SUPREME CRIMINAL COURT. FRIDAY, JUNE 4. Before his Honor Mr. Justice Therry. MURDER. Francis Morley was indicted for the wilful murder of one Eliza Moss, at Lapstone Hill, on the 21th March last. The Attorney-General conducted the case for the prosecution, and Mr. Darvall defended the prisoner. The Attorney-General in stating the case to the jury, observed that a greater degree of bru- tality was exemplified in this case than in any he ever knew or heard of in the whole course of his experience ; nor could the annals of crime describe a greater monster than he was in a position to prove the prisoner at the bar. The deceased was the wife of a settler, residing at or near Mudgee, and had been to Sydney to purchase stores ; and on her return, she, for the sake of economy he supposed, preferred travelling with her hus- band's dray, which was driven by the prisoner, to returning by the coach. After leaving Syd- ney, there was no trace of them until they reached a place known as Lapstone Hill, on the Mudgee road. They stopped for the night at Wilson's public-house, where it is alleged by the prisoner the deceased purchased some rum. They were next seen at James's public-house, on Lapstone Hill, about ten or eleven o'clock in the day named in the indictment, where they had something to drink, but the woman did not leave the dray. Before they left, the landlady of the house saw the prisoner give deceased a blow with his hand on the face ; and again, a few yards from the house, to inflict a blow or blows upon her with the whip he used in driving his team. It did not appear that the prisoner and the deceased proceeded more than about a mile and a half beyond this place, and on the next morning Mr. James was knocked up at about six o'clock by the prisoner, who had returned with his team, and his exclamation was, "She's dead - she's dead !" Information was sent to the Police, an inquest was held, and the prisoner committed by the Magistrates to take his trial for the murder. There was not a tittle of evidence of any provo- cation on the part of the unfortunate deceased ; and were it not for the evidence of the medical gentleman who, at the request of the Coroner, made the post mortem examination, that he dis- covered proofs of sexual intercourse within a very few hours of the decease of the woman, he (the Attorney-General) could not fix on any possible motive for the prisoner's commission of so mon- strous a crime. Ann James deposed : The prisoner stopped at her house for five or ten minutes, about eleven o'clock on the morning of the 21th of March last, travelling from Sydney to Bathurst ; the deceased was on the dray ; a man named Portlock passed about the same time on horseback ; the prisoner took a glass of ale out to the de- ceased, of which she took a little ; he said some- thing to her, which witness did not hear, and then gave her a back-handed slap on the face, when she cried, and said something inaudible when the team had got forty yards from the house, she saw him strike thc woman with the thong of a bullock-whip ; in consequence of in- formation received, witness between four and five o'clock of the same day sent some of her family along the road after the dray. At six o'clock the next morning witness saw the prisoner again : he brought the corpse of the woman who was riding on the dray when it passed up; he ex- claimed " She's dead, she's dead ! I would sooner than a hundred guineas she was alive, again." Witness looked at the corpse, it was then warm ; the two eyes were black ; there was a wound on the left eye, and marks of violence on the chin ; thc entire body was black from bruises, as black as the body of a black gin ; the thighs were covered with wounds, from the body downwards were long bruises, as if caused by strokes from a whip or a stick. As soon as witness's daughter was dressed she sent her away on horseback to give information to a constable. Witness was present when the doctor examined the body. Ann James, the daughter of the preceding witness, stated, that she was sent with her sister and brother after the prisoner on the afternoon of the 24th March. When she came up to him, he was lifting the deceased on the dray. Pri- soner said the woman was drunk, and that she had already fallen off the dray three times. Pri- soner said he should be sorry if the woman were not his wife; this was in reply to a question put by witness ; he said the deceased had not drunk more than three glasses that day, and wondered at her being so drunk ; her brother and witness then lifted the woman on the dray. The only injuries she remarked on the woman were two black eyes and a cut on the chin. John Baggs deposed, that about half a mile from James's Inn, between twelve and one o'clock, on the 24th March, he heard a woman screaming, and on proceeding towards the noise, and at a distance of seventy or eighty yards, saw a woman falling off a dray ; a robust man like the prisoner was there, who struck her several blows with a whip while lying on the ground ; saw him lift her up two or three times, as if to put her on the dray, and let her fall again. He did not interfere, because he thought it might be a quarrel between a man and his wife. George Blackman was travelling from Bathurst on the 24th March, and when about a mile from James's house passed the prisoner's dray ; he saw a woman lying on her back on the roadside, with her clothes up above her knees ; he had pro- ceeded sixty or seventy yards when he heard blows, and on looking back saw the prisoner flogging the woman about the legs with a thong, having both ends in his hand, and the heavy part striking the woman, who cried out " Oh dear," or " Oh, don't ." prisoner then took the thong and passed it under the back of the woman's neck, round her throat, and again to the back of her neck, and by the two ends in his hands dragged her two or three rods towards the dray, and commenced to tie her to the ring-bolt under the dray, when witness shouted out to him; he then drew away the thong, and the woman fell backwards; witness offered to assist in putting the woman on the dray ; in lifting the woman, witness took her by the arms, and prisoner by the feet ; prisoner lifted her feet higher than her head, and then violently threw her down, saying, " the best way is to put her under the wheel and finish her at once;" this he said twice. Two men shortly came up, by whose assistance wit- ness was enabled to get her up, and secured her by means of a green hide rope in such a manner that she could not possibly fall off; this was about two o'clock in the day ; prisoner said she had not drunk more than a gill that day ; the woman had on a dark gown ; prisoner was dressed as much as he is now ; did not meet any other man and woman with a dray that day ; did not observe any smell of liquor on the woman when lifting her up ; she appeared insensible ; the woman said something, but I could not distinguish what, when he asked if he hurt her while lifting her up ; he had no doubt the prisoner was the man ; he should know him amongst a thousand. Evan Morgan was travelling the Bathurst road towards Sydney with a horse and cart, ac- companied by his wife, about four o'clock on the 24th March ; before he reached James's, he sud- denly came in sight of the prisoner about fifty, yards off, who was standing over a woman, and jobbing her with the heel of his boots on her ribs ; when witness came up to him prisoner said the woman was drunk, and asked for assistance to put her on the dray ; witness got down from his cart and mounted the dray to assist him ; pri- soner took her up like a child, and when he had raised her as high as the wheel seemed to try to strike her head against it, which witness pre- vented him from doing ; when prisoner let her fall to the ground, saying she was too heavy ; a second time he served her the same way, when witness told him he did not want to lift her up, but to kill her ; he then said to the woman, " You b- I'll murder you- I'll drive the dray over you and bury you," took hold of her clothes and lifted her up, then threw her down and dragged her along the road ; he also took her up by the hair of her head, threw her down, and said " You had one black eye this morning, and now you have three ;" the woman did not speak while witness was there ; the wife of witness said to prisoner that she would send for a constable - if the woman was fifty times his wife he should not be allowed to murder her, when he said he would serve her the same if she did not hold her tongue ; the woman was then lying on the road-side ; witness then went on his way, looking back oc- casionally ; stopped at a turn of the road about a quarter of a mile distance, and saw the pri- soner lay down ; when the prisoner lay down he could not see the woman ; the dress now produced is the one the woman wore. Constable Bollen produced the clothes taken off the deceased at the inquest, which were iden- tified by several witnesses. John Moss deposed : Was the husband of the deceased ; prisoner was in his employment, and was sent by him early in March to Sydney with a team of bullocks ; his wife left by the mail a few days afterwards to purchase goods in Syd- ney for the store ; expected her to return by the mail, but has never seen her since. Patrick Glisson deposed, that he was a sur- geon, and had made a post mortem examination of the body of the deceased. Witness described the body as presenting a dreadful appearance, being one mass of bruises from head to foot. In witness's opinion the injuries received, and which were the cause of death, could not have been re- ceived by a fall from a dray alone. Thc case for the prosecution here closed. Mr. Darvall then addressed the jury for the defence, and contended for the absence of any ostensible motive which could have instigated the prisoner to the commission of murder. The motive the Attorney-General had thrown out, namely, that the prisoner had abused the person of the deceased, and afterwards murdered her for the purpose of concealment, was not sup- ported by a tittle of evidence. He admitted that the evidence proved an aggravated assault against the prisoner, but it was impossible to believe that in so public a place it was ever his intention to have taken away her life. Dr. Campbell was then called by Mr. Darvall, and deposed, that having heard all of the evidence and the description of the past mortem exami- nation given hy Dr. Glisson, he was of opinion that the woman was intoxicated, and that death might have been caused by repeated falls from the dray. The Attorney-General having replied, His Honor summed up at considerable length; his charge to the jury occupying four hours in its delivery. The jury then retired at a few minutes before two o'clock a.m., and returned into Court in about a quarter of an hour with a verdict of GUILTY. The Court then adjourned until Saturday. Before their Honors tthe three Judges. Francis Morley, convicted the previous day of the murder of one Eliza Moss, was placed at the bar. His Honor Mr. Justice Therry said, that in anxiously considering his charge to the jury on the occasion of the trial of the prisoner at the bar, there was one point which he was desirous of submitting to the full Court. The indictment was for kicking-, casting, or throwing down the said Eliza Moss on the ground, and by blows, &c.;, with his hands and feet, causing her death. The medical gentleman who had made the post mortem examination, stated that the deceased must have came by her death by both blows and falls ; while the other medical gentleman said it was possible that death might have ensued from falls alone. He (Mr. Justice Therry) had told the jury, that if they were satisfied that either beating or casting down had been the cause of death, it would be sufficient to sustain thc indict- ment. The other Judges, to whom he had com- municated this charge, concurred in the same view; but Mr. Justice Dickinson had stated that in a recent case in England the contrary had been held, and therefore it was due to the im- portance of the case that this point should be argued before the full Court. Mr. Justice Dickinson said, that in a paper he had received by the last packet, he perceived a short report of a case where a person was in- dicted for manslaughter in a prize fight. It was laid in thc indictment that death was occasioned, first, by the deceased having been thrown on the ground, and secondly, by the opponent falling on the deceased. The case was proved only on one averment, and the counsel for the defendant contended it was necessary to prove all, accord- ing to a case in 2 Lewin. Mr. Justice Vaughan Williams was surprised not being aware of such a case, and consulted Mr. Justice Creswell, who concurred in thc necessity of proving the con- joint operation. The Chief Justice ordered the prisoner to be remanded, and fixed upon Saturday next (this day) for the case to be argued at the Court House in King-street, before their Honors in Banco. COTTINO AND St AIMINO. Henry James Sloman, whose soubriquet of thc King of the Cobblers, has attached a rather questionable celebrity to his name, appeared as thc sole occupant of the dork. Bis wax-end majesty seemed somewhat disconcerted at the brazen front of the twelve " just men and true" upon whose fiat depended his fortunes, and having challenged no less than twenty jurors the interference of tho Court was had recourse to in order to set aside the capriciousness of his ob- jections- one gentleman was accused of being a single man, und therefore dispensed with ; another was deemed ineligible on the ground of his exercising the vacation of a publican, while in thc order called by the clerk of the arraigns every succeeding liege labored under the fatal ban of thc prisoner's want of faith in the solidity of their judgment and impartiality. At length thc box was filled and trial proceeded with. Thc information charged Sloman witti having on the evening of the 13th June, in the present year, violently assaulted one.Hyder, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. The Solicitor General conducted the case for the Crown ; the prisoner, armed to thc teeth with red tape, au- thenticated copies of depositions, and numerous other . official memorandums, which well nigh filled the whole area of arraignment, watched the proceedings in propria persona. From the evidence adduced it would appear that the principal actors in this scene of social riot and disorder formerly occupied the respective position of landlord and tenant ; that circum- stances, give rise to jealousy, the wife of tho prisoner being tho unhappy cause of quarrel, that a scuffle had consequently arose in which the finger of Mr. Ryder's left hand had been cut and a slight scar on his chin enacted ; upon which nlleged personal violence dovetailed by legal proceedings into ¡ts most felonious form the present enquiry rested. Several witnesses were examined, each having to undergo the boisterous cross-examination of the forensic snob, whoso manner throughout wa3 highly in- decorous to tile Court. We can, however, but sp ire space for a sample of the accused's style of sifting. Rosina Heson having been examined by the Solicitor-General, the prisoner, jumping from h¡3 scat, in a tone of saucy interrogation shouted, " "Who are you ?-don't iHUgh-I'll take the laughing out of you presently-who are you P" Answer.-" A married woman." Prisoner.-" Married ; where were you mar- ried : who were you married to ?" Witness.-'. To my husband of course." Prisoner.-Who d'e live with, I say ; what husband ; where is he ?" ? Witness.-" He is athamo-his name is Thomas Heson. I was married by Father M*Encroe." Prisoner.-" Aye, I never soe him. You know you're a bad woman, and I want to pint out your character. You live in one of that fellow Ryder's" houses-but do you ever pay rent ; no, not you, I know you ; but. I shall ask you no more;" and the ex-publican of Pitt-street, swinging himself round upon his heel, with inimitable sang froid, began to reconoitre thc recesses of his temporary tenement. When reminded by his Honor that the case for thc Crown had closed, and that now was thc time to address the jury, should he feel so dis- posed, the learned advocate settled himself into attitude arr* said, " May it'please your Honor, and gentlemen of the jury, being called upon by the Court for my defence, on a charge for which I stand indicted, I trust that I may claim your indulgence ; for, though I may say that I am a man of great mind, I never was taught to read or write. [ have often been acquainted with misfortune, and some of you may have also been skilled in it ; I beg. therefore, your sympathies, for, as my soul liveth, and as your souls live, I am a mau of honour, untainted by guilt or crime. If I am guilty, let me suffer, but give inc the benefit of any doubts that may arise. I have been married for eight- and-twenty years, and at last 1 touk in a ruffian, u scoundrel, recom- mended to mc by Mr. Brownrigg, to whom I had furnished thc means of living, when his position prevented him from getting instruments to follow his profession of Surveyor. Gentlemen, I stand in a peculiar situation ; my feelings were worked up far beyond myself, otherwise I could no more have come herc than I could have put wings on myself and down to the realms of spirits^ my natural sci: is to be silent ; I never kiv.-w a (Pfc\Vl ing tongue to be worthy of notice ; silence is'be- tween us and our common Creator.-Thc learned Solicitor'did'thc other day a very ungracious thing. You have heard from him that I am an atheist, a monster, n cursed thing, denying., the existence o' a Supreme Being. Now 1 beg to . correct the learned Solicitor-General. No man' can be found to deny that there is a Supreme Being, and I never made such an assertion. I do remember prosecuting a clerk of mine for embezzlement, but I soon forgave him ; 'twos, however, too late to interfere with tho course of law ; my heart throbbed for him ; I would have gone on my knees before any Court to have prayed for his pardon ; I was compelled to go into the witness-box, and there I did say that I would as soon.Swear .on the story of ' j'ack the Giant-killer' a3 on the book put into my hands,* for thcro. are other transcripts, and I am ac- quainted with them all. I have no fault to find with King James's transcript, or any oilier ¡ 1 have read thain all, though neuer taught to read. I know the diderence between Paganism and Ma hometanism, Iduiitism und Christianity, and I love Christianity the best. My father was a Bap- tist ; I huvo the family history in my pocket ; they were all Christians, and so am I ; yes, gen- tlemen of thc jury, I am acquainted with the Father, and through thc Father with tha Son, ami through the Son with the Holy Ghost, and I wish it to bs firmly established that no man has a right to disregard his Creator. I have worshipped with Christians, Chinese, Mahome- tans. Hindoos, with Baptists and Anabaptists, but I love Christianity alone, and, as Josephus said, * of the three sects, I love the Pharisees the best.* " The Solicitor-General here interrupted his ravings, by appealing to' his Honor to know whether or not the jury wished to get Mr. Slo man's theological vieVs expounded. His Honor.-Prisoner you had better confine yourself to the case before tile Court. Sloman resumed-" Well gentlemen, this man forgive me for not mentioning his name, was lodging in my house where he was treated as a gentleman. On thc 29th of last May the chief mate of the Emmi. Eugenia, then in harbour, paid us a visit. . His father was a lieutenant in the navy, and art old friend of mine, for I have seen half a century; the son of my friend, Wallis, was not fond of visiting Theatres and public houses, like many loose characters of the town, aud though I once had the misfortune to keep a public house, I soon got out of it : it did not suit mo ; well, the Emma Eugenia was loading for I/indon and Wallis pressed us to go on board and spend the afternoon ; I declined for a long time, but ultimately consented taking that man with us ; the stewaril was not on board at thc time, he, however, came soon after and we commenced drinking sherry and smoking cigars ; in the evening wo liad tea, after which, that man, look ut him gentlemen, went on shore for about twenty minutes ; in the mean time tho steward had furnished us with another bottle of sherry; when Ryder returned, ha took a bottle from a swinging: shelve emptied its contents into a decanter and refilled our glasses; we drank, and presently left the ship; I was perfectly sober, but I ask why we did not remain so? Half an hour after Mrs. Sloman was taken sick, she vomited, poor thing, and she is not a drunk- ard, never was drunk, though I have been, and dare say, you all have been ; we then went to Lee's and had a little brandy, for we were sick again ; when there I had occasion to go back- ward, and returning found Ryder and my wife had left the house, I endeavoured to follow and in getting into thc paddock I again fell sick and unable to stand ; I remained there about two hours, when I got up I passed on to Rodgers public house whare, faint and sick and forlorn, [tonk sixpenncth of refreshment; while I re- mained Ryder came to take me home, and gen- tlemen what »was my home ? What was my home ? My honor ! ! My wife half undressed sitting on a sofa and calling on me to protect her ; shu had been insulted (sobbing) ; insulted by strangers (relaxing into tears) : oh gentle- men ! some of you are married ; have wifes, de- pending upon you for protection ; what would your feelings have been ; I acknowledge I shrink from my own feeling-my wife-the plant of my bosom whom I had received at the alter, faint, sick, sick, forlorn j ! ! What law in humanity that would not excuse me? He nude from mc, oh (thc prisoner here turned his back to the judge and roared ' turn the females out of court') *' Oh horrible to relate, I found my wife seduced.'*,The prisoner then described some details which are totally unfit for publication ; having indulged his beastly cacoethes he anon resumed, " I turned my wife out of doors, and at daylight as I found the lodger in bed, I called upon him and ordered him out ; he advanced to my bed room, I shunned him ; however, he came a se- cond time to my room, I said go, go, go-you have ruined my peace of mind ; Ah, gentlemen, I had to remain at home Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday ; I had but one lamb in thc world the lamb of my bosom, given to me by Doctor Polding, a maid to-solace and to cheer'me, and now she is cut off from society for ever ; you might think how I feel the I033 ; I have worn the mark of my father on my arm, and wear it still ; after two or three days ha|J elapsed my wife seeing me in a calmer state, came to me and talking over our misfortunes ; we thought of appealing to the Church ; we then thought of burying it in oblivion, and of going to the grave together disgraced ; well, on thc evening of the 13th May, I went down the garden to gather water cresses in order to excite my wife's apper tito, for we had eaten nothing fpr.fourdays, when who should I see but the mau, whose namo I cannot mention, his Honor will ; 1 followed him calling him monster, into Logan's house, [when thc assault is said to have been committed]] and shoved him ; the shoemaker interfered and we went out at separate doors ; returned homo to my wife and their was no more about it ; the next day I heard the fellow's finger was cut-it might have been so, probably ho fell over thc shoemaker's kit-how is it that no blood was found on.the door ; it's a curious thing that a finger should be cut to the bone and no blood follow ; the fol. low was drunk ; now gentlemen, can you recon- cile with these facts cutting and'maiming; [ once shook hands with a man who was hanged, and freely forgave him as he walked to the gallows, though he once left mc for dead. [What a forgiving mind, j I have been known ' to you all ; I have headed thc .calls of fellow- men, fed the poor, succoured the afflicted, called in physicians to the sick, and always stood in thc shoes of humanity ; I shall liva without indicting; a wound upon any man, and when 1 die I thank my Creator that I am merely passing towards Heaven." Thc prisoner then sat down and thc effect of his brilliancy wasÍ made surprisingly evident by thc verdict of acquittal from thc jury. His Majesty was consequently set at'liberty. 