'GEItALDINE : A TALB OF CONSOIZNOM. :HAP. I. 1T was the time of sunset, as from the, oriel window of her apartment, Geraldine Carrington gazed o'er the broad lards of which she waq' heiress. The skies poured forth a good of light. and, glory. The clouds reposing tranquilly above the.distant hills, formed that mysterious combination of earth and s'cy, so emblematic of thesoulof man; and their reflected linessparkling in the far-stretched bend of the river. seemed, in each ripple of that moving joy, to bring beneath the feetof ,her who sadly mused, messages of peace, and hope, and love ! For a time yielding to these sweet influences, Geraldine leaned yet farther from the casement to look around .the 'utmost extent of country. To the-right lay the old ared town of Elverton, its ruined castle and mounds standing in dark fantastic outline against the bril liant sky ; and op the left. reposed a deep. and wooded valley, which presenting -to the eye above the tops, alone of the impervious trees, carried its -rich 'carpeting between the hills, till all was lost in diptance while in the foreground stood, immove-. atiloin majesty, the, sttely trunks and rigid branches of many, cedars. ;Along this valley, on a footpath formed on the, hlll-side, and. far above the tees, were Ix~,4:at in tervals of some hundred yards, high whitened poles, a yellow pendant fluttered at the top of each, and a, few detached figures moved in the measured tread of sentinels along the seemingly prohibited path. Ge raldin's wandering and abstracted gaze rested at, lqngtlo 0o the line of.demarcation; sh, started, aighed iAeavlly, some deep sensation struggling in. her breast. At.this instant began the tolling of:the city bell, when, wringing her hands, she sank upon her knees, and criede-" Oh my God ! I cannotdie I 1\. cannot appear before thy throne in this bewilder ment of mind. Oh ! cause me to know the truth, thou who art all truth. Spare me till this be clear -then take me to thyself I And oh ! my God, calm, thou this burning, brain-send me some tokon of thy pity-gtve me back my wonted,powers of mind, my courage, usefulness, my influence over others-these all come from thee. Thou canast recall them all '' yet not'now-not in the time of this thy, public.chastleement, when those who have looked up to me require them. Oh my God, I.canriot cease to implore thee till thou hast answered me !" As Geraldine half breathed, half pronounced, this, supplication, there arose from the outskirts of the town a.shout of mingled voices, and. 'as the, spunds died Mrurmuring away, another shout arose, another, and another, while a still small voice sedied to in-. terpret them, " Geraldine, thy prayer is heard !" The hours. now passld Unheeded on, and the deepening shades of night were flung around, before the, silent commune-of her heart was inter rapted by a kindly hand resting on her shoulder, while in a tone of tender reproach, ,, Geraldine!" said her favourite friend, " is it to be ever thus P That vigourous mind, that noble heart, are they laid prostrate at the sight of danger, and are those ties of kindred and friendship so forgotten, that self alone engrosses one who once lived but for others ! Oh! Dearest, lwhen I look upon this change, I tremble :for all human constancy, and think truly this is a.living death !" " And would you see me welcome danger death--" said Geraldine, " give me back my igno rance, my prejudice, my blindness; and my peace. Let me think error, truth-delusion, certainty-and [ will rush upon the tainted throng ; will court the breath, will grasp the hand, of the first dying one, and hail the agonies which tear the frame, but free the soul to wing its flight above." ' Your blindness and your peace, my Geraldine ! Haveyou misled me then P Do you then love, and love unhappily P" Geraldine smiled. " Katherine, your woman's heart cannot suppose a feeling worthy to engross its depth and magnitude, but love, mere human love ! But hear my heart declare its sentiments; that heart of which the waywardness, the passion, and the pride, you-you along have known in their full ex tent; hear me declare my present joy, that heaven forbade .my earthly choice; that I have since escaped all this that could have fettered me-that I am free to follow the truth withersoever it may lead me." " Geraldine," gravely replied her friend, " my mind being calmly settled in its early faith, would I not gladly attribute your excitement and distress to some other cause than that of bias towards a creed, which I must ever think most dark, deceitful, and dangerous P" The heavy tolling of, the bell here interrupted them, and continued for some minutes,during which the friends remained silent, Geraldine being appa rently engaged in prayer. On its ceasing she remarked, " BHow sad it is to watch those empty forms, surviving ll the intrinsic value which they once possessed. At each score of deaths within our hapless town, that solemn sound is heard-for what P -to warn the official for mere official purposes, but no longer as thie anc'ent' passing bell,' when, far as the sound could reach, the bended knee and fer vent prayer obeyed the appeal to Christian charity, that souls which yet survived should supplicate mor those departing hence. But Katherine," continued she with altered tone, and a joyousness of coun tenance and manner which, though once hers. she had of late but little shown, " Within these last few hours someting has spoken peace to me- something connected with these popular shouts sent forth at sunset. How strange that having heard them, as you must have done distinctly, and repeatedly, two hours since, you have made no comment on them., This over- caution has confirmed my prophetic feel ing, that those acclamations from an ignorant capricous mob, proceed from the same cause which, one short month ago, drew from them yells and execrations I Yes Katherine, I see it is so ! He who was hooted and pelted from the town, for simply preaching according to the doctrine of his Church, and the dictates of his conscience, he has now re turned, because his enemies are dying of a fata disease, and he can save or die with them. This is the devoted being heaven has sent, to ' speak peaco to me,' and to say,' Geraldine, thy prayer is heard.' " Here the first gush of tears she had known through many painful weeks, flowed irrepressibly, and re lieved the tension and excitement of her mind. " My.dearest friend," at length began Katherine a you observed to me some months ago, that our minds understood each other, as though they were parts of a whole, and grateful am Ito say, that 1I feel this equally with yourself, excepting in this unlucky instance: but here, I candidly own, I do not'sympathize; and although I admit that nothing, can have been more heroic than the conduct of this Catholic priest, or more, apparently harsh than that of the leading people of the town, including, per hoaps, some even of the clergy, yet 'I cannot but lament his return. All thinking and feeling per sons ragretted, as mnch as yourself, that the very characteristics of Protestantism, liberality and bene. volence, should have been forgotten on this occasion, while an-opposite conduct-has proved as impolitic as it was ungenerous.; for in these popular excitements there is always danger of a reaction ; and it is exactly this reaction of feelifg that has led this stupid mob, whichl I despise equallyr with, yourself, to believe that their persscution of this Mr., or, as they call -him, Father, Bernard, has drawn on them heaver's vengeance 'in the cholera, and that his recall will stay the contagion. Certain it is, if the report of servanta may.be trusted, that when ihe appeared at that gate, where the' sanatory cordon begins, and simply, told the group that was loitering there. that he was returned to nurse and comfor', their sick, the news quickly. spread, a crowd col lected, and Mr. Bernard was actually, borne along, amid the shouts, of the multitude, to the cholera hospital, where his advice and remedies are alone attended to. And now, Geraldine, if he but stop here, I willingly give him my meed of praise; but surely your love of what is noble and disinterested can never influence you so.far as to holpe, that the awful delusions of the Romish Creed shall be once more held foih to thg poor ignorant creatures who surround him, and who will now be. weakened by terror and disease, and biassed by gratitude P" "I believe;"! said Geraldine abstractedly, , that thereis one pulnt n which all these disputing Doc tots agree, namely, that whatever may be the agony of the suferers in, this dreadful disease, they never lose their seqses. These poor creatures will then be aware of Mr. Bernard's presence, and of his spirI tual care-how merciful " "The best preparation for deathr.mcst take place in the person's own mind,' returned Katherine., " This priest may comfort his own zealous heart with fancied convrttsinn -their last., momeiqts; ire may, administer to, thbm all the rites prescribed by his Church, but' do you seriothsly suppose, my dearest Geraldine, thale these converts, even.if sincere, will find more acceptance before God.than thoqe poor. unassisted Protestants, who have been taught to rest solely on the merits of their Redeemer P" "1 will tell ypu whatI seriouslysuppose;' said Gerakline, shlatever Cllrist has commanded we are to obey imp citi--that we are not to conjecture, and reason,apd make. an allegory of it, or. limit-it entirely to the time.of the Apostles. but weare to follow his commands to the very letter. So far, perhaps, youimay think that we, agree,, but 1 begin to perelvcithat to our Lord's.promises are attached certain conditions, while pou think them wholly free and unconditional. Now,thls confidence may be praiseworthy, it may be. presumroptious, according as ,it I, orlis nopt, conformable to Chlrist's instructions withreepect to us." "To what are you referring P" Inquired EPather Inc. " Princlpally to that-sacrament commanded by an inspired ipostle. to be administered itiohe sick, which we Protestants have supposed beneficial only to the early Christians, and which you seem to think of no consequence at al." "We cannot be longer , doubt," replied Kather ine, " while we have our Bibles." " How can you say that," cried Geraldine," when we are differing at this very moment, not about the divine authority of the Sacred Book, but about its meaning I If it be impossible to doubt, while we have the Bible, why are we not agreed on the Sacra ment of Extreme Unction, commanded by St. James, seeing that we both ardently desire to know the truth, both read incessantly in the Sacred Record, and both pray for the teaching of the Spirit P Kate I Kate ! tell me not that every Bible reader knows the truth : I am weary of this repeated but unsatisfac tory answer; I have proved its hollowness. You know well the increased interest I took in religion three years ago,-the confidence I placed in the body of professing Christians, both in this neigh bourhood and in London, and the conspicuous part, which, from my zeal and my position here, I was induced to take in the various religious associations set on foot. What have become of those Bible readers !-those I most trusted ! One has ceased to pray, and now can only praise, being certain of salvation ; another has joined the Baptists, being dissatisfied with ' Infant Baptism ;' and my former excellent governess, and still dear friend, has be come infatuated by the doctrines of the ' Miraculous Gifts;' and has even been worked upon by thi frenzy of excitement to utter- those sounds which Iher party denominate the' Unknown Tongue!' She has ceased to communicate with any of her former acquaintances, as being without the pale of the true Church, which has received baptism by the Holy Ghost; but she still yearns after me with the feel ings of a sister. I have received several letters from her, and what think you is her constant entreaty P That I will read the Bible, and nothing but the Bible ! pointing out to me the chapter hitherto so neglected during centuries, and reserved for these latter days, to be brought to light by the perfected Church ! You know the chapter, Katherine ; it is the fourteenth of Corinthians, in 'which there is certainly most distinct mention made by the Apostle of the very gifts of the Spirit, which, like the power of healing, the Irvingites contend would never have been lost but through want of faith. Now, Kathe rine, I have looked far too deeply into the cause of all this wild, unstable conduct, longer to suppose it the fault of the individuals who have so wandered astray. It is the .ystem which I see is wrong :-the system of private interpretation of Scripture; and hence, however I may pity, I can never blame, its victims." " There has unfortunately," said Katherine, " been too great license given of late to those who select'detached passages of Scripture, and, by dwel ling exclusively on them, give them undue might over the other parts of the word of God. But do not judge of the Protestant Church by a few of its unruly members, or throw up the Protestant's glorious privilege of taking his faith from the Bible alone, merely from the abuses which may occur from this liberty degenerating into license." " 1 do not reason on the abuses merely, Kather ine; I disapprove and am alarmed even at the uses of a principle, which I once admired as much as yourself. And why are your reasoning faculties so obscured as not to see, that, while we are sur rounded by Bible Societies, and Branch Bible Societies, this country is torn by religious factions P That the Established Church is already in a minority; and that, not seeing the madness of division at such a crisis, she keeps up the internal disunion between the Evangelical and the High Church-the curate often preaching in opposition to the known sentiments of his rector, the parishes divided between them, each congregation contending that their favourite minister alone ' preaches the gospel;' and then, to make confusion worse con founded, the women begin to teach, and to decide, and to subdue by clamour, the authority of their appointed teachers ! Now. these refractory curates, and vociferous women, are all incessant Bible readers; and yet, even in their rebellion, they are not agreed.', "Rebellion," cried Katherine, smiling, " is a strong term; and now, Geraldine, confess to me, that the Church of England had fallen into a trance until these her own energetic children aroused hes ; and that what Wesley would have done for her, had he not been rudely thrust into dissent, the Evan gelical body are achieving, namely, diffusing warmth and action throughout the inert mass. Why, then, be surprised and alarmed that some confusion and dissension take place during this process-that pride and jealousy are irritated on the side of the higher powers, and that, on the Evangelical and reforming side, there is not always discovered zeal without innovation P' " Yes ! Katherine, I have considered all that - and I have also.felt myself under deep obligation to the party whose .cause you espouse: it was from them I first learned to consider religion, not only as a duty, but as a delight, and felt a personal. Interest in all its [glorious promises., Oh l wlhat a happy being I was then, when L fully trusted my spiritual guides with all the warmthl and confiding affection of my etiracter~i The awakening from this delusion-has, indeed been dreadful, and 1 blessGod that my senses are:stll preserved." " And have yout never 'consulted any Gospel minister, Geraldine, who, having remained steady to scriptural 'truth,.ould be. able to prove to you that the individuals you refer to have been to blame, through want of caution and humility; and that Protestantism is, not to be pronounced a faulty sys tem ots account of these bad specimens P" " I cannot consider these persons as bad speci mens of the. Protestant system, Katherine. They were, they are, constant and fervent in prayer, searching the Scriptures with all diligence, unre mitting in deeds of charity and love. What right. haave Ito charge these pious and devoted beings with want of humility P No i. I pity, I love them, through all their fearful wanderings; for,as I before said, I regard them as victims to the system of private. interpretation of Scripture." ", Is Mr. Edmund Sinclair, your relative, and your. private, minister, acquainted with the unsettled state of your mind P' " But. partially; for I feel that he.could not help me. I know too well tbestate ofomy uncle Edmund's 'mild, to expect. relief. Piety, and tenderness, and sympathy, 1 have ever found and should Afind agamn ; but how could Ihe give me that.which.lhe has not to giee--stabilliy." "Then, for heaven's .sake, Geraldine, consultt some party, amongst the Protestants, whom you can trust; try even, if yoiu will, the High Church body, which, has stabilliy eningh, if forms and articles, antd liturgies, will content you. Better side with worshippers of the ' Thirty-nine,' of the Homi lies, and of the Book of Common Prayer, than rush Into all the fooleries of thle Romish Church." " I shall rush into notlhing, Katherine ; and could I lhope to be satisfied with the old-fashlioned Church of England, I would most gladly rest in liher bosom. I have often wished to consult my eldest uncle, the warden, who arrived here last week, and who is *nnsidered by hais university as a standard authority in points of orthodoxy ; but I have ever found the High Church party wanting in fervour, in zeal ! 1 cannot but remember how dull I used to find religion when a child, and how interesting it is made to children in the Evangelical families." ** Yes," said Katherine, " I can never suppose that your ardent sot will be satisfied with the ' venerable Establishment.' That Episcopalian at mosphere has a soporific effect even upon me, as certain as it is indescribable. Still, as you are determined to put yourself under the thraldom of the' commandments of men,' and I have no hope of winning you over to the communion which I prefer, (namely, that of Scotland,) you had better consult that big-wig uncle of yours, and be satisfied with his orthodox arguments, if you can ; for heaven knows that anything is better than Popery !" Geraldine remained some time in thought. At length, starting up, she exclaimed,-" You are right, Katherine, I ought to endeavour, at least, to content myself with the Church in which I was born and educated, in which are my nearest and dearest ties, and in which 1 have been taught to know and [love my Saviour. Could 1 be satisfied within the Church of England, what conflict, what agony, would it not save me i And 1 have just been struck by the coincidence of the Warden's long pro mised visit, deferred till now, with my present un settled state of mind; for there is no one more capable of giving instruction than this my revered uncle. Having promised me that, in my father's ab sence, and for the whole of the long vacation, he would remain at the Hall,-shut up together during the raging of this disease, with an ample library at our command, every thing is favourable to my earnest wish for instruction; and my learned uncle, with his strong bent towards deep theological re search, is exactly the book of reference to suit my purpose, provided that he will deign to answer a woman's questions: for, though by virtue of his creed, he must allow her to possess a soul, he often treats that soul as hl would the butterfly which is its emblem i" " Are you in awe, then," said Katherine, laugh ing, " of this dignified head of a college P" " Yes, I am ; but that will not prevent my giving him my confidence: and 1 have only to prove to him that I am not a butterfly, but a true ' Psyche,' and then prepare yourself, dear Kate, for hours and days of controversy, when, if truth be not doubly on my side, I must inevitably be foiled, -for here, like the little David, with but sling and stone, I brave the celebrated John Sinclair of - , the Goliah of Oxford !" (To be continued.) 