A VOYAGE FROM SYDNEY TO! ' SOUTH AUSTRALIA AND HACK i AGAIN ; WITH MEMS.. SOCIAL, ! POLITICAL. AGRICULTURAL, ! MORAL. AND MINING. (From the Sydney Heuaxu.) The reader is probably aware that the state-cabins of coasters, (as the ctip- , boards for the nocturnal confinement of passengers are called) are divided into . two sleeping shelves, on which the oc cupants lie, one over the other, in layer I — like calicos in shops, or Bodies in a family vault. The lower shelf is almost level with the floor of the cabin ; the . upper is about four feet above it : and, as one or the other must be the more commodious of the two. he is (in my judgment), in a limited degree, a bene factor to his species, who enables in tending voyagers to profitably elect in this paniculnr. Take my ad»ice, then, and always iLn imtiAi nnn 1 1 !r»ir» flint getting into a bed fixed at such a height is a somewhat violent proceeding ; but when you acquire the knack of |>oiiiig yourself on the wash-hniul-st.nid, before hurling yourself into bed, the uisk be comes comparatively easy. With the single exception, then, of getting in and getting out. (which hitter operation is done bv a somerset — soon in-quired), the upper berth is so superior to the lower one, that I shall never for a mo ment hesitate between the two. In the first place, the boards of the upjMW berth, upon which the bedding rests, sometimes come out, and fall altogether — boards, bedding, and bedfellow — down upon the sleeper below ; and. if such an accident is to happen at all, it is much better that you should fall upon your friend, than llial lie should fall upon you. Again, whenever the man in the upper berth is too timid to throw himself out at once, and tubes about with his feet for a lauding, whilst lie holds on with his hands, he ten to one misses his footing altogether, aud whilst you are wondering where the legs aie going to, or what they are about to do, they conclude by slipping into your berth, and standing upon your face, or stomach, belbre you can loll out of the way. llesidcs this, the cockroaches walk much more upon the lower man. than thev do upon the upper one, taking liberties with liim as if lie were a per son of less consequence, u servant, a slnve, or a mummy belonging to the other, and slowed away under his bed as of no importance. For these, and other minor reasons, it was that I, — now that an additional complement of passengers compelled us into two's for each stale cabin, — at once chose the upper bedding place ; and knowing as I did for sixteen days and nights, what a nuisance I was to my neighbour, I never regretted my choice. At about sunset of the day of our departure from the wharf at Port Ade laide, we drew away with the stream, and fell down the harlutir with the tide. Darkness comes upon us, and the tide is out. before we get to the narrow mouth ' of the harbour, and therefore we drop i our anchor, and defer crossing the bar ; until the next morning. Presently, a boat containing the new passengers, i who have been spending every moment I they could spend on shore, is seen cutting through the dark, and leaden coloured water, to the ship. These are the Phantom's owner, two new passen- j gers, a stout passenger, (a most amiable and gentlemanlike Crown Land Com missioner, of Port Phillip,) a tall one, the stout one's dog ; and trunks, and band boxes for all. We are introduced, hy tiie Captain, and boat in the dark, to each other, or to the boatmen, or to the sailors, (we are not certain which) and tea time being ready, we descend to the cabin, to cat steaks, drink tea, .and ex amine each other there. A couple more of sea captains have come down the harbour with us, in oidcr to have a parting yarn with our captain, and as usual, when two or three skippers arc gathered togelh.r in one place, they start a pleasant conversation, (for those just commencing a voyage) about that ship, the . Thomas or John something which went to the Mauritius with wheat, and has never since been heard of. which naturally leads to the mention of at least a dozen other vessels, which at different times have been run down, gone ashore, or foundered in gales of wind. Conversation dwells in particular upon the Sojihia Pot", which was our mate's contribution to the general entertainment, (confirmed hv a profes sional brother, who said he could re member it well ;) which having run upon a reef of rocks, and there lain for weeks, until all the food was consumed, the crew were at length driven to pick deck planking, to keep themselves from starving, until this failed, when the captain said they must cast lots, and that as it was litter for hoys to die than grown up men, the boys must cast lots among themselves. That upon this, one of the boys said, bethought all ought to take their chance alike, and that the lot ought not to be routined to the boys, for a boy's life was as much to him as any other person's life was to him, and that the captain said, " lets have none of your d d impudence, hut get ready at once and how that thev did gel readv, and that the lot fell on one, and that the ships butcher was called upon to kill the boy, and refused, and len|>ed ovrrboatd, and destroyed himself, and that the boy then offered to kill himself, and did so by cutting his own throat, and was eaten hy the rest of the crew, who were soon after picked up off the w reck by a passing vessel, winch thought the people on the wreck could not he in waul of food, for they had provision hanging at the stern, which the narrator said was only one of the legs of the poor hoy." As the conver sation has taken tin- sanguinary turn. — not a strikingly pleasant one, even when you are safe on shore, aoJ much loo cxei'.iug when you arc at sea, we with draw at once to our donuilory.and climb inUi b".b ii ml in a few moments, not - w ithstanding the humble narratives we have been regaled with, are fast asleep. I Before light the next morning the Phantom was under weigh, over the | bar, and standing down the gulf of St. | Vincent , with a fair w ind. We hagan ; to calculate (as h-ople always will cal- : culate, ami look into the dark womb of the future, — always darkest at sea) about the probable time of our arrival in Sydney. " Let's see" (says one) seven days going down to Adelaide, -even days we have been in port, — and say seven days hack. The passage iioiiie io nvuuey tins ureu uoue in live hut say seven, or to be libeial, and on the sale side ten. This will make ihe 1 voyage (usually a six weeks one) only twenty -fou- days iu all, and if we do it in seven days, then only twenty-one. How shall we astonish the natives. What will they think of the Phan tom!" cries one ; to which our fricud the north countryman (who is still with lis, and sleeps under my bed,) cries, " Eh, it's grand Sirs," and jerks himself along the poop, snapping his lingers, and chuckling as if Sydney Heads were already in sight, instead of being, as they are, twelve hundred miles away. Alas ! what short sighted, childish creuiures we are. Our captain — who hy the bye, is as capital a fellow as ever trod a deck, — has been trying in vain to put down that growing spirit of prophecy among us, from, as i believe the good-natured desire, to save us from disap|h)iiittueut. It is st range how eon- teinplmitls, if not absurdly incu-dulous most of its are, to his not Yeiy new doctrine, " that tin- winds are uncertain, and I hat we must expect bad luck, mixed with good." They are deaf. But when the wind chops round, and before we aie half way down the golf, becomes dead a-lu-ad, we uee plainly we aie not to have it all uur own way. On Friday evening we left Adelaide, aud although we have only sixty miles to do, to gel out of the gulf, that dis tance is not accomplished even hy ' Sunday night. In shurt for seven or eight days after this, the wind was foul las if, to use the Irish chief-mate's words, " they have done it froiu spite." From exultant anticipation of an early arrival in .Sydney, we gradually be come resigned to an ordinary passage, I ami at last grow apathetic even under ! the apprehensions of a very long one. There is nothing for it, hut to eat aud drink in desperation, and play whist, and loo, and romp with the dog, and sot him at the goal — (who sometimes butts the dog over on his back, and makes him howl an altnou articulate murder') — and tish for barracoota with no other bait then a great staring ten- penny nail, fastened upon a lump of ,red cedar, iu such a mauiier as to make j it an insult to any fish's understanding to lay it before his gills, for their ac ceptance. And yet these most stupid fish are thus caught hy dozens ; coining in companies about this simple con trivance, houkiug and uuhookitig I themselves, and then coming hack j again, a if enamoured of the nail, and ' never seeming to be easy iu their ill i nils until they are hauled upon deck, and are iqieued for sailing. This adverse w iml, too. is not without profit in oilier respects. It is ccilain that w hen we do get on shore wc shall relish it. None who has ever slept, or endea voured to sleep, whilst standing upon his liea.l in a gale of wind at sea,— no one who has ever listened to his neigh bour knocking himself to pieces iu his cabin, and swearing frightfully during the operation, — no one can have ever shaved at sea, at the risk of amputating his nose, slicing off his chin, or cutting his throat . — no Christian h-art that has ever been toadied hy the sound of that frightful tumble of some very heavy- passenger down stairs, — no one who has heard his opposite neighbour crying out from his little hospital of a state cabin to the steward — " for God's sake To conic again — no one who has ever lain, crushed, humiliated, almost spirit- broken, upon the top of his own hat, coats, telescope, hoots, and Blair's Ser mons, all combined into little chaos of their own, whilst the wind is howling through the rigging, and the raging sea is roaring and leaping its wildest within a few inches of his ear : no one rs « lioi-n toon tlnna imi) )isvii-i1 ill lliniiii things without acquiring an intense and passionate appreciation, even to very weakness, of his own particular four-poster in his own quiet aud uneon- vttlsrd bed-room, iu the (as it then ap pears to him at sea) lovely city of Sydney. Thus " sweet are the uses uf our marine adversity." On our tenth day out, at about eleven o'clock in the morning, we sight a vessel a great way off, with royal and studding-sails set, Coming towards us. The practise,! eye of our captain at once pronounced her, from her general physiognomy, to he the Dorset brig, from Sydney, hound for Adelaide. She soon noars us, and we set to work analysing each other with telescopes. As the vessels pass on their different ways, and the captains roar questions ami answers at each other through speaking trumpets, what a steady, con centrated, and collective stare, all the people of each vessel Ix-stow on the other! We recognizr a Sydney fiietid on hoard, aud we wonder if he has tumbled out of bed much, during his passage hitherto. Soon the vessels are a great distance from each other on their trackless ways, and still we find our eyes ever falling upon ilir little Dois-t, as doubtless the little Dorset's eyes are upon us. So absorbing and peculiar is the interest which one box of human beings feels for another, when encountering far away upon the desolate and mighty deep. They look so completely at the mercy uf the power to which they have committed them selves ; an observation which, in all probability, the Doiset also makes upon us. The next object of inleiesl is Cape Otway, which we can see at about six o'clock iu tiie morning cf our twelfth or thirteenth day out. At tne same time, we sight two uther vessels, a barque and a brig, both beating in the same uirecuon as ourselves, in (lie en deavour to double the Cape. We soon get near enough to the barque to em ploy u|Hiti her the flag language in vented hy Captain Matrvail, aud we ask her what she is, which is not con sidered so rude a question at sea as it would he for one stranger to walk up to another, and put the same question on shore. Nevertheless, the barque takes no sort of notice, hut sends away as if she did not see us, which is the first time I ever witnessed one vessel re gularly cut another at sea. Our cap tain is disgusted, and says the barque's a beast. 1 cha-itablv suggest, that per- haps she has been jolly last night, and is not yet quite up and dressed, aud fit for conversation, hhI litis reallv looks something like the fact, for about an hour after, aud long after we have hauled down uur (lags and retired hack upon our owu dignity, the barque runs her ensign up, and thus recognises our existence. As, however, she has nothing to say, we sus|>ect she is dumb, and ' altogether destitute of flags to express an idea : she is a clipper, however, for we hold together for a couple of days, and leave her on the second night after we have made our acquaintance. She was recognised as lite 1 Varatoh, from Adelaide to Port Phillip, and has made the quickest passage of the season, from London to South Australia As for the brig, a melancholy little tub called the ! Union, we ran away from her altogether, a few hours after we first saw her. The next afternoon wc have a most picturesque thunder-storm, which has been brewing all day, in a lurid leaden culoured sky, and comes clattering over ' our heads at suu-down, iu sublime style. Away comes the glorioui south-wester sweeping over the deep, as it bursts in the fulness of its power out of the mes ses of angry cloud behind us. The thunder roars as if it were rolling away into the very vaults of old ocean ; the lightnings blaze away, and " fork out " their finest patterns, to lend sublimity to the sceue. The wind moans and : howls a melancholy dirge amongst the ' r'SK'"g> whilst the seas, mounting and 1 cur ling, come hissing and careering after 1 us, as if they were wishing they might get the little Phantom, which, up to every tiling, takes to her heels at once, ; and goes foaming over the deep under ! double-reefed topsails, as if exulting in J the excitement of running through the j thick of it. This hurst, however, soon j blows itself out, and iu about an hour it sinks into a gentle and fair breeze, | with which, resuming all sail, we quietly glide into Bass's Straits. In the morning all was a dead calm. | Dan his begin to be entertained hy same whether we shall ever grt to Sydney j with such adverse weather. We can , scarcely fish w ith any spirit, nor arc we ( moved much, even hy sight of a large i shark, which appears just under the quarter of the vessel, iu an alliludc of contemplation, as if meditating upon the flavour of the Crow n Land Commis sioner—by far the jnciest man among us — who, unconscious that he has ex- ; cited the shark's regards, is hanging listlessly over the side of the vessel. But at tli is point, when our hopes are at the lowest, our bad luck ends. A cats- paw comes gently crumpling the sur face of the sea. It grows to a little breeze. Away we go again. Another large barque is in sight. She is hove- I to, ami we see her broadside on, evi dently-waiting for us. She lowers a boat as we near her. Uer male comes on board, with his captain's compli ments, and wishes to know h.nv our barometer is, for bis is very low ; and he and his vessel appear to lie seized with a kind of shivering fit. at being among the island of Bass's Straits, w ith the prospect of thick ami dirty wealhrr coming on. Our friend is the En- iiAi-rtL fr.im 1 .111111111. An«l l«i know whether we intend to run. Uur, Captain says certainly, and invites the , Euphrates to run with him, — as he . (our captain) is well acquainted with the part, and exacts to grt quite f ee of the islands before sundown. All our captain asks iu return is, that the mate of the Euphrates will, when he gels to Sydney , report the Phantom, as -crn in Bass's Straits, which the male of the Euphrates, with the utmost good faith, promises to do. Of course we are all iliveited at the mate's delusion, in fancy ing that he is to get to Sydney first, and in order to show that we have been only quizzing, we first escort the En phrules faitly past the islands, and then we takr uur heels again and run out uf sight of her before dark, and never stop until we get to Sydney. We made the Heads at night. The weather w.vs thick and rainy, and great xvas the excitement as aloft and below, eyes were distributed about the vessel, looking out for the f.iemlly light — that light, at the first sight of which, so many a sea and stonn-wearird heart, has leaped w ith an almost childish joy. First the mate, who is aloft, sees aud piotlaims a light ho! — and the quick and uervous question of the captain, " Where away ? ' answers, on the lar- h.iaisl bow. Presently several others see it, and I work my ryes so desperately hard to sec it loo, and that so succcssfully thnt at length I see seven or eight lights at least. Tim particular light, however, piosrs to be a drcrivrr, for in a few minutes we find, fiotn the alteration of its bearing, that it is plainly moving, and at last someone exclaims ' why it's the Shamrock" and sure enough it is the Shamroik, looking as site passed aw as in the darkness .-.ml mist, like the ghost of a strainer, laliier than a strainer ilxrlf . Soon, however, the real revolver casts i,.i blight beam acr.Ki our view, and slowlv, and with the faintest breath of wind, we glide low.uds the harlniur. Such was the natural excitement of m iking land at night thatoiily two pas sengers went to bed, and 1 was not one of them. We pass between the Heads, arid astern of the Si/1 George stymour, I lying (with all her contents apparently | fast asleep) near the Sow and Pigs,. In j anothrr half-hour wr drop our anchor,' as wc bear up at Battery Point, and ' our voyage is at an end. ' Can it be |Hissiblr that night isat&n; end too, and we have never been to bed 1 'l'ruly it is so, as lagu says, l'lcaiurr and srtion make tliehuurs smasbort. Day liegins 'odawn, and iu this first j fresh sober light of luoru, with no living \ tiling on the move but ourselves, the harbour looks like tome beautiful Ita lian picture. We have stolen iu like a phantom, aud people will go dowu in the morning and find the little clipper looking at composed as if she had been lying off the Uailery Point for a week. And nuw all our thoughts are of home. \\\ e have been absent from Sydney a month and two days. In that time what may not have occurred 1 Some of the dear youug bright eye we left behind us, may, whilst we were away, have be come quenched for ever. We almost run from the Circular Wharf through the silent and deserted strrets, as these fearful thoughts grow upon us. No body is yet up in our street, and I reach my own house, hut can make uuthing of the outside of it. 1 cannot discover from the expression uf the street door whether mutes have been lately stand ing there, or whether funerals have been lately performed about the pre mises, so that 1 am obliged at last to muster up courage aud ring Ute bell. The imaginary character of such ap- prehensions, the levity of these jiajiers , will sufficiently show. So as I have ' reached home at last, of which fact some others are probably as glad as I am, 1 shall at once make my bow to my ex cellent and good-nsturad readers, as . 1 write my last words, l'»j vultle, tt plaudit e. 