EXTRACTS* DARBY AND THE RAM. 'Twas one of those days when the sua in its perpedicular altitude looks at two sides of the hedge at once—a lovely midsummer day—wlieu nature was laughing till her sides ached, and mother earth, in hor gayest mood, was lavishing her promises and her smiles to her often ungrateful children, the Iambs were skipping to and fro within their cuclosed pastures, and the cows, with grave and matron aspect, were lolling in the sua, and ruminating their already gathered repast—every thing seemed happy except the Shepherd Darby. Poor fellow ! A " green and yellow melancholy," had settled on his manly cheek ; his grief he revealed not, but let " concealment, like a worm i' the bud," prey upon his spirits; he stalked about the field like a ghost, or leaned upon his crook in silent Lord Amplefield and Squire Buckthornwere riding past to dinner. " I wonder," said his lordship to tbe squire, " What can be the matter with my shepherd Darby. He seems in a galloping consumption, and were I to loose him, I would not see his like ugain for many a long day. He is the most honest, 6teady, careful creature in the world, and never told a lie in his life." "Never told a lie in his life! Good heavens? Why, my lord, do you really believe such nonsense ?" " Decidedly I do. I know your opinion is not very favorable as to the moral character of our dependents, yet there are some among them not unworthy of trust." They now advanced nearer, and his lord* ship held up his whip as a signal, and over bounded Darby. " WeH-Darby, that shower we had last night served the pastures." " It did, my lord, and the cows will have a larger meal, and require milking earlier this evening through means of it." " Darby, bring over my favorite ram that this gentleman may see it." " Yes, my lord. Hallo, Sweeper, away for Baldface." In a few minutes the dog hunted the ram up from the flock. " That's a clever turn, my worthy," said the squire, " here's a half-a-crown to drink." " Thanks to your honour,'* said Darby, " but the worth of that in strong drink will serve me a year, and yet I'll spend it on drink all in one night." " Explain this riddle, Darby." " Why, sir, when I feel myself merry enough without it, where's the use in taking it ? That stream can slake my thirst as well.. Yet I'll not speak for others—many a one there are, who must have strong drink to give them false spirits." •• You are a worthy lellow, and a philosopher," said Lord Amplefield, with a look of triumph, as he and the squire rode off. " What say you to my shepherd now ?" "A mighty plausible fellow, indeed! Yet proud as you are of hint, my lord, I bet a score of sheep that before two days I'll make him tell you a barefaced lie, out and out." " Done! said his lordship, the wager was laid, and the squire set on his liemaking expedition. He soon ascertained the cause of Darby's melancholy. There had been a quarrel between him and tbe girl of bis heart, the lovely Cauthleen. Pridj prevented a re conciliation, though both would have given the world to be in each other's arms. To drawing out the secret that *he loved Darby with abeart and a half, and then artfully upbraiding her with unkindness in neglecting the " worthy young fellow," who was dying for her, contrived to inveigle her, by aeries of falsehoods, into a plan to get reconciled to Darby, and while in tbe height of his happiness, to coax the ram from Vim. It succeeded next day to admiration—and the laughing girl tript home, leading the animal with a kerchief taken from her snowy bosom. Darby was now left to solitary reflection. •The hour was rapidly approaching when his lordship usually took his round, and he would infallibly miss his favourite ram— what was to be done i To tell a LIE appeared to his honest mind the very essence of degradation—to EQUIVOCATE, was meanness execrable—yet an excuse must "be had! A sudden thought seized him— he resolved to show how a lie would look before he told it; and planting his crook in the field, and placing his bat on it, in order to personate himself be retired to a little distance, and in the character of his lordship, hailed the effigy as follows : — " Good morrow, Darby.'' " Good morrow, my lord.'* " How are the floiks to-day, Darby ?" " Pretty fair, my lord." " Darby, I don't see my favourite ram— where is he V " Oh, my lotd, he he he •« He what Darby ?" " He was drowna-ed—my—my lord I" "Darby, if L did not know your general character for carefulness, I should feel exceedingly annoyed, but I presume it was an accident. Send the fat and hide up to the castle." That won't do! murmured Darby, slowly turning away. He resolved to try again." " Good morrow Darby." " Good morrow, my lord." " Are the flocks well to-day, Darby? 1 ' " Bravely, ray lord." " And my ram, Darby, where is lie?" " My lord, he lie ." " Is there any thing wrong ? tell me at once." •* He was'sto—len, my—lord." " StolenJ stolen I I saw him this morning as I was riding past! When was he stolen?" " That won't do either,*' exclaimed the poor shephere, as he turoed a way the second time. ' Cruel, cruel Cauthleen !'* Something 6eemed to whisper to bim, "Try perhaps the TRUTH will do!!! \- Fresh courage* .animated _his_ desponding mind, and wheeling about, he recommenced the colloquy, and on coming, to his usual interrogatory, " where's the ram," he dropped on his knees,, and- exclaimed, " Oh, my lord, Lliad a falling out with my sweetheart, and she would not make it up with me unless 1 made her a present of your lordships'^ favourite ram. Discharge me, my lord, do with me what you please,, but 1 could not bring myself to tell your lordship a LIE!*? " That wiil do I" shouted Darby, spring-, ing from his knees, and walking up and down with a feeling of honest exultation. He had scarcely time to compose himself when his lordship and tbe squire appeared. Darby, on the usual interrogation being putt dropped on his knees, and told '< the truth the whole truth, and nothing but the truth;'' and instead of seeing a frown gathering on his lordship's countenance, he beheld him turn with a look of triumph towards the squire, while he exclaimed, " An honest man is the noblest work of God !" The ladies are informed, in conclusion, that the squire's forfeited sheep were given to Cauthleen as a dower, and in taking the hand of her shepherd, she promised never again to put his truth and constancy to so severe a trial. 