VAN DIEMEN'S LAND AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIETY. THE anniversary meeting of this admirable association was held in the Penitentiary Church on Monday evening, there was a crowded and highly respectable attendance. His Excellency Sir W. Denison had consented to preside, and accordingly took the chair. The proceedings of the meeting, as usual, commenced with prayer by the Rev. P. Palmer. The Rev. F. Miller, one of the secretaries, then read the report of Z proccedings of the past year. It was till the factory, and calculated to produce a feeli"Än80aUs" amongst the community to forward the rain gg noble work. The speeches delivered were "r*"1* superior order, and the progress of the society in turns moting the circulation of the Scriptures was JL i"P 1 truthfully narrated. The hopes enteSd H? regeneration of the world, through the efficiency of the Scriptures, were eloquently dilated upon, and he necessity of earnest and unceasing prayer took! the objects of the, society and the salvation of iEli souls. The tribute of affectionate remembrance of IS memory of the recently departed preacher of the Gospel (the Rev. Mr. Garrard,) awakened the symnathiP?"r the audience. The place which he an"3yPTie°( was filled up at his earnest dying request bJtheXv Dr. Bedford wh,, n is expected, will become an active' member of the society. Many interesting facts were he ought under the notice of the meeting with refers to the extension of Christianity, through the ins, up mentality of the society, in India, China, PoWncsk Africa, and even distant habitable part of the globe', while in the home department of the association num berless copies of the Bible had been distributed The following were the resolutions submitted to the meeting, which, it would he almost superfluous to say were unanimously carried :- y* Moved by the Rev. John Lillie ; seconded by the Rev ; R.W. Gibbs- J ' I. That the sport. now read be adopted, and that it be printed and circulated under the direction of the committee. us Moved by the] Rev. Philip Palmer; seconded by Dr Officer- J II. That this meeting views with satisfaction and thankfulness, the extensive circulation of the Holy Scriptures by the agency of the British and Foreign Bible Society, and rejoices to learn that the issues last reported exceed, by nearly half a million, those of any previous year. Moved by the Rev. Dr Bedford ;' seconded by the Rev. A: Manton III. That this meeting, remembering that the sacred volume is still far from being adequately supplied to the inhabitants of this colony, and to the world at large, feel the importance of diligence and perseverance in pm noting the objects of this society, and especially solicit, the active co-operation of parents and masters, and of impertinent',.",. and teachers of Sunday schools. superintendents Moved by the Rev. John Ham ; seconded by the Hf wm Day ; supported by the Rev. George Otter- ' IV. 'But it is incumbent on the friends of this society earnestly to pray that the Holy Ghost the comforter, the Lord and giver of life, may accompany, wherever it comes, the word of his grace clothing it with, power,-, protecting it Rom abuse and prospering it in the thing whereunto He serveth St." Moved by the Rev. Edward Freeman; seconded by Mr. Medland V. That this meeting recognises the wisdom and goodness of God in employing human instrumentality in advancing His cause, and commends to His gracious guidance the officers and committee now appointed for conducting the business of this society during the ensuing year. The collection at the doors amounted to JAS Is. 9d. 