ENGLISH EXTRACTS. (From the Monthly Times, March 1!i.) The Scotch peers met in Holyrood Palace on the 17th of March, for the purpose of electing a representative peer in the room of the late Lord Rollo. The peers present were the Earls ol Huntingdon, Lauderdale,' Leven, Selkirk, Viscount Stormont, Lords Rollo, Colville, Gray, and Polworth. They unanimously elected Lord Gray, of Giay, Forfar, and Kinlauns Castle, Perth. There was a good attendance of spectators, who were admitted by ticket; and the cete muny, although somewhat formal, is interesting. PROCLAMATION FOR A GENERAL FAST. The Gazette of the 12th March contains the following proclamation— VICTORIA R.—We, taking into our most serious consideration the heavy judgments with wliieh God Almighty is pleased to visit the iniquities of this land by a grievous scarcity and dearth of divers articles of sustenance and necessaries of life, and (rusting in the mercy of Almighty God that notwithstanding the sore punishment which He halh laid upon us and upon our people, He will, if we turn to Him indue contrition and penitence of heart, withdraw His afflicting hand, have therefore resolved, aud do, by and with the advice of our privy council, hereby command that a public fan und liu miliation be observed throughout those parts of our United Kingdom called England and Ireland, on Wednesday, the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, that so both we and our people may humble ourselves before Almighty God, in order to obtain pardon of our sins, and may in the most devout and solemn manner send up our prayers and supplications to the Divine Majesty, for the removal of ihose heavy judgments which our manifold sins and provocations have most justly deseived,and under which we at this present time labour : And we do strictly charge and command, that the said public fast be reverently and devoutly observed by all our loving subjects in England and Ireland, as they tender the favour of Almighty God and would avoid his wrath and indignation, and upon pain of such punishment as may be justly inflicted on all such as contemn and neglect the performance of so religious and necessary a duty: And for the better and more orderly solemnizing of tbe same, we have given directions to the most reverend the archbishops, and the right reverend the bishops of England and Ireland to compose a form of prayer suitable to this occasion, to be charged in all churches, chapels, and places of public worship, and to lake care the same be timely dispersed through their respective diocests. Given at our Court at Osborne House, Isle of Wight, 9tli March, 1847. RUNAWAY YOUNG LADIES.—We under- stand that her Majectv has intimated, in a manner not to be misunderstood, that the young ladies of rank who have lately thought proper to elope from their homes, will not be received at Court for the present. This takes us back to the reign of Queen Charlotte. DEATIISIN IRELAND.—Lord G. Bentincfc moved for a comparative return of ihe number of deaths which have occurred in each parish of Ireland in each of the three last periods of six months, commencing the 1st day of September, and ending the 1st day of March respectively, wilh a summary for each period. It was important that lliey should know whether ihe proper course bad been taken in ordei to save human life. There had been two systems in operation. One, the last year, which provided food and maintenance for the people ; and this yearasy&tcm; of political economy, in which all the previous precautions were treated as of no use. It was tor this purpose that he moved for these returns. Mr Labonchere could assure the noble lord and the house that, whatever difficulty there might exist in meelfyg the present motion, he had no wish butjto furnish the fullest information ol the (destruction of human life that had takin place. He regretted it as much as any tnan could do, and lie believed it was goingjon, and would continue to do so, to a fearfujextent. DEATH nv INHAIATIOX TR VAPOUR OF ETIIER.—A coroner's inqitst was concluded on the 15th of Marchjat Grantham, on ihe body of Ann Parkinson, a married woman, aged 21, who died tio days after an operation performed unda the influence of ether. A tumour had fornbd on the leg of the deceased, and by her okn request it was removed while she was uider the in> fluenee of the new antidote to pain. At first the ether took but slipht edict, when the inhalation was repeated, Ind the operation was proceeded with. 9ie said she felt the pain of the incision!, aid after the operation she remained vtry Iveak, continuing in a low state for U'O lays, when she died. A post wor/ewijexamnation was made, and two surgeons i^avekn opinion that the operation had be'fe n sljlfully performed, and there was ever; evience that death had resulted from ihe tapqro! ether, the deceased having inhaled mob than her system would bear. A verdct tcjthis effect was relumed, the surgeon vho performed the operation (and who used ihe jilier with reluctance) being exonerated bjjtlie jury. The post mortem examination denbnstrated that the anterior lobes of the Imin were conjested. This fatal sympom pas presnmed to have arisen from tilt tuepf ether. It is said that her Majerly's (irdon is about to be extended to a great nimber of j convicts at the hulks at Woolwich, whose sentence to hard labour has n:arly;xpired, I and whose exemplary conduc'. hastecom. mended them to'the royal elenenev The Dublin coirespondent ol the iorning Post wril«s on the till instant:—'I hav learned on very good autlioijty,ihat the aflnirs Conciliation Hull" are bting wound up, and.hit ihe concern may be n-crded as about 10 clsl. It is in debt to the amoint of nearly 23001. | PUBLIC WORKS-VThe determination]) reduce the labour on tie public worls by (ie-fifth to he followed by ollir periodical reducons, is regarded as judicioui and necessary, pieded only tlmt relief in ihi shape of food unef the temporary relief net,; should be distribtal ns rnpidly as is consisted wilh ihe orcanisEM, of such an elaborated fid embarrassing !*»m. Thoi there will be diaonieni among thedass which will first be retailed 10 its own resones, end the cultivation of lie soil, is sufficient) |er.- lain; but nil look to tit absorption of thBisbanded mass in the woking of their own pwies or their neighbour's fiells. : T DEATHS DV STARVA'JON.—The uurnallreceived from Limerick, flalway, and yestmith, and from some norlherr^counties alst, conlins accounts of deaths by starvation. SitlUndlph Ilouth has issued instrisiions to relit comiitleeslo appropriate a portion ol their fifds tothe purchase of coffins. | 1 AMERICA.—The ceiitnl relief cot»ciittcfi of the Society of Friends ii Dublin hatreceurd 70001, |>er Cambria, from their tfthren in Atnericn. | The inauguration of Priace Albert ft Ch*ncellor of ihe University of Cambridgepill tcke place this day, the 25ih Match. | PORTSMOUTH.—At the Court MariiaBetd on the 13iti Mur-b, J Savage, A. U-, tvLfound guilty of desertion; his conduct htivin®?en for some time very bail, he was sentenced Receive 50 Inches, to be impiisoned wilh hard lafer, for twelve months, and to loifeit his pay al^rvitude. On the recommendation of Lord Emersion, all men-of-war in fuiuregoing from Eland to tjie coast of Africa, will louch at C&PR; erds, und take a mall. A man-of-war is lo beB ioned there. I The Greenwichout-pcnsion hns been bfaived upon Lieut. F Beckett (1804), an olfifeiromoted lor the hattle of Trafalgar, in uvi he was seniot mule of the Spartiate. * EMIGRATION.—From every county in Iftnd ihete is a perfect stream of emigrants tp he shipping ports,for America. A journal publied in iMullmenr—on the great highway iroii je trans Shaunonite counties, Leitrim and Ua^C}. men, and also from Longford and portio'niif Cavan, as well as Westtneath—states, tliat ^ progress of emigration is perpetual; and fiG, what is lamentable for this country, lliougi must prove advantageous to the colonMs as w as 10 the colonies—* li is Ihe hard workinga industrious class—the CIHSS we should he glad see stay at home—uho emigrate. The first division ol Pensioners enrolled f. service in New Zealund, consisting of 75 rae.j untier the commond of Copt. Ivennv, late STE'< officer ul Sheffield, will embaik in a" few daysjk! thai colony. Tli:s detachment is composed^ m artificers, who are to cliar ihe land and build th. t barrack collages forlhe recently formed battalion Ihe head quaiters of which will shortly be uniei orders for embarkation for the same destina-n lion. d The Ceremony of Presenting new Colours »o d the 43rd regt. took place on the 2Ji,.l March, St" Portsmouth. The new colours having been consecreted, were delivered to Lady Pakenbum, who presented ihem to the regiment. A short address wos delivered by Sir H Pukenhom, which wak replied to by Lieut.-Col. Furlong, and the day's proceedings were terminated by sn entertainment giien tothe non-commissioned officers. \ The Prince de Joinville arrived on the 9th^ instant at Marseilles, and look hi* departure on^ ihe 11th for Toulon, to assume the command of the Mediterranean squadron. The Queen Mother of Spain, accompanied by herhusband, has arrived in Paris. It is scarcely necessary to say that reports of nil kinds hate been circulated as 10 (lie cause of her visit. Immediately 011 the arrival of Queen Christina, she was wailed on by the King ol the French in person,at her residence in tile Rue de Courcelles. The King had a long interview with Queen Christina, and invited her to dine at the Palace of ihe Tuileries, hut her Majesty declined, in consequence of (he fatigue cf her long and hurried journey. The Duke de ltianzarcs dined with ihe Rine. Accounts from Paris announre the important arrangements between Ihe French smt Russian governments lor the purchase by the latter of French Government Slock at the medium price oflhedsy {March liihinsl),lo tlifjBentof 50,000,000f. (2,000,0002.) This sdwill be placed in cuslisl St Pelersburgh, at Iflisposalt of the bank of France. A convenwlo ihet effect has been signed between the bSrnor of the Bank and the Charge d'AfTnirrS Itussia This ccnvenlion lias been apptrg by ihe Council General of the Bank of Fni 1 he accounts /rom the various tm roarkfts of France continue lo *how that prislte still on the advance. The price of cornifso rising in the provinces. Mademoiselle Mars, the riJirnted actress, died at Paris, on Saturday, in dp 96th year ol her age. The Dowager BaragFs of Natorp, Mariana Sessi, who, during (Sards of tliirt) years filled with unboundt/oiat the pari of prima donna on the theatre Jpf San .Carlo fit Naples, of Ihe Scalaat Mill And the Odeon at, Paris, lately died at Vienni after a short illness aged 76. m A letter from the ltaliinronlier, of the 8th instant, fays that nolwiiljftding ihe repressive measures lolten by the Aswan Goverment,great agitation still prevails aimpst the peasants of, Lombardy, owing to tS high price of corn Great anxiety was (elm ihe more opulent classes. Two regimen ff Croats have arrived at Milan, and others are olieir march towards lhat city. All the hopes ttte Lombards are turned towards Piedmont. lMnumber of arrests have taken place at Floras, and throughout ihe Tuscan Btates. At I-itSce a number of seditious pamphlets have beemiblished, and distributed at the Theatre, and tfier public places. GERMANY.—AcniSiis lmve been received at Vienna of a collision GalliciB, between the peasantry and the Mrs,ond numbers of the latter have fallen victimtp the fury of the peasants. If it had not been wr the prompt and energetic interference of t» troops, much blood would have been shed,igB the situation of the Jews is s:i!) most prtcanui POLAND—Acbunts from Warsaw slate that numerous persaohad been arrested at lhat city. A regiment oflipsiun troops ol the line, and a detachment o(»ssacks, have been stationed on the frontier oOfacow. The military manoeu< »res which wrejlo take place in Poland in the summer haveipn postponed till October next, owint; to thelttnperor's intention to accompany ihe Empress?the Crimea. From the Crimea the Eroperointends proceeding to the Caucasus, to inspire wre energy to the troops by his presence, W take a general survey of the country. Sis in vain that many of the forests have been cleared; the man quartered near still stifTer.ipm various diseases. A letter from Warsaw, ifarch 7, gives a report that a person had beenjlen into custody for saying merely, 'I am a Sole.' The [». Dr. Adler, Chief Rabbi of the Jews in the foiled Kingdom, has issued a form of prayer o'be used in the synagogues within his controlon Ihe dny of the general fast. Lett'ts from Vienna >tate that England, Franc.!,' and Austria, have concluded a treaty with tie Porte lor piercing the Isthmus of Suet. By virjue of this treaty, Austria is to undertake the vpiks on the const and in the port or Alexandria; the regulating the course of the Nile is lo be at the expense ol Ei>ypt; France to undertake the roads through ihe desert; and England to restore the port of Suez, and to construct the bnsins and all other necessary establishments, A considerable portion of the lower jaw-bone of n person named Riley, was removed, at the Devonport " workhouse a few days ago, without the slightest pain, Ihe patient being under the influence of ether. lie smiled ond talked while the parts were being dissected Government has prepared a bill to prohibit the interment of corpses in the churchyards of large towns end populous districts. Tut WEI.U.VCTOK STATUE.—Lord Morpeth said it was the intention of the Government to remorc the statue from its present site, and lhat men were already engaged in doing so. He had always understood from members of the subcommittee lhat they were bound to remove it at their oun expense. STEAM NAVIGATION IN AUSTRALIA.—Mr V. Scoit inquired of ihe honourable gentleman the Under Secretary of State for the Colonies, whether it was the intention of the government to grant for the current year i>ny, and what,sums ol money to assist private enterprise in steam navigation in Australia and New Zealand? Mr Danes admitted the importance of the subject 10 which the hon. gentleman had referred, but all lhat he (Mr Ilawes) could at present say in answer to the question of ihe hon. gentleman was, lhat several plans had been laid before the noble lord, the Secretary of State for the Colonial Department, but that bis noble friend was not prepared at the present moment to express any opinion in favour of any one or other of them. The subject had accupied tbe attenlion of his noble friend, and would continue to do so, but he was not yet ^prepared to propose the udvanceofany publfc money for the promotion of ihe object which the hon. gentleman contemplated He (Mr Hawes) would take Ihe present opportunity of observing, lliot if the parlies themselves who were connected with the colonies of Australia and. iV^ty Zealand should evince a disposition to promote iliBt- object, they would, in his opinion, vtry much facilitate the obtaining of a grant of public money for assisting the steom navigatton with those colonies. THE ROVAL FAMILY.—The Queen and Prince Albert and ihe royal children left Osborne on the 17th March for Buckingham Palace. We hear, by express command, her Majesty's estate, hitherto called Osborne House, is henceforth to be called Osborne House; and Barton Manor Farm is in future to be termed Barton House. The Duchess of Kent is expected to leave England shortly after Easter for the continent, proceeding first to Brussels, upon a visit lo her brother the King of the Belgians, and thence to Germany, to pay a visit of two or three months' duration to her Royal Highness' relations at Saxe Coburg and Saxe Goihu, and in some other ol the German States, previously to returning to England. It is stated thai her Royal Highness will probably lake Paris en route 10 this country from Germany, and will be the guest of Louis l'hillippe, at the Tuileries, during her short stay in the French capital. AMERICA —By the packet ship Montezuma we have files of papers . . to ihe Gth instant. Con- K ress odjourned on the 4ih, alter passing a multi- udeol minor bills, the one entitled ihe Three Million bill, which appropriates this sum of oney " 10 enable ihe President to conclude a reaty of peace, limits, and boundaries with the r e P ub,i<: of Mexico, 10 be used by him in Ihe ^nt of that said treaty, when signed by the ulhorised agents ol the two governments and uly ratified in America, shall call for the expeni 'ure of the some, or any port ihereot." The VVilmo1 proviso' (restricting slavery from any iwritory which may be acquired from Mexico), "h' 011 nos becn lnserle,i in the house of repreentotlves, has been lost in the senate. The bill itroduced by Government, for levying a tax of 0 per cent, on tea,and cofiee for revenue purposes ad been finally dereuted. From the army we tve accounts by an arrival at New Orleans, ited Broios, the 39ih ult Ihe correspondent • the Netti York Herald, at Washington, writes ^follows regarding the apprehtnded otlaok of Into Anna on General Taylor's force at iliillo :— 'The intelligence of a prospect of an action «5aliillo is confirmed. All of Gen. Taylor's ^'IOS'S are said lo have been driven in, find an f'ck, if mode at oil, was expected during Ihe I'lewdaysol February. General Taylor's F°taand ut Saltillo would exceed 6000 men. w'y believed that when the Mexicans found ""in such force, the idea of nn attack would be ®k 6 Joned. Very many officer" are slill of °pi',u that Santa Anna meditated no serious '"O^n thai quarter, nnd thai the movement was bin feint, and thai he will lead the main body ofWi forces to Vera Cruz. Rumours have refr.li New Orleans by this arrival that A general cfenent had taken place. The Picauync no credit to them. Much Apprehension "flSfelt at Meiamoras or an attack by Genera) Urrea, who was understood lo be on tbis side of the mountains wilh 4,009 men, 2,000 of ihem not lobe surpassed by any in the Mexican ser. vice; ihe remainder are rancheros. Col. Drake commanding at Metatnoras, has provided wus-' ketsand ammunition for ihe ciliiem in case of an attack, and had sent 10 Point Isabel for teve ral pieces of ordnance; The Picnyunc does not d«eni Ihe danger threatening Meiatnorai very imminent. Troops were embarking at the mouth of the Rto Grand as rapidly OS possible. Gen Worth had not lefi on the 19th, and would not till the whole command was on ship-board It was not supposed lhat Ihe army could move from the island of Lobes before the 18th of March." " Every letter from Madrid," says the Dailu News of last Thursday, tells ihe same lale gives Ihe same picture of the newly-married couple Don Francisco, Ihe King Consort after moping alone and unhappy all day, listening to the prophecies of an inspired nun, and believing himself favoured by tlie visitation of the Holv Ghost, displaying in short every symptom of bigoted idiotcy, creeps lo bed at ten o'clock in the evening. Her Majesty Queen Isabella retires 10 slumber about the hour when her husband Don Francisco is rising. Her scrupulous care is, if possible, never to meet him; never to allow her regard to fall upon the odious personage to whom Ihe moral King of the French sacrificed her—his ambassador assuring her, lhat il she did not marry Don Francisco she should never marry any one. " We shall not follow Ihpyoung queen through her daily scampering Bnd her midnight racket, which evince her royat eagerness to drown care in noise, domestic misery in bustle, and in the semblance of pleasure. No serious blame can be attached to her conduct, except that it is not of lhat dignified arid orderly kind which Spaniards require even in dissipation,and the wont of which in that country monstrously diminishes the respect and loyalty whichshould hedge thelbrone. When any courtier, bolder than the resl, ventures try hint lhat inconsidarate behaviour in Her Mate-.! v halh ihe terrible effect of increasing the chances nnd partisans of the Conde de Montemolln Isabella is said to reply, with a deep feeling of weariness and disgust, that her cousin is welcome to take a throne studied for her wilh thorns, and shared by an idiot." The tidings from Portugal are equall unsatisfactory. Although ihe Queen's cause has been slightly in the ascendant on the score of occasional successes in skirmishes wilh the rebel army, ihe insurgents still remain unsubdued and in possession of Oporto. Well-informed parties on the spot attribute the revolt wholly to a determination on the part of the rebels not to pBy laxes. There are many difficulties in the woy of bringing these obstreporous gentlemen to their senses, and the general opinion is that the matter must beeventually settled by British mediation. Meanwhile, Colonel Wylde remains at Lisbon as Lord Palnierslon'» peacefully emisvary, ond whilst Das Antes eliernotely adds to and diminishes his force by defection on both sides, Saldnnha (whose inertness in not investing Oporto long ago is a general theme of complaint) remains on the banks of Ihe Douro a passive spectator. Belgium has been disturbed by food-riots of a very formidable and embarrassing kind; Recent advices from Si. Petersburg Btate lhat the Empress of Russia continues "in delicate hpaltli, which renders it uncertain whether Urr Majesty will be enabled to undertake her contemplated journey to the southern parts of the Russian dominions. The accouchemcnt of ihe Hereditary Grand Duchess of Russia is expected to lake place at the close of the ensuing month, Letters from Naples announce that a reconciliation has taken place hptween the Prince of Capua and his brother, the King ol Naples. The wile of the former is to be received at court, and is to have the title of Duchess ofMascnli. The Prince is 10 allowed an appanage of 60,000 ducats, and arrears to th» amount of 150,000 ducats. His sons, as Princess, are 10receive the BDnunl income of 6000 ducats, and a marriage portion of 30,000 ducnls. This news hod caused a great sensation. The Furlough Memorial will not be allowed to sleep any longer. Mr. Ewart took leave publicly to ask Sir John llobhouse on Tuesday last, whether any suggestions for Ihe improvement of the present furlough regulations had been received in Cannon-row from Ihe Directors, and whether the Board intended 10 approve of, and act upon, those suggestions. To which the Rt. Hon. the President replied, " That a system of furlough regulations, both with respect to the military and civil services was under anxious consideration, and thai it would he wrong to come to any conclusion on <0 important a subject without il." We know it has been intimated quietly several limes within a fortnight to the chairman of the East India Company, and also to Sir John C. Ilobhonse, by more M P's than one, that a decision must become to, and thence we suppose tbe reason ibis long trifled-wilh subject has within the last few days emerged from the committee, and is now before the court. We hear that opinion varies very much, and we fear great disappointment will be experienced at the ultimate determination ol the authorities here. A few months now, if not weeks, will devetope the great alteration in Ihe machinery, which il has taken years to accomplish. 