FAREWELL TO THE P OPE! OR, REA50NS FOR RENOUNCING THE CHURCH OF ROME. BY J. J. MAURETTB. £afe Priest of the Parish of Scrre (Ariege) (continued) And here, methinks, Bsuhfiudes .will |e,xclaim ; 44 The Church pf Rome then is idolatrous !" Trul.r, brvihreo, the Church of Rome is idolatrous ! Ii is idolatrous in its canons : il is. idolatrous in us incense in. its flowers, in its vases of gold and siiver, in its lamps, in its crowns, in its fine linen, iu its silks, in its processions, and in its ornaments. Ii is idolotrons, thanks to the decree or tne se cond Council of Nice, with respect to. the worship of images I consider it a-tolatrous, inasmuch as masy of its divines grauted that the Cnrisliaii9 of old re frained during several centuries, . from worshipping the images and addressing the saints in prayer, be cause that custom savoured too much of pagan idola try. Is ii not such an admission sufficient to con demn that Church ? Now that I have dealt with this point, may I be permitted, dear reader, to address ypu iu the words of Joshua to the people of Israel, when he had given liiein the promised land, 4 Choose ye this day whom ye shall serve," Choose ye then now, dear reader, whom ye shall serve, the living God or idols 1 Oh, that you may say with Joshua: 4 As for me and ray house, we will serve the Lord.' Joshua xxi 15. The Bishop has excommunicated me, because I have said that our prayers should be offered up and Divine service performed, in a tongue easy to be un derstood, by which means only can the faithful be reclaimed to the fulfilment of their religious duties, more especially those among them who dwell in the country, these generally refraining . altogether, rom attending at their churches. Let us carefully si't this question, and no doubt the conclusion we shall arrive at will enable us to judge whether my Lotd Bishop was justified in de claring me accursed. St Paul devoies the whole of the fourteenth chap ter of his'first epistle to the Corinthian to shew that it is alike : contrary to reason and to the edification of Christians, iQ perform Divine servrce in an unknown tongue. His arguments'ou this subject- are uncon trovertible, and I recommend them to the reader's meditation, al hough I must to avoid prolixity, ne glect to insert them tn these pages, Erasmus, in his notes on this chapter, expresses his unbounded sur prise at .the practice of the Romish Church in his time, 4 It is astonishing" he says, 44 what changes the church hua undergone in this respect. St Paul would rstfier have spoken five words with his under standing, that by h voice he might teach others also, than fen thousand words tn an unknown ; tongue," — The Church of R 'tne should I think have attended io the words ol a writer whose authority it so highly valued. St. Bisil Bishop of Cesarea, who lived in the fourteenth ceutury, says, that 44 it is the custom alike in .all ehujehes that every one should pray to God in his own language/ Epistle 63., St, Ambrose, Bis hop of Milan, who lived towards the end of the fourth century, says with St. Paul, " If ye call the church together that it may receive edifying, utter by the ton gue, words easy to be understood." And Origen sj)S that 1 the Greeks, in their prayers .make use of the Greek language, and the Latins of the Latin langu age; and thus every one prays in his own langu- The above passages led us to the conviction, that dbringihe golden age of ihe primitive church, all Christians were wout. to .pray in their respective lan guages; and this custom, according to the confes sion Of the Roman divifies themselves; prevailing even beyond the first six centuries. Cassandre tells us, .that Cardinal. Cajetsqi declared that it were .desirable that this custom should be rf.ordained. And when censured for having expressed himself to .that .effect, hedefended himself by stating, that he derived this opinion from the Gospel according to St Paul. Car dinal Bvllarmin himself grants, that the Arm- nians, the Egyptians, the Ethiopians, the Russians and oth er nations have retained, even'unto these times, their liinfi».u in innniii>« ' oasu In hp unrlpratcn I " MtUlg'VO III v w «»- — - - Such, however, has ceased to be the case in the Romish Cnureh ever since' the reign of Gregory I. Bishop of Rome, . in the year 604 ; indeed it wduld appear "on the contrary, . sincerely attached to the op posite. practice, arid deefris it not ouLy an extremely useful, but also a neeessary custom, inasmuch us Gregory VII, enjoins to the King oi Bohemia the or-1 der to forbid the performance of divine service in 4 a tongue easy to be understood," .aud commands hitu. to bring all his power to bear upop those who should not comply with this order, the execu tion of which warranted, according to his views, the strictest mea sures, since tie opined that it was far preferable to imprison the unhappy people and even condemn them to death,. than suffer them to' be acquainted with the object oi their prayers to the Almighty. But.we .will dismiss these thoughts, and, step by step, follow up the argument with the Romish di vines, Let us therefore ask them, whether it is neces sary that we should know what we do in matters ol religion. Whether it is not true that prayer is one cf tlie most solemn acts of religion? Why, then, should we hot be acquainted with the object of our prayers, as well as with the object 'of Any other religious worship. Is it true that it is to be desired that the people shonld have recourse, in their pri- vatedevotions, to a language that is under-tood by them? Taking lor granted that they have ansyvere ! me in the affiima>ive, .I beg tonquire why the peo ple should not offer up. in a like manner, their pub lic prayers to God ? Are the public prayers the less religious? Aie they less acceptable to the A'mighty or are they less capable of edifying men-<-of appeal ing to their hearts ? tn what respect do they differ. The greater the attention I eive to tins subject, the less 1 can see how it may be proved, with any plausi bility, that the people should not understand what ihey say and what they sing in their publ c as well well as in their private prayers. II man cannot in dividually pray to God with sincerity, and from the bottom of bis heart, unless be should know what he is praying for, neither can he, it would appear to me, pray to God .with sincerity, aod from the bot tom o fills heart, when he is psent at public prayer offered up by the priests in a language riot easy to be understood. If it is sufficient that be who .offici ates should understand what he'says why does he not pray in the church alone ? Bfit the very act of granting that The priest understands the' prayers that he offers up, is in i tself a tacit admission that there are some for whotn It is. bVttbr ' to ' Understand than not rinderstand ; and if such is the cgse with the priests, why sbbuldjit not tie so with the people ? With the view of rendering this point of easier perception still will add, that the1 sole . object ol these investigations is td know whether it is to be de sired $&t; the; people .should 'be edified 'by Divinte': service, and hetbeir it is desiiable thai the Church should issue commands contrary to the edifieation of the people. And inaeed it is evident that the- per. (ormance of Divine service in an unknown tongue is of no avail whatever to the people. It is in fact no longer a public service, inasmuch as priest alone understands what he says, for can. we call those sprayers public which ace offered up in the presence of men unable to join in them? And can the peo ple with one accord call upon God to grant their re quest without knowing what they are asking for ? Of what use is it to read passages of the Scriptures to the people if they, can learn nothing from them. Is it not as if we would teach any one the French lan guage by reading to him every day from the pages of an' Arabic or Persian hook, of which he was un able to understand one single word? The Romish divines say, that the worship of the the people is of a general nature ; tbat they attend church with the intention of serving God, and that this;worship is acceptable to God albeit the people do not understand,, individually, the- prayers that are offered up to. God, and tho passages of the Scriptures that are read to them. Rut is this tbe only object of the Divine service ? does St. Paul require nothing more?Has he not said that the 'understanding should be edified' by each and every mode of divine worship? Has he not said that otherwise the people are not;edified, that -they are incapable of participating in tbe :p.rayers and thanksgivings; and, 4 that if there come in those that are unlearned, or unbelievers, will they not .say that they are mad!" lC'or. xiv. Moreover, if the worship, of the people is of a ,ge- neral nature, it is because they uuderst&nd; the iuteo Ition of their worship ; wh refure then should they not understand each and every mode of divine ser vice, aud thus be permited individual worship? Our pieiy must needs keep pace with our uuderstinding, and with regard to the benefit we may derive from pra-ers that we undeistand iio;, it were as well we sho ild absent ourselves altogether. Tne Romish divines add, that' it is to God we ad dress ours ; that he hears tnem, that he uuder9tauds tht-m, and that nothing mote is needed. But what evil consequences would arise, if all those who address' God in prayer uadeistood what they say ? and how can Ihey beseech God to grant their requestsunless they all know whst they are requesting ? Does not, prayer form . part of the Christian worship 1 And. is. uot this worship 4 a good law." Rom xiv. Now how can a law be called good, when it is neither guided by the light of un derstanding, nor attended with the<movementsof the heart ? How would the Romish divines, vindicate the act of reading passages of the Scriptures in a tongua qn known to the people ? Are the lessons and the ex hortations therein contained addressed to God, or to the people oply ? Has not God intended them for the edifieation of the people? And if it is not with this view that they are read, of what avail is it to read them at all ? Is it po>sible to instruct man by din ning his ears with words he does not understand ? Is it uot a somewhat unusual mode of imparling, know ledge, to conceal from the people that which they ough I to learn ? And is not tho act of reading the Scriptures in an unknown tongue as little conducive to the edification, as if this reading were entirely omitted, or some other book read in their stead, inas much as in like manner that the difference in colour canpot be perceived during the night, it matters not what words are used addressing meu who cauoot un derstand them. ' The following is another argumentjof which. the Ro mish divines are wont to avail themselves to prove the necesshy. of performing Divine service in a lan guage unknown to the' people ; itis desirable, they' say, that every one should worship-God in the same language. And pray for whom is it desirable. Is it desira<- ble for God or lor the people? Evidently not for God, since he hears and understands all other langu ages as well as the Latin language, ..and all .are, no doubt, equally acceptable to him. It js not desirable for the people, the greater number of whom under stand their own language only, and must needs find irksome the necessity of woishiping -the almighty., without knowing how far their prayers are acceptable Perhaps these divipes mean that such a custom is desirable for the Church of Rome, because that it considers, the fact that ail nations worship God in the language which was originally its own nuive langu age, may be broughf forward as a proof that the Church of Rome is indeed the Catholic and Univer sal Church ; aud in this fact the Church of Rome would trust to reclaim all nations to its. bosom, with out moreover the necessity ol enlightning them. Jf the above be the meaning of the Romish divines, 1 am bound to co fess that such a cus'om is iedeed very beaeficiai to their Ch.urch, inasmuch as igno rance, withholding irom men the ; ower of argument and subjecting them to the will of those whose men tal capacit es are superior to their owb, is, for those reasons, a very desirable attribute; whereas know ledge and talent are in the opinion of the Romish clergy, as lit le to be wished . for, as they are attended with difficulties. The Bishop has excommunicated me, because I have said ; "1st. That the bloodless sacrifice of the mass is not a real sacrifice, 2nd That the sacrifice was incapable of remitting the sins of the living and <he dead. 3rd Thai the sacrifice offered up. by Jesus Christ is tbe only real, sacrifice, 4th That Jesqs Christ has net . ordained priests to offer up his body and -blood. 5th -That-the so called sacrifice of the mass is derived Rom the pagans, and not irom Jesus Christ or from his . Apostles. . . Let us examine these five heads, as briefly, but as clearly as possible, I I nave said that the bloodl -ss sacrifice of the frizes is not a real sacrifice', inasmuch as wheie there is no: victim, there is no sacrifice. -Now, according to the doctrine of the Church of Rome itself, Jesus Christ is not immojated on theaitar. -They-are, then, bound to acknowledge, however un willing" they may be so to do, that there was never a real sacrifice ot a living victim, in which the victim yvas not put to death. The Romish divines say, that 44 Jesus Christ is .on the aitar-SVo'f their Church,. in the figure of ideaih only, and invested with those types which are asstgBed to his death." This statement then leads us to be lieve that Jesus Christ is sacrificed on , the altar, in the like manner that he d ies on the altar ; and since i<is death in that case is figerati.ve, his sacrifice is al so fi.U'ative. He does not, actually, really die on the altar, therefore is he not there offered up a real sacrifice. II. I have said b&t; -the bio, off lesjt sacrifice of the mass w,as incapable of reuniting tfie sins of the living, aod the .dead ; inasmuch as ct. Paul expressly says in his epistle tp the Hebrews ix. 22. Without shed.> ding of blood is no remission.' And Heb. x. 18 ; " Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for siu." III. i have Said that the sacrifice offered :by Jesus. Christ on the cross should not be repeated., because the VVord of God has given to that only sacrifice- the. following attributes ;— ' 1\. Tbe-red.e.mptiQi! of the, Church for we read iu the Acts of the Apostles xx.?8, . . ". Take heed 'here- fore unto yourselves, and to? all "the .flock over which the Iioly Ghost hath made you overseers, : to Teed the Church of God, which he hat'a purchased with his own blood. ; S. The accomplishment of the Divine will for the remission of sin, in the words of St. Paul, iu his epistle to the. Hebrews tx ; 26. f! But now once in the end of the world hath he appeared lQ. put away sin by the sacrifice of himself/' 3- Our sanciificatiou, for. -St. Paul tells u;, " By the which will we are sanctified, through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ -once lor ail.'. 4\. Our perfection accord ing to the words of St Paul o the IIebiew8, x. J4, ' For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sancti fied . 5\. And the redemption of the faithful ; inasmuch St; Paul tells us, that 4' Neither by the bloop ot goals and calves, but by Iris own blood, he (Jesus) entered in oncri '/in' the holy' place having obtained - eternal redemption for. us." Heb. ix. 12. Besides, this .repealed obiation would have us believe in the insufficiency pf the first oblation : and indeed, our Saviour's offering of his body to God, his Father, was1 insufficient, or the daily repetition of that oblation is of no avail whatever; inasmuch as if thepblfition.pri the cross is insu|5cierif, every other pblation is su- perfluous; or if the other oblations are not spperfiu- bus,1 the oblation onithecrpss-is igsufficierit. IV. I have said that Jesus Christ has not ordained pri.eBl3 to offer up :his body and blood ; for the criptgres teach us that Jesus Christ is the only, priest of the eternal covenant, and that to him .Alone it is.given to offer sacrifice for sin. 