THE EDITORS' PORTFOLIO. THE GERMAN NIGIIT WATCHMAN'S SONG.* Hark ! while I slog, bur village clock The hoar of Eight, good sirs, ha» struck. Eight sduU aluoe trnra death were kept When Qod the earth with deluge swept : Uole.-s the Lord to guard ns deign, Man wakes and witches all in vain. Lord, through ihine all-prevailine might, Do thou vouchsafe in a good night ! Hark ! while 1 Mng-, our village clock The hour of Nine, tiood sira, has struck. Nine lepers eloansed returned not ;— Be not thy blessings, man, fortroi ! IJflle^ the Lord lo gu*rJ us deign, Man wakes and wa'chtM all it) vain. Lord, through ihine all prevailing m'ght, Do thou vuuchaafe u» a good night ! Hark ! while I sing, our village clock The hour of Ten, good sirs, h*s struck. Ten precepts shew God's holy will ;— ] O may we provn obedient still 1 U a less the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and watches all in vain. Lord, through thine all- prevailing might, Do thou vouchsafe us a good night ! Hark ! while I s-ing, our village clock The hour Eleven, gcod s-rs, has struck. Eleven apostles remained »rne; — May we be like that faithful few ! Unless the Lord «o guard us deign, Man wakes and watches *ll in vain. Lord, through thine al!-prev.u!ing niigh', Do thuu Vouchsafe us a good night 1 Hark! while I ging, our tillage cluck Tim hour of Twelve, good sirs, has 9 truck. Twelve is of time the bouudary ; — Man, think, upon Eternity ! Unless the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and watches nil in vain. ?..'-.rd, through thine ail prevailing might, Di thou vouchsafe us a good night ! Hark ! while I sing, our village clock The hour of One, good sirs, has struck. One God alone reigns over all ; Naught can without his will befal : Unless the Lord t-- guard us deitrn, Man wakes and watcbes all in vain. Lord, through thine all-prevailing might, Do thou vouchsafe us a good night ' Hark ! while I sing, our village clock The hour of Two, good sirs, has struck. Two ways to walk man has b*en giveo ; Teach me the right — the path to heaven I Unless the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and wa ches all iu vain. Lord, through thine all-prevailing might, iJo thou vouchsafe us a goud night 1 Haik ! while I sing, our village clock Tiie hour of Three, good sir.-, has struck. Th ce Gods in one, exalted most— The Father, Son, end Holy Ghost. Unless the Lord to guard us deign, Man wakes and watches all in vain. Lord, through thine all-prevailing might. Do ihun vouchsafe us a good night ! Hark ! whilo I sing, our village clock Tho hour of Four, good sirs, has struck. Fi.ur seasons crown tho farmer's care ; Thy heart witli equal toil prepare ! Up ! up ! awake nor slumber on ! The morn approaches, night is gone ! Thank God, who by his power and might -Has watched and kept us through this night ! 