THE MIGHT OF MAMMON. Everybody knows that in all (so called) civilised countries, a certain influence attaches to the man who happens to be the possessor of money; but it is not, perhaps, univireally known that in no country on the face of (be earth is so potential as it is in England. What money will procure,stated hy way of simple proposition, it needs not the ghost of Cresus escaped out of its utn, to tell us. Evervtbing that i6 vendible is of course at 'he command ofhim tfho h&6 the wberetriiba! to purchaM it, but in this free, enlightened, and glorious country of ours, many lbinga are bought and sold which do not, at tbe first glance, or even after an attentivo observation, seem to be precisely tbe sort of articles which ought properly to bo made matters of bargain and sale. The degree of respect paid in England to tbe representative of so much coin, amounta to n species of idolatry. In myriad of cases this worship is of the most unconscious end disinterested kind. Even where tbe devotee bas no reason to suppose that be shall he one farthing the better for prostrating himself before bis idol—even when lie of the money-hug does cot for a moment intend the udvoa» tage of bis cieature, and when he does not mean, or bas not the power, to do him au injury; nevertheless an object homage is paid which shows irresistibly thui the wherewithal is worshipped for itself alone. It fellows, as a natural consequence, that the wretch who happens to be without this peouliar claim to respect, comes in for tbat share of conten.pt and disgust which may be expected iu a land where money is held in higher veneration tban morals— nay, where ungilded is rather of evil report lhan otherwise. The late Sydney Smith said, thai to be poor in Euglaodis to he infamous. Jt was a plain, hardspoken truth, which scarcely one oat of a thousand but irouJd proaoance fjJae or a calumny; but which half of the thousand daily do their best to verify. Johnson also bas told us that— "Slow litres worth by poverty depressed;" the reason being, not that the actual poverty of the worthy man is the chief obstacle, but that the fact of his beiup poor is of itself au argument aguinsi bis possession of worth. This is a very arulocrane country. What opinion* the mass of the people may Imvo lormed, und may from time to lime ezpjFis, of ibe English nobility there never wos a time when that nobility held themselves more haughtily aloof, or segregated themieWes more assiduously from tbe body of their fellow countrymen. Yet, fond as ihay are of their high Bnd ancient biitb—glory, as tbey deem it, tbat iheir ancestors "came in" with the Norman bastard, commonly called tbe conqueror—one good quality in & commoner kindly commends itself lo iheir respectful consideration, aod that is, weahb. Lei him be otherwise wbal he may, so be be a miui wiih B stake in the country, we're for him. " He is one of us." He is a man of wealib and station. His wealth claims end has allowed the station; and all with one consent acknowledge it. Wealth and station, tben, are words, representatives of tbiogs, to conjure by in England, and strenge conjuration and mighty magic are effected by tbem from dar to day. In order to elucidate, we must once more allude to certain proceedings that are constantly taking place iu our police-courts, which are as constantly reprobated by the press, but which no censure, however public, appears able to meet. A well dressed ruffian is biougbt before a magistrate charged with a violent assault; a gin-bewildered journeyman or laborer, is similarly charged, aod takes his place by the side of " tbe gentleman." His worship does not exactly decide in the words of Scripture," The one shall be taken and the other left," but tbe poor man is taken to prison for two or three months, and tbe gentleman bas to p&y; a fine of five pounds. Now, not to dwell upon tbe fact, which is often urged, that in many cases ibe five pound fine is merely a trifling punishment to tbe well.dressed roffian ; it w ill be found that, in tbe majority of instances, the poortnuo, for an exactly similar offence, pays much more than ibe other. Not to apeak of tbe disgrace end misery of a two months' imprisonment, supposing suoh to be tbe time whicb a journeymen or laborer is sentenced, the wages which be would be deprived of earning, would, at a moderate computation, amount to nearly double tbe eum thfi; 1 gentleman" paid, just before be made his exit from the office, congratulated by his friends." Bnt it is said a magistraie cannot inflict a higher penalty tban five pounds. Hut he can, we see, commit to prison, or send for trial at tbe sesions, neither of which does be ever do in such esses, when he has a gentleman to des] with. Again—thare is scaicely a crime, however odious, but bail will be taken for it, if it be charged against " abighy respectable man." In tbe case of a pour man, known to he poor, bail, of course, is never mentioned ; because there is little or no likelihood tbat be could obtain it. He is sent to prison to abide hta trial; while the friends of tbe other enter into recognizances nnd walk away, arm in-arm with the prisoner* "If I had bought a pardon, before I left England," saya Sir Welter Raleigh, when tbey snatched a judgment against him, for en alleged offence committed fifteen years before, " I should have been sate." Bought a pardon! Th« thing was common enough iu the first James's reign ; •nd we now turn up our eyeB at it in horror, I3ut what is bail but buying a pardon ; or, if it be not exactly that—selling lor a certain sum tbe means of escape from puoUhmentl But it is urged, would it not he a very bard thing to incarcerate a man for months, awaiting bis trial for an offeoce of whicb he may he pronounced innocent when he is tried V But we eee that whenever a man cannot get bbil he is so incarcerated. But it is further pleaded—' It is still harder to incarcerate a man tinder such circumstances, when we remember that ibe spirit of Engliab Jaw is that every man shall be leputed innocent until be is foand guilty/' What the true meaning may ba of this much vauuted saying, touching the spirit of English low we do not know. If there be more meaning in it than tbat we do not sentence inen before they a»e tried, we are unable to discover it. The truth is—*and it can hardly be otherwise—the English law assumes the direct contrary of that which is claimed for it- It 88somes that a men is guilty until he is found to be innocent; or it would not put bim in prison or exact bail for him. It is bsnl to imprisoo a man who may turn out to be innocent; but it is harder for justice to let a man go free, after fieding security for a certain aum, when he may be guilty. The system of bail is a concession to the influence of money. Under thiB system a man may commit s crime and purchase impunity. But the iofiuence of wealth and rank pervades the country. It is seen end ielt everywhere. It will not be altogether apart from our subject if we notice briefly & little business tbat is now transacting, which shows what impressioo the mere ownership of rank can produce in a quarter where be might least expect to find it acknowledged; where, at least, it is most indecent to find tbat it is so—we mean at one ot 1 our universities, I be.late Duke of Northumberland was Chancellor ot tbe University of Cambridge* We mean oo durespectto that nobleman's memory, when He say tbat be was, mentally speaking, a very ordinary person. Then, why WBB be chosen to be chancellor? He was a duke, and one of ibe 'wealthiest, if not tbe .most wealthy, of our peers. The beads of tbe university are about to choose his successor. But now jfl^is mentions stsoce. When James I. created bis fsrourite, BoSert ^rr, "Lord' ttocVeiter. end ulroostlmmedielely afterwards Earl -of Somerset, this very university entreated, the stupid and ignorant minion 10 become their efcVncellor ' And wby did tbey do this 7 Tfcer did jt-out of « base and abject desire to please tbe monarch. Moreover, Somerset was a man of rank, Bnd in their records stands the name, and In one of tbeir bells bangsprobablv tbe portrait of a man who was sentenced 10 death for the murder of Sir Thomas (treiburyl One of tbeir own sons—whose reputation at thai time was unturned -one of their greatest eons, the illustrious Bacon, was passed ov«r unregarded. Aod now tbey declare tliat it is expedient tbat tbeir chancellor should be a peet of the realm -' Some ere for Earl Powia, the brother.in law of the late Duke of Northumberland ; some for the Mavqtiis of Northampton ; hot the majority »bmk It would be well to ask Prince Albert to permit biniBelf to be put in oomi: nntioo. The same evil spirit, we perceive, is still in the ascendant; tbat vile'prostrating sycophancy which degrades the sctor hardly more than it disgraces tbe object of it. We do not ask what fitness for tbe appointment attaches 10 Prince Albert* We Qbk what claim can be put forward on bis bebalf which be must not blush to bear preferred 1 We believe the Prince to be amiable undacoomplUhel. Tbe uDiversities by going a begging lor chancellors amougmeoot rank, have made the office of chancellor one tbat can confer honour on nobody. We trust that Prince Albert will not permit this gTeat nesB to be tbruat upon faim. 