THE MIGHT OF M&AMMON; Everybody knows that in all (so called) civilised countries) a certain influence attaches to the man who happens to be a possessor of money; but it is not, per haps. universally known that in no country on the face of the earth is it so potential as it is in England. What money will procure, stated by way of simple propo sition, it needs not the ghost of Crceius escaped out of its urn, to tell u;, Every thing that is vendible is of course at the command of him who has the wherewithal to purchase it, but in this free, enlight ened, and glorious country of ours, many things are bought and sold which do not, at the first glance, or even afer an atten tive observation, seem to be prec;sely the sort of articles which ought properly to be made matters of bargain and sale. The degree of respect paid in England to the representative of so much coin, amounts to a species of idolatry. In myriads of cases this worship is of the most unconscious and disinterested kind. Even where the devotee has no reason to suppose that he shall be one farthing the better for prostrating himself before the idol-even when he of the money-bag does not for a moment intend the advan. tage of his creature, and when he does not mean, or has not the power, to do him an injury; nevertheless an abject homage is paid which shows irresistibly that the wherewithal is worshipped f r itself alone, It follows, as a natural consequeance, that the wretch who hap' pens to be without this peculiar claim to respect, comes in for the share of contempt and disgust which may be expected in a land where money is held in a higher veneration thian morals--nay, where the ungilded is rather of evil report thau otherwise. The late Sydney Smith said, that to be poor in England is to be Infamous. It was plain, hard-spoken truth, which scarcely one out of a thousand but would pronounce false.or a calumny ; but which half of the thousand daily do their best to verify. Johnson also has told as that "Slow rises worth by poverty depresseJ ;" the reason being, jnot that the actual po. vertylof the worthy man Is the chief obstacle, but that the fact of his being poor is of itself an argument against his possession of worth. This is a very aristocratic coun try. What opinions the mass of the peo ple may have formed, and may from tims to time express, of the English nobility, there never wasa time when that nobility held themselves more haugtily aloof, or segregated themselves more assiduously from the body of their fellow countrymen. Yet, fond as they are of their high and ancient birth-glory as they deem it, that their ancestors . came in' with the Norm to bastard, commonly called the conquierer- one good quality in the com moner kindly commends itself to their respectful consideration, and that is, wealth. Let him be otherwise what he may, so he be a man with a stake in the country, it is well for him, 'lie is one of us.' He is a man of wealth and station. His wealth claims and has allowed the station; and all with one consent acknow ledge-it. Wealth and station, then, are words, representatives of things, to con jure by in England, and strange conjura. lion, and' might and magic are effected by them from day to day. In order to elucidate, we must once more allude to certain proceedings that are constantly taking place in our police-conrts, which are constantly reprobated by the press, but which no censure, however public, appears able to meet. A well dressed ruffian is brought before a magistrate charged with a violent assault; a gin bewildered journeyman or laborer, is similarly charged, and takes his place by the side of' the gentleman.' His worship does not exactly decide in the words of Scripture, 'The one shall be taken and the other left,' but the poor man is taken to prison for two or three months, and the gentleman has to pay a fine of five pounds. Now, not to dwell upon the fact, which is often urged, that in many cases the five pound fine is merely a trilling punishment to the well-dressed ruffian; it will be found that, in the majority of instances, the poor man, for an exactly similar offence, pays much more than the other. Not to speak of the disgrace and misery of a two months' imprisonment, supposing such to be the time which a journeyman or laborer is sentenced, the wages which he would be deprived of earnling, would, at a moderato computa. tion, amount to nearly double the bum the "gentleman' paid. just before he made. his exit from the ollice,' congratulated by his friends.' But it is said a magistrate cannot inflict a higher penalty than live pounds. But he can, we see, commit to prison, or send to trial at the sessions, , neither of which does he ever d3 in such _. .. . . . M'?, ,? ,,,,, ? ? -.l : £ ? . with. Again there is scarcely a crime, however odious, but bail will be taken for it, if it be charged against a ' highly respectable man.' In the case of a poor man, known to be poor, bail of coursej is never mentioned; because there is little oi no likelihood that he could obtain it. He sent to prison to abide bis trial; while the friends of the other enter into recognizances and walk away,arm in-arm with the prisoner. 'If I had bought a pardon, before I left England,' says Sir Walter Raleigh, when they snatchtd a judgment ngalnst him, for an nlleged offence committed filteen years before. 'I should have been safe.' Bought a pardon! The thing was common enough in the first James's reign; and we now turn up our eyes at it In horror. But what is bail but buying a pardon; or, it it be not exactly that-selling for a cer tain sum the means of escape from punish. ment? But it is urged, would it not be a very hard thing to incarcerate a man for months, awaiting 'his trial for an offence of which he may be pronounced innocent when he is tried ?' But we see that whenever a man cannot get bail he is so incarcerated. iut it is further pleaded-'It is still harder to in carcerate a matn under such circumstances, when we remember that the spirit of English law is t'lat every man shall be reputed innocent until he is found guilty.' What the true meaning may be of this much vaunted saying, touching the spirit of.English law we do not know. It there be more meaning in it than that we do not sentence men before they are tried, we are unable to discover it. The ,i tnh is--and it can hardly be otherwise :-the English law assumes the direct contrary of that which is claimed for it. Itr assumes that a roan is guilty until he is found to be innocent-or it would not put him in prison or accept bail for him. It is hard to imprison a man who may turn out to ie innocent-but it is harder for justice to let a man go free, after finding security for a certain sum, when he may be guilty. The system of bail is a concession to the influence of money. Under this systsm a man may commit a crime and purchase impunity. But the influence of wealth and rank pervades the country. It is seen and felt every where. 