•— "-v 1—— RESIDENT MAGISTRATES' COURT. Wednesday, 22nd September, 1847. civil. JURISDICTION. JBeare v. Lewis.—Adjourned for a week. Walker v Ellison.—A case of some interest. Plaintiff is farmer of the tolls at the G!en Osmond bar. Defendant had been employed by Peter Peachey Esq to convey his ores for washing and to bring back the washed ores. He had to pass through the gate several times a day. althongh the shaft and the washing ground are both on Mr Peachey's property. That gentleman had arranged with Walker to pay the entire toll in a lump. The question was whether under the private act the dray was to be considered "a public carriage working for hire," and liable to pay toll for each time it passed the gate (in other word, a hackney coach), or whether one ticket would free it for the day. His Worship said the question was important; and took time to consider of his judgment. Phimtrier v. Raulf.—For £2 13s Sd. PlaintifiF claimed for mowing and reaping, but being unable to produce evidence bearing on the question, failed to recover. Haussen v. Fouttis —Plaintiff claimed £5 9s 6d for clothes supplied t« defendant, who edmhted their delivery, but disputed the charges, lie also filed a set-off of £9 106 for the making of a dray. The accounts were complicated, and had already been the subject of arbitration. After a ridiculous display of old clothes, which appeared personally, and of a vilified dray, or ra ber its ghost—for the memory of its faults survives its existence—the parties agreed, by his Worship's advice, to settle matters, if possible, out of court; shou'd thev fail to do so, the case will be proceeded with on Wednealav ne*t Smeaton v. Stephens.—A. disputed bill for making a ne« shop front. Adjourned. Giles v. Ford and Hill.—Same x. Benfield.—The South Australian Company, by their registered officer, had sued for rent of sections al eged to be held by defendants under written agreements signed by the latter only in a book kept by the Company. The cases had been argued, and judgment reserved. His Worship said that he had given full consideration to the point, and felt even more certain than he bad been before, that the agreements were not bindin?. Those which had been signed, or marked, by ptraons who conld not write, were especially invalid, as there was no evidence thai they had been read over and explained. But he doubled if under the Act establishing that court, he had power to interfere iu such cases. 'Ihe summonses most be dismissed. 