British Extracts. EXCOMMUNICATION OF A GERMAN PRINCE. BRESLAU (Prussia), April 22.---The Prince Arch- bishop of Breslau, has launched the thunders of the Church against one of the German Princes. He has excommunicatedl the Prince of Hatzfeld de Tracembourg and de Jaschkowitz, member of the Order of Nobles in the General Diet of Prussia, at present assembled in Berlin, and one of the richest and most influential Princes in Prussia. The fol- lowing are the circumstances which have led to such an act of rigour on the part of the Church so uncommon in the present century. About five years ago, Prince Germain de Hatzfeld, who is a Roman Catholic, fell in love with the Duchess of Reichembach, a married lady, and a Protestant. For some reason, of which we do not know the par- ticulars, the Duchess of Reichembach got herself divorced. Soon afterwards, in virtue of a royal decree, abridging the delay which according to our laws must take place between the divorce and the re-marriage of any of the divorced parties, the Prince of Hatzfeld got the Lutheran Pastor of Breslau to give him the marriage blessing. There- after the Prince of Hatzfeld was anxious to have his marriage made valid according to the rites of the Catholic Church, and for this purpose he applied to several ecclesiastics to perform the marriage ceremony, but they all refused on the ground that they were forbidden to do so by the decisions of the Council of Trent, and more especially by a brief ad- dressed in 1843 by the late Pope Gregory XVI. to the Bishops of Bavaria, and in which the Sovereign Pointiff designates a marriage between a Catholic and a divorced Protestant as connubium adulter- inum. The Prince of Hatzfeld, however, did not lose courage. He went to Rome, threw himself at the Pope's feet---and supplicated his Holiness to confirm his marriage with the Duchess of Reichembach. Gregory XVI. was moved, and after having received from the Prince of Hatzfeld a solemn promise that he would support the interests of the Catholic Church, his Holiness validated the marriage of the Prince and Princess of Hatzfeld, and gave orders to the Prince-Arclhbishop of Breslau to give them the nup- tial benediction according to the rites of the Ca- tholic Church, which was accordingly done. For some time the Prince of Hatzfeld kept his word to the Pope. He placed himself at the head of the Ca- tholic aristocracy of the province, and he constituted himself the protector of the Clergy, who, in con- sequence of his intercession, obtained in a short time great privileges and considerable immunities. In conseqence of this zeal Pope Gregory XVI. con- ferred upon the Prince of Hatzfeld numerous deco- rations and other marks of distinction. After two years of marriage, the love of the Prince of Hatz- feld for his wife began gradually to cool, and this coolness increased to such a degree that at last he drove her out of his house and obtained a divorce. At the same time he formed an intimate connection with another Protestaist lady, Madame de Bach, who had also the mishap to be divorced, and on the 6th of the present month of April he married her publicly in the Lutheran Cathedral of Breslau. On the following day the Prince-Archbishop of Breslau pronounced a sentence of the greater excommuni- cation against the Prince of Hatzfeld, in which, after reciting the above facts, he says---"Consider- ing that his Serene Highness the Prince Germain of Hatzfeld de Trachembourg and de Jaschkowitz has rendered himself guilty of polygamy, since during the life of his wife he has married another woman! that such an act should be punished the more se- yerely frorn its being committed by a person so highly placed as the Prince of Hatzfeld bybirth, rank, and fortune, and whose example must neces- sarily have a great effect upon the people; that the Prince of Hatzfeld has shown a supreme degree of ingratitude to the late Pope Gregory XVI., who loaded him with favours and Honours; that the Prince of Hatzfeld, who was at the head of the Ca- tholics of Silesia, has by his conduct covered his co- religionists with shame; that it is notorious that he has stated everywhere that he had no uneasiness about what he had done, and that by means of money he would obtain from the Clergy the validation of his second marriage as he had the first; that it is necessary to prove to the public in a striking manner that it is an erroneous impression which is current in our country that the Clergy are always indulgent to the powerful of the earth :---We, Melchior, by the grace of God, &c.;, Prince-Archbishop of Breslau, in virtue of our archiepiscopal functions, and in con- formity with the holy canons, but to our regret and with a profound grief, excommunicate the said Serene Prince Germain of Hatzfeld, as a public and obsti- nate contemner and transgressor of the laws and doctrines of the Churchs; and we strike him with the anathema of the Church, and with all the legal con- sequences of that measure, and that in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The Breslau papers state that the Prince of Hatzfeld, on learning that sentence of excommu- nication hath been pronounced against him, intimated his intention of joining the Lutheran Church; but that by the advise of his friends he abstained from doing so, because the consequence would be that he would lose two of his richest and most valuable lord- ships. The Prince of Hatzfeld above spoken of is brother of the Prince of Hatzfeld-Schoenberg, whose liaison with the Countess of Meyendorff gave rise to a celebrated trial at Cologne, in December last. LIGHT OF THE MOON.--- As the moon's axis is nearly perpendicular with the plane of the ecliptic, she can scarcely have any change of seasons. But it is still more remarkable that one-half of the moon has no darkness at all, while the other half has two weeks of light and two of darkness alternately; the inhabitants, if any, of the first half bask con- stantly in earth-shine without ever seeing the sun, while those of the latter never see the earth at all. For the earth reflects the light of the sun to the moon, in the same manner as the moon does to the earth : therefore, at the time of conjunction, or new moon, her further side must be enlightened by the sun, and the nearer half by the earth: and at the time of opposition, or full moon, one-half of her will be enlightened by the sun, but the other half will be in total darkness. To the Lunarians the earth seems the largest orb in the universe, for it appears to them more than three times the size of the sun, and thirteen times greater than the moon does to us, exhibiting similar phases to herself, but in reverse order, for when the moon is full the earth is invisible to them, and when the moon appears new they see the earth full. The face of the moon ap- pears to be permanent, but to them the earth pre- sents very dilferent appearances; the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans, in each twenty-four hours, will successively rivet their attention; and the velocity of motion must excite both surprise and conjecture. Though, as aforesaid, certain of those gentlemen only behold the earth for half a month at a time, those near the border only see it occasionally, and those on the side opposite the earth never see it at all. The moon, being only the fiftieth part of the bulk of our globe. and within 328,000 miles of us, may be brought, by a proper telescope, which mag- nifies 1,000 times, to appear as she would to the naked eye where she only 230 miles off.---"Smith's Cycles of Celestial Objects." A DECAYED TOWN IN NOVA SCOTIA. ---As far as Shelburne, all was progressive and rapid improve ment, but that unfortunate town was in ruins. It arose in the wilderness like a- work of magic, but had hardly ,been erected- before it was-in a state of decay. Twelve thousand or fourteen thousand emigrant Loyalists from New. York sought shelter in this remote place, at the close of the war of rebellion, in the year 1784, and built a large, com modious, and beautiful wooden town, at the head of the magnificent, harbour of Rosnway. In their haste or their necessity, they overlooked a fact that a town requires a country to support it, unless a trade which has grown with its growth supplies its wants upon'equal terms. Remote from the other settlements of the province, surrounded by a track less forest that covers a poor and stony soil, situated too far from the entrance of the harbour to reap the advantages of the fishing grounds, and filled with a population unnacustomed to the mode and unequal. to the fatigues of settling. in the wilderness, it was impossible that a town so constituted could long exist. Some returned peniniless and destitute to their native land, others removed- to various parts of Nova Scotia, and the grave-yard, from year to year, received numbers of those that. were left behind to mourn with broken hearts over their ruined fortunes, their hopeless and helpless condition, and their dreary exile. When. I had last seen it, the houses were still standing, though untenanted. It-had all the stillness and quiet of a moonlight scene. It was difficult to imagine that it was deserted. The idea of repose more readily suggested itself than decay. All was new and recent. Seclusion, and not death or removal, appeared to be the cause of the absence of inhabitants. But now the houses, which had been originally built of wood, had severally dis appeared. Some had been taken to pieces, and removed to Halifax or St. John's, others had been converted into fuel, and the rest had fallen a' prey to neglect and decomposition. The chimneys stood erect, and marked tIe spot round which the social circle had assembled, and the blackened fire-places, ranged one above another, bespoke the size of the tenement and' the means of its owner. In some places they had sunk with the edifice, leaving a heap of ruins; while oata few were inclining to their fall, and awaiting thei first storm to repose again in the dust that niow covered those who had constructed them. Hundreds of cellars, with their stone walls and granite partitions, were everywhere to beteen, like uncovered monuments of the dead. Time and decay had dune their work. All that was perishable had perished, and those numerous vaults spoke of a generation that had' passed away for ever, and, without the aid of an inscription, told a tale of sorrow and of sadness that overpowered the hieatt. A few new houses had recently bien erected, and a very few of the old had been snatched from decay and repaired; buat of the tlsotisand of inhabitants this town once contained, four or five survivors alone remained, and the erntire population did not exceed two thiousand sotlts. --They, were all attclihed~to the place, and spoke confidently of its revivral, fondly of -its noble harbour, and proudly of its former pros perlty.-Frazier's Menpazvne. Batrasit COL~ONISs.-Thle British Colonlies throughout the world occupy an ares of 2.110,708 square miles, writa atotal population of 107,708,323. Their exports and imports amount to' 55,533,500g. sterling, and they possess 7.514,585 tons of shIp ping. A MAO Susisa.-About two months ago, a little terrier dog, at Cluny Castle, having, been observed to be in a rabid statk, it-was found necessary to kill him but this was not done before lielhad done coo- siderable damage, thsough, we sir glad to learni, to none of the lIsuman species* It appears lie hsad gone luto a park in wilaich~ about forty wethers were being fed on -turnips. killed one; and bit six otlaers-flve~of which were so seve ehy. injured that they w'ere im mediately desitroyed. -As the sixth hadl only received a slight scratch ,;oonone of thei hinder legs, it *ias allowed to take its~chance. In ia very short tinie the wound was completely liealeel ep, and, to all appear sore, the animnal was none the worse. for it. A few days ago, however~, the shepheril, on going Into the park, with some hay for Ihis Ilock,'was surprised to observe the wethier referred to chasing -the others most furIously, leaping on suds as lie could overtake, and exhibiting all thie siymptoms of raibidness. -In the words of .our informant, lihe acted the dog as well as could' possibly -be done by soy other animnal not of the canlnte race."* This tlse poor animal con tinued to do for about dro holars after it was first observed, and at last laid down from sheer exhaus tion, foaming at the mouths, and even Iidsitatinigthe barking of a dog. It was thenk destrolyed.-Dun dee Advertiser,. - Foanstw taAmN..Thirty-seven vessels aiirived in the river Thames on lMonday? from ports in Europe, which, with the exceptlon of- one or two that had other kinds of provisions on beard, were entirely laden with- grain, -thes produce of Meckiesibttrgh, Prussia, Denmark, Sweden. Hanover, Oldenburg, Norway, and Russia respectively, the greater pro portion of whist were from the Hanoverian domi nians and Denmark; only one* arrival was from Russia. On the previous Saturday 21 vessels had arrived at the port of London similarly laden, from the same quarter of the globe. In addition to those first mentio'ned the American Eagle line of packet ship, arrived on the same day from New York, brought 26 casks, 13 tierces, and 230 barrels of beans; 2,774 bags of corn; 1,261 bags, and 9,100 bushels of oats ; besides 141 packages of beef, 81 of pork, 34 of hams, 102 of bacon, several of lard and sausages, 329 of flour, 164 of corn meal, 500 of rice, 77 of cheese, 445 of oil cake for cattle, and various other articles of general merclhtndise. FAsHIoNs Foe. Juas.-Moire and shot taffetas, poults do soie of plain. colours: lilac, ecru, and checks, are fashionable for walking dresses; and flounces or rtches, pinked in crcto de coq, are used for all silk materials; others are in deep vandykes edged with grimp, and for bareges with a feston; white tucks are also worn on bareges, relieved by a I heading of gimp. For the pardessus fancy alone determines the colour-it can scarcely be said which prevails; for the morning.green, orange, and violet glace, with black ; for the evening, white, pink, and manve. Black lace in profusion,. or rich gimps, .ornament morning dresses, and point lace, with silk embroidery, for the evening. Sleeves, with few exceptions, remain unchanged ; for silks, in thinner materials, they are wide and put into a wristband, closing half-way up the arm, with under one of muslin ; the corsage full also to a band, with ceintuc e of ribbon and. long ends. Printed tarlatanes are worn over silk- skirts; the corsage high and full on the shoulders, forming draperie. Plaids and checks are mostly confined to morning dresses, but checks satines are still used in dress in pale colours, with single flounce and very deep heading, giving the effect of a second skirt. Gimp buttons have quite replaced those imitating stones, &c.; The broad catalan fringe is very pretty on silk, to replace the flounce; and ribbon 'is very much used in every possible way that it can be introduced. Two very deep flounces, or three, five, and even nine are some times used on robes of- taffetas glace, commencing at the waist, and give great roundness to the skirt. Some plain barbges have bouillons to the kn-.e. The mantelet is become a necessary. part of our toilet, whether named mante, cape, or echarpe: it under goes various changes both in form and trimming those of black lace are termed Luisa. The Clarissa Harlowe recalls the English niantelet of the last century ; it is a white mantelet of embroidered-or plain muslin, fine cambric, or lawn. The French mantelet Marie Antoinette. is rather pointed behind, with end formed by the fulness from the shoulders, made of the palest taffetas, trimmed with rich white lace. Numerous little manteaux are made of taffetas in light colours, trimmed with two rows of broad black lace, one row at the edge, the other above, and a third forms pelerine at the theaort, and ornaments the arm-hole. Fancy straws, mixed. with mohair. are much worn, and ornamented either with flowers, feathers, or lace-paille de riz, crape tulle. All the lighter material are now in demand, and leghorns are also worn, ornamented with a plume of three feathers or bunch of flowers. Some very light straw bonnets are trimmed inside with coloured tulle. For morning neglige checked ribbons,on very dark velvet are used.-Londots and Paris Ladies' -Mla gazine. FLoon AT MANCHEsTEa. -On Saturday evening, Manchester and the neighbourhood were visited by a heavy fall of rain, which commenced about six o'clock p.m., and continued with but little intermis sion until seven o'clock on Sunlay morning. The river Medlock, passing tthrough the town, was swollen upwards of three yards past its usual height, and considerable damage was done to the property along its banks, but more particularly to that adja cent to the " sluices,' which cross the river at a point where it runs - between the manufactories of Messrs. Fairweather on the one side, and the exten sive firm of Messrs. Birley on the other, in Cam bridge-street.; These sltices wcre kept shut- on Saturday evening, abt the consequence was . that about three o'clock on Sunday morning the water overflowed the banks, and forced its way across a large yard connected with an old factory in " Little Ireland," now occupied by Mr. Duckworth, boiler maker. Here it washed down a wall about sixty yards long, and crossing Marlborough-street, en tered the whole of the dwellisgs its Wakefield-street, Smith-street, Anvil-street, Frank-street, William street, and others. The water also forced its way into the cotton mill of Messrs. Birley, a building twenty-four yards long, on the opposite side of the river, and immediately the. bottom spinning-room was filled ttp above - the windows some feet. The machinery tieing covered with water, the cotton, manufactured and unmanufactured, bobbins, &c.;, might be seet floating about in every part of the room. Tice water ailso catered a weaving shed, in wisich tltere are very many power-looms. It isi said thast about six o'clock Cthe following morning, some persons succeeded in opening -one of the sluices, wlcen the sudden -force of the water coming against a stone wallh lately erected, it was Cliroiyn down, and the water entered .the premises con nected with thse psublla gas works. Here also very considerable damage was done. For a long time past a~number of workmen hsave beetn em ptloyed in excavaiting a gasometer, wicich is atout a hundred feet In diameter. Thsis excavation was completed, and Cthe brickietters were to base com-* menced Cthe erection- of thce sides on Cthe Monday morning. Owinig to Cthe washsing down of the wall just named, Cthe watilr entered, filled Cthe pit, watshed down Cthe earth in various places, and did muds in. Sjutry to a large gasometer adjoining. Tice damage hcere cannot ,be less than from £200 to- -£00. During thce wlole of Sciriday the neighbourhood wvas thronged by-lttndreds of persons, who came from a distance to see Cthe iisvsc whccic Cthe load iced made and wiho greatly commisserated Cisc poor peopie, wicose furniture, bedding. &tc.;, mighct lbe observed floating about in Cite water. Such was the state of thce streets, titat ise police found it necessary to ob tain small boats, in wisichc they brought out Cue in hsabitants from their wretched htomes. Notwlish standing Cthe confusion -which took place when Cthe alarm was givenr, we are icappy to say thsat so far as we know, no lives have beens lost, nor liesl any -serious accident htappened beyond Cthe destrutction of property. Wthat Is knost singular is, thift wihile Cthe water was eriterin~g the mnill of Messsrs. -Burley on the other side, a fire broke out on Ctie prernises be lommging to lisa same firm on the otiter, In whsichs the work is carried on. The -firc, wliclc is stuppoesd to isave orlginate from spontaneoius combustion, com menced in the lower rooco of thme building, Its the course of a short time idr. Rose, with Cihree of the town fire engines arrived, but there was no necessity for getting Ihem Into jlay', -l sCthe wsatehmtriri and others had extinguishted Cthe flames by means. of the pipes on~tie roof. which are always In readiness for Cthe purpose. A WVEALTscv PAssPsa.-On Cthe 0tic rinstant, a ebourlng manm, siacised Joica Jarmy, and his5 Wife, were admitted as in-door paupers at the Wangford union-house at Ship meadow, and, as is customary, they were taken to separate apartments to exchange their own clothing for that of the union,' attended by the usual officials. The matron, who was, pre sent with the woman, observing that her pockets were very heavy, asked what they contained: to which she replied, " Only a few rags;" but this not satisfying Mrs. Hammond, she examiped the contents, and found sewed up in different parcels £132 4s.,consipting of Ill sovereigns, and the re mainder in silver; there were also three savings' bank books, in which were acknow!edged deposits in the Norwich Savings Bank to the amount of £160, making a total of £2J2 4s.; there were found also nine silver tea-spoons. a table-spoon, and a pair of sugar-tongs.-Ipswich Express. Nsw' ROMAN CATHoLIC CHAPEL AT BaRssmN HsA. - A new church in connexion with the Roman Catholic convent in Hunter's-lane, has been recently erected from the designs of Mr. Pugin. It is a building capable of containing about 400 persons, and consists of a nave and north isle. The eastern end of the nave, which is to be used as the chancel, is seperated from the body by a screen, and is lighted _ by two windows. the east, of five lights, and the southern, of two lights. The lower part of, the latter window is filled up with stone pagels, beneath which is placed the sedile for the officiating priests. There is.also a piscina, of elegant design, supported on a bracket terminating in a clustre of foliage; above it is sculptured a figure of an angel. North of the chancel, and divided from it by a screen, and two lancet arches resting on a neat circular pillar, is a small cofipartment for the use of ' the Sisters of Mercy ; it is lighted by four windows, one of them a beautiful circular, or rose. The organ is also to be placed in this portion of the church. The isle is divided' by an arch from the sisters' portion of the building, and is intended for the inmates of an adjoining edifice, called the " House of Mercy," a most excellent institution for taking care of female domestic servants of good character who may be out of employment, until suit able situations can be procured for them - there are at present about 60 of this class in the house. This aisle, which has four two-light windows, is separated fro~m the nave by four decorated arches resting on octagon pillars, and, a screen running along the entire length of the building. At the west cnd is the tower,'the base of which forms an ante-room, also intended to be screened-off. In one of the piers supporting the tower is a stoup for holy water: On the north is an arched cloister, by which the inhabi tantsof the convent and-House of Mercy may enter their places without mingling-with the congregation' The upper portion of the tower will be used as a belfry, light being admitted through some neat deco rated windows. There are five windows in the nave, the. we3tern of four lights, and the others, in the south wall, of two lights each. The roof 'is open and good pitch, and though of plain work. manship appears to great advantage. The sacristy is placed at the west end of the nave, being entered through a small lancet doorway; it is lighted by two'windows, looking into the convent garden and burial ground. The area of the church will be paved with small tiles, blue and red alternately ; and we believe it is intended, when the funds will allow, to beautify the chancel windows with stained glass. The church, which is of brick with stone facings, is dedicated, to the Virgin Mary and St. Joln the Evangelist ; and the estimated cost of its erection is about 2,0001. It will be opened for public worship in the month of August next.- llirtaringham Journal. PaosPERITY OF RussIA.-In a former article we noticed the prosperous state of America, ssewing the great increase and value of her agricultural produc tions in 1816, and which, from later accounts, it appears will be almost doubled during the present year. We have now to revert to another country, not the less surprising or remarkable from the pro minent part she lias acted by affording relief to France andt England, at the most critical time of one of the severest money panics ever experienced in 1 Europe. We allude to Russia- who, althongh rich in the natural productions of her climate, which embraces a large extent of territory, has yet been enabled within the last few years, from the improved working of her gold mines, to take up a position in tihe scale of European nations as the greatest bullion lender of modern times. Within the last 60 years comparatively little was heard of Russia, beyond its being a nation in the frozen regions-just emerged from barbarism-whose government was despotic, and whose inhabitants were slaves or serfs ; in later periods, however, the successful and unexampled working of her gold mines in Siberia and the Ural i mountains have poured such an amount of treasure into the lap of the emperor as to place him, In point of wealth, second to none in the world. Dnr ing the last eighteen years the production of these mines has been gradually increasing by the im proved practice of engineering and mining oper ations, developed by thte first talent' Europe costld produce to discover the riclser seams of 'ore wisich previously lay dormant and unknown. From official sources, it is roughly calculated that tine aggregate quantity of gold extracted from tine mines of Kolyvan, Ural, and Siberia, dtsring this 'period, amounts to no less than 29,000,000Z. sterlling. In thne ten years preceding, from 1819 to 1820, thne mines in the Ural mountains only' were worked; thne aggregate production am'ountirig to thne sterling Ivalue of nut more than .3,910,0001. It was only In 1829 tlsat the existence of gold in Siberia was acertained-nothing of tine sort' having been previously suspected; And whein the first Working of thnese mnineg commenced dthsy were too poor to defray tise charges, and, conseqnsently, Were aban doned for a time. Ro greater success attended thne second opening, until engineerIng and mining skill changed thne aspect of affairs, byr fuirther discoveries in 1830. Afterwsrds renewed enterprise was not slow to follosw in' thne newly disco~vered track. Rids seams were found; and every succeeding year Inas amply rewarded thse Czar by, uninterruptedly -in -creasing the quantity. From thhi constant accumulation of bulliou, and thne comisnanrd of such extraordinary 'reserve, fuinds, thne Emperor of Russia hsas excited tine inquiry and sur prise of all' thne money markets in' Europe- it being well known thsat pirevilnus to tise success fnti working of thnese gold mines hse was hien self a borrower of money, and one of thne poorest monarchs in Euirope. Thne position of thsat enipire is, hnow'ever. now very different,' from thne Czar hay inig bought tdp thne depreciated securities of 'two of tine greatest nations on tise face of tine carths,- nd provided for their indispensable rnecessities In Inlrd reshn-paying dow'n on thne nail thne melallic store of whnich they stood so muds in need, to tine amount eif 80 millions 'of rublets, or 4,078,0001., byt one mone-' tary ukase; besides leavlngj himself in posisession I of 44 millions In hnard rublff in Ihis own coffers, of. Sthne sterling value of 13,125,0001. Tltis extreor-' *dinery movement on thne part of tine emperor has been much commented upon by tine press of botlh SEngland and Fratice; anti, at firnt, It was' gene .rally thought that political motives actuated Isle, particularly as regarded the Frepch loan. - Wro more recent accounts, however, it appears to bya, been simply a commercial transaction, arising front an excess of treasure, as well as to afford increased facilities in the export trade of his own dominiona... particularly of grain, which the rivalry of America seems to have aroused-and by investing a part of his surplus gold in fluctuating European security at a time when their value was very much deprec. ated, eventually to realise a very large profit. AcrsoN AGAINST QUEER CueISTg,-4.-..Thsloy, of gossip and scandal may expect a rich treat from the disclosures relating to an affair which has loge occupied the select circles of Paris society.-a. affair which must be made public, after all, in spit! of the endeavours of friends of both sides to keep it secret. " Maria Christine de 'Bourbon, Queen Dowager of Spain and the Indies, and Augustn, Ferdinand Munoz (whom the law, possessing lone of the squeamish scruples of dipiomacy, qualfiesas her husband,) both residing at No. 5 Rue de Cour. celles," have been summoned to appear before the Tribunal de Commerce, to ,shew cause, why they should not be compelled to pay the sum of gry hundred thousand francs, to M. Charles Nicola Caodin, for his share in the purchase of the salt mines in Lin and Moamoron. The afftir is ad. jotirned to a second hearing, doubtless in order to give time for reflection to the noble defendants, What renders the summons so piquant is the fict that the law which qualifies the pair as husband and wife, qualifies them both likewise as merchants rnegocians) It is hoped the affair will be husbed and proceed no further, but the infatuation of royalty is proverbial.-Paris Correspondent o/the Atlas. A PHENOMENON IN THE BLACK SEA.-The fol lowing is the translation of a curious account (in the Journal de Constantinople of April 11) of a plseno menon, which has occurred in the Black Sea*:-' Last Sunday a phenomenon, which was nearly attended by the most disastrous consequences, occur. red in the Black &a; An Austrian steamer, of Lloyd's company, the Stamboul, was proceeding to Constantinople, in a calm state of the weather, and was within an hour's distance of Synope, when sad. denly the sda opened under it, assuming the form of a vast tunnel ; the waves, in closing, covered it almost entirely, swept the deck, and.d d most serious damage. The shock was so violent that several leaks were sprung, and the vessel was sometime in reco. vering itself from this terrible pressure, and getting asloatagain. It rose, after some pitching. but injured so muds that if' another shock had taken. place it would have been inevitably lost, ship and cargo. It was with the greatest difficulty that it reached the port of Synope to refit, after which it proceeded to Constantinople, where it arrived safe and sound last Tuesday. Those who were witnesses of this aeci. dent thought at first it might have originated in an earthquake, but nothing of the sort has occurred elsewhere. It must be admitted that some subspa. rine dislodgment opened under the ribs of the vessel an abyss into which the waves rushed, and in tis way they for med a gulf, in which she narrowly escaped being smashed and swallowed up. Ma. JUSTICE MAULE's LAST.-During the trial of Hannah Thomas, for the murder of her child, at Monmoutls Assizes, a letter was handed to Mr. Justice Maule, who demanded-" Who has had the impudence to send me a letter during a trial for murder !' The trembling javelin man replied, " A female gave it me, my lord, with directions to give it' your lordship immediately." The judge (throwing the letter contemptuously from him), He calls himself Samuel Jorand, and says he is a landed proprietor ; lie's a very impudent fellow to send me a letter in the middle of a trial for such a case, and as to the female she is an impudent-somea thing or other."-A Cheltenham paper observes Mr. Justice Maule has a knack of concentrating much meaning in a few words, into which he in fuses a dash of vinegar ; and he exercised this ability at the late assizes, plentifully, over the jury, the bar, the witnesses, and the audience, with adi gree of impartiality 'which, however many may smart under the application, leaves none of them reason to complain that they had more or less than their share. Thus to one of the loudest- of the learned counsel he defined' oratory to be " making a great speech'-to show that picking a pocket isi virtuous action." One of the witnesses, who pre. sented tlhe'quitcssence of" a very' nice young mats;' he covered with confusion, by requesting him' Io ~ drop his ultra gentility of tone, and' raise' his voice." One of the special jury, too, having asked permission to put a question to a witness, wasps. litely permitted to do so,' if he pleased, particularly as it would form an agreeable variety." CuauOUS MONETARY PAaxnox --Two facts have occurred in this city, within the present week, which present the working of this bill under a curious aspect :-A mercantile house received a quarstitysf silver bullion from the Pacific. They offered'it to tihe bank. The bank wits not abuyer. They otlbred to reduce Ithe price. Still, the bank was not a buyer. They requested' an advance upon it. The bank de' dlined to make It. They were oinly alloseed by Ills law to issue notes on a certain' proportion of tlirs bullion in' silver, and, that proportion being full, they could -issue no more. One of lisa Irish basits sent to London £30,000 in the* silver coin ao' ttis. realm, requsesting to receive fur it bank notes byms turn of post. 'The bank eleclined to s eceive ii. misa or to issue notes upon it. They did not west Its coin, and they had no jsower to issue any mere alose on silver. Thus we attained the paradox, thit, isi stead of not being' able to convert paper into pie' ciosis metals', we cannot convert ltha precioss spelhls into paper. A merchsant wills Isis "house (asllof sliver," tisay be unrmbte to pay his bills the nexl dsy Letter in ltsa-Times of Sauturday. 