DR.-MILEY'S SERMON. (LConcluded from our last.) IHe ever made it the guiding star and principle of his policy to he in harmuny with the religion of bise ?church. Often has ie prclaimed in my 'hearing that the monster difTiculty-the great obstacle to bey surmounted was to persuade the hierarchy and; priesthood of Ireland that a man could be sincere in his attachment to the altar, and yet ardent In prose ncting civil liberty. Such wes the disgrace that~ .self-styled patriots hud inflicted upon the sacred cause-that cause beneficent and heaven descended -that it required from him more exertion, anxiety, and labour to convince those who were ready to sarrifice every interest for the religion of their Re deemer- that they could seek for the reform of abuses in the state without aiming at the foundations of society as the continental reformers did—without warring upon the altar at the same time that they sent forward petitions to the throne. Often he pro claimed that these were his great difficulties, and that these once surmounted, all the rest would be easy asd perfectly plain before him. You all remersber that when the Republicans of Paris came to solicit him to advocate their cause, amongst the chief objections which he said prevented him, he stated, and that must emphatically, that he was thoroughly persuaded they never understood the true meaning of liberty, and never could be its champions because of the hostility they cherished to religion. Always he kept this great principle before him. He com menced all his enterprises by the invocation of Heaven's aid, and placed all the great things upon which he ventured under the especial patronage of the Virgin Mother whom he never failed to make his advocate. He never blushed to make profession of his faith, and was ever ready and eminently able to defend it. It was he who planted his giant heel upon the obscene and impious philosophy of Voltaire in Ireland, and crushed it to death. These were the great principles that actuated his life. Here is the great mystery of all his policy. Hence it was that he seemed omnipotent, so that no obstacle could resist hime, and 'that he 'achieved things that have filled all nations with astonishment. He believed in the providence of Jesus Christ as a reality. He did not, like Napoleon. at least like him In the days of his infatuated ambition-he did not, like others, lift himself.up against Heaven-did not regard Chris- tianity as a fable, but as a divinely established fact. Hence it was that he was borne onward by a power irresistible-hence it was that his works remain and must endure for ever, because, by these great prin ciples of his policy, he placed himself in perfect harmony with the universe. In proposing his great reforms he based his arguments upon truth, intelli gence, and immutable justice. These were the great emanations of the religion in which he believed which he made the guiding star of every enterprise, and never failed .to invokedin all difficulties-which proved to be the hais binger of every triumph -his consolation in every adversity, and which never forsook him in all his trials,'even to the last, when "death was swallowed up in victory," His devotion to religion was of the most earnest and fervent kind. He was, indeed, 'a Catholic ; a faithful follower and disciple of the church of Christ-a man who would die to attest the sincerity and ardour of his faith as willingly and as cheerfully as he lived and struggled to liberate and defend it; yet there was nothing national in the religion, of O'Connell, because as connected with the church nothing of. the sort in reality exists. It was his boast in life that he was "plus Papiste que la Pape." It has been made a reproach on his "memory by the Standard, that he was .-a 'Papist - and. nothing more. 'That journal has said he was a Papist, that whatever was inexplicable in the his tory of O'Connell would be explained by that fact. The Court Gazette of Berlin took up the word and re-echoed it in Germany. WVell, lie was in faith a Papist, and he gloried in the title. He loved and revered the Pope. How often during his pilgrimage' did lie wish that he were arrived at the Eternal City -to be able td humble himself at the feet of the re presentative of Jesus Christ on earth-lie firmly be lieved in those promises made to St. Peter, and was confident that they guaranteed the existence of the Papacy while the world lists. He, indeed, believed that the church was established on the rock, the sure foundation, and that the gates of hell should not prevail against it. There was the mystery of his greatness. I will give a proof of this, supplied by one who does not. belong to that church. Somie eight or nine years since, when the Right Hun. Mr.' Macauley was making an apology before his consti tuents, in the capital of Scotland, for not having taken a part in the persecution of the Irish people, he spoke somewhat to this effect. "Not during one or twenty administrations, but during seven cen turies, we have used the sword against the Irish we have made experiment of famine-we resorted to every art of Draconian laws-we have tried ruthless extermination, not to root out every vestige of them from the land that gave them birth. But what has happened P Have we succeeded P, We. have not been able to extirpate, or even to weaken them'. They have acttally Increased, after all our persecution of them, froit two to five-from five to seven from seven to nine millions; and they are gathering round us like a deluge-they are invad ing our borders, apparently threatening to interrupt our institutions,- if not to overwhelm ourselves. Are we then to revert to the obsolete' policy of the past, and by continuing the .-policy of seven cen turies, make them stronger by persecution P I am not ignorant of history, continued the lion. gentle man. I have studied history, but in this fact I con fess my incapacity to find for this fact a satifactory explauation; but could It when standing. beneath the dome of St. Peter's Church at Rome, peruse with the faith of a Roman Catholic, the inscription which is emblazoned around it-' Thou art ParEa, and on tihis rock I will build my Church and-the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it,' then could I solve tihe eniigma of Irish history." WVell, O'Connell read the liscription thus ; and hence Isis powver, hsis success, lila unrivalled great -ness. Hence his success. Hence the courage, con s tancy,and devotion with which lie fought the battle of liberty and religion. In fact, lie believed the - promises of Christ to Peter. lie stood on the rack of ages-tie was ever ready to sacrifice liberty, which tue loved so well Isome, country, life itself for the Cstisolie faith. for the successors o1 Peter. See what Ise has stone. In dyinsg lie bequeathed his Iseart to Rome, lie sent his heart there, as lie could not go Isimsell, to pay asllegiance to the head of the churcs, and as the great Venstura has 's's-l observed, this a-as I consommsatiuon wi-ll worthy os' sucs a ca reer as Isis. And lest ini all this I shsould seem to exaggerate, or give roons for tisese calsssumiius which nsever failid to track himis uuring Isis existsnce-isera is tlse record of use manner in which lie sanctified \- acth day. I quote feom the 'little book which we were in the hsatit of ussing daily while I was with tiim. Wh'len far froos Iis home, ansi the country Isa loved, tie exhisiited how well prepared lie was to meet she Kiung of 'rerrors-liow well his faith asnd Isis life had prepared hiss for the last scesse. lHe manifested the utmost disreguesi for everytising by which men are allured in the psrihe of life, It seas a pails and ass atinoyance to hinm to hear aniy subjuct spoken of bet that which ru hated tis Heaven, and Isis immortal seal. lIe did 'Iot wi-si to hsear those oboust hims speak of anytitisg but the mercies5 love, sod judgmoseta of God. lHe was then, at least, no Isypuscrite. Then, at leatt, let evels his iesniemi believe isv sas in ear nest. Has first prayer ill tlse ilornsing was the doxology, " Glory be to the Fatiler, assu to tlse Son, atis to the Holy Glisat, as it was iss tlsa begillning, is now, ansd everlsoire slsasl be, world usitsoust end." 'Tlis was the salstsinurs situ w-hic lie lh:ilcd tha ;(asvns, sind masde ohul-sion of Isis heisng to its autlsor. Hils first lurayer' was this :- llsicsivs, 0 Lent, smy ent~ive liberty, Issy our Veoi'y, say unsseestassiusg , ansI my whole will. Whsiatever I hive anst alt tlst t possess, ttsou hlast bheatowrl uspon mse. To thee I return all, anid L sur-~ resider all to ha entirely governied by thy will. reatl is Onlthy grace. and thy. love, and I ells ,lhenough, nor do I desire any thing ovure 1 Then nest he suid Remember, 0 most compassionate Virgin %ury. ,&tfrom; all ages, it is unhead of, that any one vsfasrsakcn, who placing himself under, thy ma grasl protection, implored thy assistance and gged the favour of thy prayers, Animated with to confidence which this Inspires, I fly to thee gVirgin of Virgins, and Mother of pty. God, and *ithe bitterness of m~y sorrow, I throw myself at gyfeet, 0' Mother of the Eternal- Word I despise cot my humble supplication, but listen graciously; and mercifully grant the request, which from mly baot i makesthee. Amen." lie was not satisfied with this, but added I is Remember, 0 Most Blessed Virgin Mary! that sooneever had recourse to your protection, im-. ,obred your assistance, or sought your mediation, without obtaining relief. Confiding, therefore in your goodness, behold te, a wretched sinner, sighing out my sins before 10u3- seeching you to adopt me for your child. sad to take upon you the care of my eternal sa-r" radon. s Despise not, 0 Mother of Jesus, the petition of your wretched client, but hear and grant my prayer. Amen'." And then.concluded thus ; u Oh my Lord Jesus Christ the. true Lamb of Gao that takes away- thelsainaofthe world, :by. thy oercy which is infinite, pardon one my sins, and by thy sacred passion preserve me this day from all sin and evil. aI carry'about, mea this Holy Agnus, in thine Wosoar, and as an tlocentive to thepractlcn of that meekness, humility, and innocence which thou hast t I'offer myself up to thee as an entire oblation, and In memory of that sacrifice of love which thou but madefor me upon the cross, and in satisfaction fr my Gina. , "Accept, ch my . God, the n oblation I make, and may it be acceptable to thee in the odour. of sweet nsm. Amen." . He recitedlevery day hie decade of the Rosary, the day was clooel with the Litany of our Blessed Lady. As to the adorable, name, when alone or unobserved i was almost perpetually upon his lips. M. Lacour, the physician who accompanied us from Lyons lias isnured me oftens, that nothing ever so impressed him with religious awe and fervour as the sight of this great Christian when thus engaged in prayer These wee amongst his aspirations. His thoughts were, without interruption, fixed upon eternity. Each day and night he consecrated his sutferingp, and they were acute. and cruel, as an expiation to his God; he invoked his aid in the name of our blessed Saviour; he listened to a .spiritual lecture sodas we journeyed along the plains and mountains, snd rushing streams, his conversation turned still upon eternity. He would expi esa a wish to hear some portion of the Sermon on the Mount, or those parables which are set like jewels in the life of Christ. Never did any emain hear him utter a word of complaint, of bitterness, or of retaliation against may man that ever did him wrong; but if .within his hearing any observations were wade, reflecting upon the worst of his enemies, he was sure to come forward with some meek and unostentatious apology to make allowance In his magnanimity for their enrors. Day after day, when we had an oppor tunity of giving. him such intelligence, he loved above all things to hear a word about-his country -how it fated with the poor suffering people ; and when the information was given he vcas silent. His heart was busy, and you might see it in his counte mance, but he broke not into complaint. The dis tress of his countrymen, whom he dearly loved, preyed upon his mind. The last time his voice was raised in public was in demanding and imploring the intervention of parliament in- their. behalf. He loved his country to the last, and it was the griefs of a patriot that killed him. It happened that I was with him some few hours before he departed from the shores of Ireland for the last time, and he was downcast, almost prostrate on the earth. My poor words were uttered to bring him courage -to cheer him to the enterprise of mercy on which he sped, but he observed, " Alas, my dear friend, it is all iofer. I know the vastness of this calamity. I have been proclaiining it for months, for a year, and thcy would not believe me.' They believe it now, but they have no idea of its vastness. I think I can form some conception of its extent, and it is' this, that it is killing me. I know. there is no remedy." And when I alleged to him that now, at least, they would believe that he did not speak in mockery, but that truth almost prophetic was ins his lips--thatstanding in the Commocs House demanding and imploring aid for perishing millions. his voice would be lis tened to with respect and properly responded to, he replied, " Alas, I fell that I am gone. My physical: power has departed from me. My voice is al must mute; I know what is to be effected, and' illis by reason of my conviction of my own incapa city todo it, that I -am oppressed with grief. He, carried this motintalo ots lia breast. It was ever~ old, him; and while he hsopeel its lieaven that thse thy of triumpih end consolation would rise, lie lovrd~ 0o0 well his people not~to have hsis noble heart op prasseo withs grief for their miseries. Yes, even his enemies admitted that lie ulied a patriot ; but it~ was for a recrant Irishman -onse who is a disgrace1 to ltoe altar at which lie was baptized, as well an to the soil that gave him hirtls--to give utterance to Isestiment which most go. down as infamous in~ history. They were speaking of O'Coiiiell ina foreign city, and of how lie died, alien this peursonv laid-" Confound hislm, I could have forgivern O'Connell every thing, hot that lie oiled a patriot 0" Yes, his love of country was granod and invinicible', because it wass sanctitietl by lila love of religion. Ilb knew that without religion there is no truse liherty, no genuine patriotism, unit no gu.nuiine re-f ligios wititout fealty to Rome. Vitti suclt cuneic-'. tiuni, endowed prominently as lie iron with genlus,~ as wonder lie effect.'d such won lers as noise ouhior0 ever did ; leos wuouderful is it that the norats to~ *elet them, which lie adopted were not tliosie ut brute force, butt sutct as wo lhiCe duacrilsei. liv' lad the example of prinmluive Cisristianity before~ lila; and coinducted by him upust lila principles tie~ hisoory of his country Iin those days seems host a cousterpart of those victories which ini the early and~ martyr ages of the church, were oselieved over Pagos miglht soul over all thi glorues n'od princely magnificance of tmperial Rome. Of his eloujuetce. whuat thoulul I nay iti the preseiice of those who hiave~ oftOev beard it P My views of t are better exopresseil iS leonguage of nnutliir thin toy oven :-" The~ liotuosge of O'Cotnnell seemed, frout tise very first: limo ioe spoke', to be suomelthing ualmost nmarvellouso.~ it united wiohin itself evi'rygrliharav'riu~ic ixcelteonce shich, separuitety, constitvuteu the glory of the ttosat femuous oroitors of ancient Greece aisi toute; the. trgsosenlativeiiess of i~settitis, the viguour of Demostltetes, atnd ithe dignity of Horotesisius, nitti the polished finish of Cicero, and Pisocitin's re'auli-1 tis sof repertee. In parliamenet O'Cutnnelh was on' uralic 51 enlarged views, andI ever~prehared wihh x pedlent and practical suggestions. The elevation of5 isnt sentiments and the majesty of his language, "I !sabted him, with unrivelleel felicity, to explain and risolre the most. diflicult questions of statesman-i ship ; so th-t;, while his rivals were filled withd jealous rage, they were also forced to bow1 down before his unapproachable superiority. And, as lie never-rose amongst the assembled Comn `inons to speak, that he did not command the profound l attention of the assembly, so when he ceased, he invariably left his auditors in an ecstacy of silent, I }admiration. As a barrister he exhibited in his pleadings that accurate apprehension, that wonderful., !precision of language, and that extensive knowledge of English law, which enabled him to deduce from the chaos of the latter, arguments almost uniformly in favour of his client." In popular assemblies he' was, as an orator, ever vivid, nervous, ardent, and bold -but never rash; frank without insolence condescending, and, at the same time, august-he approached the people, descended down to their language, gathered to himself their sentiments, arid Ltthen, lifting them up to his own height, tie bound them to himself without resistance. Thus the master of all their affections, -and having their feelings under his command, whilst he abounded in all the 'devices of oratory, and was rich in all the resources of language, he could give free scope to his impulses, to bring to bear the object lie had in view; now. moving his hearers by the pathos of elvgy---now entrancing them by strains that fell as Isolemnly on the ears, as the holy chanting of a psalm, and now exciting them with the bitterness of his satire, and then charming them witha narration which had all the grace of a romance. His words were, by turns, a light to guide, and a thunderbolt to terrify ; he combined within himself the wisdom of a statesman, and the awe-inspiring dignity of a prophet. No man better than tie could excite the passions of the people, nor restrain them ; no man ever endeared himself more to the people, nor was more successful in 'directing them; and from his lips they could hear the Iitterest truth, whilst they but loved him the more from the manner in which be told it. The whole history of eloquence, in short, cannot furnish an example of a more perfect orator -of one more varied, more original, more inex haustible. more vivid, more impetuous, or more powerful' Now that we have thus seen, obscurely though it be, and but in brief, his titles, not alone to our grati tude. but to the admiration of the universe, will you forgive me if, throwing myself almost by abandon ment on your kindness, I rid my heart and conscience of one thought as to the place where, in my opinion, you should make his grave. It is my opinion, and humbly' I propound it, that his destiny, so far as depends on us, will not be complete unless you place his grave within the island abbey of Darrynane, which he loved so waell -which has been associated with the memory of his boyhood, and in which, in his days of renown, I may say of his in spiration and genius, he wished that his body,' until the resurrection, should repose. He said in 1845, and you all remember the echoes of his words :-" No, men of lerry, the man who animated" the Repealers of 'other places is your brother Kerryman.' Yes, for I was born amongst iyou; the echoes'of the mountain stream by which my infancy was nursed are, I fancy, murmuring again in my ears. Yes, I am close to the scene of my earliest days, within viewof my native mountains, and within the sound of the stream that spoke to me in earlier life in tones of mortality (hear hear.). Yes, we, were ever 'loyal to our religion, our allegiance, and our country.(dhders.) I was noaN AMONGST YOtRa MOUNTAINS, AND AMONGST THEM iHALL nas t oaAvi, though my name will go down as having burst thefetters of my countrymen, and given them liberty and peace (renewed accla martion)." I am not ignorant of dispositions that may appear contrary to these, or of wishes that lie may have since expressed'; but when I consider how appropriate that scene . would be-not only as the source from which he derived the inspiration of his unrivalled eloquence, and where he meditated his plans for the achievement of his country's rights but in the full conviction that if that place were made his grave, there would spring up around it an influence which would perpetuate his memory, with benediction for his country-an influence that would strengthen and extend the great system lhe invented,F and the efficiency of which to achieve and defend the', liberties of his country lie so triumphantly proved an influence that would be felt, far and wide, defend ing the liberties of the church and the nation,' succouring the distressed, instructing the ignorant, evoking the true glories of our country's astounding history,atl knitting us more firmly with holy places for ever where his heart reposes. But wherever his' body is, his heart at least is where it ought to be. His memory is far removed above the assaults of human power; his enemies may endeavour to detract from his merits, or darken the lustre of his fame; but it will be in vain. His fame and his glory are placed on an imperishable basis, and it will be re-' cognized and admired by the latest posterity. But standing niow, as I nisy say, upon his grave, I wills not profane it by any reply to the calumnies of those. helo have traduced him, even 'in death, who have' sought nut only to trample ons his lifelkss body, but. hosodl and esperse his immortal spirit. No. Under' the circumistaisces in which we stand -wills his great~ iorks before us, saisetioned and praised as they have been- we will not profane his rest, insult his glory, by attempting to defend him. For what are the felitngs which these attacks have excited in tiie breasts of all lionourable and upright men P Not feelings cccii of liery iisdignation-but shame and intlignation-but shame and hitimiliation the most sickening, to think of the oidious and detestable cx cesacs to wvhiich our sin-infectedl nature can be driven' wieni abandoned, as if reprobate of -Heaven, if it is left to thu iiitlaenre of its own prolpensities. 'No; we weill disperse from us every suds irritating re collection. Beside his grave, his tombt, where ileatli is swallowed tip in victory we will give room tii nothing, but the thoughts of religious triumpih anti thanks to God who has rendereil this lila servant auli a glorious example of the power of ihis grace, whio ever supporting and guliling him in lis undertakings, and who will not fail to open~ for him thi gates of eternal blessing. I need not conjure you, my niost reverend lords audi~ fathers-that lie who liberated our altars, and con ferred on the church sucs unexampled liberties,' should nsever bs forgotten Iby you when ot'feriisg thaj spotless victim. Need I supiplicate of my own very~ rever end hi etisren, that those altars which hi'se fre, shall never be ascended by them, seitliout mi memento for O'Connell's soul. Or those fajthful~ -,popule whom lie liberated from bonidage-who were~ inrdcdby Isis exertions ntut all the blessings ~;thent~ic9tutinwiio are nio longer alians ini tihe ~lanil that gave them birth, but invested with thi riht of citizenship-need I implore of tteni, as~ ~t~hhytfe 1;rutitiele fer liis great servicess-as thoy~ Swolil toil brand theniselves for ever with the stin is -~moat disgraceful to humanity-to pledge tliemselveal Qby vow, in the presence of lila mortal cemsuins nowJ here before thent, that tihrougit life they shall be1 ýfaithful to his principles-that nothing shall ever he' able to beguile them again front that great theory established by him, which is the wonder of the world., anid which has won for his country so many blood-k less triumphs. We will pledge ourselves around hiss tomb to bury all our difl'erences in oblivion, and Fwork together for the interest of that country which he loved so well. We will pledge ourselves to main stain his principles inviolate-to violate no law of [God or man -to rely not on the sabre or artillery,b ~but ots the universal principle of truth, morality and justice, by which O'Connell achieved so many triumphs, by which his tasmo was rendered terrible to the oppressor, and the hope of the oppressed - which caused him to be held in veneration by mul titudes in every clime who had paid honour to his lifeless body, and were almost ready to sutfer death along with him on account of the great things that he effected. Joined together in the communion of that holy Roman Catholic Church of which he wash a faithful servant, by the love of which lie guidedý his people into liberty, and which enabled him 'toF triumph over so many difficulties ; united in ona common supplication around God's altar, let us implore for his soul eternal rest, invoking Saint! Patrick, the Apostle of our country, and the great saints innumerable that have shed a lustre upon thisi land of benediction-the martyrs who have sufTered for that church-and above all, that Mother a Mercy- that Star of the Sea-that Comfortress of the Afflicted, to whom, even in childish devotion, he addressed his supplications for her intercession. To her let our prayers ascend, that her virgin, spotless hands may be lifted to her divine Son, to obtain for "him a lot amongst the just for ever; that though his body may for a while be consigned to the grave, it may hear the note of triumph from the Archangel's trumpet calling upon it to be remitted to the spirit already in beatitude-to enjoy the crown that by his fidelity he hath secured -to receive the blessing of the Saviour, and to abide for all eternity with the, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, to whom be all honour, praise, and glory, now and for ever more.-Amen. 