LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. On Monday evening last a preliminary meeting was held at the "Eagle Tavern," Hindley-street, for the purpose of forming a Mechanics' Institute, and, judging from the at- tendance and the deep interest which was manifested by almost everyone present, we feel but'little doubt that before long it trill hot he-said that Adelaide alone, amongst the colonial metropolitan, towns, cannot .boast of a Me- chanics' Institute. The chair was occupled by Mr E. W. Andrews, who briefly explained the object of the meeting, and said that it was disgraceful that the city Should be thrown into the shade by some of the country villages. The meeting appeared to be more of a business than of a speechifying one, and some sound practical, advice as to their future proceedings was given- by W. Lang, Esq., the newly-arrived Moorunde magistrate, who, having declined to take the chair, when a resolution embodying the sense of the meeting for his presence and advice ivas proposed; said,, that he wanted no compliments, and that instead of their considering it an honor, he-considered it one to be preieut. Having pointed out the duty which all men owed to leave society in a better state than that Jn which they found it, and the benefits which would result from the im- provement of their intellectual and rational character, by such an institution as the one proposed, he observed that he would not be long amongst them, hut wo.utd be- called to a distant part of the country where he might be more useful. Although he was only recently arrived amongst them, and was hut a new colonist, he was old in the world,, and would advise them that the power to carry out tlieir intentions lay in the persons who subscribed the money, and they should depend first upon themselves instead of lookiug forward to patronage. There were many persons who would give ten guineas for a total subscription, but who would not like to belong to the Society so as to be classed as a yearly subscriber. A seeming show was not the thing, but they should have the object really at heart, and not allow persons to foist themselves upon the Society who did not.pay the money. Don't, said the speaker, be cursed with the ballot, which was the worst system which could be possibly adopted for the conducting of general business. He warned them against rejecting from their society such persons as were not of the same profession in life as themselves, for they found that all the. great disco- veries were not made by those who originally belonged to the particular science in which they bad enlightened man- kind. They need not care what a man called himself so long as he paid his money. He advised them also respec- ting the formation of their committees, and reminded them . if they were not right in their firBt choice they could cure in the second; and above all he exhorted.them not to be mislead by high sounding names. He had before subscri- bed to such an institution as a subscriber for life, and he reminded them th^f many gentlemen would do the same who would not otherwise join their ranks. He warned them against indulging iu the frothy things called know ledge, and recommended a system of sound, solid informa- tion. Mr Lang sat down amidst great applause.—Dr. Cotter also addressed the meeting, and strongly advised them to have the principal management in the hands of the mechanics themselves, two-thirds of whom, at least, should have the controlling of their own affairs. -Mr Parkinson was, as usual, very happy in his observations; and amongst other things, said, that in Hobart Town a Mechanics' In- stitute had rendered it fashionable to be scientific.— Va- rious resolutions were passed, and the Committee then appointed met at the same place on Thursday evening, when the rules for the consideration .of the general meet- ing where read. It was stated that his Excellency so far approved of the Institution that he had consented to be come its patron.—Now that the "Adelaide Mechanics' Insti- tute" is fairly afloat, tbera is very little reason to fear in the present position of the colony but th,at it will ride triumph- ant over the rocks upon which it has twice before split. Some skirmishing is reported to have occurred between, the Police and the natives, at Guichen Bay, but no official accounts have yet arrived to vouch for their authenticity. . A correspondent from Mount Gambier writes, that, up to the 2nd instant, for the preceding two months, they had not had one fine day. At the date of our communication the New South Wales mail was overdue, but could not cross the Glenelg. A hurdle race, that had been for some time on the: tapis among the sporting gentlemen about Mount Gambier,. came off lately ; —Mr Hunter's Blue Rover . won the prize with ease. The new bridge recently erected over the First Creek, near the Hospital, is now completed. It is built upon nine stout piles, and calculated, like Prescott's Bridge, over the Tor- rens, to which it leads, to withstand the floods and storms for years to come. The road is being repaired and ballasted, the hill cut away, and the trees cleared, so that whether the road be used (or business or pleasure, it will be found pieasant and convenient. The section belonging to the South Australian Company, abutting on this road, has been sold in parcels, apparently of about four and six acres, which are fencing in, and handsome residences about to be com- menced ; and fronting as they will the park land, which is there very picturesque, will be found very attractive to per- sons travelling on this road. We were very much disappointed iast Thursday night (Mrs Oliffe's benefit- night), at the Queen's Theatre, to find the whole performances far more calculated to sink the audience into the "arms of Porpus" than to create or keep up any more lively interest. The "star" of the evening did certainly display a most luminous profusion of fascinating smiles, and evidently did her best to please the obdurate spectators; but " all—all would not do." It is not, how- ever, Mrs Oliffe we blame. The play was " Wallace the Hero of Scotland." Wallace! poor .Wallace ! We trow ye had ane better claes and philibeg than the unes shabby- lookin' breacan an' a' o' your representative. Yes, the dresses were completely out of place. There was not a characteristic one in the whole representation: We would give the manager a friendly hint, that as the South Aus- tralians are. purposely blind to any little faults in his ma- nagement, he ought to indulge them occasionally at least with tolerable acting—not in his own person, on which we mean ho deprecating remarks, but in bis intolerable supporters and subordinates. Take, for,instance, Mr King,, in Hamlet, a short time ago. He did certainly "act well his part," bur, oh, bis supporters; especially that wretched,, tipsy representation of the Ghost. We really pitied poor Mr King, almost bursting: from vexation, listening to that abominably drawled "yarn"' of "The p-o-r-t-a- l-s of m-i-u-e e-a-r-s —" «the i-e-p-e-r-o- u-8 d-i-s-t-i-l-l-m-e-n-t," from' the haIf.seaa.over spirit. As we are hot writing a critique, we will ndf&rthef; go; but merely intimate that we should be pleased to see a .little more regard paid not ouly to the tastes but to the common understandings of the audiences; for, if the South Australians choose to be lenient, their courtesy ought not to be mistaken fot igno- rance, nor their silence for satisfaction. - 