IRELAND AND THE IRISH. a letter about tue departed leader. May 27, 1847. Wirra sthruc, Thady, the ould cock o' the walk is no more. The dear Irish boy, that somehow or another, wid all his faults an variations, twisted himself round the fibres of our Irish hearts, is only a clod o' the valley— lyin cowld an' low, far from tho mountain avchoes, an' the surgin' roar o' the wild ocean, an' tho merry music o' the poor desarted baygles, an' thesooth- in' softness o the Irish tongue. The dear knows I'm throubled. Errn, innu alive, lie mod us be talked about, an' thought about, an whin thim hired thieves in the Tunes' used to ho blowiu' us up, bespatthcrin' the landlords, ridieuliii' tho clargy, an' niakin' out tho poor counthiy peoplo to be no bettlier than brute beasts naboltlish if Eoor Dan didn't walk into 'ein like Billy Corry's ull dog into the lump o' carrion. We'll give him the berrin' of an Irish king, anyhow. 'Tis said they'll bring bini over in a Queen's vessel o' war, an' why not ? No, but 'tis in three ships, if the like could besarcumvintcd, lie should be carried hot her, an' as for Home, by the hand o' my body, Thudy, the stlirong lionhl of Christianity has more right to be proud of his heart that's in her possession at the present writin' than of all the parthenons an' collysenins, an' TcDeunis that ever the 'popes an' cardinals an' iniperors invintcd. Oh, murdlier, what 'II become of us, Thady jewel, now that the man in the gap is gone. Who'll give three stliraws for a perusal of the Irish papers, whin once the ould chief is ondlicr ground ? 'Pon my conscience, 'tisn't clear to me, but that oven these little li- tlierary recreations of my own refined leisure hours, '11 bo passed by liko the war songs o' tho Nation an' the hullyin' o' tho Pilot, there '11 bo such a vacuum, an' political readers, like nature, j abhors the like. Come what come may, ho it known to you, Mr. Douohue, that I've made up my mind to amputate my wattle from both parties. The dickens restive the ghost of nnotlier rap '11 go from me to support strollin' captius, shuck suc- , com! hand ghitleinin, or to buy dips for the Mu- j sic Ilall. The only light worth liourishin' is gone out, nnd I never could stand toseoafartliin' caudle takin' the place of a brilliant lamp — Would you blame me, Thady? Well, God be wid him; anyhow — lie was a fine iri-hman wid all his faults, and if he was afthcr liouldin' me lip to the jecrin' shout of a " monster meeting," ; nnd that 1 was skroodged till there wasn't a dliry ; rag on me, or a corn that was not as tindher as a ' relief committee's reputashin, still and for all, i there was fine music m his voice,' and hisouhlcst i joke was equal to a plate of toast and a bowl of coffee. I was hint, my dear Thady, on enlarging on the state of affairs in a gincral sinse, but, by dad, there is a weight on my mind, aud a sort of tightness about iny throat an' stomach, that leaves mo totally unfit for logical argumentation, or the like ; so we'll put it off for a while, like Lord Cloncurry's knockin' at the. union ; bo my word that same ould giiitleniim's knuckles ought to bo in fine ordlicr, after the long rest they had. So now Thady, my buck, 'tis wisliin' you good evenin' I'll be — an' hopin' that God may comfort the heavy in heart an' the poor. I'm vour's in health or sickness, to command. Terry Driscoll. Mr. Donohue, St. Giles's, London. ' 