£gb3k&sbbcrnbmh3ssh59bsgbhbbinabzkzseiaszfibsz; THE STORY OF A FEATHER. By Douglas Jerrold . 4 And I want to be kind to yon, if you will let me aaid the woman. 'Now there is that Mr. Curl- well.' ' Pray do not speak of him.' said' Patty. A nice, kind, affable man ; older than you, to be sure ; but die when he will, he will leave you snug Suppose now— .1 merely suppose, he could get jou out of this trouble, if you'd only marry him? Sup pose I say there was nothing between death and the chnrch, what would you do?' Patty, who had been gazing at me, laid me down upon the table, and, looking full at the woman, an swered in a calm deep voice, — ' Die !' ' You woold never be so wicked ?' cried Mrs. Traply. ' I will never be so wicked,' said Patty. ' so false, so'cruelly deceitful towards any men, as to vow a love where my heart sickens.' 4 Yes, my dear, but to die,' said Mrs. Traply. ' But to live,' cried Patty, with quick earnest ness ; " to live and be a daily hypocrite ; to feel a daily headache; to shudder even at a word of ten derness ; to loathe one's self for seeming content- happy ! Where all this is, what can be life ? Oh no I' said Patty, with a gentle smile, ' I have fhoughj of death, and indeed I can die,' ' Ha ! my dear, that is often our pride and vani" ty tp think so. But what, when yon go out of the world with a bad name — with the world, my love, always to have something to say against you ?' "Terrible, very terrible,' said Patty, placing her handfto her brow, but 1 have thought of this too; and it is little, with thoughts of innocence.' ' Yes my dear, but you must own there is a hard trial between Newgate and that. Ha ! at this mo ment, pc or things,"— and again Mrs. Traply looked at the dutch clock — 'at this very moment, they're taking their last sup at the Pounds. Ha, there's the trial, nay love.'7 Patty trembled from head to fcot, and I-tould see her litile hands work convulsively— could see the fighting of her heart, to keep the terror down, as Mrs. Traply for the kindest purpose, as she thought, painted the horrors of the death journey from New gate to Tyburn. " You don't know what it is, child or you would not talk in that way. Ha ; my dear its very differeut to going with a party, and sitting at a. window to see the poor things in the cait; that's very different to being one of 'em, you know. But you don't listen to me?' The woman spoke the truth, for Patty sunk be neath, the struggle of her feelings, and lay insensre ble in the chair. Chapter XXV. Patty is visited by Mrs. Gaptooth and Curlrvell— Offer of Marriage. At this noment there was a knock at the door 4 Come in,' cried Mrs. Traply, not stirring from her charge. The door was opened, and Mrs.- Gaptcoth and Curlwell, the valet immediately entered. La 1 and is it you?' cried Mrs. Trapley. Here she is, poor thing ! but she'll be better now you're come, Mr. Curlwell,' and the woman thtew what she beiieved to be a very speaking look at the vale/, giaced, to 3, with a preuy bridling of the neck. "Poorsoul! poor heart! — Well, if ever! cried Cttrlwell; and he then stared at Patty, with knitted eyebrows and open mouth. ' Who'd a thought-it ?"' he then cried. 'If Newgate lasn't made her all the bejuiifuller. Ha ! Mrs. Gaptooth, she's a lily that would grow anywhere; agoldeii flower she is i I could perceive that Mrs. Gaptooth, had the most contemptuous opinion of Curlwell's taste; and this opinion she telegraphed to Mrs. Cramp, who by her mute acknowledgment of the intelligence, showed that she considered the valet as a poor, facinated lost man. I'll spend a hundred pounds upon her,' cried the valet with magnanimous energy. ' Not u on at o her -mau's wife, I should think. You'd never be so extravagant as that Mr. Curl wel 1?' cried the full fed oJy hag. ' What do you mean, ma'em V asked Mr. Curl- well. " Another man's wife, ma'mr" ' Certainly If the gal will marry you, why you know best, and may buy your wife out o' Newgate ; but if, like a proud, saucy jtlt as she may be, she won't have nothing to do with you, why, your only saving an ungrateful thing from Tybiiru; to be for what you know wife to some other man. That's my meaning, Mr. Curlwell, said the hideous woman. 4 To be sure,' said Mrs. Traply ; the gentleman ought not to lay his money out iu the dark. He ought to know what's what first. It's but reason able." ' I'll spend a hundred pounds upon the dear crea ture,' repeated the valet1 ' She's coming to," said Mrs. Traply. ' Go into the next room — he may, my dear, mayn't he ?— and, when the girl's quite recovered you cau get an answer." Thus councilled Mrs. Gaptooth. Mr. Curlwell again muttered his determination to lay out a hundred pounds, and passed into the ad joining room. Mrs. Gaptooth slowly turned her bead, following him with a pitying sneer. She then rose and approached Patty, ' A hundred pounds and for a nose like that ! If the blessings of money arn't thrown u on some peeple i There you're better, to be.stare you are,?' said Mrs Traply,' and it was very foolish of you to talk on so Bless your pc or heart, you'll never suffer anything ot the sort not you. No, no, you've too many good friends about you, if you would only let them be your fiiends.' ' I am better," said Patty leaning her brow, as if in pain, upon her hand. ' It was weak of me too, — but pray say ro moie of it.' ' There your colour's coming like a carnation,' said Mrs. Traply, and since you've been ill, some iriends have come to see you." 'Mr. Liutley?' cried Patty, with sparkling eye's and animated face. 'No, not Mr. Lintiey, but- ' Ere the woman could end the sentence, Mrs Gap tooth showed herself, approaching Patty. 1 shall never forget the two faces. They seemed the incar nate expression ef confident wickedness and alarmed innocence. " When I first saw the old woman at Madam'e Spanneu's, I confess 1 was tricked into a re spect for her; she seemed so meek, so mild, so ma tronly. And now — perhaps it was from seeing her in contrast with Patty— I felt for her a loathing, a disgust ! This feeling was strengthened by what I witnessed in the turnkey's room. The old woman overlaying herb oad ripe face with a smile— a laborious look of complacency— made up to Patty. As she approached, the face of the girl changed a marble paleness ; her eyes looked darker and darker; and her mouth became rigidly curved, with an ex pression of mingled fear and %:orn. Once, as from some ungovernable impulse, she shivered from head to sole. She grasped the arms of the chair, and she shrank back as the old woman came nearer to her. She seemed possessed by some terrible antipathy — some irreprvssible loathing — that, in its intensity, made her powerless. Still Mrs. Gaptooth, with her undaunted smiles, advanced. S< e was about to lay her hand on Patty, when, with almost a snnek, the giil leaped from her chair. " Creature ! touch me not !" Pally exclaimed with a vehemence that surprised me. She then passion - a ely seized Mrs Traply by the hand, begging pro tection from that' horrid woman.' As Patty spoke the words, the shadow of a black heart darkened the woman's face; in one brief mo ment' I beheid within it the iniquities ot a long, noisome life. The old crone stood for a moment eyeing the girl like a bau.ked witch. It was a hide ous sight. ' You're a foolish, fly-away puss,' said Mrs. Gap toolh, rallying herself, and again essaying her cus tomary smile, though I could methe harridan anil shaking with passion. ' 1 come to do you good, and you call me wicked names. — H-i.l you have much to 8nswer for — you have.' 4 1-kuow the good you would offer,' said Pally; ' you have offered.it before. . I was helpless, alone, withdut a friend ; and, theretore. you offered it.1 — Oh I and 'Patty cried as from a crushed heart—4 shame upon you !' - ' You silly little child P said Mrs, Gaptooth, stiy striving to trample upon her passion. 'You foolish ( little pel I' she cried, and, laughing, would have play- 3ambrwgra'tviinnww'it'"i'ij' i-1"1 — — — — fully pinced Patty's cheek, but the gtrl with a look repelled her — ' There, you silly creature 1' she con tinued, ' all I said about a lord, and a fine gentleman and a carriage, and gay clothes, and all that, was only a tale — a story to try you. Now there is no lord in the case ; but an honest, worthy gentle man.' ' You loose your pains,' said Patty, again restored to her composure. 4 He can and will take you out of this place,' cried the invine b'e Mrs." Gaptooth, 4 and make you his lawful, wedded wife. Do- you hear what I say, child ?'— his lawful, wedded wife4 What say you now, Patty ?'1 4 I say again to you,' answered the girl, with the natural dignity of a pure heart—' I say again, you lose your pains, woman. Go. Patty had overcome the patience of Mrs. Gaptooth. That ignominious word, woman /—that name so stung its UDwoithy possessor, that the old crone gave up her tongue to most unlimited indulgence. At this moment I observed the door open', and apothecary Lintly, followed by some one whose face I could not see, was about to enter. He, however, shrank back, the door remaining ajar. The noise caused by Mrs'. Gaptooth enabled Lituley to make this backward movement without being noticed. 4 1 was hap, y, at least I was content, when you, like some bad thing,' said Patty, ' when you beset my daily walk — when you followed me to my home —when you uttered words to me. You an old woman that should have advised, have comforted a helpless creature like. myself— when you tempted me with — but you know the wickedness, the shame ! It was to avoid you, who seemed to taint my life, I left a' comfortable home— lost the means of certain bread. I wa9 driven — by Want and sickneSs driven — to the miserable house, when the most cruel accident— — ' 'Accident! Ila! ha!' chuckled Mrs. Gaptooth. ' Accident put a gold watch in a lady's bed ! And do you know what comes of such acci dents ?' Patty looked pityingly upon the hard-hearted creature, saying — ' Yes ; I know,' ' And now; you would have the impudence to abuse me— who would have been your best friend — you, standing there, so bold and glib, do you know that you mayn't have another month to live ?' 'Oh, Mrs. Gaptooth!' cried the turnkey's wife moved by the fiendish malice of the hag. ' She does not hurt me ; let her speak,' said Patty, with a patient, yet a worn and wearied look. ' It is very true/ she then said, turning to the wretched woman, ' another month — or less— and I may be with the dead. I do not fear to go to them ; and that, your own heart will tell you so— nothing better— that is much. Let me then seem to you a dying creature ; and with my dying breath, let me— poor, wretched woman 1— let me pray you to repent. Consider it; what a weight of broken hearts is upon your soul! What daily misery, what nights of honor, fall to your accounti Repent, I say ; or what, indeed, will be the last hour to you ? There wbs a moment's pause. The old woman had recoiled, shrunk beneath the quiet energy of soul With which Patty addressed her. There was a pause ; and the woman with a tenacity of evil— a- daring re solution not to be awed and beaten by a girl— shrieked at her. 4 You to preach to roe ! To me 1 Now, I tell you what — I tell you whar,' screamed. the h. r'idan, ap proaching Patty with clenched trembling fists.— 4 I'll see you hanged — I'll see you hanged 1 If I give twenty guineas for a window, I'll see you hanged— I'll see you hanged 1 Twenty guineas! Twenty guineas 1' The door opened, and Apotheeary Lintiey, followed by Mr. Inglewood— whom we trust the reader has not who'ly forgotton — entered the room. 4 What wretched creature is this V asked Lintiey, looking at Mrs. Gaptooth, as she stood writiing and spent withe xecration. She, however, made one Ust raging effert ; for burst ing into a load hysteric laugh, she exclaimed, 4 Twenty guineas to see her hanged! Twenty guineas 1' And wiioping, the old demoniacal woman rushed from the room. Chapter XXVI. A conspiracy against Patty. — More visitors to New" gate.-— The Misses Peachick. ' Don't you say you wanted to see the prison ?' asked Traply of Patty ; for the turnkey became more im patient of the unprofitable delay of herself and friends. Patty instantly grasped the hand of Mrs. Lintiey, and looking farewell to the apolhecary and Inglewood, with a orced smile upon her face, hurried from the room, followed by Traply. ' God help her "exclaimed Lintiey. Amen — amen !' cried Inglewood, as from a writhing heart. Mrs. Lintiey could say nGthine, weeping, placed her arm beneath her husband's, who, pressing it in token of conciliation, led her away. Nobody remained save the widow, her maid Becky, and Mrs. Trapiy; the widow exclaimiag against the stonyheartednees of all the world, and the turnkeys wife eloquently sympathising with her. The passion ofMrs.Carmp drew and grew with nursitif ; at length in a paroxysm of love and grief, she vo wed she would give her lasi shilling to the lawyers, rather than see her Edward murdered. Poor, departed Mr. Cramp ! How — thought I — would if irk your ghost, could it know that ail the harvest of your daily shuffling — all the bright, bless- bestowing guineas, for which for a long life you played at bo- peep with the devil. — All were to be emptied into into the bags of law, to, save a highwayman for your disconsolate mate ! Had Joseph Cramp toiled, and edged, and scraped, and all to buy from Tyburn a husband for his widow ? Mrs. Traply was at length left alone, when, with housewife alacrity, putting her room straight, she placed me in a bureau amongst her other treasures. As she did so, she cried, 4< There's so many people about that Patty, she'll never be able to put it to rights. If she gets, off, I dare say she'll be like the rest, and never think of the kindness she's had in Newgate; acid if she should'nt, why then the thing's impossible.' It was thus the turnkey's wife specu lated upon the life and death of Patty Butler — upon the condition of an ostrich feather! I was shut up in an old wainscot bureau, through which the lighi glimmered in twenty creaks, though not sufficiently to allow me to discern surrounding objects. I could, however, distiuguish nearly every word that was uttered, though the sound came to me somewhat muffled. Hence, there was enough to alarm me for poor Patty. One whole day I was left in continual terror. Poor, dear Patty! I pictured her to myself in that dreary prisou surrounded by ob jects or misery and vice in their thousand dreadful apparitions. Days passed on, and from what 1 eould bear, next day was appointed for the trial of Olickly A brain and his confederate, as she was called, Patty Butler. Now it was the custom of Mrs, Traply — 1 know not whether it be common to the sex — to visit th trea sures of her bureau, at least once a day. She would take up and hang over, and smile at d not at various odds and ends of silk, and ribband and ace; and now and then sigh at an old fan, as though itb ought back to her the days when she danced at C .jester with Sir Mohawk Brush. It happened then thai Mrs. Traply, in a mild, me lanchoiy niuod, took me, the. morning before the trial from my dark abiding:plaee. What she purposed with rue 1 know not, but she was about to co.iry me from the room, when she was arrested in her intent by the softe e"d tone of her husband. I concluded that he was about to introduce Newgate visitors into, his domestic retreat. I was right. The turnkey | showed into his room three ladies and a gentleman ; ! and as they entered, Mrs. Traply at the same time, eourtseyed,and flung me on the top of the bureau. I The male and one of the female visitors I at once recognised to be Mr. arid Mrs. Flamingo, under whose auspices it may be remembered, I was dressed for the Prince of Wales's oradle. They were accom- panied by two elderly ladies; and I will here set down what I subsequently learned. They were mai den sisters, Miss Amelia and Leonora Peathick, of man-trap. Park in the county of Devonshire. They seemed at first sight, as indeed, they afterwards pro ved, sweet, good hearted old women. Age and ce libacy had not-soured their tempers, but 'mellowed them. I have indeed remarked through life, that, where the female heart withstands the withering chilling influence of singleness, it becomes rich, ri pened by a thousand virtues, that render it one of the jioblest hearts of the world. And thus.it was with the Misses. Peathick. Every day they vowed they would star for Man trap Park there to enu their days, forgetlul if pos sible, of the horror# they had seen, and every day-Mr. and Mrs. Flamingo prevailed upon them .to lengthen there visit, there was something yet so beautiful — so interesting", they must "behold. What would their friends in Devonshire say if they did not. I know not if destiny had ordered it as a reward or trial of the virtues of the maiden Peaehicks, that they should be sent as first floor lodgers to the house of Flamingo; there, however thfey were, and under the potent persuaion of the feather merchant, there they promised some time to remain. . It was in- vain they protested they had seen enough. of London ! Mr. Flamingo knew better. 4 My dear madam,' said- Flamingo, 4 there's more to see yet.' 4 We've seen quite enough of London,' cried Ame lia. . 4 Quite enough,' said Leonora; ' and nothing that is innocent and fit for Christian : people to see but Mr. Garrick,- the wax work, Westminister Abbey, and' 4 The Tower and Bedlam -is thought something of' said Flamingo with a critical air. 44 Oh i the king's crown and the jewels are very well— very respectable and all that. But, Bedlam ' — Well, 1 do hope,! cried Miss Amelia, with the tears in her eyes — " 1 do hope that the -people . aie really mad, for then they can't know how badly they use 'em.' 4 Come along.. I shall die if I stop . here,' said Miss Leonora, 4 Pray, come, Mr. Flamingo.' 4 Certainly— to. be sure; and. then on our way back we can peep at the debtors through, the bars of the Fleet. Bless you, -ladies ; you- have not -seen half of London; there is enough to delight jou yet! for a week.' The maiden sisters, without an answer, fluttered about the room, Mr. and Mrs; Flamingo, with, sup pressed laughter, following them, and Mr. Traply conveying to his wife, by the eloquence of his looks the most contemptuos opinion of his visitors. The day passed— the next day came. . It was the first day of the sessions. Mrs. Traply had taken me from. the top of the bureau, where T remained from the first aypearance of the Miss Peaehicks. She stood pondering I know not what; holding me between her fingers, when her husband,— it was a busy day— hurried in. 4 There you are again, thinking of nothing but that cust feather," he cried1 snatching me from her hands, and about to thrust me into the fire. He then paused, and thrusting me- under bis waistcoat, ran from the room; his wife- vainly clamouring after him. In a few minutes,— for I could.peep very well from the bosom of the turnkey — I was in the cour-t of the Old Bailey. It was the duty of Traply, to stand in the dock near' to the prisoners. He took his place close to Click Abram and Patty Butler— there arid then ar raigned before the Bench. Chapter XXVII The Trial of Click Abiam and Patty Butler. As the highwayman glanced ronud the court it- was plain he felt the greatness ofhis reputation He was to be tried before a most crowded and fashionable assembly. His courtesies of Finchley and Houns- low had not been lost on a reflecting world, that thronged to see a thief who robbed a lady of her watch, as though it had been her heart;, who would pick a pocket with tlie like mingled grace and sere nity with which a statesman would propose a money bill. Clicky Abram had elevated, his. profession ! he had made robbery like war,— ait tlie worst as peo- plo say, but a necessary evil. If— I thought at t'me the perversity of an English jury should send the highwayman to that place where the cardmaker abi ded; what misery might the widows lover wrak upon the husbands ghost. But no ! it was impossi ble. Hang a man with such a smile upon his fact such ruffles a this wrists, such a coat upon his back, No law could be so arrogant. Clicky Abram was not a thief, No ; he stood in the dock, a graceful light hearted gentleman, summoned for some good he had performed to receive a s.ntence of thanks from a grateful generation. Patty stood beside the highwayman.' She was pale and, after a brief time, tranquil as a statue. When she entered the docjf, a momentary blush, deep as blood, covered her face and arms ; and she stood, sttuggling against the beating jot htr heart The highwayman p ayed his gallantry; for he bowed arid smiled very powerfully on his fellow prisoner ; he could not have been more polite to the. widow ar Ranelagh. I looked round the house, and to my surprise saw many of my old acquaintances.- Seated close to the bench, with her eyes upon the highwayman, was Lady Dinah Willoughby. She of cour>e came, to give a day's recreation to her breaking h- ar , she was tnere to solace her sorrows with a. hig way man in jeopardy of Tyburn. Not far from Lady Dinah sat the owners of Man trap Park, the Miss Peaehicks; They looked about the court, and then in each ohers :aces, and then to the highwayman and Patty, and then threw up their hands and eyes in wondering agitation. Lintiey, his wile, and Inglewood were together. Once only did Inglewood exchange a glance, with Patty. He then seemed to avoid her, seemed as though he had retired into Iris soul, and was there praying for her deliverance. The apothtca y bowed to Patty, who meekly smiled. Mr. Curlwell was amonrr the crowd, fidettv and- restless. Now he looked at Patty — now he blew his nose — and now he appealed for. tranquillity tor his snuffbox, that box — crested with a dolphin with tail in his mouth, Latin and everything proper— wtiich the valet had proclaimed in the round house, on the night he had assaulted with his intentions the young feather dresser in the Strand. Tne trial b gan. The indictment charged Abram with stealing a watch and certain moneys on the highway, and Fatty with aiding, abetting and com forting the evil doer, .The firtt witness called was Andrew Bishop. His examination ran on to these two facts, first that, Clicky Abram had put a pistol to his head ; the other, that Abram had taken both his purse and his watch. Mr. Clicky himself cross- examined the witness; and with an elegant subtlety of manner that would have done honour to the coii. In vain : tne witness was too obstinate to be puzzled. He would not stir from the two facts. Shadrach Jacobs was the next witness, and proved that, he had sold the watch to Bishop, that there was a man, drinking and singing with the supercargo, very like tne gentleman at the bar, but not the gen tleman. There was a girl with the man ; and that girl — Shadrack Jacobs would swear it was the girl in the dock. And then came the evidence of Ha dmouth and two watchmen They traced the prisoner to his lodgings in Bloomsbury from whence he had e ;caped. The watch was fotiud in the bedol the female priso. ner after Abram had escaped from the room. Several other witnesses swore that Abram was in Gloucester on the night of the robbery. Mr, Lintiey bore testimony to the worth and good, ness of Patty, and Mr. Fiamiugo deposed that the female prisoner he always thought a very honest wo- woman. And now the highwayman was called upon to make bis defeuce, in which he reviewed the evidences of the several witnesses, with great elo quence. Patty was then called upon. Her defence was sim ply— 'Not guilty.' . The Judge briefly summed up; and as I thought bore hard upon Clicky Ab am. The jury having retired lor a few minutes, return ed into court. The veruict wa< then given. "Mr. Ciickly Abram, guilty ; Martha Butler, not guilty.' A loud shriek rang from ihe gallery, and then poor Mrs. Cramp screaming ' Murder, murder!' fell in the hands of her faithful handmaid. Mr. and Mr3, Lintiey, Inglewood, and lastly the two Miss Peathieks, forced their way to the duck to :grasp the hand of Patty. Chapter XXVIII. 1 again meet with Patiy Butler — Her Marriage— Con clusion. My story now approaches. its end, After the trial I fell into the hands of an undertake and .having, been takeu by one of iny muster's men to an ale- house, where I was given to the bur-maid. I was not doomed to stop long in her possession, but being -.very much disfigured, I was given to a Mr. Bunkle proprietor ot a dromedary and monkey. I was clap ped as an ornament in the monkey's bonnet. My master continued to travel rom place to place, and at length one day arrived at Mantrap Park, the abode ol the two Miss Peaehicks— the lodgers of Flamingo— the visitors of Newgate—the siuipje, sym pathising creatures wh>, touched by the early s. >r- rows, the sweet patience of Patty Butler, had car ried her away with them from London ; and in the solitude of the country, and tended and comforted her How they loved her ! It was not until after the accident that released im-gfrom the bonnetofthe monkey, that I learned the £ od fortune of Patty. I have, however, set it dowD in this place, that I might as early as possible please the reader with the news of Patty's happiness. My master, with his treasured beasts, approached the lionse; and in a moment were at the window the good natured faces of the owners of the mansion. A moment more, and Patty appeared Bless her! how happy she seemed. With this thought I continued to gaze at Patty, when the monkey approached the window. For a moment I thought of-the poor -feather dresser, in that garret of death, with want and worst temptation around her. The next moment, and a huge dog, the pet c." the Miss Perfebicks, rushed I know not whence upon the monkey, seizing the monkey in his jaws. The servants ran from the house, and in a trice the frightened monkey was carried into the parlour. Happily the animal had "suffered noihiog but fright from the jaws of the dog, aud my master as he al lowed, was well satisfied for any anxiety he might have suffered on account ol poor pug, went his way This fortunate accident, however allowed me to re main in the house, having fallen from the monkey's cap in the confusion. . Immediately after the trial, Patty had been carried to Man trap Park, the Miss Peaehicks declaring that from that moment they adopted her as a younger sis- ter. And Patty was happy ? Nevertheless, her heart was not single : it was— even ere she well knew it — wedded to Inglewood ; and disease, a slow yet cer tain disease was wasting him. His only hope said Mr. Lintiey, 4 is in a'speedy removal to a warm cli mate. Then, perhaps, could he remain for some two or three years, why— perhaps/ and still the doctor hesitated; he could give no strong assurance of the benefit of that last hope Solemn, yet hopeiul was the parting of Inglewood and Patty. Every month brought better news from the reviving man— every month #aw new cheerful ness in Patty's eyes. 44 It is from Inglewood," said Miss . Leonora Pea- chick, as the postman at length knocked. A few moments, and Patty her eyes swimming, with tears, placed the opened fetter in the hand of the eldest lady. 41 knew it was from Inglewood," she cried, and how she .trembled as she read ' Portsmouth ,r— . " To-morrow I return. The Earl has added to the obligation which enabled me "to travel, the means of competence ; a. small but sufficient curacy in your neighbourhood To- morrow, aud i claim a wife., 44 Thine, with deepest love, 44 Robert Inglewood. 'You shall be married the day after,'' said the elder Miss Peachick, " Or if not, the .day after that," added the youn- Ser- ' Inglewood returned, and Patty in due season, he- came the curate's wife. Lintiey, who had made good advances in the world, attended the solemnity, ac companied by his worthy spouse: and many and placid were the days rewarding the first trials of the gentle, all enduring feather dresser.- concluded from our last. 