QUARTER SESSIONS, April 7 1847. W. H. MACKIE, ESQ. CHAIRMAN. James Malcolm, indicted for the wilful murder of Clarke Gordon. The Advocate General opened the proceedings on the part of the prosecution, and addressed the Jury at some length, detailing the circum- stances attending the crime and the evi- dence which would be brought before them. The prisoner was undefended. The first witness called was John Ferguson, Colonial Surgeon.— Early on Monday, the 8th of last January, I saw the deceased Clarke Gordon, at the house of John Butterworth, I found him lying on the floor in a state of almost in- sensibility. His pulse rather stronger and a little quicker than usual, his breathing heavy, his face- pale and covered, with a clammy perspiration, he smelled of liquor, the right eye was much bloodshot, the ball covered with blood, and a slight abrasion on the right temple. He was removed the same day into the hospital in Perth. The impression on my mind then, was that his State was caused by drink, he lay perfectly still, breathing strongly, the skin got hot and dry, the pupils of both eyes contracted. I bled him to the extent of 6 or 8 ounces, but with no good effect; from the first time I saw him I considered him in a dying state, he died about 10 o'clock in the fore- noon of Saturday the 9th. I opened his body in the evening of that Saturday; on dividing the scalp of the right temple, the muscle underneath the abrasion was much discolored and the fibre ruptured, evi- dently by a very severe blow. On remo- ving the skull-cap, there was very nearly two table spoonfuls of extravasated blood under the dura mater; a suffusion of blood to such an extent was of itself sufficient to cause death. I am quite confident the state of the muscle could not have been caused by a fall, such an injury would be very probably caused by the blow of bludgeon or blunt instrument ; I account for the smallness of the abrasion by the intervention of a hat or something similar. I opened the stomach but found nothing but some bile and a thin fluid. A blow from such a stick as the one produced, would very probably cause the injury the the muscle and the accompanying rupture of a blood vessel, and a suffusion of blood ; I I found the trace of ardent spirits in the stomach. My opinion is that the deceased received two blows-one on the right eye, and the other on the right temple. The discoloration of the right eye could not, in my opinion have been caused by a fall, but must have been caused by a blow. In my opinion the suffusion of blood was the im- mediate result of a very severe blow, and must have immediately have inflicted an injury which was sure to have terminated fatally. John Byrne,—I know the prisoner ; about noon on Wednesday, the 6th Janu- ary, he came into my shop at Mr. Samuel Moore's he said he had come to meet Don Serra there. From half an hour to an hour after Malcolm arrived, the decea- sed came to my shop and asked for 2s. which my wife owed him for a basket; I said I had no silver but had a pound note. He said he could give me change, he sat down on a block near the door of my shop, and took out a small bag with a string round it, and took out a pound note and laid it down on the block and counted out the change and gave it me and I gave him the note; Malcolm was looking at Gordon and must have seen him take out the one note and receive the second note from me. Gordon had some silver, apparently some shillings, remaining. He put both the notes and his remaining silver into his bag, and placed it either into a trousers pocket or a waistcoat pocket. Deceased remained about ten minutes, and then went away, saying he was going downwards, which is understood np the river, as meaning down to Guildford or Perth. Prisoner remained to dine with me; he said then he was going to Guildford. I asked if he was going to Jones? he said it was contrary to the Bi- shop's orders for any of his people to go to Jones', and that the Bishop had not given him money or orders to go to Jones'. I understood him to say he had no money to go to Jones' with. I understood him to mean that he was destitute of money. He said that he would stop at Gibbon's at Guildford, for the Bishop had ordered people from the College or Chapel to stop at Gibbon's. He left my place on horse- back about an hour, more or less, after de- ceased had left it, and took the usual di- rection to Guildford. The next morning I saw him on foot at my shop, about nine o'clock ; he merely asked how all at home were, and then went away. Prisoner told me he was going to spend the night at Gibbon's. By the Jury.—Prisoner had no conver- sation with Gordon ; neither of them ap- peared to recognise the other. The bag which Gordon had was a dirty looking bag, of duck or canvass with a running string to it. By the Prisoner—When I first saw the prisoner at Mr Moore's, on the Wednes- day, he was drawing some water from the well, I invited him to my shop to have a glass of spirits; prisoner and I had some conversation about a double barrel gun of Mr Serra's, We had two glasses of spirits each. William Gibbon—I live at Guildford, close to Mrs Steel's. On Wednesday, the day of the last Quarter Sessions, somewhen between 4 and 5 o'clock, prisoner rode up to my house; he put his horse (a light bay or chesnut horse blind of an eye) up at my gate. He left a bundle and a pannican in my house. He told me he was going to Perth on a stolen trip; he said he did not want the Bishop or the priests to know of his going to Perth. He did not say he was looking for Don Serra, nor did he mention Don Serra's name. He asked me the way to the post office, which I showed him, but I observed that he rode straight down the Perth road, without going towards the post office. I saw no money in his possession then. The same Wednesday, about an hour after nightfall, Malcolm re- turned to my house and asked permission to tie up his horse. I directed him to Mrs Steele's or Jonathan Jones'; while I was showing him the way to Mrs Steel's he hauled 5s out of his waistcoat pocket, and and asked me to go for a bottle of grog; I declined but I asked a man named Mar- tin who lives with me to go for some grog, but he also declined ; Malcolm shortly af- terwards returned from Mrs. Steel's, upon which I returned him his 5s., which he put back into his pocket. He then went away having given my little girl a sixpence. I did not see any more money in his pos- session. I asked him if he had been to Perth? he said "no he had not" for that he was afraid of the Bishop or priests see- ing him and thought, after he had gone very near the causeway, that he had better turn back. He appeared confused or frightened. By the Prisoner.—I did not see Priso- ner go to the post office. Thomas Waters — Stated that the de- ceased was at his house on the day in question, and that he paid him 13s., he then appeared perfectly well and in good spirits and was in a great hurry; a minute or two after Gordon left, Malcolm arrived on a dark bay or chesnut horse. I think it most probable that he saw Gordon leaving my premises, as he could not have been more than 100 to 150 yards distant from him, when Malcolm entered my premises. Malcolm told me he had come to order 2 casks of wine for the Bishop, and that he was going to Perth for a cart for the wine, and that it would be paid for in cash. The prisoner lingered with me in such a man- ner as to excite my attention; I remarked that he was fidgetty and uneasy, and that he kept looking at the sun so much that I wondered what he could be about. The prisoner left my place within an hour be- fore sunset, and more than an hour, as it appeared to me after Gordon had left. By the Jury—Prisoner did not offer me any money or show me any money. Anne Steele—On Wednesday, the 6th January, I was returning to Guildford from Perth, when I met the deceased about ¼ mile before I got on the hard road, I noticed that he looked uncommonly well, he was perfectly sober and had no marks of violence on his person. I walked about a mile after leaving Gordon when I met the prisoner on horseback going towards Perth. About three quarters of an hour after I reached home, prisoner came to my house on horseback, I asked him if he was not the same person I had met that after- noon on the road to Perth ; he said "yes," but that he had returned without going to Perth, from fear of being seen by the Bi- shop or his employer. He spent that night at my house, and paid between 8 and 9 shillings for expenses of himself and horse. He left the next morning after breakfast James Whittington—On the day in question, I met Gordon walking down to Perth, about 100 yards on the Guildford side of Barndon's old house, he said good evening to me and appeared all right and perfectly well. About 100 yards after I had passed Gordon I met a man riding to- wards Perth, on a chesnut horse with short tail; I bid him good evening, but he did not answer me or say a word to me, but kept looking straight before him towards Gordon. I think he could have seen him the ground just there being very clear. I passed within 20 feet of him, but did not take particular notice of him. He was dressed in a bright red frock or cloak, from anything I know or can say, it might have been a red shirt. The sky was overcloud- ed for rain, but there was some reflection from the setting sun. David Ronayne— I know the prisoner was in the employ of the Priests at the Catholic Chapel. I know that the people employed in that chapel have long scarlet cloaks. John Chipper—Proved the signature of the committing magistrate to the examina- of the prisoner, in which he acknowledged having met the witness Whittington oppo- site Barndon's old house. Maria Butterworth—On the day after the last Quarter Sessions, two native men and a native woman came to my house and said there was an old white man lying dead on the road, I said I supposed he was drunk and would bye and bye jump up, and told them not to quibble. They said he was not drunk but dead or dying. I was by myself in the house at the time, but I ac- companied them on the Guildford road to- wards Barndon's old house. They first drew my attention to a stick lying in the road, I did not pay any attention to the stick. They then shewed me the body of a man lying on the left hand side of the road, and nearly on the opposite side of the road to that on which the stick lay. The man had a waistcoat on but no jacket, with coarse duck trowsers on. He was lying on his face a little on one side of the road. With the aid of the natives I turned him over. I then knew him to be Clarke Gor- don. Blood had trickled from his nose and temple, and his mouth was full of sand and clotted blood; there was the trace of clotted blood on the right temple, and a little scratch of the size of a 4d. bit on his right temple. His face was purple and his right eye dreadfully swollen and black; his hat lay two or three yards from his body. From the marks on the sand, it appeared to me that he had a struggle in defending himself. I saw no money except two pen- ny pieces lying on the sand, which the na- tives first pointed ont to me. The witness then detailed the measures she took for the recovery of Gordon until her husband re- turned from work in the evening, when, with the assistance of John Crane, he was removed to her house, and they then gave him tea and a small quantity of spirits, they also bathed him with hot water and placed hot bricks to his feet. During the whole the deceased did not utter a distinct word, his enunciatiation being inwardly, he ap- peared to say, "oh dear," lifting his hand to his head. John Crane—Corroborated the evidence of the last witness, as to the removal of the body of the deceased, and the means taken for his recovery. John Chipper—I arrested the prisoner in the Toodyay district. I told him the charge and he appeared overcome for a minute or two, he then said ''why you put me all in a totter, but I always am so whenever anything alarms me." He de- nied that he knew anything of the deceased I said that it was useless for him to deny it, for that it would be proved that he had seen Gordon at Mr S. Moore's; he then said he recollected him, he also said he had been down nearly to Perth on Wed- nesday, but had turned back from some cause or other. He said, "to tell you the truth it was a love affair." When I ap- prehended the prisoner, he had the same coat on as now, but it is now of a lighter shade. Edward Byfield—The prisoner came to my house at Mahogany Creek, in the fore- noon of Friday, the 8th of Jan. last. He had some refreshment which came to half a crown. He asked for change for a pound note. He remained and had dinner, and treated several persons to grog. After he had got on horseback he called for glasses all round, he spent altogether 11s. John Lyons—On the afternoon of the 7th Jan. last, between 12 and 1 o'clock, the prisoner came to Mr. G. Moore's at Mellenden, he said he had just come from the Victoria plains, that his horse was tired and asked for a feed for his horse. I put his horse up and told another boy to give prisoner some dinner; prisoner when he arrived had a keg on one side of his saddle and the stump of a cabbage tree on the other. He gave me some wine to drink and a shilling; there were three natives there, to whom he gave some wine and made them drink. Prisoner also gave some wine to another boy, who refused to drink, when the prisoner took up a double barrel gun and threatened to shoot him. He was then getting drunk; I saddled his horse and wanted him to be off, he refused at first, but be did ride off at last, and came back afterwards with James Macder- mott. Before he went off he told me he had been down nearly to Perth the day before, but that something had jumped into the bush and startled his horse, and that he had galloped back to Waters' and then walked his horse to Mrs Steel's. James Macdermott—On Thursday, the day after the last Quarter Sessions, I re- turned from Perth to Mr George Moore's and arrived there shortly before sunset. I met the prisoner on horseback a short way from Mr Moore's gate, he said "I presume you are Mr M'Dermott, and asked leave to go back and get a parcel which he had left at Mr Moore's, I said by all means. I went to the barn after I had dismounted, and the prisoner (also dismounted) came up to me and passing his arm behind me, he tapped my waistcoat pocket and said, "you've got money there," I asked him what that was to him ? I then walked some little distance, he followed me and asked what part of Ireland I came from? and I replied Londonderry; he said that was an orange county. He asked me on which side of the river I had come up, I said the Guildford side. He then said that he had been down the day before nearly as far to Perth as the Causeway, when some ghost or devil startled his horse and he had gal- loped back to Mrs Steel's. He added "that is the arm that gave the man or fel- low the crack," holding out his arm at the same time. I had not at that time heard of the death of old Gordon. He had a chesnut horse with one eye out, and was somewhat in liquor, but knew what he was about. This closed the evidence on the part of the prosecution; the Advocate General then observed that, as the prisoner was un defended by counsel, he should waive his privilege of addressing the Jury. The Chairman in summing up, addres- sed the Jury at some length on the parti- culars of the case, and having recapitulated the evidence the Jury retired. After a short absence they returned into court and delivered a verdict of Guilty. In passing sentence on the prisoner, His Honor said the bench fully concurred with the Jury in the verdict returned, and dwelt feelingly and impressively on the enormity of the crime committed by the prisoner, con- juring him to employ the short remainder of his time in preparing for a future state. Sentence of DEATH was then passed on the prisoner, who will be executed on Wed- nesday next, the 14th instant. 