CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT THURSDAY. Before Mr. Justice Dickinson. James Murray was indicted for that he, on the 11th October last, with force of arms on the body of one Mary Clements, did felonlously make an as- sault, and did inflict on her body and head divers wounds, bruises and contusions caused by striking kicking, pushing, and throwing, the said Mary Clements — from the effects of which she die. Samuel King, sworn; resided at Lane Cove, and saw the prisoner on the evening of last Monday three weeks, just at dark; he was in company with a woman and two boys; saw the prisoner hit the woman on the right side of the head with a stick; she fell on receiving the blow; was close to her at the time; saw only one blow; before the blow was struck the prisoner had asked witness to show him the Lane Cove Road; the prisoner said if the woman did not come on faster he would make her, and five minutes after struck her the blow with the stick; after the blow was struck, the woman sat up, and the prisoner gave her a slight kick on the back of the head; she said "Oh, John Murray." Witness then went with the boy to show him the road; on his return the deceased was lying on the ground; she said nothing; witness told the prisoner not to strike the woman, but he said he would; witness saw the eldest boy that was with the prisoner on the night in question, at the police office at the inquest; witness lived about five miles from the ferry at the North Shore; knew a man named Butler, who lived about half a mile from him; Harriet Sivyer lived in the same house with him. Samuel King recalled: The stick used by the pri- soner seemed to be a stick cut out of a bush, to be used as a walking- stick; it was quite as thick as the stick produced, (about an inch in diameter); it was a common bush stick. John Butler, sworn: Resided at Lane Cove, about half-a-mile beyond King's; knew the prisoner; remember last Monday evening three weeks, and saw the prisoner in the bush on that evening, near his own place; he had a woman and two boys; knew the woman by sight but not by name; it was about eight o'clock; was in his own house, and the dog gave an alarm, he got up and went out but could hear or see nothing; he went to bed, but got up again, when he heard a man's voice say, "Mary, Mary, will you get up, or shall I kill you here and be hung for it ," saw the man Murray and two boys on the other side of the fence, but did not see the woman; witness asked Murray if he were benighted in the bush, he said he was, and asked for some water for the woman, who he said was tired, and that he could not get her along. Witness told him he thought it was odd if she could after the beating he had given her; he could hear the sound of blows as with a stick, as he walked to the fence and heard groans; he heard the prisoner say to one of the boys, "Johnny, she's got a cut over the eye, which I gave her with the stick; and if she lies here all night she will be dead before morning." Witness got over the fence, and saw the woman lying on the ground. Murray said she had a fit, and asked if he could give him a drink of water; but he might do it or leave it alone, as he thought fit. Witness went and fetched some water and a fire-stick; Murray took a drink of water, and then gave the woman a drink, and after she had taken the water she said, "where are the children?" Prisoner said "here." He gave her another drink,and then threw her head forcibly down on a log and stump that were close together on the ground; while her head was lying on the log and stump he stamped on her face with one foot once; he told one of the boys to get some sticks and make a fire, but he afterwards said he would not make a fire to gratify the b—y cow; did not hear the woman speak after she was stamped on, but she groaned several times; witness then went into his own gate, and stood there; he saw Murray pass carrying the body in his arms, and one of the boys was holding her legs; the other was either holding one of her feet or walking by her side; Murray said as they passed, "Look, Johnny, see how the b——r kicks, she knows she's handy to some house;" did not see any more of them that night. Heard Murray say as he was going to the fence, "By the Holy Ghost I'll kill you." John Murray, aged 14, was son of the prisoner, knew Mary Clements, she had lived with his father about 12 years; as long as he could recollect; on the eleventh October in the afternoon, his father, Mary Clements, his brother, and himself, went from Bal- main over to North Shore, they went into a public- house at the ferry; his father and Mary Clements had a glass of rum each, and he and his brother had a glass of ale, they then went on to go Lane Cove; knew the house of a man named King on the way there; lost their way before they got to King's house; Clements was a little drunk but not much; they went on till they came to King's without any- thing taking place; when they came to King's his father said he would go ask the way, and told wit- ness and his brother and the woman Clements, to stop till he came back, his father then went away, and he asked King to show him the way; and his father sang out to them to come on; Mary Clements ran into the bush, and told witness and his brother to tell their father she would not go home with him that night; his brother ran into the bush after her, and fetched her back, while he (witness) went to tell his father; his father came back and told her to come on; she did not but stood looking at him; he then struck her on the head with a stick, and she fell down, she never got up again of herself after she fell down from the blow, but his father carried her on; King showed him (witness) the road, and they carried her on till they came to Butler's; there were blows struck there; they were struck by Mur- ray with a stick, about ten in number; when they got to Butlers, the blows were struck; they then stopped outside the fence; Butler came to the fence, and his father told him that he had a woman there and was unable to get her home; Butler said it was no wonder after the beating he had given her; his father said it was no odds to him if he had beaten her; Butler said it was not, and his father asked him for some water; Butler brought it and a light, his father gave Mary Clements some water, and rais- ed her up in his arms to drink it; he put the basin to her mouth, and when she had taken it, threw her head down up in a log; he knocked her head off the log; he then asked her to go home, and she said she would if he would give her half an hours' spell; Butler told him to light a fire, and his father first said he would, but afterwards said he would not gratify the b——y cow by so doing, Butler went away soon after, and his father then took her on his back, whilst his brother held her feet and carried her past Butler's; whilst they were so doing, his fa- ther said "she's kicking now because she's near his house;" she was kicking; when his father put her down; she said she would go home in five minutes; they stopped a short time, and his father again asked her to go home; she said she would not, unless he gave her half an hour, his father gave her a few blows with a stick on the body, and then said "I see that it is of no use, she won't go home to-night;" he then dragged her through the bush under a fence, and laid her down, where they all lay down for a time, and where he witness went to sleep; he was woke by his father who said "Johnny, she is dead," and be- gan to cry; she was dead; his father then took her up, and carried her to an old saw-pit, where he pla- ced the body; then all went home? they remained at home all the next day, and on the Wednesday witness and his father went to the saw-pit and took the body away and carried it a long way into the bush, when they placed it among the limbs of an old tree lying on the ground, and covered it over with bark, his father said he did not think she would ever be found. His Honor summed up at great length, in- structing the Jury that, if they found that the death of the deceased had been caused by any of the means described in the indictment by the prisoner inten- tionally, and with malice forethought, they would find the prisoner guilty of murder, if they found she died from the causes named in the indictment, and which the prisoner inflicted without malice, they would find the prisoner guilty of man-slaughter. After a very short consultation, the Jury returned a verdict of manslaughter on the second count, which charged the prisoner with casting the head of de- ceased on the log. The prisoner was sentenced to be kept to hard labour on the roads or public works in the colony for ten years, and the first three of them to be kept in hard labour in irons. SATURDAY Before the full Court. ABOLITION OF TRANSPORTATION. The Chief Justice stated that since their last sit- tings an Act has been passed which enabled the Judges to sentence prisoner, hitherto liable by law to the sentence of transportation, to a punishment deemed to be equivalent within the colony. Sentences. James Cox, convicted of cattle stealing, was sen- tenced by the Chief Justice to be kept to hard la- bour on the roads or public works of the colony for the term of five years. Elizabeth Hill, convicted of stabbing with intent to do grievous bodily harm, was sentenced by the Chief Justice to be imprisoned in Sydney Gaol for eighteen calendar months, one week in every six mouths to be passed in solitary confinement. . Will Roy, indicted for shooting with intent to do some grievous bodily arm, and convicted of an as- sault of a very aggravated nature, was sentenced by Mr. Justice Therry to be imprisoned in her Majesty's Gaol in Sydney, for the term of three years, one week in each six months to be passed in solitary confinement. William Nicholas, indicted for wounding with in- tent to do grievous bodily harm, and convicted of a common assault, was sentenced by Mr. Justice Therry to be imprisoned in Her Majesty's Gaol, in Sydney, for twelve calender months, and kept to hard labour. Richard Smith and Patrick Fitzpatrick, both pleaded Guilty to indictments for burglary, sentence was passed by Mr. Justice Therry of transportation for life. GAOL DELIVERY. William Lackey, committed for perjury, and ad- mitted to bail, was called upon to plead to his in- dictment, but not appearing, his recognizances were estreated and those of his sureties. W. A F. Townend was admitted to bail in four sureties of £150 each, and himself in £500. George Scott and Joseph Watts, the approvers in the case of the Liverpool burglaries, were discharged by proclamation. All the other cases on the calen- der, were cases to be tried by the Court of Quarter Sessions, to commence on Monday next. James and Robert Cadby, convicted of abduction, on the 2nd November, were placed at the bar. His Honor Mr. Justice Dickinson, who tried the case, briefly stated the circumstances of the case. An objection had been taken by the counsel for the defendant, that as the girl had been put upon the road by her father, that there was no actual taking. The Attorney- General contended, that the girl was sent upon her father's service, and that consequently a constructive possession must be presumed. The point was at the trial, reserved for argument. In his charge to the Jury he had assumed they had a right to find on this constructive possession, and if the girl were, after leaving her father, detained by force or persuasion that the girl was detained. The Jury handed in a written verdict that the prisoners were guilty, but that James Cadby's conduct was less culpable than that of Robert Cadby, and that the girl remained with them of her own voluntary wish; seeing that the verdict did not comply with his direction, as the girl's wish had nothing to do with the matter, he desired the jury to say whether they were of opinion that the girl was either per- suaded or compelled. Their Honors, after some consultation, called upon the Attorney-General to support the verdict, re- marking, that a constructive taking having been established only by the retention of the girl, it must be shown that each retention was only by persuasion or compulsion—those in fact being the only ques- tions for the Jury to decide. The Attorney-General, at some length, contended that the harbouring the girl without persuasion or detention was sufficient. The bench ultimately decided that the verdict was bad, and the prisoners were discharged. 