REVIEW. FATIIER EUSTACE, A TALE OF THE JESUITS. BY MRS. TROLLOPE (Contined.J The harrowing scenes, produced conjointly by the villany of William Mills, Esq. and Mrs. Vavasor, and the absurd doctrine of passive obedience, we have seen Father Eustace sub scribe, our space will oot allow us to quote. r rom tne poiut at wntcn we tett on in our last article the development of the plot begins. We have seen how auxious Eustace was to iuform Miss de Morley of his calling; and we have also seen how stubbornly Wm. Mills, Esq., re fused to grant him permission to make known to ucL juiioiavC'i iiUvVcvtjij utuerimues ic» fitiv© OQ& more interview with the heiress of Cuihbert Castle. That interview we shall give in the words of the writer "Juliana had passed a very wakeful night in fixing and strengthening, the resolution .she had t tken; and he had passed a night more wakeful still, during which he had examined his own situation, and that of his unhappy convert, with all the judge ment that was left him, and had finally decided that the sa'est course be could steer, between his duty. to the holy Company of Jesus and his duty to her, would be to«ay to her, at once, that being obliged by urgent husiness to leave the country, he had come to tell her, as a last proof of his friendly regtrd, and as his last religious counsel, that he most strongly, advised her to break through all the worldly trammels which kept her pure and holy spirit bound to earth, by entering on her noviciate immediately, and he- coming a nun, as soon as the. chuich would accept her vows. And thus they met each ether ; each bosom throb bing with emotion, of which the other was tne cause, but, alas 1 with thoughts and purposes how differ ent ? A bad attempt at going through the ordinary salu tations and inquiries being over, they both sat down, and then the superior snngth and courage of the man was shown, for he spoke first. But gracious Heaven 1 with what difficulty did he articulate 1 His tongue was dry, his lips parched, and, as it seemed, almost convulsely closed. But yet he opened them, and alter more than one effort to produce asouud, he contrived to articulate the words " Miss de Morley !" ' 'Juliana saw that he suffered— that he suffered dreadfully, and yet, ro withsianding all her true and llprfpnt invp- hpf heart fait ratin«o/( _ » i > "v ,vm MVIJJ an minus i intolerable load— for could she doubt his purpose? Could she doubt that he had at length rf solved to make his pride, all noble as it was, fall before his love? Thrice happy Juliana ! How changed was how the task before her ! No longer forced to unsex herself, in otder to make him !oruet she was an heir ess, one look would suffice, when once he had pro nounced the precious words I love you,' to make him know for ever, aud for ever, that she was his alou- ! 'And this thought served to sustain her as she watched the almost ghastly expression of his coun tenance, as he endeavoured to go on. " Miss de Morley ! he repeated, 'let me im plore you to forgive the human weaknesses which thus shake my Amines-. Whas I am about to say to you ought, from its nature to bring jov and peace to And there fie stopped, for the sweet eyes of the happy Juliana were at that moment fixed upon him with such an unmistaking express:on of trust ful confiding tenderness, and her innocent young face became dyed with such a flush of ' Celestial rosy red, love's proper hue." that instead of proceeding with his speech, he uttered a deep groan, and suddenly springing from his seat he dropped on his knees before it, and buried hf.' face in his hands. ' Shocked, and yet almost gratified by this vehe ment emotion, Juliana rose from the so/a, and a'p. P'Oiched him. She was ab«ut to pronounce his name but ere she Ind uttered i», one of the most painful sounds that can greet the ears of a woman ass nled her. Deep and convulsive sobs hurst Irom the breast of the miserable young man,- a-'nd she stood beside him, no longer trembling wi<h the delicious to (pious ness of being Joved, but rather shuddering as the dreadful thought suggested itself that the mental struggle he had endured had been too much for feisreison. All I. maiden diffidaoce, all cold and coy decorum van tshed at once be/ore this horrible idea, and drop-' ping on her knees beside him, as she strove to draw I his hands from his face, she cried, " Look up, look up, dear Stormont ! Speak to me dearest Edward ! Speak to your owu Joila ! — to your wife I 'The only sound uttered in reply to these words was a groan, that sounded as if sonl and body had partf d to give it way Terrified to a degree which words can convey no idea, she rose from her knees she scarcely knew how I _ J I_ : J . L A. AO ad I A Dt.lna 1 T O f ngp ana &;ooa oeaiue mm as u iuiucu iv ov»««c. — also, and looked at her, but it was a loak so hag gard, arid so wild, that the idea of his insanity recur red to her with so terrible a strength of conviction, that she exclaimed aloud, " Oi>! Heaven have mercy on him He is mad I And it is I who have destroyed him 1" ' It was much, as I should guess, the same sort of feeling which made old Iiamlets ghost say to young Hamlet — " Oh step between her and her dying sonl." that now made Father Eustace so far foiget himself, and think of her, as to enable him quite gently to take her hand, and say, 'No— to! Not mad 1 Only supremely wretched." The effect of these words, spoken with com parative calmness was like tha» of magic. « The rigid expression of honor which had fixed the features of poor Juliana into a look that was dread ful to behold, relaxed immediately. She even tried o smile as she said, ' Wretched ? dear Edward !— because I love you ? ' '" Yes, even so !" was the terrible reply. " May the God of mercy help us both !" he added, looking in her sweet face, and for a moment seeming doubt ful whether he should say more. "But this is madness, deirest Stormont !" she replied. " Is it because that, you are not so rich as I am, that our loving one another is to make us wretched? If not madness, Edwatd, surely it is very desperate folly." ' And as she spoke she laid her hand upon h s shoulder, and the next moment suff;r%d herdrcoptng head to follow it. ' " Oh ! spare me ! ' he exclaimed, but even as he said it, he madly threw his arms around her, pressed her closely to his bosom, and imprinted a kiss upon her lips. The spirits of Julia had already been ioo much tried, and too severely harrassed to stand this new and strange emotion. Her senses forsook her, and when she recovered them, she found herself stretched at full length upon the sofa, and alone. If it were possible to suppose that any scene could be more agonising to the unhappy priest than the one we have now quoted, we should be inclined to. award the palm to the one which follows. The refinement of cruelty which marks the taunts of Mills — the sneering devilry which characterises his remarks — are of a nature to warrant our asserting that none less abandoned than a fiend or a Jesuit, would be wicked enough to father them : " How father Eustace got back to Langley Knoll, he would probably have himself have bees quite uu- able to tell, but that he did get there, and saiely too, is certain. Father Edgar had got there too, some time before him, and was sitting in the room which had been appropriated to his use, as a study, when his young brother monk walked iD, with a face as white as marble, and inquired if he were sufficiently at leisure to listen to something which he wished to say to him, Father Edgar was at that moment looking most sa vagely cross; but this expression of his features was entirely lost upon poor Stormont, who was in no state of mind to pay attention to anything. ' He heard him grunt an acquiescence, however, for he wa3 waiting for it ; and feeling himself per mitted 'to enter the room, and close the door, he drd so, and seated himself in a chair which stood vacant, immediately iu front of his superior. ' As an act of justice to this superior, it is but fair, before relating the conversation which followed, to state the fact that Father Edgar not only looked out of temper but was really so, in no trifling degree. I shall probably run no-great risk of being contradicted by any one, if I say that there is nothing which a genuine Jesuit hates so much as the having made a blunder in any of the little plotting contrivances which their professional duty as Jesuits, lead them of necessity to perform. Now, a mischance, precisely of this kind had just occurred to Father Edgar, and that was the reason why he was in so ill-humour. 'It is true, in his extenuation, that the accident which had happened to him was onlyiailroad phrase ology, we should call a brauch line; had it been otherwise — had the case in ' question concerned the main line, or general interest of the concern, there is every reason in the world to believe that Father Ed gar would have acted more coutiously . But somehow or other, the little secondary sort of plot arranged by Mrs. Vavasor, for the important (the really impor tant ) object of ft eeing the conscience of Miss de Morley from any scruples on the subject of her mo ther had involved him in a species of intrigue with the Curtis family, for the purposes of repaying the services of Miss Stanberry, which the Jesuit priest of highest rank in England could scarcely help think ing rather derogatory, He accepted it however, upon the admirable principle, that as nothing was above, so nothing was below the attention of a Jesuit, which could in any degree contribute to the general success of the Com pany. But he most unquestionably neglected cer tain probabilities, or at tne least, certain possi biLties, which threatened mischance to the plot in which he thus condescended to engage himseli ; and these possibilities, as he now very strongly suspected, had turued against him. ' It was, therefore, become of most imperative and first- rate importance, that his young coadjutor, Father Eusuce, should waste oo fanher time in pre liminaries, but bring the heiress of Cuthert to the re quired state of devotion, as quickly as possible. ' It was in this spirit that he now listened to the statement of the utriortun <te missionary, who had been emp'oyed upon an expedition for which he was in fact most especially fit, and unfit. ' Father Eustace remained silent for about a minute, after he had taken bis seat; and uo wonder, tor ne ver did any man enter upon a narrative with greater reluctance. But this beginning by no means suited the temper of his superior, who said, without any great affectation of ceremony — ' " Begin, sir, if you please. It will uo: suit me ;0 sit hpre waiting upon you all day."' " Fo-give me, Father Edgar," returned the un- happy young man, " 1 wilf endeavour to keep in re membrance the value of your time, and forget as much as may be, the pressure of my own anxiety. All my worst fears are realized respecting the effects of my mission on thejunfortunate object of it. Miss de Morley is — — ' ' " A hopeless heertic," I presume, are the woids in wh ich your homily is to conclude. You must ex case me Father Eustace if I take the liberty of ob serving, that in our profession such very slow articu lation should be avoided." ' Tnis barba ous sneer upon the enunciation of a being to wretched, and so shaken, as poor Stormont, did little harm. There are states of be ng, and 3tage« of moral suffering, in which it requires a tahnt srill Brighter tnari that of Father Edgar, to discover an opening in the heart not too much choked up with sorrow already, to offer any new point ol attack. A kind word aright have caused, perhaps, something like an addiironal pang, but this attempt to be in solent, failed entirely. '"No, lather, no, she is not a heretic; she is a meek, obedient, and most true believer!" replied Fattier Eustace, promptly; ' but when I would have lea her to the subject which is the ultimate aud in si important object of my mission here — when 1 would have spoken to her of a monastic life, she misunder stood me. The unfortunate secresy which has been maintained respecting my calling has led to a most lamentable delusion. She believes that the iuterest 1 hare manifested for her has proceeded from an earih-born affection. Father Edgar! she believes I love her, and has avowed that she loves me in rc- turu !" ' As he pronounced these words which seemed ut tered in what might be called a spasm ol desperate resp.utipn, his complexion literally became livid, aud he seized upon the arm of the chair on thich he sat, to prevent himself from falling out ol it. 'Father Edgar looked at him with the air of one who feels a stroug inclination to laugh, but who ab stains from the indulgence of his mirth, from respect to decorum. He paused, however, for half a mo ment. before he trusted himself to attempt a reply, and then said— fhitjimriimmttimwt' i su ijijuji.1 leumjilmbsambmb 1 " You are an exceedingly well intentioned youDg man. Brother Eustace, I am quite sure of it. Yet, nevertheless, you must permit me to say. that you n.ed a deeper, and more enlarged study of the ob. jeets, and the principles for and by which our blessed and glorious Company has" been instituted, and is maintained, before you will be fully competent to manage the leading oar in any very important en- terprise. Do not, however, if you please, young sir, suspect me of insinuating that our General has blundered in appointing you to the mission upon which you are now engaged. On the contrary, the statement which you have now so solemnly made" — and here again the aged monk appeared with diffi culty to suppress & smile—' this very statement, he continued, ' suffices to prove, if indeed any further proof were wanting, that he is as acute in perceiving, and seizing upon means, as he is profound in calcu lating, and deciding upon results. " And methinksj Brother Eustace, that a little reflection might enable you, young as you are, to comprehend the reasonings of Scavatoli when he se lected you, as the person to be employed on this im portant m ssion. Come, tell me now, as a matter of curiosity, what you suppose his reasons were for ma king choice ol you ?" " I have never been taught to meditate in this manner upon the conduct of my superiors," replied Father Eustace with the most perfect simplicity. " To obey has been my first and almost my only les son ; and to this I have yielded mysjlf, with all the unexamining devotion of a child t<> a parent." ' Had poor Stormont intended to utter the most biting reproach to his taunting superior, that it was passible for his tongue to speak, he could not have hit nnnnonv words more to the ouruose than those which he bad now pronounced, for they contained the very soul aud essence of perfect finished Jesuit ism; and when placed before the haughty man whose sneer was expected to annihilate him, as a rule offered in opposition to his own apparent doc trine, it touched and wounded him as sharply as a dart tipped with poison. 'That it was not intended to do so, never .occurred to him as possible, and he felt as heartily disposed to crush the heart striken being that stood belore him, as ever a newly slung tyrant did, to crush a wasp. . " You are right, my good brother, you are quite right," returned the elder utonk, in a tone of gentle sanctity, ' it is thus only, after the vow you have taken, that you can hope to obtain salvation. Let it then, suffice you to be told, that such human frailty on the part of this ill-educated young lady has been foreseen ; and in that spirit of wisdom, which was bequeathed to us by the holy saint, our thrice blessed founder, it has been deeided by those whose will is our law, that this evil shall be con verted into good, even by the means of its own sin aud folly —you understand me, Brother Eustace. You are, and will be absolved of sin in this mattera This frail young woman will thankfully hide herself within the all sanctifying influence of the cioister, and her wealth, restored to the holy power of the church, will be converted into the means ol salvation instead of being, as it is now, a ceaseless temptation. Do you hear me, Father Eustace? The sooner you report to me the fact that Juliana de Morley is weary of the world, and willing to commence htfr noviciate for the vows which are to withdraw her Irom. its troubles for ever, the greater will be the esteem and the more marked the approval, with which you will he greeted bv &cavatoli.; Do yon hear me. Father Eustace ? Do you understand the full meaning of what I have said to vou?" Yes, Father Eustace did hear him. And darkly dimly, he understood him also. . ' As the sort of horrid light gleamed athwart his understanding, which made the mouks atrocious purpose visible, a tremor ran througD his frame, that seemed to seize upon his heart like a fit of palsy. ' But no blessed unconsciousness accompanied it. Far from feeling any of the powers of his mind for saking him, his intellect seemed as it awakening from a long deep sleep. " Am I to be made the tool of demons?" was the question that sugges ed itsell ; but in the next mo ment the noble countenance of iscavatoli rose to his recollection, and his young and unsuspicious heart aequitted him iustantly. "He knows not — lie neither kn"Ws, nor can by possibility imagine, the deep.c r. uption i f the/wreicii who stands before me !" was the cheering thought that followed. ' The resolution of Father Eustace was taken in stantlv. ' In reply to the old monk's question; now re peated rather impatiently, ' Do you hear uie, Father Eustace?'' the joung man quietly replied, 'Yes, sir, I near yuu, but you must excuse my savins anything in reply at this moment. What you have spoken has surprised me, and I will beg your leave to retire for a while.' ' For a short while it must be, then,' returned Father Edgar. 'For a short wlii.e I will permit you to consult your sense of duty in private ; but this consultation must . not take you long; lam wanted in my own district sir, and will no longer consent to waste my days 111 watching over the sliifl-I, shall I; uianceuvrings of such a young- gentleman as yourself, who, while professing the absolute obe dience of a t.ustworthy Jesuit, evidently conceives that it comes within the sphere of his duty to say, ' I will,' or ' I will not,' as the fancy may take him. I shall this night send to Stockington, to order post horses for to-morrow morning. I may go with a safe conscience, for I plainly perceive that I have at last contrived to make you understand, that a per son conceived to be beneficial to the holy Company of Jesus is not to be frustrated by any considetatiqn whatsoever. I can do no more, were I to remain here for ever. Before we meet this day at table- arid it wants two hours to the time— 1 require ol you that your mind should be fixedly made up, as to your final obedience, or disobedience, to my com? mands, and 1 shall make my report to Scaviatoli accordingly. " You may now retire.'" If it would not be considered a paradox wq should feel inclined to say that Father Eustace, although he was a Jesuit, was also, a good man. Determined not be made an instrument in the ruin ol the poor fatherless girl to whom he was so much attached, he resolved to refuse com pliance to the commands of his superior, and to return instantly to Rome. In two hours after he had arrived at this decision — he departed. Our readers will easily imagine how the worthy William Mills, Esq. and Mrs. Vavasor were astonished wheu informed that Eustace had left ; " Does he call this obedience ?' was the involuntary exclamation of the former — and be continues : — " Soh !" said Father Edgar, .fixing his now wide open eyes upon the face of Mrs. Vavasor, ' here is a pretty .priest, a pretty monk, a pretty Jesuit for you. Do you think he will ever dare to show himself in Rome a.rain ?.'?. . '" I would bet a golden rosary to a wooden one," replied Sister Agatha, greatly excited, ' that the wretch is gone there now. Aud it is by listening to such lies as he may chose to tell, that Scaviatoli will reward my services !" ' Listening to him ! And wh.'re, I pray you most saee lady, -is my voice to be buried the while r If he be bold enough, rather let me say, if hebe mad enough to go to Rome, with this tale in his month, trust me, Amelia,"— aud here the monk lowered his voice to a deep whisper " trust me, he will never see the light of day again !" ' Sister Agatha silently returned his gaze for a moment; and then said in a whisper still lower than that of hereompanion, " Will he murder him ?" Father Edgar withdrew his eyes from her face, and replied with a slight sneer, ' No, fair lady, Scaviatoli will not murder him !" Father Eustace had left a letter in the chapel of Cuthbert (Jastle for the unhappy Juliana, and it ran in these words .- — " Juliana de Morley ! "I have labored faithfully to instil into your mind the principles of the Rouiau Catholic faith ; and I have succeeded. May that be my consolation, if any thing can, for the misery which I have brought upon us both. The time has been that I ardently desired to ste you one— as much as a woman can be —of that holy Company which keeps itseit sacred and apart Iron all other Christian believers, under the blessed name of Jesus: But now I doubt and tremble; under the ordeis of that lioly Company ! have deceived you. They may tell me, and perhaps truly, that without that deception, I might not have succeeded in withdrawing you from tlie sonl-destroy- ing heresy in which you were bred, If this bo so dare we repine ? Iknovv not; my soul is tortured hy my impious doubts. Of one thing oiily am I cer tain, that the man, and perhaps .the woman toy, are unwoithy of the holy nalmes they bear. Never may you know more of them and their purposes, than you know already. That I have known more, has been the great misfortune of my life; for they have caused me to live in doubts as to what was evil, or what was good. May God in mercy soon close those eyes in 1 death, that have learnt so to look upon life ! Whether ( I have most sinned in obeying so much, or in not obeying more I know not, and I go to learn. , Not , by my own will have I deceived you, Juliana 1 But you have been deceived ! I have no longer the right 1 to call myself Edward Stormont, though it was once my name. I AM A PRIEST AND A YOWED MONK I dare not ask you to pity the impious, the uoholy pang with which 1 subscribe myself, EUSTACE, A Brother of the Holy Company of Jesus.?» It would be folly in us to attempt a descrip tion of the paroxyisms of agonizing feeling tnhinh a npriixal of this letter occasioned in the breast of Juliana. Mrs. TroUope herself was afraid to enter upon the tak— bo& then shall we ? For a long period Miss de Morley was in a precarious state, alleviated, it is true, by every- kind sympathy and attention on the part of Mr. Wardour (the Protestant clergyman) and her mother— now Mrs. Wardour. William Mills, Esq., and Mrs. Vavasor had .done the good people of Cuthbert the pleasure of quitting Langley Knoll— doubtless with feel ings of chagrin, somewhat mellowed and softened by the conviction, that if their object was frus trated, it was not for the want of any rascality on their part. to be continued. 