POLICE OFFICE. February 8. — James Eccleslon, a paisholder, was sent to road making for a month, for being iu a pub lic house after hours. Henry Smith, ticket-of-leave, for being absent from his master's premises without leave, recoil ed a similar sentence. Alfred Williams, for being drunk and disorderly, was accommodated by Constable M'Donald with a night's lodging, and was ordered to pay ten (billings for his offencei. John Mason, ticket-of-leave — Constable Jone. I says you were drunk last night : was tbat ibe can it I It was, sir. You're fined five BliiUiugs. I Peter Lee and Anthony Harrison, tiokeli.0f. J leave — ' hurrah for the roads ' for seven days for J being in a disorderly house. 1 John Fitzgerald and William M'Mabon, both I passholders, for being absent without leave, were I sentenced, tbe former to seven days and the latter to len days solitary. M'Mabon, a pure native of the ' Emerald Islo,' having burnt his fingers by bring ing them in contact with the flaming torch which ii tbe most prominent feature CW-ied at all timeg ov the active constable who look him into custody pleaded as an excuse for the rash assault, that he thought it wus the constable'* ghost that be saw ? for, he continued, ' myself sure it was that read it in the newspaper that he had shot himself, and I only found it out tbat it was bis very self, when he wa» after knocking me down with his staff.' Michael M'Caffrny and Joseph Barry, two jolly probationers, for amusing themselves wilb drinking strong drinks at a sli/ grog shop until they became drunk, were sent to solitude for seven days. Joseph Thomas, a paisholder, two months at mendiug ways, for being absent without leave. February 10. — John Pooley, free. — You wero drunk at Perth yesterday : what do you say to that? 1 don't deny it. — Pay live shillings. Francis Hotham, charged by constable Wilson with being drunk and disorderly, not denying the charge, was drawn upon to the amount of ten shillings. Margaret Itolfe, for similar misbehaviour, trai ordered to pay the same sum, or serve fourteen dayi in tbe huuse of correction. Tbe poor penitent beg ged to be let off this lime, as it was only the third occasion on which she bad appeared before hii worship, but it was not to be done, tbe money bad to be produced, Jane Jackson pleaded guilty to a charge of drunk enness, and paid her five shillings without a murmur, Ellen Harris and Sarah Merlon, both charged with beiug druuk wore told to go about their buisi ness and not again appear undersiinilarcircuinslancci, John Amhurya passholder forheingdrunk in Mrs. Houghtou's public house, was ordered to be impri soned with bard labour for the space of fourteen dayi. Aaron Dodd, free, was charged by Coostable Ash ley with obstruction constable M'Donald in tho ex ecution of his duly. Constables M'Donald and Par ker proved that the former was taking a female pri soner to the watch-house when Dodd interfered, ami bis observations caused the woman to refuse logo ; on M'Donald requesting him logo away, he refused) and for repeating sumo more exciting obscrratioue, was taken into custody. For the defence two veil nesses swore ibal Dodd had not spoken to M' Don ald aud was never requested to go away. Some con tradictions in the evidence of these witnesses seemed to produce a doubt in the mind of the Magistrate and he lined the prisoner twenty shillings. John Feach and Charles M'Carthy passholdors in the services of J. J. Parker, Eq., attended the offico for the purpose of making a complaint that they bad not a sufficiency of rations ; and Mr. Parker's over seer also was in attendance to prefer a charge of in subordination against them ; the case was remanded for a second magistrate. February, 11 — Margaret Fenton charged by Con stable Jones with being drunk and disorderly, said it should be the last time and was let off on payment of five shillings, James Frome was charged by Sub. D. C. Thomp son with being drunk and paid five shillings for it. Charles M'Carthy and John Fcacb, passholders, in the service of T. T. Parker, Esq., were charged by their overseer, Edward Kennedy, with insubor dination in refusing to work when ordered to do -o by him. It appeared tbat on Tuesday evening tbe overseer had occasion to say, that if any of tho ra«n refused to go to work when called out by name, that be would know tbo reason why they refused; and tbat Feach made observation that '? he was the ? ? mark that would refuse ; and that he would not cot a straw the next day except he had meat for bii supper,' and the following morning on being ordered out lo work, be refused lo go, and requested a pan from the overseer to go to the polico ollice lo make a complaint about the rations being insufficient: the pass was given to him and die overseer attended to prefer a contra charge for insubordination. Refusing lo work was fully proved by the overseer, and llio cook proved that forty four pounds of niullou, wilU a supply of bread and vegetables, were issued by tbo overseer on that day for twenty-two men ; but it alio appeared that I hose men who happened not to be present when the meat was served up, were left without any ; and that on several occasions tho men bad complained of insufficient rations, both to tbe overseer and lo their master. It required a long e« aminalion lo satisfy the Bench that the men wero guilty of the charge brought against them, and it wai evident that there was some cbubo for I ho men com plaining, inasmuch as tbe overseer had admitted on the previous day, that when the meat was served op there was a rush amongst tho men to have ibe liret ? chance for a good share — no bad proof of tho inoagr* ? supply, notwithstanding the overseer's brog of plenty. ? W'Carlliy was sentenced to three months hard labor, j und Feach in consequence of his good character got off with six weeks. Some further particulars con nected with this case have been promised, and if sopplied, will appear in a future number. John Amor, a passholder, in the service of Capt. Ritchie, was charged with insubordination. It ap peared that the prisoner bad been under the iafluenco of liquor, and his master's son threatened to give him in charge, when he made use of very threatening lan guage, and rushed towards him, apparently with the intention of assaulting him. The prisonor was re manded for bis police character. fclj4 12. ? Thomas Siuilli and John Cos, both free, were fined 5s. caeli for being drunk. James Reovcs,free,for being drunk and disorderly, fined 10s. Margaret Fenton, (T.L.,) who figured before bis Worship on the previous day, and wus then lined 5s., was again brought up and charged wilh not proceeding according to her pass, and being found drunk. It appeared that this feminine Goliali had been ordered not to remain in Launceston, and as it trat probable that her visit to Longford was wilh a view of being at (he races, it was thought advisable to prevent it, and she was sent to the House of Correction for fouricen days, ' just to see her over tlie races.' John Brunt, a passholder in the service of Mr. William Archer, was brought up by that indefatiga ble conservator, Mr. Overseer Davis ! (not our friend of the Launceston detective,) and sent to solitary for seven days ; — the offence was disobedience of orders. Longford Races. — Sinco the last paragraph about ibe races at Longford appeared in tho ' Chro nicle,' much progress has been made towards com pleting the necessary arrangements. The course has bad great labour bestowed upon it, and is certainly the best in the Island. Many of the booths are nearly com pleted ; and an excellent elevated stand has been erected by Mr. Sutcr, near to the winuing post, for accommodation of those who do not wish to mix in Ibe crowd. There was at First some difficulty in pro enriog a sufficiency of sabling of a proper sort for the hones intending to run ; but this has been obviated by the spirited conduct of the supporters of the races, in sacriOciog their private convenience for the public benefit. The number of horses will be greater than wascalcualed upon, and the prizes will be well wor thy the occasion. Already there are many horses to be seen morning and evening on the course, and every thing bids fair for a 'grand display.' 