original (ttorresponïicnce. To the Editor of the Colonial Times g- Tasmanian. ( Sin, If you think the following worthy of insertion, you may possibly assist in forwarding the object of the writer, which is that of humanity. . For all offences subsequent to " man's first disobedience," down to the theft of yesterday, the remedy applied has invariably been that of punishment, -' which has been as various in manner and degree as have been the climes, times, and circumstances of the world, even since its foundation, and it appears, with one invariable result, as far as regards the professed object (the suppression of crime a miserable failure. If severity of punishment could deter others from crime, the laws of Grace would have been perfection j yet it seems that, upon the individuals immediately subjected to their operation, the result was precisely contrary to that anticipated. It is evident that such will ever be the effect of all punishment, unless promptly and inevitably following every offence. What can be expected from human punishments, when eternal ones seem to have so little effect in deterring from evils Criminal laws have in all ages been a perplexing subject to legislators and is it not strange that our own lawgivers, with the reference of six thousand years before their eyes, and whose ' -" large heart is fraught, With refined wisdom thro' long ages brought," should have hit upon probationism as the grand panacea for our great social distemper The idea was not a bad one they seem to have had a glimmering of light, but so faint a one as only to render their darkness visible. " Man possesses the same animal propensities as those of the lower creatures, and under their instigation he inflicts punishment on principles precisely analogous to those under which they chastise ; indeed it is curious to remark, that hitherto the criminal laws, even of the most civilised nations, have been framed on the principles of animal punishment exclusively. * * * * Man inflicts his vengeance with little inquiry into the causes which led to the offence, and, except, when he puts him to death, he turns the culprit, adrift upon the world, after he had undergone his punishment, with as little concern about what shall next befel him as is shown by his prototype." What enlightened physician will apply a remedy for a disease and leave the cause which produced it untouched? Why can we not take the hint, and by removing the offender beyond the reach of those external circumstances which first led him into error and crime, allow him every inducement to good conduct? i -vi i .. To effect this I would have all offenders, for a first offence, whose crimes were not too heinous, and of whose reformation there appeared Some hope, sent, after undergoing a short term of separate confinement and instruc- tion, to some distant country, where they could be dispersed, and where employment 'and fair wages could be readily obtained. The back settlements, of America seem at present the most eligible,; I do not think that the settlers 1 there would, object to receive them, as their numbers would be, comparatively few and as labour is there so much demands The Australian colonies will perhaps shortly he able to take a large number, but at present they are too deeply saturated with crime to afford much chance or reformations; ladies '< 1 > rafts i'' ! "I'isee that the British, Government intend Very extenB(ve,alterations in the present system bfrprJBon. dJspipliniijbuttiI much fear that the proposed plan will disappoint expectations for unless the men be permanently removed into a I newiso'ôiety,1 they will be very likely to elapse i i h to their old habits, even after the most lengthened period of moral training.' The plan also appears too complicated to work well, and is or too expensive, 1 , n , ¡ " , t I would respectfully suggest sir, that some such plan as I have proposed would he worthy' of a fair trial,-as,calculated' to satisfy the ends of justice (or of vengeance, if you Will) to serve society, to' reform the offenders themselves, and also to save the public purse from an useless expenditure. It need not alarm the enemies of innovation, as banishment Was a, common punishment among the nations of antiquity. The father of Diogenes was banished from Pontus for coining. I would ask if those men who have reformed in this country would not have equally so done had they been landed here free ? I believe they would. l The more hardened and dangerous classes "I would Con. fined in small numbers and under strict surveillance, in various places, such as Norfolk Island, and without any support but, what they chose to work for. After a time, and after they had given some hope of amendment, I would allow them their wives and families, as the surest means of completing their reform The expense would not be great, as the classes would not be very large. -" they being penitent, The sole drift of my purpose doth extend ' (Not a frown further." _, Having broached such heterodox opinions, I would not wish to appear in any more tangible form than Sir, your obedient servant, THE GHOST OF JOHN EDWARD. 