THE Agents ¿ffllontfng fruit!. MONDAY, MARCH 22, 1847. -I Sworn to no master, of no sect am I." EARL GREY'S VERY STRONG OBJECTIONS." Certainly, when the system of transportation to New South Wales is put an end to, the colony will be entitled to expect that every facility will be afforded them of recruiting from other sources Lem John Russell's Speech in the House of Commons, MAY 6 1840\. ' ' By a coincidence purely accidental, our paper of Sat in (lay, in which the above Ministerial avowal was insisted upon as' binding upon IlEa Majesty's present Government, contained also a piece of information recently received at Melbourne from Mr. Delegate Cuninghame; namely, that in his communications with the authorities of Downing-street, he had found " that the Government appeared to have very strong objections to guarantee any loan for the furtherance of immigration." Now, we apprehend there needed no delegate to tell us this Government 1 ways have had, have now, and probably will have to the end of the chapter, strong I objections, very strong objections, to assist ' colonies either with money or with guarantees for money. No doubt they had very strong objections to guarantee the loan to Canada, having previously sunk a million of hard cash in the Rideau Canal ; very strong objections to guarantee half a million for emigration to Demerara ; very strong objections to pay off the debts of South Australia, to advance £100,000 to the New Zealand Company, and to grant an annual sum for the expenses of the New Zealand Government. All this is very natural. But it is equally natural for self-love to yield at length to well directed importunities. Like a ghost, Government will not speak till spoken to at least in the way of promise. It was to the importunity of Canada, though urged with the sword of rebellion, that the Home Government, despite their very strong objections, in the end gave way, conceding nearly all that Canada had asked. And to the importunities of friends at head quarters were South Australia and New Zealand indebted for their ultimate triumph over these same formid- able objections. And is New South Wales to be either so fanatical as to expect to overcome them without efforts equally energetic and persevering, or so craven hearted as to retire from the contest in despair? No-let us "be just and fear not just to ourselves, and the very strong objections of Downing- street will yield by capitulation. Lord John Russell and Earl Grey should be reminded that upon them, as regards supplies of labour, the colony has very special claims. Under the Government of which they were members until j 1811, were adopted the two great measures by which those supplies became seriously interfered with the discontinuance of transportation, and the raising of the price of land. This last measure, though not embodied in an Act of Parliament until the year after they went out, is still chargeable to them, because they were its actual origina- tors and framers, Lord Stanley merely taking it up as he found it. Each of these measures was an act of excision. Though adopted with widely different views, the one being intended to put a stop to a flagrant evil, and the other to encourage a positive good, they yet equally served to cut off our supplies of labour. In the passage prefixed by way of motto to this article, Lord John Russell acknowledged that the determination then just come to by himself and his colleagues to put an immediate end to transporta- tion, would entitle us to expect that every facility would be afforded us of recruiting from other sources. By other sources his Lordship meant, of course, free emigra- tion from the United Kingdom and the Waste Lands Bill bequeathed by him to his successor was designed to make this source adequate to our wants. By fix- ing a high minimum price upon our waste lands, it was thought there would be conferred upon the colony the twofold benefit of an affluent land revenue, and a check upon the purchase of land by the labouring classes and by guaranteeing, i on the faith of an Act of Parliament, the permanent appropriation of at least a moiety of that revenue to the introduction of emigrants from the parent country, it was anticipated that the colony would be abundantly supplied with people for carrying on its various occupations, while that abundance would again induce capitalists to emigrate, whose investments would keep up the Land Fund, and advance the general prosperity. Lord John and Earl Grey ought to be told by the Legislative Council, again and again, that all this beautiful theory has proved to be but the baseless fabric of a dream. The high price has made land unsaleable ; the unsaleablcncss of land has destroyed the Land Fund as the destruction of the Land Fund has put a stop to immigration ; the stoppage of immigration has not only impeded the progress of the colony, but has operated so bane. fully upon the minds of some of our employers of labour, and even upon a section of our representatives in the legislature, as to have induced them to desire, and even to ask, the restoration of the convict slave-trade ! We conceive, therefore, that these Ministers are bound by peculiar obliga- tions to afford to New South Wales " every facility of recruiting from immigration and we think no British colony ever possessed arguments so clear, cogent, and irresistible, as may be employed by us in appealing to the justice of the Supreme Government. Nor let us forget our claims on the national exchequer for a million spent in police and gaol establishments. Now, if we do not pay these arguments vigorously, how can we expect Ministers to get over their " very strong objections to do that in 1847 which is rendered necessary by their own doings in 1840? The stronger the objections, the more re- solutely ought they to be assailed. We would say, then, to the Council, as the Great Captain said to the Guards a Waterloo, " Up, and at them !" . Not literally, but enough to render it powers as an instrument of immigration on a large, steady, and permanent scale. We have been compelled from want of space to omit until to-morrow several columns of advertisements. 