THE GREAT APOSTACY ; OR THE CHURCH OF ROME PROVED NOT THE CHURCH OF CHRIST, But the Greatest Enemy to Christ, to His Doctrine , and to His Religion, an answer to cobbett's history of the reorma- tion. The import and power of those dying words of our blessed Lord, " It is finished," extending to all time, from the beginning to end of this world, equally for bade the Moraic'sacri fioes to continue, orgnew ones to be instituted. There is an unutterable glory and efficacy in this one sacrifice of our Lord Jesus upon the cross, that swallows up "every other, rendering every attempt to set np another both unnecessary and impious. So the overpowering splendour of the meridian sun renders unnecessary and contemptible the lieht of a candle. 1 consider, therefore, that the Popish sacrifice of Mass is a very high affront to the majesty of God the Father, who provided and ap pointed such a sacrifice as his own Son, to be a pro pitiation for our sins ; it is an insult to the love of the. Son, who gave himself for us an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweet-smelling savour; it is despite against the Holy Ghost, through whom Christ offered himself without spot to God. (Heb. ix. 14. The sacrifice of Christ is that alone by which all true Protestants draw near to God. We regard this in our public and in our private worship of God ; in our rising and in our retiring to rest ; in our con fessions and in our thanksgivings ; and especially in our sitting down at the Lord's table, and com memorating bis dying love. Believing and knowing that we are redeemed by his infinitely precious sacri fice, we. cheerfully devote our bodies, souls, and spirits to his service. This is the sacrifice and the worship of Protes tants. On the other hand, the Apostate Church of Rome is, in fact, without any sacrifice, and, of course without any acceptable worship whatever. Papists thus deprive the Almighty of his right, and them selves of the benefits of the sacrifice ol Christ. They have neither the legal sacrifices, instituted by God himself before the Gospel, nor the true sacrifice of Jesus Christ ; the former being obsolete, as they pro fess ; the latter they have impiously rejected, having substituted for it an invention, a vision of their own, which they call "the Mass." But our blessed Sa viour says, " In vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of . men." (Matt, xv. 9.) That ibey are really destitute ofthe true sacrifice of Christ, the carnality and superstition of their ritual shows. Theirs is a religion without spirit or divinity. , I will now prove that the Apostate Church of Rome is without any sacrifice, notwithstanding all her boasted cant about l< the immaculate Host," " the real presence," and " the body of Christ being laid upon their altars," &c.; &c.; Saint Paul, addressing the Athenians, said " Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things ye are too superstitious,. For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar vith this inscrip tion, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD. Whom there fore ye ignoranily worship, Him declare I unto you." I say to the Papists, " Ye men of Rome, I per ceive that in all things ye are too superstitious. For as I passed by, and beheld ynur devotions, 1 found a material altgr, but no sacrifice thereon. Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, (Jim declare I unto you. Christ the brightness of the Father's glory, and the express image of his person, and who upholdeth all things by the word of his power, dwelleth not in tem ples made with hands ; for he had by himself purged our sins, he sat down on the right hand of the Majesty in the heavens.-. Neither is he made by men's hands, as "though be needed the help of a crea ture to be, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath and all tilings ; yea, so far from man's making Him, in any sense, he hath made of one biood all nations of men, for to dwell upon the earth, and hath determined, the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitations; that they should seek the Lord, who already exists, and ever did exist if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far (not as on your altars, in a visible and material form, but in his invisible and spiritual presence) from any one of us ; for in him we live, and move, and have our being. Forasmuch, then, as we are his offspring, being living proofs of his divinity, ye ought not to think that the Godhead of the Son is like unto a con secrated wafer, produced merely by art and man's de vice, But if, O ye Papists, in the days of your ig norance, and by reason of your education in the Apos- tacy, you did really believe that the consecrated wafer was a true, real, and proper sacrifice, and that you ought to adore it as Christ himself ; yet know now, that God commandeth you to repent ; and for this solemn reason, among others that might be 1 given, — because he hath appointed a day, in the which he wiil judge the world in righteousness, by that Man (that glorious God-man, whom your folly and su perstition have" so often degraded into a piece ol bread) whom he hath ordamed : whereof he hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead ; lor it is as certain tha: Christ will come to judgement, as it is oertaia that he arose from the dead. If this appeal has not.fully convinced my Popish fellow countrymen ol their guilt and danger, in trust ing for their salvation to the sacrifice of Mass, let tb.em take a new Testament, and examine with a few passaues io the epistle to the Hebrews, relating to the efficacy and unchangeableness of the one sacrifice of- Christ, Tne Apostacy has not an inch of Scripture ground to stand upon in this controversy ; therefore as often as she is beaten, she retreats to the strongholds (as she thinks them) of the fathers of the Church But even here she is uot so safe as she thinks herself. Come, then, my friend, and let 113 bless God to gether, thai tiieie is r. mission of sins for the guilty. If you have felt the wrath' 01 God in your conscience, as I have you will be thankful for this Jg|f||d that was shed ; jou will see that there is nopmipg to God without ii ; you vri.Tsee the- horrible nature of sin, thai couid net be. expiated without it ; and you will see the greatness of His loye, who.shed his blood to make That expiation. You may then sing with the .poet Cowper, There is a fountain fili'd with blood, Drawn from Emmanuel's veins; And sinners piuug'd. beneath that flood Lose ail there guilty , tains. . The dying thief rrjnicrd to see That fountain in his day ; And there have I, as vile as he, Washed all my sins away. E'er since, by faith, I saw the stream Thy flowing wounds supply, Redeeming love has been my theme, And shall be till I die." Let us now turn from the Mass, and contemplate the glorious once- offered sacrifice, ol Christ our Re deemer. Christ offered but once sacrifice, and that one but once. It was the full and absolute perfec tion of Christ's sacrifice and the offering up of it by himself, that caused that sacrifice to be but one, aud that offering to be but once. We have no need for Jewish sacrifices, which could not take away, sin, much less for the Popish Mass sacrifices. <e Aaron must lay his robes aside, His miter and his vest, Since Christ himself came down..to be- The offering anjj the Priest.' JVhat an unspeakable comfort is it to afflicted conr sciences, that Christ, " after he had offered, one sa- 'crifice for sins, for ever sat down on tbe right hand of God !!' by which we know thai the great work 6 atoning for our sins is finished ; for he would not j have sat down, until he had finished that work. Blessed is that man, to whose conscience this finished work of Christ is applied ; he will uever look for another sacrifice, because, " by that one offer ing, Christ hath perfected for ever them that are sanc- liSed " I now pass on to the elevation of the host, as the Apostate Church calls it. This is that part of the ceremony 01 the Mass where a priest rises a little1 bit of bread above the heads of the people, to be adored. So much does this act resemble a puppet-show ex hibition, that I shall uot waste the time ol the reader by many observations on the subject. It is not pre tended, at least I am not aware if it is, thaLeither Christ, his Apostles, or those who followed- im mediately after them, practised this childish cere mony, L'Arioqua says, " If any one ask me at what time they began, in the Latin Chuich, to turn the -Eleva tion, made in several parts of the West, to represent the .Elevation of our Lord on the Cross, unto the adoration ofphe Sacrament, practised alter the Uih century, I affiim, that William Durand, towards the end of the 13th century, was the first, as far as I can discover, who referred adoration to the Elevation of the Host." . But as the Elevation, though great folly m itself, is innocent when compared with what follows, I shall proceed to the examination of the adoration of the host If the priests of the Apostacy could ever persuade themselves or the poeple to believe that bread and wine are transubstantiated into Sjthe body and blood of r.hriet nnfl that tliev then offered him up upon the altar, and then elevated him above the heads of the people, they might think it to be their duty to bow down their servile bodies, and to adore the bit 01 bread for I think there is less absurdity in worship ping a'thing that'.they believe is made into a god, than in believing they could make that thing into a god Yet it is such a mixture of 'weakness, superstition, and sin, that we charitably hope there are thousands in the Apostacy who never bow tlie knee to this Romish Baal. . How must the conscience of a poor Papist, who wishes to serve God in truth, be afflicted, when he cannot be certain whether ornot heis worshipping the unconsecrated Host. This thing they are con stantly liable to. The people have often adored the unconsecrated Host, as they call it, and they will, I fear, often do it again. . The following is an extract from their own books on the Mass, showing how Mass may bedefec- tive» , , " Mass may be defective in the matter to be conse- cratedfin the form to be used, and in the officiating minister. For if in any of these there be any defect, viz. due matter, form with intention, and priestly orders in the celebrator, 110 Sacrament is conse crated. " If the bread be not of wheat; or, if of wheat, it lie mixed with such quantity of other gram, that it doth not remain wlieaten bread ; or if it be in any way corrupted, it doth not make a Sacrament. If it be made with rose or other distilled water, it is doubt ful if it make a Sacrament. If it begin to corrupt, but isnot corrupted ; also; if it be not unleavened, according to the custom of the Latin Church, it makes a Sacrament, but the priest sins grievously. «' If anv one should leave out or change, any part of the form of the consecration of tlie body and blood and in the change of the word', such words do not signify the same thing, there is no consecration. Now to shew that the people have worshipped only a niece of bread when they thought they were ador ing the Host, as4 they call it, take the following fact About the year 1536, there were four Augustine friars hanged in Seville, in Spain, who had secretly , by night, murdered their provincial, or superior. The day following, to avoid all suspicion of the murder, thev all four said Mass, but they had no intention to consecrate, as they themselves afterwards confessed. So there was no transubslantiation there, by their own doctrine; and therefore all those - who. lieai d their Mass that day,, by their own doctrine, com mitted idolatry, because there was no consecration there. . f , I pass on to examine that part of the mass in which the lahy are defraudee of the cop, Whatever explanation or apology the Priests of the Apostate Chnrch may offer for the institution of tbe other parts of the Mass, I think this cannot admit of any. The suppression of one- balf the Sacrament is an act of the most awful scrilege, at once robbing the people of that which Christ has so soiemely be queathed to them, and our Redeemer of his sovereign authority in his Church. There is no branch of the history and mystery of the Popish Mass that admits of a more easy, simple, and satisfactory eUindation, tlian mis 01 denying me cop to the laity. 1 shall therefore, without any preface, proceed to enquire, I. Whether our Lord and his Apostles denied, either by practice or by precept, the cup, in the sup per to the Laity ; that is, to those for whom it was intended, for the blessings of salvation are wot in tended for the priesthood only, but for the people also. II. Whether it was the practice of the early Chris tian churches to receive both the bread and the wine in the Lord's Supper. III. When, and by whose authority so great a change was made, as the taking one-half the Lord's Supper away from Christians. First, — Did our Lord, or bis Apostlas, .ever deny the cup to the laity ? No. Christ took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, "Drink ye all of it," &c.; Matt. xxvi. 27. Luke xxii. 20. The Apostles did also, by example and precept, give the cup to the people, and that it was the cus tom in all the apostolical Churches cannot admit of a doubt; and it is a thing taken for granted, and a matter of course, whenever the Lord's Supper is casually alluded to in the writing of the Apostles; as in I Cor. x. 16—" The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? the bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ?'' "21. Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cuo of devils : ye cannot be partakers of the Lord's table, and the table of devils " What meaning can these words have, for the Corin thian believers, if they had the cup denied to them in tbe Supper? This practice cannot, therefore, have arisen from the example or precept either of Christ or his Apos tle i. Secondly, — Let us now inquire if it was a practice in the early ages of the Church. Justin the martyr affirms, that in his time(A.D. 132) " there was distributed consecrated bread and wine unto all tbe communicants." — Saint Ireneus, bishop of Lyons, disputing against certain heretics who denied the resurection, says, " How do they aeny that that the body is capable of the gift of God. (which is life eternal) which is nour ished, with tlie body and blood of Christ," that is, with the bread and wine in the Sacrament, which the father frequently calls the body and blood of Christ because they represent his body and blood. Origen says,' It is said, that we drink the blood of Jesus Christ, not only in the celebration of the Sacraments, but also when we receive bis words." It would be easy to add to the above quotations to prove that the cup was not withheld from the people in the earlier ages, but these will satisfy any reasonable and unprejudiced mind. I shall close this topic with a few observations, naturally enough arising from this decree, aud from the loregoing facts. I. For the space of almost one thousand years, all Christians, without exception, where receivers ol both bread and wine in the Lord's Supper. Even so late as Geiasius, it was the practice : he says," We have found that some, receiving only tne portion of tbe holy body, do abstain from the cup. Let thi-m, without doubt, because they seem bound with I know not what superstition, either receive the sacrament whole, or be debarred from the whole ; for deviding of this mystery is not committed without great sacrilege." II. The Apostate Church of Rome, herg, clearly opposed the authority to the word of God,gand to the express command of Christ, and flies in the face of. both Scripture and tradition, denying the cup to :to tbe'laity on her own wiil, arid cursing all those who dare to oppose it. II." Certain perils, inconveniences, and scandals'3 are darkly hinted at is this decree, as a cover for the change: I will examine what these perils, incon veniences, &c.; may mean. The superstition and impiety of teachings that wine was the real blood of Christ, instead of the sign of it only,. beget other superstitions and fooleries too nu merous to mention ; one, however, was, the steep ing of the bread in the wine. To be continued- 