FAREWELL TO THE POPE ! OR, REASONS FOR RENOUNCING THE CHURCH OF ROME. r BY J. J. MAURETTB. . Late Priest of the Parish of Serre ( Ariege) (continued) The Romish div lies, with the view of tracing the origin of confession to Jesus Christ himself, are continually reverting to the following passages in the Scriptures ; " Whosoever sins you remit, they are remitted unio them ; and whosoveer sins ye retain tnev FJlaitlurl ( Inhn v v OO \ « A nrl oikutuA. ever thou shall bind ou earth shall be bound iu hea ven; and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth, shall be loosed iB heaven." f Matt. xvj. 19.) And how, say these divines, can sinners be. bound, or loosed, — . how can their sins be remitted or retained, if they confess them not ? ' Reader,. grant me, I beseech you, your undivided attention ; On the feast of the Pentecost, the Apos tle St. Peter with that divine epergy which the dis. courses of those inspired men. derived from the Iioly ISp rit.lhqldeih fbfth 10 the J.etva that. Jesus of.Naza- <eth whom they had slain by wicked hands, has loosed the pains of death; a'cd ascended up into Hea ven, from 'whence be s&.-d forth iipori his disciples he Spirit of promise ; ' therefore lei all the house of (siat l know assuredly, that God hath made Jesus l;oth Lord and Christ, Actsii. Now when they had hea-d this, they were pricked in their heart and said; Mt-n and brethen, what shall we do?" The time was now at hand when the Apostles were called upon for the first time, to exercise the power, which had been granted unto them by their divine M?,scr, of 1 bind ing and loosing, of remitting or retaining ; and upon the condnct of the Apostles iu this instance will 1 lay my reply. Did th Apostles make answer to the multitude, who asked "what they should do to be saved"; " Come and confess, and we will give you absolution?" They did not; but, on the contrary, they said unto them, Acts ii. 38. " Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ or ihe remission of our sins, and ye shril receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." And we also, doar rea ders, will repent and be converted, every one of us, ri the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of our stns, so that we may receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. The remission of sins that Jesus Christ has en trusted to his Apostles is nought but those glad ti dings of forgiveness through Jes'iis Christ, the preach ing of which throughout the world devolved upon he Apostles. " He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be dammed." (Mark xvi. 16.) "I say unto thee," says Jesus Christ tobimon the Pharisee, when speak ing of the woman ' which was a sinner, " her sins hich are many, are forgiven." But Jesus Christ does not say that she has confessed her sins. And St. Peter, holding forth to the Jews says (Act iii. 19) 'Repent ye therefore, and be converted, tiat your sins may be blotted out ;" but he does not say unto them ; " Confess to your priests ;" or, " Come and confess and we will give you absolution." ' Repent ye and believe the Gospel," f Mark i 15.) says our Saviour, but he has nowhtre said, " Confess to your priests." Let is then, also, dear reader, repent and be con verted, th J, according to the Word ot God, " our sins may be tl ttd out/' Well I know that the Church of Rome would fain bring forward these words of St. James ; Confess your faults one to another." James v. 16. I deny it not; St. James does say ; "Contess your faul s one to another ;' but he does not say, Confess your faults to priests." Besides these words of St. James do not, by any means, warrant the so called sacra ment of Confession ; since according to the Romish divines themselves, that rite which cannot trace its origin to Jesus Christ is riot a holy sacrament. Now ihe above words are the words of an apostle, and the apostles were neither commanded, empowered nor expected to institute any sacrament whatever. And lastly, St. Augustine in book x. chap iii. of his Con fessions, entiieiy rejects, in the following words, au« i.'ular con fession ; " What need have 1/ says be, "to lay open be fore men the wounds of my heart.' Have they the power of healing them, who are as careless of their .own infirmi ies as they are mindful of those of their fellow- creatures? To Thee alone, Almighty God, is it given to be present even with those who are far ftomihee? Oh ! that they may be converted and seek thee, so that thy mercy may be on them as it is on all those who, having erred from thy ways, acknowledge their faults before thee and return to thee, wearied and dispirited, to beseech thy forgiveness and weep in thy bosom. Truly hast thou dried up their tears ! hut Pey must needs weep stjllfor joy and happiness tine L is their Makeir himself who succours and comforts them, and riot man who is but flesh and blood." To the proofs which I have already brought for ward against auricular confession, iriany others still might b/! added. But these proo's are more than suf ficient to put beyond a doubt that confession to priests owe6 its origin to man only. The Popes and Bishops, in order to uphold their power of which tbey . already foresaw the decline, availed themselvas of their brighter days to take them selves the right of prying into the thoughts, the words and the actions of men. It was in tbose ages border ing upon Reformation, in the year 1215; that they Bishops issued from the Councill of Laterari advice instituting confession, and rendering it obligatory; they thus considerably added to the power ot Rome, inasmuch as the Pope may, with the aid of confesr sion, attend unseen, the councils of the most mighty monarchs ; inasmuch as coufession is the never- , failing means of acquiring the secrets of families, and disposing of the fate of empires. Hence the Jollow- ing words ol the President De Thou, when speaking of the commotions subsequent to the assassination of Henry III. and Henry IV. " Nothing was more conducive to the increase of disaffection than the conduct of certain priests, who ; im| arted to all those who secretly, sought absolu tion at their hands, the scandalous reports circulated by the paeachers of the League against the King of Naverre, against Henry III. himself, and those mem bers of his council who were devoted to his interests Far from comforting the souls of their sffl cted peni tents, they st ove but.to lead by false reports the weak minded of both sexesi They tortured their consciences by subjecting them to doubts without number; end possessed themselves, by insidious questions, of the secrets of whole families, whom they inspired with disaffection towards the sovereign availing themselves to forward their ends, of the name of religion, and quoting passages, so-c>!led by them, of the Scriptures and the laws of the Church. In deed, they utterly compelled their penitents . to join the League, and in more than one instance withheld absolution from those who refused to adopt tha; course." The bishop has excommunicated me because I have preached .that we ought not to address our piayers to the Saints whom the Pope has been plea sed to canonize. Let us see whether the Word of God ha9 warranted such a line of conduct. In the Gospel according St. Luke xi. 1, 2, 3, 4, we read that, / it came to pass that as he (Jesus was praying in a certain place, when he ceased one of his disciples said unto him, Lord teach us to pray" . . . . . . " And he said unto them, when ye pray, say, Our father which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in heaven, so oneaiih. Give us day by day our daily bread. And forgive tis our kins sis we also forgive every one that is indebted to us. And leadus not into temptatioh, but deliver us from evil. Aaei, 1 . . ... Now, if we were bound to uplift Our voices to the Saints there canbenodoubt but that our Divine Saviour would have commanded us so to do. Yet, not only has Jesus Christ nowhere thus ordained it, but he says, on the contrary, in the Gospel according to St. John xiv. 13, ; " And whatsoever ye shsll ask in my name, that will I do." Jesus Christ has not said; Whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father iu the name of such and such saint, thai will I do." We are told in the Acts of the Apostles ii., "that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved." But ;t is nowheresaid in the Scriptures, that whosover shall call on the name of such u Saint shall be saved. To these Scriptural testimonies I will add the fol lowing words of St. Chrysostom: "We have no need either of a mediator, an usher, or of any other person, to ' presenr" us to God, according to the cus tom oi thefinighty in this world, God is always pre sent. always everywhere ; he hears always, he is with us always/' If we would address the Saints, it were necessary, that they should be always present, and that they should hear our prayers. Whereas my Lord Bishop knows beyond a doubt, that God alone is present al ways, that He alone sees everything, hears every thing, knows everything, even unto our most secret thoughts. And, doubtless, my Lord, has also 'read in the holy Word of God; "that when man passeth away his sons come to honour, and he knowelh it not, and they are low, but he perceiveth it not of them." At the lime when some of his false disciples had aban doned Jesus was it not the Apostle Peter who ex claimed ; " Lord to whom shail we go— -thou hast the words of eternal life ?" Is it not, then, our Sa viour alone in whom we ought to place our whole trust. Is it notin him alone that we shall find eter nal life? Is it uot,iastly, he whosaid, " 1 am the way the truth, and the life# No one cometlr unto the Father but by me.', " Come unto me, all ye that travail aud are heavy laden, and I will refresh you." John x 6. — xiv. 6 —vi 37. Could we, then, address our prayers to others, or place our trust in others, without having to fear certain death? Is it not written There is none other name (the name of Jesus) under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved?" (John iv 12.) "If any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ, the righteous. (John i. Eph. ii. 1.) "For through him we botn have au access by one spirit unto the Father." (Eph ii 18) " Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need." Heb- re ws iv 13. The above passages evidently prove that the Bis. hop has excommunicated me in violation of the word of God. May that venerable pontiff' and all tbose that belong to him, be strengthened by the grace of God, so that they shall teach mankind to be con verted, to pray to Jesus Christ alone, to have faith in the fulness of his grace, and mediation, and to preach to the people in the words of St. Paul, (1 Tim. i 5) : " There is but one mediator, between God and men, the Man Jesus Christ."— This is the first truth oi Christianity. The Bishop has excommunicated me because I have said that we should.not worship images, where as the Churcb of Rome enjoins men to bow down to tbem, and worsqip them on pain of anathema, (Council of Nice). Let us examine this important point- The Council of Nice enjoins, on pain of anathema to worship images and bow down to them ; " Whoso hath not that belief,' says that Council, " but hath doubt and anxiety with respect to the worship which is due to iinanes. our hoiv Council dmdnros him accursed; God, in his second commandment, that Rome has caused to be omitted in her catechism, says : " Thou shalt not make to thyself any graven image,.. ..thou thou shalt not bow down to them nor worship them (Exod- xx. St. Paul in his first Epistle to the Ro mans i. 22, 23.), says, "Professing themselves to be wise, they became tools : and changed the glory of the incorrputibie God into an image made like to cor ruptible man....' Again St. Paul says, in his fust Epistle to the Corinthiaus viii. 4. We know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that there is none o her God bat one.'' And St. John in his fi st epistle v. 21. says, ' Little children, keep yourselves from idols.' . These at ove Scriptural passages prove, beyond a single doubt, that the worship of images which the church o' Rome enjoins to the faithful, is forbiJdeu by the word of God. Ii then, God ha;h fo bidden in the Old Testament, when Hts Church was still in its infancy, the worship of images, much more so mukt this prohibition prevail in the more recent days ot Christianity, when God seeketh a more spiritual worship a> c jrding to these words of Jesus Christ him- j self ; " But the hour cometh, and now is, wheu the 1 true worshippers shall worship the father inspirit and J in truth ;9ior the Father seeketb such to worship him ; God is a spirit and they that worship him must wor ship him in spirit and in truth." (St. Johu iv. 23, 24,) Therefore, it is to no purpose that the Romish di vines would have us believe thai they do not wor ship the images themselves, but only rhe subject of those images. Yet the words of the Council of Nice are uncon trovertible. " The worship, of the image/' says this decree, " is nought but the worship itself of the person it is intended to represent." Was it not also in the Council of Nice that Coristantine, Bishop cf Cyprus, expressed himself as follows, without sub jecting himself to the slightest reprimand : "For my pkrt I grant unto images that worship which is due to the Holy Trinity, and if there be any one who should refuse to act in like manner, I hold him de- serving of the fate of Maicion end Maries," Albeit the Romish divines persist io denying that they worship images, they grant that they worship the host. I will then, availing myself of this admis sion, inquire in what respect the manner in which they worship the host differs from the worship of ima ges. In no respect whatever; inasmuch as they bow down theses ilves to their images, inasmuch as they pray to them, adorn them with flowers, buro incense and tapers before their altars, and carry them in their proie aions. And are not these the only ceremonies of the wo.ship of the host ? Indeed, were these di vines ever so little sincere, they would admit with Georges Cassendie, one ot their most learned breth ren, that the Church of Rome has in this respect fol lowed the examp'e of the Pagans; " The worship of images and idols," says Cassandre, " has been car ried to excess, and too much has been granted to the desires of the people, or to their superstition rather, since their blindness must needs be compared even to the blindness of the heathen, who made unto them selves idols, and aaorned them, and bowed down to them, arid worshipped them." r- : v : Teriullian thus addresses the Pagans, ' That which we would condemn in the images of your gods is, that they are alike in substance to the most worthless versels. These uumea ing statuts are so strongly impressed with the stamp of death, as indeed they are the images of the dead, that mice and spiders fear not to resort to them.' Minuiius Felix also has the following on the subject oi images: '.'.What im pression dots the sight of your, gods make upon the brute creation : These animals know them.to be life less.; they respect tliem not;, they run over them- The.spiders spin their wtbsround their berids." It is thus, dear reader, thai the Christians of old taunted the Pagans with their idolatry, little think ing that the time would come when like taunts should recoil upon their own Church, that Church which ha3 so carefully imitated the pagans, by assfgning to the images of their saints the emblems bestowed by the pagans upon their idols. This assertion it shall behove us to make good by the following compari son;— EMBLEMS OF THE PAGAN GODS. The Pagans assigned to— Jupiter, an Eagle. . Apollo, a Dragon Bacchus, a Cup. Esoulapins, a Serpent, Cerres, a Torch' Prometheus, a Flame, Vulcan, a Hammer; Mercury, a Wand. 