THE GREAT APOSTAGY - ORTHE CHURCH OF ROME PROVED NOT THE CHURCH OF CHRIST, ButHhe Greatest Enemy to Christ, to Mis Doctrine, and to His Religion. an -answer to cobbett's history of the re ora tion. "?WhicJ.four articles he refused to recant. Then: came co him a certain schoolmaster, saying, «Mv' friend George, dost thou not fear the death and punishment which thou must suffer? If thou wert la go, wouldst thou return to thy Wife and children' He answered, IM were at liberty, whither should I , mjr, Wife nd be-ed children .?' -Then -said the schoolmaster, 4 Revoke your former opinion, and you shall be set at liberty.' George answered, 4 My wife and my children are so dearly b?.e' that they cannot be boUsht from me fer all the riches and possessions of the Duke of Bavaria hilt fnr Itha ..r-'AvJ T._L_».i, J theni ' /willingly forfeke LMany— very many— more instances could he quoted, but which we are compelled to omit.1 Let'us now ask ourselves ? ' what is the popish mass. To: this question I answer, elt is un abominable mass of absurdities, invented by the Apostate Church ofRome, wUereby the nature of the Lord's Supper is destroyed, and the gracious design of its Blessed Founder totally frustrated. It is, to nse the sound words of the thirty-€rst article of the Church of England, a bundle of" blasphemous fables and dan gerous deceits." As-! intend to go pretty much at length into the. examination of the Popish Mass, and as-I shall not spare -any ot its absurdities, 'I will here repeat what has often been said before in this work,— that it is not against Papists, but against their religion, that'I write : the former! pity, pray for; the latter I hate with a perfect hatred. -It is almost incredible that anything so prepos terous as the thing called the mass, should have been palmed upon marikind, for-nearly a thousand years, as a divine institution. Observe, my friends, the whole Mass, under this torturing scrutiny, falliug to pieces! Mark how each part separates from the resit rvat _ two grand divisions of the Mass: these we shall call doctrinal and ceremonial. The first consist of Con- secration, Transubstantiation, Oblation, Elevation, Adoration, Real Presence, Communion in one kind, Prayers for the Dead, &c-; The 'second division, Priests, Altars, Relics, Robes, Holy Water, "Sprink lings, Bells, &c.;, &c.; The Mass of the Apostate Church of Rom?. We read of Priests appointed and ordained, under the Mosaic dispensation, for the service of-God and we also read of -Priests in idol and heathen temples consecrated to the service of the5Devil-; but nowhere in any of tbe Gospels of the New Testament, nor in the accourit of thepriinitive Church in trie 'Acts of the apostles, do we read ot Priests. But, as the Apostate Church had certain tricks of Cqnsecration, Transubstantiation, &<„. to be per formed, she must, of'- course, have -Priests to act in the Farce. If an enchantment'is to take place "there must needs be an enchanter, ' We -shall now proceed to enquire. WH,tT IS POPISH "CONSECRATION. I am not going to reason about Popish consecra tion, but to inquire what it is, for, like other parts and parcels of the Mass, it defies all argument, and shocks all common sense. As there is no. precedent or war-rant in Scripture for such a thing,! shall save myself the trouble, of looking there for its- origin, or foundation. !t is purely a false Popish in vention, and the bare description of it ought to brand it with everlasting contempt. It is a solemn farce, in whirh a Popish priest, acting the part of a conjurer, muttering and mumbling a few Latin words, pretends to turn "some bread and wine, which he has before him, into the real body and blood of Christ. This is 'Popish consecration-; this is the naked thing itself; but it is preceded, and accom panied, and followed by'so many strange antics and gestures, such bowing and bending of the body, so many crossings and'other curious tricks, and besides the priest himself is so gorgeously dressed, that the whole ceremony resembles some eastern magician performing his enchantments. There is nothing, from the beginning to the end of it, like the simpli. city, the quietness, and the dignity of a true. Chris tian ordinance. Popish consecration supposes 'two things, either of which, carried out to its true and natural extent, contains absurdities and blasphemies which at once shock the mind. The "first of these is that- which supposes to be made o. created-, or transubstantiated, by valid consecration— namely, the body and blood of Christ; the second is the failure to make the whole Christ, which is iiieaned by his body and blood. . Let us take the first;— it is an awful powei with which the Apostate Church is supposrd to invest her priests; It is no less than a power, at any time, and as often as they please, to change (if not to create) common bread and wine into tbe eternal, uncre: ted : Majesty of heaven and earth. What a stupendous; power is this ! But, if a Popish priest can, by con-: secration, make the bread aud wine into God, he cannot unconsecrate what has been consecrated,— he 1 cannot nncreate or unmake what he has made '< in! plain English, the priest cannot undo what he has: done,— he can neither annihilate the body and blood I of Christ, nor turn them back again into bread and I wine. I shall deduce a few consequences from this ob vious fact-:— I. The first consequence is, that the incorruptible body of our Lord Jesus Christ sees corruption-; for the priest putting the body, soul, and divinity into the mouth of every person preient,' is chewed, swal lowed, and digested, contrary to that passage of Scripture, rt Thon wilt not suffer thine Holy One (i.e. Christ) to see corruption;" — Ps. xvi. 10. _ II. The next consequence which I think is dedu- tnble from the supposed consecrating power is, that gods are made; and this directly contrary to the. x press testimony of God's word, 1 Cor. viii. 5, 6., " For though there be that are called, gods, whether in heaven orin earth (as there be gods man-, and lords : many), but to usProtestants) there is but One God, the Father, of whom are all thiogs and we in him ; and One Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by bim." 6 III. Another consequence !»,. 'that it, the body, or whole person of Christ, is liable, by mean's of -xposure to the elemerts, to decomposition and change: which never can take place in the trne and real budy of our Lord! and is quite contrary to Scripture, which asserts, "They (i.e. the heavens and the earth) shall perish , but thou remainetb : and they all shall wax old as doth a garment; and as a vesture shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed : but thou art the same, and thv years shall not fail." — Heb, i. 11, 12. !V. I— i.e., the body of our Lord Jesus Christ- may become part of a beast, a mouse, a rat, or cow; a thing too horrible to reflect upon, but which I shali instance a little further on. V. It may be turned in the flame, sunk in the flood, or be buried in the earth, so as to say to cor ruption, " Thou art my father; to the worm thou art my brother and my sister." Vi. It may be made the medium of poison, and the means of death, as. j .'-shall presently prove- VII. It may be turned into ice by frost, and it may be melted- by beat. VIII. It may be eaten and vomited again, as shall be seen. These are. some of the consequences which may follow, and probably all of them have often followed the awful perversion of the original institution of the Lord's Supper. » How much more scriptural, decent, and decorous i8 tbe-Protestant faith and practice in this matter. The bread and wine, being regarded by us as figures 01 signs of the body and blood of our Blessed Lord, are no more at the conclusion of the solemn service than they were at the beginning of it. We cannot, therefore, commit any indignity upon the body of our ascended and glorified-Lord. Tbe Apostate Church, being aware that such, things as I have described above might occur, has ordered the following directions to be printed in her missal,- or mass-book, to be observed. by her own. priests : How the Priests are to ileal in "certain circumstances, with the Consecrated Host. -V Should the consecrated Host disappear, either by- accident, wind, or miracle, or be devoured by some animal, and cannot be found, then let another be consecrated. !f, after consecration, a gnat, or spider, or any such thing fall into the chalice, let the priest swallow it ith the blood, -if he can; but if he fear danger and have a loathing, let him take it out, and wash-it with wine, and when mass is ended, burn it, and cast' it and the washing into holy ground. Ii poison fail into the chalice, or what might cause vomiting, let the consecrated wine beput'into ano-' ther cup, and other wine and water be again placed, to be consecrated-; and when Mass is finished, let the blood be poured on linen cloth,or tow, remain till it be dry, and then b'e burned, and the ashes be cast into holy ground. If the Host be poisoned, Jet ano ther be consecrated and used, and that be kept in a tabernacle, or a separate place, until it he corrupted, and after that be thrown into holy ground. Jf in winter the blood be ; frozen in . the cup, put warm clothes about the cup ;. if that will not do, let it be put into boiling water near'the altar, till it be mel ted, taking/care it does notget into the cup. If any of the blood of Christ fall on the ground by negli gence,. it must be licked up ' With the tongue, the. place be sufficiently scraped, and the scrapings burned-; but the ashes must be buried in holy ground. If the priest -vomit the 'Eucharist, aud the species appear entire, he must piously swallow it again ; but if a nausea prevent bim, then let the AAnflanyo tori '«nomas Via ftanti/Mlslv SflnftrfttPfl .Rnn till t by in. some holy place, till they "be corrupted, and after, let them be cast.'-into holy ground ; but if the species do not appear, the voffiit must be burned, aud the ashes thrown into holy ground.' Who is not pained, scandalised, disgusted, and. indignant at this blashemons passage from the mass-book of the Popish 'Apostate Church? To what awful expedients is she driven, to try to main tain (though unsuccessfully) her' consistency! Is it not clear, that Christ being once made, by consecra tion, he must remain what helsl No'44 putting him into a tabernacle," no 44 burying him in holy ground,' will meet the case. It is all downright impiety, to say thre least of it-; and every mind, whether Papist or Protestant, must revolt from the idea of his Sa- iour being eaten, vomited, re-eaten, scraped, burned, and buried. The thing '.is impossible ; it rs a glar ing absurdity. The Mass is, a fable and a false hood. At once to prove what! have before asserted, and to show that the Apostate Church, in her head and members, has not very much reverence for the Mass, shall produce the .following facts-:— 44 Pope Gregory VII. used the Mass for conjura tion, and sought a respose (or answer) of it and be- cause it would give him. none, he cast it into'lhe fire au(2 uurnriT, hug so ourm-nib vicaiori 44 'Papists use it to revenge their wrongs, hatred, and malice by it ; ar.d therefore Pope "Victor the 1 third, in the year 1088, was poisoned in the chalice by his sub-deacon. 44 The Archbishop of York was also poisoned in the chalice. So, likewise, was the 'Emperor Henry VII. poisoned by a Dominican friar in the Sacra- _ menf. 44 Tbe Dominican friars of the town of Atfxena, in France, in the year 1536, did burn it, being vomited by a friar that said Mass. 44 The Franciscans' de alia Villa, burnt 'the cow which had eaten up the Sacrament out of the hand ot a priest-; and so, in burning her, did burn their Crea tor with her. 44 Thus we see that the Pope and his whole eccle"- siastical rabble are Without God and religion, for they make so light of their God as to clip and burn it, and use it as an instrument of their malice and revenge ; and that this consecrated bread of theirs, which they sell to the people, to be Worshipped and adored, is abominable idolatry, whereof one day they shall give a reckoning to'God. I have thus proved how absurd and shocking is the bare'idea oi first making God, and then burying, burning, and eating him. Ol course the thing is not done; but the Apostate Church teaches and com mands her children to believe that it is done ; and I am reasoning on their own supposition, The thing itself is tboabsurd to be admitted.by the human mind for a moment'-; and we know that hundreds of the priests and thousands of the laity of the Apostacy do not believe it, I should now proceed to point out the second and more serious evil which flows from supposed conse- cra ion — namely, the worshipping and adoring of mere bread — when the priest happens to miss the making of the bread (which is very possible to happen, as I shall show) into the real body and soul of Jesus Christ; but I shall leave this point until 1 come to examine, the doctrine of the. Adoration of the Host, and pass on to THE DOCTRINE OF TRANSUBSTATIATTON AND THE REAL presence, As this: is not a doctrine of Scripture, nothing at all in the least resembling it, either in sence or sound, being to be found there,— and as it is quite useless to look for a thing Where vre know it is not to be found, — I shall abandon the search for its origin in the word of God. Had it been adodtriue of divine revelation, I should certainly ha've discovered it'by its own light ; but as it is a doctrine of human invention, and that a very clumsy one too, I must try to trace its origin among weak, or presemptuous, erriftg mor tals. To comp, therefore, at Once to the point "i —In the year 637, Abastatious, a friar of Mount Sinai, was the first in the Church of any note who began to broach, though cautiously, the heresy of the Real Presence. Several of the fathers, as they are called, had, before thisiime, opened the door a little to this and the like errors, by their mysterious '(rather, their indefioate) manner of speaking of the plain bread and wine in the Lord's Supper, regarding them with su per stition, yet still considering them as figures only of Christ's body and blood., Anastatious, however, rejected the expressions of figure and sign, which weie commonly used until his. time, and deviated from the.. language and belief of ' the true Church of 'Christ, both before and after him. . But Satan, who was the real author of the doctrine of transubstantiation, did not stop here, for he .found ano:her friar (still honoring the monks with his revela tions), one John Damascene, in tbe eighth century, about 754, to carry his scheme a little further. This monk was extraordinarily given to the worshipping o images, and was actually anathematised, by 338 bishops, assembled together at the Council of Con stantinople, in the year 754, who maintained, that 44 Christ chose no other shape or type under heaven to represent h's incarnatiou by, but the Sacrament, which he delivered to his ministers for a type, and a, most effeetual commemoration thereof; commanding the substance of bread to be offered, which did not any way resemhle the form of a man, that so no occasion might be given of bringing in idolatry." The Pope's name, in whose days this fe.l out, was Gregory the third. Let us now inquire what advance Damascene made, in the heresy o! transubstantiation, on the embryo heresy of his predecessor, Anastatious. Why he says, <4 The Bread offered, the Wine, and the Water, are supernaturally changed, by the Invocation and com ing of the Holy Ghost, into the Body and Blood of Jesus (Christ ; and are not two, but one and the same- thing." And a little after he says, 44 The Bread and the Wine are not the Type, or the figure, of the Body and Blood of Jesus Christ — Ah ! God forbid — but the Body itself of Lord Deified : our Lord himself saying, This is, not the Figure of my Body, but my Body ; not the Figure of my Blood, but my Blood." And again, — 44 If some have called the Bread and the Wine Figures,"1 or Signs, of the Body and Blood, as St. Bassil, they spake not after Consecration, but the called them so before the Obla tion was Consecrated." (To be continued;) 