ENGLISH NEWS. \ THE BREAKING UP OF THE SEASOfc. ¡ ( From ths Atlas, July 10.) V PREPARATIONS for the break up of'the seasonA are already manifest in London. Ahead y you\| may see here and there through sundry win- : dows in May Fair, shapeless figures veiled in grey linen standing motionless in the rooms, I like huddled ghosts, intermixed with dis- mantled curtains, picture frames, articles of vertu, and step-ladders. Even tho shops are beginning to give out signs of approaching lethnrgy ; the bustle of the streets is gradually sinking into an indolent lull ; and the stations of the railways that run to thc coast betray symptoms of increasing movement. Now, Murray's Hand-Books aro in brisk demand; the offices of Foreign Consuls are besieged for passports ; and couriers, like electors, rushing to the poll, emerge from their swart retreats in thc neighbourhoods of Soho and Panton-squarc and fly about their affairs with a mysterious velocity that betokens the importance of their functions. Now sportsmen arc getting ready j for the campaign on the moors, and there are i CTand^pníñltajlíons touching the doubtfjjí, coh-'| aition of grouse ; hyrwchondriacs are takirjg I advice as to the qualities of tho German Spas, I and a thousand ailments aro held in suspense over thedebateablo virtues of Homburg, Baden Baden, and Teplitz ; London stars are hego-' tiating engagements for tho recess with pro ! vincial managers j ' and. everybody,' from the i parliamentary candidate to tho bank clerk, is m a state of feverish unrest on the eve of tho I general migration. Everybody's head is turned in the same direction, and people who cannot get out of town endeavour to content their panting desires by talking of it to every- body else. A man, care-locked in London, feels a sort of spiteful satisfaction in asking hÍB friend, ""Where do you go this yearr"-^ I knowing, alas ! that he cannot go . anywhere himself. It is a sinister way of turning the laugh against Fate. Change is necessary and healthful ; and overworked London must have its interval of rest. Tho fatigues that follow tho close of the season instinctively seek relief in a change of scene. It is like making one's escape from heated salons and crowded supper-tables into ! the open air. But the chango from London dissipation to the lighter gaieties and out-of ¡ door enjoyments of the continent would be more salutary, if people could only have thc grace to take proper advantage of it. Unfor- tunately, this is not tho way with the English, j They always carry Loudon with them wherc ! ever they go. Instead of falling into the i habits of the country where they happen to j find themselies, they enforce their own. Their I chief pleasure seems to consist in a perpetual j antagonism to local usages ; and late dinners, ¡ exclusive coteries, and ostentatious selfishness, I attest their supercilious resistance to tho sur- rounding heartiness. They never let loose j their animal spirits; but, hugging them selves for ever in tho foggy nn I tionality and class prejudices, they destroy thc original character of thc lively watering places, whose fortunes they make at the same moment by their prodigal cxpendi i ture. One can thus easily understand how it is that thc English are nt once disliked and flattered on thc continent. Tho oscillation ranges between their manners and their money. The extension of railway accommodation will, by and by, level all national fallacies, I and make bolter travellers of the English. But it has not yet produced these much I desiderated results ; and there is not a nook in Europe whore our countrymen congregate at the present time in which the peculiar in- fluence of their insulated notions is not felt as palpably as ever. Tho mode of life at the watering-places would do little to restore the stamina of thc fashionable world, if it were not for the rapid transition and startling novelty which musl more or les?stir tho most languid pulses. Tilt day is got over by a series of laborious com- promises between sensual indolence and phy- sical movement. Tho course of existence a most of the Bninue-is is thc most monotonoui the imagination can conceive. Not that i lacks activity of a certain kind, but that i yields nothing like rational excitement o agreeable intercourse. Thc visitors ar generally up between five and six ii thc morning, loitering about the spring with their glasses in their hands, and sicknes and pénitence in. their faces. There tho Blowiy imbibe the mineral liquids by whic, tiley expect to restore their shattered nerves, t 'mend the springs of nature, and sprend ovc their sallow cheeks the roseate colours c youth. After indulging for an hour or two i this ingenious delusion, they vanish one b one into the baths, where they soak themselve till breakfast time." What becomes of thor for the rest of thc morning nobody knows but as soon us the dinner hour arrives they ar to bc found sitting bolt upright in long lines a thu table a"holes* This *is, by far, the severe! performance of the day. It generally occupic a couple of hours, and may bo supposed t destroy at one fell swoop any good effect whic might possibly be derived from early risin and medicinal* waters. Dish after dish, fiavot after flavour, courses through their jaded ste machs ; aud when they have gorged to th last extremity of their jaded powers, thc vanish again till the cool of tho evening sun mons them to the promenade. The nigl usually terminates at the " fatal redoubt, the gambling tables, and the subscriptic ball, where they carefully undo, lil Penelope, the slender web of health they ha been lazily weaving throughout the day. Next conies thc sad re-action. Thc seaso of the watering place must breakup at last as wc as the London season, and the signs of its dcclir are no less conspicuous. All the hotels ai slowly deserted. Some are shut up altogethe others are left in charge of two or Uni ancients who arc nut on board wages. It sou times happens that the proprietors have estai lishments elsewhere which they attend to : thc winter, in which contingency tho beds a packed up and put away, the furniture remove and the whole place becomes a solitude. 1 the time approaches you can easily trace tl gradual break up by the departure of pos chaiso after post-chaise, by the dccpenii silence, by the lazy gestures of the people, thc full tide of occupation, thc T>ostilions ure perpetual motion-as business relaxes there hardly a postilion to bc seen, and t' knell of the season is the crack of the h whip. The transition is as great 'ns from riotous assembly to a graveyard; and t watering-place, after thc company has left r\ is very much like a " banquet-hall deserted %-the dancers gone, the lights expiring, t Mowers faded, the servants asleep in the ehai (Mud the floor strewn with dust and. frr fccnU ! 