uatius Extracts, FASHIONS roB SEPTs usea. - Pinked llounces continue to be fashionable for taffetas dresses, as fringes at the edge of flounces ; but gimp still forms the richest style of ornament, and each day some new kind appears. Many dresses of pale colours are made with mantelets to match, and pretty peignois of pink, blue, or lilac tarlatane have been ornamented with small tulle ruches, made very full and placed in double rows up each side the skirt and body to the shoulder ; the favourite colours are white or pale green ground, covered with wreaths of flowers. Many dresses of gros de Naples, Pekin d'ete, and tafflletas have had the sleeves ornamented in a new style; bias on the other, encircling the armhole; it is a simple style of ornament, but very becoming to the figure. For evening dress white predominates, tarlatanes with deep fliunces pinked, and ornaments of natural (lowers, white crape with triple skirts quite plain, and white talletas rc lieved by carnations; the make of the corsages is rather different from those of winter, light ma terials being made ftll at the shoulders; berthes are confined to thicker materials. The short sleeves form jockeys over a small cambric sleeve. Small caps are very fashionable, and those without crowns arc found very suitable with summer toi lettes. The cofflure Louisa is composed of circlets of narrow blue velvet, each supplorting a row of narrow lace; flowers are nmuch used for dress calls, particularly mixed geraniums. The ribbon on caps is placed all in front, leaving merely tulle behind. Mantelets have been made of crape, trimmed with lace, or with several rows of narrow frills pinked; some of tulle are trimmed with narrow velvet. One of the maost fashionable tuauteaus is the Scandinave with deep revers united by bradenbourgs of silk, and a kind of running wreath of braid on the ma terial, shetiter of taflletas or batiste ecrue. The mantelet Fontange is trimmed with frills, and in stead of collar has a fichu pelerine tying carelessly in front. Bonnets of crape, tulle, and lace, all the lightest materials, are still in demand; paillles de riz mixed with coloured blonds, have a very pretty effect. Some bonnets are ornamented with a fun chon of taffetas pinked, or of lace, which is in still better taste, particularly if mixed with velvet. Ladies .1lgazcine of Fashions. THE AFFAIaS OF SPAIN AND ITALY.-The evil consequences we anticipated from the Spanish mar riages are rising up thick and fast to verify our predictions. 'The whole south of Europe is filled with angry commotions and menaces of war, all traceable to one primary cause, the determination of the French Government to abandon the line of policy prescribed by every consideration of national interest and honour, and to make the aggrandise ment of the royal family the sole end and aim of all their efforts. The result has been immediately to disturbi he general political constitution.of Europe, and destroy its balance by eliminating for a while one of its most important elements. In the great amphyctionic council of Europe there is now no France, there is only a King of the French and his dme damnete, M. Guigzt. Hence it is that the ene mies of freedom assume so bold a front in Spain, Switzerland, Italy, and Greece ; hence it is that Aus tria threatens the independence of the Swiss Con federation, and has made so audacious an assault on that of the Roman States. It seems very doubtful after all that Austria will follow up her first blow. Something of the dotage into which Metternich is said to have fallen seems to show itself in her way ward impulse and unsteady gait. She is now per haps meditatirg an" abandmient of her enterprise, but even this she cannot do with impunity. Her retreat'will be a confession of weakness, ignomonious in itself, and likely to lead speedily to very grave disasters. In any case her position is an unlucky one. Her conquest of Italy, even with the con nivance of France, putting England out of. the question, would not be such an easy matter as she at first supposed. The Pope is making vigorous pre perations for defence, and his pgple are united as one man in a hearty determination to resist the in vader. It is certain too that the King of Sardinia is resolved to'make common cause with the Pope, a fact that materially alters the odds in the contest. Besides this is one of great moment by reason of its peculiar significance. The sovereigns of'Savoy have always been noted for the unfailing forecast with which they discovered and attached themselves to the winning side. In uniting his fortunes with those of the Pope. we 'may be sure that Charles Albert has not been betrayed by any sudden fit of generous enthusiasm to engage in a.rash enter prise. If he fights for the liberties of Italy, their triumph may be pretty safely predicted. Doubtless he sees, among other things, that England cannot tolerate an Austrian' invasion of Italy. It would kindle an European war, and it is our interest to preserve peace; moreover, it would afford France a pretext for taking- military possession of some Ita lian seaport, and this we cannot allow, for the sake of our naval and commercial interests in the Medi terranean.. Narvaez has arrived in Madrid, sent for, as it pretty'clearly appears, neither by the Queen nor her ministers,Ut buty ithe a akIa. atI... burg, the "tFrenclh Awbassador. That he is about to exercise a dictatorship in Spain for the benefit of l]ouis Philippe, so far as that may be consistent with his own, is all that can for the' present be pre dicted of his movements. At the same time he must hold out to Isabella some inducement to accept his services : and it is not unlikely he will offer to release her from her hateful yokemate. Louis Phi lippe, who is obviously unprepared to go to war just now in support of his son's pretensloes. is willing to oblige Isabella in some liitle matters for 'the pre sent, and' would even consent, it is said, to her divorce, provided she engaged not to marry again. -Atlas, September 4.' T?s CaIMINAL.-The question of crime and its cure has yet to be rationally discussed. Our " ho norable gentlemen" of The Commons appear to know no more about the causes of crime, anl the true method of reforming the criminal, than they know about the abstract principles of political jus tice. Now. crime is a moral disease, which can only be successfully dealt with by those persons who are really acquainted with what may be called the science of moral anatomy. Bungling and ignorant otficials are no more competent to deal with the diseases of the moral world, than are self-anointed quacks with the disorders of the physical world. A man must understand the moral organization of his fellows, in all its complexities, before lie can success fully endeavour to cope with its derangements; and hence we see no more reason why the governors of prisons should not pass through a preliminiary course of study in reference to the moral departments of human nature, than why the surgeon should not submit to the repulsive toilsorf the dlissecting .rooro for they are both alikecalled upon to deal with tile diseases to which the frail Ihuman species are heir, and hence should beth be acquainted with the con stitution of the human being, whose varied ailments it is their business to cure. W'je our sage legis lators to'devote more attention to the character aund wants of man, instead of spending weeks in discuss ing the merits of nostrums, propounded by candi dates for situations, as the governors of gaols or penal settlements, there were then more rchance of the unfortunate criminal obtaining justice. Crime is a disease which no quack or ignoramus can suc ceed in curing ; and hence the sooner its treatment is confided to the hands of well-informed and phi lanthropic masters of moral science, the better both for the preseut and future times.-Nottinghaam Review. REMOVAL oP CONVICTS.--TIrE FaEt TICKBT SYsrTE.-Saturday the first batch of convicts, who are to leave their country on the free ticket system for Australasia, were removed from the Millbank Prison. They numbered between 70 and 80, and appeared in the best of health and spirits. The Ifatermtan steamner, No. 7, took them on board for Woolwichl, where tlhey still remain until another draught arrives fromn the new model prison of about the same number. On sailing, the vessel will call at Cork for another lot, and then proceed direct to Australasia. On arriving at their deutination, they will be treated as freemen, and everythling wsill be done, by order of her Majesty's Governmenit, to mnake themn forget tihe degraded state whlichl they had formerly been in.- Obsers'er, Sept. G. GEnaAN JtEItt'ItsrDENC.-AAn extraordinary circumstance occurred ait a recent sitting of one of thie courts of justice at lUhni, in Wurtetmburg. A peasant named Louis rladsttcher, of the village of ltluhetlhel, was about to be tried for having kdlled another peasant of the same village. In answer to the questions of tihe presiding judge, lhe energeti cally denied his guilt. The judge told him that he had confesssed it before the examining magistrate, when lie said he had done so on account of the mortal torture to which the examining magistrate had subjected to him. " This magistrate," ire went on to say," threw in my face the hands of the mur dered man, which had been cut otT his "orpse. He also showed me two ribs of the corpse, and said that if I did not avow the crime of which I was accused the dead man would appear at night before my bed, and would say to me " Louis. restore me the life you have taken !" 'The magistrate then asked me if I believed in ghosts, and on my answering in the aflirmative, told me that a great number of them would come and drag me into hell if I did not con fess ! Terrified at these threats, I confessed all that he wanted !" The examining magistrate was im mediately summoned, and as he admitted that lie had used intimidation, the court declared the examination null and void, and postponed the case for three months. The court then addressed to the Minister of Justice a report of the conduct of the examining magistrate.- Galinaoni. THE AME.IC.taN STEAM- SltP " ~.ASIuINOrON." The first operations of this vessel are rather unfor t.nate. Since her voyage from New York to South ampton, in which she was defeated by the Britannia two days, she again set- sail, homeward. bound, and had reached the Needles, when it was found that her fire-bars were burnt out. A new set were supplied which, however, soon shared the same fate. Being cbnsidered totally unsafe to continue tile voyage, the vessel's head was turned when more than a hundred miles from Southampton, where she safely returned in the afternoon of yesterday week. A committee of the passengers was held on Monday, when it was unanimously agreed that the destruction of the fire-bars was owing to the bad quality of the coals, a species of anthracite, much resembling the Ameri can, and which had destroyed two sets of fire-bars in 21 hours. The body of the furnace and the boilers were uninjured. It is but justice to Captain Hewitt to state, that he offered to refund the passage money to every passenger, which only two ac cepted, and for reasons unconnected with the ship. -Liverpool Albion, July 19. RBMARKABLE PRECAUTIONS POa LOUIS PutLIPPE's Paosracto,.-One of the saddest circumstanees which exist in this country is the extraordinary pre caution which is considered necessary to take for the safety of the king. There are, for example, five large barracks, each occupied by regiments of elite in the immediate vicinity of the Tuileries, and eighteen guard houses, each of which is continually occupied day and night by a troop of ready armed men, surround the palace. The palace itself is occupied by 250 national guards of the infantry battalions, and by 25 men of the regiment of horse. There are, besides, 350 soldiers of the line, and a troopof 50 men of a cavalry regiment. At nine o'clock a night detachment, composed of four com panies, takes its station in the centre of the palace, and remains all night with loaded arms; eighty sentinels, vith loaded arms, keep watch in and around the palaceduring the night ; besides which patrols and detachments visit every part of the palace and the gardes every half hour; 55 of the attendants in the gardens, and of the domestics of the royal household, mount guard in the royal apartments during every night, armed with double-barrelled guns. In addition to all this multitude, there is a number of police agents, aides-de-camp, adjutants, &c.;, continually on duty. A secret passage leads from the palace to one of the nearest barracks, and 'ome otf ..esuait-thouses are provided with laelders to enable tihesoldiers to enter the palace and gardens at any moment.--Frenech Correspondent of the Edinburgh P..egister. AusTaRA Ain ITALY.-From Italy we learn that the Austrian troops continue to augment on both banks of the to. Two reports have arrived, which remain to be confirmed. The first, that Cardinal Ferretti had summoned Austria, through her am bassador at Rone, to withdraw from the Pontifical territory under menace of withdrawing the nuncio from Vienna, aril delivering passports to tire am bassador at Rome ; the second, that Prince M.letter nich hasreplied that this will only be done lihen the National Guarl of the Papal States is disbanded, and the provincial representation given up. If these conditions are not complied with, Prince Mct ternich is reported to declare that the temporal power of the pope is over. A hitter from Rome of the 25th ult., published in the Semaphore of Mar seilles, says that the town of Perugia had offered to the Pope 2000 solunteers,and 600 muskets. General Bentivoglio, an old soldier of the empire, Colonels Bini, Boccanelo, Maijor Provinciali, and other officers having served under the empire, had left Rome on the 21td to reconnoitre the ground for establishing a camp. Before their departure these officers were personally reeceived by his tHoliness, who addressed them at parting thus : -" Gentlemen," said hle, " the sword is drawn, and we must not return it to the scabbard without disputing inch by inch the ground which belongs of right to us, and until we recover what we have lost. I hope that my brave soldiers will justify the confidence which their Scountry and their sovereign repose in them." It is impossible to describe the enthlusiasm excited by this address, which, with the rapidity of lighltning, was circulated through the city. Sardinia, which lhaes offered its co-operation to the Pope, lhas a population of above five mnillions and a half, at army on the war footing of 100,000, and a navy of twenty-eight ships, five of which are sixty-gun frigaters. It was said that the Kinig of Sardinia had sent troops to the Tuscan frontier, and that everything presented the aspect of war.- lritania, Sept. ii. ManaEsaoo.-" We learn," says the P'resse, " tlhat on the 14th instant, (the anniversary of tie battle of Marengo), a colossal statue of Napolean was inaugurated on the field, as a testimony of thie victory of our army in Italy. lThat generous idea is due to M. Jean Antoine IDelavo, of Alexan dria. A warm admirer of the Etaperor, as well as an ardent patriot. hI. Delavo formed mnany years since the project of raising a nmouument on tie celebrated field of battle, as well to perpetuate that glorious recollection as to celebrate tie day which delivered Italy from the Austrian army. After hIaving purcsasod the field of Marenlgo, he repaired the cottage where Napoleon rested, and where he wrote to tie Emperor of Austria. All the remains of arms, &c.;, collected on tie field lhave heen carefully preserved and disposed as trophies. A richly cultivated garden lhas been added to the mnodrest habitation immortalised by our arms. Tle statue, executel by one of the most skilful artists in Italy, has been placed on a site which commandi a foiull view of the entire field of battle, in front of the road which leads from Turin to (Genoa. Festi vitie and public rejoiciegs hlave tackeun place, with the permission of the Serdinian Gowve nment.e ANi:CDOrE OF OrIL. C'i.ALMErS.-- 'trIe ilanchecstee EI.rletminer gives the following, as ian " anecdote at first land" of the late Dr. Clhalmeros. There ass a little old womaun in the city of Glasgow, ho mnuchl ademired Dr. Lehalmers, and diigeetly attended all his sernnons, oni Sutndays aud week d3ys, lwhetlher they were doctrinal or practical, theological or as tronomical. Dr. Chalmers had dwelt much on a " moral lever" with which he wished to uplift human nature. VWhat a " moral lever" was, the little old woman could not divine. A friend took the poker, and placed it on the bars of the grate, trying to realise the ideal, and make the imagery palpable. The little old woman paused-mused-and at last the tire burned. She bethought of the indignity done to the pulpit, the subject, the doctor, and her self, by so gross a materialization of the " moral lever;" and bursting with indignation, she asked, " Do you mean to tell me that Dr. Chalmers would preach a hale hour about a poker P" YEOMANRYa CoRPs IN THE UNITIn KNODOol.-lIt appears from a return to the House of Commons, that the total charge for the Yeomanry Cavalry in Great Britain, for the year 1842, amounted to 101,704?1.; the number of officers to 845, and the number of men to 13,353. In the year 1S43, the total charge amouted to 95,4701.; the number of officers to 893,and the number of men to 14,311. In 1844, the charge amounted to 87,6221'; the number of officers to 873, and the number of men to 14,189. In 1545, the charge amounted to 82,1821.; the number of officers to SS9, and the number of men to 14,353 ; and in 15-846, the total charge amounted to 87 94-11. ; the number of oflicers to 884, and the number of men to 13,818. EMIGRATION AND STEAM To AUSTrALIA.-Before quitting commercial matters it may not be irrelevant to say a word or two in reference to the condition of some of our colonies, thoseofAustraliain particular. In to-day's papers you will see a brief announcement as to Messrs. Sunderland and Boyd having yesterday had an interview with the Emigration Commis sioners. Having just had a conversation with Mr. Boyd (Boyd Brothers, New Bank-buildings) the writer is able to give the substance of the interview, which was of a most satisfactory nature as regards the welfare of those thriving colonies and of the par ties about to be sent there. It appears that the Com missioners have nearly £100,000 at their disposal, arising from the colonial land revenues, and with this they intend to despatch some 7000 emigrants of both sexes. In the choice of these, however, much more discrimination will be exercised than was for merly the case. A system of certificates as to cha racter and eligibility is adopted that will prevent many of the abuses complained of before free emi gration to the antipodes was suspended, when go vernment vessels were freighted wi:h individuals perfectly useless to themselves and a nuisance to the colonies. The conditions now imposed will require a tolerable degree of respectability as to means, and full proof as to bodily health industrious habits,and a knowledge of suitable trades or agricultural pur suits before the passage is granted, and mere paupers and invalids will have no chance of being foisted by parish Bumbles of either towns or rural districts on the commissioners. The work is already being rapidly proceeded with. Two vessels are now chartered at Deptford, one for male and the other for female passengers, families, of course, not being seperated. Another vessel will shortly be placed at Plymouth, another at Dublin, and others on other stations, as may be deemed advisable from the answers to the commissioners' circulars, now some time in circulation. The emigration will be pro ceeded with throughout the winter, and will not, it may be presumed, be limited to the sum named should favourable accounts be received, as there is every reason to hope there will, of the snccess of the first portion of the experiment. Nearly all the Anatralian settlements are in a most prosperotus con dltolun, their sole want being labour, of which it is quite impossible that too much can be sent out, at least for very many years to come. The recent depreciation of their wool is against them a little, espelially as the interchange of advices respecting the stateof the market occupies such an interminable time at present. But this latter evil will be corrected before long, thanks to Waghorn's company for steaming between Sydney and Singapore, the practical carrying out of which project now only awaits Earl Grey's prosd'r of contract for conveying the mails between the two ports just mentioned, and so completing, with the aid of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, the.circumnavigation of the globe by steam. That no time may be lost in the business, Waglhorn has started for lIowrick Castle to lay hold of the Colonial Secretary, and he will by this time have arrived there, and is no doubt enthusiastically thanking his stars for being relieved by Palmcrston in the uncongenial duty of making a goose of him self amidst the formal fooleries of Ardvetrkie. London Correspondent of Licerpool Albion, Sept. 5. UNITED ST.TES AND tMEXIco.-On the 30th July General Scott was still at Puebla, preparing, how ever, for an immediate advance upon Mexico. He only waited to be joined by General Peirce, who was expected to reach Puebla in the first week of August. The attack upon l'eirce's detachment at Puente Na cional,of which vague rumours only were received by last mail, was repulsed with considerable loss to the Mexicans. Notwithstanding the natural strength of the position occupiel by the .Mexican guerillas, tihe Armericans carried it in gallant style, They reserved their fire till within one hiundrcd yards of the enemy, and thllen opened it with murderous egfect, forcing the Mexicans to an immtaliate retreat.. Ge neral Pi'eirce reached I'erote without any further attempts to interrupt his march, and there hie 5as joiied by Smith's brigade, sIlsich General Scott had despatclied to meret him.- Britnniui, Sept. 4. COSslLt AND CORAL .EeF NEA T'ilE MISslSSSsPPI. -.The remains of a liarge coral reef have been found in the valley of the Mlississlppi, the gigantic branches of which shoot up several feet into a beautiful arbo rescent form. At the base were the f)ossil remains of the huge lugluden, shark, fishes, se., many of the former from forty to one hundred feet long, winding in serpentine form among the coral, Oysters meaasurilg fifteen iiches in length, andl weighing fromn ten to fifteen lbs., were also found. -Liverpool .Albion. Tni " 'Ga:E.r UBtr.AI."-We are glad to state that on tsriday week this immense vessel was floated off its strands on the sands of Duudrumrn Bay, where it ihas lain for cleven months, and is now in dlockat Liverpool. Immediately after the successful operation of hloating tile vessel hadl been performend, an examination was math of her bottom; hlier leakage was found to be very little, irot more than six inches an hlour, to meet which site was supplied sith forty pumps, ten of thie most powerful being sullicient to draw out the water. On further examni nation it was found that so slight was tihe damage thait even iher sheeting would have been but little intjuredl, i:had it not been for tile system adopteld at hirst, iihile the vessel was under the eoumnsand of Captais Ihlo.bken, from the manner ins fhieh the coals were thirown under the slhip's sides, and otn niore than son occsiun, ,lien tihe ve:;sel had shiifted aniid rolled over, hier latinig sas iinjosmd In n:asny places. Immediately after the vessel was bluated, tite Dirluenheaud steam tug, coinandlI by Captain lngrami, withll 150 Ibourers to I;cep time pumpsi guing all tle timse, was put ini tow of the Greot lBriain, .anid the two vessels started oni Sun day noon for Belfast Loch, which they reached at ' o'clock. Captain Claxton, the Messrs. Bremer, 65 riggers from P'ortsimouth, with 40 marigers and sailors, were on board the Great Britain. The vessels then. proccLede- again from Belfast to the river Mersey, at an average speed of six miles an hour, and as the vessel came up the river Mersy the water was seen pouring from the pumps at her side. The Great Britains arrived shortly after in dock at .iverloal. The paint of her hull is dirty, and one of her side plates is stove in. There is no doubt that in short time the Great Britain will be ready for seangain. As to her future destination. it is uncertain.- Observer. RtssIAr Coit.-A parcel of coin has arrived at the Mint from Russia, sent by the Russian govern ment for the authorities of that place to ascertain,by separation or analysttion, the relative quantities of the valuable metals which it is supposed to contain The Government of Bavaria has just ordained that from the 1st of August next, the journals of other countries, Bremen excepted, shall no longer be subjected to censure on arriving within its territories. The reason of the excludion of the newspapers of Bremen from this concessisn is not stated. DAs.INo ArtrS.M'r To RB A I'PosrTIN.-A most daring attempt was made torob a letter carrier near Wood- street, Cheapside, wso was carrying out letters containing money, one-f which contained rno less than 100,0001. Three hmndred pounds reward have been offered by the authioties for the appre hension of the oflenders, and the'tMukcrs are about to add 3001. more. Mr. Robert Own, at the age oa seventy-six, left New York, for England, in May kst, with a plan which he intends proposing to the British (Govern ment, for the permanent relief aid elevation of Ireland. CHEAP LIVING.-Provisions of al kinds (says Mr. Lloyd) are cheap and abundant Ratotlenburg ; the fishmarket, In particular, is well sloplied. In deed, a gentleman of my acquaintanc mentioned that on one occasion lie had six differst kinds of fish served at his own table, the cost of lhich was one rixdollar, or Is. of our money. 'here are several hotels at Gothenburg ; one of thel is kept by Mr. Todd,a respectable Scotclhan. Thchharge for a room for the day is about one shillitz ; for breakfast ninepence; every thing else is chap its proportion. There are also several restauripurs, where a man may dine cheap and well, eitheat a table d'hlite, or separately if lie chooses, and evo the choice of an excellent bill of fare, for a shillit ; wine is not quite so cheap in proportion, for clain, or rather vin ordinaire, costs 2s. 6d. or 3s; tit bottle. In dining at a tavern in Sweden, however one is never expected to take wine.-Northert. IField Sports. P'unLIC WOR.cs IN Eorrs.-The number of hands actually employed on public works throughout Egypt must exceed 120.000. At the Larrage of the Nile, by last accounts, the number of people at work there was 33.000. On the new canals in the Delta there are 20,000 troops employed, and 50,000 fellahs, or field labourers, from the different villages, all of whom, however, are to be dismissed on the rising of the Nile, which ought already to have commenced, but it is unusually late this year.- Belt's Aessen ger. 