ToMio Editor of tfie Port Phillin au: Hie votaries of' superstition 3 surely, be vi-y ill off iu this new conS! without Irit, ghost, or fairy, >ut let be of-gobf hope, for there may bo bi£2 imas Atiiand. ' ueasvo frequently put the question t the believer in tbeso tuiugs if ho.iud aem \ ghoit since lija arrival In Austraiia, and th answer was Snvor a'jly, no ; but we £ pened to be in a hcuse a few mouths where a. party hid to go bony; to thair ««! station a little way off. late in tho eveifo Wc jocularly ip narked, you heed be 1q J hurry fur ttofcreH'e norfostsin thti eounii 1 am iiot ouctLbciat thaljBsyfi ' company, for told mo that athjg tinn he saw a strange figure nenflpy the huts one day in u road day-Ught, aiiJ going for vya d to .moat it, he It made no reply hr "lilted thrust it tbrpugh it '-thrdugnlusfl according .to Qpit tpfdinaht;! wo could not keep ouc -gravity to j£ the subjeot any frrthor, «q poor ghost Iran fite I iu tw . the utter horrdr «ml nra aAaeCof otic pre&ent;, : oxemit .rtliB seemed quiio sonops , an;:tl)e an ippoar&uce;, :hlch ' tw are jE tisfiod was n all feigned. ' -fj The mind here, in .question was deeply tinged with superstition, 'as we afterwards discovered, and we should n rifiod i r, by and bye, it fell ip adtb forated spirit in its wanderings in the bush Of this, however, we are certain that it is only before, such' understandings it will venture to shew itself. What rooted them out of Scotland ? What -but sound chr tianity and our parochial schools ? What I say, however, rooted out, I ought slightly to qualify the expression,for small tinge of it yet to met with thi tain remote parts of the country. In partiaoiar wa Jmow. k tuil, fttLt wbick sneh folk aro brbught rm lislla Sunday in May, to drink the water aqdn it externally. We ourselves' spot, nud'saw uh iron Utile iijtfce8%j gray etoro at the sldo of it, out df dUaTr slaked our tlurat, aud if pura, (Jtar eee water conld claim itnr rirty i. ftw. art, tho vvoU at — - ought mC:id t in its pretension. But Ve- thertwiSa - qnalitiei— tho cxoitemBnt,atidtheiwSSS ' nir of the morning, there iso-akleS i miraculous ranlt ln tly riilt jdsotktiwti- tills sequestered and romantic spring Although, perhaps, for these hundred years, the number has been annually lessen Ing, yet tho influence of superstition over a nation is so adherent that all the powerful means to which we have alluded, had not been able to eradicate it' among ,the ignor rant mob ; so -that, -a goodly number to recent period, were wont regularly to resort to it, of the class we have indicated but not unfrequently joined by a party of young idle persons who wept purposely thither for the sake of the fun and folly of the thing ' These remarks have been made to point out the deplorable effects of ignorance in a country, add we believe:there ls no place the civilized world more behind in this re spect than' Australia ; for we have been in formed by persons that had ample opor. tunities through the interior that the want of education among tho lower classes is lamentable in the extreme, --whole families growing up in the' midst of us without being able to read a word. WUlltfealJ ' of things coptlnes raoooimjK bs the result to coptcinpla V:anH J® l will be the reiponsihUity tii will'silSi1 our rulers, nay, to evory man caplhuiub of re flection, and to whom providence 11m wh t tlio nioans either in money ior SloStb to up-lift his arm against it.. - v< MP) . ... , , ;; 