Local News. THE STORMS. -The stormy weather recorded in our last appears to have visited almost every part of the settled districts. Below we publish several com- munications which have reached us; but, from what we hear. it appears that they do not record by any means the whole of the disasters that have taken place. In the North, the North Para Bridge at Gawler Town was carried away, which must stop communication by drays with the northern districts; and our enterprising and interesting citizen, Mr Nichols of the Reformer coach, nearly lost the said vehicle and his valuable life on the Light. We are happy to announce that the damage caused by our fierce foaming river has been partially repaired. The Prescot Bridge, as it should now be called, was re- paired on Friday, and communication by drays across the river re-established. The Government are now busy improving the road to it, and are throwing a bridge across the Creek near Mr Bailey's garden. A foot bridge has been thrown over the gap at Frome Bridge, and a number of men are employed at it; but we question much the propriety of repairing it. lt seems destined to cost the colony at least £200 in repairs per annum, or 10 per cent, of the original cost, while, as Mr Prescott has proved, nearly that sum would make a better one, that would stand the floods without repair. The nature of the Torrens seems not till now to have been at all comprehended; and our engineers appear to have imbibed their notion of it from Mr Horton James, and other gentlemen, who talked of holding it in their hat. The little foot bridge in embryo has been spirited away. It was commenced at a bend of the river, and the Torrens spitefully set to, and carried away an immense mass of the bank, so that the project of making a bridge there must be abandoned. The City Bridge is nearly in statu quo. About eight feet of the roadway at the narrowest part remains entire, and is used by foot passengers. The west side of the bridge does not appear to have been shaken ; and it is the opinion of many that the piers have not sunk in the least. If so, the bride can be easily repaired; but we believe a different plan must be adopted, in order to enable the bridge to resist the heavy floods. Probably, also, the fender of piles up the river, proposed by the Governor, will make the future floods much less dangerous to all the bridges. The stout little Wilkins Bridge has gone at last. It was destroyed, as stated in our pre vious number; and when the river subsided, it was found to have made a clean breach — the great tree to ehich the bridge was made fast, having likewise been carried away. Several trees on the park land have been thrown down. In another column will be found an accouut of damage to Colonel Light's mo- nument. THE WEATHER. - Mount Barker, July 24 1847. Since Wednesday last, the weather has been most tempestuous ; storms of thunder, lightning, and rain, sucb as has never been experienced since the foun- dation of the colony, attended with very considerable damage. Amongst the property injured by the storm, we have to enumerate ihe residence of Duncan Mac farlane, Esq., ihe chimney on the weather end of the house being blown down, and the wall being much injured. About eight or ten other houses in the neighbourhood have been completely destroyed. Se- veral persons attempting to cross the creeks have had a narrow escape from drowning' The whole of the agricultural operations have been completely sus- pended, and all the low lands are under water. Another correspondent writes as follows : I do not know how you have fared in Adelaide, but gere we have had awful storms and gales of wind, accompanied by thunder, lightning, and tremendous hail storms, with almost incessant rain since Sunday. Parties who had piesc* buildings, and dwelling in fancied security on the flats or near creeks, have suffered considerably, and much good land, and con- siderable quantities of fencing, have been carried sway. Much seed has yet to be got into the ground, and there is not much prospect at present of a harvest like the last. A Correspondent at Strathalbyn gives the subjoined accoont of an accident, attended with loss of life : Î beg to communicate to you particulars of an ac- cident with loss of life, which bappened yesterday, 24th July, at about eleven o'clock in the forenoon, viz., as two men were in the act of passing a smal boat over the Angas, nearly opposite to the school house in the above township; they were suddenly overset by the power of the stream; and, notwith- standing that a rope had been placed so as to assist them in getting across, one of them, unfortunately, having lost his hold, after a few ineffectual struggles, in the smoother water, was precipitately carried down by the current, and, in a few minutes, sunk to rise no more ; and although a number of individuals were present, it was not in the power of any to render assistance, owing to the unusual swell upon the river. The deceased was a young man named John Wood ; he had been residing at Macclesfield. His body has not yet been found. The successive heavy rains of the present season have been, beyond all precedent, destructive at the Reed Beds. Most of the occupiers of sections on the Torrens have erected banks, to prevent the rise of such inundations as those of last year. The result has been, that the accumulated force given to the water, by the stream being con- tracted, has been too much for the restraint, and the banks in several instances yielded to the immense pressure of such bodies of moving water as we have lately seen. At Moore Farm, after the floods of last month, the injury done to a part of the garden from the large overflow of the water, led to the adoption of the same plan on the greater part of the river-line of the section. A considerable portion of this bank gave way on Monday I«st, and the water pressing down a slope, gradually worked out a considerable gully. On Wednesday, the same consequences ensued ; the gully widened and deepened, and gradually th« ground gave way, so that it approached nearer the river's trunk ; the stream poured in with a fall of ten or twelve feet, and it was evident that another such flood would unite the gully with the river, which would then make a complete branch into the section. Accordingly, in less than one hour after the commencement of the heavy flood of Thursday last, the intervening ground yielded to the irresistible force of the current,and a new channel was at once opened, into which the raging stream poured with uncommon fury-waves, from eight to ten feet high, swept away trees, fences, sandhills, and soon covered the whole of the ad- jacent lands.-The effect on the main river was instantaneous ; the water, which was everywhere threatening to flow over the newly made banks, fell in a short time two or three feet The new opening was rapidly enlarged, until, in a few hours, it became more than twice the width ol the old branch of the Torrens. The whole surrounding country has been laid under water, and a deep stream passes completely across the two sections. Mr Fredk. Davis, end one of the men, in returning from town with the horse and cart, not knowing the rush of water, were in imminent peril in crossing the sections - they soon came into deep water, and the horse and cart were both floated a considerable distance before they again reached footing for the horse. Had they been half an hour 1ater, the water would have been much deeper, and the current much too strong for them to have successfully contended with it. We understand the new channel of the Torrens must become a permanent outlet ; and, unless some measures are taken to direct its course towards the Bay: it is to be feared Moore Farm and the section adjacent, will be rendered value- less. We do not doubt the Government will interfere to execute the proper measures, which must of necessity be beyond private means. Eight floods have now deluged the Reed Beds, since the 20th June, and so thoroughly is the country saturated, and so rapidly does the rain get access to the river, that the fall of Thursday night at four or five o'clock, reached its maximum height in the Torrens at the Reed Beds as early as three o'clock in the afternoon. In 1844, there were nearly thirty hours between the fall of rain and the flood, at the same quarter. Ti.e witter, we find, had subsided a little on Monday, but it must be weeks before any communication can be had with the town, and at present ail access is impracticable. Moore Farm, and the section of Mr John White, are now situated on an island, and the absence of a bridge, so long promised, at the junction of the Port and Bay roads, must be felt a greater evil than ever. % On Friday, Carthy. Wilson, Dayton, Price, ant Hinds, prisoners under sentence of transportation were put on board the Timba, by Mr Ashton, th« Governor of the Gaol. Carthy will be well re membered under the soubriquet of " L^nky," si the terror of the southern part of the town Wilson was convicted some time back cf severn thefts. Dayton and Price w«-re the perpetrator of the black faced robbery, at the Halfway Hou*c on the Port Road: and Minds, the mysterious Cock Lane ghost, at Mr Levi's. THE Butt-nrwc. «ocrPTV.- We nerceir* that the members af the Adelaide an I Suburban Building So cietv are "ow «.»jgiged in d:«cnssing 'be nu clause« of their mended D°e I cf Settlement, an wish them every pucces«. We are sorry I« fiad, however, that one of its members has taken the mos! unjustifiable liberiy of misrepresenting ano'her ras«), ber'* statement, m3d? wh le in dUcti*s«n. In a s'utr;lous episto'ary «rffasion , published in Saturday s Resister, the remarks in tba« !e!»er are so personal and fa'se about the partv who-e name is made to ap- pear so prominently therein, tbat instead of doing any troad. such a course can only »end to damage trie benffi'v'al results this society may have in view. It see e*i*tsd all along «ince the commencement of this society as to (he actual manner in whi«h i's weekly increasing funds should be invested. Some have joined this society under th» impression, that ail the rooney was to be invested solely in erecting aew co' la?es !'or each member, »o enable many of the working j m<>n, it* m«robar«. t« leave the rir*-sent wretched j hove's tliev «re compelled to Ure ic. o*mg to ihe trreat scarcity of houses in the town of Adelaide, and for which they are paving the most outrageous rems. Such is one side of the question. Others, on the comrarr, ii seems, joined this POMRIV under the idea, that when their sfme of the funds fell -'ue by baüo», the whole «um could be expended in anv arréragions or repairs of a'rp&dv; ex:=tinj buildings, if required, besides new dwellings. This is the other side nf the question. From this ra ut m I misunderstanding has arisen ali the recent discussion» a m «ni the eenera! body of members on the mo*ir»n broujht forward by one of the jr director», on this verv difference of opinion. We think the mat'er, now that this rci>un. demanding has been d-.s -nvered «o exist, could be nrnicahly settled very eíisüy. Wheo the Deed of Settlement is prepared for signature, to «hose mem- bers who joined the society on'y for the firs object, and do not consent to admit the second object io the Deed, give them Hack their money : formby the time the Deed is rnmp'eted for signature, they will j have plenty of lime io consider over the question, j wh« titer they enon «sith the society with the two j objects in common or ont. For thos* «rho d* sion, ; can then go on with th« funds l^ft on hand, and ¡ RCt as thev think mo-it .vlvanla?eo j ra*so time, we would advise the members to avoid all j persona] ^curri'ity or recrimination-it never does I good, but harm.-Commun ¡cried. [ THE MOUNT RARKF.R C»uvr.-** co-reapon len* in | tlie M o »nt Harker district, adverting towbar was said lately in Council a* to lite unwdinjress of «!>e tocal mag"»trates to inour responsibility, save tru'y 'bat the magistrates of that district are a derid-d exception. Th-y have never, we beüeve, declined act'nx in any case, and aithonuh th«*y meet once a wf^efc and do an immense amount of busbies*, on'v on», of their de- cision« has ever bf*»n brought n^d^r review, and that was affirmed by Judge Cooper. lt is a gratifvio? fact,that, nntwithptaidinj »he large cumber of emigrants arrived, th» nomher of drunkard* has not increased durn.; the !a I six montis. Out of nearly a ihnu has been brought up for drunkenness, and he i< not quite rigbt in !s:s mind, ¡n c in^eq^^n«*« or a wo-ind I in his head. The emierants per British, Sovereign j ara «it a particularly respetable class. 