PROCLAMATION. (From the Government Gazette Extraordinary of Tuesday last.) By His Excellency SIR WILLIAM THOMAS DENISON. Knighl. Captain in the Corps of Royal Engineers, Lieutenant- Governor of the Inland of Van Diemens Land and its Depetidenciesi Whereas Her Majesty has been- graciously pleased,, by lloyal Warrant; dated at Her Majesty's Court at Osborne House, Isleof White, the twenty-seventh day of June, one* thousand eight hundred and forty-six, in the tenth year of Her Reign, to constitute and appoint me, the said Sir William Thomas Denison, Knight, to be Lieutenant-Governor of the Islaud of Van Diemen's Land and its Dependencies, during Her pleasure, with all the rights, privileges, profits, perquisites,, and advantages to-the same place and office-belonging .or appertaining; and'in case of the death or during the absence of Her Majesty's Governor and Commander-in- Chief of the said Island- of Van Diemen's Land afld its Dependencies, then, and for the time being, to exercise and perform all and singular the powers and directions contained in Her Majesty's Commission to Her Majesty's said Governor and CommanderinChief, according to such instructions as he has already received from Her Majesty, and such further oider and instructions as he or I the said Lieutenant-Governor should thereafter receive from Her said Majesty;. and to command all and- singular Her Olliccrs, Ministers, and loving Subjects in Her said Island, and ail others whom it might concern, to take due notice of Her Majesty's said W arrant, and to give their obfdjcnce accordingly : Now I, the said Sir William Thomas Denison, Knight, Lieutenant-Governor of the Island of Van Diemen's Land and its Dependencies aforesaid do hereby proclaim and declare, that .1 have this day taken the prescribed oaths before the Executive Council of the Inland of Van Diemen'sLand aforesaid, aud that! have assumed the administration ofthe Government accordingly. . . Given wider my hand and. sea!, at Government House, Hobart Town, this twenty-sixth day. of January, one thousand eight hundred And forty-seven, and in the tenth year of Her. said Majesty's Reign. By His Excellency's Command, * J. E.BlcHENO, Colonial Secretary" Fire at Circular Head.—A fire broke ont at Circular Head, on the morning of the 14tb January, a little before six o'clock, at {he rear of the-Police buildings, (including the residence of the Pfalice Magistiate, and the Police- office,)-and the whole of the extensive rairge was entirely consumed, within one hour after the commencement of the conffagaration. On the alarm of the moment,,-Mr. Lee Archer, the police magistrate, &ad; but just tine -to his life, in hisnijgbt dress, with Mrs..'Archer and their large family of young children ; indeed,. 60 sudden arid- hurried were the circumstances, that it appears quite extraordinary that no lives were lost. Such of iheir friends and neighbours as could arrive on the spot, before the flames became too far advanced, exerted themselvesto- the utmost, in the endeavour to save some remnant of the property; but it is to be regretted, that but a very small portion could ;be extricated from the devouring element, and that a loss has been sustained fully equal to 500/. No insurance having been effected, this, together with- the great inconvenience of a family being situated at .such a place as Circular Head, where .'neither furniture or clothing fit for a family Jean be obtained', renders the case doubly •distressing. The correspondent who furbishes the above says, " in conclusion 1 ;bave to add the worst part yet of this sad 'aflair. There is every reason to believe *that the event did not take place by accident ; but, that it has been the woik of an incendiary. On this point however, it , would be at present improper to say more, 'as a legal investigation is in course of pro- ceeding."— Townships. Until recently we had nof noticed in the voluminous returns of 1846, .that in Port Phillip there are not less than seven private townships, while the Government townships only number four. Melbourne, Geelong, Portland, and Williams- Townare the Government towuivt.ilo JVsliUy, BidfasU Brighton. Brunswick, Irish-ToWjn, Newtown, and Richmond, are the fruits of private enterprise. In the middle district there are twelve private townships, while the number of public townships is forty-four.— Female Fondness for Red Coats.—Had the royal army of Israel been accoutred after the color and fashion of the British batallions, I am quite satisfied that another enigma would have been added by King Solomon to his special list of incomprelieu- -sibilitiesi The extraordina r y fascination which a red coat exercises over the mind aud optics ofthe fair sex, appears to me/a greater phenomenon than any which has been noticed by Goelhe in his Theory of tbe Developement of Colours. The same fragment of ensanguined cloth will irritate a bull, charm a viper, and bewitch the heart of a woman. No civilian, however good-looking, or clean limbed, and I rather pique myself upon my pins, has the ghost of a chance when opposed in the list of ; love to an officer, a mail guard, a whipperin, or a postman. You may be as clever a fellow as ever coopered up an article for the magazine, a« great a poet as Byron, in beauty an Antinous, in wit a Selwyn, in oratory a Canning—you may dance like Vest ris, draw like Grant, ride like Alexander, and yet, with all these accomplishments, it is a. hundred chanctes to one that your black coat, although fasniooed by the shears and polished by the goose of Stultz will be extinguished by the gaudy scarlet lia iiljments of a raw-boned ensign, emancipated six months ago, for the first time in his life, from the Highland glen, and even now as awkward a cub as ever presumed to plunge into the peri)s of a polka. " Sanaphore de Marseilles," of the 12th instant, quotes Mettpr irom. Rome of the 8th, giving an account of the Feast of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin, on which 'occasion the Pope was conducted in triumph to the.churchof the Madonna del Popolo, where it is usually celebrated. From the date of the publication of the amnesty.," says the writer—. " The Roman people lesolved to give the fcioly Father a public testimonial of theii gratitude, and decided that it should be on the 8th instant, the Feast of the Nativity. A subscription was accordingly opened for the purpose of erecting a monument destined to commemorate that act of clemency, and a temporary triumphal arch, representing the intended monument was then built on the Piazza de Popolo; its summH aqd base were surrounded with statues, symbols of religion aiid of tlite Vircues of which Pins IX. is the model. Inscriptions extolling those virtues, in appropriate and effecting, terms, adorn the columns. A rich carpet/ with the arms ofthe Holy Father, surrounded with various devices, was spread under the arch, and thence to the Quirinal the whole line which thepontificai cortege was to pursue was strewn with flowers. It is impossible to describe the aspect of the Corso at this moment. I can only compare it to an immense saloon,, magnificently decofated, offering to the eye everything that is calculated to move'the heart and mind of 100,000 enthusiastic spectators* richly dressed, completed its decoration. It was & truly- sublime spectacle. The most profound silence pervaded the crowd on the announcement of the approach of the Sovereign Pontiff, and permitted us to hear the distinct acclamations which saluted his passage. Five horse gendarmes opened a passage for the cortige through (he rquUitnde. Five hundred young men, drcssted in black, holding branches of laurel in their hands ;and bearing the pontifical colors, walked six abreast, and. sang hymns in praise of Pius IX. They were followed by the household of the Pope, dressed in crimson, and after them came the pontifical carriage, from whicn his Holiness, whoso tears betrayed his deep emotion, bestowed his benediction under showers of flowers and sonnets, and amidst the most deafening acclmalions." Earthquake in, Tuscany.'—the following is an extract of a letter, dated Leghorn, August 15 This city is in the greatest consternation. The inhabitants are dying in all directions,, seeking shelter in camps erected in the fields. All the shops are shut. My hand yet tremblefrwhilst I write the dreadful effects of the earthquake of the 10th. Several villages, amongst others, Oriciana and Lorenrana, are a heap of ruins. Considerable damage has been done on the Maremes Toscanis. The church St. Michael, at Fisa, has been seriously injured. Several public edifices at Leghorn and many private houses will require pulling down, and re building. / Our estimable Grand Duke hus sent provisions and money to the unfortunate peasantry." The Captain of the Fergalo reports, that at four a. m. of the lGlb, the earthquake was felt at Naples, but did little or no injnry- The Semaphore of Marseilles states that the walle of many of the houses of Leghorn had been cracked by the earth- ^qmAa, «i««l «ft.lho cllopa iiad baBB cloSP.A, but no life was- lost.- According to this journal, many Tuscan villages had been half destroyed, . The shock lasted for about: nine seconds. A slight shock bad been felt at Genoa, but no calamity bad resulted from it. Daniel Forrester, the Mansion-house officer, was, a short time ago, employed to trace out and apprehend William Thomas Power, who stands charged with having* with others,, defrauded theClonmel National Bank, of which he was an accountant, of money to the amount of upwards of 13,C00£. The vigilant London officer, accompanied by Patrick Enright, a Clonmel c. instable, who knew the person of Power proceeded with the warrant, backed by the Lord Mayor of London, to the Continent and, acting with his accustomed sagacity,.found that the object of his pursuit was at Munich, to which place he went asrapidly as possible. Power hadassumed the name of Thus. Prisk, and was successfully captured by Forrester, who will bring him to this country, and from hence convey him to Ireland. The prisoner had absconded from the bank in December, and the warrant, and other documents necessary to legalise his apprehension, were signed on the 15th of August. Convicts for the New Penal Settlement.<— The Pestonjee. Bomanjee, hired transport ship, has arrived at moorings opposite the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, to receive 150 male convicts, and convey them to the new penal settlement Australia. Lord and Lady.—Lord and Lady are words of Saxon origin Lord is from La-ford (loaf-giver), and he was sp called from his maintaining at his own expense a number of retainers or dependents. Lady is called Laf-dian (loaf-server), because she cut and served round the bread to the guests. Rainbows.—Rainbows can only occur when the clouds are opposite the sun. In England tbe heavy rains are usually brought by tbe westerly winds. W hen the rainbow is in the west, the bad weather is on the road to us ; when in the east,, the tain is passing from us. Heat of Comets.—In reference to the size and beat of comets, Sir Isaac Newton calculates that a globe of red-hot iron ofthe dimensions, of the earth would scarce be cool in 50 000 years. W. T. DENISON. Launceston Examiner. Portland Guardian. —Blackwood, —Morning Post, Oct. 6. ' 