".MISCELLANEOUS. Russian Habits, — The Russian ' cookery is very indigestible, ami, will lire excbplipn oLfomc' dishes, cannot be .-touched : by delicate nctsous. It is. therefore, banished to die inferior classes, ' 'rind' is replaced among ihe nobility by' French cookery. Two or three kinds .of soups, .gruel, and Russian dikes aro the only dishes which retain their pit- yilegeof appealing at tlie best tables. ; .Generally 'speaking people liVe 'vefy weU. and die . meals are numerous, and ;' sumptuous. The consumption ol chatn- i . pag'iie.is immense. It is said that more -.i champagne is : drunk in Russia than is 'niade'Mn" France and the Russian .injant learns-.thc name of- cliquol .at the , il.same 'ninie as die words lather and t >rr.other. This wine costs, however, ''"t'lvtie' os much' as at Paris, because the __Russ.an. exchequer takes n glass for every;; .o.tie.dtunk by a private person. The best Bordeaux- wines are sent to Russia; but- Burgundy will nut stand the passage by : sen. Several wines of , the Crimea Vital those 'of France, and j jnight prove a.-grcnt resource,- if . proper lntlv'nt-ige. were tjiken ol them. Never- . -iheless.ihe use of wine is not general; .. arid brandy -supply its -place in moderate establishments. Tea is n <HVourite beverage of the Russians, and some people' drink it all day long, just OG trill -Q ikaniOirlc tin # K e. !' nl.AAnl«t« A- German- -tourist remarked, that while ".civilised Europe loudly, calls for gold, the Russian- calls for tea." The Rus sians are much nddicted to smoking, 'And their tobacco is of - a pretty good -'quality; the' Excise not having yet in- tetle.red with it. The young men carry , --'the, mania :of smoking to a great excess, -vand have valets in their service specially ;';mppoiiiied to fill and light their pipes. "' If lliq, master, enters, or tings his bell, : ,:they do not ask what lie wants, but im- -mediately hasten to him with his pipe 'and- light. Formerly there was much ostentation displayed in their pipes, and in 4he . amber mouthpieces ; now quan- i.i ij-'-y has supplanted quality ; and the " cigar is. already beginning to assert its right oytjr the pipe. The vapour baths . the' 'same as tltey have been front .time immemorial ; tbey are at \- .oneo aduxury and a pleasure, promoting \--eaniitiess/and health. The use of linen is riot so' general as might be de- sjred;i nay, it is still a mark of distinc- ' -tion of die higher ranks. Many persons v -'change ft; only when they go to the baths; orice, or at most, twice a week. ".So you put on clean linen every day," -maidm. Russian officer to his comrade, who had been accust'med toParsian habi's. " And 'you?" ir.quired the — latter. " I keep that lor S-rtur day,", replied the other, with great c naivete j In fact, there are persons ivho coloured (nen, because it is 'ess " liable 'to become dirty, or at least to appear bo. " Cards ate the usual re- , source, and amusement of tho Russians, and fill, tip their evenings more than dancing and conversation. Whisl and preference have superseded pharao and . lansquenet ; and the ' civil officers, in "particular, have acquired great nkill in these games. — Russia under the Auto- ',crat,-bg a Russian subject. A Rover. — The steward, on account ol refusing to sign articles, had been ' - broken and sent forward. Ilis motive "'for refusing the captain could not fathom, and at dinner, one day, made 'lIlG) <ikfnilirv' ffrtm tflA Pnr.Ir urlin tuna . doing duty in Jirs place. " Cook !'" said Captain J——. " Yes, sir," replied t(te cook. " Has that fellow had- any coriversation in tlie forecastle with the ;i people?" ":0 yes, ser, a good deal." " What about?" "'Bout one thing and another, principally about his wife, ser." " Well, but his wife is in Liverpool." " Yes, ser, he got another in Sydney." 'MVhat! two wives?" " H's main wife in Sydney, ser," said tlie cook, with a face that would have upset the gravity of the most matter- of- ,lact. person. — Fr'stf to the Antipodes. " Skctch of Major- General Sir Charles J. Napier . — His long white beard tells Jjiat he Jriust have seen full sixty years in .varityis climcs ; but his bright pene trating eye also tells that he i9 in the , -/ntejlect,ual. vigour of middle age, al though tltesurvivor of thirty-four of his people who had been struck with coup de soliel, and- who, with one exception, were dead corpses in three hours. A ..head which o phrenologist would de light to lake a cast from, exhibits a ,o/v««iV|7k.u,. iriitvii: ntc tuiuiicas ui tnu hair cannot conceal; a long. raised scar atthe side, and asmaller in front, indicate hat a musket ball had traversed his face; an involuntary, motion ol tlie muscles, i i. the effect of. other wounds received in thg Wellington school, keeps his hand and arm" in perpetual motion. On his breast is seen a gold medal, inscribed ' Cotunna,' surmounted with clasps, bearing the name of other fields. Peer ing from beneath a broad red ribbon, ' from which is suspended a Grand Cross of the Ba<h, a>e seen two medals, on 'one of wlj'ch ' Meeanee is written, on the other ' Hydnibad.' At his Bide is a superb gold-mounted sword, pre sented by the Earl of Ellenborough, as a token ol his Lordship's personal esteem, and comment'.ratioo of the brilliant services in India performed under his Lordship's administration. The editor of Bell's Weekly Messenger v/ho enjoys a dis'inction somewhat rare, we should think.amongst the conductors of .the press, namely, that of being a "considerable landowner, says, " We have given up all the game on our esmte' to the occupying tenants, and reduced our rents ten per cent." Burke's Jirst Speech in Parliament. — There appeared in this debate. (1766) a new 'speaker, whose innie (or elo quence soon tote high above the ordinary pitch. Ilis name was Edmund Bui he, an Irishman, of a Roman Catholie!lamily, and actually married to one of that persuasion. He had been known, to the public for a few years, by his ' Essay, on the Sublime and Beauti- tui, ana oilier ingenious works; but the narrowness of his fortune had kept him down, and his best revenue Imd arisen from writing for booksellers. Lord Rockingham, on being raised to the head of the treasury, had taken Boike for his priv.te secretary, as Mr Conway had his cousin William. Edmund im mediately proved a bitter scourge to George Grenviile, whose tedious ha rangues he ridiculed with infin te wit, and answered with equal argument. Grenviile himself was not more copious. But, with unexhausted fertility, Burke, had an imagination that pomed out new ideas, metaphors, and allusions, which came forth ready dressed in- the ,mcst ornamental, and yet the most correct language. In truth, lie was so fond of flowers, that lie snatched them, il they presented themselves, even from Ovid's Metamorphoses. : Ilis wrr, though pre pared, seldom failed him ; his judgment often. Aiming always at the brilliant, and rarely concise, it appeared that he felt nnthimr icnJlu hit#, iho Incf nr.. — 7 j " plause. Ilis knowledge was infinite, but vanity had the only key to il ; and, though no doubt he aspired highly, he seemed content when lie had satisfied the glory of the day, whatever proved the event of the debate. This kind of eloquence contented himself and olten his party. Bur the house grew weary at length of so many essays. Having come too late into public life, and being too conceited to study men whom he thought his inferiors in ability, lie proved a very indifferent politician.— Horace Walpole's History of the Reign of George III. Codjishing at Newfoundland — We soon arrived at our fishery, and cast our lines of strong cord with a heavy leaden sink and three or four hooks baited with slices of fish. In a minute or two there was a chorus of " I've got him !" and, as wc pulled, the prizes plunged, dived, and twisted, tilling the dark green water with pale distorted ghosts of sea monsters, which, as they neared the surface and became exhausted, con densed into the sober realities of resigned and unresisting codfish. Our myrmidon immedia'ely put an end to their suffering by sinking them on the head with a short bludgeon he called " the priest." He then cut ofa piece off the tad of one of them to furnish fresh bait. . By thus encouraging their cannibal propensities we soon caught so many that we were heartily tired of the sport. To give us an idea of the innumerable multitudes of fish the boatman cast a line, with a heavy weight at the end and half a dozen hooks attached, lull length into the water, till it had nearly reached the bottom, and then jerked it along, pulling it towards him. It seldom came up without a victim writhing on one of the barbs. Fully conten'ed with thisspeci- nten of the truly national sport of New foundland I reluctantly trusted myself to the mercy of the high trotting horse again, and he soon whirled us home. — England in the New World. A Shark u nth Two of his Parasites. — A blue shark, ten feet one inch in length, wastaken near Clontarf-wall, on Tuesday evening week. It was seen in shallow water, by N. A. Nicholson, who, with some fishermen, succeeded in driving him on shore, where they soon despatched him. Attached to the head were two of that curious fish, tlie remora so usually found on sharks in the tropical seas. This species of shark is not un- fiequently on the southern coast, but does not appear to be often seen of so great a size. The occurrence of the remora is, perhaps, the first authentic record of its being found on the Irish coast. The specimens have been secured for the University Museum, and added to the large collection of Irish fishes there accumulated. The traffic receipts of the Southeastern Railway are, as we lately foretold, weekly increasing, and may be expected still further to advance as the capabili ties of the line, especially in connexion with continental railways, are still fur ther developed. The gioss receipts for the week ending the 1st instant, were £11,265 7s lid. How to ventilate the House of Com mons. — If the house is very cold, let George Behtinck begin to speak, and a gradual warmth will be the result. If this ivarm'h is more than the members can bear, let Mr Disraeli attack Sir Robert Peel, and the astonishing cool ness will strike everybody. If the debate is too oppressive, Mr Peter Borihwick should . be called upon to speak, and he will clear the house in a few minutes, by sending every member i out ol ii. — Punch. The first Boat in Afghanistan. — The officers of the British army do not ap pear to have wasted even tlie rainy sea son ' in abso'ute inaction. They set themselves to an -employment which was exceedingly interesting in itself, and wliich, when the period of exhibiting its results arrived, proved to be a source of fresh wonder to their Caucasian neighbours. The 13th Light Infantry could boast in those of a very ingenious individual among its officers. Mr. Sinclair possessed a great mechanical genius, which he now applied to the construction of a boat, which he suc ceeded in rendeting complete in all res- spec-s during the interval of the rains. Carriages, being provi -led, it was con veyed, with its oars, masts, and sails, to the lake, and there launched. Now, there had never been seen in all Afghanistan before that moment such a thing as a boat of any description. Individual Afghans, who might have strayed as far as the Indus, couhl pos sibly speak on their return of the in flated hides by means of which the dwellers upon the banks ot mat river waft themselves from point to point ; and the flying 'bridge, or huge ferry boats, which here and there cro s the stream, must have had a place in their memory. But even to travellers the trim wherry in which a party of young men now embarked was entirely new, and to the multitude it became an ob- ject of ns'onishment indescribable. They could not comprehend the -princi ple on which it had been fabricated. The oars, the masts, the sails, and, above all, the rudder, were marvels and mysteries to them ; and when the crew, after exhibiting before them, en deavoured to explain that England possessed floating castles of the kind, capable of accommodating many httn- d'ed persons, and carrying each a hun dred guns of heavy calibre, they lifted up their heads and eyes in mute amaze ment. It is hardly necessary to add, that of the mighty ocean it was im possible to convey to their minds any irlna (re r lio tttltrt )l3C nrtt flPATI tllP 5Pn never learns, even from books and draw ings, how rightly to apprehend it ; and to those who had for the first time heard of it, it was mere sound without sense. —Sale's Brigade in Afghanistan. The Brother and Sister ; a Touch ing Scene. — A French paper says, Lu- cilla Romee, a pretty little girl, with blue eyes and fair hair, poorly but neatly clothed, was brought before the Sixth Court of Correction, under a charge of vagrancy. ' Does any one claim you ?' said the magistrate. 4 Ah 1 my good sir,' she repl'ed, ' 1 have no longer any friends ; my father and my mother are dead, I have only my brother James; but he is as young as I am. Oil, dear, what could he do for me ?' 4 The court must send you to the house of correction.' ' I-Iere I am, sis ter. Here I am ; do not fear,' cried a childish voice fiom the other end of the court. And, at the same instant, a little boy, with a sprightly countenance, dressed in " an elegant costume as a groom, 6tarled forth from the midst of the crowd, and stood before tho magis trate, 4 Who are you ?' said he. ' Jamess Romee, the brother of this poor little girl.' 4 Your age?' 4 Thir teen.' 4 And what do you want?' 4 1 come to claim Lucilla.' 4 But have you, then, the means of providing for her?' 4 Yesterday I had not, but now I have. Don't be afraid, Lucilla.' Lucilla; 44 Oh! how good you aie, James Magistrate, to James : 4 But let us see, my boy ; the court is dis posed to do all it can for your sister. However, you must give us some ex planation.' James: 4 About a fort night ago my poor mother died of a bad cough, for it was very cold at home. We were in great trouble. Then I said to myself I will become an arti- zan, and when I know a good trade I will support my sister. I went appi en tice to a brushmaker. Every day I used to carry her half my dinner, and at night I took her secretly tojny room and she slept in my bed, while I slept on the floor, wrapped ud in mv blouse. But it appeared the poor little thiqg had had not enough to eat, for one day she. unfortunately, begged on the Boulevard. When I heard she was taken up I (aid to myself, come, my boy, things cannot last, so you must find something better. 1 very much wished to become an arti- zan, but at length I decided to look for a place'; and I have found a very good one, whete I am lodged, fed, and clodted, and have twenty francs a month. I have also found a good wo man, who, for these twenty francs, will take eare of Lucilla, and teach her needlework. I claim my sister.' Lu cilla , clasping her hands: Oh, how good you are, James !' Magistrate to James : 4 My boy, your conduct is very honorable. The con t encourage you to perspvere in this course, and you will prosper.' The court tl en decided to render up Lucilla to James, and she was going from tho bar to join her brother when the magistrate, smiling, said, ' You cannot be set at liberty till to-morrow.' James: 4 Never mind, Lucilla, 1 will come and fetch you early to-morrow. to tlie magistrate: 41 may kiss her, may I not, sir ?' 'He then threw himself into tho arms of his sister, and both wept warm tears of affection. 