LIGHT HOUSE DUES.—An Act has been passed to provide for the pay- ment of dues towards the maintenance of' the Light-houses now in course of erection at Cape Otway and Gabo Is- land. So soon as either of the Light- houses shall have come into operation, and notice thereof be given in the Go- vernment Gazette, the master of every vessel arriving at or sailing from any port in New South Wales, shall pay one penny for every ton of registered measurement of his vessel for each of the light-houses which he has passed, or may have to pass, whether he may sight the light-house or not. It is provided that vessels passing to the suuthward of Van Diemen's Land in preference to passing through Bass's Straits, shall nevertheless have to pay for the light-house at Cape Otway. Vessels in the Colonial or coasting trade, or trade with any of the Austra- lian Colonies, will be charged with only one-third of the rate ; while ves- sels trading to and from Van Die- man's Land shall be altogether ex- exempted. CAUTION TO MASTERS OF VESSELS.— [O]ne Act to amend the laws for the [pa]yment of pilotage, and to secure the .yment of harbor dues, provides that vessels entitled to exemption from ?lotage or for a reduction of the rates, 'fiTst have a white fag flying at the 1 iinmast .head, under penalty of. '..ving to pay the full dues, whether a -lot may have boarded her or not. In .jder to ensure payment of harbor ant I dher dues, no vessel is hereafter to be t'ared outwards at the customs, until L .rates and fees whatsoever shall Svo.been paid. A third clause in the W t, requires masters of British ships ijtiming exemption from .pilotage, to, Sist, in addition to the white flag, a ;;nal .indicating theoport from which 4e vessel has come, under pain of i('ing charged full pilotage. This last. itrather a hard condition. \- (LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-On Tuesdy .e 21st, Mr Cowper brought forward a jnries of resolutions founded upon the s 7port of the .Immigration Committee, 'lich were carried. ; On Friday the 24th Captain O'Connell Ive notice that, upon the following Tues Sy, he should move that an address be iesented to the Governor, praying his i s~cellency to place on the estimates for ;48, the sum of £1000, to be devoted educational purposes, for the districts yond the boundaries of New South tiles ; and a like sum for the same par sp, for the districts beyond the boun rits of Port Phillp. Dr. Bland, one of Members of Council, s met with an accident in dislocating his „ ulder by a fall from his gig. 'The D:amond was again detained on jilursday by contrary winds; she arrived fbs morning but brought no mail from [ 'elbourne. '.LAND SALE.-We wi*h to draw the .ention of speculators to tie Land Sale iMr Forster's Rooms, on Monday next. siis we believe is the most extensive sale ! landed property that has taken place S, )celong,-and will in some degree o to show the actual value ot such I estments. THE TASMAN.—This splendid colonial- built vessel is well worthy of a visit by all persons taking an interest in the man- ifestation and advancement of colonial skill and enterprise. Any description we can give must afford a very imperfect idea of this .chef d'cwuvre of the sister colony. The successful prosecution of the business of ship-building (and that success will attend thle attempt may be inferred from the favorable experience' and prospacts of the Tastnan), will have a very ma'erial influence upon thlo ad vancement of the colony in every point of view. The saving to the colony alone in obviating the necessity for the purchase of British-built vessels, will be very con. siderable. So confident are the builders of the Tasman of success, that they have three vessels now on the stocks, one of about'150 tons for the Ge-long and Ho bart Town trade, one of 200 tons for whaling, end one of larger tonnage and ten feet longer tlan the Tasman. The whole of these vessels are to be built of blue gum. The Tasman is a large roomy ship, with full poop, commodious berths, a well lighted ard comfortably fitted cabin- and will be able to stow a very large cargo, site having already 150 tons of oil on board, and will take 21.00 bales I of wool, besides a quantity of tallow. Blue gum is the timber almost exclu-' sively employed in her construct;on, L from her keel to the tops of her lower masts ; the topmasts, top-gallant-masts, and higher spars being pine. The ma- I sive pieces of crooked timber of which t Ier transoms, knees, &c.;, are made, are particularly deservingof attention, nothing a of such size and solidity being ever pro. curable in England. lHer beams are ' several inches thicker than those of I the Castor frigate. Her timbers are 9 put as close together as desirable.; the 0 vacant spaces being less than an eighth of the whole, and no more than is required for the due ventilation of the hold. We I do not know wlether our friend Ballio gall would consider her "rock-proof," but ( whatever her capabilities in that way may be, her commander does -not mean to put a them to the test, ships, in his opinion, not a being intended for overland progression. v The outside and inside planking and ti decks as well as the knees, beams, b and timbers, are all of the dura- c ble character of which timber have been d well tested by the Messrs. Degraves in r various ways.; but especially in the con- c struction of a huge 40-feet water wheel P which has been in constant use for up- 5 wards of twenty years, without having warped or decayed in any part. Not only is her hull of colonial timber and workmanship, but nearly all the iron and brass- work is of colonial manufacture. The pumps, winch, &c.;, are from the foundry of Messrs. Easby and Roberts ; the wheel is a splendid piece of colonial workmanship; the cabin is fitted up with a various descriptions of ornamental woods, in which the dark grain of the lightwood (so called from its being both dark and heavy) is strongly contrasted with the transparent appearance of the Huon pine, while several smaller fittings display the exquisite marbled veins of the she.oak, v and the doors are opened with handles of r whale-tooth; her figure-head is a kanga- t roo rampant. She is manned by thirty- F two hands, and has on board ten appren- 8 tices, ill Tasmanian youths, proud of E their country and their ship. I WO OL- PRESSINo.-Dumping has been I alrecdy commenced in the stores in town. The process is of course to be just the C same as last year,-as much wool is e pressed into a bale as three men and a 0 screw press can manage before it comes down the country ; it ii then pressed into ! ha'f the size by an hydraulic apparatus in v the stores in town; then, on board some e ships, twelve or fourteen men, with about half the number of screws, varying in length from one foot to four feet, try all a they can to make it smaller. By the 1 Lime the 'bales are screwed into tiers they u are not above the fourth of their original r size after the first pressing. Persons a who have not seen the different methods d which are used to reduce the size of a t bale of wool, would scarcely credit the I immense mechanical pressure they undergo before being placed in the hold " of a ship previous to stowing. f 1 DIRacT IPuonrs. --The brig Adelaide, which has just arrived from China, with a v full cargo of tea, sugar, and other tropical r produce, is the first vessel which has ever c come direct to Geelong from a foreign port, c with a full cargo consigned to a local mercantile house. We believe there will be some delay and expense in landing the cargo here, Geelong not being yet a Free Port, but the spirited firm (Messrs Swans- I ton, Willis & Co,) who have entered into i the speculation, are determined to do every thing that can be done on the spot. By the , way, we see a ridiculous statement in the . Patriot, that the Adelaide brings 150 coolies. The truth is, that she brings one, and that one is Mr Swanston's servant. We understand that a Board of Survey will be held to- morrow, on the surplus stores of the Joseph Soames, the board will consist of Major Reeves, 99th Regt., President, Lieut. Mair, 99th Regt., and D.A.C.G. Erskine, members. After this sur vey has been held the whole of the stores, bedding, fixtures, &c.;, will be sold by auction. The day is not yet fixed, but we believe it will be Wednesday next. Mr Easy will be the auctioneer. BENJAMIN BOYD — As we have ever been the foremost to denounce the cormorants of tlhe Boyd species, we can heartily shout " bravo," when we see a good stroke aimed at him or them. Such a stroke is that which we copy into our first page from the Hobart Town Advertiser, in reference to Mr Boyd's letter to Sir W. Denison, asking him to send a batch of bona fide convicts to New South Wales. Our contemporary, however, falls into the mistake of looking upon all squatters as being of the same family, a mistake winch may be excusable in Van Diemen's Land, seeing that so many commit the same errer on this side of the Straits. GRamN.-'The propitious showers that have fallen during the week, have so much improved the present appearance and the prospects of the wheat crops as to check the market for that article in the advance which it Ihas been making for some time past, and caiuscd a decline of 2d per bushel. Thlie price at present given for best samples is 4s 7d per bushel, and the supply is extra ordinary. Oats are fetching 4s Gd.- Barley ds,--atd Mains 3s 2d per bushel.-Argus. WHAT IS TUB DUTY Or A CONSTABLE ? -For seven montlis pDst, in the very heart of the most respectahle part ot Geelong, has existed a house of shameful and in famous notoriety. Thiq house has been the scene of ono melancholy and dreadful suicide, of numberless robberies, and for five months past of nightly and hourly debiicheries committed with the utmost impunity, unregarde.i by tie officers who have been placed in charge of the public peace. The surroundin, residents have asked how much longer this den ofsin and wickedness is to be allowed to exist, and the answer is ' we must wait till some thing is doie that we can prove against the occupants;" so that this.house of infamy, the very walls of which partake of its cor ruption, is to stand until a rape, murder, robbery, or some heinons crime can he brought home and proved agaiust- the par ties who for months have been outraging' all decency and good order. If the Chief Constable will not remove it, (for he can if he proceeds about it as the law directs in such cases,) then the inhabitants should take the task, however disagreeable, in their own hands, and not allow the pol lution to oxist a day longer. A publican who pays thirty pounds a year to govern ment as a direct tax, and perhaps hun dreds in the shipe of indirect taxes, if he allows even a pack of cards to be exhi bited in his house-he is fined; if he serves a drop of liquor a'ter the :pre scribed hours-he is fined.; if a sudden gust of wind blows his lamp oat during the night--le is fi, ed ; and if lie were to allow one-fiftieth part of such disgraceful. acts to take place in his house that occur in thie one we have been speaking of-he would lose his 1'cense, be turned out of his'house, and in all probability be beg gared for life; such is the strange anomaly of our laws-! CoLoNIAL CoNvICts.- A despatch had been received at Sydney from the Secre tary of State, which was a circular to all the colonies, directing that no further transportation to Van'Diemen's LUnd, or any British colony should take place, and it therefore became necessary to pro vide some oilier punishment in lieu or transportation. A measure has therefore been prepared by the Government to continue in force until there be time to devise tome system of secondary punish ments. The measure has, however, re ceived considerable attention, being pre pared from a draft drawn up some years since by the present Chief Justice of the colony. It is proposed to keep within the colony, and keep at hard labor, those whoare sentenced to transportation. It will be necessary to appoint places where this system can be carried out, and the Colonial Secretary proposed enabling the Governor to appoint places and works at which such convicts could be employed, and to enable the Executive Council to make regulations for their guidance. It will be also necessary to give to the superuntendents having charge of these men powers similar to those held by the Sheriff with respect to gaols, and also to prohibit persons from visiting places where these men are employed. The measure has so far come opportunely, as these persons can be advantageously em ployed on the roads :and works, and supply the place of the convicts from Enkland who are so rapidly disappearing.. In the first clause of the Act there is a power given to the Judge to sentence persons convicted of particular crimes to be worked in irons for a limited period. Over these men it would be necessary to exercise a more strict surveillance than over ordinary offenders; and this could be best carried into effect at Cockatoo Island; and if the vote for the dry dock was agreed to, they could be b.neficially employed at thait work. POLICE OFFICE.-Mrs Mary Groves applied some few days back for a sum mons against a man named Smith, and upon the case being called yesterday morning Mrs Groves was non est. The summons were dismissed ; and the defen dant applied to know what redress he was to get for the trouble and expense he had been at in bringing up and retaining two witnesses, to prove that the charge which was laid against him in the summons was false, and that Mary Groves was drunk at the time shestated he had assaulted her. Thl poor fellow said he had been in atten dance with his witnes'es on the day he was ordered to appear, when there was no magistrate to try the case; he now came up for the second time, and it was dismissed, because the plaintiff, knowing she could not substantiate the charge, had absented herself. He thought that the expenses he had incurred in bringing up his witnesses, should be compulsoryon the plaintiff to defray. The magistrates in formed the man that Mrs Groves had already been at the expense of a summons against him, end the chief constable told him to " stand down." It has ever been the custom of the male generation to decide their contests by force of arms, and the fair sex by force of tongues. The case was reversed yester day ; a Mrs Mary Wicks met with a Mrs Danvers, towards the afternoon, half-way between Ashby and Geelong, and from some preconceivid notions, entirely erro neous, she considered that Mrs Danvers had injured her reputation in a point that ladies are always extremely sensitive on, in fact Mrs Danvers had been saying she was no better than she ought to be, an assertion that might be made against most of us without meeting with much contra diction. Be that as it may Mrs Wicks did not like it, so she desired Mrs Danvers to " strip" and have it out. This the lady declined doing; it was against her desire, and all rules of decency, where upon Mrs Wicks set to on her ownaccount, and so beat, bruised, ill-used, and mal treated Mrs Danvers, that she was placed in bed and was only able to rise this morning to apply to the magistrates for justice and a warrant. Tire latter was granted; the justice wil be dealt out at the police-office on Monday next. Peter Grange, charged with being drunk and uproarious for the fifth time within a short period, did not appear to answer. He had been bailed out in a £2 bond, and very wisely considered that the change he would get out of this would be so trifing that it was not worth applying for. Mr Addis ordered the chiet constable to reinin possession of him for the future, should he again come under hi. care, WEIGHTS AND MEASUR?ES -The Com missioner ordered that the inspector should return the wi.ole of the weights to the several parties from whom they had been seized-with a iecommindation that before they were used again for the purposes of trade, they should have them tested at the Police-Ufice, which could be done at any time by paying the fee of threepence for each weight. Doo REGISTRY.-In South Australia the register is a ruled book, slating a run ning uumber, name of owner, name of dog, sex, colour, and description. The number so registered must be on the col lar, and all dogs without collars are destroyed, and owners fined if discover able. These collars are commonly a -slip of tin soldered on the neck, with the figures punched, which .costs about four pence, anud the small value and .utter uselessness to another prevents the collar being stulrn. In this colony, a collar with the name engraved as required is expensive, and generally stolen in a week or two, so that the tax on collars is vex atious, and a total-loss ; while the method stated above is cheap, and prevents any substitution of collars, even if stolen. The adoption of this form would be a boon to all, and as the fresh registry is required by the -let October, the gentle men who hfve the care of this matter of police.could readily prepare a 'book for the purpose by the time.-Correspondent of Sydney Herald. PUBLIC AMUSEMENT. - (Commu nicated.)-Mluch has been said relative to the progress of Geelong-its rapid ad vancement and many improvements-we have said a good deal upon tile subject ourselves, but little did we expect, for years yet to come, that we should have to chronicle such an event as a Punch and Judy show coming forth as a public exhibition. We said'we did not expect such a thing-we certainly did not-but it has though, for all that-a real bona fide Punch and Judy show. At the first peculiar loud shrilling squeak of Punch, people who had known this -sort of thing in their younger days were aston ished. They thought of the ghosts of their forefathers, and then wondered 'if there was such a thing in nature as the ghost of a Punch and Judy-no-there was no mistake-it was real and genuine -just as if it had been daguerrotyped from Jem White's, so much and so long admired in its perambulation through the purlieus of Tothiill and Queen-streets, Westminster. It was complete in all its arrangements. Peep or pass at any out of-the-way corner you might think there was the slightest chance and you could not see an inch of the man that was inside, this was the beauty of the thing, it has a'most turned the infantile part of the creation mad who saw it-they could not make out how it was done at all, in fact, many of them to this moment are im pressed with the belief that the figures moved, and spoke, of their own free will and agency-it will take years to convince them to the contrary-and grown-up people (adults is the word schoolmasters generally use) how they enjoyed it:l we really thought one very tall gentleman who was looking on would have split this sides with laughter, he would have done it, if such a thing had not been an anatomical impossib lity,-it reminded him of old times-there is no doubt it did-it did us-we could fill a whole column-aye, a dozen, with the dialogue and action of the play, but we .cannot afford time to give ourselves.that plea sure. - The drama was not laid down ac cording to the strict rules of Aristotle, in asmuch that though it had a beginning and a middle., it had no ending, none strictly speaking, for the play ended with the same scene and language as it commenced. The unities which poels and critics talk so much about, were in strict keeping and harmony throughout the scene of the play, moving with great regularity from one street to the other, until all was done, and then the curtain finally dropped, and all was closed. The moral it conveyed too was very good, and worthy of consi deration from every man with the least reflection, it was in effect, that if your wife is obstreperous, thrashing only makes matters worse. It was really so amusing, and so harmle's withal, that the consta bles ought to have put it down imme diately, it is their duty to attend to these things. We forgot to mention a circumstancp, one of the blacks died the same night he had seen the show, could it have been over excitement that caused his death ? SYDNEY MARKETS, SEPTEMBER, 24. The price of flour at the Mills is now :£14 for fine, and £12 for second quality, although it is still to be bought at £1 less. SYDNEY EXPORT MARKET.-The small quantity of wool that is now offer ing for sale prevents us from being able to quote prices with any degree of accu. racy; but on compartson with the late sales, we are of opinion that the fall in prices at home may be considered as follows, which will probably be followed by a comparative depression on this side. The best woole, averaging 2s., have not altered in price. The second quality, that have sold from Is 6d to sl 9d, have fallen 2d per pound; the in ferior, of from Is Id to Is 3d, declined 3d per pound ; and the skin and ill-con ditioned have given way from 4d to 6J. The June sales were expected to be lower, but there were causes why this should not occur, and opinions vary as to which way the market would rule, a good harvest belig sufficient to check any further fall. Tallow has declinsd £5 per ton, and the best cannot be quoted at above £29, while inferior lots are be. ing sold at £27, and ill-conditioned as low as £24 Hides are not enquired after, and have fallen 30 per cent, 7s 6d being the price of the average lots. Freights fur dead weight are at :£6 for tallow, £7 10s for oil, £3 10s for hides, for wool from lid to ldd, Exchanges at 11 per cent premium fur selling, and 3 per cent. for buying, on London, at 30 days' sight. Accounts from Holland and Germany of tilhe 25th May gives hopes of a most abundant harvest. Wheat had fallen considerably at that date, and a still fur ther reduction was anticipated, A slater happening to fall through the rafters, a. person passing said to him that he seemed to get cleverly through hi work. lii 1783, the number of Britishin North America was 193.000,-itis now estimated at 2,250.000. An Irish car.driver in his list of jour ney expenses, rharged, * Refre-hments for the horse id.' On inquiry, it turned out that the rogue meant whipcord. The rSottish farmers are substituting beans and turnips on the land hitherto em ployed for potatoes. Philosophical happiness Is to want little and to enjoy much : vulgar happi. ness is to watnt much and enjoy little. Religion is the best armor that any man canl have, but the very worst of cloaks. The National estimates the population of Paris at 1,053,897 soul s Earl Talbot has sent round a circular to his tpnants., informing them that they are at liberty to nourse over rheir firms from the 15th Nov., to the 20th Feb. it is said that Government intends to introduce a fbill for the entire prohibition of burials in towns. 