THK WASTE LANnS ACT. We beg to direct the attention of our readers to an important decision on this Act which took place in the Magistrate's* Court yester dav. It will be recollected that one of the w - — - most valued changes introduced by this Or dinance was that by which the Waste Lands within the settled districts were duly appor tioned amongst the settlers, and by which one person was prevented from having more cattle than the kind which he occupied justified. It now appears that there is no 'penalty upon any one for infringing the provisions of the Act in this respect. Any person now may keep as many cattle as he likes, and only be liable to have them impounded, by the Com missioner ' to be dealt with according to law.' What this latter phrase signifies the Act no where declares. It may be hanging, drawing, and quartering, for aught we know to the con trary ; or, fine, imprisonment, or transporta tion. This is another of the abominable blunders in our colonial legislation which are constantly being pointed out in our Courts oi' Law. We understand that numerous convic tions have taken place under the Act, and many persons been fined. We trust Government will have the honesty to return these injured parties the money that has been taken from them, with ample com pensation. The Act itself, of course, must be amended, or we shall have a return to a state of things which is not merely absurd, but un pardonable. The meeting convened in accordance with the opinions «nd wishes of numerous requisitionists, was held in Mr Bentham Neales's Auction Mart, on Mon day, but was not attended by the numbers and force of respectability anticipated, owing to the shortness and insufficiency of the notice, and the unexpected absence jf the intended Chairman and several pledged co idjutors. Notwithstanding these untowaid circum stances, Mr G. M. Waterhouse took the chair, and Mr U. S. Hare moved the first of a string of resolutions, in which the Government of the colony was designated 'a pure despotism,' and the acts of the Governors were said to have been successively tinged with ' tyranny extravagance, or ill faith.' Mr Hare's speech was cha racteristically energetic and plain spoken, and although the speaker did not oppose an adjournment, which had been hinted at, he seemed desirous that his fellow colonists should know the objects of the meeting, one of tl:em being to petition her Majesty for the recall of Lieut -Governor Robe, to which effect he promised to move a resolution, if needs were, at the subsequent meet ing. After a short conference between the Chairman and other gentlemen, it was deemed advisable, on every ac count, to postpone the grave consideration of the popu lar grievances fora week, and in the meantime to en deavour to obtain a larger place of meeting. A resolu tion for adjournment having been moved by Mr Han son, and seconded by Mr Hailes, the meeting dispersed, after passing a vote of thanks to the Chairman, who as sured his brother-colonists that he hsd only been in duced to take the chair in consequence of the regretted absence of Mr Edward Stephens, and other old a°id in fluential colonists. Although personally we do not claim any merit beyond that of active requisitionists, we are free to confess that the apparent failure (if such it be, after what has since transpired in Council) was not attributable to any want of authorized ef fort on our part ; and that Grandmamma's hysterical at tempt at sarcasm is as harmless 'ind inopportune r.s her occasional clumsy witticisms. We ought, however, to feel flattered by the unintended admission of our influ ence by the Old Dame, who goes so far as to s.iy that we are enabled to hold a' clique' of respectable and in fluential colonists 'under our Editorial thumb,' and are possessed of such versatile talent as to be able, for the nonce, to manufacture strings of resolutions out of the ' fag ends of our leaders.' But we would ask our su perannuated contemporary if she is not moved in her eccentric opposition in this as in the British Destitution Relief question, by some 'under-current,' some merce nary motive, some violence to her better feelings which her innate advertisement- loving propensities have mved her to put fo. th at the risk of popularity, dis cretion,- and in disparagement of the claims of humanity? But we feel for the Old Lady, al though she is a great scold, and fond of a drop of the cratur, apprehensive, as we are, that her late garrullity is a bad symptom— an unmistakable symptom of ap proaching dissolution; and whilst we 'would ourselves refrain from disturbing her latter days, we would whis per to her querulous nurse, and the Old Lady's particular friends, ' Hush, dinna mak a roo, she is jeest a deein'!' No, shades of Grandmamma's threads, tapes, rags, tatiers, and ' fag ends,' and ye ghosts of her faded bon nets, gun-cotton gowns, and falling mantle, forgive us the seeming irreverence. We mean to say that 'SHE' Will 'non invenlUS' be. ' Now then, Stupid,' requiescas in pace. We have been favoured with a perusal of the nccount sales of 100 bags flour sent from this colony to the Cape The gross proceeds were £212 8s 9d, 'but the freight, charges, and guarantee commission having amounted to no less a sum than £82 17s 3d, the South Australian exporter (who was also the grower) had only £129 11s Gd to receive, being within a fraction of 25s lid per bag, a price that at one time would have pleased well enough; but in this instance the result is signally unsatisfactory, inasmuch as the flour was of excellent quality, and would have commanded 30s per bag in this province at the period of shipment. The Concert of Sacred Music given by the Choral Society, as announced in recent papers, in aid of the fund for the relief of British Destitution took place last evening, at the ' Freemasons' Tavern,' and without fear oi contradiction we can say that those who did not, or could not avail themselves of this opportunity of hear ing the performance missed a treat. The arrangements for giving effect to the beautiful music selected for the occasion were highly creditable to all parties concerned, and the satisfaction evinced by all present must have been very gratifying to the members of the Society, who appeared to vie with each other in their zeal in carrying out the benevolent object of this concert The effects of the prevailing epidemic on some of the vocal ists were painfully evident, but on the whole it was decidedly the best musical effort we have listened to in the colony. The solos by Mesdames Murray, Bushell, andJones, were admirably sung, and elicited repeated applause. The full choruses were in excellent time, and only required a larger room to produce the deserved effect. ' I will give thanks unto thee, 0 Lord,' should be particularly noticed, as it appeared to create quite a sensation. The company was the most respectable we have seen assembled in Adelaide — including the Members of the Legislative Council, tho officers of the Government, the clergy, and the leading merchants of the city, with their ladies and families ; and long before eight o'clock many applicants for tickets at the door, had the mortification to hear that no more could be admitted. Previous to singing the last chorus Mr Pit man rose to thank the ladies and gentlemen present for their patronage, and the manifestation of their satisfac tions, and intimated that the Soeiety intended to repeat the Concert on Friday evening next, at a reduced scale of admission, as Mr Robinson had again kindly given the use of the room in order to meet the wishes of many who were not present on that occasion, as well as to give their more humble fellow-eolonist* a musical treat. 