FAREWELL TO THE POPE ! OR, REASONS FOR RENOUNCING THE CHURCH OF ROME; BY J. J. MAURETTB. Late Priest of the Parish of S erre ( AriegeJ. "f continued? Having, .thed, arrived at the thorough conviction, that the doctrine of the Church of Rome is in. direct opposition to. the Word of God, I detmed it a duty that l owed to my conscience to hold forth the true Christian faith as it is laid down in the Holy.Scrip-r tures. My parishioners imparted to the. inhabitants of the neighbouring parishes their approval of my con duct, and the latter, by the lively interest-they took in the discussion, caused much grief and dismay to their priests, Whereupon the whole facts were submitted to.the Bishop, who immediately summon ed me before his Council, in whose presence I had to reply to the charges brought against me. At the close of this somewhat Jengthy sitting, his Lordship offered me his hand: Placing but little faith in this anDarent neace offering, I determined to lay aside for ever the sacerdotal attributes, and I sought for admission into the Protestant Church; whose purity of doctrine and simplicity of worship proclaimed the true Church of Jesus Christ. About tvro months afterwards I received the visit of M. Charlier,a min ister of the Holy Gospel. Twenty-two of my pa rishioners attended at the parsonage, on the evening of his arrival, and we were all edified by the prayer which this zealous disciple ol Christ offered up unto God, after baring addressed us for a few mo ments. The news of this meeting having been circulated through the adjacent parishes, by I know Hot which of my former brethren, caused greet perturbation among all the neighbouring clergy, aad soon reached the episcopal court itself. M. 1'Abbe Sicre, the cure of the. canton, received immediate instructions to repair to the spot, and set on foot an inquiry. However unpleasant its execution,- the delegate must needs acquit himself of the task which has been im posed upon him. He, therefore, set forth on his mission, his courage failing him aB he advanced on his journey. At length, disheartened and no longer able to control his feelings, he sought the Abbe Pu jol, officiating minister of the parish of St. Pierre, and entreated him to relieve hint of his unwelcome office. The Abbe Pujol, previously a professor of philoso phy and theology, and an old friend of mine, yielded to the entreaties of the priest of the district. He set out, and, having reached my abode, addressed me with his wonted kindness, made me acquainted with the object of his journey, and described the sorrow and dismay which the heads of the clergy of l'Ariege had experienced on hearing that I had harboured a minister of the Holy Gospel, and, with some of my parishioners, joined him in prayer to God. After an interview somewhat earnest though friendly, the Ab be Pujol informed me it was his duty to inform on my conduct. To this I willingly gave my acquies cence, but feeling assured that such a step would inevitably load to my suspension, I deemed it advise- able to gi»e in my resignation, in order to shelter myself, as far as lay in my power, from the various injurious reports usually attendant upon the inflic tion of that sentence ; for the priest who has been thus humbled, though if it be without justice, is con demned silently to bear his sufferings ; his superiors having, they say, to render an account of their con duct to God alone.- Acting on this determination I drew up my resignation of the offiy of priest of the church of Rome, which I henT transcribe liter ally. RESIGNATION. Serres, March 8tb, 1841 My Lord Bishop, I have the honor submit to you, that the everlasting God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost having, some time since, by the workings of his pure grace, inclined my heart to seek eternal life, I have by the study of the holy Word oi God, and the constant devotion of my thoughts thereto, arrived at the conviction that the Roman Catholic religion fails in helping forward our souls in the path which the Holy Writ acknowledges as the only one which leads 10 salvation. I, therefore hum bly tender you my resignation of the office of priest of the Church of Rome, which I no longer acknow ledge as tha Apostolic Church of Jesus Christ, May I request your attention, my Lord, to the motives by which my conduct has been influenced. I am, more over, prepared to give every explanation tkat may be requi'ed of me, and to 44 render a reason for my faith," according to the command given us by Si. Peter in his first epistle (tii. 15 1 : 44 But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts, and be ready always to give an answer to any man that asked you a reason of : the hope that is in you with meekuesp and fear." It is in this spirit and in all humility, that I have the honor to submit to you that ; Firstly. — i can no longer conscientiously fulfil the offiee of 4 priest,' because I nave no where read in the Word of God that he has ordained either priests or sacrificers ; for this reason, that having neither es tablished nor ordained sacrifices for the atonement of our sins, there is no need of sacrificers. Jesus Christ is the only sacrificer. He has finished all, — in the words of the Gospel according to St. John (xix. 30 ,) It is finished ; and he bowed his head, and gave up the Ghost." And moreover, St. Paul, in his Epis tle to the Hebrews, ix. 28., tells us that the sacrifice of Jesus Christ has been offered once for all, 4 So Christ was once offered 'o bear the sins of many, and unto them that look for him shall appear the second time without sin unto salvation.'" And in the tenth chapter, twelfth verse, he says, 4 But this man after he had offered one sacrifice for siiis, forever sat down on the right hand of God." These three passages, wherein it is laid down that Christ has been offered one single sacrifice; and that he has finished all prove beyond a doubt that there is no need of sacrifices ; for Christ hs3 indeed, 44 finished all." Moreover, the Holy Word of God tells us, in St. Paul's Epis tle to the Hebrews. ix. 22., that the bloodless sacri- crifiee of the mass is useless. 44 And without shedding of blobd is no remission." Secondly — I have arrived at the conviction that salvation is the free gift of God, consequently that it can be neither purchased, acquired, nor merited;, for, according to the word of Paul's Epistle to Titusf iti. 5.: 44 Not by works of righteousness which we done, but according to his mercy, he saved us by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of thejloly Ghost." Again St. Paul says io his Epistle to the Ephesians ii. 8, 9, : 44 For by grace are you saved, throush faith : and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of GoJ ; not of wotks, lest any man should boast." The above passages prove beyond a doubt, that our works having no share whatever in our salvation, there is' no need of priests to decide wheihej our works have been good or bad, sufficient or insufficient. Their interference in this matter is unwarranted. Faith alone is sufficient, and faith, which is the gift of God and not of man, they cannot besiow upon us. How ever, my Lord, for fear of subjecting the above state ment to misinterpretation, I hasten to add that, al though by our works alone we cannot be saved, the observance of our duty as Christians is not without an end, for this reason, that our works are the conse quence, and not the cause of our salvation ; " Faith without works is dead," saitb St James iii. 19. It not in the power of priests to give absolution ; tn faith in God alone must (he believer seek it. Thirdly. — I have arrived at the conviction that the faithful may freely search the Scriptures, and therein learn <0 follow the paths of righteousness. In deed, our Lord tells us in St. Lnke, xi. 13: 4 If ye then being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children ; bow much more shall your heavenly father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him ?" And St. James the Apostle also says, i. 5. : 4 If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth liberally, and upbraideth not, and it shall be given hicti/ It is then clea sly demonstrated by these texts that God grants limo the prayers of the faithful his Holy Spirit and wisdom, by the means of which he is enabled to discover truth and to follow the path which leads ito salvation; and thus are fulfilled the hopes and desires of the faithful. From God, and from God alone, he receiveth-that (uloess of -knowledge which relates.to . his eternal .peace. Frdtn the recapitulation of those three heads we arrive; at the following conclusion a: - Firstly,-— That the -whole of the " Roman Catholic doctrines relating lo priesthood and sacrifices are not derived ifrom the Divinity, nor in any way beneficial since they are no where laid down in the Word of God. Secondly.— That salvation is the gift of God, and independent of our works, and consequently that the various commands of the Romish Church, its indul gences, its penances, and deeds of piety,, issue from man alone." And lastly ; That the Word of God deems no man infallible, but bestows upon every believer wisdom sufficient for him to walk in the wayofsalva- tioti. These three conclusions once fully arrived at, we leave the Church of Rome with neither priesthood nor sacrifices, — medium of salvation nor iniallibility ; in a word we leave her nothing. It is with this im pression believe me, tny Lord Bishop, that I secede from your Church, Indeed I must need confess, that the performance of this duty is not unattended by pain, inasmuch as my conaection with you has been as agreeable as your mandates have appeared void of harshness. I have always fully appreciated your kindness towards me, and I trust that, on your part, you will be so good as to acknowledge that, when ever mv serviees have been put in requisition, my con- duct has always been wholly disinterested and blameless. I beg to submit to you, my Lord Bishop, that al though I have deemed it expedient th lay before you my resignation as a priest hf the Church of Rome, I still hold myself a minister of our Lord Jesus Chirst, not to rule over the Lord's heritage but to .assist and encourage it by the preachiug of the word, according to St. Peter ii. 1-3, I have the honour to remain, my Lord Bishop, your most respectful servant and well wisher, J. MAURETTE. Having drawn up my resignatian, 1 thought proper to keep it by me until the first step against me should have been taken. This resolution caused but a delay ofshort duration. On the 10th of March I received from a priest whom I will not name, a kind letter, wherein he in formed me that the Bishop had reached Foix on the 9th — that he had remained during a long time in close conversation with the Prefet ; — that it. was Iris inten tion on the day following the receipt of this letter, the 11th, to interdict me, in the presence of twelve priests whose attendance had been already notified t» them ; that I myself, should be summoned if indeed I had not already received an order to that effect; and that in case of my non- compliance or open defiance the gendarmarie would carry me into his lordship's pre sence. L'Abbe Pujol, whose name I have previously mentioned, also sent me a letter, worded as be neath:— Saint Pierre, March 8th 1841, My dear Maurette, I found the cure' of Foix most anxiously awaiting my arrival, He deeply regrets that you should have the impression thai he has done you any in- jury.« I thank God for having alwsys saved me from giving the cure' of Foix the least motive of offence or retail iation. He has ever entertained a s trong regard for you, nor has his friendship decreesed, even now, that you have forgotten all moderation, and of this he sin cerely wishes you to rest assured. As a proof of his sentiments towards you, he intends to decline the task of getting up a case against you, and is going to inform my Lord Bishop of this resolution. But do not deceive yourself ; the news of the past events at Serres, in your very parsonage, has become too pub lic to be held unworthy of credit, or to leave you the least chance of escape from punishment. You will be suspended, and as your friend. I advise you to yield to the power of the clergy, and thus to shelter yourself from the harsh sentences which the law will feel justified in passing upon you. No one would lament more sincerely than I any harm that might befal thee. This is perhaps, the last time I shall address you, I deeply regret that a priest, whom I had judged worthy of ray friendship, is rushing on to perdition, the miserable victim of his error and of his rashness. I would that God had been pleased to keep me far from you. I should thus, have been spared the sight of your misfortunes, and the sorrow they will not fail to cause. I will pray to God that he may restore you to your senses, and, above a.l that he may temper a mind from whence health has departed, and which has been sadly troubeld by the unkindness of some of my brethren. Adieu, my dear Maurette, a thousand times adieu, PUJOL, Priest. The. two above named priests rendered me an emi nent service, by warning me of the Bishop's applica tion to the magistrates. Until thee, I had thought that a Bishop had power sufficient wherewith io pro ceed against one of his rr.ost humble dependants, without summoning to his aid the law with its coer cive measures. May it please the Almighty God that the time may soon come, when all Roman Catho lics, like unto St. Athanasius, shall protest with one voice against that heretical custom which has sanc tioned 44 the interference of the secular arm in mat ters of faith. "(Hist. Arian.) Somewhat startled by the Bishops proceedings, I hastened to forward to trim at Pamirs, the notice of my resignation ; and applied to the Mayor and Ad joint of Serres for testimonials of good conduct and morality. The latter had the kindness to favour me immediately with the following documents, bearing the signatures of several magistrates, atsd inhabitants, of t-.e parish : — testimonials of good condugt and morality. We the undersigned, the Mayor, Adjoints, Magis trates, and other hcuseholders of the Pafrish of Serres, in the District of Foix, Department of the Ariege, do hereby declare that the herein named Jean Jacques Maurette, Priest of the Church of Rome, has fulfilled during upwards of nine years, the holy office of Priest of this parish ; and that he. has constantly called forth our esteem and admiration, as well by his disinteres tedness and morality, as by his strict attention to the performance ef his religious duties. W itness, &c.; &c.; Sotila — Piqueraal — Pauly— Laurent— Bonne- font— Casse — Piquemal —Soula — Lestel — Piquemal— Comminges — Pedeburges — Por- tet— Tourrens — Sauret — Lacanal— Portet (Antoine) — Portet (Adjoint) — Casse (Mayor. CORRESPONDENCE WITH THE BISHOP. Iii accordance with the information which I derived /. t ALL. A T ! I _ . will lllc aIUIIc X ifiLclVvO OH (llv 1 1 1(1 Of March, at about eight in the morning, a letter from the Bishop, worded as beneath Monsieur le Cure', Certain rumours of a very painful r.ature are gain ing ground in this part of the country. No|one, doubt less, is more able than yourself to enlighten me on this subject. Preached Foix yesterday evening, and shall re main there, until I have derived from yonr visit that information which I must needs obtain. You will, I trust, setout immediately after the receiptof this let ter ; the bearer has been instructed to accompany you Tarry not an instant, as my arrival at Pamiers is even now most anxiously looked for. I remain, Menrieur le Cure, Your very humble Servant, (Signed) G. Jh., Bishop of Pamiers. to ix, 10th March, 1841. answer. My Lord, I beg inosf respectfully to submit to you, that you will find in a letter which I posted to your address, last evening, at Foix, those explanations of which your Lordship stands in need. If you are not by this time already in possession of this letter, your Lordship will ooubtless find it whenever you shall be pleased to return to your bishopstc, I remain, fee. fee. Maurette. Serres, March lith, 1841. second letter from the bishop. Pamiers, March 27ih, 1841. Monsieur 1'Abbe, Your letter dated the iltb in - slant,, has reached my hands, and its contents have deeply afflicted me. I am at a loss to knpw what reason you will assign to the long inierval that has oc curred between its receipt and my answer. . TO BE CONTINUED. 