Domestic Intelligence. The Choral Society On Tuesday evening last, the thirteenth Oratorio of this excellent Society was held at the Hall of the Mechanic's Institute, before a very crowded audience. His, ExcL"lK>ncy with Lady Denison and a party from Government-house honoured the performances with their presence and appeared highly to enjoy the sublime compositions of the immortal Haydn, whose Creation was given with a degree of spirit and excellence, which reflected great credit upon the Society. Where all was well done it would be superfluous to particularize, but we cannot refrain from noticing in terms of sincere commenda- tion, the performances of the splendid chorus of *. The Heavens are telling," with which the first part concluded. The instrumental accompani- ments were extremely rich and attractive, but a more enlarged volume of vocal music, especially in the soprano female voice, would have been more desirable. So pleased however was his Excellency with the performance, that he personally requested a repetition, which was of course most readily complied with. The Organ Duets " Cum Santo Spirito," accompanied by Mr. Marshall on the flute was most beautifully executed and we are pleased to observe, that there is no lack of energy or exertion on the parts of those who having organized our Choral Society, have now brought it to so high a point of excellence. Government Sheep Farming Truly the great Comptrolling Doctor is working marvels with his sheep-farming. On Wednesday morning, as we were passing down Macquarie-street, we fell in with the ghost of a flock of sheep, consisting of some five hundred and forty, with about a score or so of lambs. A sturdy shepherd had the poor creatures in charge," and, with his dog, was driving them to the Government slaughter-house, for, we presume, inspection. If so, we envy not Mr. Dossetor's duty, for of all the carrion scarecrow animals, in the form of sheep, we never saw the like before. They had just been brought from some far probation station, and exhibited a condition of wretchedness piteous to look at. The sheep were mere skeletons, and many of them were denuded of their wool, and so debilitated, that they rather tottered than walked along the street : the lambs looked more like lean cats with very long legs, and staggered as they were urged forward by their miserable dams ; one or two had broken legs, and the spectacle altogether was most disgraceful. But even this was not all following this squalid cavalcade, came a cart, filled with the dead carcases of sheep that had died on the passage. May we ask, what has become of all this carried? Wool Sales by Auction.-. We beg to direct the attention of woolgrowers to the circular of Messrs. Lowes and Macmichael, in reference to the sale of wool by auction-a plan most judicious and well-calculated to advance the interests of the settlers. The circular itself is business- like and encouraging, and the names appended to it afford a sufficient guarantee for the due and diligent performance of the business referred to. The High School We noticed in our last the rapid progress which has been made towards the acquisition of the capital of £5000, required to set on foot our projected High School. We have to-day the gratification of announcing, that the whole amount has been contributed, and within the short period of only four weeks. This speaks volumes for the generous liberality of our community. Coats We are glad to perceive that Mr. Howe, the lessee of the market, who has home ably acquired the soubriquet of " Air Monopoly," has again announced a supply of coals to the public, at the reasonable price of 1 1s. 6d. per ton delivered, and paid for when ordered. In the present uncertain and fluctuating state of the supply from the Mines, too much credit cannot be awarded to Mr. Howe for his earnest endeavours to furnish the public with this essential fuel at so fair a price. The Theatre The unremitting exertions of the managers have succeeded in collecting a company admirably adapted for the best purposes of the Theatre. The performance of the new drama, The Green Bushes, produced on Monday evening, fully proved the truth of our assertion for a piece more interesting or better enacted we have never witnessed here, with only one exception, perhaps, and that was our chief favourite Esmeralda. The Green Bushes, upon which neither pains nor expense have been spared, is to be repeated this evening and we have no doubt with increased ability, as the performers will have become more perfect in their parts, and the applause they received on Monday will unquestion- ' ably render them more mellow in their respective characters, and better enabled to carry their acting through with spirit and effect. The other entertainments are attractive; and we hope the enterprising managers will secure that success which they so greatly merit. Astronomy. On Monday night, at half-past ten o'clock, an interesting occultation of the planet Mars by the moon, took place. Strange to say this remarkable occurrence is not noticed, nor even alluded to either in White's Ephemeris or in Part- ridge's Almanack, but Mr. Duterrau, having made certain calculations, felt convinced that such oc- cultation would occur, and the veteran enthusiast determined to test the result, was highly gratified to witness (we use his own words of Mars emerging from the dark portion of the moon." How is it that our astronomers have lost sight of this interesting fact ? Will the good folk at the observatory answer the question A The Markets and Weather-We have no alteration to quote in the prices of any produce. The weather is most extraordinary, cold and dry- ing winds predominating with every appearance of approaching rain which still keeps off. It will be seen elsewhere that a heavy hail storm fell at Clarence Plains on Wednesday afternoon, and a ' milder one visited our city about the same time.. The barometer is somewhat stationary, and the thermometer unprecedently low for this season of the year. Rain is much wanted, and it is to be hoped will soon reach us. * ' Shipwreck The schooner Clarence, the property of Mr. Montgomerie, has, we regret to say, been wrecked in Lady Bay ; we understand that she was insured for £900 in the Tasmanian Insurance Company crew all saved. " - The Thomas Lord This smart schooners, had been sold by private contract by Mr. D Taylor, for £800," to Mr. Clayton, ofLauaceu^ tons _ > * ' r ; ,W*^í.{ 