COMMISSIONERS' BOARD. THE Commissioners met on Saturday afternoon, at 3 o'clock, upon a hasty summons. It was decided that the minutes should be read, which set forth that the Board had considered the report of the Chief Commissioner and Mr. Carter as to the result of the conference with Dr. Turnbull and Mr. Sprent as to the transfer of the Water Works. The opinion of the Law Officers was read, and also the report of Dr. Turnbull and Mr. Sprent, setting forth certain arrangements for giving effect to the transfer of the Water Works. A majority of the Board decided that the Chief Commissioner and Mr. Carter should inform the two Government officers that the plan of the proposed transfer met the concurrence of the board, and that the Commissioners would leave the appointment of Director of Water Works and the fixing his salary to His Excellency for the period which must elapse before an Act of Council could vest the entire control with the Commissioners. These minutes having been confirmed, the Chief Commissioner observed, that he called the present meeting suddenly to lay before the Board a communication which he had received from the Colonial Secretary. The following letter was then read : Colonial Secretary's Office, 1st January, 1847. SIR,-I am directed to acquaint you that the Administrator of the Government has had before him in the Executive Council your letter of the 11th ultimo, submitting, amongst other things, the views of the City Commissioners on certain points connected with the intended transfer to the city of the works now in progress for supplying the inhabitants with water; and more particularly with reference to the condition in favour of the Civil and Military Establishments inserted in my letter of the 18th November, which His Excellency observes, is objected to by the Commissioners, as including departments which have no sufficient claim to entitle them to exemption from payment for the quantities of water which may be distributed to them respectively. The agreement with the Ordnance, referred to in my last letter to the Commissioners, has been disapproved of by the Lieutenant-Colonel Commanding. The question, therefore, is now open for revision: and as the objections of the Commissioners are not destitute of weight, it is gratifying to His Excellency to have it in his power to meet the views of the city by restricting it to the public buildings and establishments belonging to the colony. The principles upon which the transfer should be made having thus been provisionally settled, the details only of the arrangement now remain for consideration j and with a view to the more satisfactory adjustment of these, the Commissioners were invited, on the 20th November, to appoint two of their number to confer on the subject with two public officers. A conference accordingly took place, and the proposals contained in the accompanying paper marked A, were agreed to by the united committee, approved of by the Commissioners, and then submitted to His Excellency for his sanction. On reference, however, to the law officers of the Crown, it became apparent that the legal obstacles to the carrying out of these proposals were of such a nature as imperatively to require their being modified. They have accordingly been altered upon certain points by the same committee; and His Excellency, with the advice of the Council, is prepared to carry them out as submitted in the document marked B, on the distinct understanding, of course, that the Director of Water Works is not to incur, so far as the Government may be responsible, any charge or liability which the rates themselves, or funds otherwise provided by the Commissioners, shall not be sufficient to defray or answer. In accordance with the wish expressed on behalf of the Commissioners, in the minute of the 29th December, His Excellency has been pleased to appoint Alexander Cheyne. Esquire, to be Director of Water Works, at a salary of three hundred pounds per annum, payable out of the rates according to the Act of Council. And it is His Excellency's sincere hope, that, with the assistance which that gentleman's professional skill and long experience may enable him to afford, the works, already so far advanced, will, at an early period, be brought to a state of satisfactory completion and the inhabitants be secured in the enjoyment, at a cheap rate, of an adequate supply of an element so essential to their health and comfort I have the honour to be, Sir, your very obedient servant, J. E. BICHENO. V A Proposals for its transfer of the Water Works. 1st. The charge for water not to exceed twopence per cart load } but the poor to take away as much as they can carry in buckets, and two more fountains to be erected one at the Old Market Place, the other at the intersection of Argyle and High streets, or thereabouts. _ 2nd. The liabilities to be those to which the Government would have been subject had it retained the water in it own 3\. Water to be supplied to the shipping according to the 8th clause of the Water Act. " , , - 4th. Director of Waterworks (not being a Commissioner) to be nominated by the Commissioners and appointed by the Governor, and the revenue received to be paid into the Colonial Treasury under the 10th section of the Act, and to lie disbursed on Warrants, which the Auditor will be authorised to prepare whenever applied to by the Commissioners for any sum not exceeding the amount which, from time to time, may be at their credit. .... nth. That a plan be handed over showing the present state of the Water Works and indicating the general design and mode of distribution, and that all the stores now in possession of the Government and in the hands of the present Director of Water Works, be also handed over to the Commissioners. 6th. That the Government will transfer at once to the Commissioners the entire direction of the Water Works, as far as that can be done without the help of an Act of Council. And it is to be understood that the Government has not knowingly parted with any right possessed by it under the old Hobart Town Act. Mem. The Commissioners object to supply the Convict Establishments and the Military Barracks with water gratuitously. B. The Committee of the Waterworks have carefully perused the opinions of the Law Officers In connexion with the Colonial Secretary's memorandum of the 21st instant, in which they are requested to consider in what way the Water works can be set in motion and revenue derived from them for the benefit of the city, and they have the honour to report that 1st. The committee are not of opinion that any revenue in excess of expenditure can, under any circumstances, be expected to be receivable from the Water-works prior to the probable time of meeting of the Legislative Council. 2nd. The committee perceive the force of the objections made by the Attorney and Solicitor-General to any immediate transfer, and they can therefore only recommend that the Water-works continue to be conducted by the Government as at present, but in accordance with the views of the Commissioners of the city, as the same shall be from time to time communicated in writing to the Director of Water-works by the Clerk of the Commissioners. 3rd. That with a view to set the works in motion the Commissioners be requested by His Excellency to recommend to him for the appointment of Director of Water-works a Civil Engineer, having it in his power daily to inspect and regulate the works entrusted to his management, and that they also be requested to report to His Excellency the amount of salary which they think ought to be paid to such Director. (Signed) ADAM TURNBULL. 28th December, 1816. Mr. Carter expressed his regret that Captain Cheyne should have been appointed to the situation of Director of Water Works. It would, in his opinion, be the cause of endless litigation. Dr. Officer dissented from Mr. Carter. There was no doubt that Captain Cheyne was a man of skill and scientific education ; he was, moreover, in the situation of a servant of the Commissioners, and could do nothing without their sanction. He could not understand why the ghost of Mr. Degraves should be called upon every occasion. Mr. Moir agreed with Mr. Carter a little time would show the result. Mr. Degraves had been the cause of stopping Captain Cheyne's contract for the Water Works in the time of Sir John Franklin. Mr. Degraves and Captain Cheyne could not by any possibility agree. Mr. Fraser, seconded by Mr. Murray, moved that the Director of Water Works be instructed to furnish information with respect to the state of the Water Works, what houses were supplied-how many could be supplied with the pipes now laid down-and every information connected with the matter. Mr. Carter moved an amendment, seconded by Mr. Waterhouse, that the motion be postponed. A lengthened discussion arose, during which Mr. Carter complained that, although one of the committee appointed to communicate with the local government on the subject of the Water Works, yet he had not been fully acquainted with what had transpired between the Chief Commissioner and Dr. Turnbull. The Chief Commissioner thought Mr. Carter's memory was treacherous, and reminded him of what had taken place. Several of the Commissioners objected to a continua- tion of the discussion, and the question being put for the amendment, the votes were six and six. The Chief Commissioner gave his casting vote in favour of the wiping motion. The appointment of Committees to carry out the objects of the Act was moved by Mr. Young and Messrs. Moir, Elliston, and Murray were appointed a Street Committee. MONDAY, 4th JANUARY, 1847. The Board met again this day. Present all the members but Messrs. Seal, Taylor, and Morrison. The previous minutes were read and confirmed. The larket Committee explained that the tender of Mr. Edward Howe, at 625 per annum, although not the highest of the six sent in, had been accepted, as, under all the circumstances, the most eligible. Mr. Lewis, before the business of the day was entered upon, rose to protest against the appointment of Captain Cheyne as Director of Water Works, which he deprecated in the strongest terms, on the ground that Captain Cheyne was deeply interested in the question at issue. He, Mr. Lewis, regarded the whole proceeding as a deep laid schemes plot: he had, it was well known, expressed his disapprobation at the time of the Chief Commissioner being one of the Water Committee, on account of the interest which he had in the question. He would now pronounce the whole procedure as dishonorable. (Loud cries of order, chair, fire.) The Chief Commissioner demanded an explanation of the unwarrantable observations of Mr. Lewis, and was about to enter upon the subject, but Dr. Officer, Mr. Fraser, and other members interfered. Mr. Waterhouse remarked, the subject ought not now to be introduced. He was one of the minority who protested against leaving the appointment in the hands of the Government. Whatever blame there was, therefore, attached to the Board alone. Here the matter dropped. RULES AND STANDING ORDERS. Dr. Officer presented the rules which had been agreed upon in committee, which he moved should be printed, and placed in the hands of the members for consideration. Mr. Cleburne seconded the motion, which was generally approved. LAW OFFICERS OF THE CROWN. Mr. Young introduced a motion of which he had previously given notice, to the effect that the Commissioners were entitled to have the services of the Law Officers of the Crown in all legal difficulties, but more especially in those arising under the Act, which was, unfortunately, full of ambiguity. As regarded the resignation of Mr. Seal, he quoted several clauses of the Act, from which he concluded that his refusal to attend the meetings of the Board created an incapacity, which, by the Act, enabled him to resign. He did not know a stronger proof of incapacity than refusing to attend to his duties, after the solemn declaration which he had made under the 25th clause of the Act. He believed it was a maxim in law, that dubious enactments should be liberally construed. The learned Commissioner concluded some lengthened remarks by moving " That a communication be made to the Colonial Secretary to request the services of the Crown Law Officers, in reference to all legal matters on which they maybe consulted, and to request, at the same time, their opinions on the cases of Mr. Seal and the Town Surveyor." Mr. Elliston could agree in part only with Mr. Young's motion ; the services of the Crown Law Officers to explain what some of the clauses of the Commissioner's Act meant was reasonable, and they might give their opinion whether a Commissioner could resign or not. But, he would ask, with whom the Commissioners were more likely to come in contact than the Convict Department and, the Local Government? In such cases, how could the Crown Law Officers act for the Commissioners ? Besides, these officers would not be responsible to the Commissioners for the soundness of their advice. He considered the appointment of a City Solicitor indispensable. Mr. Carter agreed entirely with Mr. Elliston. The Law Officers of the Crown could not, under many circumstances likely to arise, be expected to give the Commissioners their advice. He did not object to the enquiry of the Law Officers as to the right or power of a Commissioner under the Act to resign, and as to the legality of the appointment of the Town Surveyor. An amendment was then proposed by Mr. Carter, seconded by Mr Elliston, to the following effect: 11 That the opinions of the Law Officers of the Crown be requested in reference to Mr. King's appointment, and of Mr the great? Yes-No! ft<mro,Mioner of MacflUMl«» Ward, under Upon being put to the vote the amendment was lost and the original motion carried. COMMITTEES. Mr. Young's notice of a motion for the appointment or Committees caused a discussion, which terminated by leaving matters as they before stood. PUBLIC DOCUMENTS. Mr. Elliston moved for the production of certain papers in the hands of the Water Committee, and the opinion of the Crown Law Officers upon the transfer of the Water, to complete the public records of the proceedings of the Board. The Chief Commissioner said he had no authority to place the papers called for before the public, but would ask PeT"s910niwhicn would doubtless be given. Dr. Officer could see no objection to their production the whole correspondence was so creditable to the government that it was not likely they would wish to restrain the publication of a portion only. Mr. Young coincided in the same sentiments. VERBAL REPORTS. Mr. Elliston moved that the Market Committee he requested to furnish a written report of their proceedings. Mr. Cleburne said there were three verbal reports from the Market Committee which appeared in the minute book ; such, in his opinion, was quite sufficient. After some discussion the matter dropped, it being understood that by the standing rules about to be adopted all committee reports would have to be in writing. 