SELECT POETRY. WHO WOULD BE AN EDITOR ? TRYING TO PLEASE EVERYBODY. IIINT TO KDITOtlS. (Prom Bem.s I.ifii in Sydney.) One reader cries, your strain's too -grieve, Too much morality you have., Too much about religion, (live me some win-h and wizard talcs tot siip-snou ghosts Willi Iiiis anil scutes, And feathered like a pigeon. - The man of dull scholastic lore Would like to sec a little more Of first -rate scraps of Latin ; The grocer fain would learn the price Of lea and sugar, fruit and rieo ; The draper, silk und satin. Another cries, I want more fun, A witty anecdote or pun, A rebus or a riddle ; Some wisli for nil the Council news, And some, perhaps, of wiser views, Would rather have a fiddle. The critic, too, of classic skill, Must dip in gall bis gander quill, And scrawl against the paper j Of all the literary fools, Bred iu our colleges and sellouts. Jle cuts the greatest caper. Another cries, I want to see A jumblc- up variety — Variety of matter ; A miscellaneous liodgc-podgc print, Composed (I only give the bint) Of multifarious chatter. 1 want some marriage news, says .Miss — It constitutes my highest bliss To bear of weddings plenty ; For in a time of general rain None sutler from a drought, 'tis plain; — At least not one in twenty. No, no, cries one, we've bad eneugli Of such confounded love-sick stuff, To craze the fair creation ; Kivc us some late New Zealand news. Of Johnny lioki and his crews ; Or Queen Pomare's nation. 1 want to hear of deaths, says one — Of people totally undone By losses, fire, or fever ; Another answers, full as wise, I'd rather have the fall or rise Ofpossum skins or beaver. Some signify n secret wisli For now and then a favourite dish Of politics to suit them ; Bnt here wc rest at perfect ease. For should they swear the moon was cheese, Wc never should confute them. Or grave or humourous, wild or tame, Lofty or low — 'tis all the same, Too liaugty or too humble ; So brother editors, pursue The path that seems the best to you, Aud let llie grumblers grumble. 