POPISH PROSELYTISM IN SYDNEY. We have received a copy of a circular ad dressed by the Lord Bishop of Australia to the clergy of the diocese, to which is subjoined a Memorandum, by the Rev. Thomas W. Boden- ham, curate of St. James's parish, detailing the circumstances of a most flagrant case of Popish proselytism. Our space is already so much oc cupied, that we can only present our readers this week with Mr. Bodenham's account of the case, reserving his Lordship's Circular, and our own remarks on the whole, as the subject of an article next week. We will simply observe at present, that the timely protest issued by his Lordship against the unwarrantable intrusion of Romish priests cannot fail to be of signal service to the cause of Truth. MEMORANDUM. On Wednesday, 3rd March, 1847, a message was left at St. James's Church, for me, to visit a sick man : his residence, however, was so mis-described that after much searching for it, I was compelled to abandon the attempt, especially as no one near the spot to which I had been directed knew of any per son being ill. Late that evening, however, the man's friends came to my house and told me his name, and where I could find him. I arranged to see him the next morning, immediately after prayers, and did so ; he was ill, but I saw no symptoms of his being near death indeed his bodily strength seemed hardly at all diminished. I had been told that he had led a very wicked life. I began my instuction by asking him whether be believed that his sickness came from God, and pointed out to him that it was a proof of God's mercy and care for us, so to visit us; and that it was consequently our duty to receive his visitation thankfully, and to bear it patiently, making use of it to bring ourselves unto repentance ; for which pur pose I admonished him to compare his life, and words, and thoughts, with the rule of Scripture, and our baptismal covenant, "do all to the glory of God;" to remember, also, that in baptism his body had been made a temple of the Holy Ghost, and conse quently ought not to have been defiled, and that the sin of polluting it was enormous; and that for all this we should have a solemn and strict account to render at the judgment seat of Christ; with a good deal more to the same effect. I admonished him also of the uncertainty of the moment when he might be cal led into his Maker's presence, and left him with an admonition to employ his time, till he should see me again, in thinking over his life and conversation, and praying to God to make him sorry for his sins. After this, I saw him daily, with but two exceptions, one of which was Sunday, and finding him not get worse, and that he was far from considering himself a sinner, I laboured very hard to bring him to repentance I used to question him very closely, and he acknowledged to me his having offended against every commandment in the decalogue, very generally even against the letter, and in all cases against the spirit of it, still he was not at all dissatisfied with himself, but said he thought he had led a regular life, and was at any rate, as good as his neigh bours. His principal ground of confidence seemed to be that (although he acknowledged he bad often been guilty) yet he had not been an habitual swearer. I continued my exertions to bring him to a better state of mind, and told him, (among very many other things), that the men in Noah's days were no worse than their neighbours, nor yet in Lot's, but that in both cases God had destroyed them because all were wicked together ; but that, even were it not so, we should not be judged for being better or worse than others, but as to whether we had obeyed or disobeyed Almighty God. Instruction of this kind and with this object (though varied from time to time in the mode of putting it), I continued to give him, hoping that I should be able, by God's blessing, to make him feel his sins to be a heavy burden, too great for him to bear; and that when thus weary, and heavy laden, I might be able to speak to him of a Saviour who could-give him rest. I conversed with him in this way, on Wednesday, the 10th March, and when I was about to leave, his wife (a Papist) urged on me, with great earnestness, to see him on the day following. This, which I should have done whether or not I promised to do, and accordingly, at about the the same hour, in the afternoon of Thursday, the 11th instant I called again, when much to my surprise, I learned that within a-quarter of an hour, indeed it was said that within ten minutes of my back being turned, the day before, a person(who keeps a boarding house in the immediate neighbourhood), had come in with a Roman Catholic Priest, whom she introduced to the sick man, and who, (the R. C. P.), aftera few observations, baptized him, which being accomplished, the Romish Priest left, instructing him to say or learn (I do not know which), some prayer which he pointed out to him. After the Romish Priest had gone, the person who had brought him, sent into the sick man's house, roast beef and other eatables: and I was informed that the evening was spent in feasting and carousing. The morning after this, another Romish Priest called thereabout half-past seven, and, as I have been informed, enquired if he (the sick man) had said the prayer ? His wife said "no, but that she had done it for him ;" the priest said "that would do as well, and that he must be prepared for absolution" When I called in the afternoon, as I had promised to do, I was told of all these proceedings by an Irish Churchwoman, who had witnessed them, and was lodging (with her husband) in the house. I then saw the man hinself, and had the woman's statement con firmed from his own lips. On my asking him why he had acted in this way, he, for some time, main tained a dogged silence, but ultimately said, that in time past, he had worked for the person who had brought in the Romish Priest, and that she had told him about there being but one true Church. He said no more, and I replied that that was correct, but while the Romish Church was grievously corrupt, the Church of England was the most accordant with the primitive and scriptural model, of any Church, on earth ; and that consequently in acting as he had, he had left the the Church bespoke of, and in which by God's mercy he had been brought up, to join one which had done more by its persecutions and false doctrines to hinder the progress of Christianity, than all the heathen persecutions put together. I asked him if he had not been baptized before : "yes, in the Church of England." I said that he was aware of the strict and solemn account which he must one day render before the judgment seat of Christ, and that in his present position, of course he could not tell how soon he might be called away ;and I then asked him whether he thought the becoming prepara- tion for death was the commission of a deliberate sin by being baptized again, in opposition to the plain command of Scripture, that there was to be but " one baptism ?" I said, that if he (the sick man) were not aware of the sin he had partaken in, the Romish Priest was; and would have to answer for it at the bar of God, in his (the sick man's) presence, and mine also, at the day of judgement I told him of the practical idolatry of the Romish Church in the prayers which she addresses (and would teach him also to address) to the Virgin Mary and to Saints, and recalled to him our blessed Saviour's words, " Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shall thou serve." Finding, however, that I could do nothing with him, I only further asked him what fault he had to find with his own Church, that he had left her for the grievously corrupted Church of Rome? He said, "None." I asked him why it he had ever felt any mis-givings on the subject he had not applied to me for information but he made no answer. Lastly I enquired whether he wished me or the Romish Priest to attend him for the future, and he said that on the next day he was to be removed to the Benevolent Asylum, and that he would not see any but the Romish Priest. I said, " well then that he should hear the Gospel now, if he "never did again;" and that I warned him in the name of God, whose minister I was, that (whatever the Ro mish Church might tell him), he could be saved only by the merits of our blessed Lord, upon sincere, repentance ; and repentance, among other things, for the sin of being a second time baptized, and leaving the Church of God ; — that the Virgin Mary or the Saints, who had all committed sins, and needed a saviour themselves, could never procure him pardon; nor could the absolution of the Romish Priest avail him, since it would not be ratified by God, unless he had repented of his sins, as I had told him ; and knew, and ;clt, and believed, that there was none other name under Heaven given among men, by whom and through whom, he could obtain health and salvation but only the name of our Lord Jesus Christ." THOS. W. BODENHAM. St. James's, Sydney, 13th March, 1847. 