THE CURATE'S VOLUME OF POEMS. Chapter IX fContloued from our Int.) The picture lie has drawn is a rough but striking sketch of one who conde scended to men of low estate, and goelli to and fro without ceasing, like a faith- ful shepherd, watching the sheep com mitted to his charge, not as an eye- servant, but because he delights to he about his Master's business, It will be very pleasant to me my dear friend, to feel perfectly assured that eucli iB your neighbour; and that he lias never at an unguarded moment been led to cist in his lot with the violent man. I will never believe such to be the case till clearly proved!' That it will never ha I' exclaimed the doctor warmly. 1 In the meanwhile allow me lo beg yoo to keep in recollection 1 lie positive evidence you have, ,of his being really the faithful shepherd you describe, and (hat loo, when his flock was as it were in the wilderness. Little could he dream that the minute details we have heard of his little vil lage transactions should reach your lord ship's ear ?' ' Thar.L you. I perceive it ; and feel more at ease than at any moment aince your communication. I was thinking, just before your arrival, of the scene that my letter would probably cause at the little vicarage. She Is cer tainly a remarkable — yes — and the child ren, to are very beautiful. There la a great pleasure my dear doctor, in having the power so to advance merit. It is a sort of compensation for all — — — . Well, well I No more of that ! A lit tle inquiry ; and then, as be hath done good in secret, he shall ho rewarded openly,' ilero the venerable prelate eyes gleamed, and hie countenance wore a benevolent smile, even as in the morning when directing liu letter, in the full be lief, that while laying open the paths of life-long prosperity to the curate and his family, lie was conferring far more im portant heoefits on those committed to his care. 1 Richard a Idmsell again, thought the doctor, 1 and I muBt contrive to prevent the intrusion of any more ghosts of par liamentary bills, newspaper paragraphs, or other shadowy scruples ;' and forth with he set himself manfully to the task of entertaining his quondam aemi-hypo- chondriac host, by bringing forth from the treasures of his memory many plea sant things both new and old ; among the last and not the least effective for the purpose, was a whimsical overdrawn account of the rise nd progress, and consummation of the profuse heteroge neous entertainment at Milfield vicarage on the preceding Saturday. In this, be described the curate's look or aatonisli- meat when entering the metamorphosed dining-room, end subsequent modest renouncement of all right or title to the splendour around him, with oilier mi nute particulars of Ilia demeanour and conversation, — all kindly antl,cunningly introduced by the narrator, with the in tent of keeping intact in the mental vision of his lordship the portrait of a good and amiable man. So passed their sitting, till the entrance of a servant indicated to the bishop that his secretary wished for some instruc tions, and then the two friends separated for the night to meet again early in the morning, and proceed together to Lou don : but as their journey was made in company with his lordship's secretary and chaplain, nothing occurred ihereiu relative to Mr Mesllowa, and therefore we return to that genlleman, Jwhom we left with his good lady at midnight, after reading the doctor's letter. It was a summons not to be neglected, and the next coach that passed through Millfield lo London regularly changed horses at the Crown about two o'clock in the morning. Consequently there was ample lime for most people to have made preparations for such a journey, but our affectionate and grateful couple had been so greatly excited during the day, and were now talfbo so much by surprise that, to use a vulgar phrase, they seemed ' not to knew which way 10 tarn them selves.' Semeihing of unironed neck cloths and other wsrdrobo irregularities, were her first troubles, but as he said he must go if he went in rags, she bestirred herself among the drawers end boxes till she awoke the children ; end their out cries 10 know what was the matter, had aroused (he usually sound sleeping maid Martha from confused dreams concerning her master's coming greatness, and of course her own consequent promotion to some visionary place of trust in a large establishment. Under an alarm that the house wbb on fire she suddenly made her appearance, unadorned as usual in such cases, end was called a silly girl ; but on being told tho cause of the nocturnal tu mult, she evinced far more presence of mind than her mistress, by returning to her room, dressing herself as she said, 1 in no time,' running down atslrs, com- menced lighting a fire, and making the necessary preparations to iron an unlucky cloth, be. '- and hiving a few minutes to spare, routed the curate him self from a walking reverie by entering the parlour and saying, ' Please sir, ba'ol I belter tun down to lite Crown and ax t' ostler 10 fetch yer porkrasntel down ? He be up wi' >' horses by now.' ' Thank you Martha. Really it is an excellent Idea -! I was thinking j and lit was about to odd that lie would atep down to the village himself, but his hearer Was already on her way in high glee, and immensely puffed up with a sense of her own importance, for hurried as ahe was, her soliloquy ran, ' They thinks, while I works. Whsl'dlheydo wi'out I, 1 wonder ! Bless 'em 1 They bB both like children, hut I won't leave 'em— that's what I won't, wherever they goes, or wliatsomever the bishop makes on un. Great was the contrast between her panting haste and the demeanuur of the sleepy ostler, who came forth from the tables lantern in hand, yawning at the summons; and when he had received his message, scratching his head, and draw, iingly inquired, ' Suppose there baint no room, how then ?' ' Then yer must make some, for master can't be disappointed no how, as er's going up to (he bishop in Lunnan to be rectified. ' Rlil what,' exclaimed (he man. ' Can't ha' while to talk now. A mcrt o' things to do, Yer come in lime, that's all,' said the maiden, as her garments disappeared fluttering beyond the dim rays of his lantern. The strange word had, however, com pletely awakened (he ostler; end after communicating a while with himself he ejaculated, ' Dang it. So I will. They won't be angry no how, but might if I worrit ;' and forthwith lie went with unaccustomed celerity towards the inn, for a purpose that will presently appear. At twenty minutes before two, chiefly by dint of Martha's ubiquitons exertions ; all was rpaily for her master's departure ; but he was still busily engaged in his study. It had occurred to him (and at the eleventh hour) that one, and perhaps the chief reason of his bishop's desire for his presence in town, was to hear him preach. He had abundance of sermons, composed with studied sim plicity of language and reasoning, to suit liis rural, unsophisticated hearers, but as he deemed utterly unfit for (lie present exigency. Nevertheless, he had a clear recollection of having often indulged himself by indicting grandiloquently, in a sort of poetic prose, (commonly omitted or paraphrased in the pulpit ;) and that Such had been the case most frequently when he had hit upon some striking simile or pttby argument. But it was impossible lo recall suddenly to memory under what texts the choicest flowera of those moments of inspiration were to be discovered; and, alasl the 1 setting to rights that led to the finding of his secreted note, and left hia manu scripts buried under a pile of hooks, and in utter disorder. Sorely was his patience tried, as, with flushed cheek and eager eye, ha took them hastily up one by one, end threw them down, aod huddled them together, and placed auother pile upon the table, aud — in fine, lie had selected hut three from which anything could be extracted, when his Eliza rushed in, dressed lor walking, end exclaimed — " Never mind, Henry I' I will look them over after you are gone, and send them in a parel. I know what you want ex actly. Come, my dear! it wants only ten minutes to two.' ' 1 You must cot expose yourself to the night air, my dear Eliza T said ha ceasing from his occupation. ' My feelings will keep me warm, my dear rector,' she replied, with playful fondness. 1 Come, let us take leave while we are alone. God — God blesB you, dearest ! I hardly know how to part j with you, though I could cry with joy. All our dreams are realised. God bless you 1' And again she embraced him fervently, as Martha shrieked from the stairs, 'Sir! Mum! I hears l' wheels. ' It is 10 be feared that this exclamation was but a cunning device of the maiden (although the sound of wheels may be heard at a great distance oluug the high country roads at night,) as when our curate and lady had hurried down the lane and approached the Crown, the coach had not arrived, but, to their great surprise, lights were to be seen in the best parlour and llie bar ; and Mr and Mrs Briggs surrounded by a'.L the members of their establishment, stood in the gateway to receive them- Mr Meadow's at first conjectured that they were thus drawn up at their posts wait ing the arrival o( the coach, and began to express his surprise and regret (hat his neighbours should consider it peedlul to deprive themselves of rest for lha sake of a little chance custom at auch an hour; but hia Elixa, with the intuitive secret-discovering perception of her aex, immediately guessed the real slate of things, end interrupted him as he was preparing a little mild inoffensive re monstrance on the subject, by saying playfully, 1 Now, be p good boy for once. Mind what 1 say, and don't 'peak till you're spoken to.' (To bB continued.) 