DOMESTIG INTELLIGENCE. Forgery.—Thomas Raymer, a prisoner of the crown, ou whose possession WAS found a copner plate, representing the one used by the Bunk of Van Diemen's Land, for the £i not s. as well as about 400 blips of paper, suitable for printing notes on, was brought up, at the Police Uffi-e, on Thursday last, and sentenced- to four years imprisonment in chains. We think it our duty to state, that vviien district const able Goldsmith took the plate to G. F. Head, Esq , Manager of the Van Diemen's Land Bank, (where it was des'roy d by being battered) Mr. Head presented Goldsmith with ten sovereigns for the exertions of the parlies concerned in detecting Raymer. The Ularket —We attended the vegetable and fish market this morning, and it gave us great pleasure to witness the vast improvement that has taken place in various ways, since Mr. E Howe has taken has taken charge of it The dealers say, the arrangements are more satisfactory, and we know a large portion of the pub ic -<ee and experience the beneficial alterations made by this enterprising individual, under whose management the market is now placed. The fruit, vegetables, fowls, eggs, butter. &c.;, &s.;, offered for sale at the market this morning wee rgood, plentiful and £heap. Caution to Gbach Proprietors —At the Police Office, yesterday, Ffiday, constable Carter preferred a charge against two men. The first was against James Jaques, for refusing to carry Edmoud Holgson. Esq,, when requpsted sb to do, Jaques not feeing engaged at the time, and being a licensed cab proprietor. From the evidence, it appear d that Mr. Hodgson had appljid on the 17(h instant to hire a cab to take him to his residence, near the Cascade, but the man refused to take him as he would not pay more than the fare a'lowed by the Court of Quarter Sessions. The charge having b.en fully proved, Mr. Mason told Jaques that he should be fined 40-. and costs, which if not paid immediately, the consequence would be that he would be seut to gaol. Jacques said it was very hard and that he had no means of making people pay who hi<ed his ca\ if they did not wish to do so. Mr. Mason said, that is not a fact; if you feel yourself aggrieved and persons hiring your vehicle do not pay you the just »a e, you can recover it at the Court ot Requests. Jarq les paid the fine and left the court. A similar charge was preferred against John Bentley »nd the same fine inflicted. In this case, Bentley was merely the d iver of tbe cab, No. 8S. Ihe license was obtained by a person named George Collier, who, we believe is gone to Nuifolk Island to improve his conduct. Mr. Masin expressed his doubt, whether any person but those who obtained the licensa wer- justified in driving or taking the respousibiliiy of charging lor fares. - Weknow a few o: the cab proprietors who are really respectable men, but there are many who have charge of cabs, whether they are the owners or not we .cannot say, whose conduct is very improper, and we hope the police will see that those vehicles are properly numbered, as Mr- Hodgson declarea that he had seen many without numbers. Pavperism—Since the brief observation-i which we made upon this subject in a recent uumher, several distressing cases have come under our uotice, and amongst jthem those of some poor old commuted pensioners who stand most grievously in need of relief. One came in particular we must mention : it is that of an •« old veteran, now sixty-five years of age, and who, for more than forty years, has been exposed to the perilous vicissitudes ol a soldier's life: wounded and worn-out in the service of his " King and Country,," and carrying a musket-ball, in one of h s alioulders, this poor fellow has but sixpeuce a-day to subsist upon, and, strange to say, because he has only this pittauce all other aid from Government is denied to him. By a regulation, it appears, thatI persons of this desciiption, who have less than Is. 4d. a-day pension, are inadmissible at present into the Asylum at ?Jew Norfolk, there being no funds appropriated for the relief of fhose who cannot furnish that amount. The indivldulas to who-n we have referred, offered,to give up his poor sixjienny peision; but it could not be, an I his admission was - rejected. Ou the other hand we are iuformed. that no regulation affects in any way the holders ot tickets-of-leave, wh > by giving up their tickets, are admitted as paupers. If this be so, sadly may we exclaim with Hamlet, " Look upon this picture and on thai; ' an iille, lazy, or improvident ticket-of-leave in in, may thus be provided with a com fortabie asylum, while the veleian sdditr. who has fought and bled for his country, and exhausted his health and strength in its service, is left in his.o'd age to starve upon sixpence a-day ! Is not this an en- couragement to convictisin. Weights and Measures. — TTts'eiday, Friday, at the Police ollice, the in«pec or of weights and measures preferred a charge against James Matches, publican, for hayin? a measure, he called half a gillon, but it held a gill more, in his possession. Matches pleaded guilty, atid it being the first offence, he was fined in the lowest penalty of 5s. and costs. Two charges were preferred against James M 'Culloch, for having two deficient weights in his possession. Fined 5s. for each weight, and to pay the costs. Probation Pass'holders.—This morning a c'arge was brought against a passholder for being from the person to whom he was ass ; gned. During the evidence in this case it appears that the mode in which business is conducted at the probation office, is most disgracefnl. We will give the particulars in our next. The Race between the Rose and Cupid this morning.—-At eleven o'c'ock this Ions disputed match came off; the boats started *rom alongside the Derwent. The boats had a fair start, and the Cupid won by a long distance. Theatre.—On Wednesday evening we attended to witness Mr. King's last appearance in the Tragedy of Hamlet, which was well sustained throughout. Now Mr. King is about to depart, we cannot but remark on the very efficient manner in which he has been supported in his range of characters, especially when we consider that must of the present' corpsdramatique' although quite aufa.it in Melo drama and farce are new hands in the legitimate drama with one or two exceptions, whom we noticed at the time, the whole of the ladies and gentlemen have laboured hard in their several characters. The first we have to mention is Mrs. Mereton, who has been a great assistance to Mr. King; next Mrs. Rogers has sustained several male characters, to strengthen the cast of characters,, and invariably sustained them we'l. Mrs. Clarke also, particularly in Lady Anne and the nurse, in Romeo & Juliet, which was an admirable pers'iuation. The wttight of the male department has fallen first on Mi. Lee, who, in several pieces has b 'en compelled to sustain two important characters, in Hamlet, first the " Ghost 1 ' which never failed to elicit numerous plaudets fiom its correctness in every particular, then the " Gravedigger" which is a first-rate performance; in Richard the paits of Tressel and Richmond, wbch also gave gre.t satbfac ion, and on Mr. Rogers, who also has performed two important characters in one piece, his Mercutio, Ki"g Henry and Buckingham, were extiemely chaste pieces of acting, thesj two gpntlemen are also the chief support of the farces; want of space permits us only to say, that great creiiit is due to the whole of their urgent endeavours to p'ea^e—Mr. King m ikes his last appearance on Monday evening in " Brutus," which WJ are informed is to be produced with new scenery, dresses and all o'her necessary appendages, we anticipate a bumper bouse. We perceive by the bills, that the grand romantic drama of Wallace*' and the "Jewess," are to be produced immediately. Afier Mr. King's departure, the regular company are well adapted for these kind of pieces, we think Alts. Meretou will be quite at home in the character of the " Jewess," we hear that Mr. Rogers is to enact the Hero " Wallace" a character which he is by nature well qualified to sustain: we have nodou >t of bis making himself quite conversant with the author, and csnsequently anticipate the certain success of the play* — Colonial Times. 