THE GR EAT APOSTACY ; OR THE CHURCH. OF ROJJE. PROVED ; ; . NOT- - - -- THE'"CHCr.RCHOF.nHMST Bid the Greatest, Eiieipj to Christ, to Mis Doct) ine. and to His Religion. . an answer to cobbe-tt's history of the reobma- ' " tion. A prayer to the Virgin Mary, the great Idol of the Apos tate Church of Rome. " Most sweet Lady, for the great -joy you had when yoursyveet Son fed "five thousand people, with five barly loaves and. two fishes; sweet Lady, pray that he would govern niy five senses-(which answer to the -five oaves), and direct my thoughts and actions : (answering to -the two fishes.) niito him-' 44 Tint .Paoists trnst what names tliev nlease. < i' v a ' Tbeir saints and angels boa,at t. . We.'ve no sneli advocates-as these, " Nor pray to tli' heavenly host.' ; Jesus alone shall, hear my cries Up to liis. Father's .throne?:. He, dearest Lord, perfumes my sighs, And sweetens every groan.!' IVwW. - - r r usi'd As this paragraph has become so lengthy, I shall close it by observing that the book of Common Prayer contains few thiDgs. not contained in the Holy Scrip- tiires, and that i» it the 44 supper of the Lord'? is re stored nearly to its primitive simplicity, in opposition to the Idolatrous and ridiculous Popish mass- Happj was it for the Lord's people at that time in England to have such a sound and scriptural form off prayer, instead of the Pope's missals; but happier they who, like the apostolical and primitive churches, worship their God and Saviour in spirit, in liberty, and in truth, without and written form whatever'! 199\. You write generally in an intelligible manner so that y.iur readers can understand your meaning, however false or foolish it is; hut here you have lost your usual perspicuity of style. The subjects of this paragraph seem to have-no connexion with either the preceding or the following or.e You rave about plunder, robbery, &C.;&C.;, without stating particulars. I coufess this kind of writting is perfectly unanswer- able. . - It is clear, however, that you intend to say some r thing contemptuous against the subjects of yous dislike. I suppose you mean the reformers of th Continent ; but" they brought no" new light''— no new doctrine into the world; they only restored the primitive ligbtinto the Gospel, which had been ob scured and 'almost extinguished by: Popery. So Christ, in John xil. 46., says " I am come a light into, the world;'? the scribes and pharisees having corrupted the light of. the . revelation originally giVen by God to Moses and the prophets, just as the Pope -and his doctors have done by the light of Christ and Iris apostles. What wonder, then, that the Pope arid his apologists hate, -ridicule, and fight against tnq -4 light" of-GoPs truth; for they are like, a band of thieves and murderers, whoarc compelled to hide their, heads and creep into corners, when the daylight breaks upon them. For a reply to youf ravings about robbery and ' plunder of altars, see paragraphs 207 and 208." 200\. You say, 44 That prince of hypocrites, Cratre mer, who, during the reign of Henry, had concleiniied people to the'fl.unes for not believing transubstantia ition, was now readv to condemn them lor believing it." ... - \- Here you -are- mistaken :: Cranmer was - not the -p.rince of -hypocrites, but the, pope -of 'Rome was, and is, the prince and' patron of hypocrites; lor. he first,, .with pretended sorrow, -judges heretics to be burnt alive and tlien .delivers .tti'ein,' in 'his tender mercies, to the civil magistrate, Willi a recommendation thai he will deal gently with them; while the old villain! who is the devil's representari?(i. on earth, knows very weli that no magistrate dare show tlie poor con demned heretic any mercy at all, lest lie himself : should suffer the.same fate. I attempt.!10 apology. forU ran mer, or for any other reformer, in any point wherein tiiey have done wrong; but I In vi te you "tYTbehbld," in ' U r'mer'ssanc'tIoifiDg persecution, therdreadful effeict pf.the accursed system, of Popery on a mind naturally humane and kind. How pernicious ra (ist t hat superstition be, that cotild pervert the .judgement of such a man as Cfanme.r "!. Br.t persecution -was the vice of the times in which he lived, and the times were made by the Apostate Church' of Rome," which is essentially, continually, and incurably peTsecutinv. If Cranmer's hands had nut been tied by Hesry V-I1L, he wou.d have repealed all the sanguiniry laws against heretics'; " but how;, in thq reign, of : Edward VL, he did. , not effect their repeal, and they, were not re-enacted unti? the. bloody reign -of Queen Mary. William Cobbett, I tell you that you would be far better employed, if yon would go down upon your knees and thank God for what he enabled Cranmer to effect in. the. way. of Reformation, and for what you enjoy in consequence, than in writing so spjtefully against him, 201\. You gravely inform us in this paragraph, as though you had a mighty zeal.for religion and morals, tliat the consequences to the morals of the people weresuchas were naturally to be expected," &c.; But us usual you assert mahy things, and prove nothing. 202\. There are some things in this paragraph' which deserve" notice— chiefly what you say respect ing 44 ihe-property of .the Catholic "Church," and"4, the EstablishedUhHrch of England now possessing that property.'? To- both these, points I - shall briefly reply. Christ never endowed his Church with worldly riches, as tithe, glebe lands, &c.;,but with himself, the unction" qf the Holy Ghost, and with spiritBal riches ; and by these marks slie may always be known in every age, though, like himself, she has been despised, . and rejected, and- persecuted; by the great ones of the earth. Her poverty and humility have prevented her being known and honoured by the world- ' Not so is it with the Apostate Church of Rome (which you'call the Catholic Church)i she. is not the chaste spouse of Christ, but the w.hore— the kept mistress of the kings (or kingdoms) of this world; and they have kept her well, and caused her to live .deliriously; and that which yon call 44 the property of the Church," is nothing else hut thehire of her whoredoms, on which she and her bastards, the priesthood of Rome, have always fattened ; and there is just the same unlaw fulness in taking a.way her living, and kicking her out of a kingdom, as there is iii stepping the allow.' anceof a kept mis'ress, and turning her out of doors: for the Apostate Church of Rome is emphatically the Great. Harlot vith whom ine kings of ihe earth have committed lornicalion.— Iiev. xviii. 3. 203\. Here yo.u .are rather to be reprehended than reasoned with. You must be very far gone in wicked ness or insanity, to condemn religious toleration, and to plead for the punishment of those who dare to have a creed which differs from the Popish creed. ; 204, There, is something, false, either in fact or iq reasoning, in almost every one of your paragraphs: in this, both of these meet. It is assumed as the basis of the curious reasonim here employed, that the Ca- tholics, 'as you call them, have always, in all cenera- ations, entertained the same, belief. But this is no toriously, false, as Bishop Hall aud ArchbishopUsher have clearly proved; their faith having changed as often as a cameleou changes its color. 205\. H-ere we have only a continuation of the same kind of argument which lias been answered above. 207\. We have now arrived at that paragraph _at which \ promised to. give an account of the Popish Mass, which I prhpose to do in the following manner, calling it : ' THE HISTORY AND.MYSTERY OF THE ' ' ' " MASS. : Leaving, therefore, for the present, the calu.mnicB of Mn CohbVtt about Ca'lvin arid Cra,omer opposing each other, 1 shal! first show why it wgs that the 'altars were ordered, to be removed, . and tlie tables to he put in their stead, and then proceed to examine into the'origin of the Popish mass. ' The reasons- assigned for the removal' of altars are given by thfe-vgnerahle Bishop Ridley, and were, that a table was more proper than an altar, because altars were erected,- under the law, for sacrifices ; but: -the . law ceasing, sacrifices and also altars ought. to cease; that Christ had instituted the sacrament, uot at an altar, but at a tab'e. Altars were, therefore, very properly ordered to be removed from nil churches in England, w hieb was done in the year 155'.). No part, of the Christian religion has been so much corrupted by the Apostate Church of Rojne as the Supper of the Lord, and on lfo suhject have Papists and Protestants so much controversy. Yet it ap pears to me that very much trouble might have been spared by Protestants in this controversy, if they had kept their eyes steadily fixed upon tlie original insire Itntion of the Lord's Supper, and simply compared the Popish mass witli it: 'What have we to do with a thousand fooleries and absurdities which any man —such as the Pope, or any set of men— such as consti tute the Apostate Church of Rome, have invented in- -stead of the .original .institution of Christ ? It is enough for us to know that it is not the same insti- jLutibni.: We know that there is less resemblance be tween 44 the supper of the Lord,"(l Cor. xi. 23) as described in tire New Testament aud received by the primitive churches, and the Popish mass, than there is.between. Lucifer as he stood pure and unspotted before the holy throne pf God, and Lucifer as he now is fallen and corrupted in hell. How the Apostate Church changed and corrupted the Last Supper is onei tiling, «be fact that it is changed and cdrriipted ik another. If 1 find my house wrapped in flames around me, shall I stand questioning, or doubt ihe blazing fact? How it had been set on fire may be a maker of after inquiry, the fact itself requires no proof. So it is with the thing called the mass by Papists; and here I might leave it; but I think it may be useful to some of. ihe readers of this work whom I suppose to he plain, sensible men, to enter a little into the; subject; and, first, let ns ask our. selves, 'what is the lord's supbett ? IjbftH it -not .the Eucharist, nor the Ordinance, nor the; Sacrament; but 44 the Lord's Supper." (1 Cor. xi.|20.) It is the Scripture name for.it; and the cloiser we keep to Scripture, in exposing the errors of Popery, the belter. Well, then, it is the receiving of bread and wine, in memory of, or as commemora tion of, the dying love of our Lord - Jesus Christ, in obedience to his conrniamd.— See Luke xxii. 14 to 21 : 14 And when the hour was come, he sat down, and the twelve apostles with him. And he said unto' them, With desire 1 have desired to eat ahis passover with you before I suffsn for . I say unto you,. I will not any more. eat thereof, until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of Gjd. And he took the cup, and gave! thanks, and said, Take this, and divide it among yourselves : for. I say unto you, I will not drink pi the fruit of the vine, uutil the kingdom of God shall: come. And he took bread, aud gave thanks, and gave unto them., saying, This is my ;body which is; broken for youl this do in remembrance of me. Likewise also the cup after supper, saying, Tnis cup is the new testament in my bipod, which is shed lor. »ou." Moreover, as if to guard agajnst any "corrup-. lion of this supper, the Holy Ghost lias caused the account of its original insiiturion to be again recorded in l Gor xi. 23 — 27 jr— 44 'For I bave received .of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus, ihe same night in which he was betrayed, tooh breads and when he had given thanks he brake it, and said, Take, eat ; this is my body, which is broken for you-: this do in remembrance of me After the same manner also he took, the cup, when' he had supp.ed, saying, This cup is the new testa ment in roy blood : this do ye,:as oft as ye drink it, in remembrance of me. For as often as ye eat tliis bread, and drink ibis cup, ye do show iheLord's death till he come."' The above is a simple statement of the origin of the: 44 Lord's Supper," taken from the very statute-book of the kingdom of the Lord and Head ofthe Church himself. Thus we are at the fountain head of autho rity. and we can iret no further, Whnt shall we say, then, of any man, or any set of men, who dared so to take from, to add to, to- corrupt, and to alter This insti tution as to make it, in its.nature and design, another thing altogether?— What shall we say of that pre tended Church which hath npt only bereaved her-own. children of the 44 Lord's Supper," but hath perverted it to the basest purposes-? Yes, the Apostate Church, and her children too, have,-- prostituted this, which ifeey say is the most sacred rite in their, religion, to purposes of treason, persecuting, and murder. Take a few instances. "4( In -1528, Dior.ysitis de Rietfx, at Meux, in France, was one of them who was burnt for saying( that the mass is a plain denial of the death and pas sion of Christ. lie Was alwayri wont to have in his -mouth- the words oi Christ, — 4 He that denierh me before men, him will ! also deny before roy father ;' and tomuse upon the same earnestly-. He was burnt with.a slow fire."r 4 -Mavthew Dimont'tus, at Lyons, A. -D. 1553.-— This merchant first lived a vicious arid detestable life,; but being called, notwithstanding, by the Grace of God, to the knowledge and favour of his word, he was shortly aftemards taken by the lieutenant and the official,- he refused to yield any answer, knowing.no authority they had over him, except lo the lieu tenant. 44 Hia answers were that he believed all that the- holy universal Church of Christ did truly believe, .arid all the art cles of the creed. To the article of the holy Catholic Church, being bid to add also Romau— that is, the Church of Some—he re fused. Advocates he knew none, but Cbrrst alone. Purgatory he knew none, but the cross and passion of. the Lamb, which purgeth the sins of all the world world. True confession, he said, ought to be made not to the priest once, a year, but every day to God and to such whom we have offended, The eating of. the flesh and blood .of Christ he took to be spiritual ; and the sacrament o-f the flesh and blood of Christ to be eaten with the mouth, and that sacrament to be bread and wine, under the name and signification of the body and. blood of Christ ; the mass not to be instituted by Christ,, being a thing contrary to his word and wiil. For the head of the Church, he_ knew none but Christ. Being in prison he had, snany conflicts with the in . fi mity of his fljsh, but espec ady with the temptation of his parents, brethren, and kinsfolks, and the sorrow, of his mother; nwerthtless, the Lord so assisted him, thai he endured to the end, At his burning he spake much to the people, ami was heard; with great alien-, lion. 44 Lewis Marsacus, Michael Gerard, at Lyons, 1553\. — At Lyons, these three also were apprehended and sacrificed. Lewis had served the King in his wars. He was trained up in the knowledge arid doc trines of the- Lord. He examined upon several articles, as invocation of Saints, and of the Virgin Mary, free wiU, merits, and... goudL works, aricular. confession, fasting, the Lord's Supper. In his second examin ation, they ei q rired of him, and. also of the other two, '-touching vows,- the- sacraments the- mass, and the vieir of Christ, In all. which articles, because their judgment desenled ' from the dqctriue of the Pipe's church they, were, condemned. 44 When ihe sentence of condemnation was given against these time, they were so glad, that they went out praisirijfGdd, arid "singing psiliris. 44 When brought out of prison to the slake, the exer cuiioner lipd a rope about the necks of the other two. Marsac seeing himself spared becauseof his orderand degree, asked, (hat he ajso, might have one of ihe.pre- cious chains about his neck, in honour of his Lord, which being, granted, these three blessed martyrs wqre committed to the fire, where, with meek patience, they gave gave their lives into the hands cf the Lord in testimony of his Gospel." ' George Carpenter, Martyr. — On the 8th Feb. A.D 1527, George Carpenter, of Entering, was burnt iri Munchen; in Bavaria, When he came before the council, his offences were read, contained in four articles: — 44 First, That he did not believe that a priest could forgive a man's sins. 44 Secondly, That he did not believe .hat a man could call God out of heaveu. 41 Thirdly, that he did not believe that God was in the bread which the priest hangs ovfer the altar, but that it was the bread of the Lord. 44 Fourthly, That he did not belie vel that the very elemeut of the water it self in baptism gives grace. (To. be continued.) . . The humble, (he meek, the merciful, -the- just, the pous, and the devou t , are, erery where. of onereligion ; ajid when death has ta.ken'off the mask, they will know ope another, though Ihe'iiveries'Viiey ' wear here make diem sttangers. v ' 