TO THE VENERABLE FITZHERBERT ADAMS MARRIOTT, M.A., ARCHDEACON OF HOBART TOWN. VENERABLE Smn,-It is now some weeks past since I read your Letter on Trausportation. I was much pleased with it. There, indeed, per vaded it a strong odour of the Anglo-catholic school; but for this, though no admirer of Dr. Pusey, I was quite disposed to make the proper allowance. Where there was so much to praise, both in sentiment and execution, he must be a captious and narrow-minded critic, who should se riously quarrel with little defects arising from secta rian peculiarities, or metaphysico-theological subtleties. On further reflection, however, I confess to you, my satisfaction was not a little diminished, The consideration involuntarily occurred,--"Mow comes it that this man of principles so apostolic -this pure-souled archdeacon- thoroughly pe netrated as he is, with the conviction of tie utter and essential abomination of this cursedsys ter - forming human creatures into demons, before their time-can for one single moment, after hav ing arrived at this fearful but most true conclu sion, still continue in connexion with it? Why comes he not out like a christian at once, and separate himself from the unclean thing ? Can £800 a-year be a sufficient solatium in his esti mation for a sort of sleeping partnership with the old enemy in this black speculation-this " phe nomenon of carnal and spiritual wickedness, such as the earth has never seen !" The jail-chaplaincy theory is too transparent a sophitin to impose on a man of his acuteness. Jails are necessary. They are not contrary to the christian institute, nor do they of necessity frustrate the ministra tions of grace. Society cannot exist without such receptacles for the coercion and punishment of evil doers. But here is an unnatural, indefen sible, system of yesterday's growth, under which from the very nature of its constitution, the devil will always get the better of the ministers ; and the great object of all the good men in the co lony is now to break up and dissolve the infernal conspiracy involved in it against all the highest and best interests of humanity, at once, and for. ever. - How then can he still countenance it, by retaining his useless appointment,-useless in every sense of the word according to his own emphatic avowal, and thus while so strongly de nouncing the pestilent iniquity in words, actu ally make a market of it, and pocket its wages? Can he not perceive the construction an un charitable and ungodly world is sure to put on such doings ?" Nay,-conduct hath the loudest tongue. The voice Is but an instrument, on which the priest Mlay play what tune he pleases." There is indeed, Mr. Archdeacon, reason for thankfulness. The imperial government has, of its own motion, abated the diabolical nuisance; otherwise, it is much to be apprehended, the in consistency of your conduct here would have gone far to neutralize, or at all events, to render of small effect, the high-toned and laboured elo quence of your manifesto. But, Mr. Archdeacon, this really after all, is a small matter, a very venial sin, in comparison to what follows. In the Launceston Examiner of 5th June last, occurs the following paragraph, " At a committee mieeting of the propagation society, held at Hobart Town this week, a mem ber moved for assistance to the Rev. Mr. Wilson, Bothwell, towards opening a school in oposition to the board of education. After some discussion, the mover learned that the schoolmaster and misstress employed by Mr. Wilson, were prison ets, and he immediately recalled his motion, and opposed the grant. However the archdeacon, who was in the chair, overruled the objection, and supported the appointment of such teachers." Again in the same paper of 19th June I read, " He (the archdeacon) has pourtrayed the evils of the system, and described its pernicious influence, yet he does not hesitate to select as teachers of innocent youth, in his denominational schools, those who have passed through a penal disci pline he declares to be invariably demoralising." These statements have been publicly made, and widely circulated. There have been no attempts to contradict or explain them. It may, therefore, be assumed that they are true- too notoriously so, to bear even the shadow of denial. Now, Mr. Archdeacon, if (as you have recorded your belief, in language so solemn and unquali fied) the penal discipline of the gangs, probation parties, and factories tends uniformly to render more wicked those who were sufficiently wicked before, and incurably to corrupt and deprave those who were cnmparatively uncontaminated till subjected to the operation of this hellish training with so deep a conviction of this awful fact present to your mind as you declare, what reply can you offer to the caustic sneers of the scoffer-how can you reconcile it with your duty as a christian, as a responsible moral agent-how do you account for it-thus voluntarily, delibe rately, without one valid reason admissable even as a palliation of such a proceeding, to select (and that, too, on the plea of religion and mora lity) the instructors of youth-those to whom the formation of the infant minds of your spiritual charge is to be intrusted-from that very class of unhappy men and women whose proved delin quencies in the mother-country have condemned them to undergo in this country that additional process of demoralisation, which by your own able showing cannot fail to have made them twofold more the children of hell. than before? I have read, Mr. Archdeacon, of Jesuits and Jesuitry—forgive me, I have heard it, not insi nuated, but openly and broadly asserted-yes, by men who preach in surplices, and are mighty for the " succession," that you have drunk deeply of the tenets, and practise, when it suits, not a little of the policy of that slippery school; but surely the disciple of Loyola, whilst acting on the principle of the end justifying the means, would have contrived to keep up appearances better than this. Can it be, venerable sir, that, under the cloak of zeal for God, your real object, and that of your clerical abettors, is to prevent the spread of popular education ?-or, as there is not much chance of effecting this altogether, to render it as inefficient and worthless as possible, by limiting its range, and by degrading the character of schoolmaster, appointing to that office, where you havecontrol and influence, and whereit may with any chance of safety he done, base, igno rant, incompetent persons, on mean salaries? And do you thus hope to found, or to perpetuate, a superstitious and grovelling veneration for your order (as in Spain, Italy, and other priest ridden countries), in the gross ignorance and brutality of the multitude? It would indeed be a most painful and discouraging thought to believe ins the existence of any such design on the part of so respectable a body of men as the episcopal clergy of the colony; but their virulent crusade against our established system of scriptural education, and the strange means adopted by them to supersede it, afford too good grounds to suspect that at least their leaders have all this, and something more, in their eye. Now that I am on this subject, there is one argument strongly urged by Mr. Davies, and, I understand, much insisted on also by yourself, Mr. Archdeacon, against the present system-an argument, which as it is of all others apparently most calculated to tell on ordinary minds, 1 shall here take the liberty to discuss with you a little more fully-I mean its expensiveness-the high salaries paid to teachers in comparison of the little work performed by them. You Apostle men would support three times the number of schoolmasters for the same money. And how? You would go to a probation party, or to a hiring depbt-you would engage a probation man, or say a ticket- of-leave, for ten pounds a-year and rations-you would pair him with a suitable female from one of the factories, or from on board the Anson, on similar terms. Very true a very practicable scheme. It is very much in accordance with, as it appears, what you and Mr. Davies have been doing of late. But do ponder it. I am not much of a metaphysician, yet I cannot help considering this line of argu ment rather perilous-indeed a peculiarly dan gerous mode of syllogism to persons in your predicament-a terrible logic, in short, which both yourself and your well-paid, and certainly not over-worked clergy, should think of again and again tefore employing. For as Mr. Bicheno (a prime authority in all matters relating to cookery) will tell you, it is an indisputable fact, that what is good sauce for goose will also answer tolerably well for gander. If cheap schoolmasters and schoolmistresses can thus be so easily procured from the class of con victs, why not cheap parsons and par sonnesses? There are, I believe, some half dozen, if not more, gentlemen on probation or ticket at this moment in the colony, who have received ordination in due form from episcopal hands, any one of which said gentlemen would, I doubt not, readily consent to perform, not merely your functions, Mr. Archdeacon, but even those of the veritable Tasmanian successor of the Apostles himself, for one-fourth the sum now paid.him front our impoverished treasury; and one hundred men could, without serious difficulty,be picked out from among our 30,000 felons who might be constituted depositories of the gift imparted by episcopal hands, (according to your confession of faith;) and who would undertake to read the service, and a sermon moreover after it, quite as effectively as any half-dozen of the very elite of your reverend chaplains, and thankful for £60 a-year, the fees, and the honour. I say, then, Mr. Archdeacon, if you and your parsons will have cheap schoolmasters, why should not the community have cheap parsons? If the former can be furnished so readily by an order on Dr. Hampton's department, why not the latter? 1 confess to you that I am really profane enough to regard a schoolmaster quite as useful and essentially importantafunctionary, as far as concerns the general interests of a com munity, as a parson. I entertain as much respect-reverence-for the functions of the former as the latter, and cannot for the life of me see why, if convicts be the fittest material for the manufacture of the one, they should not an swer equally well for the other. It is a capital thing, economy ; but let the principle be fairly applied and carried out. Indeed, Mir. Arch deacon, depend upon it, carried out in good time it will be; and then you and your parsons, as most just and reasonable, will have to look for your payment to those who employ you or value your services. Take care you do not antedate, by opposition to all improvement and enlightenment, by hypocritical and inte rested clamours in behalf of priestcraft, igno rance, and corruption, poking greedy fingers into the public mess on this and every occasion, the evil day already distinctly looming in the distance. Ordinary people like myself, ir.: Arch deacon, who understand little Latin and less Greek, who have never read a page of V'- 'l... u n a" " ry ..".... ti . tile holy Ambrosius, but who love their adopted CouI. try, and are desirous to see it flourish as n land of civilization, freedom, morality, and in1 telligence, do really consider it of primary impor tance for this end, that a good system of educel tion, based not on the narrow and unsocial pe. culiarities of sect, but adapted to the wants nd wishes of the general community, be established in it. And further, that this system be woaked out by a staff of well-trained, well-instrnctrd and respectable schoolmesters: (net Macurdnn1, Harbour and Port Arthur men, observe.) Ti present system, with such slight modification, and improvements as time and experience shall suggest, answers in my humble opinion, the first condition. Well educated, well-trained, reslect. able schoolmasters, again, it is my firm faith, can only be secured by means of competent saldries -by actually making the very irksome and labo rious situation of a schoolmaster, worth the acceptance of a man of tolerable attainments andI decent character. In the present fallen and rather corrupt state of human nature, it is a1 article of out creed-religious and politico-econno. mtical-that such services are to be commtnska on no other terms. We cannot if we would shit our eyes to ii,-holy bishops, venerable arch. deacons, and reverend parsons of all grades ino denominations,are not uninfluenced by considers. lions having respect to the main chance. It 1 with them, as with others-no pence, no palr noster. Think Mr. Archdeacon, of your own £800 n" year-think also of Mr. Foster, non no his woo to England; and say, how you would like is labour day after day, often on an empty stomach, and always under a sense of injustice, degradssl tion, and hopelessness, (like some of your luci:. less convict schoolmasters) in a miserable but eight feet by fourteen,-your kitchen, parlour, dining-room, bed-room, and schoolroom, teach. ing the alphabet for some twelve or fotrteen pounds a-year. After such penance as thi, purgatory would have no terrors. Look well to it, Mr. Archdeacon and gentle men of the surplice, Quaker-coat, and shovel. hat-should Gladstone again come to hold the seals of the colonial department, an event not at all improbable, -you may succeed, by dint of intrigues, perservering misrepresentations, and importunities, acting on a congenial mind, in subverting the established, liberal, and excellent scheme of education, and clutching for a time the enticing emoluments, the influence, and the jobbery, now flitting in indistinct, yet glittering vision before your eyes. But it needs no ghost to prophesy that it will be to you a fatal triumph. The day of your victory will seal your doom as an established church, paid from the colonial treasury. The necessity will speedily appear for the state to shake you off; and you will find yourselves reduced-like any vulgar Methodist, or Independent, or Baptist holder-forth, or rather like (which ought greatly to reconcile you to the change) the Apostles themselves, and their successors for the first three centuries-to depend for your support on the voluntary abla tions and eleemosynary contributions of your disciples and admirers. I believe most potently that will be a bright day, for the colony. Whether it be a consummation devoutly to be prayed for, and hailed by you, you can best judge.-I have the honour to be, venerable sir, your obedient servant, PETER'S BROTHER JACK. 