To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMEN,-As you have admitted to your columns several letters on banking and immi- gration, and seem disposed liberally to give the subject fair play, and that among the writers my auld friend Gaffer Gray has again been forced to appear, in defence of his friends of the pea and thimble, I trust you will permit my joining issue on some counts. I shall not puzzle my brains by attempting to unravel the entanglements of political economy, or the mysteries of that unfathomable subject " the currency," (which all the know- ing ones of Europe have been sounding for the last century without finding a bottom), that A. B., Abraham Newland, P. T. W., or Gaf- ier Gray, in their discussion on banks and im- migration, may give rise to, other than by the common sense rule of a plain Englishman. I perfectly agree with Abraham Newland that the mercantile interest has had an im- proper influence over the banking capital of the colony, (and have not they played the very devil with it ?) and that the pastoral interest is ignorant of the power which legiti- mately belongs to it. As regards the currency, its contraction or expansion-(as the currency doctors write), are to my mind secondary con- siderations, compared with the basis on which it is founded. As affecting the value of a paper circulation, it appears to my wool-gathering cranium, a very different thing whether £1000 in notes be issued to me on my bill of lading for 100 bales of wool, or to Messrs. A. B. C and Co., for their promissory note at six months, which may (in the kicking style) represent nothing, or be a diploma tor the Insolvent Court-but wool may be re-drawn against with as much confidence as gold itsell, at all events, it is convertible into gold within eight or nine months if need be. If, therefore, a Bank be founded on the suggestions of Abraham New- land, it should have nothing to do with mer cantile discounts, or discountsat all; it -would be sowing tares among the wheat. The ' His torical statements and philosophical deduc tions, of Abraham Newland, as Gaffer Gray calls them, have created some sensation in my quarter, but in this distressing drought-failure of my crop of lambs, scarcity and ruinous price of labour, prospect of a light clip, and the low price of wool, I have been too much dejected to give full considera tion to the interesting views broached by that ancient personage, but it is evident they have created some apprehension in the enemy's camp-hence the flippant attempt of Mr Small-Change to create ridicule, with his Yankee Doodle clap trap phrases ot "kicking at nothing." There are none more blind than those that wont see-(or so deaf that will not hear), therefore, Small-Change Simon can find no tangible charge made against the banks and merchants, in Abraham Newland's showing - the annihilation of the entire capital of one bank, by the stupidity, negligence, or culpa bility ol its directors-the timely winding up of another, through the misconduct of the cashier and accountant, and the robbery of a third, by a clerk, of a few thousands, is a mere bagatelle in Simon's notion of things; but this of colonial banks of the Anglo-bred leeches as yet we know but little, they would keep matters dark ; an inspector or manager might for aught we know lend largely to bad marks, or overdraw a score thousand or two, and the colonial public be not the wiser. Assuredly none but the most perverse will refuse to allow that the constitution of the co lonial banks is erroneous, and that, with the strife conduced by the sapping and mining opera tions of the Anglo banks, has been the pecuni ary cause of ruinand desolation to the widow and orphan ; and all seem to agree that the Anglo banks aro in unnatural incubus on the prosperity of the colony, mid rob it every year of a sum that would import some thousand immigrants. As to the mercantile charges, I can feelingly confirm Abraham Newland's opinion of their severity, and every wool-grower is too well ac quainted with them, even at fourteen per cent they are greatly mitigatcd to what they were in times long past. At a later period, I know a grazier, whose total charges on his clip of wool, with the discount of exchange at seven and a half percent, freight at 1½d per lb (and the wool netting 1s 3d per lb only)-together with commissions, interest, insurance, broker- age, and all other charges, exceeded forty per cent on the net proceeds of his clip of wool. But the high charges of the merchants and banks is not the worst feature of the mercantile interest, its influence in the direction (I should sav annihilation) of banking funds, has been as injurious to the pastoral interest as destructive to the widow and orphan. I find it exemplified in the case of a very old grazier in my neighbourhood, who brought capital to the colony thirty years since, invested it in sheep-applied his abilities and attention to the culture ol the fleece- improved his estate-delighted in his orchard, garden, and little vineyard- married-with pride viewed the growth of an amiable and rising family - husbanded his savnigs for their provision and for further improvement - invested it in varrious institutions of the southern hemisphere, such as were received hythe public as legitimate pursuits for investment of money ; to wit, the Bank of Australia, General Steam Navigation Company, Union Assurance Company, Auction Company, Bank of New South Wales, which so modestly clipt off thirty-three per cent of their capital stock account, aye, and with assurance most strange, claimed and got credit for the act as very bold and clever, but after all these investments so judi- ciously divied, so many strings to his bow - there remained £1000 - the ba lance of the last two years' clip and sale of fat bullocks-in the hands of his agent-the house that he had done business with for the last twenty-five years, in which his confidence was so stii.n: that he deemed it as safe there as in his own possession ; but, alas, the speculative mania came over the firm, and this went also, in this unlooked for dilemma, he -was driven to the Trust Company with the deeds of his grant ; in short he is now a kind old squatter and neighbour of my squattage station ; but alas, sans estate, sans bank stock, sans in- surance and all other shares, sans everything but an unsullied name. The remaining flocks are his son's, and it seems some consolation to him that lawyers and bank directors cannot handle them. This instance, I fear, is but a type of widely spread results of mercantile influence over banking capital, making ducks and drakes of the reserved funds of the settler, or buying up the very articles most necessary for the grazier, and thereby bleeding the pastoral in- terest -with its own fleam. The submission of the pastoral interest during the last seven years is almost incredible, and let me assure Mr. Newland that his efforts to produce unity of action "will prove futile ; my brethren of the pipe and crook are in that respect the most untractable, (certainly their scattered position is some excuse) ; they allow themselves to be plucked alive like Yorkshire geese, in blind delusion of their importance, yielding over their downy feathers almost as a duty to those whose prosperity, aye, existence, is dependant on them, that they may repose on beds of down, enjoying pleasant dreams, until next pluckage, whilst the good easy wool grower shall retire to his blanket and bark hut in the bush, and toil on with tea and damper until his feathers grow again, when he may come to town, taste the champagne, claret, and pale brandy of his agent, and suffer as before. No, no, Mr. Abraham, do not flatter your- self that you can rouse the pastoral interest from their lethargy-retire to your shades -you have no business in this hemi- sphere, it is not your element. Your plain honesty might ruin half the towns in the colony. The Campbelltown ghost pointed out a murder ; but you'll not make the flockmasters act as a body. However, that I may not individually be considered ungrateful for your attempt, I would willingly be one of the 500, and consent to allow 10 per cent, on the net proceeds of my wool clip, us a compo- sition for all charges of commission, brokerage, discount of exchange, and insurance, because I really believe immigration might be effected in the way proposed by Mr. Newland ; his letters have convinced me that it is not English ca- pital the Anglo Banks lend, but mainly colonial moneys deposited with them by the folly of the colonists-in his words, what we most want is labour, the " WOMB OF WEALTH, English men, and English women." Since the defeat of the conspiracy of the' Anglo Banks to thimble-rig the exchanges and pocket a tenth of the golden fleece, I have not felt occasion to address you ; but any attempt, at this season to revive old tricks will not escapo the notice of, Your obedient servant, THE SUFFERING SQUATTER. 