ANOTHER SCHEME FOR GETTING RID OF PAUPERS.-On Friday, April 30, at a very fully attended meeting of the Board of Directors and Guard;ans of the Poor of St Marylehone, held in the board room of the workhouse, New-road, Mr Thorne, the Secretary, read a communi cation from Dr. Rutherford, a member of the vestry, calling upon the board to avail themselves of the advantages now offered by the Government for sending out a number of the pauper children to Australia and other parts of New South Wales as agricultural servants. 'Tlie communication stated that the writer had had an interview with Earl Grey, the Colonial Secretary, and that the Govern ment would take care that the children were provided with good masters and properly treated. It was proposed to take any number the board felt disposed to send out. After a discussion, Mr Potter moved the appointment of a committee to obtain information, and to put themselves -THE CENSORSHIP ON THE PRESS ROME.-The following gratifying it gence, dated Rome, March 28th p pears in the Daily News:, -" Tie 'r gle between the Roman newspapers Austrian interference, of which we reached the crisis when I wrote last, just terminated in the total discomfit of Metternich and the triumph of press. The ' edict,' forced on the pus laninous Gizzi, has, thanks to the attitude of our local editors, become dead letter: and yesterday all journals came out fresh and vigor, ever, without the ghost of a "gover ment stamp,' and evincing no trace meddling censorship. It is underst that no change will be attempted matters of public journalism foper present year,' and such a cone ?r the late outburst of opinion is Rome, that no edict once promolg can be formally, repealed, hoever i be suffered to lie dormant: for i the late Governor Marini issued an u against fox-hunting in the Camnps according to which the horse ad rider are still liable to fine and on?2f tion ; yet tihe hounds meet twice a-s and the whipper.in is reckless." Preparations are maklingin Rome the reception of the Liberator of Irela who is daily expected in the eternalc The Pope has frequently expressed xieiy to see the illustrious champin Catholicity, who goes on his pilgrim to thue shrine of the Apostles, afte struggle of filty years for the civil religious liberties of mankind. DrCu, of the Irish College, Dr Kirby (who know was an old agitator himself in day, in Ireland, and as honest.hart patr ot as ever breathed), as well as the professors and students of the I College, are ardently expecting Liberator's coming. The accouents receive of the state of his health are no means cheering or satisfact Littld has reached us since e arrive France ; but that little, while it tlsit his health is gravely effected, ass us that in that country his exalted n is held in deserved reverence, and t to him is awarded the palm of being first lay Catholic of the age." Roa?e--The real nature of the RIo censorship law is said to have been understood in some quarters. The re edict is not a new measure imposed for first time, but a considerable modifica of the existing restrictive lhw. The o0b tion to it, therefore, is, that it does no far enough.; the fact being, that it is ac siderable amelioration of the former st gency. The Board of Censorship, hi:h arbitrary in its decisions, is now pla under the direction of a tribunal, and censors are in future to be laymen ins of clergymen. All the new censors literary men of some distinction, profess moderate Liberal opinions with the ex tion of the president, who is described an intolerant monk.-Liverpool Alb 