REVIEW. FATHER EUSTACE, A TALE OF THE JESUITS. BY MRS. TROLLOPE. c« ntinced from our last. It is not our intention to allude at present to any of the minor characters introduced in this work. It will be time enough to do so when their in troduction is rendered imperative in order to fol low out the thread of the story. Nor indeed is it our purpose to introduce at length the prin cipal personages themselves ; save, only, when they appear in alliance -with the Jesuits Father Eustace like all works of a similar nature, has minor characters depicted of varied complexious, who, although repeatedly brought into contact with the chief persons represented, are yet wholly unconnected with the great and stirring events of the tale. Let us then pass over, sub silentio, the multifarious balls, and fetes, »o graphically set forth in the following seven chapters. To enter upon a prolix description ol the frivolities of human existence would be to outrage the dignity of the object at which we aim. Several months had elapsed since the mortal remains ot Richard Randolphs de Morley had been consigned to the tomb of his ancestors. The dismal days of mourning had at length passed away ; aud all was apparently gay and joyous at Cuthbert Castle. The rigid austerity, and the cold chilling formality, which had reigned there during the life of its jesuitical master, now gave place to a warm welcome and a reciprocal interchange of the courtesies of life. The heart of Mis de Morley was not formed for unvaried ascetic decorum. All the noble feel ings of her nature, so long pent no by the re pulsive bigotry of her husband, welied over after her days of outward mourning were terminated. Of a social nature, she longed for some friend with whom she could interchange thoughts, and feelings, aud sympathies, some friend whose heart would respoud to her own ; nor was she disappointed. Juliana, too, had found au inter esting companion — one with whom her own high soul could hold sweet intercourse. Yet amid all the glitter of the scenes through which she moved — so different, so amazingly different, from the even and unruffled character which had stamped the earlier period of her existence — was Juliana happy? True, she was "the ad- mired ot all admirers ; she was beautiful, and wealthy, and young Yet conscious of her own exalted feelings, and charitably ascribing simi lar emotions toothers, who will marvel that she , . was disappointed ? No, Juliana was not happy. She yearned with all the ardent affection of her nature for the calm of her own little roum — for her books and her " plaintive music,'' to which, according to Father Ambrose, she was passion ately attached ; and she yearned for oil the in nocent oeaupations which she had reluctantly re signed for the b ss satisfactory engagements of morning calls and evening masquerades. She felt that she was unfiihd for the society with which she miuglad. There was no uuison ol feeling — no sympathy in her nature— with the bold festivities of the ball-room. Modest and reiring, she felt a diffidence amounting to ab solute pain when compelled to take her place amid the glittering throng ; aud, although she was unaware that this virtue in herself was tor tured into affection ol the worst kind by those of her sex to whom such scenes were as the breath of their nostrils, yet ignorant of this, she longed, ardently, affectionately, longed lor solitude. She could sing with the noble poet : — There is pleasure io ;he pathless woods, There is a rapture en the lonefy sbote, There is soci ty where none intrudes, By the deep sea, and music in i s roar 1" Juliana loved to converse with the eternal beiug within herself— to hold commune with her own heart, and with the God who made her; aud to p nder on her destiny hereafter; and we cannot be surprised, therefore, wheri we find her giving expression to a wish 44 that she might be permitted to enjoy one single morning in her own little turret-chamber study. But where was Father Ambrose ? Father Ambrose was within the venerated walls of the Papal city. Upwards of 68 years of age it was not to be expected that he — although a Jesuit — should be entirely free Iroin lassitude and fatigue. 44 True it is that lits aged limbs trembled more and more, as he got in and got out of all the succes sive vehicles of little ease in which he stowed him self, in order 'to be carrid onward; but he never uttered a groan ; and if a sigh escaped him, be might have said, with all truth, had lie been called upon to interpret it, that he mourned b cause ue comu not perform his duty more promptly. 44 But neither the bodies nor ihe minds of Jesuits appear to be affected like ihose of other men: the mind of a Jesuit is schooled into having such sovereign s«ay and masterdom over itself and the body it be longs to, that t one may guess from any outward sign, what either mind or body leeU.'' 'The sun shone, but Father Ambrose saw it not The birds sung, but he heard them not. Neither did he feel the soft fresh breath of early morniBg, though it came upon a brow levered by unwonted fatigue, and furrowed by m-»ny years of mental toil. We scarcely know how to resist the strong temptation which is acting upon us, and which did we succumb to its influence, would induce us lo insert at length the interview between An tonio Scaviatoli, the General of the Holy Com pany of Jesus, and Father Ambrose. But we must deny ourselves- The scene is characteristic in the extreme. Shrewd, secret, and cunning, Scaviatoli had taught himself to doubt the honesty and sincerity of all who appeared before him; notwithstanding that they were banded together in the same hellish alliance to subjugate all mind, reason, judgment, feeling, and pro perty, to the will of one, who is to be the centre of the idol of their worship— power. Of a truth such a company, aiming at such an object, mast necessarily be holt. To reduce the towering intellect of responsible creatures to the level of the brute creation was an aim worthy of Loyola and the Fiends of Darkness alone. Even in the enlightened portion of the Roman Church —if there be any portion ofit which may be safely termed enlightened — this doctrtue is held to some extent. Men are denied the power of interpreting Scripture, which, we opine, is much the same thing as denying them the fa culties which constitute reason and judgment. Now we never could discover why any man, merely because a few splendid rascals — ycleped cardinals — such holy and immaculate men to wit, as Cromwel', Wolsey , Richelieu, De Relz — and fifty others see fit to make him Pope for their own private euds, why any such man shou'd be better qualified on that account , to interpret the Word of God than the more humble, yet oftentimes, more intellectual, of the Al mighty's creation. It will be a poor plea for any any one to urge at the judgment in extenuaiiou of crim®, that he was ordered to commit it by his spiritual superiors. Obedience to the digni taries of the church is right and proper sj far only as a mau's concience permits him to obey. If the silent but powerful monitor within us — for after all, conscience is the test by which every man will be tried — and which is the only effec tual discerner between good and evil — if this monitor condemn an act which we are com manded to perform, and we, regardless of its warning voice, perform that act, neither the au tbority of Pope, Priest, or Devil, will suffice to save us from its penalty. But our indignation has led us too far away. Let us return to the worthy Scaviatoli. Scaviatoli had keen, searching, grey, eyes, which, when fastened upon those with whom he was conversing, seemed to have the power of penetrath g into the inmost recesses of their hearts, and of analyzing and probing (heir every thought. That he really possessed such a power was implicitly believed by all the fraternity of which he was the recognised head : and, doubt less, it was his object to have them believe it. With such an impression on their minds they would scarcely presume to prevaricale in his presence. Yet no man could be mure affable, or more humble, to his followers than Scavia toli when it suited his purpose to be so. So perfect a hypocrite was he that it is probuble even himself may have believed his own plausible speeches. But 44 he knew himself to be a vil lain,'' and he knew himself to be possessed of a terrible power that nothing human could wiili- island did he choose to exert it. When needful he could be stern, uncompromising, relentless, cruel, His schemes were entirety of his own in» vention, and they did honor to hisjconsistency of character, and to his stead'astness of purpose. But let them speak for themselves. Si-aviatoli trusted in no man. The infernal implement by which he strove to mould all minds to his own individual will was passive obedience, and we shall see presently to what lengths he was pre pared to urge this brutalizing and degrading doctrine in order to augment the power of which he was possessed, It is an impious aud a blas phemous thing to hurry men into the commis sion of crimes of awful magnitude and enor mity by persuading them that they are irre sponsible for an action they may be commanded, by a superior, to perform, It is a frightful de lusion—it saps the foundation of all morality and religion ; and, more horrible still, it blasts and destroys the soul both here aud hereafter. Yet this was and is the system pursued by th» Jesuits ! Father Ambrose appeared before his General and rendered au account of his 18 years' ser vices. He hanned to him the jewels he had obtained — we have seen in how manly and ere- j « A.% L. l -M. A — . MA AM M .. j j A -A a A A —l 1 I - - A uiiduiu a mauuer — auu urparitu lur ms convem Whether he prayed or not for the soul of Richard Randolph de Morley does not appear. Let us be charitable and express a hope that he did do so, seeing that he was handsomely paid for the purpose. Father Ambrose considered himself well rewarded for his unremitting exertions on behalf of his order by the following valedictory address of his venerated superior : — 44 For the present, brother Ambrose, farewell, bat take wi:h joa the assurance that we hold yo i io he a good and laithful (servant and worthy of the noble work to which you have been called.'' A noble work truly, and as nobly rewarded 1 'The hand that gave those jewele," said Father Am hrose, "way if properlv attended to, be brought to use all its p. wer for us. " Was Father Ambrose correct in his conjec ture ? We shall see. Scaviatoli though ap- apparently listening with supreme indifference did not forget the remark. We now approach the most prominent cha racter in the woik — the person from whom the book derives its name — Father Eustace To do justice to the peculiarities of this extraordi nary individual it is absolutely necessary taat we should quote the nervous description given ofhim by Mrs. Trol'ope.. His interview with Scaviatoli possesses thrilling interest, and we shall insert it at length. It is in this interview iba: the principles of the Jesuits appear in all their naked deformity; and we would earnestly invite the careful attention of our readers to every sentence in the chapter. See Pope Pins' Encyclical Leiter, with reference . to the interpretation of the scriptures in" la9t week's ! Sentinel. One week had elapsed since the old man had received the above friendly .dismissals Scavi&toli; was silling alone, when a young man entered his presence, not by the door through which Father Am brose had been admitted but by that through which he had made bis exit ; and had anv one about two minutes before been passing the door of the little to bacconist's establishment which was situated at the foot of the stairs by which' he mounted, they might have seen a very nice looking young gentleman en ter it, with a pretty little gold snuff-box open in his hand, the emptiness of which fully explained the reason why so well dressed a personage (being a snuff- taker) should be tempted to enter so obscure a chain. " But tbose who saw him enter must have waited till deep midnight before tbey would have seen him come out again ; and even then, bad they seen him, they would have scarcely known him for the same, a priestly slouched hat then covering his young head, and his slight and graceful figure being completely enveloped, and completely concealed by a lare black cloak, whicli tniplit have sc-vod to enwrap cither a sol Iter or a priesi. with equal propriety. There can be no doubt that be entered the prc- serneof the General in strict accordance with the manner prescribed, and the consequence was, that he appeared before him wi.boul having permitted he very slightest sound to herald his approach. " But tne General <>t the Jesuits can never he startled. Were any such symptom o' weakness to be perceptible in h.iu. it might questionless offer one of those ca>es in winch n >t even the head and chief of this holy company is placeu beyond the reach of re monstrance. 44 So Antnnia Scaviatoli, though he beheld this young gentleman standing before him without hav ing heard the slightest sound announcing his ap proach, neither started nor gave any other indication o surprise, when he raised his eyes, and saw him s anding in the space before him. 1 "The young man certainly saluted the General; but it was such a salute as ghost might have ex changed with ghost. The head was bent forward by a slow and solemn movement, and then permitted to rec-ver its usual position. And that was all. 4 Upon this occasion, it was the eye of the visitor which sought the ground; that of Scaviatoli being undisguisedly fixed upon the strangei'o face, with a shady intensity of examination which few men ctuld have undergone without shrinking; yet the young man sto >d it without apparent emotion, and might, indeed, from the downward direction of his eye, have been supposed unconscious of it, had not something in his physiognomy indicated a species of sensibility,, that suggested the idea of bis feeling rather than seeing the searching glance of his superior. " This pantomime lasted for a minute or two, and then ended by Scaviatoii's saying, in a gentle tone, ' Sit down.' The voice of the Jesuit General, though ever clear and distinct, was never loud; but now it had an in flection thai almost seemed to betoken kindness, and it the reverend father was. a man in whom kindness might he generated by beauty and seetues9 of coun tenance, it could hardly be but he must have felt it then. The young man who had thus presented himself before hi n was about twenty-seven or twenty-eight years ol age, a little above the middle height, and rather slightly formed ; ea«y aud graceful in his car riage, v.nd bearing very decidedly the aspect and air of a gentleman. His conn enance was one of very rem >rkahle beauty ; the features exquisitely formed, and t> e larg , Ion.', dark blue eye, with its rich black eye-lashes and delicately fo.-med eye-brow, might have vied with any in the woild either in shape, color, or exptessnn, The fo-m of his head, also, was ot rare beauty, and the d irk brown curls which nature seemed to have arranged expressly to preserve its small classic outline, set close, but without looking crepu. No' was it possible, when his glo«-e was withdrawn, to avoid remarking the singulaily sym- metricifurm of lis hand, and the almost feminine delicacy of its color. Vandyke rausi have hid some such model, when he fi<si learned to draw the perfect type which he has left to teach the world what tne hand of a gentleman ought to be. 44 And yet, despite of all this, it must have been an eye that hardly deserve! the privilege of looking at him, which could have tell this uncommon perfection of face and form lo be the greatest attraction his as pect possessed. No ; it was, it must have been, the ming:ed expression of goodness and intelligence, which seemed to d-veil in every feature, and look out from those indescribable eyt-9, which caused the iron m.m in whose presence the young stranger siood, to throw upon hint a glance that had neither severity nor suspicion in i». 44 The young man oheyad the command he had receiver', and placed lumseli in the chair thai seemed ready for him, The light which entered from the window behind the supeno s chair (ell upon his face, and no painter could have desired an a<rangemeni more favorable for the s udy of a head than thai which Scaviatoli now enjoyed. And during the minute or two o' profound silence which followed, ihere was every reason to suppose that he took ad vantage of it; for his eye, no longer commencing with the ground, was fixed upon the inau before him, as earnestly as if his own safety in this world and the next depended u| on the accuracy of the observations he was then making. Th's silence was at length Iroken by the Jesiit General, who said, 'Your name, I think, is Edward S'ortnent V ' ' It is, father,' was the reply. 4- 4 Your conventual appellation, Father Eus tace ? ' 44 4 Yes, father.' 44 ' Are you at all acquainted with the object for which you have been summoned fiom your convent to Rome " 1 only know that it is your will that I should be here. It is well, brother Eustace, — it is ell that I should myself explain to jou the business upon which you are >o be employed. It is one ol great moment; and when 1 tell you that the ir.terv s:s of tne company are deeply implicated in its success, I cannot doubt that you will enter upon it with all the ardour of a good and fa th'ul servant ; for as such, brother Eustace, you have bepn represented to me.' 44 As Scavi t >li spoke these words, his pale and earnest e e contr.cied itself, as if still more favorably to take advantage o' the light, in order to read the < o inti notice of his compan ©o. The tone in which the reply was made was one of deep solemnity, and the expiession of Ihe beautiful features corresponded with it. The words of the reply were these- — » ' By the blessing o God, I trust that Those who have so reported me will die in the conviction that their words wete true,' And then ag»in followed a short interval of silence, during wtucn ine eyes ot rattier austace were again fixed upon the -ground, . while those of the General were riveted upon his face 44 At length Scaviatoli again spoke, and said, 4 As you hope for the salvation of your tool/answer truly and without subterfuge <o the questions I a-o about to ask you.' 44 Tne young man then raised his eyes to the supe rior, and replied, with a look and accent which spoke tne most pure and loy.il truth, 1 Father, 1 will 1 '"As God shall help you in your hour of need, you will ?' «e iterated Staviaioli, looking as it seethed into 'he very depth of the young man's soul, as he again awiited lus answer 44 4 So help me God, I will 1" rep'ied Father Eus tace, and the deeply specu ative eye of his supe'ior read in every lineament of that expres-ive face, th»t hese awlul words were uttered ni:h all the simpli city, ami a l the solemnity 0' nutli. 44 4 Is i your conviction, b'oiher, that as a ptiest and a Jestiii, ynu are hound, as you v.ilue the safety ol your immortai soul, to advance and main tain the interest of the holy Company of Jesus under ail circums ances, and in drfiince ol every ob stacle ? ' ' 4 It is.' 44 4 Is it your conviction that thus, and thus only, \ ou the m.:»t certainly and righteously act for the glory of God 1" 44 4 It is.' 44 4 Is it your conviction that it is your doty, in all that concerns the interes's of the Company of Jesus, ann the glory of God identified with it, to abdicate ail individual will, all individual judgment, aud to live, think, speak, and act, wholly, solely, and with out reservation, according to the judgment and the commands of your supeiiors ?' 44 4 It is,' replied Father Eustace, firmly ; and the words were spiken with more ot warmth aud energy ban any he had before uttered, as if he found com fort and consolation in thus proclaiming the result of long thought and deep and conscientious conviction. 44 Do you feel; in the inmost recesses of your soul, any fear, that were you to find yourself in circum stances wherein the ordinary bias of jour temper might lead you to act one way, while the commands of your snperior dictated a line of conduct that your feelings and previously formed opinions might disap prove, and thereby render it more egreeable for you io act in another — do you, in your secret soul, feel any fear, that under such circumstances your spirit would rebel, and lead you to do that which you (ancied to be right, (as many sinning mortals have done for their own glory,) instead of that which might be com manded by your superiors, for the glory of God ? 44 4 Father ! I have no such fear I' replied the young monk, with the same earnest air ofundoubting conviction and unshrinking zeal as before ; and hav ing spoken these words, he pressed the palms of his hands together, dropped his head upon his breast, closed his eye9, and moved his lips, as if speaking ; but no sound was uttered by nim, yet none couin d ubt who looked upon him that he was occupied in praver. 44 Scaviatoli 9a gazing at him wiih intense interest, arid remained as motionless as himself; but when, alter the interval of about a minute, Father Eustace made the sign ol the cross upon his breast, and then looked up; he met a less iron look Torn Scaviatoli man was oiten encountered by those who held com munion wi--h him. 44 4 Brother I I oelieve you,' said lhe General, with emphasis, 44 and ere we part, you shall receive such proof that I do, as none may hope for, whose zeal for the glory of God speaks not by words and looks as plainly as it does in you. But before I proceed to explain to you the undertaking about to be entrusted to your care, I shall freely display to you, as to a tried ;aDil true brother of our holy Company, the condition in which we now stand. You could not, Brother Eus tace, have reached the blessed state of mind in which you now are, had you not already attained to a high and a just estimate of the great and glorious object of our institution. Many godly associations have been formed before the Company of Jesus existed, many truly pious men have banded themsilves to. gether in holy uuion, in the hope of exalting the names of God, of our Lord, and of the Blessed Virgin upon earth, aud of thereby finding for them selves the lasting joys ot heaven. That many among them have deserved and obtained the glorious rank of saints and martyrs, is most true, and each in their degree were good and useful servants to the Lord ol Hosts. But as the Messiah was long wailed for, and sent at last, so also was it long, much longer still, ere it seemed good in the counsels of the Most High to send the Founder of the Company of Jesus to teach to men the great secret by which (despite the hourly increasing sins of the hourly increasing world, and despite the ceaseless machinations of the evil spirit to boot) the word, the law, and the will of God, shall grow, strengthen, spread, and prosper Mnon Vi anon fill ilia Qrnnrlintr n f ftio f rn m not U|lt>u UUl IU| ""V»I V '"V w. VI vuv vi univvf that shall at las4, call His own from among the dead, and give them their allotted places in everlasting glory!" These words were spoken as none but a Scaviatoli could have spoken them. There were none of the ordinary symptoms of self- seeking authority, or of presumptuous cant. It was as if a voice from Heaven made itself heard through his lips, for the express purpose of preparing the young Jesuit brother for so ne enterprise upon which the fate of millions hung. Father Eustace felt a thrilling tremor shoot through his frame. For a moment after Scaviatoli had ceased to speak, he continued to gaze upon him in silence, and then pronounced, almost in whisper, 44 What secret, father?" Again there was a pause; the eyes of the Jesuit General were fixed upou the floor. He seemed as if he were meditating upon his answer, or, at any rate, upon the form of it. At length, however, lie again looked up, and replied. 44 It is not, and it must not be given to all men, Brother Eustace, to know this secret. But it is at this moment given to me to be lieve that you are. one of those to whom it maybe confided. The holy men who have, before the insti tution of our order, associated themselves together utiderdifferenl religions rules and denominations, as w lias those who have cuntinued to do so since, without being in community with us, have had, and still h-.ve, 1 doubt not, much merit. But though I am far -from intending to say that they Jive without God in the world, I have no scruple in declaring that they have been, and are, permitted to Jive without the'use or one of those attributes ol the Godhead which is the most essential to the well-being of every association having the gloiy of God for its object. Our secret, Brother Eustace, lies in one single word, and that word is, Wisdom.'' Father Eustace listened, as if the words thus spoken to him were indeed words ol wisdom ; nay, as if all wisdom, short of divine, hung upon the lips which uttered them. Yet though the general had ceased, lie answered not, but seemed to listen still And he was right, for Scaviatoli had more to say. 44 There is one phrase of Holy Wri, Brother Eus tace," he resumed, 44 which all have listened to, but lew have understood. Our glorious founder was, I conceive, the first to whom it was given fully to com preheud the mysterious words, 4 be ye wi«e as serpents;' He understood them, and left h:s inter pretation oi them as a legacy to the Company of Jesus for ever !" 44 Blessed be his name !'' ejaculated Father Eustace. 44 Amen !" rejoined Saviatuii. 44 Yea, and it shall be blessed ! It is this legacy, Brother Eustace," he continu.d, which has kept us together, even as one man, amidst persecutions, hatreds, backhitings, and slanders numerous as the stars of heaven. It has support! d us through long ages of warfare, desperate and unrelenting enough to liuve scattered to the four winds of heaven every other association that ever was formed by man. But lo ! it hath not availed to scatter us ! Are we not each and all of us bound in an adamantine cha:n, brie h t as the Faith which forged it, and enduring as the God for whose glory it is worn ? And whencp arises this almost miraculous endurance, this decidedly more than human strength ? Why have all other earth-born constitutions rusted, withered, dwindled, and worn themselves away, even as the organised clay of which our mortal bodies are composed, and this alone — this thrice holy Company of Jesus endured? Sny, why is it so? Speak, Brother Eustace; I wish to hear you speak of this." The young man started at this appeal. His whole soul seem d to have settled in his eyes and ears and as he gazed and listened, he became so fixed and motionless, that one might fancy he was turned to stone; but stone tor ever doomed to bear the im press of the words and thoughts which it was the will of the powerful being in whose presence he found himself, to stamp upon him. " Speak, Brother Eustace!" repeated Scaviatoli. 44 Father!" replied Eustace, 44 1 have no power to speak! No power— none, to do justice to the deep jut ni/i 1 1 < nrlvifiK T foo I 4 lin t I It <> n t »#> I, am vu' v» uivij a itvi tuai iu<3 sitcuiu UJJSIC" riously vested in us is from Heaven ! Teach me, oh ! teach me. so to. act. to think, to fee, as may to your wisdom appear best ! Teach me, as a most humble portion of this wondrous machine, so to perform the work allotted to. me, as to assist and not impede its movements ! 1 have will, steadfast and earnest to obey, but not for my soul's safety dare I trust myself to decide what I ought, or what 1 ought not to do!" It was not now- merly a look of kindness which softened the usually stern expression ol the Jesuit General's countenance ; admiration, and a sort of bland, confiding love, seemed beaming from every feature; and .-he exclaimed, in a tone of voice as unlike, in its a most impassioned eagerness, to the slow and measured accents which usually fell from him, as was the aflectiona'e expression of his eye to the cold and quiet sternness that was its ordinary character, ''There spake a Jesuit brother, worthy of tne nume, and w.irluy of the work ! Brother Eus tace! it is only because the God for whose glory alone we live— it is only because He has ordaineo, expressly ordained, from age torgs that such men, as you ate should be born ; it is ml/ because of and by means of this, that the Holy Company of Jesus still exists ! Brother Eustace ! it is this merging ol all men's minds in one— it is this unseen, unknown, hnguessed-al unity of purpose, which has made, and which shall make, the Company of Jesus as lasting as the solid earth itself. Read the varied pages ot this world's history. You are permitted, you arc enjoined to do it. What will jou fiod there ? Records ol principalities and powers; records of dynasties, lasting and powerful as the wit of man could make them. Where are they now ? Look at the favored East — read of its power and its learning. Look at the mighty North — read of its vigorous strength. Look at the new-born West — read of its ricketty activity, and its abortive emulation. Nay, look at the more holy South. Dare to look steadily even at the holy seat itself! Whisper it not beyond these sheltering walls, but " and here Scaviatoli lowered his voice to a deep whisper, " hut Eustace ! brother 1 can we look steadily at that holy seat and uot perceive thai it is tottering? Eustace again pressed his palms toge' er, and permitted his lips io move iu prayer, while his beau tiful head was lowly bent upon his kieast. 44 Look up, 'my brother!" cried Scaviatoli, cheerily 44 Look up! nor fear that the church of Christ shall perish from the earth so long as the Company ol Jesus shall endure ! Never, no, never shall it perish, while there are spirits such as thine to watch for, aud to work for, its Heaven-protected interests! Read, I say to you, read this world's history; read it with that all-blessed and all-piercing wisdom of | the serpent, which the messenger of God himself en- j joined us to employ, but of which our deathless i Loyola alone understood the value. Read with this I wisdom, Eustace, and you will perceive why it is I tnat all the noblest institutions of man have perished and are perishing. Power and splendour, wealth and fame, have all been sought for, all been found, aud have fallen away from the races and the dynas- ties which sought and found them, like the fleeting colours of the unsubstantial bow, that for a moment looks like a glory joining heaven to earth, and then fades into a misty cloud, its brightness remembered but as a dream! Why i9 this, Eustace? Why has no power yet been found capable of continuity and endurance ? Brother, there is no such power on earth save one. Each man that you shall read of, struggling for greatness, strangling for renown, thought of and cared for himselt ; all save the Jesuit. He, he alone has found the secret of uniting all will, all strength, all power, into one. Strange, that a truth which may be illustrated by so muuy cases, familiar to all the different races of men, should never have been systematically acted upon, save by Ignatius Loyola! Strange, that he, and his faithful followers only should have received sufficient intel lectual light, to know that unless all men can learn to merge their wills into that of one, the whole mass makes but a rope of sand ! Eustace, what would an army be, if every separate soldier thought it bis duty to reason on the manoeuvre he was commanded to perform? All the nations of the earth can see this, but they cannot see that power, real, sterling, effec- live power, can only exist in a banded multitude, throughout which individual judgment has ceased to struggle against authority. Tell me, dear brother, do you not feel that it is so ?" To doubt it, father," replied Eustace,44 would be to Blide Irnm off the solid rock on which it is our pri vilege to stand. To disobey this fundamental rule, would be an impious act of Jesuit suicide '' 44 Your words' dear Eustace, fully justify the high esteem iu which vour superiors hold you," replied Scavia:oii, affectionately. 44 But let me go one step farther. Having, by the especial blessing of God, and for his especial glory, thus reasonably, piously, and devoutly brought yourself to the excellent state of mind you have so well described, let me ask you, father, whether you believe yourself sufficiently strong in faith, to obey to the letter all the instruc tions that may be given you, whether the acts en joined appeared to you good or evil ?" 44 Father !" replied the young monk, again, and I "J V vi U 11 vtl 1 1 1 j tto 11 5v6UiwUj ttbbUluing cll UH1- tude of prayer, 44 I trust that my laith is, and will ever be, sufficiently strong to prevent my being con scious that 1 have any judgment at all in matters wherein I have the blessed privilege of looking to my superiors for instruction and bending himself with an action in which youthful grace and youth ful modesty were beautifully blended, he again traced upon his breast the figure of the cross. Scaviatoli rose from bis chair, and stretching out his arms towards the young man, as in the act of bestowing a benediction, pronounced the words, 44 of such are the kingdom of Heaven." Greatly affected, both by the action and the words, Father Eustace beut his knee, and then eieived from the General's lips a formal lenedicith, whicli was both spoken and listened to with impressive solemnity. Scaviatoli having reseated himself, and caused Eu6tacef by an action of the hand, to do the same, be resumed the coversation in a more familiar tone, by saying, " 1 wish you to tell me, brother Eustace, a little more about ycur parentage than I have vet learnt. 1 am aware, although you speak Italian so nearly like a native, that you a<e tramontane, and of an Irish lamily, if I mistake not. 44 Yes, reverend father," replied the young man, "my mother was of noble Irish blood, and my father, though only a soldier of fortune, was well con nected also. But the early death of both has effec tually severed me irom the land in which I was born." 44 But you still speak its language fluently, do you not ?" demanded ScaviatOii, in a manner that showed he. lelt some interest in the reply. 44 Assuredly. I still feel, both m speaking and writing, that it is my mother tongue," returned En- stuce. 44 That is as 1 would have it, it is of considerable importance to the object I haye in view that it should be so," said Scaviatoli, ' Young as you are, Brother Eustace, I need hardly tell you that the interests of the Company of Jesus are deeply, I might say vitally, concerned in the great enterprise to which its atten tion is now m >re than ever directed, namely, the quietly spreading its own peculiar and most able system of education over the whole earth. Neither need 1 point out to you, that in this hold and blas phemous age It is absolutely necessary to keep this object secret. These two tacts together explain, easily enough, the reason why, notwithstanding our vow of poverty, the Society is so earntstly bent upon acquiring money. Not even our worst enemies accuse us of sloth, or luxuiy ; our members are not left sufficiently to their own human weakness to ren der such a charge tenable. With us, discipline sup plies the want of mental firmness, wherever such want occurs. And this we may safety boast, with out fear of contradiction, that individual love of wealth, that lowest and vilest snare, employed by the devil to ealrnp the soul of man, is removed from our path. We hunger and thirst after wealth, only as ampins of righter nsness and usefulness ; as, for instance, in this matter of education. Other bodies of men, when they profess to devote themselves to this important task, look to the pecuniary reward which they are to receive for it; but in nine cases out of ten, Brother Eustace, the teachers belonging to the holy Company of Jesus find themselves obliged to cx> cute their important mission in secret. They say not, 1 am a Jesuit, and I keep a school! The corrupt condition of the still struggling world for bids this, save in a few blessed instances ; and there- tore is it, that instead of receiving money as a reward for the holy task of leading sinful souls to righteous ness, we are forced to disburse it largely, in order to obtain the opportunities we require for perform ing i'. You comprehend me, Brother Eustace ?" 44 Assuredly, holy lather I" replied the youug man, reverently. 44 Well then, dear brother, I may now proceed to tell you that the mission upon which your are about to be despatched is twofold in its object; lor it em braces the hope of recovering a race who formerly lived for the glory of God, and which is now turned away to the worst, and most damnable heresy ; and also ot obtaining the command of a property to which we have the most unquestionable right, but which is uuw wiuiucm iruiii us vy tuipiuuo taws auu nupiuus force. Is there enough of holy usefuluess, dear brother, in such a task as this, to enable you to con. quer, overthrow, aud trample upon, all the short sighted no. ions of worldly right and worldly wrong, which are so apt to cling to the heart in youth " — so apt to cling, dear Eustace, it not driven thence by the elevating consciousness that every act in which individual will is crushed, aud individual judgment put lo sleep, as a higher and nobler offering to the glory of God than ail the paltry little efforts ever made by man, to do what iu bis shallow wisdom he .thought right. 'rell me, my brother, has this solemn, this alLimportant truth entered into your soul ?" 44 Father !" replied Eustace, with an earnestness which caused his lips to tremble, "if I have the power of reading my own inmost thoughts and feelings,! would auswer, yes ! I feel my own perilous weakness in a thousand ways 1 1 feel thai, which I have been taught to know as the snare which Satan best loves .-to spread lor us; I leel for ever a longing desire to do what I myself fancy, to be right, and feeling this, I tremble, wi h just terror, at the abyss before m; ! Where can I find refuge from this damning sin? — where seek protection from its eternal punishment, save iu Dending to the dust befo-e the Heaven-or dained power that c.iu turn our weakness into strength ? Had I not this shield to shelter me," ad ded the young monk, with deep emotion, 44 1 should not only be tne most weak, but the most wretched, of created beings." 4 But with it, my dear brother, you may safely breast and brave ail that the evil one can do to tempt you," said Scaviatoli. "Yield to his paltry tempta tions in lesser matters, yield, and humbly own the weakness that unresisted leaves you powerless. There is more righteousness in such avowal, my good Eustace, than in all the efforts ever made by men to prove the contrary. Obey and you are safe." The young man raised his eyes to heaven, and clasped his hands in fervent thankfulness, as he lis tened to this assurance. His superior again smiled kindly on him and stretching outjhis hands toward: him, took one of his between them, and pressing it af fectiunately, said— 44 Eustace, you are worthy to be a Jesuit? Coulc I find any words that could more strongly expresi approval of the spirit you display. I would use them But I know none such. F are well, my. brother ; you must leave me now. You have been excited, and it'1 is not at -this moment that I could enter with advan tage upon the task of explaining to yon at large the duties you will have to perform. Go forth dear brother. The sun will soon shed its setting beams- over the Campagna. Go to Saint John Laterau— kneel before its high altar, and pray for steadfast faith and unshrinking obedience. Then take your stand' upon the steps of the western portico, and as you loofif out upon the mass of heavenly splendour that shall meet your gaze, ask your own heart if there is ought among its fund aud fluttering impulses holy enough to win for you a place of endless blessedness, amidst glory of which the blaze you look upon is bat a feeble type! Ask yourself this, and you will feel the Hea ven- sent doctrine of obedience to be the only staff on which to rest your hope.' The young monk received these words as if they had been sent from Heaven ; he uttered no sound in reply, but bowing low, retreated backwards with more genuine reverence than ever counier felt, and left the presence of the Jesnit General. We defer the observations tve intended to have made oa this quotation till our next publication. (To be contiuued.) 