;';' ';. TWS M A jí'í A N. :l. ' ALL-INFLUENCED BY NONB. ' > y*mn JULY 30, 1847. A' THERE is the following "passage in Sir William Denison'» speech to the convention cfjgçotle.meh whotn,wp have no doubt his Excellency fully and conscientiously believed ie JiaxLauthority to invest with the appoint- ment of Councillors. 'Vii' lu making the'redactions in the estimates I have been very much guided by the views of an honourable member whose knowledge of financial matters will «ot be disputed by anyone." .. We'belieftherVis âo,passage in his Ex- cellency's speech which meets with the con concurrienceicf ¡the whole colony more than the'aboVe reference to Captain Swanston. It is the 'general wish to see him in his place in thè('Counéil",tp| himself superintend his own financial arrangements. The legal sitting members are only ac- tuated by al desire to maintain their own just rights, «without any feelings whatever of a personal natara. vThey are sensible of fi^re^^^^enience w.hich must arjse from the* colony remaining for at' least a" Jyeaj iwithoiit jo Iáegjslature. They have every wish to avoid to the Governor whht <{keyXeéea«óhldibe^to^himt a disagreeable necessity of either calling them to their law ¡ftypjHwiessed JçêâtsiÇ'or' of incurring ¡the i^poqñbuUjy^of ¿topping the legislative re o^Uireuentsóf iiheiooid'ny. I In .order,to reT medy auch great evils, which would subject the/colony tothe reproach of th» whole civilised worlup they would cheerfully place their «eats at bia Excellency'! disposal, upon the sole condition that his Excellency would select any five gentlemen in the whole co- lony, unconnected with the present unfor tunatesbut ibitter contention?,^ They make ¿n'express exception from this 'condition' in respect to Captain Swanston, who, we believe, would, rejoicevas<beartily'as any1 colonist in the whole island "at being" freed from party connexion of any sort. What possible objection can his Excel- lency have to the adoption of a measure so entirely calculated to put>n end to dissen tion, relieve his own mind from the most embarrassing difficulty, and promote gene- rally the advantage of the"community î H is Excellency onlydeceives himself if he hopes that hë'bas satisfactorily to himself patched up the self-evident illegality of the compo- sition of the Council. Even the by " power without authority" seated members thetn selves laugh at the bizarrerie of their own position. There is only one method in .which his Excellency can render his Coun- cil legal ; it is the course we have respect- fully, and with the sincerest wish to ensure his Excellency's tranquillity, presumed to recommend. Tt must be evident to his Ex- cellency's acknowledged naturally excellent ^understanding and highly cultivated mind, that no bolstering up can remedy an origi- nal remediless defect.^ The few words we said in our postscript of Thursday are unan- swerable. Of what value is the resignation of a member who is himself illegally ap- pointed-who is himself only the shadow of aghoät? If Sir Eardley Wilmot's Coun- cil was illegal, of what value are amend- ments of their illegal acts? Carry that argument a little further, and let his Excel- lency ascertain whether there is a singlemem ber of Council, (Captain Swanston and the other remaining original members excepted) whose appointment is, according to the new reading of the Act of J'arliament now, legal ! His Excellency will find that the persisting in one blunder in any given matter invariably impels the com- mittal of others, until at last the whole affair in question becomes a conglomeration of blunders, 'as is in fact the unfortunate Council affair. But is there no one of Sir Eardley Wilmot's members appointed " in the place of another ?" < Let his Excellency enquire. We are convinced his Honor the Chief Justice has never revoked his calm-well considered decision. We are convinced that his Honor never will sanction any pro- ceeding whatever of a body of gentlemen, who, we again repeat our former expres- sion, have no more authority, to assume to be legislators than 'would have any six of the soldiers of the garrison ordered by Colonel Hulme to do duty as> Legislative Councillors. His Excellency the Goveinor will certainly not lose an atom of his weight with the colonists by at once adopting the only measure which can relieve him from I the weight of the difficulty which oppresses i him-the at once casting off all pre-formed | sympathies and prejudices-accepting the liberal offer of the lawful sitting members to resign in favour of successors taken (rom the body of the colonists, unconnected with I any party. 1 !" // '' We shall resume this' exciting subject on Tuesday. '. WE have received more than one com- munication requiring explanation bow it happens that, while we have at least ener- getically adopted the legal claims of the six "Wilmot" members to seats in the Legislative Council, they have themselves exhibited a very reprehensible apathy. We are unable to account for it. We can only say that those who will not help themselves have little claim to be helped by others. The public have certainly an unquestionable right to see that an illegal convention, pre- tending to be a Legislature, is properly re- sisted by a Press which does its duty, from even attempting to put forth valueless pieces of paper which they, might call laws,'but which would not bind any member of the community. Still the total neglect which the lawful members of the Legislature have exhibited in support of the lawful rights of the people to have the benefit of lawful or- dinances of Government is not very much calculated to cement that interest in their favor which Englishmen always feel towards those whom they consider rightfullyresisting power without authority. The friends of the lawless attempt of a convention to force itself upon the colony have circulated a new " dodge," with which to seek to impose upon those who are weak enough to consider that positiveness of as- sertion covers defect of proof. They say that, inasmuch as the present Governor an-j nounced in the Gazette that the Queen had! disallowed the late Governor's nominatiopl of six gentlemen to succeed to " the place' and stead" of six other gentlemen who had! resigned, that thereby the present Governor was invested with the authority to make six new appointments. Indeed these arguers went at first a little farther ; until they found that his Excellency had himself settled that " dodge " they asserted that the Queen had not accepted the resignations of the gentle ,men who tendered them.to,the late Go- vernor, and that therefore those gentlemen could resume, their seats. Unfortunately for thiB ' attempt, the present Governor settled that point (if any settling was ne- cessary, which' it obviously was not, the late Governor having not only accepted the ten- dered resignations,'but appointed successors, as the law expressly empowered him to do) by Gazetting the re-appointed gentlemen as new members appointed by him to replace themselves, which of course, if there teas no other objection, is practically, impossible, for by what possible process can any man replace himself,' either in " a seat" or other- wise, ¡ ^This "dodge," however, the Go- vernor himself having in the Gazette shown to-be unattemptable, the friends of the "in-1 trusorès" assert that they have the authority of the Attorney-jGeqeral for another. Now, before we mention what theassertéd "dodge" js, vje, think it: only just,,to. the-Attorney-' General to state that we are perfectly con- vinced.he¿never, gaye, any, the very ghost-' the shadow of a ghost authority for the' use ofihisinarae in ,the> way} it has beenusçd.' It is impossible ! The pretence is that her ^Majesty not having (according to the Ho-! bart Town Gazette)' approved Sir Eardley WilmotV nominatiojDsl/tha^tVéy5 became' t&erefore; defonct/'ancl thfttt Sir ïWilliaifl Denison had authority to substitute for tied other nominations. Now, as we have said, it is utterly impossible fojr thé^Attorney General 'to have said anything' in the least resembling this. ''The Act'of ^Parliament distinctly states,rtthat any nomination of the Lieutenant-Governor' in Buccéssioñ'-to're- signation shall continue untouched until the Sovereign shall make other nominations by warrant under the sign manual. This so completely decides the matter, that we shall only again say that the use which has been made of the Attorney» General's name is " too bad." Wa believe there is no longer the smallest hope of transportation to this island Being continued. Britain cannot"afford to pay £2000 a-day for its criminals, when com- mon sense shows its Government that these criminals, who are expatriated for ever at such au immense cost, can he employed with equal advantage to themselves and to V the country in their native land. The ng& f ^ fortune is, that neither the great colo'^^ nor this^ittle knot of land, knocked by some convulsion of nature from its southern ex- tremity, knew how to make the most of pri- soner labour while we possessed it. Ame- rica knew better, and by it was laid the foundation of a mighty empire; while we in Australasia were making experiments upon " prison discipline," thinking of the effect which ten or at the Antipodes would have upon London thieves 16,000 miles off. If we had only taken so much trouble in im- proving our country as we did in experi- menting upon the art of tormenting, we should be a full century in advance, and this while John Bull was taxed to pay the expense of our "operations. Not that the patient animal is a single whit the wiser for all the millions he has expended upon trans- porting his vagabond sons, but he begins to feel the expense of it, and therefore to open his eyes to the fact that he had much better employ them usefully at home. In the course of the discussion which was carried on so warmly, although with so much talent, be- tween Sir George Arthur and Archbishop Whateley, the former exalted personage once told the writer of them that his greatest astonishment was, that the enlightened men who looked forward so far into the errors of the transportation system, did not look farther, and see what a fearful remedy for them England had in its own hands-" co- lonization at home." We believe that emi- nent personage has perfectly arranged a splendid plan for colonization ; but as Eng- land has now decided to colonize for her- self, it is useless to speculate upon her colo- nizing in Van Diemen's Land, the inha- bitants of which island must now make the most of her own folly. While there is not a man of either sense or feeling amongst us, who does not fully go along with Mr. Pitcairn,in all his rea- soning as to the evils of this island being the sole repository for all the criminals of the empire, yet many of them fear that he underrates the difficulties which the island will have to encounter in overcoming them. We have already in a preceding article com- mented shortly upon the want of labour and upon the want of money, which must as- suredly be felt. Let us now look fairly and dispassionately upon the prospect which opens before us. It is palpable and notorious that we have neither manufactures nor trade, the only sort of which latter we possess is the sending from Launceston about half a million of bushels of wheat annually to the adjacent colonies, where it is exchanged either for other articles of colonial consumption, or sold for money. If the supply of labour was continued to us, so as that we might ensure this little market, little as it is, it would, nevertheless, keep up the name. It is not denied by the anti- transportationists that for some years the supply of labour must gradually fall until having reached a minimum, and the people having been taught by the pressure of difficulty how indeed to become colonists in part as well as in name, those who will have survived the " transi- tion period" will be enabled to go on under the new system, which will have been by that time established. We bave heard it asserted that this island having suryived all hitherto competition, during which the in- habitants haye indulged in every descrip- tion of European extravagance, they will be enabled to contrive ..the better, and to conquer in the strùtfgle. t It is also said that we haveureen..njew colonies arise around us and prosper,/without what the father of the colony, the veteran Mr. Kemp, used to say were the great sinews of colonial prosperity-the command of land, labour, and money. But it is forgotten that those '^ój^oies were enabled to so establish them» ,8ejv.eii, in consequence of large and opulent {«migration of the better ordçr of,persons, or in "consequence of one of, them being of a .nature so propitious to the increase of stock that the people of this island became so large purchasers rof land, which'become its staple commodity. What shall we in Van Diemen's Land haye to óaer'foWsale to the adjacent colonies ? Wheat they already sell in their own markets at a less price than we can produce it. Meat, generally speaking, we are compelled to import for our own consumption, and every shilling'our wool and our oil will obtain for us will go for ob- taining' those now become neceisn\es of life, none of which we have attempted either to produce ourselves, orí to substitute clothing, iron, tea, and sugar. * Of spirits, tobacco, wine, and other poisons and luxu- ries, we say nothing, because the colonists I may assure themselves that in a very short 'time the,revenue, which is now derived i from duties upon those articles, will haye to be'provided for by direct1 taxation.' An«^ how is this to be paid ? , Can the already^ | mortgaged landholders'contribute one shil- ling? hei them answer for themselves. Can Yfethen afford to supporta civil estab- lishment which, at the reduced estimate published1 Jby *he' 'Governor J on» Tuesday, amounts to not quite'£l 20,000 per annum? Again we ask, where is it to come from? Even while we'possessed a British expendi- ture of'£5 an h'ouri day andnight, it was with difficulty produced!, ¿Rmrflf} are told .distinctly that we are npt, to have one shilling »from Epglaqd, what wiU.not be the difficulty of raising any revenue at all, every.farthing ofowhichYmuBt come, opt, a» at presentf)un felt and unsted from,, dut les, but from OUT fpvn pocket«, bydîret&taxat;ëo'rfl^TliM^ biít'a gloomy prospectar the future; but let J a"vonebfthesaPgolne"Times Telescopers" f the future, point out from what sources a more satisfactory gueyan be hoped for, *"dwe shall most cheerfully'acknowledge our error, and unite in the endeavour, to "i.tuin its realization. We ask^of Mcwilliam* Robertson and other mercantile men of the metropolis who have so warmly adopted the system of placing our dépendance on our own re- sources, whether they can hope to maintain their estabjishnients in their present splendid condition,'depending upon those resources alone ? We ask of them whether, supposing that the Commissary-General and the Con- troller- General are indeed their great rivals ¡n trade, under the respectable firm of Messrs. Maclean and Hampton, as a Minis- terial contemporary so waggishly advertises for them, they do not derivo a very large profit from the sale of slops and other com- modities' for domestic use, furnished to em i. .-^c^f the ten thousand convicts, male anV-^aie/now *n P"vale 8erv'ce» f°r their consumption? We further ask of them, whether they calculate upon any improve- ment in their respective trades when there shall be no convict servants to supply, and the scarcity of other servants must of course limit the trade in furnishing them. WE make the following extract from a letter, the writer of which possesses perhaps as good political information as can be re- ceived. It is dated 19th March, 1847 : "The official answer from the three northern powers_Austria, Russia, and Prussia-has been received by Lord Palmerston, to the state- ment transmitted by his Lordship as to the in- tentions of England in respect to the Spanish marriage. The Northern Powers state dis- tinctly that, although they have never recog- nised Queen Isabella, and never will, yet/they heartily coincide with all that Lord Palmerston expresses to be the feelings of the English court in respect to the trickery practised upon Eng- land by France. There is every reason to be heve that the ministers are determined to resist any insulting measure which may be offered by Louis Philippe1, and the publication of the me- morial of the Due de Nemonrs, recommending the immediate equipment of the Toulon fleet, and the putting the whole coast from the Belgic to the Spanish ports 'in a state of defence against hostility,' is considered highly insulting. Thus war is by no means improbable." It would seem that the British ministers are not only fully prepared, but are un- ceasing in their preparations, for this event. Not only are they employing every man the criminal law of England renders available for service on the public works in construct- ing new fortifications, but the following list of the heavier pieces of ordnance, mounted on the batteries of Portsmouth and the adja- cent forts, will afford some idea of the im- portant steps recently taken to place the coast defences of the kingdom in a state of complete efficiency. The list embraces the number of guns, their calibre, and the kind of carriages on which they are mounted, specifying the forts on which they are mounted : Blockhouse Fort: two 56-pounders of 97 cwt., and eight 18-pounders of 42 cwt., on tra- versing platforms; two 8-inch guns of 65 cwt., two 32-pounders of 56 cwt., and six 18-pounders of 42 cwt., on common carriages; thirteen 8- inch guns of 65 cwt., and twenty-four 32- pounders of 56 cwt., on dwarf traversing plat- forms: total, 57.—Fort Monkton: two 56- pounders of 97 cwt., on traversing platforms.— Round Tower: three 8-inch guns of 50 cwt., on common carriages; one 24-pounder of 50 cwt., on traversing platform; two 24-pounders of 50 cwt., on dwarf traversing platforms: total, 6.—Round Tower dependencies: five 8-inch guns of 65 cwt.; four 32-pounders of 56 cwt.; and two 8-inch howitzers on dwarf traversing platforms: total, 11.—Semaphore Tower: three 32-pounders of 56 cwt., on traversing plat- forms.—Sally Port Battery: twelve 8-inch guns of 50 cwt., on dwarf traversing platforms.— Saluting Battery: four 32-pounders of 56 cwt., on common carriages; twelve 32-pounders of 56 cwt., on dwarf traversing platforms: total, 16.—Long Curtain: twelve 32-pounders of 56 cwt., on dwarf traversing platforms.—King's Bastion: two 13-inch mortars; one 32-pounder of 56 cwt., on common carriage; five 32- pounders of 56 cwt., on dwarf traversing plat- forms: total, 8.—King's Ravelin: six 8-inch guns of 65 cwt., on dwarf traversing platforms. —Spur Redoubt: eight 32-pounders of 56 cwt., on common carriages.—Southsea Castle: twelve 24-pounders of 50 cwt., on common carriages; six 8-inch guns of 65 cwt., and three 24- pounders of 50 cwt., on traversing platforms: total, 33.—Portsmouth Lines: one 32-pounder of 56 cwt.; twenty-four 24-pounders of 20 cwt., and five 24-pounder carronades on common car- riages; one 32-pounder of 56 cwt., and two 8-inch howitzers on traversing platforms, and one 8-inch howitzer on dwarf traversing plat- form: total, 34.—Amherst Redoubt: four 8- inch howitzers on common carriages, and one 8-inch howitzer on dwarf traversing platform: total, 5.—Portsea Lines: sixteen 24-pounders of 20 cwt., on common carriages; five 8-inch howitzers on traversing platforms: total, 21.— Frederick's Bay: twelve 24-pounders of 50 cwt., on common carriages; one 24-pounder of 50 cwt., on dwarf traversing platform: total, 13.— Priddy's Hard Lines: six 24-pounders of 50 cwt., and six 24-pounders of 20 cwt., on com- mon carriages; four 8-inch howitzers on tra- versing platforms: total, 16.—Gosport Lines: eight 24-pounders of 50 cwt., and twenty-nine 24-pounders of 20 cwt., on common carriages; thirteen 24-pounders of 50 cwt., and seventeen 8-inch howitzers on traversing platforms: total, 67.—Grand total of ordnance for Portsmouth, Portsea, &c;, 830 guns. British influence is rapidly superseding French at Constantinople. The efforts made by the Ministers since their accession to office to induce the .Court of the Seraglio to abolish slavery are evidently progressing. The last i information was" compressed into the' following Minute, sent from the Foreign Office to the Morning Chronicle : The Sultan presided at a sitting of the Su- preme Court of Justice, all the ministers and high functionaries of state being present. The Sultan, himself proposed a measure which will This is not indeed a sup pression of slavery altogether, but It is a first step towards it. ' The Koran, it is said, admits of slavery, but it is only in tolerance, for it at the same time recommends enfranchisement of slaves as a meritorious action ; and the rich Musselinen, at their great family festivals, or before setting out an* long journey, and indeed at any important,event L of, their lives, believe they cannot do anything more agreeable to God than to give a slave his freedom. The obsta- cles to general emancipation' arise ra|her from toe customs and;manners of the,,Turks than fromreVgiouSfPrejudicei; and from the moment to« Sultan sou. the example, it,wíll mest with r«Wfjrimitatic.n» '.TheBejr.pf.TttnUJiaaaJready «oohihed ¡alateryjnhis Regency, and Ibrahim .racha, AU his" rrturn jfrom Europa, gay« ir«e dom to all his slaves, without either of these acts producing the least mark of dlsapPlpbanon I in the Musselmen states. All the world'knows that in these states the slaves form a padtßfthe family to which they, belong, and thajtJiaany reach important stations. Kosrew Puturad Hafiz Pacha are freed slaves, so were thy lile Governor of Trebisond, son-ip- law, ofjgultaiv Mahmoud, Haul Pacha, Meberaet lUschid Pacha, Commander-in- Chief of the Arabian Army, and many others. The mother of the Sultan and all his wives were either Georgian or_ Circassian slaves who have been ¿Vfran chised. The , whole question turns o-¥yibV point, that no man can hoVl4\ right ovearafe freedom of a fellow-creatu».? , fyy R\\\ By a return iiidiiinpj^lTÉIÏÏn JT 1« of] Commons on the 23NpMwctt m aantárs that the appalling number cf^ndlOjWp«r sons are in the workhouses ofYondMLnnd 19,000 receive nightly relief frorafhevnous different charitable iqsttWffpss far the! re- ceptions of the,homeless £hd destitute. This is " Happy England^-ÄundodUily ! The Queen is said iÄfcejpfrronic» tVbe enceinte. Her Majesty nWi«. tfnj excursion to visit her private estateyiVIthe asia M)f WTight. A Privy Council wV^weld/tthere, at which most of the Cabinet mehibAB were There is no longer a doubt of Mr. O'Con nell's health preventing him from perhaps ever again entering into public life. He has retired into the most strict privacy at, Hastings on the southern coast of England, and is said to be in a most infirm state, his former "portly " frame having become ¡ care- worn and emaciated to a degree alarm i ing to his friends. Mr. John O'Connell is 1 said to have succeeded to " the lead" of the ' Irish members. The O'connell interest I experienced a rather severe shock in the 1 return of Mr. Monaghan for Galway, de- feating the utmost influence which could be , exerted against it. The preparations for war were proceeding I with the utmost vigour. Upwards of three thousand convicts were employed in the islands of Jersey and Guernsey, to the great satisfaction of the inhabitants, who find a government expenditure of near two hundred pounds per diem contribute vastly to their advantage. Not so the people of the little penal settlement of Van Diemen's Land, who petition the Government, stating their *' ardent desire" that an expenditure of one thousand pounds per day may be withdrawn from them. We fear that our departure from generally established principles will not turn out for our eventual prosperity. It is reported at the clubs that the Whig Ministry will be opposed by three different sects, who will however take the divisions upqn every Act in'combination, whenever a combined movement is necessary for ope- ration against the common enemy : Firstly.-Sir Robert Peel's division, cal- culated at 160, who are attached to the ex-Premier personally, and will stick to him on all questions. The " whippers-m" of the I division are Mr. Young, ex-Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Cardwell, ditto, and Mr. Bonham, ex-Ordnance man-of-all- work. Secondly.-The regular protectionists, or landed interest, who take the field deter- mined to maintain " protection." This di- vision is headed by Lord Stanley in the Lordsrby Lord G. Bentinck in the Commons, and is calculated at 220 strong, with a cer | tainty of being strongly reinforced at the dissolution. I Thirdly.-The Irish members and old Radicals. This division calculate upon mus- tering 300, headed by Mr. Smith O'Brien and Mr. Hume. It is thus seen that should the united dis- sentients from the Russell Ministry act cor- dially together upon any occasion, they have the power to oust the Whigs, who can never, Ministerial influence included, muster 350. The 'Standard and Morning Post assert broadly that Lord John Russell will be de- feated upon the very first trial of strength which shall be brought forward. The great difficulty will be in selecting such a question as shall unite the three divisions of opposi- tion. Perhaps some such question may do it. Ireland, until a real " Union" is effected will continue to be the great " difficulty" of any Administration., ;?? Mr. Roebuck bitterly assailed Lord John Russell for his mismanagement, under the miseries of Ireland. He read the following extract from a private letter to himself with great effect. The House was perfectly para lized : A desolating famine, such as one may read of in history, but with the actual horrors of which the present generations were unacquainted, is now raging in several counties of Ireland, whilst extreme destitution prevails all through the country. Fever and dysentery, produced by the wane of food, are increasing in all directions, and the extent of mortality is daily becoming alarming. The deaths in the union workhouses alone amounted to nearly 1500 in the last week of January 1 But of those establishments no record of mortality is kept. The coroners are totally unable to hold inquests on the numbers who die daily of starvation and cold. In fine, as a letter from Leitrim expresses it, " the pea- santry are fading away from the face of the earth." This.is very terrible ! ' The Times adds to this fearful account as follows : The uncoffined bodies are carried to the grave in carts, and men are hired to undertake that task ; for if friends and relatives survive, they will not touch, if even they could remove masses of putrefaction. In Bantry fifteen in- quests were held In a single day, and twenty bodies more were lying in the neighbourhood, all dead from famine. In Bere, in the district of Clanlaurence, a correspondent sends us the names of eleven men who have'recently perished, either on the roads, or in their houses, from starvation. In the parish of Kilcaskin the very sea weeds are exhausted near the shore, and the bodies of those drowned in the attempt to wade out farther for that substitute for food have been seen floating in the bay. In Crook- haven and Kilmoe, the letter pf its pastor, who was obliged to leave his impoverished and starving flock and come here'personally to beg their'food, told the empire that a new grave yard was added to the old, and that putrefying bodies lay from five to ten days without inter- ment. ' In Coaohford the labourers are literally starving.-The Cork paper thus sums up the heart-rending details :-"There were forty-four corpses on last Monday morning, in the room allotted to the dead, at one of the Cork work- houses. Over one hundred bodies were con- veyed the morning before, and deposited in the small burial ground; of one of our populous suburbs. The ordinary graveyard is too full to receive more coffins. The deaths in the unions of Skibbereen and Bantry may be cal- culated at four hundred weekly. If a month expires before the temporary Relief Act is in Operation, one thousand six hundred victims more, at the rate at,which' the poor are perish- ing, will have been added to the appalling catalogue of dead,' in the two unions of Bantry and Skibhereen." i The American intelligence is to the 10th of March. The following is the latest and most interesting :- ' ' > The war languishes in Mexico. The last ac- counts speak of no great martial achievement The citizens of the United States appear in factto he heartily siok of their bargain. Mr. Sevier has introduced into the Senate a bill of great importance, having for its object to place at the disposal of the President the sum of 3,000,000 dollars, for the purpose of bringing 'the war ttf*a conclusion. This was the result which we have long ex- pected the fathers of the comnlonwealth would arrive at. America is ambitious of territorial aggrandizement-too much so for her own wel- fare. All such nmbition in fact, on her part, is folly. The dispersion, not the concentration of her population, is the danger which she has the most to dread. Despite of this, however, and the religious feelings of the Northern Aboli- tionists to boot, she has added Texas to the Union. Florida, again, was, in a similar spirit, hnlf purchased and half extorted from Spain. With the same idea the central prairies and the ruprgod barriers of the Rocky Mountains are annually traversed by bands of emigrants, anxious, as it \Vould seem, to free themselves from the restraints of law, and indifferent to hardship, so hardship be not inflicted upon them by tho regulations of society. The dispute about the Oregon territory was another instance ; at the present moment another is afforded by the war with Mexico. We have alrpady taken many opportunities to blame the course which Mr. Polk has pursued in this affair. The litigious spirit which con- ceived, and the open violence which has carried out the war into the heart of a country whose chief fault consisted in an inability to resist the aggressor, appears to us a melancholy enough instance of the policy which nations may, under the name ol liberty, pursue. The United States are always anxious, too anxious, to stand on their extreme rights, and to refuse to allow a legal claim to be equitably arranged, and it is from this unamiable characteristic that Mexico is at this moment suffering. Thus, not so very long bick, they seized upon Pensacola and St. Augustins, and the act was avowed by President Monroe, and sanctioned by Congress. Thus, they refused the award of the King of Holland in the time of the Boundary question. Thus, last year they would not listen to arbitration in the affair of Oregon. In the spirit of Skyloek, " they stand there for law." If law they cannot obtain, they fall back on the bowie knife ; and the only consideration which at all seems to interfere with their use of the weapon in ques- tion is the fear of expense. In the present instance of Mexico, it is no aversion to bucca- neering that restrains the free citizens of the United States, but the revenue is deficient. Congress cannot be expected to sympathise with the individual nmbition of Mr. Polk, or perhaps Mr. Polk's purpose is already answered. The following are paragraphs of general intelligence : PARIS.-Our latest accounts received to- night of the state of business in Paris yesterday represent matters as still extremely unsatisfoc torj. At such a moment of crisis as Paris is in at present, rumours, many of them of the most absurd character, are readily circulated. Many of these, of a political character calcu- lated to affect credit, we decline to give further circulation to, knowing them to have no foun dation.iggThjere are, however, facts which are of thenjjjuvjiä unquestionable evidences of the state ofwrnlpney market, which it may be use- ful to givaWthe public. As an evidence that the BankAof-vFrance will further raise the rate of interest, it is stated that the Caisse Gouin, which receives money for various periods at in- terest, has intimated that they will give 4J per cent, instead of 4 per cent., as formerly, for loans al six months, and 5 per cent, instead of 4 per cent, as formerly, for loans of twelve months. From this step it is inferred that the Bank rate will be 5 per cent. PROVISIONS FROM THE UNITED STATES_ The John R. Shiddi/, Osprey, Emblem, Trenton, and Ashburton, from New York, and the Mary Ann from Boston, were reported at the Custom-house, Liverpool, on the 30th of December, with 13,154 barrels of flour, 42,316 bushels and 612 sacks wheat, 4,608 bushels and 7,508 sacks Indian corn, 1,552 barrels Indian corn-meal, 100 barrels and 10 boxes biscuit, là boxes and 10 tierces beef, l61 barrels pork, 2 boxes and 1 barrel haras, 14 barrels bacon, 1,350 kegs lard, 2,358 boxes and 29 casks cheese, and 231 barrels onions. The Newcastle and Carlisle have made ar- rangements for accomplishing their journey from Carlisle to London in 10 hours, by ac- celerating the trains to Gateshead, so that a person leaving Carlisle at eight a, m. may ar- rive in London by nine at night. It was stated in late New York papers, that the wheat grown in the United States last season, exceeds the previous crop by thirteen million quarters, a quantity equal to two thirds the average annual consumption of wheat in Great Britain and Ireland, according to M'Cullock. This fact our correspondant adds, had already acted on the price of grain in England, depressing it by at least eighteen per cent. , SIR EDWARD BULWER LYTTON AND HIS NEW NOVEL " LOORBTIA."-In the publication of the volumes before' us Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton commits a great offence. He is a scholar, and has learned the duties of his high calling from those magnificent examples of an- tiquity whose wisdom ages have not ex- tinguished, whose unquenched light is still a guide to the faithful. He has been »legislator, and knows the risk of tampering with a trust- ful mind, easier to instruct in good than to guide when well informed of evil. He is neither young in years, nor strange to 'his work. JHe has" been admonished ; and whole- some truths, in the time of need, have not been withheld from him. To some remonstrance pomes in vain. To the hardened as ineffectual as the lash! Zucretia is a novel in three volumes. Whilst we write, it is devoured by that very large number of readers to whom it i« a point of religipn to read from beginning to end every line,that falb from the exuberant pen of the popular novelist In the drawing rooms of the arjstocraoy, in the parlours of the tradesman, the books'will be found. Modest maidens are lost'in the perusal of the détails ; ingenious and 'ardent youths are carried away by the passionate excitement of the descriptions. Fathers and mothers, you do well to encourage literature in your homes ; but you do ill to bring hangmen ¡»mi murderers to your hearth. Four jem ago Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton wrote a novel/and promised be would write no more. We did not believe him. We looked for this production. He had dallied so long with crime and criminals,' had thrown so sickly a halo around the forms of vlcei had taken snob pleasure in the tricking out of natural repulsive I thoughts, that we kpew it to be impossible for the man to depart for ever without some crown- ; ing work, of hideousness and strangely morbid, fanny. It is here unredeemed and unredeemable, a disgrace to the^writer, a «haine to us all ! 