îSnfiltèD letters. [from our files per " Oliver Cromwell." Penzance In a letter to a contemporary we find the following statement "In this sea-girt promontory of England, affording a constant supply of sea-weed, and great facilities for the cultivation of the potato, we have had before us, in the habits of the people, a Little Ireland, for every man had his plot of potatoes, to which he looked for as support. It is customary for each family to rent so much ground yearly from the farmers find seed, manure, and labour themselves ; this year, they have, in this respect, lost their all, and the staple food of the poor is gone. The whole of the Land's End district, and indeed, the greater part of Cornwall, may be included in this sad state of things, nor does there appear any prospect of permanent amendment for months to come, for the wages are so low on all sides that it is impossible for the labouring man, having a family, to maintain it, at the present high prices of provisions. We feel, and the poor themselves feel, for the calamities which have befallen the Irish and the Highlanders of Scotland ; but few people are aware of the extent of the misery which now prevails in England, and while we do all we can for the remoter parts of the kingdom, we ought not, we must not, forget our home duties. Collections, public and private, have been and are now making in Penzance for the town and parishes adjacent, but as yet they are quite inadequate to the state of the case, and if we look forward to the time when the corn market may reasonably be expected to return to its former tone, it behoves us to save all we can, on all sides, in every way that we may be able, as need may be, to 4 deal bread to the hungry, "-Bell's Messenger, Feb. 8 Government Appointments. The government of Ceylon, vacant by the retirement of Sir Colin Campbell, has been conferred by Lord Grey on Lord Torrington, a young nobleman of reputed talents and habits of business, and a civilian. It is understood that Lord Grey has determined to break in upon the old system of appointing military men governors of colonies, and to look out rather for men who have given their minds to the consideration of social and economical questions, than to military disciplin- arians. It is rumoured that this appointment was first offered to Mr. Charles Buller, who has refused it, looking, doubtless, to higher openings at home. Mr. Charles Buller has been spoken of as the not improbable future president of the new Poor Law Board and his being made chairman of the lately-appointed Committee on Settlement in the House of Commons, gives great colour of probability to this rumour. It would be an excellent appointment Scotsmen. O'Connell's Health. Among the parties whom the weather has affected is Mr. O'Connell, who is said to be suffering from a pulmonary complaint, and he certainly presents all the appearance of a man whose days of agitation are numbered. He has not been in the house since Monday, where he figured as' the ghost of his former self, though the apparition was a solemn and an imposing one, and his solicitation of instant relief for his countrymen carried with it a sort of posthumous impressiveness, as though the voice of the once omnipotent Liberator came from beyond the grave, shrouded with those reminiscences of identity with Ireland, which the mention of his name can never fail to conjure up. It is evident that his tumultuous career is fast drawing to a close Liverpool Albion, Feb. 15. Mr. Rowland Hill At an anniversary dinner of the Liverpool Guardian Society, held on the 12th February, at which Mr. Rowland Hill was present, that gentleman's health was proposed. Mr. Hill replied, and gave an outline of his present duties. It was generally supposed he had the control of some of the most important departments of the post-office. This was an entire mis- take ; he had nothing to do with the working of the present arrangements. His duties were simply these he had to advise the Postmaster-General upon all points to which he was pleased to direct his attention, and he had to take all opportunities, as they arose, of introducing the remaining parts of his plan Liverpool Albion. The " Great Western." The Great Western steam ship is to be sold by auction next month. She is now lying in the float- ing harbour at Bristol Liverpool Albion, Feb. 15. Canal between the Mediterranean and Red Sea The Alexandria correspondent of the Morning Chronicle states that the Sultan has given a conditional approval of the plan of a canal to connect the Mediterranean and the Red Sea. A Society decide, as it is called, composed of French, English, Austrian, Prussian, and Russian engineers, will shortly visit Egypt, not exactly sent by the European powers, but under their patronage Atlas, Feb. 20 Railway Business iii the House on Commons. Yesterday the first report of the select committee on the classification of railway bills was printed. They have recommended that the various railway bills should be referred to " 24 groups' A mere statement of the project occupies nearly six folio pages. The railway business will now soon commence before the committees. Observer, Feb. 15. Prattle of Parliament-the House of Commons is at it again at its old trick of talking to no purpose. Lord George Bentinck brings forward an Irish Railway Bill, which he well knows will never pass ; Lord John Russell declares that he shall oppose it, and yet allows it to be discussed. " Time," says the adage, is money ;" of which Parliament is giving too much away to have any left to waste. We hope that the legend of Tempus Fugit" will be conspicuously , printed up in the new House of Commons. Punch. Death of the Duke of Northumber- and His Grace the Duke of Northumber- land died at his seat, Alnwick Castle, Northumberland, on Thursday, in the sixty- second year of his age. The late Duke has left no issue ; his brother, therefore, Baron Prudhoe, who was elevated to the peerage in November, 1896, succeeds to the title and estates. The present Duke was born in 1792, and became a captain in the navy in 1815. He married, in August, 1842, Lady Eleanor, eldest daughter of Earl Grosvenor. Ob server, Feb. 15. Arrival of the West India Mails The royal mail steamer Teviot arrived at Southampton on Friday, from St. Thomas's, which she left on the 31st January. The Teviot reports all the islands she visited as healthy, and the weather as favourable. We have our usual files of papers by the Teviot ; we learn thereby that a smart shock of an earthquake had been experienced at Trinidad, January 13. Sunday Times, Feb. 21. Illness of the Queen of Prussia. The Queen of Prussia, according to accounts from Berlin, was taken suddenly and seriously ill at the commencement of last week. Her Majesty, we are glad to learn by the bulletins issued by the court physicians, is progressing towards convalescence Bell's Messenger, Feb. 15. Printed and published by Richard Jones, at the "Maitland Mercury" Office, High street, West Maitland. 