THE PHYSICAL CAUSE OF THE DEATH OF CHRIST. The religious importance of the Crucifixion, and the phaenomena which accompanied it, have natu rally excited the attention of theologians of ;ill aorps ? and amnnir nthpr r.irenmstances. the rai)i(l death of Christ 1ms givtjn risp to much discussion. In ordinary cases, the extinction of life by the cross was a slow process. No groa' blood-vessels were injured in nailing the extremities to the beams ; the body was supported in a sort of sitting position by a projection ; and the victim, afer lingering from two or three to occasionally seven days, finally sank through exhaustion, not from the severity of pain. Familiar with these facts, the early Fathers di rected their attention to the comparatively quick process of the death of Christ, as much as to the other and more striking natnral phsenomena that attended it. Later theologians, following in their path, have received their views of the fact, and adopted the theories by which it is explained; which theories are all resolvable into a miraculous interfe rence. In order to fulfil the prophecies, it was ne cessary that the Messiah's bones should not be broken, as the bones of the malefactors who suf fered with him were broken when the Jews wished the bodies to be removed on account of the ap proaching feast. Some divines have, therefore, held, that Christ's death took place by the direct interference of God ; others, that he dismissed him self -f/aze up the ghost. Since anatomy and phy siology have been more studied, and science has bpon applied to the illustration of Scripture, some authors have attempted to explain the death upon natural grounds. It has been ascribed to the pre vious exhaustion of the agony in the garden, the harassing scenes with the Jews and before Pilate, and the scourging preparatory to the crucifixion. Others have held that Christ was not actually dead, but only in a swoon ; and that his death was caused by the spear of a Roman soldior, who, while, dis charging an act of duty in ascertaining the death, was unconsciously fulfilling the prophecy which declared the Messiah should be pierced. Some of those who adopt this last view admit that the blood mixed with water that flowed from the wound was miraculous. The advocates of death from ex haustion consider the water was serum collected in the pericardium, which was pierced as well as the heart. Snch an effusion (says the elder Gtiiner) could scarcely have taken place except from the left side ; tinder which, besides the \v.nz, lies the pericardium full of water whp-' a person die* aftor extreme anxiety, as likowi«e the heart, connected witli the arch of the aorta. The inn^, -jligrn.lv wounded, mifi'it have yielded a li'tle blood, hut certainly not water. Thu conjecture is, therefore, the most pro bable, and the most in accordance with forensic medicine, which derives tlie blood from tho (left) ventricle of I he heart, and the water from the pericardium. Dr Slroud, a religious man, though not a Catho lic, who has directed his researches to the elucida tion of the circumstances attending our Lord's Pas sion and particularly his death, in a physiological point of view, differs from all these conclusions. He considers that the death was not miraculously produced; such an opinion is contrary to thespirit and express words of Scripture. The death of Christ is always charged upon the Jews, and no in timation is given of what would be a species of sui cide or escape. Dr Stroud argues that it was not caused by the spear : the Scriptural narrative as serts the death ; the best witness, St John, a by standers speak3 of it ns a positive fact, though on; of the soldiers, in a case of so murh importance, and where his own life was at stake, made assu rance doubly sure. As little will Dr Stroud admit that the death was caused by exhaustion In the garden, indeed, Christ's agony was so excessive as to produce a bloody sweat, — a physical pheenome non only induced by the severest emotion, and then rarely. But Christ was supernaturally comforted ; without which it is probable that he would then have died. Through the whole of the following scenes he displayed the greatest firmness, dignity, and calmness ; there was nothing in them to pro duce an exhaustion to terminate so quickly in death ; and the ' loud voice' with which he cried imme diately before expiring, clearly indicates the emo tion of strength, not of depression. Neither on this nor on any other of the views would blood and water have flowed from the wound. Sufficient serum could not have collected in the pericardium within the time ; nor would it, under the circum stances, have been distinguishable from blood by a common observer. In the ordinary state of things, the qinntisy of water found in the pericardium after denth is so minu'c, that in a case like that under consideration it would have hern absolutely imperceptible. Mailer states that a small quautity of water, not exceeding a few drachms, has frequently been found in the precardium of executed per- ? sons ; but, except under very peculiar or morbid circum stances, the eminent aoaiomi.-is John and Charles Bell deny the occurrence altogether. * ? The slight discrepancy observable between writers on the subject may, as Klofeker has rem irked, be referred to their having described the state of t he pericardium under very different circumstances. Naturally it exhibit scarcely anything which deserves the name of liquid ; hut after some forms of violent death, more especially when attended with obstructed circulation, it may contain a little serum, cither pure or miked with blood. An effu sion of tre latter kind is said to have been noticed in stags killed after a bird chase; and in so mo rare instances of sudden death occasioned by strong mental emotion, the pericardium bas been found distended with blood, owing probably, as Morgagni suspected, to organic disease and the rupture of vessels ; but for the statement of the Griiners, that after death accompanied with anxiety the pericardium is full of water, there is no evidence. Whether, however, Ruch conditions are of common oe enrrecce or not, their occurrence at the death of Christ is disproved by the well-known facts of the case. Neither the period of three hours occupied by his peculiar men tal sufleriDgs, nor that of six hours which comprised the entire cruoifjxion, were sufficient to occasion in a young and vigorous person such an effusion of blood or serum into tlie pectoral cavities as is here supposed. Had it really happened within so short a space of time, it would have produced symptoms of debility and suffocation qu'te incompatible with the intelligence, the presence of mind, and the loud and pious exclamations, which imme diately preceded bis death ; and the manner of that death, instead of being sudden and unexpected, would have l)cen slow and progressive. Still less, if possible, would such an effusion iiave accorded with the discharge of blood and water Ifrom the 6ide of Christ, when after wards pierced by the soldier's spear. As this remarkable fact wag witnessed by the Apostle John, a person of humble rank, destitute of medical or other learning, and at the time of observation probably removed to some distance from the cross, whilst the soldiers were occu pied in despatching the crucified persons, it is obvious that the discharge of blood and water must have been considerable, and the distinction between the two sub stances strongly marked. Bloody strum, whether origi nally effused in that state or resulting from subsequent mixture, would not have presented this charater; for it would neither have issued rapidly nor in sufficient quan tity, nor would its distinction from ordinary blood have been so striking as to have attracted the attention of an uninformed and somewhat distant spectator. Moreover, unless blood has been previously extravasated, little or none can by any kind of wound be extracted from a dead body, except by the action of gravity ; the heart being usually empty, or if otherwise, devoid of power to expel its contents. This important fact, overlooked by most other writers, waa perceived and acknowledged by the G: liners; who nevertheless filled to di«nnvrr tlte true explanation, and were induced hi ndoot the inadmissable opinion that Christ was not actually dead when pierced bv i he soldier's spear, but merely in a faint and languid L'ondiiinn. which allowed the heart to act feebiv, mid. on being: wounded, to pour forth its blood precede*! by the water, which they suujm&e; had previously collected it) the pericardium. Tho immediate cause of Christ's death has there fore yet to be sought ; and, in Dr StromFs view, it was literally a broken heart. Although this popular phrase is now ofteuer used to signify a pro tracted dying from depression, yet its terms are strictly correct ; as is known instinctively or by con jectural induction to great poets and moralists. Shak spcre attributes the death of Caesar, not. to the daggers of the conspirators, but the ingratitude of Brutus — ' then burst his mighty heart ;' and the word of the poet exactly represents the thing In cases of very violent emotion either of joy or grief, one of tlie ven tricles of the heart is ruptured; death almost instantly ensues; and it is only under this predicament that the conditions of 'the blood and water' are fulfilled. The immediate cause [of rupture of the heart] is a sudden and violent contraction of one of the ventricles, usually the left, on the column of blood thrown into it by a similar contraction of the corresponding auricle. Pre vented from returning: backwards by th-a intervening valve, and not finding a sufficient outlet forwards in the connected artery, the blood reacts against (he ventricle itself, which is consequently torn open nt the point of greatest distension, or hast resistance, by the iutiuenu of its own reflected force. A quantity of bl od is hereby discharged into tin pericardium ; and having no means of escape from that capsule, stops the circulation bycum pres^ing the hoart from without, and induces almost in stHntaneous death. In y miner and vigorous subjects, the blood thus collected in the pericardium soon divides into its constituent parts, namely, a pate ton ieri) liquid called serum, ami a soft clotted subsinnce of a deep red colour termtd irassamentum ; but, exc-.-pt under similar cir cumstances yf ex travnsasion, this distinct separation of the blood is seldom witnessed in ;he dead body. When, however, the action of the ventricle i.- less violrn', in stead of bursting under the continued inj-'ction from the auricle, it merely dilute*; hut »s, in c*m«eqnpn«e of this over-distension its power of contraction is speedily dotr oy» ed, death tak«s place with equal certain! v, although per haps with less rapidity ; and in this case, as well as in the former one. the blood remaining within the heart has been found divided into serum and cassamentum. In exact conformity with the foregoing statement, Dr Hope observes — ' It is generally in the left ventricle that the rupture [of the heirt] takes place ; a circumstance which at first appears remarkable, sinee 'bis ventricle is the stronger; but for the same rcas -n it contracts more energetically, and ... it is only strong musclos which undergo rupture from the energy of their own c»ntraet}on. Hence rupture of the auricles is much more rare than that of the ventricle*. The exnting causes of rupture are generally considerable efforts, paroxysms of passion, external violence, as falls, &C.1;' In Dr. Stroud's opinion, Christ's intense agony was the price of the redemption, and was not caused l-y the apprehension or actuality of physical suffer ings, which were less than is popularly supposed. ' The interruption of the communion with God,' as shown in the garden and the last exclamation on the cross, and the consequent pressure of the accumulated guilt of the human race upon Christ's mind, was the exciting cause of his rapid and sudden death. In this point of view the theory is interesting ; giving a more dramatic character to the catastrophe of Easter, and suggesting many reflections which cannot be in dulged in here. Dr. Stroud's volume is the result of long inquiry and induction ; twenty years having elapsed since the first conception of the theory. 