AQUATIC. The grand event of the year, especially intended to commemorate the Anniversary of the Colony, came off in due form and splendour, on Tuesday Iast ; and finer dis plays of bay sailing or more severe and gallant struggles for superiority amongst the rowers throughout the various races never took place in our harbour, and will cer- tainly long be remembered by the "count- less thousands" then assembled. The merits of the yatchs contending for the head prize were hastily glanced at in our last week's issue, and though our prognostications did not exactly tally with the divine auguries of numerous nautical adventurers, the result of the day's sport has summed up considerably in favor of our prophetic powers. The morning of Tuesday caused consi- derable anxiety that the weather would not be propitious. A drizzling mist descended at intervals, strengthened apprehension, nor was it till shortly before the hour ap- pointed for the amateur gig race to start that we were agreeably disappointed in our weather- wise predilections : a breeze sprang up from the southward and eastward, whilst Phoebus' self began to assert his sway, and put to flight the collected clouds. Encou- raged by the brightening prospect, nume- rous parties of ladies and gentlemen pre- sently began still farther to dispel the gloom, and ere "seven bells" had pealed along the line of merchantmen in the Cove, every available nook and corner, from Lady Macquarie's Chair to Dawes' Point had been chartered to carry freight. Several steamers, crowded with both currency and sterling, and decorated with rich attire, plied in ceaseless emulation around the various groups of floating la- byrinths, threading the mazes and inter- secting the multiform channels formed by these mosquito fleets, with a degree of precaution highly creditable to the various commanders. The Navigation Company's iron boat " the Rose," guided by her es- teemed and sporting skipper (who by the way is himself a yatch owner) elicited ge- neral admiration; and, crowded from her jib-boom end along the line of her royal mast heads to the sternmost extremity of her spanker boom with the flags of all times and nations, beneath whose floating symbols moved in solid pride of nationality many an Anglo-Austral dame, with heart beating to the merry sound of fife and drum, she added a majestic tint to the rich marine landscape which lay before the eye. \-- Other steamers, such as the Sovereign, Tamar, Phoenix, Maitland, Kangaroo, Comet, William the Fourth, Fairy Queen, and Waterman, were in commission, and surprise may be well expressed that, under such circumstances, in addition to the vast number of sailing and pulling boats of all descriptions afloat, no single accident has yet been recorded. Preparations had been made by the com- mittee for the reception of His Excellency in the fort, and a platform had been raised at the northern extremity, for the accomo- dation of the Governor's party. At the eastern range of the large area a commodious booth had also been erected, along the whole length of which tables had been fixed and covers laid for about three hundred guests -- a larger number than were favored with the entree to meet Sir Charles and Lady Mary at lunch. The cuisine department was under the control of Messrs. Toogood, brothers, who more over had the contract for the wines, of which most ample and recherché supplies were provided. On the angle of ground outside the fort, numerous booths offered their attractions to the humbler classes, and judging from the fracas which took place in the after part of the day, the potency of the various liquids was practically demonstrated. Shortly after 10 o'clock the Governor's arrival was announced by the band of the 99th striking up the national anthem, and immediately afterwards the representative's person was to be discovered promenading the platform ; but as our space has been already somewhat taxed by mere introduc- tory remarks, we will proceed to describe the more immediate concerns of the day. FIRST MATCH. No. 1 Marryat's Code. To start at 10 a.m. For Gigs, to be rowed by amateurs only; To start from off Fort Macquarie, and proceed round the Flag Boat moored off Goat Island, passing it on the south side, and rounding it on the north side ; then round Pinchgut, passing it on the north, and rounding it on the south side and back to the starting place. Entrance fee £1 1s. First prize £15 15s. ; second prize £5 5s. No. Name Flag. Owner. 1\. Sons of the Thames .Blue...... Mr. Dind 2\. Jim Crow ................Black .... Mr. Stewart 3\. Red Rover ...............Red ....... Mr. Collins 4\. Spitfire....................Tri-color. Mr. Lewis They all got away with a beautiful start, the crews of each boat bending well to their work, and pulling steadily. The Ro- ver however crept ahead, and maintained her lead round Goat Island. The Sons of the Thames slightly in advance of Jim Crow; in this order they repassed the flag- ship " Mazeppa," and pressed their boats gallantly through the water till midway between Kiara Billy and Pinchgut, when Dind's boat shot forward, and appeared to foul the Rover, upon clearing, the Sons of the Thames was ahead, and outside of the other two, when in making her curve the Rover closed, and with the bow carried away the rudder of her opponent, whose chance was thus thrown out of the race, the south-east breeze catching her quarter and sheering her to the southward. The struggle now lay between the Jim Crow and the Rover : the contest home was se- vere and spirited, terminating in favor of Collins's boat by a few seconds. The crew of the winning boat consisted of the two Andersons, Barnett, West and Bruce, cox- swain. The Spitfire started but having ex- hausted the steam before reaching the pa- rallel of Dawes' Point, gave up the ghost without a groan. Mr. Dind, on behalf of his crew, has sent in a protest against the Rover receiving the prize, on the grounds above described. SECOND MATCH. No. 3 Marryat's Code. For Second Class Yachts under 10 tons. To start from off Fort Macquarie, and proceed round a vessel moored off the Gas Works, passing her on the east and rounding on the west side ; then pro- ceed round the Light Vessel and Sow and Pigs, passing them on the west and rounding on the east side, and back to the starting vessel. Entrance fee £2 2s. First prize £35 ; second prize £10. 1\. Friendship . White with red star. Mr. Milsom 2\. Madge Wildfire .Blue..................Mr. Harnett 3\. Midge...... St George's Cross....... Capt, Towns 4\. Champion ....Red. .................... Mr. Thornton Almost before the report of the gun had reached the ear, the Friendship, Madge, and Midge had cast off the warp ; a slight delay occurred on board the Champion, who when once free ran up under the lee of the old boat, and fruitlessly endeavoured thus to head her. Old Coffee steering the Midge, with the cross of St. George flying was making the best of the breeze, and at Miller's Point had got well to windward of the lot ; the Friendship, Champion, and Madge in the order given. In the first board up Cockle Bay, the Champion dis- played her weatherly qualities by taking the Midge's place; Madge Wildfire in this tack put the Friendship on the lee quarter. In stays the next stretch, the Champion leading, unfortunately fouled her foretop mast stay with a cutter's boom, and car- ried away her gunter mast ; the Midge was thus allowed to round the Juno first. Wild- fire third. Friendship closing the line. In this order they again passed Miller's Point, and reached the Cove, where the debutant crawled up to the front line, and steadily increased her distance to the Sow and Pigs, which she rounded well a head of the Midge ; the others nowhere. Standing over to Camp Cove, Underwood, steering the Champion, sent a man aloft to pass the flapping position of the main-sail to leeward, previous to going about, and in this eminent position he remained holding the sail to the end of the race. The Midge passed the flag boat 2nd, by 2 m. 5 sec., Friendship 3rd, 7 m. Madge 4th, 10 m 10 sec. Great interest was manifested in this race, in consequence of all the boats having been entered for the First Class Prize. Captain Towns has objected to the Champion, in consequence of her alleged over-measurement, but as this matter will become subject of enquiry to the Commit- tee, we at present forbear further comment. The decision of the powers will be made known on Tuesday next. THIRD MATCH No. 3 Marryat's Code. For Licensed Watermen pulling a pair of sculls in skiffs. The same course as Match No. I. First prize £10 10s. ; second prize £5 5s. No entrance fee. N.B. -- The above skiffs must have been li- censed and used for three months prior to the Regatta. Lucinda..............Green ......... J Brennan 1 Betsy..................Blue Flag.... G. Mulhall 2 Sam Slick ..........Blue............ W. Currie 3 Elizabeth. White with black ball. J. Reynolds 4. Sisters. Green with white cross, Mr Griffin 5. This was a spirited race, as the Water- men pulling the first three boats had all been previously winners of prizes. How- ever, the contention, after a little time, lay entirely between the first two, and was won by the former by a few boat lengths. Bren- nan's boat was much the heaviest, though he maintains that he could have kept a- head of his Herculean antagonist for the space of a lunar month. It was ould Ire- land against Australia, and Paddy was in the ascendant. Fourth MATCH. No. 4 Marryat's Code . For Skiffs pulling two oars. To be rowed by amateurs only. Same course as Match No. 1. First prize, Silver Cup value £10, with £3 5s. added ; second prize, £5 5s. Entrance fee, £1 1s. Pet of the Willage. Blue, W. A. F. Townsend 1. Mary ann. Blue and white stripes, William Bates, 2 Agenoria, Blue with white boarder and gilt star, Ward 3. Elizabeth, white with black ball, J. Reynolds 4. Sisters , green with white rose, M. Griffin 5. Waterwitch. Tri-colour. M. Moriarty 4. Robin Hood. White and red. John Nalder 5. Pelter. Blue Peter. T. Burrows 6. This could scarcely be called a race, as from the commencement, the Pet of the Village, rowed by Messrs. Green and Ho- ward, had it all her own way. There cer- tainly was a desperate rush made at the start by the Pelter to go a-head, but her propellers not having the lasting qualities of their rivals, or else being greatly under the influence of-we won't say what deemed it advisable to leave the race, and proceed to Cockle Bay, where they were afterwards promiscuously found gathering oysters, with their skiff safely landed on the beach. To give a true reason how they managed to get there, we are totally un- able. It may have been by stratagem, or on the other hand by accident ; more pro bably the former, for having been on all previous Anniversaries successful, it is not at all unreasonable that the young gents should be ashamed to come in in any place but the first. FIFTH MATCH. No. 5 Marryat's Code. For Third Class Yachts under five tons. To start from off Fort Macquarie, and proceed round a boat moored off Goat Islaud, passing it on the south and rounding it on the north side; then round Shark Island, passing it on the north and rounding it on the south side and back to the starting place. Entrance fee £1 1s. First prize £21 ; seoond prize £7 10. Mystery ... .Red and blue.... Geo. M'Cauley Little Johnston... blue, white and blue . Capt. Harrison 2. Witch. Red with white cross, Jos Fowler 3. Virginia, Blue with white cross. Johns Freeman, 4. Shepherdess. Blue with hand and heart. Edward Borton. 5. Bright Planet, Blue and white star. H. Martin. 0 Madge Wildfire, Blue, W. Harnett 0 Madge Wildfire senior, Red, Ditto 0 Pirate. Tricolor , Mr J. M'Arthur 0 Commodore ..Pink . William King 0 The boats, 10 in number, were so closely jammed together that considerable diffi- culty was experienced in getting away from the warp ; fortunately, good humour pre- vailed amongst the crews, otherwise the greatest confusion must have resulted, The Virginia was away before the gun fired, the other boats following in the order of their stations ; without any material change they continued to the flag boat, which was rounded in the following order : Virginia, Mystery, Little Johnstone, Madge, Pirate, Witch, Bright Planet, Shepherdess, and Commodore. As they stretched to windward, the Witch came out of the ruck and kept her way to Billy Blue's Point : a squall here caught the Virginia and Mys- tery, and both boats reefed, allowing the Johnstone to pass them. The Witch was observed to be sailing dull, and upon look- ing over the bow, a log of wood was found to have settled across her stem. This drawback removed, she soon headed the Virginia. At the flag-ship the Mystery was leading to windward ; the Little John- stone to leeward ; the Witch between the two, somewhat astern. At this point of the race, Bright Planet was observed with her gaff- topsail sheet foul of the peak, pre- venting them from either setting it or tak- ing it in, and so she continued to carry it to leeward of her mainsail. The breeze had freshened considerably, and some of the boats were obliged to double reef'; The Johnstone cracked on, so did the Planet and the stiff old Witch slogged away for some time, with her gaff top-sail set. Virginia and Pirate passed to windward of Pinchgut, and stood on to Shark Island . Little Johnstone was however first at the reef; but, wavering whether to go over it or not, Mystery and Witch ran down close upon her, and standing to windward both weathered her considerably. They then went about simultaneously, while Virginia and Pirate having passed inside the north reef were well up to the leading boats, Running free, the Witch, who had previ ously shortened sail, endeavouring to set her topsail let it go overboard, while the Pirate having set a square sail rapidly over- hauled her. The Witch now shifted jibs and succeeded in getting her topsail up again took the third berth, which she kept but could not improve upon, leaving the Mystery and Little Johnstone to pass the goal first and second. SIXTH MATCH. No. 6 Marryat's Code. For all Gigs pulling four oars. Same course as Match No. 1. First prize £15 15s. ; second prize £5 5s. En- trance fee £1 1s. Red Rover.Red.,.. Mr. Collins..1 Sons of the Thames. Blue .. Mr.Dind.3 Jim Crow.Black.. Mr. Stewart.... 3 Spitfire-.Tri.oolor Mr, Lewis.4 The Red Rover having in reality nothing more than in the first race to contend with, was, of course, the successful candidate. The Sons of the Thames being still under the disadvantage of steering with a paddle, not having had sufficient time to replace a rudder, could not be expected to win ; how- ever, she was a very good second. The Spitfire, being built on a new principle, with outriggers, was supposed to have of- fered a strong opposition, but the principle does not appear to answer the expectations of the owner. SEVENTH MATCH. No. 7 Marryat's Codé. For Licensed Watermen in Skiffs, pulling two oars. Same course ns Match No. 1. First prize £12 12s. ; second prize £5 5s. No entrance fee. N.B.-The above skiffs must have been li- censed und used for three mouths prior to the Re- gatta. Boomer..... Green & blue .. Boomer.1 Sam Slick.. Blue. W. Currie Harriett .... Blue.Peter Murray Betsy....... Red . W. Thomson Sarah ... Red. John Rice Lucinda ... White & blue.. Thos. Roberts Elizabeth...... white with black ball. J-Reynolds Mary. White... John Jollffe Several bets were made on the race, by the patrons of the watermen of the different stairs, and it therefore caused unusual anx- iety ; however, after having a good start; the Boomer rapidly glided past her oppo- nents, and gradually increased the distance between herself and them to the end, when she was a long way ahead. EIGHTH MATCH. No. 8 Marryai's Code; For all Vessels not exceeding twenty-five tons; To start from off Fort Macquarie, proceeding round a boat moored off Goat Island, passing it on the south and rounding it on the north side; then round a boat moored in North Harbour, off Big Manly Beach, passing it on the west, and rounding it on the east side then back to the starting vessel. First Prize £70; second prize £15. Entrance; fee £3 3s. ' Sylph.... Blue Peter... Messrs, Owen and Campbell 1 Champion .. Red . G. Thornton 2 Will o' the Wisp Tricolor.R. J Want, Esq 3 Midge.. St George's Cross..Capt. Towns 4 Boomerang.. Blue and red,. Mr. Keightley 5 Friendship.. White with red star.. Milson 6. The betting had principally centred to this race, ergo excitement was in propor- tion. The Sylph continued in demand, though the performances of the new boat, in her previous contest, gave those who had laid it strong on the Champion fairgrounds of hope. Will o' the Wisp would have risen had the " gale increased," Of the others nothing need be said. As the ap- pointed hour drew nigh, the various steam- ers gave note that something more than speed would be necessary, if the optics of their living lumber were to be gratified with an occasional peep at the performances; and the weather having settled into sere- nity, a more delightful scene can scarcely be dwelt upon by the lovers of aquatic perspective. Anxiety sat, not sorrowfully, but in palpitating expectancy on every brow ; the canvass upon whose agency the coming great event depended flapped list- lessly against the masts, and even bluster- ing Boreas seemed disposed for a time to play a fantastic interlude upon his aqueous stage. The boats were moored in admirable disorder; the Champion and Midge lay in Camp Cove, Will o' the Wisp close to the reef off the Fort, Boomerang and Sylph astern of Mr. Want's yacht; and quietly floating in the rear the Friendship rode at ease. At the signal gun, notice to quit, the Friendship slipped off, followed by the Boomerang; the Sylph having cast the wrong way, had to wait for a slew, while the three other boats had some difficulty in getting clear of the red buoy. The Sylph had by this time got weigh on, and passing them, continued her course, gaining rapidly on her advanced rivals. At the Flag Boat off Goat Island, the order of running was as follows - Friendship, Bomerang, Sylph, Will o' the Wisp, Champion, Midge, Madge. But the Sylph having hauled in her main sheet at an unreasonable distance from the buoy, lost her weigh, and threw the Wisp much out of her course. After jibbing and standing on the starboard tack for a short distance, then went about, and with Friend- ship and Boomerang still leading, stood too far towards Goat Island. Burrowes, however, steering the Sylph, thought dif- ferently, as he kept her on her course. After weathering the Boomerang and Friendship, Will o' the Wisp appeared to us to be bound to Parramatta. The Cham- pion, though in the rear, holding a better wind, all but got the weather gage of me Boomerang, and tacked just in time to lead the fleet down the harbour. This point of the race is universally allowed to have been one of a most picturesque and animated de scription-presenting at once a direct and unequivocal picture of our truly national predelictions and pursuits-and fondly, in- deed, may the Australian boast that, in the competition of that mother were engaged examples of naval architecture, which, plan- ned and constructed by the assiduous en- terprise of his countrymen, bid fair success- fully to vie with any similar craft sailing the waters of the Old World. The Champion kept her place and passed the flag-ship; Boomerang close astern,and the Sylph bearing down with a free sheet. they closed upon Bradley's Head, the Sylph shot ahead of Mr. Donelly's boat, and the Wisp, who had by this time come into the race, joined company. There the 3 were sticking to each other, the others being about half a mile in the rear. After round- ing Bradley's, the Wisp, Sylph and Boome rang set square sails and rattled away mer rily before the wind: the Champion, from her crippled gunter mast, could not follow the example, and thus lost ground. The Sylph and Wisp passed her at Middle Head. These four kept in close order to the flag-boat, off Manly Beach, which Mr. Owen's boat first rounded - Wisp second -Boomerang last. Homeward bound, stretching to the south-west, the Sylph reached Cobler's Beach, to leeward of Middle Head; the Wisp and Boomerang making for the same place. The Cham- pion, more weatherly, fetched George's Head, and had she gone about at the light ship instead of standing to the south shore, the account current of her owner would have shown a far different result - this, at least in the opinion of many judges. From Middle Head the Sylph stood away for the south reef, and when in mid-channel again went about, passed close to the light ship, weathering Bradley's and running in a winner. Champion 40 s. astern-Will o' the Wisp at Pinchgut - others out of sight to any but Mesmeric patients. NINETH MATCH. No. 9 Marryat's Code, For bona fide Whale Boats, with tubs and usual line (say 200 lbs. weight), pulling five oars. To pull from the starting vessel round Clark's Island, passing it on the north and rounding it on the south side; then round the boat off Goat Island, passing it on the south and rounding it on the north side, and back to the starting vessel, Provided six boats start, the following prizes will be given : First prize £25 ; second prize £15 third prize £10. But if only four boats start the first two prizes will be given. Entrance fee £l ls. Stop and fetch it. Red. Mr. Howard 1 Sir Charles . . Blue .Mr. Dind 2 IWilliam.Yellow.Capt. Serjeant o Empire.White .Capt. Border 0 Kangaroo.... white with kangaroo. Mr, Redgrave 0 South Carolina..Blue and white.. Capt. Gardiner O The Louis. Blue and white and Blue. Capt. Tallman 0 Howard's boat, built expressly for this race, is neither more nor less than a gig with a whaler's head and stern; and we are the more ready to exclaim this fact to the committee on account of the eagerness displayed by her owner to disqualify a le gitimate competitor for the prize. The three-American skippers, whose boats by the way, were the whippers-in of the hunt, have sent in written protests against " Stop and fetch if,'' alleging that she is not bona fide a whale boat. Notwithstanding this advantage, and backed by the muscular prowess of the gigantic Mullhall's, the race was closely contested between the two boats. We subjoin a list of the crews. STOP AND FETCH IT. George Mullhall John Mullhall Johny Blue Jack Taylor Billy Howard SIR CHARLES Charles King Jack Royland Yankee Bill Mossman's Jack John Boulton TENTH MATCH. No. 10 Morryat's Code. To start at 3 P. M. For a Gig und Dingy.- The gig not under twenty feet. The race to be decided in twenty minutes, The man in the dingy, must be caught by the bow man in the gig. Two matches. Prizes £5 each. A larking affair as usual. The dingy won the first, the gig the second prize. Thus terminated the Regatta of 1847 thus was celebrated the 59th Anniversary of the Colony;--but, as it were indis- solubly to bind the yolk which has long linked the destinies of New South Wales with the fortunes of that gallant corps, -known as the Omega of the British Army, .'-the followers of the Potatoe taking DES PARD,-a serious disturbance was got up by a few drunken scamps belonging to this regiment. Lives were endangered-dis- cipline outraged-the peace of our Sovereign Lady disturbed and the dignity of au thority defied, Quiet and unobtrusive folks who had ventured with their families to witness the amusing programme, little dreaming that riot would ensue, were driven away in alarm and trepidation, whilst the murderous onslaught of both soldiers and Civilians, led men " of sterner stuff"' to look sideways for Sunday. We very much regret to record such a disgraceful finale, but "what must be must." The row com menced by a soldier of the 99 th striking a boy ; this outrage was resented by the mob, when the soldier! ! rushed into the Fort to call his comrades to his assistance, and a general fight ensued. The soldiery were eventually driven back, and mounting the 'Fort. They continued to pelt stones indis- criminately at the populace from the ram- parts. The interference of officials was disregarded, till at length a guard of moun- ded police arrived to escort the red coats from the ground, a manouvre which was effected with some difficulty. A strong detachment of the 58 th had marched from the barracks with fixed bayonets, but hap- pily their interference was dispensed with and by 7 p.m. quietness was restored. Our next issue will contain the decision of the .Committee with regard to the numerous protests entered, and we trust, that as these will assuredly be based upon the strictest immpartiality, general, satisfaction will be given. 