ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. RENEWAL OP TRANSPORTATION. To tito Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMEN,-I perceive by your paper of the 18 th instant, that a meeting of the electors of Argyle has beer called, to be held at Mandel son's Inn, Goulburn, on Monday, the 4th Janu- ary next, for considering Mr. Gladstone's pro- posal for the renewal of transportation to this colony, and whit steps it may be necessary to take in the present alarming dearth of labour. And as the views of the gentlemen signing the requisition were declared moro fully at a preli- minary meeting, on the 10th instant, we can be at no loss to know their object. Being myself an avowed opponent to a re- newal of transportation in any shape, or on any terms, and considcringit a subject of the utmost importance to this colony, both as relating to this life and tho next, I lose no time in offer- ing upon it a few hints for your consideration. This meeting being called, as appears from the report of tho preliminary meeting of tho 10th, at the same place, in opposition to the public meeting held»t tho Royal Hotel in Goulburn, on tho 6th instant, Major Lockyer, in the chair, when petitions were adopted to tho Queen, Lordi, and Commons of Great Britain against thc renewal of transportation to this colony, it wss denied that, at that meeting, tho county or its opinions upon this subject hod 'been fairly represented. Now, although there did not appear any reason to anticipate that any of those gentlemen, or any others main- taining the same views, should not be heard at the prior meeting, yet as they have sum- moned another with an object avowedly oppo- site, I am jware that at the approaching meet- ing there will be exhibited all the sophistry and eloquence in their cause found in Argyle. Therefore, should there be present any of those gentlemen who, ns tho worthy momber for Parramatta asserted, owe their .present rank in~ society to the transportation system, and who might wish to speak on the side ol virtue and religion, they may be beard with disregard or something worse. It must, how- ever, bo sdmitted that these gentlemen are in the secret of convictism, and possess the greater share of practical knowledge of the working of the «ystem, and of the value of convict labour. They are also best acquainted with tho convict history of Now South Wales. However some of these gentlemen may be deficient in rhetoric, they have wisdom and virtue enough to cause them to reprobate the chimera of saving the colony from the direful evils of the old mode of transportation by allowing felons, ! petty elimináis, or (so called) HALF- KEFOUMEO coúvictí,. &c;, to come here free to choose their own master, at a certain govern (kent rato of wage», without patting throo|j trié ordeal of olden-limes. " Truly,' sr they, " we should soon havo convie .ervants enough to our own oost and eterna reproach, and that of the mother country !' It has come within my knowledge that some o the advocates for convict labour are not si " tied to the country" as to bc ablo to say witl Dr. Murphy, "como weal, come woe, w cannot escaue"-for tho thought of escapinj with their children from this land of pollution is a stimulus to their exertions. Others thor are who, in the belief of its being a fre oolony, had ndopted it as an inheritance tb their children, would, in the event of its agah becoming a receptacle for convicts, remove ti j another colony, or return to their native land I even at a great sacrifice-considering there i no loss equal to that of virtue and religion; Prizes are given in England for the best odi or essay written on some particular subject What subject can be of more importance to thi honour and welfare of this rising empire thai the present question ? The pen, therefore, tha can snatch us from annihilation from among thi free nations of tito earth, is Burely worthy o: ample reward. Tho ninny excellent things OE this subject contained in the Herald, are onlj read by a comparatively small number of the community, and are seldom preserved. Bul let these be selected by a skilful hand, with some of the reports of the meetings against transportation, and tho petition to the Queen, Seo., adopted at each meeting, appended, with a sufficient number ot blank leaves for signatures; and let the friends of social and religious im- provement endeavour in their various districts to obtain signatures. And even in the event ol a failure (which is not to bo dreamt of) such a memorial would remain a lasting honour to all who now refuse to fall down and worship the golden image. I do flatter myself, gentlemen, that if some such measure as this were adopted, it would silence sceptics and gainsayers, throw down the golden imago in thc plains of Dara, and diffuse throughout the land such a spirit of freedom DB will re- dound, through tho blessing of God, to the peace and happinesi of the present and future generations of Australia. Is it not surprising, Gentlemen, that among thoso who seem ready to sacrifice anything for a supply of labour, not one seems to have turned his eyes upon the starving thousands in England and Ireland. Nobly indeed has.the appeal to our sympathies in behalf of the desti- tute Irish been respmded to in this colony ; we have not, es a people, Been our bro. ther in want and ihut up our bowels of compassion from lim ; and might not some of those wh< profess to plead for some new modiflcaton of convictism aa a matter of necessiy admit the superior claim of thoBe whom vant and not crime has brought under publiov.otice ? Might not some plan of promoting eradiation of thc virtuous and really free (not fred men) of our native countries be thought uon to meet this " dire necessity" for cheap Ibour, and prevent the putrid waterB of the ead sea of convictism from again extending ¿er and settling on our land. This were an indertaking peculiarly becoming tho ministers f Him who " cannot look upon iniquity," yet " delighteth in mercy." Thus would hey plead nt once the cause of religion and' oorality with that of humanity. Several of the Roraiti Catholic clergy of this colony havo done onour to themselves, and to their Church, ; i the part they havo taken in the present uestion. They have pleaded nobly on the sidiof religion and public morals. What shall wuhen say respecting those, the ministers of my Church in this community, who come dwn from tho sacred eminence of the pulpit mrely to advocate the causo of convict labour upn tho principles of gain and loss!! It ii tho duty of every pastor to warn his ilöc. against that vice especially which can neve be satisfied, and renders them tho abhorrem of Almighty God. Aye ! and if they be good shepherds, and do indeed care for the »ck over which tho Holy Ghost hath made tom overseers, they will be as careful to prote, them, especially the lambs, from this moil disease, as our flockmasters are to guard »ainst tho scab or tho catarrh ; otherwise, -trii ore they better than hirelings? Moreover" Christ ileuln.CT »Uot " No man can serve tVi masters"-that wo "cannot serve God andlammon." The exposition of this text, by a jamed and pious Doctor of the Church of Enpnd, is plain and forcible. " God commands s to keep our hearts," said that experiencédivine, "Mam- mon our wealth, with all diligice, or above all keeping. -Again, God comnnda us to sorrow for sin-Mammon, for losses. God commands I confession of Christ, and to ob/ the truth as it is in Jesus. Mammon himmands pru- dence, wariness, and time solving, and never to hazard any wrjUly good for tho sake of religion, "he righteous man is bold as a lion, trus'tig in his God, The Mammonist trusts in his Wilth, and dares not forsake the shrine of Mamriw unless he has nn assurance it shall cost hinttiothing. In a word, self, worldly, sensual se, is the Mam- mon which cannot bo served; ) conjunction with God; for if it be served, iti jn competi- tion with Him, and in contraction to Him. Christ does not say we must notjr we should not, but we cannot serve God at Mammon we cannot love both. Let us, hen, choose this day whom we will serve, andbide by our choice." I remain, Gentlemen, ,. Your obedient servat, AN ELECTOR Q. ARGYLE. 