TIMOTHY SHORTS JOURNAL OF PASSING EVENTS Is a creditable affair for a single brain to ' nave produced, but has the fault of sameness, which is almost sure to attach itself to the ef- forts of unaided exertion. Hood was the only man we ever met with who could do a thing of this kind alone, and even in his writings there was a mannerism pardonable only from its ex j cellenca. His wit, however, was. of a higher caste than that of our amnsiptr friend Timothy. Hood could play with ideas, the most that I Timothy can do is to handle words, and he does not always handle even them well. Some ' of his jokes are very poor, and some absolutely worthless. The department called " Extracts" ¡ may be taken as a specimen -deserving only the latter epithet. To several others, the former may be applied-particularly to those in -which the gist of the joke hinges ou the absurd use of a particular name. One cannot but laugh at such an extraordinary stringing together of words as "Edward Pavelin, Esq.;" but the laugh over (the effect only of sudden surprise), the joke is done with, and it would be difficult perhaps to say whether we had laughed with or at the author. There are a few fairish puns, hut they are puns on words only-they depend on sound and spelling-puns of the lowest order, which can but excite the ghost of a smile, as faint as it is transitory. We hardly know how to give any extracts ; for the more we look over the paper the flatter it seems--therefore, to pun after Timothy's fashion, we cannot flatter it. Our readers, how- ever, must bear with a little that is bare of in- terest, as it is with us a matter of principle to quote a few of the principal paragraphs, which may not, indeed, harmonise better with the rest of our paper than a " pair of grafts" (oh, Ti- mothy, this would be too bad even from you) from the dandelion, which would, '.'harm, one's eyes" (worse and worse), if intruded on an oak. Timothy, however, is a lion, if not a dandy (this would do for him), and his Journal of Passing Events will pass in event (for shame Í) of our having no better. Good bye, Tim, O thy short sentences are perhaps thy best-so we will pass on thee a short sentence, and leave the rest. Of Timothy's peculiar style, the following will give the reader a notion : Botör. This morning, jost after midnight. To Day, son of Tester Day. HARRIED. On the 39th ult., by the Rev. Mr Calton, at the " Royal Admiral," Bran Dy Cognac, Esquire, to Warm Water, daughter of T. Kettle, Esq. The bride was accompanied by Miss Sugar, and was given away by China Jug, Eeq. DIED. At midnight last, Yester Day, aged twenty four hours. The melancholy event occurred but an instant before the birth of his son and present heir. 