THE MINISTRY. (From a correspondent of the Liverpool Albion, March I.) It is very doubtful if the Chancellor of the Exchequer will be able on Monday to move the resolutions for the loan in the committee of ways and means. His health has been so shattered with the never ending, still beginning torment of Ireland, that his naturally irritable temper has been rendered ten times more than usually atrabilarious ; and this, again, acting upon.his constitution, has well nigh disabled him from office altogether, the undischarged duties of which devolve on the unfortunate Premier, who looks as if he had not had an hour's sleep for the last six months, and that then he had a night-mare as large as the late respected Chuny, the elephant, for his bed-fellow. Labouchere spems everlastingly on the point of going to say something important and had suddenly forgot what it was. He is worked to that degree, that his once white hat has turned the colour of a canary smothered in catsup, with sympathetic grief, and the man himself could look the ghost in Hamlet off hand, without an instant's preparation, or the expen- diture of a farthing in dour to whiten his face. It must haye been some Sunday in the middle of last week when a razor and his chin had their most recent interview, the former evi- dently cutting it short with uncommon little ceremony. Lord Grey, the only other really labouring man in the Cabinet, is also nervous and dys- peptic, if one may judge from his appearance, which amply confirms all that report alleges of his ailments. People do say that the famous visionary head, so long a familiar oí the waking i dreams of the great earl his father, is not a stranger to his lordship. Though not much ! more than forty he looks full fifteen years older, and appears to be more sensitive than ever of those physical infirmities which contrast so painfully with the noble proportions and majestic aspect of his progenitor. It is said, also, that since his succession to the earldom, the fact of his being childless, and likely to die so, coupled with other circumstances of a do- mestic nature, predisposes bim to indulge in the constitutional hypochondriasis to which there has been a tendency in so many of his family, and that this is much aggravated by the hurry and harrassing to which he, in common with his colleagues, is now subjected, though, with the exception of the three just mentioned, they appear to endure their troubles with philosophic stolidity. As for Lansdowne, an earthquake under his nose any hour in the day, except at dinner time, would not disturb his superahounding placidity and joviality, though he takes a most active and energetic part in the doings and cogitations of the Cabinet. But if he consulted his own love of ease, he would have bid good evening to the Ministry long ago. He has been a frequent visitor to the British Hotel ever since O'Connell's illness assumed a serious complexion, and so too has Lord John Russell. As for the other Ministers, though in the Cabinet, they are not of it, in experiencing fully the anxieties of the present crisis. Pal-, merston has been so long in the. Foreign-office, that he has no more susceptibility on the score of public agitation than one of his own dispatch boxes, or Sir James Graham himself. Lord Morpeth is always in such a tremendous flurry about some thing or otiier, that if he were more agitated than usual he would assuredly explode, and probably rival Warner's invisible shell in destructiveness. The Ijord Chancellor looks on admirable terms with himself and the woolsack, and consequently smiles beneficently on every body else ; and as for Campbell, the man is positively growing young and frisky, and almost witty (for a Scotchman), as witness his twitting of Brougham, last night, about not knowing a field of green wheat from lavender. 