THE GREAT APOSTACY ; OR THE CHURCH OF ROME PROVED NOT THE CHURCH OF CHRIST, But the Greatest Enemy to Christ, to His Doctrine, and to His Religion. an answer to cobbett's history of the reforma tion. 78\. In this paragraph you have the assurance to say, " We have seen, my friends, that the thing called the Reformation was engendered in heastly lust, and brought forth in hypocrisy and perfidy." Since this assertion has been abundantly disproved in the foregoing examination of each paragraph, I might' pass: on ; but I must tell you, in the midst of your stupid complacency with your own per formance, that if your ignorance of hjstory did not utterly disqualify you to write on this subject, it is certain that such is the strength of your prejudices, or the want ot integrity in your principles, that it is morally impossible for you to give a just repre sentation of the facts connected with the Reforma tion in England. From one of these causes you have utterly failed to give a true picture of the times and events of which you write. The repre sentations you have given bear less resemblance to the facts of history, than the grossest caricatures do of the originals. Every feature is distorted and every character is outraged ; and your cruelty has given the same names and the same situations to your caricatures which attached to the true historic persons; This reminds one of the cruelties of the heathen persecutors of the primitive Christians, who clothed their victims in the skins of wild beasts, and then exposed them in the amphitheatre to be at ouce a spectacle and a prey. But your pages are not | only loaded with misrepresentation and calumny, they are stained with falsehood ; for there are not fewer than thirty-three direct lies in your first letter, aud thirty-one in the second — making, in both letters, sixty- four; and observe, in this number repetitions of the same lies are net in cluded, for i! they were, the number would be at least double what it is. Thus you are a pretty his torian 1 and the people of England are now highly privileged by having access to your'5 History,'' which is to teach them " more than they have learned or ever will learn from all other histories of England"! Oh that you had been born a little earlier in the world's age ! then our ancestors might have read the great work of an historian who believes and as serts that " the Catholic religion (that is, Popery) was the only Christian religion in the world for fifteen hundred years after the deatb of Christ,"— that" the name of Christ was not pronounced in this land un til six hundred years after the death of Christ,"— t-and who believes that" Ann Boleyn was the daughter of King Henry the Eighth." To be serious,— in concluding the examination of your first two letters, I am compelled to say that I never before met with so much mistateraent, false statement, gloss, and deception, in the same quantity of composition, as in these letters, nor do I expect 1 shall again, unless by the same author. 79\. Having written sixty-four lies in the space of seventy-eight paragraphs, you, nevertheless, com mence your third letter with as much assurance as if all you had before advanced was true; but surely by this time your reader will be convinced that all that you have written ought to be suspected. Your clas sing Cranmer and the Popish tyrant Henry VIII. together is only the effect of your malice, or of your ignorance ; and therefore your oratory about " al most wishing to be a foreigner, blushing for the coun try that gave them birth," and so forth— all this goes for nothing. 80\. Disgraceful as it was to be a fellow-country man of the great and good Cranmer, and sunk as the nation previously had been in superstilon, Eng lishmen began at length to see the beginning of better days in the Reformation, of which that great man was the chief promoter in England. The king, both houses of parliament, the bishops, the clergy, and t people in general were in favour of the Reforma tion. Amongst those who opposed it the monks and friais were the chief, of whom an author of great celebrity , even yourself , William, lias said, the monks and the friars had but one single object in view, namely, that of living well upon the labours of others?1 II this was tbecase, although you have overdone the matter, how then was it to be expected that they should be acquiescent or silent when the saw ;the [Reforma tion proceeding, which in its progress was sure to expose their craft and ruin their credit ? 81\. And yet you have selected two from this fra ternity, two friars, for the subjects of a most splendid eulogium. It is amusing enough to hear you begin the exordium of this oration in the following canting style Of all the duties of the historian, the most sacred is that of recording the conduct of those who have stood forward to defend helpless innocence against the attacks of powerful; guilt." Respecting the conduct of these two friars, Peyto and Elston, it will be found, on an impartial examination, thai there was nothing in their conduct, in the whole affair alluded to, that deserves either to be greaily praised or greatly blamed. 82\. If Peyto in discharging liis function as chap lain to the king, in bis conscience thought it was his duty publicly to reprove the king for what he con ceived to be sinful in him, I cannot see the justice of branding him, in history, as an insolent fellow. If Elston, on the following Sunday, on hearing Dr Curwin call Peyto a rebel, a slanderer, a dog, and a traitor, stood forth boldly before the assembly and defended his brother, who was then absent, I see not the propriety of handing his name down tu posterity blackened wiih reproaches. There were courage and candour, in every act of their conduct, however, much their Popish prejudices were concerned. But when, on the otber hand, it is remembered how many universities and learned men, at home and abroad, had decided in favour of the divorce, — when it is re membered that the Pope himself was willing to grant Henry a dispensation for a second marriage,— and when it is remembered how indecorously they acted, both as to time and place,— I see little cause for such excessive, praises as you have lavished upon them, 83\. The extravagant burst of admiration you affect — the ten thousand victorL-s by sea and land not bespeaking so much heroism in the winners of them as was shown by these friars on the above occasion, the horoism of the Hampdens and the Russelis sink ing from our sight before their conduct— these rhap sodies show your malignant feeling and your folly; theyfneither reflect credit on your own judg ment, nor improve the minds of your readers But the whole matter has little or nothing to do with the Reformation. 84\. We aye come now to a new subject,— the sup pression of the Pope's supremacy; but before I enter into it I cannot forbear remarking that you are the strangest writer in the world ; you can make a moun tain appear like a mole-hill,' and a mole-hill appear like a mountain, if it suit your purpose. As you can make a subject of history wear a new-painted face, so you can make a ghost of an old stale refuted argn meat rise from the dead and pass in slow and solemn march before us. Yet I do believe yon err more through ignorance than design your strong mind has its strong prejudices, and they completely b ind you. I have thought that the spectacles you wear, when reading the history of the Reformation', must be bewitched ; if not bewitched, yet no doubt some fairy, or sprite, or evif demon (for I am vastly super stitious) changes the glassepf so that you see ail the characters and all the circumstances of that greai erent through a dtstored medium. Still there is something in you, in the midst of all this, that I 'ike ; it is this when you have painted virtue as black as hell itself, you did not fall down and worsnip it; nay, you hate it; you will eveu rise into a kind of righteous indignation against it — against it, not as virtue but as vice. It is this I like in you. There is some hope of a man, wherever his prej udices and vices may be,' to long as 'lie keeps alive in his mind a strong and marked difference between virtue and vice, good and evil. " We now come," say you," to the consideration of that copious source of blood, the suppression of the Pope's supremacy. To deny the king's supremacy was made high treason, and to refuse to take an oulh, acknowledging that supremacy, was deemed a denial ofit,"&c.; You have gotinto such a knack of jum bling things together— good, bad, and indifferent— and of drawing your own conclusion from the unna tural mixture, that unless a man has the eye of an eagle, the gravity of a judge, the coolness of a philo sopher . and the analytical powers of an alcbymist, he will not be able "to deliver the truth from the thraldom into which you have led it captive. Thus you have, in this paragraph, spoken of things indis eriiDinately which ought to be spoken of with the nicest discrimination.- The Pope's supremacy is one , thing, the propriety is another, and the means used for suppressing it is a third. If, as T shall imme diately show, the Pope's supremacy in unscriptural and unreasonable, and is besides an impious usurpa tion of headship over the whole Church of Christ, there was the utmost propriety in suppressing it. Yet although it was proper to suppress it, the con sideration of the means used in its suppression is totally distinct from the thing itself. The means might have been proper, but they were in fact im proper; and here I feel I blush for my country. Whatever evil exists, only such means ought to be used in its suppression and cure as are sanctioned by Scripture and reason, otherwise the remedy may be worse than the evil itself. Yet good and sound prin ciples are not to be abandoned because the folly or wickedness of men has abused them. Therefore, sup posing for argument's sake, that the Pope's supre macy was an evil which ought to be suppressed, what are those methods which Scripture and reason would authorise to be used /or such an end ? — Certainly not the setting, up another temporal head of the Church, — not the creating a local pope,— not the making the king supreme in ecclesiastical matters, and making it high treason to refuse to take an oath acknowledging his supremacy. I therefore disapprove the measures of Henry, of bis parliament, and of those who acted under him or with him in this particular; and I think they have brought a stain upon the Church of England, which her greatest admirers can not justify, and which no time will ever wash away. It is to be lamented that those two worthy men, More and Fisher, did not grace a better eause by their deaths that upholding'the Pope's supremacy in England: truth alone was worthy such a noble sacrifice. 85\. As the Pope's supremacy is the pedestal upon which the huge colossus of Popery stands,— as it is the key-stone in the grand arch of the Papal hier archy, it is worth while to pay some attention to the subject, and to try to ascertain whether or no the doctrine of the Pope's supremacy — whether this pre tended axiom is true or false. You go about to prove it, first by quoting certain passages frem holy Scrip ture, which prove only the unity of the Christian Church. Having proved this with very little trouble, you have shown what neither I nor any Protestant ever denied. But when you have done this, you sup pose you have goue a great way towards your con clusion; but nothing can be more erroneous and foolish than to suppose this; for between the unity of the Church of Christ and the supremacy of the Pope, there is no more necessary connection than there is between the unity of the Godhead and the imposture of Mahomet. You ask, 'SCan we believe in an universal Church, without believing that that Church is one, and under the direction of one head ?" to which I reply certainly not: there is a Church — that Church is one — that one Church is universal— and that universal Church I believe tube continually under the direction of one head. But here follows the hardest question that a Papist or you ever had to solve — a question which never was solved, and which never will be answered with truth — that is, Scnp- tarally — by a Papist, so long as he is a Papist :— the question is this, Who is this head of the Church universal ? Let us hear what kind of answer you give it ; why, you say," Christ deputed Peter to be shepherd in his stead." Is this an answer to the question ? Is this proving the Pope's supremacy ? Christ made all the apostles shepherds; and also every true minister of the Gospel, of whatever name or denomination, who is called to that office by his Spirit, is a shepherd they are all shepherds; but He is the TRUE Shephebd, the Shepherd and Bis hop of souls. Who can wear these titles besides himself? and upon whom did he ever entail them ? You go on to quote Scripture to prove that there is " one Lord, one faith, one baptism.'' This is also ad mitted — what then ? 86\. Why, having proved again what nobody denies — namely that the faith of the universal Church is one— that is, that it is the same in all ages, the same in all places, and the same in all persons (and it must necessarily be so, since the same Holy Ghost, v ho alone can teach the human heart this one true faith, cannot teach two believers opposite or different faiths), — having proved what nobody but reprobates deny, you exclaim, "It is perfectly monstrous to suppose that there can be two true laiths" Yes, it is ; and it is quite as monstrous to suppose that there can be two true heads to the oue universal Church of Christ— namely, the Lord Jesus Christ himself and the Pope of Rome. What argument can be drawn from either Scripture or reason to sanction for a mo ment so indecent, so irreverent an idea ? The impro priety and the inaptitude of the thing does not suffer us to receive it into our minds as a thing possible- to be true, even if the Scripture had not plainly con tradicted it. There is something in the idea very re volting to my mind. It is impiously arrogant in a poor worm like the Pope to say he is the head of the Church on earth, and Christ, who is " God blessed for evermore," the head of the Church in heaven. I could just as easily think of the Supreme Jehovah himself choosing some petty king of the earth to share with him the government of this world — giving him authority to enslave all other princes, and to impose upon them such laws and institutions as he thought fit — and, with reverence I speak it, entering into a kind of partnership with him, in which it is stipulated that the one should be supreme on earth, the other in heaven. You ask, with great exultation, " if we ought to applaud a measure which of nesessity must nr iduce an indefinite number of faiths?" I reply to this question, that so far from applauding such a measure, I would be the first to deprecate it. But there never was and never can be such a necessity— at Iea9t, the Protestunt Reformation produced no such necessity ; so far from it, that it was, in its prin ciple, design, and consequence, a republication to the world of that one faith of which the Scripture you have just quoted speaks (Ephesians iv.5), this one faith having been for many ages buried or corrupted by the Apostate Church of Rome, i You further ask, " does not that which takes away the head of the Church inevitably produce such a state of neces sity ?"' To this 1 reply, that if the bead of fhe Church could be taken away, "mere might be " different be liefs," or no " belief" at all; anarchy and confusion must ensue, and the " gates of hell" would certainly prtvail against the Church ; but such a. thing cannot ever come to pass ; for he who is the Church's Head sits in the heavens, at the right halid of God the Fa ther, having all power in heaven and in earth, and has, moreover, promised to be with his Church, even " to the consummation of the ages" of this world; and the Holy Ghost, which he gives to the true pas tors and true members of his Chutch, has and always will preserve the universal Church in the unity of the faith, in one mind, and in one spirit, even the spirit of charity, or Lve, which alone is the bond of perfect- uess. But if the head of the Church, in the above queston, you mean the Pope of Rome, the question is not pertinent, sines the Reformation did not take away that head, for it still remains. Once more you ask, " How is the faith of all nations to continue to be one, if there be, in every nation, a head of the Church, who is to be appealed to, in the last resort, as to all questions, as to all points of dispute which may arise?" I have already shown you how the faith of the universal Church of Christ — not of the Poj e, mind (lor nations cannot believe)— has been, can be, is, and ever will be one, without any head of the Church but Christ himself. But how there can be anything but pride, oppression, murder, lust, corruption of manners, and all the other evils which Popery has produced, where the Pope sits in the place of God himself, I am not able to show, aud I leave it to you, the advocate of priestcraft, to show how any other consequences could possibly flow from such a blasphemous usurpation of Christ's place and honours. i I will suppose an ingenuous Papist addressing me thus: — You admit there is only one Church, and also that there cannot be two true faiths in that Church ; now then can it be consistent to depart from the com munion of that one Catholic Church— holding, as it does, the only true faith ? Is not such a departure a rending the seapaless garment of our Saviour, and causing a schism in the members of this mystical body? I reply, Certainly I do admit that there is only one Chunh, and only one faith ; but then I deny that the Church of Rome, or, more properly, the hierarchy of Rome, in that one Church ; and 1 deny also that the faith of that hierarchy is the one true faith of Christ's Church, I acknowledge it would be inconsistent, perilous, and sinful to depart from the true Church and from the true faith, because we should be guilty of rending the seamless garment of our Saviour. But the fact is far otherwise : our Protestant forefathers were compelled to quit the Apostate Church, because they could no longer re main, without guilt on their consciences, in her com munion;, and therefore the guilt of the supposed schism does not rest with them but with those who caused them to depart (To be continued.) ' 