GLEA20NGS FROM OCTOBER PAPERS. ! THB-Pa»i* journals are far ihc most *ery au^ry with »he English government «»n account ol ii« opposition to the Mon'pensier mnrriage. The arguments they employ in vindication ol' that procedure will be read wi:h> interest. The Fresse being pressed for th vi eui bono of th«1 marriage contenus that it will prevent the success of the two candidates presen'ed hy England fur -the baud ot the Queen Isabella, and for that of! the Infanta louisa, which implies that tl trill bidder the establishment of English influ ence in Spain. The tiro English candidates, it sterns, ure Vi ince Hf «ry, who was desig nated,at one and the same time, the hope -of the Radicals of Madrid, and of the Merchants of Xjondoii; and Prince Leopold Francis Jules de Saxe Coburg, Captain of Cavalry iu the service of Â usu ia, and cousin of Pi ince Albeit. Toe Epoque holds fortbin much the same strain, and remarks, ** Lord Pa'merstone would certainly hare wondered at the dis content experienced by M. Guizot, had a Prince of the house of Saxe Coburg sup planted the Duke de Mnntpensier. He will permit us to entertain, with regard to ¿tis anger, the feeling in which he would have indulged respecting ours." There were reports- of risings and insur rections, in Spain, and even in the capital ol the country. The lumoured return of the British squadron to Cadiz Bay had produced a sensible effect at the Bourse, ou the 1st October. The Constitutionnel contained the fuWowin.? announcement : - '* We have just received a fetter from tb« Cata onian Frontier, 'elating' tliat eighty in Burg^tits^ amongst whom were Meverai cler gymen^ had been taken and »(tot at Lerida. At La San d'Ufgaia number bf other cler gy men had been executed by-strangulation .Amongst them va's one who is said tu havt ? . - " 1_ fifed Ihe functions of a bishop, and a canon, M bo had bpen a long time f »arish priest of the Feench Village of Fahujah. The same letter mentions that Gouut de Montemolin was in Catelonia. In the Royal Message declared tn the Cortes in September last, announcing the marriage of the Queen and the Infanta, a new era of peace and happiness was promised to the Spanish nation. Ministers bad, however, demanded an increase of the ; military establishment. An hon. deputy j thus commented on the demand- , I ''He did not see what use ministers had fer such a large reinforcement to the j ! army. Thc country was. already suilL j cienlly bmlhened without augmenting its | oppression. They had nothing, to fear from France. France had got all. she ] wanted, and, if the present ministers re- j rnained in- power, would get more - i neither had they anything lo fear fi om Portugal. There could be no use, then, in fiich a l*rge force, miles«, indeed, it might b<> to maintain internal tranquillity. But were, »ot accounts published in the mmi'terial journals daily of the. peace, the happiness, and the supreme content ment of the people under the present clorions system <**' The bon. deputy pro ceeded in a similar ironical vein, and ex cited much mirth in the house. The "Commetcial Magazine" for Oct. contains *' a list of all the clergymen and members of Parliament" who bad sub* scribed to railway de»ids during the past session. The number of clerical sub scribers is 257. Of these, the greater number are for comparatively small1 amounts, of from £2000 to £5«00. Some «<f ibe rectors have gone into th<\- specula tion more extensively. Thus one subscribes : for £ 6.000, another for £2? 500. «bree for £20,0(10 and upwards, sis for £15.00(1 and upward", ten for £10,000 and up wards, fifty-three from £5,000 to £9.000, and the remainder from £2000 to £5000. Ti>e members of Parliament, however, are subsc-tbers for much larger sums, and are 157 i" ii»rab<r. We have one for £291.000, another for £250 OM), *u; iher tor £ 178.000, another £153&00, another for £144.000, two f»»r nearly £120,000, and many fur from £20.000 to £80,000. This shows what powerful in terest bas enabled railways to progress through Parliament. Taking advantage of the present desperate condition of Ireland, Mr O'Connell has propounded a plan which appears to have for i's object the establishment of a son of national convention in Ireland, which, if it would'not supetsede, would in thorne mea sure diiect and control the I tish Executive. He, artfully enough, i< endeavoring lo enlist hi b e plan the landed interest. An important provtMon against dis turbing religious assemblies appears in the Act ot la-1 session (9th and 10th Victo»ia, cap. 59), to relieve her Majesty's subjects fro.n cet tain penalties and disabilities in regard to religious opinions. The laws hitherto in force against any person ma. hciou-iy or contemptuously disquieting any licensed congregation or preacher, apply'to all congregations lawfully meeting for re ligious worship, aud the persons officiating thereat. A fetter from Brest, of the 26«h Sept., states that the Major General of the Navy reviewed ou the day previous the followfttje* troops, about to be embarked for Oceaubr; 1,30Q maiiueig, 200 soldiers of artiller^, 50 artillerv operatives, and 50 sappeis aud miners. 50 gendarmes were also to Jtie embarked for the same destination._ 1 sat hy the «»pen wiudow on a fine dewy evening. Tiie birds had retired to rest, anti die tire-flies bespangled the darkness. I raised my eyes to the milky war,, and recollected that I had not a chan shirt fir Sunday. The editor cf an exchange says he never saw but one ghost, and that was the ghost of a sinner who died witt iou l paying for his paper. " 'Twas terrible to look upon ! the ght-st tn Hamlet was nota circumstance/* In the streets of Leicester one day," Dean Swift was accosted by a drunken v¿aver, who, ».taggeiing against his reverence, said, ** IN e been spinning it out." *. Yes/'said the Désn,J,rI i*ee you haye^ and you ate reeling it home." * 