FAREWELL TO THE POPE 4- OR, REASONS FOR RENOUNCING THE CHURCH OF ROME. BY J. J. MAtTRETTK. Late Priest of the Parish of S erre ( Ariegef. INTRODUCTION While many Protestant divines are unhappily apostatizing to the Church of Rome, and numerous Romish Priests are vigorously spreading their per nicious errors among our people, -It is some compen sation to lhose who deplore these calamities, that in France and Germany the tide rushes in an opposite direction. In France especially, whole communes have recently cast off the supersttons of the rapacy, and embraced, the glorious truths of the blessed Gos pel. Not a few of the priests also have not only re nounced the apostacy, in which they have been nursed, but in the face of persecution and reproach, have givin irresistible reaspns for th'e better faith that is in them. Amoug these i» the Abbe Maurette, who furnishes a short but noble reason for his change in these words, 44 1 abjure Popery to embrace the doc trines of Jesus Christ." He abandons the traditions of roan for the truths of God ; the worship of the creatur for that of the Creator ; aud trust in a spu rious sacrifice for faith and confidence in the perfect propitiary sacrifice made once for all, for the sins of them that believe. Ilis little work is '.an exposition at length— elo quent, simple, and in most points truly satisfac tory—of his reasons .for abjuring the Roman system and embracing Protestant, that is, Scriptural Chris tianity. The « oik has exdited a great sensation on the con tinent, and no little interest in our own country, and the present faithful translation, if is hoped," is calculated to increase it. Jt is plain, from the ex perience of the Abbe Maurette, that Romanism is the same in the nineteenth century, in all its sub stantial features, that it was in the tenth or four teenth. It is what has been from the beginning, a scheme which, assuming the name of religion, pro fesses to meet man's perplexities and quell fiis fears, while it keeps him at a distance irom ixoa, 11 so provides for roao's love of sin, and h s dread of its penalties, that he is encouraged in indulging the ,one, and is hardened against the influence of the other. It keeps down the fears of conscience by confessions, penances; and absolutions, and then allows its victim to go on unchecked, until conscience feels another paroxysm and drives him to the confessional lor ano ther opiate. Thus it keeps man really an Infidt), while it makes him believe he is really a Christian. An exposure of these, its deadly errrors, by one who once fully believed, and too faithfully taught them, is of immense value at all times, and especially at the present moment ; and the more extensively it can be circulated among the great mass of our population, the more extensive and blessed, we believe will be iti effects. Let us be thankful for our .Protestant Christian ity. Let us praise God that he has brought another priest out of darkness into its marvellous light. Abjuring Popery as Mauret'e has done, let us with him embrace and hold fast the doctrines of Christ. Let us cleave to the Bible, pur only rule of faith— " alone the religion of Protestants." It is the char ter of our rights, the. palladium of our safety, the sacred ensign around which freedom finds its firmest footing, humanity its bravest champion, and reli gion its purest altar. What it repudiates is heresy, what it rebukes is sin, what it commands is interest and duty, and what it is silent on is nat essential to salvation. Let us cleave to Christ and Him crucified. This is at once the essential and distinctive doctrines of Christianity ; the Gospel without this great truth is the atmosphere without its oxygen. It is the trunk , and other boughs and branches; and social prosper-: ity, and peace and happiness are but as the parasite plants that feed on it and derive their beauty and permanence from it. If we let. these great truths perish from cur creeds and hearts we part with our strength : we-give up the sun for a taper, and the bread of God for the husks of swine; and the church that surrenders it will perish like a lighthouse in the sea. Tt so tLo rvvfiu? rlocrnn ant) end of the Monpmpnt to II IS ' Uv t(IVUI — ---— -- 44 bring us io God/' No priest, no pope or ceremony or sacrament, or church, or angel,' or archangel, may come between us and God. This is Protes tantism, Popery brings man to the priest, the sacra- ment, the church— but not to Cod, Let us cleave to the Holy Spirit as our only life- giying Lord. He only can change the heart. No ecclesiastical rite, however valuable— no sacrament, however precious, can make new creatures. Man's ruin is too great ; were humanity in a swoon or faint, the lustra! waters of baptism might revive it, baptism might revive It,- but man is dead in tres passes and sins, and noue qui Deity can quicken the dead. There is no atoning efficacy in tears and sufferings; there is none anywhere but in the sacrifice of Jesus, There is no regenerative energy but in the Holy Ghost.- The clear and cordial belief of these truths is the Best preservative against Romanism. We have not j one moments doubt however of the ultimate and uni versal ascendancy of Protestant Christianity. It has too many allies around it, and too many victories behind: it, to allow us to fear for its future prospects. It is sustained by- reason and must in the end triumph over folly ; it is upheld by the deepest and truest feelings of conscience, and its sovereign y is sure ; it is founded on the word of God, and it will have free course and be glorified, and the writings of.. Fa?, thers aud school man must atl be conformed to its truths, or perish in its way to victory. The most plausible and popular errors are ephemerial ; the least and most unpalatable truth is eternal. The Abbe Maurette is a first-fruit of mighty mul titudes that are soon tp follow-. He has heard the Apocalyptic voice ' Come out of her my people," and he has led the puth of peril simply because he has seen it to be the path of dury. He ought to have the fervent prayers of the people .of God. He needs them. The least we can do for him is to spread these kindling sentiments of his which have come from the depths oj hts heart, .and to implore on his head the protection, aud his toils, the blessing of the God and Father of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Educated horn my earliest infancy in the religiou principles of the Church of Rome, I devoted my whole youth to the strictest observance of all its forms and duties. My veneration for the Romish priest was such, that I looked upon him, if rot as the Deity himself, at'least es bis elect, the depository . of his heavenly decrees ; spurning luxury, effeminacy, and all earitily pleasures ; 4 comforting and relieving the afflicted, giving them patience under their suffer- ingr, and a happy issue out of all "their afflic tions." Such are the attributes with which my imagination had endowed the priest : thence the cravings I felt for such a spiritual and social condition. When twenty- years of age, I entered the seminary of Toulouse,- where I studied : theology. In 1823 owing to the creation of the Bishopric of Pamiers, I was removed with my fellow students of the Ariege, to the semi nary of our new diocese, and ordained priest the same year at Christmas. Henceforth my services were inconstani requisirion, and I acquitted myself of my religious duties towards my parishioners without once incurring the censure of my superiors. My calling frequently brought' me in contact with persons whose profession and education should have rendered them, for me and many others living exam- pies of faith and charnty ; whereas most of them were met/seeking to oppress their fellow creatures, re sorting to every means to entrap them, Laving no faith in the tenets of the Church of Rome, and show ing by their conduct their utter contempt for those commands, the strict performance of which they en joined toothers on pain of eternal damnation. The conduct of those men, so little conformable to the lawn of the Church gave birth to doubts which I strove to banish from my mind, But not withstanding my prayers, the duties of ray holy of fice nad my constant recourse to mass, all my efforts proved utterly useless. Moreover I applied to some of my brethren, who far from relieving my anxiety on the snbject greatly added to it by acknowledging that they were in the same trouble as myself. Finally, for the restoration of my peace of mind, I resolved ;g devote, myself to the exclusive performance of my religious dutiesj- and: 10 leave my parish as seldom1 a> possible, In 1838, 1 heard that the Archbishop of Toulouse had attacked, in one of his charges, the doctrines pro cessed by the Reformed Christians, and that the lat- iter had replied to the attack. In accordance with ;ihe desire of two of my brethren, I procured the reply which was made to the pontiff. This controversy created within us a thirst for the study of other works, whence we acquired the conviction that the Romish Religion, with its present doctrines and rites, is nought but a mixture of Judaism and Paganism, through which the light of Christianity is barely visi ble. The contents of these works satisfied us that there is only one single and eternal sacrifice, and that Christ is the true, the only sacrificer;-— that it is by faith only, and not in substance, as the Church of Rome hath it, that we can partake of the body of Jesus Christ in the Eucharist ; that Jesus Christ is the only intercessor, and that through him only we have acceptance with the Father;— that fay faith in Christ, only are we saved, saved by the grace of God alone ; —that the wo d of God, as it is set forth in the Old and New Testament, is the Chris hn'sonly doctrine, the only foundation of his faith; — that hereafter, there are two places ouly, heaven and hell ; that the Pope is only Bishop of Rome, and that his authority ex tends no further. * The ' Sacrificateur' is he who officiates at the Communion Table, according to the Church of Rome, the body of our saviour is contained in sub stance in the Eucharist; thus we may account for the use of the word ' sacrificer.' — Tr. Through these works we acquired the knowledge that, in the days of the apostles, and during nearly the first six centuries of the church, 4 all worship consisted (according to St. Justin, Apolog. 2) ih read ing the writings of the prophets and apostles,— in prayer, addressed directly to God in fthe name of Jesus Christ, for kings, for our friends and our ene mies, and for all mankind ;— in singing psalms and canticles ; in the administration of bap'.ism by wa- ter, in the name oj the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;— in .partaking of the Holy Supper, celebrated with bread and wine, in remembrance ol int. Ucdtli Ul our 0dYlvUl j-!!! lilt# UUScl ViltJWC OJ (HO feasts of Easter and Penticost ; and lastly in th e col lections made for the poor on Sundays and holy days." , ' From this same source we derived the conviction that the doctrine of the Romish church is in direct op position to the word of God ; this opposition we may at once clearly demonstrate by the co mparison of some few injunctions, which it will suffice to select from nuroerous_olhers that might still be brought forward Thus — " doctrine ofthe church christian doctbiee. of rome. The word of God says; The Second Council of — 44 Tdou shalt not make Nice ordains, in these to thyself any graven im- words, the worship of tin ege; thou shaft not bow ages Those who say, down thyself to them, nor ilaow down to images, serve them." (Exod.xx. but I do not worship them, shall be condemned as heretics by the Holy Fa ther " In the Synodal Epistle St, Paul, in bis Epis of the above named Coun. tie to the Romans (I, 22, cilwefind the following: and 23) says; 4! Profes- _<< We believe beyond a sing themselves to be wise doubt that it is necessary they became fools; 'and to bow down to and wor- changed the glory of the ship images ; whomsoever incorruptible God into as hath not this opinion, but image made like to cor- is in doubt or in pain on ruptible man."- And in the subject of the wor- his first Epistle to the ship of images, our holy Corinthians (viii 4.) he council will hold aceur- says, 44 We know that an sed." The same council idol is nothing in the says, 44 There is no differ- world, and that there is ence whatever between none other God but one." the worship of the image: Andiu his first Epistle aud the homage offered to to the Thessalonians (i. 8 the person whom it repre- and 9), he says; "In sents." every place your faith to God's word is spread abroad ; so that we need not to speak to anything; how you turned to God from idols, to serve the living and true God." D 1 si) nW rtf f n Vise fi KOf anidtin yOnsiaUHU) WIOUUJI " « " SJIO UIOI cjji9t.tcj o<"« Constance, says, in pre- John says4 Little children senee of this council, keep yourselves from idols without meeting with the (v. 21 ) least reproof, 4 For my own part, I ofikr unto images the same homage i - as to the Holy Trinity." f (Act. 4.) The Church of Rome The word of God says tells us that the Pope is 44 And (God) bath put all the Sovereign Pontiff, the things under his (Christ's) head and the foundation feet, and gave him to be of the Church. (Eell de the kead over all things to Ponli/,, lib. 2) the Church, which is his body/' (Epb. i. 22 and -23 ) And again, St. Paul, in his first epistla to the Corrintbians (iii. 11,) says 44 For other foundation can no man lay than that, is laid, which is Jesus Christ/' The Church of Rome " Jesus Christ in his forbids on pain of exo'om- Gospel according to St. munieation, the use of Matthew (xxvi, 27). says ; the cup to the people. u Drink ye all of it." (Council of Const., Sess, 13) The- Chnrch of Rome, The word bf-God tells absolves the faithful from us that all' liars shall have the obligation of redeem, their part in the lake ihg the word they have which burneth wilit fire pledged to those whose and brimstone." (Rev, xxi belief is not orthodox. 8.) And St Paul classes (Couneii of Constance, amongst the most heinous Sess, 19 ) crimes the sin of those men who are 44 covenant . breakers." (Rom? i. 31. The Church of Rome Jesus Christ in his Gos- ordains that the true be- pel according to St. lievermust not rest a'ssu- John (v 47 ) says; 44 He red of: his salvation, who balieveth in me hath (Council of Trent, Sess, 6 eternal life." Again, in St. Mark (xvi. 16. our di vine Saviour says; 44 He who believeth in me, shall be saved," The Church of Rome Jesus Christ says, in holds .it a deadly sin to the Gospel according to eat meat on certain days St. -Matliew xv./' Not that prescribed by the.Pope, ' which gdeth into the mouth defileth a man, but that which cometh out of the mouth/' And in his first epistie to the Corinthians, (x25. 26.) St Paul says, , . . "Whatever is sold in the. shambles, that eat, asking no questions for con science sake, for the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness theieof/' The Chureh of Rome Jesus Christ, according tells us that there are cer- to St Matthew (xviii, 20), tain places more holy says, 44 Where two or than others, and that it three are gathered toge- is a pi ons work to make ther- in my name, there pilgrimages to them, am I in the midst of them The Church of -Rome Jesus Christ, in St.. tells us that our Lord John v. 24. says- 44 Verily, Jesus Christ has not Verily, I say unto you, he whsly redeemed us from that hearcth roy word, the punishment we have and believeth on him that incurred for our trans- sent me, hath everlasting gressioss, Council -of life, and shall not come Trent-, Session 6) into condemnation; but is passed from death unto 4 life." The Church of Rome The word of God says ; enjoins the invocation- of 44 For there- is one God- saints, and holds them as and one mediator be- so many mediators be- tween God and ment the tween God and mam man Christ Jesus." (First Epistle of Paul to Timo thy, ii. 5.) The Church of Rome JesnsChrist.in St, John denies unto iaymen the (v, 39) commands us to permission to read the read the Holy Scriptures, Holy Scriptures. Seethe . 4 Search the Scriptures. Bull Uaigeaitus, the En- cyclical Epistle of. Pope' ; " . Leo XlI. 1824, and the' Encvlical- Epistle of G rc- jgQry: XVI., 1844.) 