THE DEATH SHIP. One morning in the month of August, 182—, li is Majesty's lirig R was becalmed in the narrow strait that di vides the beautiful Isle of Scbio from the main land of Asia ; being pretty near the shore, I went up into the tnaiti- tup, whence the island preaented one. unbroken line of verdure, from the shingly beach lo the summit of the vine- clad lulls that stretch from end to end. My attention was arrested by the appearance of a sail of a peculiar and strange character, at the entrance of the strait. .She had just rounded a small point of laud, and seemed to be a forc- nnd-aft-rigged vessel of small size, but under no command . her boom jibbed every roll she took with a gentle swell —her gaff hung down as if the peak haulyards had been cut, ami her fore- try sail sheet was evidently adrift by the flapping of the canvass. " Webb," cried I, addressing the man at the mast head, " do you see that schooner-rigged craft outside there : she seems to be adrift somehow or other ?" "Wheie 1 Oh, aye, 1 sees her now ; she's a square looking gigamarce sort of tiling and the next moment he hailed the deck lo report her. — The attention of the entire deck was now attracted towards the strange vessel — the officers reconnoitred her with the glasses — the Jacks had to employ their own eyes, hut this did not prevent tlieni from passing their various opinions on whut she was likely tu prove. Descending from the aloft, I joined the latter, and listened tu the following dialogue of these unsophisti- cated sons of the sea. " I'll tell von what it is, tny mates," said an old fore castle man of the name of Ronton, " I think as how that 'ere craft has been robbed by pirates ; and I'm blest if we shouldn't root them out asclcan'sa leek. I'll bet any man a week's grog to a tot, that all her crew's beeu made to walk the plank." " For my part," said a foretopmati, " 1 likes to have nothing to do with 'em, it's always sure to be boat work, and that's the devil an' a'l for knocking a poor fellow up— you know that. Why, we was arter, and took n polacre-riggcd craft once when 1 was in the Scringapnlam ; and after chasing her a whole day, we lost eight as brave fellows as ever stepped a ship's deck, in boarding the cut-throat rascals ; hang me, if 1 wouldn't sooner be in action it whole watch, yard-arm and yard-arm, with a slashing frigate, than be on a wild goose-chase for a day or two in an open boat, on what is but at the best a thief-taking job." The strange vessel was about two miles distant, and still rolled as if not under command ; a boat, which I' accompanied, was therefore dispatched to overhaul her. We were within a short distance of the stranger, when Joe, who fidgeltcd about on the taflrail of the boat said, " I'm blest, Mr, Murphy, if 1 likes to have ought to do with them ere kind o 'craft— she's not lucky— she's clinker- built — devil a bit of 'em." " I'll tell you what it is, sir, Mr. Murphy," said one Hill Dennis, an Irishman ; " is it you that's a county Cork man, and doesn t know the natharal consc- quensh of going on board a vessel com manded by the dhevil 1 Och, musha grah I 1 always thought an Irishman was careful of his honour ; and bless tny sowl, Sir, where's the honour in having a set -to wid such an old soot- bag, when it's may be you wonT'got a good malavadering,and be blieal black and blue, and as many colers as the rainbow, and never sees the fist as does it." " Hold your jaw, Dennis, or I'll hit yon a clip with the tiller," said the Middy, in a tone that silenced fur ther discussion. So forward we went, rather reluctantly, to be sure, when the man next the bow-oar, on looking round' with a suspicious glance, caught a crab, and he was thrown back on the thwart, bellowing like a bull ; he was soon relieved, and giving the boat a sheer alongside, it was " in bow, and hook on by the main chains. '"Fol low me," said Mr. Murphy lo Pcnton and some others, " and. let's see who is in her." If old Joe had got a pistol snapped in his teeth he would not have been more chop-fallen than at this salu tation ; for, although a brave old fellow in every other respect, he had the heart of a chicken when he thought he had to deal with anything supernatural. "Can't you come along, Benton," said Mr. Murphy, laughing, " what are you afraid of maul" This made Joe start, and drawing a pistol from his belt, he followed up the side, saying, " Oh, 1 wish I was in the old Macedonian again, and out of this infernal ghost- hunting hooker!" A solemn silence was preserved during the few minutes occupied in ascending the side, and we found ourselves standing on the gang way gazing about us and at one another, awe-struck by the death-like stillness that reigned throughout the vessel -, even the black dog had disappeared, which made Benton ten degrees worse than he was before; all the quarter-deck was strewn with canvas and straw, as if a number of hales had been unpacked, and here and there were marks of bare feet of a dark colour. " It's blood !" exclaimed J oe, as lie started back after examining it, and casting a long look tu our own ship, that was now rapidly approaching by the help of her long sweeps, " the vessel's been boarded by pirates and robbed, and all her crew murdered 1" On descending to examine the cabin, we were stopped at the foot of the lad der by a bale of silk that had been ran sacked ; this we hauled from the door and Mr. Murphy knocking, waited tu listen if any one would speak, but not a sound was heard save the creaking of the bulk-heads, nnd the clattering of the blocks overhead ; it was at length determined to force open the door. This done, such a sight ! such a scene of horror presented itself as 1 shall never I forget, and is still before my tnind's eye as vivid as at this moment. Round the table in the cabin sat bound every one to a chair the bodies of nine men and two women ! in such a mangled state that 1 turned dizzy and ran gasp- j ing on deck, my head spun round, and a heavy sickness lay at my heart, while my feeble limbs failed to support me, and I sat down on the topmost step of the ladder nearly insensible. Mr. Mur- I phy bad entered, but bis feet slipping j in the gore, which literally covered the ; deck, he fell, and his hands rested in I the thick clammy blood ! As he rushed ! past ine on the ladder, he presented a | most ghastly appearance, with his face, j hands, and while trowsers deeply dyed with the purple fluid. When he could ! speak he shuddering said — " Good God! ! what a scene is here ! I've been in ac- | tiun where dozens lay around me, but i never witnessed so sickening a sight as i is to be seen in that charuel-house !" Another party of the boat's crew, with , Benton, had desceuded the forescultle, . from whence a loud cry now reached I us with the discharge of a pistol, and | Webb and Dennis jumped up through I the scuttle gasping for breath. " O, ; Lord! is your throat cut too, Sir," said | Webb, seeing the state Murphy was in ; " there's two or three poor fellows down ; there with their throats cut from clue to j earing !" " Av, and by Hosier's ghost, that's a vian as ye never drank lay wid," said Dennis, " old Joe has lain down to keep them company ; he's lying there kicking like a Kil kenny cat in convulsions!" "Is he dead, say you, Dennis?" " No, no, Sir, not at all, 'less he's shot himself in place of the ghost, but he's dhcvilish frightened, Sir ; for d'ye sec, Sir, it was so dark that we could sec never nothing at al) but blackness, being just come down ov the sun bamcs : but Joe says, ' lloly Mary 1 if there bc'ant a man's leg,' and at that very moment a loud yell so long and mclancholious like came out of a comer, and Joe giving one twenty times louder, tired his pistol and dropt like a cock ; 1 made to the scuttle again, but my brills could now see three poor fellows lying weltering in their crimson blood,' as the song sings." As soon as wc were a little more collected, Mr. Murphy and my self returned to examine the cabin of this devoted vessel more minutely. It was with a beating heart I went down the ladder : and entered this floating Golgotha. As I mentioned before, the men were eaclt bound to a chair, and three or four of them bad their heads lying back, that showed the gashes from whence had issued the stream of life and saturated their clothes with its crimson hue. The two ladies, who seemed to be mother and daughter, the latter beautiful in the extreme, if wc might judge from the disfigured re mains, were bound back to back on two chairs lashed together, and stran gled with a rope that was still aboul their necks ; ibis was the most pitiable sight of all : the old lady's face was cut in several places, and the protrud ing cyc-balls and swollen tongues of both seemed even more hideous than the pallid corpses tnat surrounded the table. The vessel appeared to have been a a French merchant schooner, as we judged by several books in that lan guage that lay scattered around, and must have been attacked in the night by | a pirate's crew, for the whole of the J bodies were only half dressed, those of the two ladies excepted : they must have coolly bound them to the chairs and placed them in mockery round the table after butchering them. That this dreadful scene had been enacted by ! some Greek pirates appeared manifest, j for in one corner lay a skull cap richly embroidered and peculiar to that nation, and a yataghan of superior workman- j ship lay on the blood-stained deck. : We went again on deck, and the boat's recall being hoisted in the brig, as she . was now near at hand, we pulled on 1 board in a few minutes. Having re- ' ported the situation of the unfortunate vessel, the Captain accompanicj us back, for the purpose of seeing the bodies decently wrapped in pieces of pack -sheet with which the quarter deck was strewed, and thrown over board. I do nol think, from the state of the bodies, that more than two days could have elapsed since this murderous tragedy had been acted. 1 loosened the rope from the necks of the ladies and unbound litem from the chairs, but still they sat ; I then saw the young one's hand ftrutly grasp that of the elder, so firm indeed that some force was required to separate them ; the snowy neck of the young ladr was marked with the fatal cord, and Iter long black hair hung down in disorder over her swollen and ghastly coun tenance ; she seemed to be not more than eighteen ; while the other, whom I took to be Iter mother, could scarcely have reached that age when female beauty is on the wane ; wc tnraftrl (ii«ir lunn linir nvaF lliair f-trat and binding them together in the posi- i lion they died with the rope which strangled them, proceeded to perform the same office for the rest. One of the men was of a noble, commanding figure ; he seemed to be about thirty, fair- haired i and Roman nose ; his shirt-collar was thrown open, and tied only with a , black ribbon, but dyed of the same san- . guinary hue as the rest ; nothing was ' left to say who the persons were ; their j pockets were turned inside out ; every , locker and drawer, as well as the hold j had been broken open, and every thing of value carried ofT. I looked at the books, but could not discover either name or writing by which we might form a conjecture respecting the vessel, or to what port she belonged. At length the disgusting job was finished. Having bound them in pairs and rolled them up in the canvas, we carried thetn on deck and slipped them over the gang way. When all was over, the Captain prepared to gel into the boat, with his steward, aud calling Mr. Murphy, di rected liitn to take the vessel to Malta, retaining the boat's crew on board the deserted schooner, and promising to send provisions on board, be shoved oil with two hands only in the boat. We now turned to, to splice the gear and wash decks — this was dune in a couple of hours , a cask of beef, one cask of pork , a small breaker of .rum, and two bags bread, with a small cask of vinegar, having come on board, we in part washed out the cabin, and w ith the vinegar rinsed it so as to give it a fresh smell ; and the schooner was under sail, and already leaving the brig far astern, ere we recollected that old Joe must still he keeping company with some dead bodies on the forecastle ; and there sure enough, we found him lying on his face in tils, and it was not till after a smart shaking that he recovered and got on deck, when seeing the vessel with a fine breeze, leaving the brig astern, he was like to run distracted, " Lord !" lie cried what shall we do?" | " what shall we do ?" " Dhrink grog to he sure!" said Dennis, handing Joe ' a polful of brandy, a small keg of ' which wc had found in the forecastle ; j Joe look a long deep and heavy draught land became partially resigned lo his fate, though he swore the devil w as slill in the ctal'l, and that he only waited his | opportunity to come out and cut all our l throats, as lie had done lo others, and he'd be blest if he'd shut a pan till he was cartain be was out of her. This was soon afler settled by the appearance of the black dog, who limping and wagging his tail, was forced from his retreat by hunger; Joe was now satis fied it was not the devil, for he had wounded it in the shoulder, when lie fired his pislol, and the hall stuck in the ! poor animal's flesh. Mr. Murphy ex tracted it, and the dog gratefully licked our hands, and tried by every means in its power to show its gratitude. The only clue that could be found to the schooner was on the leathern collar on the dog's neck. On a brass plate was engraved, ' M. d' Alembert, Cherbourg.' We arrived at Malta in four days, and soon joined our own ship again ; but I never heard any more of the vessel ; the black dog, however, still followed us, and became a great favorite in the R ; wc named him " Cherbourg" nftcj what wc supposed to be his native place, and the brig set olT again up the SUaitson a cruise. 