I THE WIDOW AND ORPHAN'S BEST FRIEND | J. (iVom the ÄortV» British Advertiser.) Wins Cod removed Papa to heaven, And Ma was left to strive for seven, With scarce enough for burial fees (80 lingering waa poor Fa's disease). Though fultof grief, we'd no despair, Relations spoke so kind and fair. Our Grandpa said that he for one, Would think and see what could be done! Our Uncle William and our Aunt Hoped we would never come to want; But Mother's Brothors taVid the best A great deal kinder than tho rest. They said that home they'd take us all, Only their rooms were lew and small. We'd promises from Undo Page . To push us forward irft«n of age ; They then went home-but stop, I misa They gave us every one-a kiss, And said, " Bo good, and mind Mamma, And wo will bo to you-Papa 1" So much engaged were they at home, For many weeks they could not come ; Until they hoard Mamma had found A writing for five hundred pound Which some Insurance Office paid, So Ma oommanced a genteel trade ; And then they came-it seem'd so lunny To beg Mamma to lend thom money ; But Ma said, " No ! if you are poor, A trifle will your life insure; And then the office (our best friend), Whenever your good Hie shall end, WiU comfort to your Orphans «end." SuB-suniNE RAILWAYS.-Mr. De la Haye» after the reading of a paper " On Ancient and Modern Modes of Travelling," at the Liver- pool Polytechnic Society, on Monday, in which he expatiated upon the advantages of railway transit, and expressed his belief that by-and-by a daily communication would be established between China, India, and London, by means of the electric telegraph, alluded to his inven- tion of sub-marine railways. We have before given full details of Mr. De la Haye'a plan, which is to construct an immense iron tube, to be lowered from above, and rivited together by means of the diving-bell. When completed, rails are to be laid down, and locomotives, un- affected by external influences, are to career beneath the bosom of the deep. His theory is, that the violence of the most violent storms ia not felt lower than twenty feet below the surface, and that the pressure of the water, together with the accumulation of sand, &o.;, would retain the tube in the position ia which it might be placed. Mr. De la Haye is a Bri- tish subject, of French extraction, and is very enthusiastic in his hope as to the adoption and success of his invention. When his assertions have been doubted or disregarded, he comforts himself with the assurance that nearly all great inventions have been at first exposed to ridi- cule,-Liverpool Standard. A FEMALE FOLLOWED. OP THE FRENCH ARMY. -A cantiniire, the wife of a suttler of <one of the regiments, rode past us. My atten- tion was attracted by her dress. She wore on her head a sailor's old straw hat, beneath which was seen the lace border of a white cap. A blue jacket, fitting tightly to her form, and a petticoat of some kind of red woollen stuff, completed her costume. There was a sort of coquettish smartness in everything about this woman, even down to the little cask of brandy, painted in tri-colourcd stripes, which was ailing across her shoulder. Mr. R-observed to me that these cantiniires are invaluable in the army. They are for the most, part the wives of sub-officera. When her husband's battalion is in garrison, cantiniire officiates as a laun- dress : when the battalion is on the march, she puts on her costume and marches along with it. In the event of a charge she stations her- self behind the second platoon ; if a square ia formed she takes her place in the centre, and, during the action, she goes from one wounded man to another, tendering assistance, and dis- tributing glasses of wine or brandy. In Africa, where the French troops have suffered so severely, these! women have rendered signal service to humanity, and have frequently per- formed acts of extraordinary courage. There i» not nu officer or private who does not respect tho cantintère of the battalion.-Count St. Marie's Algeria in 1845, IsiniKSsMBNT SCENES AT LIVBRPOOLIN 1759. -On Wednesday last, (July l8,) arrived at Liverpool, the Golden Lyon, Captain Thompson, from Greenland, with two whales, one forty feet, with eight feet bone, and the other forty five feet, with twelve feet bone, and eighteen seals, The Golden Lyon, in sketching with the buoys, laid in the mouth of this river, fell in with two cutter tenders, one of whom kept company with her till within gun-shot of the Vengeance man-of-war, and then hoisted a signal for four boats, which boarded the Golden Lyon. The commanding lieutenant, calling to the men, declared that he would impress all the crew, except the officers, unless they would enter volunteers-upon which, being sixty in number, they told him, that as they belonged to the Greenland fishery, they would not be impressed, vowed revenge, with long knives, &e; , in their hands, against the man that at- tempted it. The boat's crew, being terrified, jumped into their boats, and the lieutenants got on the ship's qnotterdeck, calling out to the Vengeance and her tenders to fire at the Golden Lyon, being then « ithin pistol shot. Part of the crew forced Captain Thompson and his officers into their cabin, standing sentry over them, and keeping the lieutenants on dock, to run the chance of being shot with themselves, whilst the remainder filled her sails, crowding away from the Vengeance, who slipped her cables, and fired her bow chase into the Golden Lyon as quick as possible. Several of the nine-pound shots struck differ- ent partB of the town, and very luckily did no other damage than destroying a boat in a build- er's yard, though many hundred spectators were near it. Other shots carried away the rigging, sails, and mizen stay of the Golden Lyon. However, the crew brought the ship safe into the docks, clear of the man of-war*e people ; and yesterday, according to Act of Parliament, gave bond, and renewed their pro- tections at the Custom-house. Immediately < after they had done, a large party of the press- 1 gang forced themselves into the Custom- < ' hough, tired several pistols, and committed 1 other outrages, impressing Captain Thompson '. and five of his crew. The rest escaped by va- rious methods, some jumping through the win- dows many yards from the ground, whilst others got on the house tops and over the walls. In guarding the impressed men down 1 to the waterside, some wemen exclaiming | against the presfc-gang, one of them was shot 1 through the legB with a brace cf bslls_Har- ! ; rop's Manchester ilercuryt July 24, 1759. \ , TRI HOT SKASON ni AK JJTOIAW BABBAOSU -It is almost impossible for one who has been, in India, to imagine how difficult it was to exist at this period, in what is considered the hottest part of the world. Languor and lassi- tude had settled upon _the young and the old ; and in the barraok-rooms, where a short time before there was noise and merriment all day long, hours would now elapse without a sentence being heard save the oall for the pani wallah, No one was allowed outside the verandahs, unless on duty, after nine, or before five o'clock ; and such of the men as could not read, spent this long interval usually in sleeping or in playing at draughts. Even at sea I never considered bookB so valuable an amusement as now ; and the quantity of desultory information I gleaned from them at this time, exceeded all I ever acquired before or since. It was a matter of regret to me that I could not pursue a regular course of reading ; one could rarely get the volume one wanted in the library, which, besides, was very ill chosen ; a great number of the books treating of abstruse, ethical, and doctrinal topics, and much better calculated for the perusal of metaphysicians and divines, than of soldiers. There was s host of old novels and romances, the larger part of the last century; but among the collection I was so fortunate as to ferret out, after much searching for something worth reading, an old edition of Scott's works, the half-defaced pages of which were conned and re-conned over by me, till I had almost got them by heart. I feel it is impossible to de- scribe what pleasure it afforded me after returning from office, to stretch myself on my charpoy, raising my head as high as I could, by doubling up my pillow, and thus to read ' Guy Mannering' until I fell into my customary sleep at three o'clock ; when my slumber fancies more than once transported me to the land of cakes, and conjured up a Meg Merrilies and a Dandie Dinmont. Libraries are indeed invaluable to the soldier in India, and should, therefore, be as well chosen aa possible. Give him a tolerable quantity of plain religious books, works adapted to the capacities of the uneducated ; and a due por- tion of others of a higher stamp for the more intellectual. " Those who could not read were now almost destitute of amusement. Occasionally an Itinerant Ghoorkce, with a bear printing with the heat, appeared in the cantonments ; or a stray Hindoo juggler, who performed feats to the sound of a tom-tom, which would astonish even Europeans of bia own craft. Exhibitions of this character, draughts, and a few plays got up by the) privates, were their only resources against ennui-happy was he, therefore, who had, cul- tivated a taste for reading, and thus possessed an infallible means of amusement. The hot winds usually'prevailed from ten in the morn- ing until eleven at night, no dews falling during the season in which they blow. Owing to this circumstance it is not considered unhealthy to sleep in the open air, and the greater part of the men in consequence carried their cots on the approach of night out of the barracks. Although I disliked doing this, feeling confident that exposure to the night air must be injurious, I found it at times im- possible otherwise to get any rest; and fre- quently when lying in the draught of two doors, have I been obliged to drag my charpoy into tho verandah, and even there the heat being too intense to permit of sleep, I have had to carry it into the open air, and place it on a hill at a short distance from the barracks, where I could get the full benefit of the breeze, hot as it was. Even thus, with only a pair of wide cotton trousers (each leg of which re- sembled a petticoat for capaciousness), and & thin muslin shirt on, I could scarcely bear a longcloth sheet over me ; yet this was neces- sary to protect me from the dust, which the wind often whirled with it in considerable quantities."-Military Sketch Book. HAYDON AND THE .BATTLE or WATBHLOO. Of all the numerous class of pen-and ink or pencil commentators on the margins of public library copies of popular works, none perhaps was more remarkable, and certainly none more pardonable, than poor Haydon, the historical painter, whose melancholy death created so great a sensation a few months ago. What ha wrote in the books that fell under his perusal was always to the purpose, and he never shrunk from the responsibility, of it, his name or his initials being always appended to his remarks. Several volumes in the Leeds Publie Library bear these marks of his propensity to add ma- nuscript notes ; and the following examples, taken from a single volume, will no doubt be found interesting, not only on account of t«VL,v events and personages which are the subject of them, but also on account of the character of the lamented writer. The volume we allude to is one of Sir Walter Scott's miscellaneous prose works, that containing Paul's Letters te his Kinsfulk ; in which Haydon wrote several remarks continued through many pages, upon passages relating to the battle of Waterloo. To a note mentioning the death of the remark- able Life Guardsman Shaw, he wrote, "I gave Sir Walter this. Wilkie and I had up in my painting room several Life Guards who were in the bat'le. One Hodgins heard some one groaning in the yard of La 'Haye Sainte, where the wounded had been removed. He turned and found Shaw, Shaw said, ' I'm, dying !' the other swooned a *ay, but the pub ting him into a spring cart to take him to Brus- sels at day-bieak roused him ; ho turned to look for Shaw, who was dead, with his cheek lying on his hand Shaw was a model of mine, and as atrong at Hercules. I have five modela in the battle ; three were killed ; all distin- guished themselves. I told the Duke this at Waluier, 1839, and he was much interested. B. R. Haydon, December 9,1839, Leeds." In another place, where Sir Walter has quoted the words of the Duke of Wellington, " Never mind, well win this battle yet;" Haydon wrote as follows . " This was to the Austrian General Vincent ; Mr. Arbuthnot told me. He said to the duke, in the thick of the tight. ' You have an infamous army.' ' I know it,' said the Duke, . but we'll win the battle yet." In his dispatches he calls it ' the most infamous army I every commanded.' See dispatches H." At the passage mentioning the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Canning, Haydon state«, " Lord Fitzroy told me, the orderly who car- ried the Duke's desk was killed ; Canning picked it up, and said ' What shall (I) do with itr* 'Keepit,' asid Lord Fitzroy, ' for the Duke.' Shortly after, he was killed; the desk was found, rifled, the next dar," When» i -> r gj^aiteyseott nanateä?' 'JnTiis assumed cha xaeter of Paul, the conversation he had ?- * ?with'the Duke of Wellington, in which 13 '? ¿he latter, on the hypothesis that be ' s> t,i Bight 'liave been driven from his posi ' ' "Con at Waterloo into the wood, behind, ' .''? ' asserted that he could have made good the 1 .' wood against the French, Haydon records the ' opinion of another General, Lord Hill. " I ' " «ned at Lord Pslmerstnn's 1833-on my right ' Was Lord Hill-ss he lived at Weitbourne Sreen, and I in Edgeware-road, ho set me own. Whilst with him, as Sir Walter Scott told me what he asked the Duke, I determined J not to let the moment slip. I said to Lord . Hill-« Was there any part of the day you de . ' «paired at Waterloo, my Lord ?' * Never,' said Lord Hill ; ' there was no panie, we were a little in advance, and I never had for a moment a doubt of the result.' These being the opinions of the first and second in command, command- ers of divisions, colonels and captains are never to be listened to ; they can't see three feet be- fore them ; enveloped in smoke, blood, and wounded, they think it's all going to ruin with- out seeing an inch of the field. I ask pardon for taking these liberties with a book of a pub- lic library ; but having been intimate with Sir "Walter, and knowing the Duke and Lord Hill, and having met them, heard them speak of the Cattle, it is a duty to add authentic facts for , the sake of the ladies and gentlemen of Leeds. We are passing away of this gene- ration, and in a few years the Duke tod Lord Hill and all will be going. Sir ' '. Walter has left us, and then these little written additions by one who lived al the time may not bo without interest. I apologise for the liberty, but must be forgiven. J B. R. Haydon." Upon the speech put by the French into the mouth of General Cambrone, erroneously supposed to have been killed, in refusing quarter, " the Imperial Guard can die but never surrender," Haydon thus relates the Words which he himself heard from the British commander, at Walmer, on the 8th October, 1839 : " I heard the Duke say, « At the very time the Prench made Cambrone utter this fine bit of poetry, ho was a prisoner at my quar- ters.' The Duke said, 'I did'ni let him sun Trith me-he broke his honour to Louis-and 1 bowed him and his companion into another zoom.' " It is duo to the memory of poor Hay- don, that although he apologised, as has been Been above, for the liberty he bad taken with the book in thus writing his remarks in it, he did not content himself with making this emende; hut he voluntarily, and without any suggestion or hint on the subject, purchased a new copy of the work, and presented it to the Leeds Library to replace the one he had, as he 'would seem to have supposed, so improperly disfigured.-Leeds Intelligencer. EPFBCTS or RAILWAYS ON AOKIOULTUBE. The advantages which have accrued to agricul- tural produce from the facilities afforded by railway communication of conveying their pro. duce to market, as well as the reciprocal ad- vantages derived by the consumers, have been tendered apparent wherever the railway sys- tem has been adopted. In the neighbourhood of large cities, such as London, Paris, and New York, the fact is particularly remarkable. Since the opening of the London and Birmingham, the Great Western, the South Western, and the Eastern Counties lines, the metropolis has been better supplied with milk, butter, cheese, poultry, and the general articles of farm pro- duce, than at any former period. From the means of transport which are now so abund- antly within their reach, the farmers in Essex, Warwickshire, Oxfordshire, Berkshire, Buck- inghamshire, and Hampshire, find a ready 1 market in the metropolis for articles which they formerly never dreamed of sending thither. In former times London WOB chiefly supplied with articles of a perishable nature from a circuit Comprehending parts of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, and Surry, with a radius of not more than three or four miles ; such articles are now supplied to the metropolis from a j circuit seven or eight times that length. The | profits accruing to dairy farmers from their sale j Of milk have increased 300 or 4Q0 per cent., and the number of cows now reared for the purposes of the dairy are eight to one what they were formerly. Equal encouragement has arisen irom the same cause for the culti- vation of vegetables. But the advantages of railways to farmers are still more remarkably evinced in the superior supply which now ex- ists of animal food to the metropolis. Before the commencement of the railway system, the animal food supplied to the London market was not only defective in quantity, but un- wholesome in quality-comparatively, at least, with what it might have been had the tract irom whioh it could have been supplied been rendered more extensive. Formerly, cattle from a long distance were always driven to Smithfield ; now they are conveyed in railway Carriages adapted for the especial purpose. ,. More or less injury was always sustained by the animals from the fatigue of the journey, , and their value was considerably lessened '/Owing to the inferior quality of the meat from , being slaughtered in a diseased Btate. But it was not merely the fatigue of travelling which injured th« animal, but also the absence from its accustomed pasture. The transport of Calves and lambs from a greater distance than thirty miles was formerly altogether imprac- ticable. Now, however, these and other live cattle are brought from all parts to London, in ss many hours as they formerly took days to travel. To convey cattle without injuty, not only Bpeed, but evenness of motion is indispensable, whioh two requisites are answered by railway communication. The .ame results have been shown in connexion With the lines which now diverge from dif- ferent parts of Paris. A Frenchman consumes, on an average, triple the quantity of milk con- sumed by an Englishman ; and from the faci- lities which the farmer, to a distance of -10 or CO miles from Paris now enjoys of conveying Lis pruduce thither, Parisians are supplied with abundance of their favourite article. Fruit and all kinds of vegetables, grown at a distance, also find a new market in Paris ; while the in- crease which has taken place within the last two years, in the French capital, in the con- sumption of butcher's meat, also forms a no less interesting subject of observation as springing from the same cauBflf. Cattle are now brought to the Parisian market from Brittany and Normandy by railway, as also from all Other localities with whieh the same means of communication exist. A New York paper ?takes known the fact, that the factitious value which tract»' of land immediately »urrounduig that city maintained, previous to the eetabhsh 'ment of railways,has been since moderated, and a portion of their advantages trarisferred to the more remote districts; thus equalising the value of agricultural property, and rendering it, in a great measure, independent of local cir- cumstances.-Morning Chronicle. THB PUBLIC PBESS.-We may be permitted to say in a few words how public estimation, as onposed to a transient popularity, is to be obtained. A very long experience has tested the prescription. First, it is not obtained by a one-sided devotion to any plausible school of opinion, or by a servile obedience toan ascen- dant party or dominant class. It is not ob- tained by helping to raise and colour the suc- cessive visions of a superficial philanthropy. It is not obtained by following in the errant path of restless innovation, by ever proferring a ready tribute to popular nameB, or by lavish- ing our praise on any who may be disposed to an interchange of the worthless commodity. Still less is it secured by flattering the chime- rical expectations of a desultory and idle cupi- dity. All these ways are simple and straight enough to one sort of result. They have lured the thousand-and-ono adventurers of the Press to an ignominious downfall, which it is easy to charge on the publio ingratitude or dulneBs. A suspicion of short cuts is the very first in- stinct of prudence in those who have to inform and advise, not for this summer, or this Parliament, or this ephemeral race of speculators or statesmen, but for long terms of years scarcely scanned by the memo- ries of the old, and therefore with difficulty realised in the anticipations of the young. But a positive answer is required to the question. We say, then, that a scrupulous, laborious, and painful truthfulness is the great secret of successful journalism. To investigate, to hunt out facts from their hiding places, to gather and select the materials of knowledge is the first business of a newspaper. It should ever remember its nome. Whotever yalue wo may have attached to our opinions, and however experience may have confirmed their sound- ness, it has been our invariable rule to put facts first, and then inferences. In judgment we might err ; but BO long as we faithfully supplied the meanB for a sounder decision, we could not very seriously mislead. Respect for the public sagacity has taught UB to believe that we had done a great deal when we had given it the true data of calculation. We say it emphatically-no one who is not per- sonally acquainted with the difficulties of the task can form any idea of the rumours we have to reject, the contradictions we have to unravel, the mysteries we have to uncover, the machinations we have to detect, in the employment of daily catering to the in- telligence of the empire. It is not what the reader sees,-it is what he does not see, and what every day buries in oblivion-the tedious and difficult summing up, previous to the brief judgment-in which consists the real labour of our profession. The spirit generated by this exercise has followed us throughout, and wo are encouraged to conclude, is evident in the columns of this journal. The same zeal which once urged us to follow out the ramifications of a deep-laid conspiracy against the bankers of Europe has ever led us to investigate every possible danger to the prosperity, confidence, and security of the nation ; and has also taught us to prefer those political principles and social maxims which have stood the test of a long experience, and to which history has given an undeniable verification.-Times. An ANECDOTE POR THE SCRAP Boox.-The following will be welcome to Mr. Jesse: "There is a sheet of water, twenty-eight miles long, called Lake Winnipiseogee, which is justly celebrated both for the beauty of its shores and the flavour of its fish. On the north of this inland sea are some dense foi esta from which the bears, a native of New Hamp- shire, are not yet wholly extirpated. . . Some years ago a cub bear was caught by a stout lad near the borders of the lake, carried into the town, and after proper drilling became the playfellow of the boys of the village, and often accompanied them to the school-house. After passing a few months in civilized society he made his escape into the woods, and in a few years was almost forgotten. The school- house, meantime, had fallen from the school- master's into the schoolmistress's hands ; and instead of large boys learning to write and cipher, small boys and girls were taught knit- ting and spelling. One winter's day, after a mild fall of snow, the door had been left open by some urchin going out, when, to the un- speakable honor of the spectacled dame and I her fourscore hopeful scholars, an enor- mous beor walked in, in a moat familiar manner, and took a scat by the fire. Huddling over the benches as fast as they could, the children crowded about their schoolmistress, who had fled to the farthest corner of the room, and there they stood crying and pushing to escape the horror of being eaten first. The bear sat snuffling and warming himself by the fire, showing great signs of satisfaction, but putting off his meal until he had warmed himself thoroughly. The screams of the children continued ; but the schoolhouse was far from any other habitation, and the bear did not seem at all embarrassed by the outcry. After Bitting and turning him- self about for some time, Bruin got up on his hind legs, and shoving the door close, began to take down, one by one, the hats, bonnets, and satchels that hung on several rows of pegs be hind it. His memory had not deceived him ; for they contained, as of old, the children's dinners, and he had arrived before the holi- days. Having satisfied himself with their cheese, bread, pies, dough-nuts, and apples, Bruin smelt at the mistresses' desk ; but find- ing it locked, gave himself a shake of resigna- tion, opened the door and disappeared. The alarm was given and the amiable creature was pursued and killed ; very much to the regret of the town's people, when it waa discovered by some marka on his body that it was their old friend and playfellow. -Waylen's Reminis- cences of the United States. GULLIBILITY. - The gullibility of John Bull has been attempted to be practised upon by an exhibition at the Egyptian Hall of an extraordinary creature, called from its inde 8cribableneBs, "What is it?" The cognomen of " The Wild Man of the Prairies" was first given to it ; but still further to excite the popu- lar wonderment, the aforesaid query was as- sumed, which the advertisements followed up I with characteristic ingenuity, John Bull him selfwaaappèaledto; tosay what it was. He was gravely asked,-" Is it an animal ? Is it human? Is it an extraordinary1 freak of na- ture? Or, is it a legitimate »member of na- ture's works? Or ia it the long-sought-for link*bctween man and the onrang outang, which naturalists have for years decided does exist, but which has hitherto been undiscovered r" John examined it with all due astonishment shook his head-and retired. HU silence was the more natural, perhaps, from the solemn assurance of its guardians, that they were quite as much puszled as himself. " The exhibitors of this indescribable person or animal do not pretend to assert what it is ; they have named it the « Wild Man of the Prairies,' or ' What is it ?' because this is the universal exclama- tion of all who have seen it. Ita features, hands, and the upper portion of its body are to all appearances human ; the lower part of its body, the hind legs, the haunches, are de- cidedly animal ! It is entirely covered, except the face and hands, with long flowing hair of various shades. It is larger than an ordinary size man, but not quite so tall. ' What is it}' is decidedly the moat extraordinary being that ever astonished the world. It haB the intelli- gence appertaining to humanity, and can do any thing it seeB done, or anything which man or animal can do, except speak, read, or write." So ran the advertisement of " What is it ?" It was visited one fine morning, however, by an old acquaintance, who, too Boon, alas ! for its own happiness, as well as its "exhibitor's" interest, at once gave an expository reply to "What is it?" and that to their confusion, through the wide- spread columns of the Times. " I proceeded thither," he says, " in a kind of feverish ex- citement, paid my shilling magnanimously, and was shown into the sanctum of * The Wild Man of the Prairies.' Yes, there ' What is it?' was with his keeper, playing 'toss' with an india-rubber ball. Oh, ghost of Buffon ! what was my surprise when, at the first glance, I found ' What is it V to be an old acquaint- ance-Hcrvio Namo, alias Hervey Leech him- self ! I will not take up your valuable space by relating how Mister Leech sucked raw flesh and cracked nuts, nor how I volunteered (al- though . What is it' is very savage to strangers,) to go alone into his den, which was refused ; but I will tell you how the . Wild M8n,' . finding his hair dress and the fervent expressions of his visitors too warm, shrank up himself and horse-cloth, and went to his ken- nel to argue with the proprietor on the pro- priety of returning my shilling. The coin was handed back ; and as I suppose Mr. Leech will take on early departure for the ' wilds of California' again, I hope he will take the com- fortable asAurance hack with him that the Times won't let Mr. Bull encourage impostors.' And so it turned out. The work was done as if by magic. Immediately the poor placard bearers were sent about their business ; and by night "What is it?" his "exhibitors" and all, had taken flight, if not to the " wilds of California," no doubt to some place of equal obscurity. ' LIBERTY OF THE PRESS.-O'connell, the un- crowned monarch of Ireland, has expelled the Nation newspaper from all the Repeal reading rooms in Ireland. Marshal Bugeaud, the un- crowned monarch of Algeria, has established a censorship at Algiers, which has been the death of two papers which were published at the capital of his dominions. The cause of these two despotic acts was too great a freedom in discussing the government of the two un- crowned monarchs. Kings Bugeaud and O'connell will not allow the smallest stain to be cast upon their future thrones. A paper must praise, and that in no small degree, or else be immediately suppressed. We think King Dan might take a lesson from his brother monarch, and establish a censorship at Con- ciliation-hall, to watch over the liberty of the Irish Press. In the mean time, the following simple rules might be sent to all editors, Alge- rian as well as Hibernian, to guide them in the insertion of articles. They are scarcely strong enough, but they will do for the present, till the monarchs are crowned, when something much stronger can, of course, be enforced : You must on all occasions evince the greatest admiration for your uncrowned monarch. Any editor daring to have an opinion of his own, will bave his paper immediately apprehended for the first offence, and abolished for the se- cond.-The trade and commerce of the un- crowned monarch's dominions must be always increasing.-There must be no monarch in the world to be compared to your uncrowned monarch, and no kingdom to behalf so flourish- ing as his kingdom.-Repeal and Abd-el-Kader to be excluded subjects of comment, unless it is to say, that the one will be taken, and the other will be carried to- morrow.-England, and the influence of its gold, to be at all times an open subject.-Any article sent by the uncrowned monarch to have immediate insertion.-All jokes, epigrams, rumours, riddles, &c;, to be rigidly excluded.-Punch. FEMALE FONDNESS FOR RED COATS.-Had tho royal army of Israel been accoutred after the colour and fashion of the British battations, I am quite satisfied that another enigma would have been added by King Solomon to his special list of incomprehensibilities. The ex- traordinary fascination which a red coat exer- cises over the mindB and optics of the fair sex appears to me a greater phenomenon than any which has been noticed by Goethe in his Theory of the Development of Colours. The same fragment of ensanguined cloth will irri- tate a bull, chaim a viper, and bewitch the heart of a woman. No civilian, however good looking Or clean limbed, and I rather pique myself upon my pins, has the ghost of a chance when opposed in the Hits of love to an officer, a mail guard, a whipper-in, or a postman. You may be as clever a fellow as ever coopered up an article for the magazine, OB great a poet as Byron, in beauty an Antinous, in wit a Selwyn, in oratory a Canning-you may dance like Vestris, draw like Grant, ride like Alexander, and yet, with nil these accompHshments, it is a hundred chances to one that your black coat, although fashioned hythe shears and polished by the goose of Stultz, will be extinguished by the gaudy scarlet habiliments of a raw-boned ensign, emancipated six months ago, for the first time in his life, from the wilderness of a Highland glen, and even now as awkward a cub as ever presumed to plunge into the perils of a polka.-Blackwood. DEEE STALKING. - ABHORRENCE OP THE DEER JO S HEBT-The detestation of the deer to sheep is so great that they will net inhabit the same ground - with these animals. A re- markable instance of this antipathy was ob- served in' the end of the last century by an old drover, familiarly caliea An Drobhair ban, when crossing one of the great moora of Sutherland, soon after the first head of sheep had been turned into Lord Ray's forest. The narrator was surprised by the appearance of a large column of near a thousand deer march- ing out of the country in a steady determined emigration. Disgusted by the invasion of the sheep and their doge, they had collected from all parts, and unable to find " clean ground," continued their course out of the country, dis- persing into the most solitary glens. From these they never returned, and harassed and killed by the shepherds and farmers, their numbers became reduced to the fow and scat- tered fugitives which lingered in a state of outlawry in remote coires, until the "commer- cial spirit" of England spread to the Highland hills, and it was discovered that harts and hinds could be convened into marketable stock like other cattle. Hence deer are now .. grown " for Saxon guns. as wool for Manchester looms, or beef for Smithfield shambles. The abhorrence of the deer to sheep did not result merely from the disturbance of their dogs. It is true, 'that, like the corollary of St. Columbus concerning cowa and women, "Where there are sheep there must be dogs, and where there are dogs there must be mischief." But the chief cause for which the deer shun the society of their wool- len enemiea is the closeness of their feeding and the foulness of their fleece. The deer is very delicate in his food, and exceedingly fas- tidious as to the purity of his pasture. Inde- pendent therefore of the abridgment of his pro- vision by the excoriating teeth of the tree and herb-exterminating " gall- geall," he cannot endure the oily rancour of their wool, which poisonB the fresh heather and sweet green 8healing. Wanting these nuisances, he exhi- bits no antipathy to the intercourse of black cattle, his old aboriginal brethren of the hill, whose clean coat and moderate feeding spare the grass, and leave no taint of tar and oil in the pasture. Hence the deer and the stirks may be seen herding in the same coire, and reposing on the same turf. Sheep in any con- siderable number are an introduction into tho Highlands since the latter end of the last century, in which it was discovered that mutton was not only a safer, but a more pro- fitable stock than man. It is yet well remem- bered in Argyllshire, that the first Cheviot flock brought into that country was introduced by Mr. Campbell, of Combie, upon the farm of Balantyre, near Inverary, in the year 1771. The earliest similar colonisation in Inverness shire was in Morven, about the year 1777. The shepherd of these flocks, of whom the first was a certain John Todd, from the neigh- bourhood of Dumbarton ; the second, a Braid foot from the border, introduced the first " maud," or shepherd's plaid," worn in Argyll or Inverness. Similar flocks and their feeders disseminated the expulsion of the deer, and the introduction of the base " hodden grey," which has since usurped the place of the tar- tans ol' the CIQDB ; and at its first appearance, from the calamities by which it was accompa- nied, and its degraded supplantation of the [na- tional dreBB, was truly and significantly named, " Bratgalla," " the foreigner's rag, and " an riochd-mallaichte," " the ac- cursed grey." This hue was to the High- landers what black is to their neighbours; and so detestable for its wan and ghastly ap- pearance, that its association afforded the po- pular appellation for ghosts and devils,- hence an appurition - a phantom-''an Riochd." The grey, or wan-the spectre foreboding death "am bodaeh glass,' the grey carl; another of an evil genus in the shape of a goat -"an Glastig" or " Glasdidh"*-" The grey" or wan ; and, as in the south, the great enemy is named familiarly " The Black Gentleman," so in the Highlands he is called "Macan Riochd," the son of the grey. In the ideas of the old wives and children of the last century, all those personifications except one were as nearly as possible those of the modern " dubh gall," deer-stalkers, in their chequ»red " hodden grey," wanting only the " Jim Crow," " ruf- fian, "or "crush hat"-enormities which had not then completed the masquerade of death and Satan. It ÍB easy to trace the origin of this association. The ancient Caledonian hell, like that of Scandinavia, was a frozen and glassy region, an island named " JJ"minn," far away among the " wan waters" of the northern ocean, and involved in everlasting ice, and snow, and fog. In this association, the appearance of the evil spirits, its inhabitants, like that of mortals in similar circumstances was believed to be dim, wan, and cloudy shades, such as men become when seen through a fros tv mist. Thus, a party of modern deer-stalkers, noble, well-appointed, and gallant though they be, in despite of the gold Geneva watch chains, and costly Purdie rifles, which peep from beneath their shepherd plaids, would represent to an old " Sealgair nom- beann" the liveliest vision of the hand and his familia» ; and we have no doubt that, if"Alasdair Mac-Dhonacha-raidh," or even " Eoin-dubhdrinachin," had ever met in the grey of the morning, either Lord O., Sir II.G , or "The Ruffians of Aberarder," he would have fled the hill for that time, and never have returned to it again, between sun setting and sun rising.-[»It has pleased a writer of the " Cockney school" of Highlanders to convert this word into " Gloslig" which we take leave to observe is unknown in the highlands, and did not exist before the year 1841.]- Caledonian Mercury. HOMOOPATHT. - The millionth part of a grain of many substances is an ordinary dose ; but the reduction proceeds to the billionth, trillionth, nay, even to the decillionth portion of a grain ! Now let UB ask, whether it has ever occurred to the reader to imagine a quan- tity represented by a decillion? If not, we will enlighten him upon this point. Suppose, then, that every inhabitant upon the face of the globe were to take this homeeopathic dose every second of time, six thousand yean must elapse before a single grain could be con- sumed !-Paris's Pharmacologia, 9¿A edit, Printeaeand Published by CHABLEB KBMP rod JOHN FAIRFAX, at the -Morning Herald Print- ing Office, Lower George-street, Sydney Ntw South Wales, Monday, Ftbruary 8,1847. 