LAW INTELLIGENCE. . CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT. TÙUBSDiT. Baronn Mri Juatico DIOKINBON. James Murray was indicted for that he, .ot ,the 11th day of October last, with force of anni ori the body, of one'Mary Clements,, did fclo nioiuly moko an assault, - and did inflict on' hci body and "hood "direr* wounds,' bruises, one contusions caused by striking, kicking, push lng, and throwing, tho said Mary Clements , from the effects ot which she. did instantly dio There were four separate counts, each speci- fying a different mode of assault. At the instanc'o of the Court, Mr. Shuttle- worth neted ns attorney, ' and Mr'. Holroyd ai counsel for'-tho prisoner. Thc SoLicTTon-GfiKknAL shortly opened thi case, and called Samuel King, sworn : Resided at Lane Cove, and aaw the prisoner on the evening- of las! Monday three weeks, just at dark ; ho'was ir company with .a woman and two boys ; san the prisoner hit the woman on the right sida o: the head with a stick ; she fell on receiving th< blow; was close to her at the timo; saw onlj ono blow; before thc blow was struck th< prisoner luid asked witness to show him thc Lane Cove Rood; thc prisoner said if tho wo- man did not come on faster he would make her, and five minutes after struck her the blow witt; the stick ; afjcr the blow was struck, tho wo- man sat up, and tho'prisoncr gave her a shchi kick on the back of tho head ; she said- *' Oh, Johnny. Murray." Witness then went witt thc boy to show htm thc road ; on his return tho deceased was lying on thc ground ; she said1 nothing ; witness told tho prisoner not to strike the woman, but ho said he would ;' witness saw tho eldest boy thal was. with tho prisoner on the night ir question, nt the Police Ofrico at thc inquoit; witness lived about fire miles from thc ferry at tho North Shore; knew a man named "Duller, who lived nbout half a-mile from him ; Harriet Sivycr lived in tho same house with him. CçofB-examincd by Mr. HOLROYD : Thc prisoner to got to Lane Cove from the place where witness saw him'would have to poss Butler's house; could not say whether thc kick thc prisoner gavo thc woman was on thc back of thc head or tho bsek of thc nee'e ; thc woman was not at all drunk ; thc prison« waa not sober or drunk, he wes between thc twa; tho woman, though she walked slowly walked perfectly .steady and well; dt hear the'woman complain cither of thc blow Oi the kick, all she said was, "Oh, Johnny Murray the stick thc prisoner struck 'hoi with was ns thick as his thumb, and about fojir feet in length ; thc prisoner wa* behind the'womon when ho efruck her ( she had on a bonnet ; thought it was a straw bonnet { old not seo whether she had much hair on thc side of her head ; the 'hut/of witness whs abdut ûdj ot sixty yards from where thc blow wai struck, and about fifteen or twenty yards from the Lane Cove road ; the woman woe lying down when ho returned from showing tho boy tho road ; did not sec them movo from thc plaao niter thc boy, but he walked nway hame, and returned in about five minutes, when they were all gono. Ry a Juror : Tho blow knocked the woman down ; should consider it was a violent blow ; saw no blood, and was within a few feet of thc prisoner during thc occurrence ; could not re- collect whether it was after or before the kick that thc woman said " Oh ! Johnny Murray;" did not hear tho prisoner usc any threat ol violence to tho woman beyond the expression if she did not come on faster he would make her ; did not hear tho woman giTo any provo llnrrict Sivycr, Bworn:-"Wns mother-in-law to thc last witness, and lived in thc same hut with him ; remembered n man coming to thc but last Monday three weeks to ask which waa the Lane Cove road ; could not swear to thc man ; it was about half-past eight o'clock ; her son-in-law went out toshow him thc road ; there was nobody with tho man when he came to thc hut ; saw him after with a woman and two boys ;? before he man came to tho hut she lind to go out for a pail or water, and heard a noise in thc bush ns of tho slashing of n stick ar a whip, but most like thc former ; heard tho voice of a mnn saying " Will you got up, will you get up ;" tho slashing was then re- newed ; nlso heard the voice of -two boya in tho samo direction ; it was about ten 'minutes after heming Ulis noiso that tho mun came to tho hut ¡ her son-in-law went out with thc man to show him tho road, and a woman and two boys followed in tho same direction ; shortly after sho heard the sound of blows and those of groans from the direction whero they had gone; tho sound of blows might bo about one hundred yards off; could not say thc pri- soner was tho man who came to ask thc road ; only knew a mon carno, and her son-in-law went out with him; her son-in-law carno in after sho had heard tho croons, and in rive minutes went out again, and returned in a- few minutes,- ? - «?'. Cross-examined by Mr. Iloutovn : Heard tlie sound of blows and groans in the direction of thc Lane Covo road, after her son-in-law had gnnc out and niter thc woman had pasted ; thc woman was forty pr fifty yards behind thc man and her son-in-law, but followed in the samo direction ; was quite sure sho heard tho sound of blows ; could nat swear tho Blashing was ' thc sound of blows, but supposed it tobo some ono boat- ing n horse ; could only sec tho direction in which tho parties, a few yards from- tho house ; there wero several tracks through tho bush, but when sho first saw .tho man coming to thc house ho was between it and tho placo wheró sho first heard thc sound of blows. Samuel Kirig' recalled ; Tho stick used by thc prisoner seemed tobo a stick cut out of a bush, to bc used ns a walking-stick; it was quite as thick as the stick produced, (about an inch ¡ri' diameter) ; it was e common hush stink. .... ' John Butler, sworn : Resided nt Lane Cove, about half-a-mile beyond King's ; knew, tho prisoner; remembered last Monday evening three weeks, and saw tho prisoner irr the bush on' that evening, near his.own placo; ho had a woman and two boys; know tho woman by leight but not by name; it was about oight o'clock ; was in his own house, and tho dog gavo an alarm; he got up and went'out, but j could hear or'soe nothing; he went to bed again, but got up again when he heard amah's voioe; hoheard itaay, "Mary, Mary, will you get up, or sholl I- kui you hero, and bo hung for it i"- tho voice was that of a man, and was i on the outside of the fence of witness's garden j witness gothis clothes and went to the fen co ; saw tho man Murray and two boys on tho other aldo of the fence, hut did not -see the woman ; ' witness asked Murray if' ho wore benighted-in tho bush; ho said ho was,' nnd asked if he waa near n hut; witness" told1 him ho wak, when tho prisoner asked for some water for the woman, who hosaidwas tired,:andthhtho could 1 not get her along. Witness told him 'he thought it wu -oiá: Ü*. the-. co-old' aft« th« beating he had given her; he heard the sound ofblo waaawith a stick, u ne_walked th the felice, and heard groans ; ho heard tho prisoner say to one of tho boya " Johnny, she's got a cut öyer the eycy'wbieh I gave her with the stick ; and if sha lies herc all night she'll bo dead before morning." Witness got over thc fence, and-saw tho .woman .lying on -the ground. Murray said abo hod .a Ht, and1 asked if he .could rive him a drink of water; but he might do it or leave it alone es he thought fit. Witness told him ho denied no ono a drink ot water, and went and fetched'somo water and a flrc-stick for Murray to light his pipe with ; Murray took a drink of water, and thon gave the woman a drink ; ho raised her up to drink, and after she had taken tho'water she said, " where oro tho children ?" Prisoner said "hero. He gave her another drink, and then threw her head forcibly-'down ono log and stump that were close togother on thc ground ; whilo her ho ad. wrns lying on the. log and stump ho" stomped on her focó with «no foot once; no had shoes or boots on ; he then stamped on her body with.'thc heel of .his foot; witness told him he had better light i fire if-he was going to romain in-tho bush all night; ho told ono of tho boys to get some sticks and make a. Sro, but he oJterwards said ho*would not moko a fire to gratify the b^-y cow ; did not hear tho woman apeak after aho was stamped on, but she groaned several times ; heard her ask for tba. children before tho stomping, but did not hear her. say anything else; witness then wont into his .own gate end stood there;, he sow Murray pass carrying thc badv in his arms, and ono of tho boya waa holding her le/a ; the other was either holding one'of her feet or walking by her sido; Murray said, as they passed " Look Johnny, seo how thqb-^r kicks, sho knows she's handy to soma houso ;" Hid not ace any ¡moro of them thdt night, but hoard themas, 'they went alon¿¡.thc next morning, witness went to the" plaoa where ho had scon tho woman,- end found: there a pocket, a key, o piece of a doll, anda pocket handkerchief ; he followed thc direction they had taken for about dfty yards, and then como on tracks, as if they .; had put the body down and drugged it through the bush ; the .mark of tho tracks continued, for three or four, rods, and after soma afty rods were again renewed ; heard Murray say'.os he j wos going to the- fence, " By thc Holy Ghost ; I'll kül you/" V ? t , , Crosa-e*omined : Thc nlarks of the tracks of dragging, wore between tho direction taken by the ptisoner and tho' prisoner's place ; should not novo taken Murray to bo drunk ; neither of the boys carno to the House before witness saw the prisoner at tho fence, but did beor ono of the boys come to Murray, there", and say to him, " that there was a houso, but thc gate was locked-;" should say "the words "Mary, Mon-, will YOU get up or shall I kill you herc and be hung for- .you," "were spoken violently ; believed ho nad stated the expression " Johnny she's got a cut- over thc eye which I gavo her j with the stick; and if ahc lies hero till the momtngBho'll be dead," in his cvidenco before 1 the coroner ; believed he had used tho cxprcs- ' sion, " that witness might give him a drink of ; water or leave it alone. ' ? Butler'B evidence ot thc inquest was then put in ond read, when the expressions alluded to wero not found in it. Had mentioned that i her head waa thrown baclt ou a log and a stump; had answered all the questions put to; him by thc-Coroner ¡ did not recollect, the : Coroner asking" him to tell nil ho know of the j matter ; or ask him if ho know anything more than he had stated; thought it was the right foot that he .stamped on her face with ; ¡ it was on thc front of the face ¡ could not say j whether it was up thc face or across it, . ? , By o Juror : Did nnt see any stick in tho | prisoner's hand that night ; sow that thc faco of thc womipi was covered with blood ; tho , stamp on the face was mads with violence ; did not hear her speak ofter ho stamped on her; did not think sho was dead when they carried her by, but hadno means of ascortauiing tho-fact." ? . John Murray, oged'Ú, -was Bon of tho pri- soner; knew Mary Clements, sho had hved with his father about 12 years ¡ as long as he oould recolleot ; on :*the M th October in the afternoon, his fathcr,t Masy Clements, his bro- ther, and himself, went from; Balmain over :*i to-the North- ShaÄih'ey-went into apubUç house at thé.fcrry r Vs "father and 1 Mary Clo: manta had À glass Of Jüm each, and ho and his' .brother had.'a glass of "alo;'they then wento to go to Lorió Cove ; knew tho house of a ma named King on tho way there ; lost their wny before they got to King's house ; Clements was a little drunk out notmuch ; they wenton till they came to King's without, anything taking place ; when they came .to King's his father enid he 'would go ask' thc way, and told witness and his brother, and the woman Clements, to stop till he rame back ; his father then wont away, and asked King to show him the way ; King ca out to show him tho way, and his father si out to them to come on ; Mary Clements : into thc bush, and told witness and his brother to tell their father she would not go homo with him that night ; his brother ran into tho bush j after her ana fetched her' back, while ho ' (wit- ness) went to tell his father ; his father ( back ond told her "to come on; she did not stood looking at him;' ho thon struck -lie _ the head with, a stick» and. she fell down;, sho _n ; King showed bim (witness) the rjad, and , they camed her on till they como to Butler* s ? 1 ,thcie wore-blows struck . there ;-they- wen struck by Murray, .with a stick, about ten ii number.; when thoy got to Butler's thc blows, were struck ; they stopped then outsido the fence ; Butler came to thc fence, and his father told him he had a woman there, and war unablo to got her home ; Butler soid it was ni wonder after thc-' beating ho had given her. his father said it was no odds to him if ho. had benton' her ; Butler said it ivas hot, aud his father asked him for somo water ; Butler brought it and a light; his father gavo Mary1 Clements some water, and raised her up in his , arms to drink it; he put thc" bason to her mouth, aud whou she had taken it, threw her head down upon a log ; he knocked her head off tho:'log; ': he then asked her; to" go horne,' und she said,she. would if he would, give her holf-ou^hour's'spcll ; Butler told him to light .a fin?¡ «nd Ids father first said ho would, but aitowarjds said he would not gratify thc b-y cow^y. io dome: Bu*^« _sp doing, his father said "' now, because- she's near his house;" she v kicking; Svhcn lus father put her down sho said she would go homo in five minutes ; they Stopped a short time, and his father again asked her to go home ;. she said she would not, unless ho gave her' half-an-hour ; his father gave her a few blows with a stick on thc body, arid then enid " I seo that it is of no usc, she won't go homo to-night ; ho then dragged hor through thc bush under a fence,' and laid har down, where they all loy down for a' time, and where ho witness Went to sleep ; ho was woko by his father, who said, " Johnny, she'a" dead," and began to cry, ; sha was dead ; his father then took her up and carried her to an old saw-pit, whore ho placed thc body ; thoy then all went home : thor remained at nomo all next day, and tin tho Wednesday witness' and his father went to tho 'saw-pit and took the body away, and .carried it a long way into tho bush, when thoy placed ifamidat tho limbs of aa old "tree lying on tho ground, and covered it.over with bark ; his father said ho did not think sho would over be found thou ; did not seo any blood upon the woman Clements ; saw an apron at tho inquest which ??belonged to the deceased, and that sho had.it on o'n'tno day sho died, bat could not swear that shoJ dropped it on the way vVhcnÜs -father was Carrying her, or whether, she had it on when they took her to 'Mary Goodman, sworn: Lived- atLaneOovc; remembered piclsing up an apron'Stained with bloo'd on the Tueaoaybeforc the-coroner's in- quest Was held; at tho place whore abb found it there were marks through tho bush as if a person had bcOT dragged through it; - - Constable O'Neil deposed to 'the apprehend- ing of tho prisoner ty himself on tho Wednbs-; day' after 'tho murder, on information given by King; ho asked for .tho' female, and tho' prisoner 'said ehe was not-there, thntheond his two^sons-had gone to 'the' waterehole that rn'om-; ins; to fetch* w»tex,'leavix>g;b.te>-inftho hut,- 'arid when they carné baci^e^was *^e';-ho\0wa took the prisoner into custody, mformmg - him of tho miormation he had received .that he. had been bcatimg her on Mondar night ; ' he then searched the hat and found-part of a coloured shirt, and a woman's petticoat, with rnarks of blood on it; he took tho prisoner to-his own houso and kept him- there till next morn- ing, when ho brought him to the receiving .watch-house ; he took the two boys to tho "Commissioner of Police, who examined them; thc next morning thc'boy John' Murray took himand. showed him where tho body waa;'it was concealed amidst tho limbs of an old gum- tree ; it was conveyed to the dead house st tho Sydnoy Hospital ; tho face was tied up in a handkerchief, and seemed to be oho moss of .Wounds and bruises ; the clothes produced were found concealed under a'rock about a quarter of a milo from tho prisoner's hut. [Tho witness produced a pair of trousers, a waist- coat, a shift, a woman's bonnet, a woman's cap, and a handkerchief, all deeply- stained with blood.] They wore shown by the witness,', John Murray ; the stick produced was given to witness by Butler ; thc hair and blood on it was on it when he received it;' John Butler re-called: Swore that he had picked up the stick, on the road between his place and King's, on the Sydney road, about two hundred yards from King's place ; in the place where he picked it up there were two separate marks of blood on the road. John Murray xc-collcd: Deposed that the trousers produced were his father's, and the bonnet and oap wera Mary Clemente's ; they hid tho clothes, on the ri Jit tho beating took place; his father.concealed them under a rock on tho Tuesday morning following. Dr. Silver deposed that he had examined -a femalo body in the dead-nouso at tho hospital ; the exposed parts of the body wore in a state . of decomposition. Thc mass bf-muaclc on tho left hip was contused and lacerated, which being cut down upon, betrayed a quantity of coagulated .blood. Extravasation of blood might. take place after ' death, from lifting . or drawing ; ? but tho appearances wcro - not such os would nava been presented from, cither bf th eso causes.. There was a triangular* wound over the right temple ponotrating to tho bone, and one ; be- tween the scalp and backpart of the skull. On tho. right part ot the face and head there were contusions, and on tho back port of the head. On opening tho skull, he found a quantity of extravasa ted blood, -from which ho was satis- fied dca til hod proceeded ; there was no frac-' ture of the skull ; the extravasated blood on thc brain corresponded with tho contusions on tho back and right side of tho head ; but not with tho wound over thc temple ; thc left hBnd was livid, as if it had buen beaten, and tho right hand was contused and lacerated; tho stick produced would have caused contusions of thc samo appearance on tho right side of tho head and on the hands, but not the triangular wound, or the apparent internal effect of tho contusions; if thc head had bscn thrown down on a log with force, it would have affected the injuries, or it might have been caused by kick- ing ; thc heart, lunga, liver, and stomach, wcru in a healthy state, except that tho heart was oollapscd, and contained no blood. This closed tho coso for tho prosecution. Mr. MICHIE (who in the absence of Mr. Holroyd attended to tho casa for the prisoner), addressed thc Jury for the defenco, remarking only on the necessity that they should find that tho prisoner intended to murdo/ Mary Cle- ments, \vhlch ho contended his conduct parti- cularly after ho discovered: she was Seau, did not provo to bo the case. îlis HoNOtt thengummed up at great length, instructing thc . Jury that if they found that the death of tho deceased had been caused by nny of thc means described in thc indictment, by tho prisoner intentionally, and with malice forethought, they would find the prison* r guilty of murder; if they, found sho died from tho causes named in thc indictment, and which tho prisoner inflicted without malice, they \- would fiad him guilty of manslaughter. The SoLiciTou-GoKEitAL argued that thc Jury might return a general verdict on all the counts. .. His HONOR, stated that he was not of that opinion, and . if thc Jury could ' hot Batiafy themselves os *to how death.'was caused, ho should direct them to acquit thc prison or. ; Thc,Jury/:retired "for á'féwminntes, arid re- turned a verdict of-guilty on tho 1st andZnd count*.'of manslaughter, caused by repeated beatings and thc fall together, .-they having to- gether caused tho extravasation of blood. His HON-OB stated, that if tho Jury found that death was caused by both beatings and thc fall, thoy could not find tho prisoner guilty on cither thc 1st or 2nd couats. If that was their opinion as ta thc cause of death, they must find a general vcrdiot of not guilty. After a vory short consultation, the Jury re- turned again with a verdict of guilty of man- slaughter on tho 2nd count, charging thc pri- soner with casting the head of deceased on thc log. ' The prisoner was remanded for sentence. 