To the Editor of the Port Phillip Gazette. Slit, — It is generally expected that Mr. La Trobo and his favorites will, in vulgar par- Unco, smother tlie charges at tho gaol against Wintle, I beg to inform von, that it is not the first time tins has been done. In tho year 1842, serious charges were made ngainst the pooler, Mr. Wintle, first., to the local authorities, which liad no effect. A second effort was made to Sir George Gipps, and that good man paid instant attention to it, aud gave thu following reply , " Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, Qth October, 1842. 1 Sib, — In acknowledging tho receipt of 4 your letter of the 20th September lost, ' making certain charges against the Gaoler '' at Melbourne, 1 am directed by His Ex- '' celloncy the Governor to inform you, that ttiB same baa bceTrforwardedto liis Honor 'l (lie Superintendent of Fort FJiillip, and, ' to state, tliat' j'ou should be prepared to " .substantiate your charges, when called oa '' by His Honor so to do. " I am, Sir, " Your most obedient servant, rt E. DEAS THOMSON " Mr. Edward Murphy, u Great Bourke-.'-treet, " Melbourne." Now, sir, this was regularlv smot hercd. Mr. Latrobc never did bold anv investiga tion as ordored, unless sending for the par ties, and asking whnt thev meant hv writing to the Governor ; one of them by tho way, gavo Captain Lonsdale the rather pert reply that ho had as much right to write to Sir George Gipps as he had. It is tbo common impression teat Mr. Li Trobo will again manage to eludo the invostiga- ! tion, to which too most extraordinary- cir cumstance of placing tho visiting magis trate upon tho board gives a color. But, sir, is tncrc no appeal t can wc riot go from ; tho Government to public opinion f — can we not hold meetings, and demand fair play ? Aro wo Britons ? — aro we men ? Lot me warn the public seriously, to bowaro of thinking they will ever get justice from our government, for in my opinion it must be afraid to do justico iu the matter. I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, THE GHOST OF BOLTON. 