THE STORM SHIP; OR THE PHANTOM PIRATE OF THE NORTH , , : EIERN OCEAN. : LBEGEND OF NORWAY : BY A REBBER, R. N. Our weapons are the thunderbolt and strong arm of the wave, That strike the clay of prison'd souls, and hurl it in the grave ! We wither up the heart of man with lightning from the cloud, Anl? ocean is, its sepulchre. and the tempest sky l"i, shroud. SONG. OF THE SP?OTaB CaEW. We had left, Droutheim far astern; but, since our, sailing, the wind had freshened considerably, and everything betokened a rough night: the loftier sails had all been taken. in, and the, courses close reefed ; while our vessel ploughed through the dark waters, like a high-blooded racer released from the checking hand of its master. Such a. night. was well calculated to arouse those sentiments in the minds ol our sailors, who, ever prone to superstition, im plicitly believe in various evil omens, and the existence of ghosts and malicious spiritp, who play off their pranks on the nlrrnight deep. They converse upon frightful noises and preternatural sounds issuing from outthe bosomof the troubled ogCyn5 bearing portentous notice of. fright ful calamity. or, impending evil; either bringing an unwelcome warning, of the death of a shipmate, or, perhaps, the loss oftl'eir!. own. vessl; and destruQtion,of the whole crew. Having.thua. far preluded the. subject of otr, narrative by, slightly touching, upon the tendency of our seamen to superstition, we will once more aidvert to the thread of our story :-. " Now, lads,. how's it, to .be-a: yarn or a cas?I'" demandedPhil'Fultock, an active young,. topman, addressing himself' to a group who had the watch below. 'l hy, .'.ve'. eiglt- houres; spell," re sa~n4ed,,one. of: the, quarter-gunners, . " so let it be a yarn ; and, mayhnp, 'old Will Weatherall. will spin us a coil ?" This proposition was received withi loud acelamations, and. bout a dozen of them instantly, repaired to the galley, where I quickly followed';highly deliglited with the prospect of becoming a listener to some soul-s irring narrative from the lips of Old Will 'Weatherall, the most inveterate yarn spinner we lid on board. " Well,.lads, what shall it be, a song or a yarn?: Come, 1ll spin ye a twist 'bout the Storm Ship of the No'the'n Seas: it's an old ]egend still believed in by the super stichus fishermen, and, sich hike, on the Norweiran coasi; . aso here. goes with it: " 'Twas in the year 1615 the Lass o'Vagae, a fine,, stout-built craft, sailed from one o' the central fishing islands of Loffodun, known as East Vagae; she was bound for the Orkneys, and had on board a newly married couple, LordI Donald, of flelseggen, and his lovely bride. No0w, they had scarcely made a day's sail from the port when a gale sprung up, vhich. soon worked itself into a reg'lar-built no'the'n hurricane, ,accompanied by rain, hail, ice, and sleet: aye, boys, themn's the seas where the bitterness u' the cold is felt ; why, in some parts ye can't even speak, for the words freeze into a solid lump in your throat, an' choke your utterance afore you're aware on't." " Bravo, old Will ! ye can't forget your old tricks ; why, I never heard ye spin. a yarn yet but what some part on't was a thund'ring sight too tough to chiw." A laugh followed this observation of the young topman, and then Wecatherall continued, " The cap'n o' the Lass o', Vagae was a dark, rough-looking, but handsome seaman, with a lurking devil in his bright, flashing eye; an' there he stood near the binnacle, sending forth his orders, in a stentorian voice, through a battered speaking trum pet, swearing at his men, and scowling at his passengers with an expression of demon like rage. 'l' The storm was at its height, the lonely vessel was one moment high on the crest of a wave, and next down deep in its trough, while the dark, frothy mass of water threat ened to break over and engulf the doomed vessel an' all its human freight. It was in a slight lull of the storm, which seemed to have given in for a bit but to gain fresh strength, that it might again dash on in its destructive course when the captain rushed to the spot where 4he Lord of Htelseggen .an\tLhis -young wife. werea- standing, and, seizing the fobrmer by the throat with a giant grip, he shouted. " Now, aye now, will I be revenged ! you have carried off the prize i've so long coveted in yon mai-. den; you are now in my power, and re venge is all that is left to me." "The gentle Elllinore, perceiving the peril to which her husband was exposed, immediately threw herself into a supplicat ing positibn at the ruffian's feet, and clasp ing his knees, cried : " ' For Heaven's sake, Captain lHans, desist ! spare him, spare him, for my saker' " 'For thy sake, girl ' laughed Hans wildly. ' Ha, ha, ha! No, not if all the beatified spirits of heaven were to ask it, I would not forego my longcherished re venge. Ilark ye, I swear by all heaven and .hell, that if my soul should be con signed to everlasting damnation, and my gallant bark doomed to sail the Northern Ocean, amid storm and peril to all eternity, without ever making a friendly port, I will have his life, and glut my eyes with his dying agonies.' And with a fierce scowl of fiendish malice, he raised a glistening blade,. and instantly plunged it into the heart of his victim. " The storm still raged, and with in creased violence, and the live lightning played in forked streams; through the rig ging, while the loud thunder--lHeaven's artillery-reverberated 'among the clouds with a deafening roar. " A shriek burst from, the overcharged, bosom of the lovely Ellinore; she - threw' herself on the mangled remains: of her wedded love, and.frantically screamed : " ' May the curse of that H-eavenyehave blasphemed fall upon ye, and' the oath ye have made be your doom.' " Another loud thunder clap. burst over their heads, and then died away in the ;dis tance, while a low .qlshing- and roaring was now heard at intervals. between every slight lull of the tempest; each ear was fixed, and.all stood in the attitude of attention, toscatch the sound, when one of the crew shouted : "' Hark boys I there's the sullen roar of the Moskenstroem. "'l'he Norse mariners looked at each other, and then turned their gaze aldoft.at the strainihg spars, while a wildness blended with dismay, shot across their weather bronzed features. "'Curse ye, ya cowardly swabs, it is' not.l' cried Hans, his, lips white with sup pressed rage. "' Cap'n it is I and we have been im perceptilly drifting in'the strength of the rapid current towards the whirlpool.' " The wind suddenly fell calm, as if by some magic power, the sails whieh had been wrap-full, now flopped heavily against the masts, while.the Lass o' Vigae rolled aw fully in the heavy seas. " My God I' said some of the crew, we are doomed, and are hurrying on towards tlihe dr'cadful Maelstronm nothing but.the wind springing up can, save us.' "' Yes, doomed I',shrieked Ellinore HIol seggen, as her ear caught the words of the Norwegian sailor. "' Liar !' savagely shouted' Cap'n IHans; and:the words were scarcely uttered ere the bloody blade of his long knife entered her Ieautiful white bosom, the blood gushed Tro n the wound, and she fell dead upon her husband's body. ".'Aloft I you lads, an' set the taupsels !' thunered the cap'n. This was done, but it wasn't no. manner o' use, for not a breath o' air was stirring. With terrible rapidity they. approached Ithe dreaded whirlpool; an' all discipline was- now at an end; some o' the crew-broke.into the spirit-room, and drank the pure. rum till they were' raving mad, while others toretheir hair an' gnashed their teeth in their despair, an' some knelt between the " guns an' .'prayed: bitterly, .while themn as was' druhk, mocrked and' :swore at 'em. "The roar of the whirlpool became louder, aye, almost deafening, lads, while the taut-built craft hurried on, an' a few minutes-more would decide their fate., She was now in the strongest part o' the current and quickly nearing the whirl of waters inow the crew held on by the rigging, as she spun rapidly round an' round ; the bowsprit was beneath the waves; a loud and piercing shriek burst from the crew, while the captain swore horribly: nearer she approached the centre, lier stern was thrown high in the air, and she was sucked within the greedy jaws of the whirlpool, amid the hoarse laughter of a thousand demons. - " 'Aye, Will,' says the old'Norse fisher man.who spun the yarn to me, 'I heard it from my great-grandfather, who was told it by his great-great-grandfather. Aye, and the Storm: Ship is still seen, in bad weather, sailing with every stitch o' canvass. set, wvhile in crafts o' mortal make not a rag dare Le shown; an' she is doomed to, sail the Northern Ocean until the end o' the world, when the pirate ,captain an' his phantom crew will be piped aloft, to answer to their names' an' be punislhed for theii crimes, by the Great Commander o' the whole Universe.'" During the continuance of Will'shnarra tive our ship. had made several very heavy lurches, betokening rough weather for the watch on deck. Meantime the old man concluded; and for several minutes after, his auditors seemed absorbed in their own reflections, ,which- were broken by the hoarse voice of the boatswain and his mates, summoning " All hands 'pon deck, take in the courses, set storm staysails I" Rushing upon deck, I beheld a scene of terrific "grandeur; the seas ran as high as our topmast head, upon which our vessel laboured heavily tthe sky- was-pitchy black -from whose dark, omnious- looking clouds livid streams of blue, forked flame darted at intelvals, adding fresh horror to our si tuation. Clinging to a stay to-prevent my being washed overboard by the seas which broke. over our quarter, 1 gazed. upon the straining spars, which groaned and creaked with the action of the wind and the rolling of the ship, when one of the topmen, who. was lying alolt on the main yardarm, hailed the deck : " A full-rigged ship, under all sail, bear ing down 'pun our weather quarter I" • Scarcely had the sound reached our ears than'every eye was turned in that direction. A blue, sepulchral light shot upward, illu minating the dark mass of cloud and the troubled surface of the sea, while about a quarter of a mile to windward the stranger was plainly discernible with the blue lights flickering from her yard-arms, upon which was distended a cloud of transparent sails, through which the bright streams of light ning were visible, as it darted along.the horizon. " The Storm ship "' vociferated the men in a breath, while their lips quivered with the excess of their superstitious feelings. At length the silence was, broken by the voice. of: our. captain, who, hearing, the cries. of the men, had rushed on deck to ascer tain the cause. " Clear away the long gun ,. beat to quarters " Mechanically the men obeyed; the -roll- of- the drum turned the watch be-, low from . out of their hammocks, and the, captain .himself,, training lthe.gun.to bear on the distant, vessel, seized.a match from the gunner's mate and applied it to the piece; its loud roar burst on the midnight air, and away. skimmed the shot on-itsrapid. course. Suddenly e slieet of flame belched forth from hierside, ais if in defiance; the boom of ai tillery came,faintly, down on the gale, the lights disappeared from the yard arms, and the stranger faded from our eight, leaving us all rapt in profound astonishment at her sudden disappearance. * * , On mentioning:the above perplexing oc currence to a friend (who lhas made several voyages in the North ,eas), some years subsequently, he expressed it as his opinion, that:she- wasl a D)anish pirate, who taking advantage of the superstitious belief of mariners in the authenticity. of the above legend, had fitted up his vessel with soils composed:of fine net work, which, holding but-!ittle wind, might be safely set in the strongest gale. 13y this means he practiced. upon the fears of unprotected merchant men, ran down alongside, threw his men on board, while they wer' panic struck, and the consequence was that the vessel became an casy prize to those lawless de predators. 