iâvitifit) Bitracts. TRAVELS IN PERU. (From the Britannia.) Travels in Peru during the Years 1838-1842. By Dr. J. J. Von Tschudi. Translated from the German by Thomasina Ross. Bogue. Here is a capital description of Pern. It is not made up for effect, and filled with showy scenes; nor is it elaborately dull and learnedly stupid. The author has hit-the happy medium between the superficial and the profound. He makes us fed that we are in company with a highly intellectual and accomplished man, without1 any parade of scientific attainments. He belongs to the best class of German travellers. He is not so vivacious as M. Kohl, ror so depp as Baron Humboldt; but he has the most popular qualities of both. He is acute in observation, and clever in description; and all his details have such au appearance of truth, that, apart from tleir agreement with the notes of other travellers, we feel at-sured of their accuracy. While in Peru he made several zoological excursions, and, as he is an eminent naturalist, and has a happy talent of imparting his observations and knowledge, his account of the aninal kingdom of Peru is as attractive us it is well informed. One of his excursions had nearly proved fatal to him. Wandering in tlie Puna wilds, he had rested during the night in an Indian hut, and in the morning pursued his journey in the mountain solitudes. The extract sub- joined is illustrative of THE PERILS OF THE TRAVELLER IN THE CORDILLERA. " The sun now began to disperse the mist, and the snow gradually melted beneath his burning rays. Inspired with new vigour, I took a survey of the wild solitude before me. 1 was now on one of the level heights, about 14,000 feet above the sea. On both sides arose the high Cordillera summits, crowned with eternal ice ; detached peaks here and there towering lo the skies. Behind me lay, deep and deeper, tlie dark valleys of the lower moun- tain regions, which, with the scarcely discern- able Indian villages, receded in the distance, till they blended with the line of the horizon. Before me stretched the immeasurable extent of the level heights, at intervals broken by ridges of hills. It seemed as though, here in the snow plains of the Cordillera, nature bad breathed out her last breath. Here life and death meet together, as it were, to maintain the eternal struggle between being and an- nihilation. " I had wandered for some hours admiring the varieties of life in this peculiar alpine region, when I stumbled against a dead mule. The poor animal had probably sunk beneath his burden, and had been left by his driver to perish of cold and hunger. My presence startled three voracious condors, which were feeding on the dead carcass. These kings of the air proudly shook their crowned heads, and darted at me furious glances with their blood red eyes. Two of them rose on their giant wings, and in narrowing circles hovered threateningly above my head, whilst the third, croaking fiercely, kept guard over the booty. I cocked my gun in readiness for defence, and cautiously rode past the menacing group, without the least desire of further disturbing their banquet. These condors were the only hostile animals I encountered in this part of the Puna. '* It was now two o'clock in the afternoon, and I had ridden on a continuous though gradual ascent since sunrise. My panting mule slack- ened his pace, and seemed unwilling to mount a rather steep ascent which we had now arrived at. To relieve htm, I dismounted and began walking at a rapid pace. But I soon felt the influence of the rarefied atmosphere, and I ex- perienced an oppressive sensation which I had never known before. I stood still for a few moments to recover myself, and then tried to advance ; but an indescribable oppression over- came me. My heart throbbed audibly ; my breathing was short and interrupted, A world's weight seemed to lie upon my chest ; my lips swelled and burst ; the capillary vessels of my eyelids gave way, and blood flowed from them. In a few moments my senses began to leave me. I could neither see, hear, nor feel distinctly. A grey mist floated before my eyes, and I felt myself involved in that struggle between life and death which, a short time before, I fancied I could discern on the face of nature. Had all the riches of earth or the glories of Heaven awaited me a hundred feet higher, I could not have stretched out my hand towards them. " In this half-senseless state I lay stretched on the ground until I felt sufficiently recovered to remount my mule. One of the Puna storms was now gathering- thunder and lightning accompanied by a heavy fall of snow, which very soon lay a foot deep on the ground. In a short time I discovered that I missed my way. Had I then known the Puna as well as I after- wards did, I should have shaped my course by the flight of birds. But, unluckily, I pursued the fresh track of a herd of vicunas, which led me directly into a swamp. My mule sank, and was unable to extricate himself. I was almost in despair. Nevertheless, I cautiously alighted, and with incredible difficulty I succeeded ia digging out with a dagger the mud in which the animal's legs were firmly fixed, and at length I got him back to a solid footing. After wandering about in various directions, I at length recovered the right path, which was marked by numerous skeletons protruding above the snow. These were the remains of beasts of burden, which had perished on their journeys ; a welcome though an ominous guide to the wandering traveller. The clouds now suddenly separated, and the biasing light of the tropical sun glared dazzlingly on the white plain of snow. Ia a moment I felt my eyes stricken with surumpe, "Suffering the most violent paifr, and.tor- mented by tiie apprehension of blindness, I with great difficulty pursued my way. My mule could scarcely wade through the sward, which was becoming more and more thick ; and night was advancing. I had-lost all feeling in my feet, my benumbed fingers could scarcely hold the bridle, and 1 well knew that the nearest point at which I could obtain the shelter of a human habitation was eight German miles distant. I was beginning to give myself up for lost when I observed a cave beneath an .overhanging rock. Mother nature, in whose service I had undertaken my long and perilous wanderings- at that critcial- juncture, provided for me a retreat, though in one of her rudest .sheltering places. I entered- Ihe cave, which protected me securely against the wind and the snow. Having unsaddled my mule, I made a bed of my saddle clothes and poncho. I tied the animal to a stone, and whilst he eagerly regaled himself with the little grass that was not buried beneath the snow, I satisfied my hunger with some roasted maize and cheese. " Exhausted by the fatigue of the day, I laid down to sleep ; but no sooner had I fallen into a slumber than I was awoke by a violent smarting in my eyes, occasioned by the surumpe. There was no longer any hope of sleep. The night seemed endless. When the dawn of morning appeared, I made an effort to open my eyes, which were closed with coagulated blood. On looking around me I beheld all the horror of my situation. A human corpse had served for my pillow. Shuddering, I went in search of my mule, for I was eager to hurry from this dismal spot ; but my misery was not yet at an end. The poor beast lay dead on the ground ; in his ravenous hunger he had eaten of the poisonous garbancillo. What could I do ? In despair I turned back to tlie cave. " The sun had now fully risen, and his genial rays diffused warmth over this frozen region. Somewhat roused by the reviving light and life around me, I began to examine the body of my lifeless companion. Haply, thought I, he may be one of my own race ; a traveller who has perished of cold and hunger. No. He was a half-caste Indian, and many deadly wounds on his head showed that he had died of the slings of Indian robbers, who had stripped him even of his clothes, and concealed the body in the cave. " I seized my gun and shot a rock rabbit ; then, collecting some fuel, I kindled a fire and roasted the little animal, which afforded me a no very savoury breakfast. I then waited patiently in the hope that some timely help would deliver me from my dreary situation. " It was about noon. I heard a monotonous short cry. With joy I recognised the well known sound. I climbed up the nearest rock, and, looking down into a hollow, I perceived two Indians whom I had seen the day before, driving their llamas to the nearest mine-works. I prevailed on them, by the gift of a little tobacco, to let me have one of their llamas to carry my luggage, and, having strewed a few handfuls of earth on the corpse of the mur- dered man, I departed. The scene of the in- cidents above described was the Cave of Lenas, in the Altos which lead southward to the Que- brada of Huaitara." Some remarkable observations are given on the silver mines of Peru. The soil literally teems with bullion; but the Indians, to whom some of the richest veins are known, preserve the secret of their existence in- violable, regarding the mines as the cause of their calamities. From one instance men- tioned, we may form some idea of THE WEALTH OF THE PERUVIAN MINES. " An extraordinary example of the produc- tiveness of the Peruvian mines is found at San Jose, in the department of Huancavelica. The owner of the mines of San Jose requested the viceroy Castro, whose friend he was, to become godfather to his first child. The viceroy con- sented, but, at the time fixed for the christen- ing, some important affair of state prevented him from quitting his capital, and he sent the vice-queen to officiate as his proxy. To render honour to his illustrious guest, the owner of the San Jose mines laid down a triple row of silver bars along the whole way (and it was no very short distance) from his house to the church. Over this silver pavement the vice queen accompanied the infant to the church, where it was baptized. On her return her munificent host presented to her the whole of the silver road, in token of his gratitude for the honour she had conferred on him. * * * " Notwithstanding the enormous amount of wealth which the mines of Peru have already yielded, and still continue to yield, only a very small portion of the silver veins have been worked. It is a well-known fact that the Indians are aware of the existence of many rich mines, tlie situation of which they will never disclose to the whites, nor to the detested mes- tizos. Heretofore mining has been to them all toil and little profit, and it has bound them in chains from which they will not easily eman- cipate themselves. For centuries past the knowledge of some of the richest silver mines has been with inviolable secrecy transmitted from father to son. All endeavours to prevail on them to divulge these secrets have hitherto been fruitless." The volume is full of pleasant reading; the sketches of Peruvian cities and of Peru- vian society being as skilful as those of natural scenery and of animal life. For many years the population of this splendid country has been fast diminishing, but there now seems a pause in this downward move- ment, and, with settled government and the introduction of capital and industry, this empire might yet assume an important posi- tion in the New World. Redding of the rapid waste of human life among the Indian races, both of the east and the west, it would almost seem as if the laws of population were governed by some great principle at present unknown ta us, and that the growth of humanity in some countries is balanced by i its decline in others. The translation appears unexceptionable. The book is one of the most agreeable narratives of travel we have, and admirably suited for fireside reading during the long evenings of our winter months. A BAREFACED THIEF. An Irish lumper, named Thomas Maguire, was brought up at the Liverpool police-office on Saturday last under the following circumstances :-The pri- soner with others had been discharging rum from the ship Rover, and after they had fin- ished their work it was found that two pun- cheons had been broached, and a portion of their contents abstracted. Mr. Shaw, the shipping clerk, offered a reward of 10s. for the discovery of the thief, whereupon Paddy, as soon as he had got his comrades away, said that if the promised douceur were handed over he would give him the required information. Mr. Shaw immediately began to count out four half-crowns; but, before giving them, and in order to make " assurance doubly sure," he asked, in another whisper, "You're certain, of course, that you know the right man ?" " Oh ! begor, I am as certain of it," was the reply, " as I am of my own existence; I know him better than I know my brother !" Mr. Shaw was satisfied, and in leBS than a minute the half-crowns were jingling in Maguire'» pocket. Mr. Shaw then listened for the grand revelation, and Maguire speedily satisfied and aston- ished him by exclaiming, "You see the thief afore you. I am the man. Me own four bones broached the casks and drank, the rum ; and faix, betune you and me and the wall, blow tire betther gallon of it I had for the last twelve months! It's not my saying alone ; all the neighbours in the street will tell yon the same thing, for they all had a Rip." Mr. Shaw called a policeman, and the fellow «as given in charge ; aud, on being brought to Bridewell, the turnkey booked him as being drunk. Sir Joshua Walmsley Said he had never heard of a more barefaced act in his life, and ordered him to pay a fine of 5s. and costs. The fellow was about to pay the 5s. Out of the 10s. he had received from Mr. Shaw, when the lutter claimed the money as his property. Sir Joshua Walmsley said he had no power to order it to be refunded ; and Maguire having paid the fine out of the reward, he was dis- charged.-Atlas, AprttS: SHOCKING ACCIDENT ON BOARD THE "TROUBADOUR."-A dreadful accident, at- tended, we regret to say, with-loss of life, occurred on Tuesday, on board the Trou- badour steam-packet, which trade* between Swansea, Bristol, and Liverpool. The vessel had just arrived at the Mumbles, and turned off her steam, when one of the tuber con- nected with the boiler suddenly burst, filling the engine-room in a moment with a dense cloud of steam* which rose up above the deck of the vessel, and was seen from the shore. Two poor fellows were below at the moment, and of course were instuntly enveloped in the scalding vapour. One of them rushed out of the door which communicated' with the engine-room, and in doing so accidentally tripped and> fell upon his face, in which posi- tion he remained, and this seems in some measure to have protected him. His-com- panion made for the ladder, with the view of getting on deck, but the burning steam which surrounded him on all sides drove him backwards, and the poor fellow was rendered utterly powerless. Not knowing of a place of escape, he remained clutching convul- sively by the ladder, and groaning horribly, every breath he drew scalding fearfully his month, throat, and nostrils, while every part of his person was being burned with if ex- ternally. When the force of the steam had in some measure abated, some of the crew descended and brought him on deck, and he was immediately removed to tha Mumbles, where some flour was applied to those burn» which were most severe. The unfortunate man was then taken to the Swansea Infir- mary. Shortly after his admission he was visited by Mr. Wiglcsworth, one of the sur- geons to the charity, who minutely examined the extent of the injuries, which were found to be of the most terrible character. The skin over every part of his person peeled off with the slightest touch ; in many places large patches had been removed, and in taking off his shirt at the Mumbles it was observed that the skin had been gradually drawn off with it from the arms, hands, anil fingers, and was now seen to be hanging at least a foot from the extremity of his fingers, attached only by the nails, like a glove turned inside nut. Every remedy which surgery could furnish was employed to alle- viate the poor sufferer's tortures, recovery being pronounced at once by Mr. Wigles worth utterly hopeless. His agonies were so excruciating that he endeavoured to get out of bed, in order, as he said, to dash his brains out against the wall, and so terminate his misery. They were not, however, very pro- tracted, for he expired about four hours after his admission, nearly six hours after the ac- cident occurred. We understand that he leaves a wife and child in Ireland. As soon as the Troubadour arrived in the harbour, the remaining sufferer from the accident was removed to the same excellent charity, and although the scalds on his person are exten- sive, they are of a less dangerous character than those received by his unfortunate com- panion ; and we are very glad to hear that he is progressing favourably, and that strong hopes are entertained of his ultimate reco- very.- Cambrian. M. SALAMANCA, SPANISH FINANCE MI- NISTER.-A letter from Madrid of the 30th ultimo, in the Memorial Bordelais, gives the following particulars relative to M'. Sala- manca, now one of the chief members of the new ministry in Spain :-"This gentleman is now forty years of ago. He studied the law at Granada, ami in 1836 was nominated by Malaga, his native town, member of the cen- tral revolutionary junta of Andujar. On tile dissolution of the junta he was nominated judge of one of the provincial courts of law, and at a later p -riod was appointed to a similar situation in Madrid. Being thrown into the middle of the lucrative affairs which were negotiated during the civil war, he began speculating under the direction of his brother-in-law, M. Heredia, n wealthy mer- chant of Malaga. In a little lime he dis- played great financial talent, and embarked in gigantic transactions. His expenses be- came unusually great, and he was generally believed to have acquired an immense for- tune. During the regency of Espartero he exerted himself actively, in conjunction with the Moderado party, to effect the overthrow of that statesman. About the linne that Queen Isabella was declared of age, he be- came the intim >te friend of General Narvaez, and it was he who overthrew the cabinet of Gonzalez Bravo. At a later period he quar- relled with the general, and eventually brought about the fall of the Narvaez ministry. During three years he held the lease of the salt works in Spain, and on its expiration M. Mon refused to renew it, a circumstance which is considered to have in- fluenced M. Salamanca's recent political proceedings. He also obtained a lease of the quicksilver mines, which, however, he subsequently ceded to M. de Rothschild. It is said that he was not a stranger to the in- surrectional movement in Gallicia in 1846, and that he engaged in it to be revenged on Narvaez. It was he who formed' the idea of the section of the opposition in the Chamber called the "Puritans," which at first opposed the marriage of the Queen with the Count de Trapani, and at a later period combatted the French influence, and insisted on an amnesty being granted, and on strict legality being observed as a means of government. M. Salamanca has great influence in tlie trans- actions of the Stock Exchange. He is at the head of all mercantile enterprises; a director of the Bunk of Isabella II., and of the Theatre Royal, the* Circus, which, it is said, costs him 300,000f. per annum. He is also a shareholder in a greater part of the newspapers and periodicals, and as such has great influence over the press. He keeps up a princely establishment, and is now building a palace of great magnificence at Madrid, near the Prado. He is president of the Casino, the aristocratic club. His character is haughty, and he cannot bear contradiction v his manners are amiable, and he apeales fluently.-Observer, April 12. THE CENSORSHIP ON THE PRESS AT ROME. Tiie following gratifying intelligence) dated Rome, March 28lh, appears in the Daily News:-"The struggle between the Roman newspapers and Austrian interférence, of which we had reached the crisis when I wrote last, has just terminated in the total discomfiture of Metternich and the triumph of the press. The ' edict,' forced on the pusillanimous Gizzi, has, thanks to the firm attitude of our local editors, become a dead letter ; and yesterday all our journals came out fresh and vigorous as ever, without the ghost of a ' government stamp,' and evincing no trace of meddling censorship. It is under- stood that no change will be attempted in matters of public journalism ' for the present year,' and such a concession to the late out- burst of opinion is quite tantamount to a final settlement. It is a point of étiquette tacitly understood in Rome, that no edict once promulgated can be formally repealed, however it may be suffered to lie dormant: for instance, the late Governor Marini issued an ukase against fox-hunting in the Cam pagna, according to which the horse and its rider are still liable to fine and confiscation ; yet the hounds meet twice a-week, and the whipper-in is reckless." ANTIDOTE TO OXALIC ACID.-Mr. An- thony, surgeon, of Brixham, was lately called to a young married female, about 10 years of age, who had taken about 100 grains of oxalic acid. He administered milk, with a view to form a coagulara, which succeeded' in the most effectual way by producing in- stantaneous vomiting, as he expected ; after every ejection from the stomach, Mr. A. repeated the dose of milk, in quantities of a. pint and sometimes half a pint, until vomit- ing'ceased, and the pulse was restored to iu> natural tone. Milk being a decided antidote to the poison, too much publicity cannot be given for the information of the public Leeds Mercury, April 10. MODE OF DEALING WITH THE CHINESE. I was one day travelling amongst the hills, in the interior of the island (Amoy), in places" where I suppose no Englishman had ever Been bpfore. The day was fine, and the whole of the agricultural labourers were at work in the field». When they first saw me, they seemed much excited, and from their gestures and language I was almost in- clined to think them hostile. From every hill and valley they cried " Wyloe-Fokei," or " Wyloe-san-pan-Fokei ;" that is, " Be off to your boat, friend;" but on former oc- casions I had always found that the best plan was to put a bold face on the matter,' and walk in amongst them, and then try to get them into good humour. In this in- stance the plan succeeded admirably: we were in a few minutes excellent friends ; the boys were running in all directions gathering plants for my specimen-box, and the old men were offering me thrir bamboo-pipes to smoke. As I got a little nearer to the vil- lage, however, their suspicions seemed to return, and they evidently would have been better pleased had I either remained where I was, or gone back again. This procedure did not suit my plans, and although they tried very hard to induce me to " wyloe" to my " san- pan," it was of no use. They then pointed to the heavens, which were very black at the time, and told me that it would soon be a thunderstorm; but even this did not succeed. As a last resource, some of the little ones were sent on to apprise the villagers of my approach, and when I reached the village every living thing, down even to the dogs- and pigs, were out to have a peep at the " Fokei." I soon put them all, the dogs excepted, in the best humour. One, seemingly the head man of the village, brought me some cakes and tea. I thanked him, and began to eat. The hundreds who now surrounded me were perfectly delighted. " He eats and drinks like ourselves," said one ; " Look," said two or three behind me, who had been examining the back part of my head rather attentively ; " look here, the stranger has no tail ;" und then the whole crowd, women and children included, had to come round me to see if it was really a fact that I had no tail. One of them, rather a dandy in his way, with a noble tail of his own, plaited with silk, now came forward, and taking off a kind of cloth, which the natives here wear as a turban, and allowing his tail to full gracefully over his shoulders, said to me in the roost triumphant manner, " look at that." I acknowledged It waa very fine, and promised, if he wonld allow me to cut it off, 1 would wear it for his sake. He seemed very much disgusted at the idea of such a loss, and the others had a good laugh at bim.-Fortune's Wanderings in China. A NOVELTY IN AEROSTATION.-Mr. Gale, aeronaut, of New York, ascended in a bal- loon of a novel construction, from the grounds of the Rosemary Branch Tavern, Peckham, on Wednesday. The balloon was made of silk manufactured in Spitalfields, and contained 34,000 feet of gas. Mr. Gale was accompanied by Mr. Byrne. The bal- loon, on ascending at six o'clock, proceeding in a south- easterly direction, passing over Norwood and Blackheath. When at an im- mense height in the air, Mr. Gale lowered, from the car in which be and his companion were seated, another car, which having de- scended about twenty-five feet, Mr. Gale made his way into it by means of a rope ladder. This perilous exploit was beheld, with astonishment, not without fear, by the spectators, but was performed in an ad- mirable manner; and the aeronaut, having reached the lower car in safety, sent off a sort of shell or firework, composed by Mr. Mortram, of well-known pyrotechnic cele- brity, which exploded with a very loud re- port, and then proceeded to discharge a series of shells or petards, attached to the lower car, but which descended a consider- able way before they burst, and prevented any danger to the balloon. This ascent is certainly a curious variety in aerostation, and removes the monotony of a parcel of people going up in the clouds at dusk and coming down a little after dusk, to the amusement of nobody but themselves, and indifference of all but the very idle and igno- rant.--Observer, April 12. HOW TO MAKE AN IMPARTIAL JODGE. The Taunton assize courts are found to be the most disagreeable in England, the warm- ing and ventilation being regulated so as to prove how well the magistrates of that dis- trict can blow both hot and cold. Last week the members of the bar complained to Mr. Justice Cresswell that the cold was killing them. Tlie Judge ordered the cold air to be excluded, but in vain ; he then remarked, in a sarcastic tone-" Gentlemen, I have done all I can. I believe the best thing you can do is to make your wills and submit your- selves to your fate. As to our unhappy selves, we are so placed that we have the stove on one side, and a constantly opening door on the door; so that one- half of our person is in a furor of heat, while the other is in a slate very nearly approaching the freezing point. We will venture to say that there is at least a difference o£ forty degrees on the two sides, intended, perhaps, as an inducement to keep us independent between both parties." Liverpool Albion, April 12. THE GOVERNMENT AT THE CAPE.-Sir P. Maitland, the late Governor and Commander in-Chief at the Cape, is expected to arrive in England shortly. Lady Pottinger still con- tinues in London, and it is not likely that her ladyship and family will join Sir Henry for some time, if indeed at all, as the gallant Major Genera], having undertaken the re- sponsible but onerous office solely with the view of rendering service to his Sovereign and country, is likely to retire as soon as peace is firmly re-established in the colony. -BelVs Messenger, April 12. DOITATIOir FROM THE DUKE OF WEL- LINGTON.-In the published statement of the proceeds of the sale of ladies' work in Dun- dee last week, the following entry occurs : " His Grace the Duke of Wellington, per a lady, £5." The explanation of this is, that a young lady of that town wrote to his Grace, explaining the object of the sale, and solicit- ing a few autographs, which, she said, would doubtless find ready and liberal purchasers. His Grace politely declined the request, but enclosed a money subscription instead. Sunday Times, April 4. INVERNESS.-AFFECTING DEATH.- It is reported that two females, named Ldgan, mother and daughter, residing at the shore of Inverness, died last week from actual starvation. They were at one time in com- fortable circumstances, the knowledge of which, in addition to their recent depressed circumstances, and their anxiety to conceal their actual condition from the knowledge of the public, rendered them averse to asking parochial or other relief. The result has been that they were both found dead in one bed.-ßelVs Messenger, April 12._ Printed and published by RICHARD JONES, at the " Maitland Mercury" Office, High», street, West Maitland. 