JBotnestic intelligence. DOG CRI'SADE.—The order which passed some time since prohibiting the slaughter of dojrs, has been rescinded, and last night at 12 o'clock the constabulary sallied forth to capture such of the canine species as were not under the protection of the law. Instead however, of the old disgusting system of slaughtering the animals in the streets, they are to be caught by a lusso, and conveyed to the yard of the Eastern Hill, Watchhouse, where chains afHxed to posts have been provided for their accommodation. After remaining in confinement unclaimed for twelve hours, they will be hanged. THE MAW INSATIABLE—It is understood that that very public-spirited and disinterested member of our local communitv Mr. James Smith, has succeeded in persuading his Excellency Sir Charles Fitzroy, to propose in the estimates for 1848, the increase of his salary as visiting magis- «» tho flo.tl, fmm -C^O «o |»or This is whistling an old song to a new tune with a vengeance. A NEW PENAL SETTLEMENT.—Captain Stanley, just appointed to the Rattlesnake, 26 guns, now at Portsmouth, is immediately to proceed to Torres Straits, Australia, the Coast of Guinea, and Solomon's Islands to selcct which of them may be most eligible to form a new penal settlement for male convicts. It has been erroneously stated that all the male convicts are to be removed from her Majesty's dock-yards and arsenals, and shipped off tor tbe penal settlements and that the work is to be done by free labour. It is stated upon official authority, that Government does not intend to abolish these establishments or to remove the convicts. The new settlement will obviate the uecessity of sending more convicts to Sydney and Van Dicmen's Land, as they are becoming overstocked with these unhuppy creatures.— POSTAL.—An attempt is about to be made for the establishment of a private mail, to run between the Fitz Roy and Mr. M'Kinlay's house on the Gleuelg, aud to be undertaken by one so thoroughly able to carry out tbe project, as Mr. Edgar, of the Bush Tavern. NEW EXPORT.—We have been shown several samples of oil which had been procured from the Youngon, a marine aJmal that abounds in the bay, and in the capture of which several persons are now engaged. The oil is of excelleut quality, pellucid, and of most agreeable odour. We should say that h is admirably adapted for a variety of purposes, ornamental as well as use. I'ul. it has been used in the frying of fish, aud has been highly approved of by connoisseurs in cookery, who prouourice it to be quite equal to any salad oil. it is also said to be admirably adapted for the toilette. One of these animals will yield six or seven gallons of oil, and as they are very numerous, their produce may become a very valuable article lor exportation, or lor home consumption. We understand that several samples have been sent to Sydney, it is our intention shortly to publish an account of the habits of the Vounyon, and the best mode of effecting its capture. We believe that an animal, similaj in every respect, is found in the China seas. The natives on the coast prefer the flesh to everything tlse in the shape of food.~Al<«i-at Courier. GUICIJEN 'BAY.—A letter signed " L. Healey, M. R. C. S. and L. A. H. L." mid dated Guichen Bay, December 23d, appears iu the South Australian Gazette, of the 9(h instant. The writer, in acknowledging thut several flocks of sheep had been removed from the vicinity of Rivoli and Guichen Bays, in order to save the remnant of them from perishing," vegetation there being injurious to sheep, from the absence of carbon in sufficient quastiiies, proposes the burning off the old feed, which Air. Henley contends will afford the desired requisite, and make the neighbourhood of those buys eveu more suitable for the growth of wool than most other places. We venture to say that if it be possible to set fire to the bush in the localities named, the herbage had been burnt off a hundred times be" fore a sheep has ever been poisoned in those loca s lities.— Rivou BAY.—By Mr. Crouch, who returned last evening from ilivoli Bay, we learn that that settlement is satisfactorily ilioughslow.lv progressing. A few persons have settled in the township, and have erected dwellings, while settlers are locating themselves within a short distai.ee of the township. Ouichen Uay, it is said, as likely to be a failure, and although a magistrate, clerk, and medical officer have located themselves there, they are left alone in their glory. Captain Underwood, in the Governor Gawl'r had made a final trip to Rivoli Bay, a few days'aso and intended to confine his future voyages within tbe bounds of Spencer's Gulf.—Port land Guardian, Jau. 22. SLAUGHTERING STATISTICS.—The return made by Mr. Pierce, the Inspector of cattle slaughtered in the town of Melbourne, shews that during the pastmooth 499 head of cattle have been slaughtered in the town during the month of January; thefees arising from which are £6 4s. 9d. The largest slaughterers were Messrs. Hoffman, Booth and Argy.e, and Wilson. Only twenty head were slaughtered for the purpose of meltiug down. APPEAL.—An appeal to the Supreme Court has been lodged in the case of Pender, appellant, v. Duff, respondent, which came on to be heard before the last sittings of the Court of Quarter Sessions, when the conviction of the Court below was confirmed by the majority of the Justices, the Judge presiding as chairman, and two Barristers, Justices, being in the minority. VAN DIEMEN'L LAND.—Private letters by the Swan River Packet, arrived at Geelong, mention that the Windermere, with the new Governor, Captain Sir William Denison, and suite, on board, was at anchor in Bull Bay, in the River Derwent. It is not known whether Mr. La Trobe would return immediatelj on the arrival of the new Governor, the inquiry relative to the working of the- Probation system being still in progress. CRICKET—A match between the Geelong and Melbourne Clubs, has, with the exception of a few of the minor arrangements, been agreed upon, and will probably come off in Geelong about the time fixed for the races. - Geelong Advertiser. STRANGERS' FRIEND SOCIETY. — We have several times past called the attention of the public to the state of the funds of this benevolent association, and have had great pleasure in recording our sense of the good which it has been the means of doing. We were not however aware that the offices of this Society had been made use of, by parties possessing ample funds, but who were not at all desirous of spending their money to pay the doctors. An instance of this kind was proved in the Court of Requests, on Tuesday, when it appeared that although the gentleman had a banking account here, with a balance of forty pounds due to him, and a handsome watch and chain, upon which he himself put the value of twenty guineas, he obtained attendance and medicines from this society, for the space of seven weeks. We hear that it is the intention of the mem! ers to sue this worthy for the amount of relief afforded, and we hope that they will do so, as it will be an easy and very general plan of guarding other charitable institutions, and the public in general against the tricks of such victimisers.—Communicated. MAP OF PORT PHILLIP.—His Excellency the Governor has kindly granted permission to M r. Ham, the engraver, to dedicate his forthcoming map of the province to him, and has also issued directions for Mr. Ham's being supplied with the survey of the new County—Auckland. The map, we understand, will make its appearance on the 23d inst. THE COCK LANE GHOST REDIVIVLS.— Every night during the past week the residence ol F. L. Clay, solicitor, near < he flag-staff, has been honoured by the presence of some very unwelcome visitant who indulgeshimsalfregularly with the destruction of the glass in the rear of the premises. A very sharp look-out was kept for the discovery of the miscreant, but without effect, the services of the police have, however, been called in and already, we believe, a clue has been obtained to the discovery of the offender. THE complaints of the incivility of some of the underlings of the Customs department. Yesterday afternoon there was a regular storm at the Custom House. THE CONSPIRACY CASE.—Mr. Zechariali Sayers, charged with conspiring with Lettice Maltby to swear her illegitimate child to Mr. William liorton, and for whose apprehension a i.ai.«„.i,.. u e,»i»ui;u oy iue niuiuourne bench, has made himself scarce, and the most affectionate enquiries made after him by the police have ended in nothing. This looks suspicious, to say the least of it. CUSTOMS.— There are grievous HOLIDAYS —The Supreme Court holidays terminated on Tuesday last, when all the officers were in attendance at their respective posts. FIRST DAY OF TERM.—Monday next is the first day of the First Term, 1847, on which occasion the Supreme Court will be opened at 10 o'clock ; in consequence of the lengthened vacation just terminated considejable business has accumulated. COLONIAL MANUFACTURERS —It is exceedingly gratifying to observe that there is a constantly recurring demand for the means of increasing our colonial manufacturers. Besides minor works Messrs. Langlands and Co., have in progress a stea n engine of seven horse power for a flour mill at Kilmore now in the course of erection by Mr. R. Allan; an engine of similar power ! ! for a bark mill at Messrs. Burchett and Brodie's | tannery on the Yarra; an engine of twelve horse power for a flour mill which is being erected by Mr. Grey at Geelong, and a new hopper for dres- ; ! sing flour, of a most ingenious description, for Messrs. Alison and Knight's steam mills. IMPORTANT TO MERCHANTS.—Yesterday, Mr. Thomas Brown, of the firm of Thomas Brown and Co., merchants, George-street, ap. peared at the Police- office, and pleaded guilty to an information lodged against him by Mr. Stirling, Inspector of Distilleries, for a breach of the 63rd clause of the 9th Vict., No 24, he having neglected to register his premises as a wholesale spirit merchant. Mr. Johnson, who conducted tbe case for the Ciown, stated that Mr. Stirling bad brought the case before the court solely for the purpose of cautioning gentlemen engaged in the spirit trade respecting the registration of their stores, cellars, &c.;, where spirits were kept. Mr. Brown had registered his premises lust year, and had omitted to so do for the year just commenced, in conquenceof which he was liable to be fined £10 for tvery day that the registration was allowed to stand over. The court ordered the defendant to pay a fine of £10 for neglecting to comply with the Act. The payment of the costs was arranged out of court.-6'.Af. Herald, Jan. 29. [When the Act k9 Victoria, No. 26, was passed we warned both merchants and brewers of what WHS necessary to be done to avoid incurring such penalties as the above, but we are not aware that even a singl e one of the number acted upon the hint. In like manner when the Scab in Sheep Act passed, we warned the settlers of the risks they were running, and even went to the expense of briuginging out an edition of the Act in order that they might be in a position to inform themselves on tbe subject. We found it, however, bat labour in vain, for on the true devil'maycare principle, not one of the number ever bestowed a thought on the matter till Mr. Henry Grey Beniiet was pulled up with a round turn, when they found their was something of more consequence in the matter than their " little black pipe" and " little biack gin." ATTEMPTED night Mr. Leacb, of the Somerton Inn, Sydney Road, was standing together with his wife behind their bar, and another party sitting in front »:-hen three men armed and with their faces blackened, came to the door and called "stand •" one of them entered the bar and presented'a musket at Leach, which exploded, but without doing him any injury ; Leach rushed out of the house, and passing the men made for the stables in which there were half a dozen men engaged in looking after some horses, who upon hearing the explosion of fire-arms, he met making towards the house ; the robbers finding themselves so much outnumbered immediately made off. It is supposed the robbers were some of the men who had been observed by the police lurking about at tbe Kinlochewe races. ROBBERY. — On Tuesday CRICKET.—The return match between the Melbourne"and Tradesmen Cricket Clubs, will come off on Wednesday next. ACCIDENTS.—In addition to SERIOUS the several cases of severe casualities recorded in omr last number, we have to-day the painful duty of adding two others of a very serious nature.— The first case is that of Mr. W. L. Brodie, of the Moonee Moonee Ponds, who with his wife and children were thrown from a gig in Lonsdalestreet, on Sunday last, by the violent concession in crossing one of the ruts in that locality. Mr. Brodie and the children escaped with a few bruises of minor consequence, but we regret to learn that Mrs. Brodie has sustained severe injury, her collar bone being fractured by the violence of tbe fall and her body otherwise severely bruised. Mrs. Brodie was carried to the Crown Hotel where she still lies suffering severe bodily agony. On Tuesday, -Miss Langlands, sister of the Messrs. Langlands of the Foundry, was thrown from her horse close to tbe Foundry wall, the horse having taken fright and become unmanagable just as sbe had mounted bim at the door of her brother's residence. Miss L. fell on her head, and was taken up insensible, evidently suffering under severe concussion of the brain.— Miss Langlands is still very ill, but we are happy to learn that her medical attendants give strong hope of her recovery. MASONIC.— The SYDNEY, Post-office packet for October, brings despatches from the Grand Secretary of the Grand Lodge of the Freemasons of Scotland, announcing that at the last annual Grand Election held in Freemasons' Hall, Brother James Hunter Ross, R.W.M., of the Australasian Kilwiuning Lodge, Melbourne, was appointed Provincial Grand Master for Australia Felix, in compliance with the application to that effect forwarded from the province. It seems, however, from the annual circular that Brother Ross's patent includes also New South Wales and South Australia. On the same occasion the Right Hon. Lord Glenl>on (now Duke of Atbol) was re elected the Grand Master Mason of Scotland. MUNICIPAL.—The Sydney' City Council have elected Mr. Councillor Fisher, citizen and wine and spirit merchant, to the office of Alderman of Gipps Ward vacant by the resignation of Mr. Alderman Flood. The only other candidate who caine to the poll was Mr. Councillor Josepnson, citizen and solicitor, who polled twelve votes, his opponent polling thirteen. Weekly Despatch, October 4. —Portland Guardian. ? ? Portland Gazette, Jan. 25. —ED. M.A.] 