. ODDS AND ENDS. .?. The great art of life is too play for much, and . to stake little. ' ' Anger is thc most impotent passion that ac ' companies thc mind of man ; it effects nothing it goes about, and hurts tl ie man who is possessed by it, more than any other against whom it is directed. What thing is love, which nought can countervail? ; Nought save itself, e'en such a thing is love ; And worldly wealth in worth as far doth fail, As lowest earth doth yield to hcav'n above. Divine is love, and scorneth worldly pelf, And can be bought with nothing but with self. Avarice is a most stupid and senseless passion, and the surest symptom of a sordid and sickly mind. . Passions.-A.gentle stirring of thc passions . prevents the mind from languishing. Fallacy of Ghosts and Spectres.-One ar \- : guipent to provo that thc common relations of ghosts and spectres arc generally false, may be drawn from the opinion held, that spirits arc never seen by more than one person at a time ; that is to say, it seldom happens to above one }-orson in a company to be possessed with any ligh degree of spleen or melancholy. Peers.-When a man is made a spiritual peer, ho loses his surname ; when a temporal, his christian name. Men, unknown, to themselves.- Although men arc accused for not knowing their own weak '. 'ness, yet perhaps as few know their own strength, lt is in men as in soils, where sometimes there is -a vein .of gold which the owners know not of. " GENUINE WIT. . "True wit is like the brilliant stone . ? Dug from Golconda's minc ; '.. 'Which boasts two various powers in .one, : To eut as well as shine. '.?I .'Genius, like that, if polish'd right, -. .-> . -Willi tlie same gifts abounds, . . ' Appears at once both keen and bright, And sparkles while it wounds. ? ?[ '.True Nobility,-Tlc inexorable to your own . "failings, but treat those of thc rest of the world -with tenderness, not excepting even such asfor givc none but themselves. - ?'" ' Conduct and courage lead to honour. ' . Sadness and Mirth.-Sadness contracts the \- 'rnind ; mirth dilates it. : Conscience-A good conscience fears nothing. ;,T Poetry.- Its Definition.-- Poetry paints all that it sccs, mid adorns all that it paints. ''. Charity is its own reward. - . True Politeness.-True and dignified polite : ness is ease'andfreedom. . . ,, Good, Policy.-The more quietly and pcacc i ably .we'; get on, thc better for ourselves, thc ' Tacitcr for our neighbours. In nine enscs out of ";: len; the-wisest policy is, if ono cheat you, to y qillt . dealing witli him ; if he is abusive, to quit .'.'.his company;' if he slanders you, so to live as ?u' tbat'nobody will believe him ; no matter who he : 'is', or'how he misuses you, thc wisest way is, ijenere/Zy, just let him alone.. There is nothirtg better than this cool, calm, quiet way of dealing . with tho wrongs we meet. _ Happiness.'-Uái^ints»'consists in the mul .1 ttplioity of agreeable consciousness. A peasant . has. not. a capacity for. having equal happiness with a philosopher,: they may bo equally satis- fied,, but" not equally'happy. A small drinking ' glass and n large one may be equally full, but .the'largcr one holds more limn thc smaller.' . . ,Poetsï-A mini's poetry is a distinct faculty, ' or Soul, from his cvery- day life. . V Dr. Johnson says, ?" A generous nhd elevated' mind is distinguished by nothing more certainly .... than by au eminent dugree of curiosity." 