THE ROYAL MARRIAGES IN SPAIN., j . THE "Madrid Gazette" contains a decree, ! naming the Infinité Don Francisco d'Assis j Field Marshal (Capt. General) in the army. A chapter of the Order of the Golden Fleece ¡ was held on the 10th instant, at the Palace, for the purpose of conferring upon the Duke de ¡ Montpensier the Grand Collar of the Order, j The Duke d'Aumale acted as sponsor ; the In fante, Don Francisco d'Assis, his father, Don ! Francisco de Paula, and the Duke de Riansares, were present as knights. The Royal marriages were solemnised at the palace at nie hour and in theinaaner described in our paper last week. The Queen and her sisters were dressed in white. Don Francisco d'Assis wore the rich uniform of a jîeld marshal, which was under stood to hare been a present to him from the Queen Mother. He was decorated with the insignia of the Golden Fleece and the Grand Cross cf the Legion of Honor. The Dukes of Montpensier and d'Aumale were dressed in the uniforms of French Generals, and they also wore the collar of the Golden Fleece and the* Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor. The Queen and her sister were given in marriage by<their mother, and the same office was ren dered by Don Francisco to his son. The Duke d'Aumale acted as father to the Duke de Mont pensier- The witnesses on the part of Spain were-Cartanos Duke of Bailen, and the Dukes of Castroterreno and Rianzares; on the part of France, the Duke d'Aumale, M. Bresson, and Baron Athalin, peer of France. The officiating prelate commenced his func tions hy saying: "Senora Donha Isabella LL, of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain,- I demand of .your Majesty, and of your Highness, Serene Sir, Don Francisco d'Assis Mana de Bourbon, In fante of Spain, in case you know of any im pediments to this present marriage, and why it could not and ought not to be contracted that is to say, if there exist between your Ma jesty and Highness impediments of consan guinity, affinity, or spiritual relationship, inde pendently of those impediments that have been dispensed with by his Holiness-if you have made any vows of chastity or religion, and, finally, if there exist impediments of any other kind-that you forthwith declare them. The same I demand of all here present For the second and third time I make the same de mand, that you freely discover any impediments you are aware of." j After some moments of silence, no one re-. ¡ plying, he addressed the Queen, thus- i " Senora Donna Isabella LL, of Bourbon, I Catholic Queen of Spain, do you wish for your I spouse and husband, as the Holy Catholic, ! Apostolic, and Roman Church directs, Don j Francisco d'Assis Maria de Bourbon, Infante of Spain?" , ! The Queen kissed her mother's hand, and being again asked the same question by the Bishop, replied, wYes, I wish." The prelate then said, " Does your Majesty give yourself as spouse and wife to his Serene Highness Don Francisco d'Assis Maria de Bourbon ?" The Queen answered, "I do." "Does your Majesty receive and accept the said Infante Don Francisco d'Assis Maria de Bourbon for your spouse and husband ?" "Yes, I receive and accept." The Bishop then addressed the Infante. "Most Serene Sir, Don Francisco d'Assis Maria de Bourbon, Infante of Spain, does your Highness wish for spouse and lawful wife her Majesty Isabella LI,, of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, as the Holy Roman Catholic and Apcstouc Church directs ?" 'ifie jennee answerea, " ïes, i wisn." "Does your Highness give yourself?" &c.; " Yes, I do." . j " Does your Highness-receive and accept as your spouse and lawful wife Donna Isabella H. of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain ?" " Yes, I do receive and acceptw Then, joining the hands of the Queen and Infante, and taking his crozier, the Bishop said "And I, on the part of Almighty God and of the happy Apostles, St. Peter and St Paul, and of our Holy Mother Church, join in ma trimony your Majesty Senora Donna Isabella IL, of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, and your Royal Highness Don Francisco d'Assis Maria of Bourbon ; and this sacrament of ma- ? trimony I confirm in the name of the Father, j and of the son, and of the Holy Ghost i Amen.M He then sprinkled holy water on the heads of the Queen and Prince, and afteiwards-in words only varying according to-' the different ranks of the parues-on the ïnï^te eifà the Duke de Montpensier; and thus the ceremony was concluded. According to the custom .of Spain, the brides and bridegrooms did not es I change rings on this occasion, but this cere j inony was reserved for the nuptial benediction j at the church of Atocha on the following day. ! After some few minutes passed' in mutual con [gratulations, their Majesties, the Infanta, the Princes, and the Court, retired with ali the at tendants. . ¡ Next day, the royal brides and bridegrooms, | with the Queen Mother and the rest .of the \ Royal Family, attended by all who were at the - first ceremony, were conducted in gorgeous i state to t he church of Atocha, which was splen- j didly decorated for tbe " velación," or " the i veiling.'' The party was received by the Pa triarch, seated before the high altar, with, his mitre on his head and the crozier in his hand, surrounded by a numerous body of the priest hood. * Immediately on the entrance of the Royal party, he put aside his crozier, and the service commenced by the benediction of the offering (" las arras''), which the bridegroom presents to the bride, consisting of thirteen pieces of money, and which she immediately presents to the church. The officiating Deacon then pre sented to the Patriarch, on a salver, the nuptial rings, which were also blessed according to the ritual of the Roman Church. Holy water was then presented to all present, and with which each person marked himself with the sign of the cross. After this, the Patriarch pu£ one of the rings on the ring finger of the right hand of the bridegroom, who transferred it to the same finger of the right hand of the bride, in ex change for another ring, which in like manner had been placed on her finger, which she gave to the bridegroom. Upon this, the bridegroom took into the palm of his hand the offering, and. poured it into her palm, saying, " Spouse, I give you this ring and tins offering in sign of marriage." She replied, "I accept them," and imme diately delivered the offering over to the church. The prelate assumed his crozier, and, fol lowed by the bride and bridegroom, went to their respective places to hear mass, the choir chanting the Psalm, " Beati omnes qui timent Dominum, qui ambulant viis ejus." On reach ing the last step of the altar, the married couple kneeled, and again received the nuptial bene diction. The Patriarch then robed himself in the proper vestments for parfonning mass, which, according to the Roman'rubric, is to be without music. During tiie reading of the epistle, a lighted taper was placed in the hands of each of tbe newly-married parties, and which they after wards offered to the Virgin, and having kissed the cross presented to them by the Patriarch, the service proceeded till it came to the do minical prayer, when a white veil was extended over the heads of the bride and bridegroom ; and when the Patriarch had repeated the prayer "Libéranos, quosumus, Domine," he turned towards the married parties, and invoked upon them the blessing of Heaven, and having given them the pix to kiss, he continued the mass to .** Ita, missa est." He then resumed his mitre and crozier, and gave the last blessing to the bride and bridegroom in the following words : -"Now that you have received the blessing ordained by the church, I have only to recom mend you tb be faithful ene to the other, love each other mutually as husband and wife, and live in the holy fear of God. Amen!" The last Gospel being read, the Patriarch, addressing the bridegroom, said, "I have given you a companion and not a servant-love as Jesus Christ loveth his Church ! Go forth in peace !" This concluded the ceremony, and the royal party returned to the palace in the order in which it came. 