Sill R. B. LYTTON AND HIS AS SAILANTS. Jhe author or Lucretia has addressed a " word to the public" on the subject of the attacks on some of his works, the tost especially, and the charge of an immoral tendency. A vindication con ducted with more calmness and temper we have never seen. There is not a trace ol soreness, not an angry word in it. Sir E. B. Lytton passes no judg ment on his critics ; his sole objects seemt to be to explain clearly the prin ciples and tendencies of his writings, and to leave the public to decide whe ther or not they deserve the censures which have been levelled at them. This forbearanl conduct conveys the most dignified rebuke to some of Sir E. B. Lytton's assailants ; — he argues, but he will not vilify. Wc have much wondered at the acri- mony with which Sir R. L. Bulwer has been attacked. Why is it that men of letters have this propensity to lower and decry distinguished members of their own body ? They complain of want of consideration, and yet they are eager to diminish the public respect of those who stand foremost in celebrity, and who cannot be discredited without a fortiori discrediting to the lowest degree all of tha sama vocation who are of less re- nown. Literary men are the only men who pass judgment on their own brethern. Painters and sculptors have it not in their power to make or mar the reputa- tions of painters and sculptors, lawyers cannot make or mar the fortunes of lawyers. Men of letters alone sit in judgment on members of their own body ; and the want of station in so- cirty and consideration of which they so loudly complain is, we believe, very much the result of their own work in the tribunal of criticism. To make the world respect men of letters, men of letters must begin to manifest more res- pect for each other ; they must must not be so prone to dclractiou ; they must not push objection to imputation ; they must not treat an author who has the misfortune not to please them, as if lie were a pest to society, spreading an infection of vice by his writings. On the other hand, we do not wish lo see literary men con- spiring to make reputations exceeding desert ; what we deprecate is ungeuer- ous and unjust disparagement, especially unbecoming in men sitting in judgment on compeers and rivals, and which is as impolitic for the interests of the corps as it is cruel to the individul suf ferer. Every now and then we see some eminent author marked out for a run against him. A favourite mode of de traction is to compare his last produc tion with his most successful one, and to find it wanting in the batance. This is scourging a writer with his own laurels, or gibbeting him upon the highest standard of his own genius. But if an author cannot he charged with falling off in talent, the next re source of the spirit of detraction is to impute immorality. But leaving generalities, we do not hesitate to assert that there is no man of our time who has such claims on the consideration of writers as Sir E. B. Lytton : fur apart from the respect which li is genius should command, his numerous services to literature and to literary men entitle him to their hunor and gratitude. He has always been ready to befriend the young author, and his purse has ever been most ge nerously open to the wants of the distressed. Wc happen to know of some sad recent tragedies, which brought to light conduct of Sir R. B. Lytton, to which we can apply no less word than noble He had bountifully rendered succour, but h: had done more — he had with the nicest and most jefined consi deration endeavoured to sustain and comfort a wounded spirit. It was in vain, but his good offices did not close with the poor sufferer's grave, they solaced aud supported his bereaved offspring. For the interests of literature, Sir B. L. Bulwer has exerted himself actively and successfully, lie did much towards the redticl on of the newspaper tax ; he was the first who proposed the international copyright ; and the protection which the drama has received, the benefit of which every dramatic writer feels, it owes to Sir R. B. Lytton. Is this then a man to be assailed, with virulence by members of the literary body? His services public and private, should not indeed procure exemption from fair criticism, but they might certainly be expected to command for him that, and to preserve objections from any mixture or animosity. Sir E. B. Lytton has introduced criminal characters into his fictions, and he is taxed with having gloated on crime, and held it up to admiration. If there had been any truth in this accu sation, wc protest that we should have been amongst the fust to raise the hue and cry against the offender ; for there is not an offence more obnoxious to our taste, and our opinions of morality, then the one mentioned ; indeed when once, and once only, wc thought wc perceived a tendency to the fault in one of Sir E. B Lyllon's works, ' Night and Morning,' we promptly expressed our opinion. In ' Lncretia' it may fairly be ob jected that the subject is too monoto nously criminal ; it is indeed for that reason a painful book ; the crime is connected with great talent, and mental powers, but the author always keeps separate the appreciation of the intel lectual attributes of the persons, and the judgment on the actions in which they arc employed. There is no ad miration of the criminals ; they are as hateful as their crimes, and it is that which makes the baok so painful, great as the skill is iu the authorship. But let us pass to Sir K B Lytton's fuller exposition of the principles of the three works out of sixteen in which crime is the main subject. — ' Paul Clifford' ' Eugene Arum, and ' Lucretia' ; " It would seem from the hackneyed repetition of the same accusation against me, and the vehemence with which it is accompanied, that I had had the dis credit lo introduce into fiction some hideous innovation, opposed by the greatest writers or at variance with the usual privileges of my calling. But what is the fact? Has not the delinea tion of crime, in every age — been the more especial and chosen thesis of the greatest masters of art quoted to us as authorities, and held up to us as models? The parricide of Œdipus furnishes in spiration to the all-perfect and all- polished genius of Sophocles : Medea murders her children ; Clytemnestra her husband, Orestes his mother ; Phedra woos her step-son. " Enough, then, has been said to show that crime is an admitted and ne cessary element of tragic fiction, an agency employed by the greatest poets, and to be vindicated by the plainest principles of their art ; and so popu larly is this understood, that the very statue of the tragic muse is represented with the dagger in one hand, the poison bowl in the other. " But then it is implied, if not openly contended, that, though the pre- senlaliou of crime is allowable on the stage, it is to be condemned in a novel. Much is said about the weak minds of circulating , library readers — ' the young' and ' inpressionable,' &c.; As if there were no weak minds in the pit nnd the gallery of Drury-lane — as if only sages and stoics were to be found in the boxes — as if a dramatic audience were not, upon the whole, a far inore miscellaneous class than that of sub- scribers to a circulating library, com- prehending far lower degrees of instruc tion, and a more general admixture, both of rank and of age — as if too, after all, literature were a kind of me- dicated farina, to he adapted with the daintiest nicety to the digestion of the weakly and diseased — as if any man of education and vigour, no matter whether he writes a novel or a history, must not take it for granted, that he addresses readers of ordinary under standing and healthful comprehension ! Is there, in fact, a book iu the world that could ever have established a fame, if it had not mainly addressed itself to strong heads and clear intellects ? " Much, too, is said of the example of former novelists, who were contented with exhibiting manners, and ridiculing folly — as if all prose fiction were to he narrowed into a single classification, or as if all grave purpose or tragic end were forbidden to the compositions of fiction, because they arc divided into chapters, not compressed into acts ! What is tiie fair source of terror in one composition may he as readily resorted to iu another. What is free to the imagination, if put into five acts, dues not become reprehensible, if employed in three volumes. Each, the narrative or the drama, is hound but by its own peculiar modes of relation or exprossion. And since, whatever our varieties of appeal to the passions, all are traceable to springs in the human iniud, to which all who treat of the passions must apply— the narra tor is not only privileged, but ab solutely constrained to come to the same sources as the writer for the stage. Pause to consider how moral terror in tragic composition is obtained. The more you examine, the more you will find that moral terror is never excited except by images of evil or punishment — by some destroying or dangerous agency. Look a little deeper, and you will find that there arc only two kinds of this agency — the first, supernatural, such as Fate, a ghost, a witch, a fiend, an oracle, &c.;, in which the images from another world arc summoned to exercise evil influence over this ; the second agency is hitman crime. Search, I say, all tragedies, all fictions, and you will find that moral terror is never pro duced, but by some evil or destroying power, and that that power is never to be found, except in the two agencies 1 have named — viz., the supernatural or the criminal. Grant, then, what you cannot deny, that the narrator is in the exercise of his undoubted right, to attempt, if he can, to create the passion of terror, and you arc compelled to grant him the only means by which he can effect his object, viz.,- the supernatural or the criminal. This is so evident a iruiu, mai u wouiu oe unnecessary io say a word further on the subject, if it were not that the public were less familiarized to representations of guilt in the narrative fiction, than they are in the dramatic ; and hence the compara tive unfamiliarity has given a readier reception to shallow criticism of the romance, than common sense and daily custom would permit to be applied to the drama. But this only proves what is undeniable— viz., that the tragic prose romance is of very recent date iu litera ture, and has hitherto been sparingly cultivated. 1 believe that Richardson's 'Clarissa Harlowe' was the first prose fiction, attaining permanent celebrity, that resorted for interest to the elements of tragedy. I need not say, that the plot of that work is founded on the progress and perpetration of a crime equally odious and base, conducted through scenes, abetted by characters, and consuinated by means which the public would probably not permit to a writer iu the present day. ' Yet, of Richardson, our great moralist, could say with truth "that he taught the passions to move at the command of Virtue.' The next tragic fiction tltot won fame from the public, was the ' Julia de Roubigne' of the gentle- hearted Mackenzie. It closes in murder and suicide ; and those who would fly at higher gainc than the living, may find, perhaps, something to say against the dead great author, who holds up as the ideal of chivalrous honour — high, though erring— the jealous assassin, who poisons his wife, and escapes by self- slaughter the penalties and shame of his deed. Yet who, amongst the true judges of literature, would deny to Mackenzie the praise he deserves as a writer of the purest intentions, and the mildest humanity? Not long after this with some trugic purpose, (though I do not include it am nst the fictioni that we recognise as critically tragic,) came the ' Zeluco' of Moore the gloomy portrait of a hero whom no moral sentiment ennobles, no genial impulse ever warm — but justifying the author By his aim to show in the ma- turer life of his hero the errors of early education, and the absorbing debase ment of cultivated egotism. Nor has any man ventured to deny, that Dr. Moore in his writings has deserved the reputation of virtuous purpose which, more than his genius, obtained him the favour of the public. " To these succeeded the truly tragic fiction of Godwin's ' Caleb Williams,' in which, as in ' Julia de Roubigne' a murderer it made the hero, with false honour for his tempter, while his remorse and his terror supply both analysis and incident. Yet whatever may be said of Mr Godwin's speculative opinions, on political and other subjects, all wil admit that his aims were those of a phil osopher, who sought, in his own way, the inculcation of morals. And while his more erroneous expositions of doc- trine have sunk into oblivion, ' Caleb Williams lives yet, and will, perhaps, live while our language lasts, as a monu- ment of genius, on which is graven ad monitions to error. ' Thus it will be perceived, that in 11 the c'a.;c tragic piose ficiiont preceding our own age, criminals have afforded the prominent characters, and crime the essential materiel." As for the moral of ' Lucretia' in par" ticular, the author remarks : " None of my readers will ever, I know, have to resist one temptation to a villainy, a millioneth part so hateful as that described in ' Lucretia' as a mon- strous phenomenon. But in 'the strug gles of life, the minor seductions of evil are often repelled by the lively honor derived from the doom which poet or tale-teller has assigned to concessions to the greater. if this were not so, the gigantic and unfamiliar crimes depicted on the heroic stage, would be but idle exaggerations. Who amongst the audience that listens to ' Macbeth,' will have to wade through blood to a throne, yet who may not have some selfish object his ambition would promote, and be tempted by the meaner ' juggles of the fiend?' In the picture of a crime dwells the warning to an error. Divers and specious are the allurements to at tain the ends coveted by tho intel'ect, through means more or less disapproved by the conscience ; and not unsalutary may be the true lessen to be derived from ' Lucretia,' if the impression it bequeathes, though vague and unanalyzed serve to quicken the instantaneous con- victon, that all which defiles the con science defeats and defrauds the inte- lect." 