SKETCHES BY THE WAY. To the Editors of Bell's Life in Sydney. GENTLEMEN,--It's now four weeks since that I have been away from Sydney, journeying towards Goulburn, like the Goths of old, in search of food more than fame. What a horrid line of road it is ! and what a still more chain-gang- rattling, bone-breaking sort of a machine the vehicle is that you are jammed into ! From the rotary principle upon which the thing goes, it would appear that one wheel had no connection at all with the other ; but that each horse had a wheel a piece, to get over the ground how they could, and as fast as tug and tire held together to help them-wrig- gling and swaggering to and fro, like certain men after that " other glass." Getting to Goulburn, I found--as is always the case with the unfortunate "numbered" not "named" in Madame Fortune's nomenclature-- that the situation I went about was filled up by a "gentleman of the strongest recommendations in Sydney that could be required;" that it was from a leading man of the Jewish people in Syd- ney, and who was nearly related to the celebrated Rabbi in Hamburgh who has prophesied the coming of their Messiah on the 28th of next March ; that all the vast properties now advertised daily by Lyons, under the head of "Equity of Redemption" were to be sold without reserve, the Jews knowing full well that, upon this great event taking place, their disbelief in the doctrine of redemption would fail them in their title to any conveyance they may hold after that date. This gentleman was therefore sent down pur- posely upon that errand-to "buy up" the market, as old Baring bought up at 3d. a piece the American dollar notes, under a similar ap- prehension--of no redemption being likely to take place of the promises to pay in that day. I hate what you call making "traveller's notes"--with your "rivers of type and seas of margin." All your picturesque and romantic book-makers live entirely on the stretch-line of fiction and "fancy bread." To cut the matter short, then, as to the road to Goulburn, it is most horrible--or any cultivated mind that has ever been used to the cultivation-lands from Isis to Windsor. In point of fact, excepting here and there, where the old hands have made something of it, it is nothing but a dreary barren tract of coun- try from one end to the other, fit for nothing but bandycoots and lizards. Here and there (as I said before) are points of exception ; and the Wollombi--where thc water is--is pretty enough. But Goulburn itself, instead of being built on the river, as it ought to be, is laid out on a flat, with a hot burning sun over your head, and a stagnant lagoon to get the water of life from, instead of being on the running stream. A man can make any place amusing wherever he is, if he push about and study his fellow- man. So it is at Goulburn that you find all men busy alike in the one mammon-pursuit after money! and whether it be judge, bishop, M.C., or M.D., money is at the bottom and root of every stir that is made in the town. The gossip of the place is not of the least importance, if one may believe the communica- tions that are daily being sent up to the Sydney press. By the way, I fell in with one of your poor half-starved, automaton-looking ghosts, called a "gentleman of the press," and reporter to the \--------. He really was very talkative in the WE line--came out most extensively in the "universal knowledge of every thing"--would have all the talk to himself, and porter too, till a wag observed, "there was no occasion for his "importing all the lush to himself," as he was getting on rather too much of a re-porter to be agreeable to the company." He flew monstrously in dudgeon at this, and would have been mighty, but that pot-valiancy caused him to "pop" off to sleep, and there I left him. There were plenty of places to be had in the shepherding way of life; large wages too, and what they call full rations, which I found on the road (for I walked part of the way back) to con- sist of coarse sugar, a wretched kind of tea-leaf, scrags of salt mutton, and sugar "as it is." The Lord help me from an Arcadian life to the millionaire of sheep farming!--I'd sooner, a hundred to one, be an off-side bullock driver, and spend all my wages in "cab-driving" about Sydney in the wool season. There's something ideal of "swellism" in having a blackfellow alongside of you in a "Sydney drag," and smoking cigars, or changing pipes with him, like "The Master" when he comes up for a "spree." In the country, very early in the morning, there is nothing so agreeable as the company of the Laughing Jackass. He really is a bird of infinite fun and humour--nothing escapes his eye or his beak. He beats the Sydney ones hol- low, and they seldom miss their mark. The creature seemed to find in me a sort of companion; for he kept flitting on before, or alongside me for a mile or more. Then the mighty Sol, more splendent than agreeable to him, deprived me of what gave me great plea- sure: his original chatter and odd whimsicalities of gyratings and jumpings about. Happy bird! that could be in or out of the sun as he choose! Him that you left, toiling his way through its burning heat, possessed no such freedom. He belonged to that great family of the creation called man--whose whole occupation is taken up from morn to night in hunting one another--if for bread, to work; if for debt, a prison!--The rich, to get more wealth; the poor, less wages, with more work. For the natural result of ex- cess of money is power--power commands the weaker, and there the tyranny of man over man begins. Well may the Jackass laugh at sunrise, when he can leave to intellectual man all the heat and labor of the day to go through, whilst he--happy bird! can retire to some cool tree and take the day as he likes, as the God of Nature has given him. At ------- I fell in with a Catholic priest, one of the best men I had seen for a long time. He was quite the Padre at the inn. Everybody flew out to wait on Father -------. He is a young man, very well educated, of good easy breeding, and just the sort of man to go over a scattered country 20 or 30 miles a day to do "his bid- ding," make converts, and keep up the "Rint." A more agreeable man could not be; and but for the cut of the collar of his coat--the go-along knee-boots--and "moderation in all things"-- you would have taken him for Cœlebs in search of a wife. I was very sorry to part with him. His information was good and various; his knowledge of the world, as it is, complete; and without having any of the starch and sombre of the Jesuit. He was, nevertheless, quite enough of the priest to convince you that he was in ear- nest, and not likely to stand much quizzing, if he should happen any where to fall into that sort of company. His horse was well worth 40 gs. these times, and his saddle 6. The next I fell in with was one of those un- fortunate every-day men--"Sir, I have been most rascally used in a law-suit, which has just gone against me upon a motion for a new trial " \--and which is so good a thing, that I must re- serve it for my next, till when, au revoir! Yours JOHN SMITH.--No place yet ! ! 