A PASTORAL LETTER, ADDrESSED TO THE FAITHFUL OF THE I?TYESTERN DISTRICr, BY W. B. ULLArHORNE, D.r,' O.5l.n., BISHOP OF IIETALONA, AND VICAR APOSTOLIC OF THE WESTERN DISTRICT. William Bernard, O.S.B., by the Grace of God and the favour of the A pos tolic See, Bishop of Hetalona, and Vicar-Apostolic of the Western Dis trict, to our dearly-beloved Brethren and Children in Christ, the Clergy secular and regular, and the Faithhli of the Western District. Health and Benediction in the Lord. Emerging from the beginnings of our Episcopal solicitude, at length we feel our selves in sufficient freedom to enable us to open to you, dearly beloved brethren and children, some of those emotions with whisch our heart is animated over our beloved flock, and to intimate to you a part of those designs which it has pleased our H eavenly Father to give to us, for your salvation by the grace of his Holy spirit, in the love of our Lord Jesus Christ, the plentiful Saviour of our souls. The Western District of England, the portion of the Universal Church which it has pleased the Sovereign. Pontiff, ii' the will of Christ, to comniit to our care, however unworthy we confess ourselves to be, we, beloved brethren, have attentively observed and most carefully considered. And, alas, we find our beloved district to be in much desolation-and distress of heart. The land indeed is full of people, but the faithful children of the Church are in number like the cars of corn that are seen apou the ground alter the fulness of the arvest has been gathcred in. ler zealous Priests are few in number, her temples rare, and inadequate and poor, whilst not a few even of the 'Faithful are left without Church or Sacrifice, without pastor or food for their ouls. 'l he little ones cry for bread,.aud there is none to break it unto them. t;hey lie famished at the head of the ways, a prey to every wandering spirit that seeks posses sion of their souls. The multitudes~ who, baptised the children of.the Church, though by alien hands,- feel the native yearning they comprehend not. for her matnal i embraces, have few to bring them unto her bosom. . . When our waily wdrk is over, we pray and lament in the night over our beloved district, whose faithful ones'are so few and scattered--we sigh for the multitudes who cover the land, who have wandered so far from the Cross upon which Christ died for the love of their souls'htb whom we long through all His love'and sufferings to bring the dear-bought gifts of faithed peace. Wonder not,. beloved brethren;~ iiib our soul is: opened eand our heart enlarged towards you, you find in us the man of sorrow whose eyelids rest not from grief. How,, an we mingle in pleasures or our heatit,know rest, whilst the souls of our, children; are perishing in multitudes, and' every daiy brings a new train of them in naked wretchedness before the Throne of God? Pray, beloved brethren, and pray without ceasing, for all who sin and for all who err; that our Heavenly Father may look down with mercy and grace upon our unhappy countrymdn and upon ourselves. The population- of our districts we find to be not less than two and a quarter mil lions of souls. The Faithful of the Church who are actually provided with pastors and altars, it appears from the records of our yenerated predecessor, whose soul be in God's light, amount to not more than 16,000, of whom not more than 5,450 are communicants. We are far from being unaware, beloved brethren, that these comprise not the whole of our people. There are thousands who, even brought up in the Faith, yet know not their pastors, and are strangers to the altar of Goiid In such localities as Bristol, Plymouth, and other places which might be named, the aids of religion are most inade quate to the wants of the people, and to the wide spread of population. The poor labouring people, who suffer in toil and want, and have not the aids and charities of religion to lighten and make holy their tria's and their cross, and into whose suf ferings no hope beams content and resigna tion-over these our heart yearns, dearly beloved, poor distressed sufferers of Christ, yet left a ithout Christ. For "hath not God chosen the poor in this world, rich in faith," to be the heirs and possessors of His Kingdom ? And shall such as these perish ; alas, and many of them, too, through our neglect? \as not,, the mission of our Divine.. Lord- fliiseTf to the poor ? Did tie not lay the foundations of his Chucrc in the poor? Does he not require us to consider him as putting forth his own claims to us in the person of the poor ? Entering upon his heavenly ministry, he said, " the Spirit of the Lord is upon me, wherefore He hath anointed me, to preach the Gospel to the poor He hath sent me." And to the disciples of John, who asked a sign of his being the I:edeemer ofthe world, our Divine Malster said, " tell unto John the things you have seen-the poor have the Gospel preached unto them." Let none then, dearly beloved, be offended, if, whilst we love and seek with our whole heart the salvation of all the brethren, we account ourselves, with the illustrious St. Ambrose, to be in an esoecial manner the Bishop and shepherd of the poor; and if, with St. Gregory Nazianzen, we stretch.out their needy hands to you, in certain confidence that they are the treasury of Christ, who with abundant interest will repay whatever we deposit in them with the generous spirit of love and charity-Christ himself saying, that " whatever you have done to these, you have done to me." SFor the saving of your souls, and for the love of Christ, then, we pray you, beloved brethren, to give abundant alms for the sal vation of the poor. And whilst we thus pray you to stipply the wants of our ministry, we cannot over look the claims of those institutions .which are so efficaciously forwarding the progress of this great and Catholic work. I refer to the Catholic institute, whose value, as an instrument of Divine Providence for the education' of the poor, whilst under its pre-, sent management, all miust appreciate ; and which we most anxiously commend to your zeal and.generosity. 4 It would be a conso lation to uis to see a branch of the Institute id eoery congregatiin of the district. Nor can vwe pass over unnDtice4dthat other insti tution, from which our district has derived advantages ih the missions of- Cornwall; we mcan the Society for the Propagation of the Faith-a society which, though es tablishled in another country, extends its succours even unto us Wrhose praises are known and whose fruits are manifest.to the entire Church of God. The plan for raising contributions to meet the general wants of the 1istricl, which was established by our venerated predecessor, we now propose; 'with some modaifications, to cariy out in the foll?wviig manner: The penny collections we wish to see continued as heretobfore, and we hope that no one will neglect to encourage this effec tual yet easy mode of contributing. The very multitude of small sacrifices thus made, and persevered in, with pure motive, gives an especial value to the whole; it is like the litfe of the faithful Christian, which con sists not in one or two great acts, but in the patience and continued perseverance in doing good implied hi theconstant perbformance ot nmanny little ones, the whole sum of which forms the claim, by Divine grace, to the revward of eternal life. We shall in an es pecial manner pray for the blessings of God upoii those who, witkh the approval of their pastors, become the collectors of this pre cious fund. We propose, secondly, that a general collection be made in each church or chapel on two Sundays inh:tlieyear; at each Mass, for the same fund,.-the whole to be called the Western District Fund, and to be ap plied to meet the most pressing w'ants of the District. -We propose, therefore, to address to you .two Pastorals in each year-the one in Ad :ient, the other about the time of Easter, in which, having explained the wants and re corded the progress of the District, we shall make our? appe lin?ta?behalf, and to this weiali -"taeli n acciutnt of the appro priationaof the collectioi for the previous period. `We direct that the collection be always made on the Sunday following the publication of each Pastoral, and we request our beloved clergy that at their earliest convenience, after eaeh,.half-yehrly collec tion, the sum total of collections be trai's mitted to our secretary, Mr. Edgar Edm. Fstcourt, at our own residence. All donations for special purpioses will be faithfully applied as specified, and will only be introduced with the name of the donor into the report of the general fund, when expressly desired. Inasmuch as our wants are most pressing, and in consideration of there not having been any coliections made during the course of the present year, we propose that the first collection be made on the Sunday fol lowing the reading of this Pastoral, as an earnest of the zeal of the Faithful in this good and holy and most necessary work; and that there be a second nmade for this year after the receipt of our'Pastoral in the ensuing Advent. 'T hat there may be no possible mistake, as to the actual wants of the District of a pecuniary kind, we mention it at once aid without hesitation, that our sole available resources of all kinds, independent of peri odical subscriptions, whether f6r our own personal maintenance, "'0 for the general purposes of the Distriet, is a rerital of £24 per annum. \\\ e announce to you, :beloved brethren, that after mature deliberation, we have, for various and urgent reasons, fixed our resi dence in the City of Bristol. First, because it becomes us to keep in view the importance of 'ultimately fixing the chair of our authority in the most popu lous city of our 'district, accorzding to the ancient and constant practide ofthe Church. Secondly, that we may be the more basily accessible to all our beloved brethren and" children Ti Chlirist, whose servant we- are, that seek our counsel and direction. Third ly, because we are desirous of forming un der our own observation, and in a field where their labours may' most abound, those various institutions for the service of religion, of education, and of the poor, which may afterwards be diffused thence throughout the District, whenever their ser vices may be required. Lastly, that we may in a more especial manner devote our personal labours to the work of the Mission where the need is greatest, and from a con aciousness, the fruit of our experience, that it is only by concentrating efforts upon par ticular localities that we - can ultimately hope, by Divine aid, to second with per manent effect, the efforts of our beloved clergy in raising up the spirit of faith, of zeal, and of charity, throughout the length anti breadth of our pastoral care. We have the gratification of announcing to you that a community of the -'isters of Mercy has been recently established in. Bristol, in'a large and commodious house. And that the Sisters of Penance of Saint Dominic, whose 'labours embrace the whole works of niercy, corporal and spiritual, are about to be established in another portion of this extensive city, although 'funds are wanting to bring these great works to their full efficiency. At Penryn;. near Falmouth, through the zeal of the clergy of that lo-. cality, a community of'the Sisters of Notre Dame has been introduced frbm Belgium with two establishments, -the' one for the education of the poor, theotheras a pension for the: more wealthy class; the'establish ment for the poor already educates, and in structs in various branches of trade, up wards of eighty poor girls. A church is 'much needed in this locality, as also at Falmouth, where the presentchapel is much too small ' Also, to the pious liberality ot a-lay benefactor, the district is indebted for the foutidation of a commtinity of the Con gregation of Passionists in the populous vale ofS troud,whose constant prdyers and zealous preaching are already producing their fruits. We liave had'the consolation of opening for Divine Service two churches, which were commenced under our predecessor the one at Bridport, whichli owes its exist ence to the Rev. J. Ryan, the Pastor of Chidiock, and a few of the devout laity; the other at Bodmin, in' Coinwall, the second which that county owes to tlihe zealous and. disinterested exertions'through .mhny trials of the Rev. W. Young. W'e canniot omit this opportunity of commending' in an espe cial mannei to the charity of the Faithful the missidns of Cornwall, which though yet in their infancy, yield such fruits and pro mises of fruit to the zealous labours of that small band of devoted priests, 'whose'efforts' for the propagation of the Faith are deserv ing of all co-operation. Can we pass over, dearly beloved, with out notice, those religious confraternities in honour of the Blessed Mother of our Lord, which, established by our predecessor in each congregation, have been so fruitful of piety and edification ? 'T'hese devotions to our Blessed Lady are most dear to our. heart, as being very pleasing unto God. For whatever exalts the Blessed Mary, ex alts still more the mercies of God, the great ness of her Divine Son;' and the profound mysteries of heavenly grace. Is not the spirit of devotion nidre deeply rooted in the soul--does not our faith improve in sim plicity---does not our love grow niore full in its tenderness--does not the Holjl Spirit come to our soul witli a more penetrating. unction, when by. the exercise of these de-. votions we are brought into a more intimate and1 a more familiar' communion;'with that Blessed One, the M'other of our Lord, in whom: these gifts dwelt the most pre-emi "It ?s the dying .act of our venerated Ipredecessor, to place this district under.the especialipatronage of the Blessed Virgin, and this hct of piety we ourselves renew in full confidence of obtaining many blessings through her intercession with her Son. Nor can we forget the patronage of the holy apostles St. Peter and St. Paul, to whom another of our predecessors, the Rt. Rev. Dr. Bieine, was.' particularly devoted; or , St. Aldhelm, the first Bishop of nearly. the whole of what at -present constitutes. the Western District, whose life showed forth untiring zeal for the termination of schism, and such devotedness to the uninstructed poor. In conclusion, dearly beloved, if we have asked of youi temporal means to aid 'the advancement of religion, still more do we entreat your ,prayers to the throne of Di vine Mercy. - For without the grace of God and his Providence' all other helps are vain. '"Unless the Lord build the house, in vain do they labour who build it." And -whilst you neglect not those fervent prayers and duties which may secure your own sanctification, and bring you near unto God, so pray most earnestly and untiringly for the conversion of our brethren and country men, who have not the consolation- of the faith, that we may meet together in the unity of peace. This charity, and the set Sting apart of time and exercises for this end, cannot fail to be productive of many fruits of grace both to those for whom we ,pray, and to our own souls. Pray, a.so, -beloved brethren, for the Vicar of-Christ on earth, that God may guide, support, and piotect himn nnd fill' him With a!l wisdom for the ruling lot' the':Church, and also for the exaltation and extension of the univer sal Churchi lierself, which is the kingdom of ChriiSt on earith. This, dearly beloved, is oiur oiri especial prayer, day and night, that.ho;.would pour. on our beloved district his spirit; and in i-ease.. the frti ,of our justie'; that "he odiild pour on it increase of faith dad love ; that he would multiply its priests, and en dow them with all discipline ; that he would sanctify with holiness and perfection its re ligious communiities for the` blessing of the land; that he would endow its colleges with that learning which the Holy Ghost teaches; that he would give to its laity to be of one heart and soul in Jesus Christ; and that he would increase their numbers, that we may all work together in the unity of the body of the Church, and in the order of beautiful peace. For this, dearly beloved, do you also pray our Heavenly Father, by the grace of the Holy Ghost, through the love of his only and' Adorable Son, our Lord and Savour Jesus Christ. The grace of God be with you all, brethren, Amen. \+ WILLIAM BERNARD, Bishop, of Hetalonia, and Vicar Apostolic of the Western District. Given at Bristol this 19th day of Octo ber, being the Feast of St. Paulinius, in the year of our Lord 1846. 