KAKL GRI'.Y'S " VERY STRONG OBJECTIONS." (From the Krnxi:v Hr.n.M.o.) CcrlSiftle, wlt-n lire tjltem ol lmn«porE«bori 10 New Soub Wk!-i it put .n m l to. tli- co'ony will Ik rntithnl 10 « i|xet thtt ttrry facility will be fafforUel ibt m of rrerumiu from oilirr »uurce«. fji.-if J, An limit li', A/> etch iu t'.r Hon it tf Cemnwnt, May S, iu40. By a coincidence purely accidental, our paper of Saturday, in which the above ministerial avowal was insisted upon as binding upon Her Majesty's present government, contained also a piece of information recently received at Mel bourne from Mr Delegate CuxixtiittsiE ; namely, thai in his communications with the authorities of Downing-street, he had found " that the government appeared to have very strong objections to guarantee any loan for the further ance of immigration." Now, we apprehend there needed no Delegate to tell us this. Government always have had, have now, and pro bably will have to the end of the chap ter, strong objections, very strong objec tions, to assist colonies either with money or. with guarantees for money. No doubt they had very strong objec tions to guarantee the loan to Canada, having previously stink a million of hard cash iu the llideau Canal ; very strong objections to guarantee half a million for emigration to Demerara ; very strong objections to pay off the debts of South Australia, to advance £100,000 to the New Zealand Com pany, and to grant an annual sum for the expenses of the New Zealand go vernment. All this is very natural. But, 'it is equally natural for self-love to yield at length to well directed op portunities. Like a ghost, govei niiient will not speak till spoken to — at least in the way of promise. It was to the importunity of Canada, though urged with the sword of rebellion, that the home government, despite their very strong objections, iu the end gave way, conceding nearly all that Canada hail asked. And to the importunities of friends at head quarters were South Australia and New Zealand indebted for their ultimate triumph over these same formidable objections. And is New South Wales to be either so fana tical as to expect to overcome them without efforts equally. energetic and persevering, or so cravcn-liearted as to retire from the contest in despair ? No — let us " be just and fear not'' — j u .-. t to ourselves, and the very strong objec tions of D.iwning-strcei will yield by capitulation. Lord John Rl'ssixl nnd Karl Grey should be reminded that upon them, as regards supplies of labor, I lie colony has very special claims. Under the Govern ment of which they were members until 1811, were adopted the two great mea sures bv which these supplies became seriously interfered with — the discon tinuance of transportation, and the raising of the price of land. This last measure, though not embodied iu an i Art of l'arliamont until the year after thev went out, is still chargeable to I them, because they were its actual ori ginators and framer.s. Lord St\\\u:y merely taking it up as be found it. Each of these measures was an act of excision. Though adopted with widely different views, the one being intended to put a slop to a tlagrnnt evil, ond the other to encourage a positive good, they yet equally served to cut off our sup plies of labor. In the passage prefixed liy way of a motto to this article, Lord John Uissiu. acknowledged that the determination then just coinc to by himself nnd his colleagues to put an immediate cud to trausportatou, would entitle us to expect that every facility would he afforded us of recruiting from other sources. By other sources his Lordship meant, of course, free emi gration from the United Kingdom ; and the Waste Lands Hill bequeathed by him to his successor was designed to make this source adequate to our wants, liy fixing a high minimum price upon our waste land-, il was thought there would be conferred upon the colony the twofold benefit of an allluent laud re venue. ami a check upon the purchase of land by the laboring classes; and by guaranteeing, 101 the faith of an Art of Parliament, the permanent appropriation ! of at least a moiety of thai revenue to the introduction of emigrants from the | parent country, is was ant icipatrd that 1 the colony would lie abundantly sup- | plied with people for carrying on its I various occupations, while that abun dance would again induce capitalists to emigrate, whose investments would keep up the Land Fund, and advance the general prosperity. Lord John and Karl Grey ought to lie told by the Legislative Council, again nnd again, that all ibis beautiful theory has proved to be but the baseless fabric of a dream. The high price has made land unsaleable ; the uusaleablcness of land has destroyed the Land Fund f the destruction of the Land Fund has put a stop to immigration ; the stoppage of immigration lias not only impeded the progress of the colony, but has operated so b.mrfully upon the uiinds of sonic of our employers of labour, nnd even upon a section of our representa tives in the legislature, as to have induced them to desire, and even to ask, the restoration of the convict slave- trade ! We conceive, therefore, that these Ministers are bound by peculiar obliga tions to afford to New South Wales ''every facility of recruiting" from immigration ; and we think no British colony ever possessed arguments so clear, cogent, and irrcsistablc, as may be employed by us in appealing- to the justice of the .Supreme Government. Nor. let us I'orgel our claims on llic national exchequer fur a million spent in police nnd gaol establishments. Now, if we do not ply these argu ments vigorously, how can we expect Ministers to get over their " very strong objections" to do llial in 1S17 which is rendered necessary by their own doings in 18-10 ? The stronger the objections, the more resolutely ought they to be assailed. We would say, then, to the Council, as the Great Captain said to the Guards at Waterloo, " Up, and at tlicm 1 — i. HI. Herald. Not literally, but enough to render it power a an instrument of immigration on a large, steady, and permanent scale. 