ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS WHIST. - G P : There was time to recall the revoke before the trick was turned and quitted-S A : You cannot revoke and win the game in the same hand. Our valued correspondent, INDEX, will per- ceive that we have much curtailed his ta- lented communication. He will, on reflection, doubtless agree with us, that our unprovoked interference with the party alluded to, by the publication of the entire of his letter, would be injudicious. Any article on the same subject applicable generally, not indi- vidually, would be esteemed. CRIBBAGE.-Three sevens and two aces score twenty--- Three fives and a queen, count 14—L S and T: All tenth cards —L L: 7, 6, 5, 6: the latter card no sequence—A D: Two for 31 — J W: t You may score your three as non- dealer after you have scored, but it is better to score them at once. LOO.-The rule is, if you cannot follow suit you must head the trick with a trump, if you have one, regardless of your dividing your trumps - R H: Only one loo ; his cards were dead, and he was merely play- ing for form. VINGT-ET-UN - The player ought to have declared his intention to draw on each be- fore receiving a third card. RING. - Jem Ward fought fourteen battles, of which he lost two. Tom Spring was born Feb. 22, 1795 — C K.: Dutch Sam and Noseworthy fought December 8, 1814. Scroggins and Noseworthy June 6., 1815. M S R : Fauntleroy was executed Nov. 30, 1824; Hunton Dec. 8, 1828 P.P: Bets are not recoverable by law, even after "promise to pay." TURF.- Steeple chasing is more dangerous than fox hunting. WILTS.-St. Pauls 340 feet; Salisbury Cathedral 400 feet. M L C: Sir Robert Peel exceeds five feet ten inches In height. He it not of stooping figure, but quite erect. L L D.: Simpson's edition of "Euclid" is the one in general use. "Keith's and Hut- ton's Arithmetic" are both good works. PIEMAN'S GHOST: Capt. Barclay finished walking his match of 1,000 miles July 10, 1839. N: Young Ireland presents his compliments and requests that the Editors of Bell's Life will inform the public the services ren- dered to the colony by Sir M. O'C before paying their subscription, as it is a new method of collecting the Rint. Perhaps your friend Punch will give you the re- quired information, or the Fat Boy of the Herald.- Conciliation Hall, Nov. 8, 1847. [Perhaps some reader will solve our corre- spondent's query during the week.-EDS] Questions not answered in this publica- tion will be attended to in our next. 