GERALDINE. A TALE. OF CONSCIENCE. VOL. .11. -CHAP. d$. ZDuaaNo a walk, on the following morning, to iwatch the-village skaters on the sheet of water on Sedge-ý moor commaon, the, party from-the. Priory fell into .several unprecedented tete-a-tetes. Amongst .these sere, Lady Hungerford with Mr. Everard, 'Lord 'Hervey withI Miss. Graham, the young German bjron with. Lady Winefridr, and-GAeraldine with-, Major Tankervalle!-the.Scotney and Torrington :couples keeping together, and indulging in their! usual comments and conjectures.respecting the ma .trinlonial sand theological intentions of thg rest. That these several ..conferences were the result of1 some preconcerted plan, appeared evident to each of those who were thus sought, and to none more than' I r. Everard, who,, though frequently consulted by Lady HIungerford, had never before been invited so' .decidedly to-walk with her out oflistening distance; ano his, acuteness instantly detected in the formal manner of her opening attack upon him, that shes ,had learned -it by-heart, either from her son, orl frqm Major' ankerville. This persuasion induced, Waim, to remain perfectly silent, that her ladyship might, not, be -lurried out of any part of the' .charges she-had againet him, which, in fact, made up a pretty long list; but to which, after a decent -pause, to be assured that he, had heard the last, the 'old gentleman only replied by his usual " Well!" " Well! Mr. Everard," said her ladyship, much encouraged by the correctness with which she had remembered all his delinquencies, and the patience with which he had heard them,-" WVell, Sir II can -only repeat my surprise that you, who have hitherto proved such a friend both to General Carrington'sy £intly and to our's, should now have been so instru mental in bringing such an affliction upon both , .houses, as the loss of thisadear girl." -" My good lady," replied Mr. Everard. " youn syight just as reasonatly upbraid an oculist because he has removed a film-from the eyes of one, who, 'fdr family reasons, had better have been kept blind ! Not that I can take any credit to mysel for having cleared Miss Carrington's via on, Had -1 been unwilling, she would have found some other :16 da her bidding." Nay," replied Lady Hungerford, " if you shad rtsolved that Miss Carrington should believe all ,this Roman Catholic-faith, it would have been far -better that you should have remained her only in etructor, than to have engaged this handsome and talented young Catholic as your aid-de-camp." " Lady Hungerford," returned Mr. Everard, remember, that it was in your own house, two years ago, that Geraldine Carrington first met Eustace 'de Grey. Some -renewal of acquaintancq was, I believe, made during the following season in London and once only since then, and that by .chance, at the abbey ruin near Elverton." S'"Ah-!" Mr. Everard," sighed her ladyahip, ." indeed you have not considered the danger of working. uponthie romantic and poetical turn of our dear young friend, by these scenes and associations " And sb my, lady." said the did gentleman, c stopping'abruptly, and dropping his armsni "you suppose Miss Carrington fool' enough, to believe in selvi sacrariments; and Tratisubstantiatioh, because I iuaveputsomerainted glass into an arched window !" .,Lauy - Hungerford not having received -any -directions what tod.ay 'in reply to any defence from Mt. Everard, his sallies in general defying calcu Jatlors, now looked a litilt' at' he skaiters, and then at Geraldine, and . Major 'Tankerville, who were deeply 4ngaged, as it appeared, In combating each other's opinions. She felt- some hopes '-from the see-saw mnotio- .of the Major's arm, which she thought betokened argumentor.eloquence, and again leaned oh-Mr. Everard, to join the rest of the party. Miss G abtah and Lord Herveythaving apparently finished their appointed task, were now standing en the ice close to the group of skaters, till the fears and ret clonstrances of Iapdy f ungerford engaged them to -rhiia to safer footing. A graceful figure-dance then began between four of the village youths, from which Major Tankerville turning, as from au tingodly sight, Geraldine found herself at length standing in peace, to enjoy one of the few rural amusements left to England, no longer * merry, England,' sectarian gloom having spread over its` village greens, and round its blazing hearths, stopping the dance, the song, the festive games, of Mlden times. It was on the opposite side of the water that Geraldine and Major Tankerville 1usd' parted, and after some time watching the evolutions' of the skaiters, her attention was drawn to the. position in which she stood with respect to the rest off the party; a relative position, which was in perfect keeping with her approaching declaration of the' faith she inwardly cherished. Between herself, and her still kind, though anxious friends, lay deep waters, only to be passed by means of a brittle+ surface, which seemed to her no inapt representation of the forbearance and charity of the controversia orad towards a convert to the ancient Church. She1 nom looked earnestly at the group, from which she' had thus accidently been separated, and liar heart sank, as shte rapidly threw a prospective glance on her intercourse, as a convert to Catholicity, with these her protesting friends. So deeply were her thoughts engaged on this difficult subject, that she perceived not that the rustic feats were over, nor observed the various signs made to her by her own party, not to cross the ice, which they feared she Z might attempt, but to join them at the head of the e water; and it was not until the returning footsteps I of Major Tankerville on the frosty ground caught her ear, that she remembered his existence, and with it the probability that His dull ignorance was to be a " second time inflicted upon her. To escape was now s her sole aim, and, hastily taking the path which led tosthe rest of the party, site was soon within greeting s distance of Miss Graham, who was advancing to e ineet her, accompanied by Lord Hervey. The latter. whose spirits seemed revived, gave an arm to each e lady, and the whole party turned towards the Priory. " Did you ever converse with Major Tankerville before," inquired Lord Hervey of Geraldine, anxious to discover what effect the exhortations of his friend. d had produced on her mind. g Never," she replied; "'nor can I say that Major Tankerville has * conversed' to-day. I dot re not think that term could apply to his communica n ttions with any one.,, " Why not, Miss Carrington P Give me your it definition of Tankervilhles speech, or talk, or what Iam to call it.", I t d have heard," contintied Geraldine, " of some g orators in Parliament, who can. make a grand open 1, Jing speech, but who can never reply. This is tire it case with Major Tankerville. He cannot reply, anil therefore he . cannot converse. He starts well *e because he repeats so much of the sacred Word of God : but when, in your turn, you object that such and such texts cannot be applied where he would t apply them, because of such and such reasons, hef cannot combat those reasons. I often wondered,l 'during our walk, that he could. not bring forward something in answer to my objections. I almost longed to help him. Bi only resource was to repeat these misapplied texts in a louder tone, which, I told him, left the point in debate exactly where is -I was before; and I believe,.that never was man in \- greater rage with woman, than Major Tankerville o with me." e "-Oh f he is only zealous," pleaded Lord Hervey ; 1 L" you must pardon him." And may I ask what were the particular points on which he dwelt ?" " Why, that is exactly what I wished your good a friend to confine himself to," replied Geraldine; r,, and I find it more difficult 'to remember what each one said, than I have found it to recollect whole' "evenings of discourse with my uncle. Dr. Sinclair.` But I will do my best, and endeavour to render our -Z conversation as methodical and consecutive as it was tin reality the reverse. To begin then:-The Major's first charge against the Catholics was, that they, preferred the human authority'of the Fathers to the I divine authority of the Bible, Then followed al Itorrent of invective. As goon as I was permitted to AEreply, I said, that I was quite accustomed to heari rtfat charge, and that pothing could be more false.' 'That I supposed it to, originate from discovering r how little the ancient theological writers agreed with" the modern Protestants, that the latter, being forced !'to resign them, accused the Catholics of being guided tby them, rather than by the Bible ; but that the' question was really this: the Bible stands unrivalled: and alone ; but which body of men are to bed .trusted for its explanation. the ancient, on Etine modern, Christians P those who had listened . to the Apostles and their immediate succes fsors, or those who in these days taught in direct opposition to them P d did not attempt to 'argue with Major Tankerville, as I should have Idone had he found it convenient to remember the authority given by Christ to His Church, to decide ~in matters of faith ; for .1 believe he shuts his eyes,' ~or calls it a misprint, whenever he comes to any, strong text of that nature. .1 made battle witlh him f entirely on his owri grotirid, tind it was thsat which at last mad~e hlim so angry. In reply to htis atccrtion~ that the Bible seas to be our sole guide, for that ithe spirit accompanied the sincere reader, .1 told htim~ thsat my private study of thre Bible had deternened~ me to be a Catltolic.! He spoke agalust human at-~ thsor-ity, anil 1 agreed with him, and objected to nny~ one's presuming to interfere between God and my soul, and inquired how it seas that lie couhil venture. to speak to me, wlren I had a Bible P Its fact, I: claimed every privilege, equally with himself, of' choosing or tejectmng exactly what appeared to my~ own judgm~ent wise and good. I said that, if I found more weisdons in the 'early councils than in thse' modern religioius societies, I had every righst to my preferetice; that, if the Fathers of the earle Churdsh 4wero hut men, sshat tlhet were thseir successors ~Whart were the Fathers of tlse English Church antI ~thosc of the Kirk of Scotland-Clhe framers of the jThirty nitse Articles or of the Assembly's Catechism P 11ajor Tasnkervilte did nut attempt to defentl these ~ ?authiirstie; - le considered themito ' be only *par-M ital'yensliglh'ened ;' therefore Iproceeded to hisomsn -a particular set of ltighly-illttmlnsted Cisristians - tie~ hclaircssan ansI committees of Cthe Bible Society, Tract5 Society, Reformation Society, &e;,, and inquired upon e suhat grounsds 1 was to yield my private judgment to them P Were they inure tlsan uninjspirwh nienP Juist assusredly and avowedly not. Then, why were these men to interpret. and dictate, and dogmatiac' to me, c Bible retder, when they own, nay even boast, that the Holy Ghost has nto* ovierruled their decisions P Here Major Tankervillecaught a vicew d of the village skaiters, and nut having an atisser to give, Ire theI from' them, and' from me ; and now, Lord Hervey, that I have pttentled the Reformation I, Meeting, to Islease your mother, and have taken a twalk wvitlh Major Tankerville, to please yourself, ih - trust that no moralis expected of me I, I SOh, do not say thls,'! -replied Lord Hervey, ear- ti nestly. " You have a prepossession against poor tI Tankerville, and tlierefore nothiing comes accepltable a conference with some other pious Chrlatiae frienti,' as 'come faithful gospel ninister-for instance, Mr. u xShadowslhake. . " Mr. Shadowshake !" cried Geraldine, laughing. at " Now confess that good purblind Mr. Shadow "y, 'shake's testimony amounted to this-that in the ts Roman Catholic Church, there have been, and still s, are, ambitious prelates, artful Jesuits, and immoral af confessors-what advantage could accrue from my to listening to endless anccdotes, true or false on these idtopics P I do not leave the Church of England s. because of her former race of hunting, drinking,. te swearing parsons! Neither do I conceive it would of- have been the duty of a pious and enlightened et Israelite, during the latter years of Eli, to have re je 'nounced the faith of his forefathers, because a id Hophni and Phtneas, by their disgusting rapacity p and licentiousness, drew a glaring scandal on the le temple of their God, to so great a degree. that it in was said, * Men abhorred the offering of the Lord 11 This mistaken conduct of 'renouncing the dogmas ae of a Church, on account of the mal-practices of its ae members, is exactly that for which I blame Luther rt and the rest of the Reformers. Had God intended an that moral rectitude should be invariably bound up th in'the priestly office, to what purpose is the following or text, from the divine lips of Christ himself-t'The ae Scribes and Pharisees sit in Moses' seat. All, ir therefore, whatsoever they bid you observe, that ob 'n serve and do: but do not you after their works, ie for they say and do not." e " I do not remember that test," said Lord s Hervey. 'I can quite believe tihat you do not," replied h Geraldine; " for I haie been perfectly astonished at a lie way in which' a 'a' Protestant, and piquing w myself on mty knowvledge'and impartiality. I have ,d welt on soere texts, to the total exl'usiots of others, g nd this must be in . fact the secret of all sectarian. to ism. With respect to the stumbling block, so often r. cast in the way of the weak believer, by the infir I mities of those placed over him in high and sacred F. office, we might reflect that amongst the twelve le chosen Apostles, those who were the most favoured is and distinguished, were thgse who the most trans ,d. greased. One doubted, another denied, a third betrayed his Lord, and. two more gave way to a it spirit of resentment and revenge, while all strove to who should be the greatest !!' "1I never considered the subject in thsa light be fore," said Lord Hervey. it " Take care, my Lord," whispered Katherine, i that Miss Carrington does not convert you, while you are endeavouring to do the same kInd.office by as tser !" . a This was said in a playful tone, but it was a ie warning truly, meant-Miss .Graham's discrimina d' tion having led her to perceive, that Geraldine was ii more than a match for her noble admirer in power t, of mind, grasp of thought, and stock of informa if tion. That Geraldine appeared not to have fully Is discovered lier advantages, was to be accounted for a solely by that dimness of vision which a growing 1C affection ever produces; and Miss Graham trembled 1, lest Lord Hervey's conversion to the faith of his d lady love, should be the result of these repeated con at versations. Why this kind hearted and devoted o friend should have dreaded a turn in Geraldine's , affairs, which would have smoothed all diDiculties, "a would also appear, most strange; but all was toa be n accounted for by that terror and aversion to the Ro. le man Catholic -Church, which seemed inaccessible to argument or feeling. She now,rejoiced that the walk was ended, and that Lord Hervey, instead of at ntering the house with them, turned hasc to join his friend, Major Tankerville, and pace with himI d up and down one of the sheltered walks in the . shrubbery. " Come I my dear Kate," cried Geraldine, play a fully, when the friends were again alone in the privacy of their rooms, '! it is now your. turn to re r port the subject of your tete-a- tete.this morning. Pray, what did you say to your zealous friend, and what did he say to you P" " I indulged in much fewer impertinences thana. 0 by your own account, you appear to have indulged rt in to poor Major Tankerville. I fear that you will o make that man your enemy "," r?' And I fear you will make Lord Hervey too much your friend," returned, Geraldine. 't I am- rather jealous of your private consultations together." I am glad' to hear this," said Katherine, smiling; 1 "but the feeling. ismsvasted-.-all our.talk was of c "And what of meP; The old story of popish I bewitchments P" "Yes ! Lord Hervey is very sisxioas that you should have an interview witla some pious, and ta lented Evangelical minister, who could bring you b ack to the pure faith you are deserting. Some one who has experience in controversy, and could expose the fallacy of those opinions -you now adopt." " And did you tell him," said Geraldine, " that I have listened to High Church, Low Church, No Church ! till I can hear nothing that is not only threadbare, but torn to rags I"' Lord Harvey is no more astisfied than myself," Sreplied -Katherine, " with the views of those who *have hitherto been your instruclors, and I len your opposers in controversy. You might as well hiave listened to the Pope himself against popery, as have ~'taken that inflated High Church WVarden for tlse guardian of your protestantism ! **Still you allow, TKatherine, that 'ny uncle iu o perfect specimen of the old-fashioned HIigh Church of Englaaad, anal that in him, anal from him, I have 'seen and 'Ieard enougls to salisfy ma respectiing that party amongst Protestants P" "Yes, I allow so far." said Miss Graham. " At the outset of your battle with him, you coiled your self ' the little David, with but sling anti stone.' I tilDUghtOf this afterwards, iv len, hy merely lausiling Isis own principles to their exlent; you v~anquislud him, anal, to carry on the metaphor, Guliaai fell Sunder the weight of his heavy armour, anad was beheaded lay his own swordl." SSo much for High Church defeat, or suicide,,*' cried Geraldine 'a anal vill you ncot aihoiw that 1' hanve hail specimen suhlielent in the lost Church '~arch ea, aana counter- moarcltas, said ratttinics, tat see eatt-t the 'haurcih rialitant naust haive a general. with ubriaeoflieers, to*fight the good fag Itt' with; ny scces P ustconcive ina gre-at laitcela ~'attle iaitt, formidable atlarsrides, that :' ah oldaer abided by' his os-n private tactics, pursuing tihem ~ever. tlrouagi thic bodies of his eqatally perverse cotapanions in arnas I what but carnaige nain di grace could be the issue of this privolo judgment P~ Anad yet this is exastly the view to be now taken ithe Lots Church paarty, against thne invisible b utI desperate enemies, led on by 'the ' I'rinee of thi worlal I'" "Do not suppose." replied Miss Graham, tlaa because I catniot alwcays oppose you is nwea~lahor, I~ am necessarily won over to the paoint to wvhich I se you would Icad me.. - cansatt cope willi youa at alhl.~ l imes, nut heiaag so versed as yourself in tltis par-rI ticular line of controversy, wichiil, I cannatibt tliiik, you have taken up froat tto woant tif othterA mental talimenit. Yoan ore fonta of'groappliag' swiilh~ Gtiiculties, Gerahalme ; anal this excitement of ati nal Is become necessary to you; bat I forcaee that, ishen once in the Roman Catholic Church, and by degrees accustomed to, and satiated by, all the wonders ard " mysteries of that mighty pile of accumulated belief. you will then sigh after more than even that abun ldant storehouse can bestow !" You are right, Katherine! 1 shall'still, I trust, igh after that full, perfect, all-satisfying Chu'rlh to be found only in heaven. Yet, in that militant part of the Universal Church, of which I am in heart a member, struggling and imperfect though it be, I enter the bright vista leading to the eternal .portals, I mount the first step of the Patriarch's ladder. That perfect communion between the glo rifieI and militant Church throws a halo round the latter, full of inspiration. It beckons onward !" " Almost all the party here. Geraldine, are per. suaded that you are led into the Romish Church entirely by your imagination." - - " Let one of them conquer me in stiff and sober argument, before they repeat this absurd charge," cried Geraldine; " or let them', in penance for it, wade through all the tomnes' have done, making notes, comparing one author with another, and searching for truth, with infinitely more trouble and' labour, than if I liad merely. jumped after it to the huttom of a well." " Again a metaphor," said Katherine, smiling. ' Well then," continued Geraldine, " do you not see, Kate, that if I possess this imagination, this love of excitement, this perception of the vast, the beautiful, the harmonious, no other religion than the Roman Catholic can possibly satisfy me. In fact, my friends here are so far right, that my ima gination, together with every power of my mind, and every faculty of my soul, leads me there. But these friends, and almost every one in this cold calculating age, speak of imagination, as though it were a crime, never reflecting that, if God he not the author of evil, He cannot bestow evil gifts upon His children. It is man who perverts and misuses every heavenly gift; and how P By expending it upon the things of earth. But am I doing this P It is in vain for my friends to indulge the hope, that this, to them, alarming faculty of mine can be crushed anti annihilated. Ican no more still the aspirations of the imagination; than I can those of the mind and soul, of which I deem it the offspring. Possessing, then,a gift which :annot be destroyed, and whichi, if not used, will be abused-how is it to be employed P" Certainly, in the *service of God,! replied Katherine ; ",but even then not with extravagance; for St. Paul says,' Let your moderation be known unto all men.' " " Or," rejoined Geraldine, " as the Catholic ver sion has it, * Let your modesty be known unto all men,' which version I prefer. But do not expect me any longer to argue by opposition of texts on any subject. Three hundred years have proved its in efficacy in settling disputes amongst Protestants, and I consider it as a desecration of the sacred word of God. The sense of the Bible is gathered from the grand whole, not from detached parts; and the en tire weight of Scripture goes. to prove that we are to offer up our whole being to our .God," "I know, and trust [ observe, that truth," re plied Katherine; " but remember, that God, who gave you an exalted imagination, gave you also judgment and common sense, of which fully as strict an account will be demanded, as of the other more brilliant quality." " Granted I my dear friend i and this is the ac count I can give of my judgment and common sense, which two qualities are exclusively canonized and worshipped in this.our.nineteenthcentury. . When I began to reflect that my title of ' Protestant' was a negative one, and referred to something positive and precutrsive, I immediately made myself ac, quainted with that against which I had 'been all my life protesting : now, that showed some judg ment! And when, on the investigation. of this original Church, finding nothing to protest against, I protested no longer-surely this was common sense in its most palpable form 1"! Katherine smiled and sighed. " Then I may tell Lord Hervey that you have irrevocably made up your mind." . . "You may," replied Geraldine; but the unima tion of her countenance passed away, as she said this, and she also sighed. (To be continited.) 