THE GOVERNMENT AND THE COMMISSIONERS. Wa are not surprised at tbe Advertiser'» attack against the Commissioners, the object being to estrange as much as possible -the Governor and the community, in order to create occasion for its intercession, and thus insensibly catch the Lieu- tenant-Governor within tho toils of party. Moreover, the Act was always viewed with jealousy by that journal. Free institutions and free discus- sion strike like light upon the dark regions of political chicaneiy. Once the representative organs of the public voice have free scope, the power of the press will be neutralized tor all evil purposes : it can no longer mystify, tyrannise, or cajole. The property and intelligence of the community will be awakened into life and activity, and the low intrigues of factions will no longer be suffered to stand in the way of public interests or the public good. For this reason we hail with joy the approach of a free Representative Assembly. We shall not be satisfied with a less number of repre- sentatives than Sydney. Otherwise, there is a likelihood of its degenerating into an oligarchy like that of the older colony, the number of whose representatives ought to be enlarged. For the same reason we welcomed the concession of the present Commissioners' Bill. The obnoxious elause which gave to the Lieutenant-Govei nor the power to appoint a Chief Commissioner was expunged, ead Sir Eardley-Wilmot expressed a readiness to concede all the requisito demands of .the people. The people, on the other hand, cor- dially accepted the Act. The election was con- ducted in a manner that reflects the highest honour upon tho city. The fact of this Act having been passed by the late Council, and so joyfully ac- cepted by the people, was wormwood to the Adver- tiser. "This fact is sufficiently apparent in its attacks upon the Commissioners. We are re- minded that that journal "publicly and personally" sought to impose pledges upon the candidates, the real object of which was as a dernier resort to defeat the Bill, in the conviction that the Govern- ment would never yield the specific sources of revenue named. Mr. Latrobe, however, did yield the specific points. The Advertiser now tells us, that the Commissioners broke their pledges. This is something like the Governor's telling them they have spent their means in salaries, when they make that very point the ground for ceasing any longer to act, not having any legal power to levy a rate. The Governor complains they have levied no rate : the Advertiser charges them with having fixed a rate at all, when the Government had not fulfilled " the pledges." The Advertiser blames them for not urging " the pledges" (but what he is good enough to keep in the dark) upon the Governor: the Governor blames them for urging upon the Government so much. The positions of the Governor and his ally are as diametrically opposed as is light to darkness. The public will have little difficulty in coming to a just conclusion between the conflicting coadjutors, who concur in nothing except abuse. We have already exposed the source of that journal's hostility to the Act. It was passed by a Council whom it is pleased to denominate " slaves," with the further intimation that Sir Eardley.Wilmot excused himself for having had recourse to such instruments-a gratuitous invention, publicly con- tradicted by the last few words he uttered to the Legislative Council. We have politically differed with these gentlemen, but we do not consider that the cause of the colony, or even of the six gentle- men whom they succeeded, is much advanced by the former being so constantly made the subjects of personal vituperation. " The independent six" will please to recollect that it was never intended to render them independent of public opinion. They became popular only as its organs. Nor did they become so without shyness on their part, and the spur of popular obloquy. The opinion that made them, can unmake. Public opinion is fast verging that way. There is a strong suspicion that some of them counselled and assisted the Lieu tenant-Governor in suspending the constitution of the colony, resolved that none shall play the part of counsellors but themselves. Such sentiments are quite unworthy of public men. Such a course of conduct will go far to confirm Sir Eardley Wilmot's complaints against them, as seeking to usurp the Executive authority. We have been strongly urged from various quarters to protest against so monstrous a state of things. The public do not appreciate the feelings of apparent jealousy with which some of " the independent six" view the formation of any other Council but themselves, as if they combined all the wit and wisdom of Van Diemen's Land. Such petty personal feeling tarnishes their reputation. The public had no notion of elevating them into dictators or oligarchs. If they are not the lawful counsellors of the colony according to the best legal Rights (and that they are not, Sir William Denison has admitted by his own acts,) the law is not to be put aside for their sake. The constitution of the colony is not to be violated merely to administer to spleen. We have seen with what readiness the Advertiser" can turn and rend " the only semblance of Representative Government that we have as yet achieved. Whether the Commissioners may have been good, bad, or indifferent, is nothing to the purpose. The public have the remedy in their own hand : they can turn them out. It is the principle, however, which must be regarded - the principle of Repre- sentative Government and the maintenance of the law. No abuse of the Commissioners is to blind us to the anomalous position of the Government in its present irresponsible exercise of arbitrary power. If the facility with which the Advertiser can trample upon the rights of the people in the defence of a Governor affords proof that no uncon- stitutional exercise of irresponsible authority will lack support from pretended popular advocates, the spirit and tenor of Sir William Denison's letter may well excite apprehension of the probability of that authority being much misused. The Lieutenant-Govemor, in speaking of the remnant of blacks at Flinder's Island, in his minute to the Council, has recognised the expediency of removing them to some situation in the neighbourhood of Hobart Town, in order to protect them against " the tyranny" of officers. If such consideration be due to the blacks, surely equal consideration is due to the whites. The public demand that their constitutional privileges be preserved. The Governor is amenable, through the Council, to the public. They are now kept in the dark. ' Tiser tells us, " what the Governor can he will do." The public are not inclined to take the ghost's word for a thousand pounds. Changes are now made, and money disbursed irresponsibly, as in any Pashalick of Persia or Turkey. We have no security in the tried character or experience of Sir William Denison. On the contrary, his letter to the Commissioners sufficiently manifests that he is neither patient or politic. We regret it much. We regarded his appointment with great satis- faction, as one specially made towards useful ends. Hitherto his Government has been barren of everything but blunders. At last he has come to an open rupture with the Commissioners. Why ? Is it that ho feels the awkwardness of his present position, without a Council to amend the Act ? Is that the fault of the Commissioners ? Is it the fault of the Commissioners that the Act is inoperative? Did not the utmost willingness exist to put the Act into operation, it would have been long since a dead Fetter. It was carried forward despite every obstacle ; but when the levying of the rate had to be determined, it became absolutely necessary that their power to levy a rate should be fixed and determined beyond all controversy or cavil. "The doubt," says the Lieutenant Govemor, " was raised by yourselves." By whom could it have been raised with greater propriety ? We understand that ho, told the Chief Commis- sioner that an issue should have been raised and tried in the Supreme Court, as if there was not money enough expended .. in salaries." Could there have been a more preposterous suggestion ? Don Quixote, we are aware, lilted against wind- mills, but did not build them to tilt against. Such an issue must have generated angry feelings, and havo tended to bring the Municipal body into odium. Go to law, and settle it with the inhabitants : such was tho mode which Sir William Denison proposed as a preliminary mea- sure to the peaceful working of a Municipal Bill, when he had the power in his own hands to amend the Act ; iii other words, " obstinacy" was to cure " carelessness " There is. indeed, through- out the whole letter an angry effort to conceal the consciousness of confusion by heaping blame upon theJCommissioners. Thus they are told that they have expended in salaries almost the whole of their income, after having informed the Lieutenant Govemor that, in the absence of any legal powers to levy a rate,-the only income they had was not more than sufficient for the payment of salaries ; and that on this account alone they desired to put the Commission in abeyance. The appoint menta of.their officers, were proportioned to the total income which they had a right to expect from the rate and other sources. They sufficiently manifested their good faith by fixing the highest rate they could under the Act, so as to put it into successful and useful operation. In the repair of tile streets and the lighting of the town tlwre was much to bo done, and it was j felt desirable to do it as speedily and efficiently; as possible. The Government was met in the same liberal spirit in which it dealt. The rate would have produced £4000 a year. The dog tax yielded £700 ; the markets ¿800. The water, it waa also calculated, would have yielded a considerable revenue. To manage this revenue there w< re two salaried clerks, one at £'250 a year, another at £150. There was an office rented at £90 a year, which had been furnished at an expense of ¿70 ; there was also an office-keeper. Such was the proposed annual outlay (less the amount of the furniture) for an expected income of £7000 a year, being little moro than five per cent. If the Government of this colony pursue a similar plan of economy, tlio public will have but little reison to complain. In what respect was the expenditure too high ? Was it the salary of the chief clerk ? Surely the Lieutenant Governor will not say so. Ho will not consider £250 a year too high for a person so recently admitted into confidential communication with His Excellency, whatever the Commissioners may now think to the contrary. The Chief Commissioner got no salary-not a single shilling was ever wasted in entertainments. They tell the Lieutenant Governor, their means, owing to their having no legal power to levy a rate, are inadequate ; he re- echoes their complaint, and imputes it to them as a fault ; he suggests, however, a locus peniteniice. li they are disposed to act "in good faith," he says, and only continue in office, they will be tho most economical fellows in the world. They aro only extravagant when they speak of terminating their expenditure and existence at the same time. The motive is revealed. Sir William Denison is uneasy at the thought of conducting the Govern- ment on his own responsibility. Here is a cogent proof of the ill effects attending such a state of things. The impolicy is the more apparent from the strong efforts made to conceal it. The Commissioners will not let the matter rest. They owe it to themselves and the community to seek redress in the highest quarter. Shortly after his airival, Sir W. Denison admitted the utter inopefativeness of the Act; he even ceased to treat tho Commissioners as a legal body. Ile resumed the direction of the water- works. The Chief Commissioner was privately addressed. Suddenly lie altered his mind. He promised to amend the Act, and allowed the Com- missioners to act in the capacity of agents of the Government until it was amended. An amended Act was prepared and liid upon the table. The Council was adjourned indefinitely, ad Grescas calendas. It broke up in most admired disorder. The functions of the Commissioners ceased. They refused to exist for the sake of the salaries of two clerks. In his strictures upou the extravagance of the Commissioners, the Lieutenant-Governor has pointed a good moral, which will not be lost upon the community. It comes awkwardly enough after the public works' appointment, and the meditated job of au appointment for Mr. Clarke, to superintend the wharf that lias been allowed to wash away under the Governor's eyes for the last six months. One word touching the pledges. Mr. Latrobe conceded the demands of the public. The only question that remained open was the wharves, and for this the Commissioners received moro than an equivalent in the dog lax. Perhaps the Advertiser means the water. We might think so if lhere was not a suspicion of his heing water-logged. Was it wrong to insist that the right to an independent supply of pure water slould be practically asserted and maintained, and hat the town should be pro- tected against the recirrence of lawsuits ? Were they to take the gift cbgged with as many claims to compensation as then were warriors within the bowels of the Trojan lorse ? Or does the Adver- tiser mean that they hive forfeited their " pledges" in not stepping in to lelieve the Government from the performance of its duty towards the inhabi- tants, and insisting ttat tho town shall be pro« tected in the full and 'ree enjoyment of its rights ? The Advertiser experts, we opine, other things besides water to flow from the Cascades. The Commissioners have Iroken their pledges because they have not sacrifie«! the public. Such is the vein of reasoning pemding its last article, as well as the Governor's owi letter. The public, how- ever, think differently They do not agree with the Governor in imputng to them blame for doing that which the Govcrntr implies they ought to do ; nor with the Advertistr, in its attack upon them for breaking their pledges at the very time they honestly and conscientiously vindicate thom. But the most ludicrois part of this attempt at " turning the tables," is the complaint of the Governor, that the Commissioners spend their income in salaries, aftci his interview and consul- tation with Mr. M'Eachom, the chief clerk, who was moved to this step, ioubtless, til rough appre- hension of losing his salary. Mr. M'Eachern is quite ready to become tie receptacle for " the dog tax," and any other waij and scaif in the shape of dues. Ought not the Lieutenant-Govemor in can- dour to have said-" I hive seen Mr. M'Eachern ;' I understand you give lim £250 a-year: it is a monstrous waste of the public money." It was serving Mr. M'Eachern very badly to tell the Commissioners, after his ¡nterviow with him, that they wasted their revenus in salaries. This was I the unkindest cut of all. 