QUARTER SESSIONS. April 7, 1847. Reg. v. James Malcolm. For highway robbery and murder of Clark Gordon on the evening of Wednesday, Jan. 6. This atrocious crime has attracted such gene- ral attention, and created such alarm among our hitherto tranquil and fearless population, accus- tomed to travel at all hours without the idea of danger to age or sex, that we feel it incumbent on us to accord a much larger space of our columns to its details than we usually bestow on the reports of Quarter Sessions. We rejoice to say that the murderer was not a colonist, but "a V. D.'s Lander" — one of those for whose society a certain W. S. Stockley is so impatient. As it would be impossible in our limited space to give the evidence in full, we prefer following the open- ing address of the Advocate-General, as laying out the chain more intelligibly ; merely attach- ing the names of the witnesses to the facts. For the same reason, we omit the brief introductory remarks of that gentleman on the nature of cir- cumstantial evidence ; and on this case. Some details stated as useful for explanation, but not necessary to be proved, we put in brackets. Monday, Jan. 4th. — Gordon went up the river from Perth, loaded with baskets for sale and to collect debts ; disposed of all the baskets, and got in the money for them, and also his harvest debts. [T. WATERS and others.] ......Wednesday, 6th. — The day of last quarter sessions, Malcolm came on a chesnut horse, blind of an eye, at noon, to J. Byrne's workshop, at Mr. S. Moore's, professedly to meet Don Serra, his master, not there. An hour after, Gordon arrived for payment of 2s.; Byrne gave a £1-note; Gordon sat down on a block at the door, took out a note and silver, counted 18s., paid it, received the note, put it with the other note and remaining silver into the bag and in his pocket. Malcolm stood looking on. Gordon went away, saying he was "going downwards" (i. e., Guildford and Perth.) Malcolm dined with Byrne, and started an hour after Gordon, saying he must go to Guildford to seek Don Serra, and if he were not there, would sleep at W. Gibbons', because the Bishop did not like him to go to Jones' and had given him no money, and, us the witness understood, he was also ' destitute of money' to go to any house of entertainment. He rode off in the same direction. Gordon had taken. [JOHN BYRNE] ...... (Gordon dined at J. Jones', Guildford; drank only a glass of beer; was in excellent health and spirits ; had received money from various persons.) 3½ P.M.— Malcolm rode up to Gibbons', opposite to Mrs. Steel's, Guildford ; never alluded to D. Serra; said he was "on a stolen trip to Perth, and afraid of meeting his employers ;" stays awhile, asked the way to the post-office, did not go there, rode on towards Perth, leaving a bundle. [W. GIBBONS. ] ...... 5 P M.—Gordon came to Waters', on the way to Perth, for 13s. due for baskets; took out a roll of one or two notes at least, and some silver, from his trousers pocket ; hnd only 5s. 6d. change (W. preferred giving a note to silver) ; Mrs. W. then went for the 13s. ; Gordon rolled his own silver in the notes, carefully put them in his trousers pocket, buttoned or pinned the poc- ket, put the 13s. in the opposite trousers or waistcoat pocket, hurried away, refusing a glass of wine; was in re- markably good health. Just as he went away, Malcolm, arrived, and must have seen him, witness thinks; came to order two 15-gallon casks of wine by the Bishop's order for the priests, for which he would send a cart next day, and was going to Perth to do so, &c.;, &c.; ; all which proved to be all a fabrication. He loitered above an hour, in spite of hints, so as to annoy and excite W.'s suspicion, who observed him from time to time marking the sun, as if noting time. He then left for Perth. [T. WATERS.] ..... Mrs. Steel, returning on foot from Perth, meets Gordon about half way, sober, and "looking remarkably well," about 1½ mile after she met Malcolm walking his horse. [ANNE STEEL.] After sunset, but before quite dark, James Whittington, ascending Barndon's hill from Perth, met Gordon and ex- changed salutes just beyond the uninhabited house; 100 yards further he met Malcolm, walking his horse ; saluted him, but received no answer, M. seeming to have his eyes fixed in the direction of Gordon, in front of him. [JAMES WHITINGTON.] .....This was the result of this evidence, but considerable mystery arose from the witness insisting that Malcolm had a scarlet cloak instead of the brown shooting-jacket he had been seen in by the others. It was proved that he might have, had such a cloak, as they were used at the Romanist establishment where he was servant, but whether he really had put on such just before, and for what purpose, or whether the red reflection from the clouds deceived witness, did not appear. The material doubt was, however, removed by the prisoner, in cross-ex- amination, admitting that he had met him. This was the last point known of Gordon and Malcolm till after the murder, and brought the chain of res gestæ to within a few hundred yards of the scene of murder. The statement of Malcolm at the hearing before commitment admitted his having come a little further, in fact nearly to the spot. He also, apparently to divert suspicion, mentioned meeting man who "would not answer" him, &c.;, who proved to be Whitington, and seeing a cart, which it appeared was near 2 miles distant at the time, but which he heard described as being also on the road. All the persons on the road either way were accounted for, except Malcolm and Gor- don, who, although they set out for Perth, never arrived there, or passed the toll-bar. Thursday, 7th. — The post-boy saw Gordon lying, as he supposed drunk, at the road-side, and passed on. About noon three natives came to Mrs. Butterworth's, insisting that there was "an old man dying or dead," &c.; She, tthough supposing him drunk, never suspecting foul play in this colony, went at length with them, when they first pointed to a bludgeon (like 30 inches of the handle of a rake) lying on the road, which they seemed to attach much importance to. She said, "Oh that must have dropped from a cart." (It appeared that a number of exactly similar sticks were lying at Barndon's empty house.) A few feet from this lay the body of Gordon, about half way between Barndon's and Butterworth's, on his face, as if he had fallen violently forward ; marks of a scuffle in the sand around, and his hat lying some feet distant She turned him over, and was shocked : his face was purple, clots of blood over the left cheek, &c.;, nostrils and mouth, full of clotted blood and sand, the right eye swollen and black, and a small scratch about the size of a four-penny piece on the right side of the head, behind the temple ; fists clenched, the body stiff and apparently dead. She removed the blood and sand and washed his face, when he began to breathe painfully. Her husband and his partner (Burgess) were absent. She visited him repeatedly, washed his face, gave him spoonfuls of tea, &c.;, but he could not speak or move. She sent the natives for Crane (who did not understand them.) R. Jones, jun., passed towards Perth, and she told him to tell Crane, &c; : W. Jones came soon after ; she also told him. [MARIA BUTTERWORTH] ...... Both told Crane at the toll-bar, who bid them send help, and he would go. They neglected to do so. Crane, after waiting awhile for help, went alone, and Butterworth and Burgess coming home, they went together and brought in Gordon, who only uttered "Walk, walk, walk," and tried to take a few steps, and afterwards muttered "Oh dear." They gave him a few tea- spoonfuls of gin and water (which afterwards caused the idea next day of his having been drunk); the purple colour was now gone, the swelling reduced, and all supposed he had been very drunk and fighting. [JOHN CRANE.]......Next morning (Fri- day ) Mrs B. remembered the stick which the natives had laid such stress on, and had it brought in. (It was identi- fied, and had a mark like blood on one end.) Every at- tempt was made to induce him to speak, but in vain. [MRS B] ...... Friday morning early, J. Ferguson, Esq., Colonial Surgeon, was sent for, and saw Gordon, pro- nounced him at once dying, but apparently from drink, there being no external mark of sufficient violence to cause death, and his mouth smelling of gin. In the afternoon he was brought into the hospital and bled, but with no effect; he was then unconscious. He died on Saturday forenoon, without having been at any time conscious. The head and stomach were examined, and in the latter there was no spirits, nor anything but a little bile ; the right temple muscle was black, bruised, and its fibre destroyed under the small scratch, apparently by a violent blow ; a quantity of extravasated, blood was found over the right hemisphere of the brain, quite sufficient to have caused death; the right eye was black and bloodshot; he evi- dently had received two severe blows, one on the temple, the other on the eye, of which the first produced effects necessarily mortal : they might have been given by some such instrument as the stick produced. [J. FERGUSON.] (The evidence then was directed to trace the proceedings of Malcolm)....Wednesday, 9 P. M., Malcolm arrived at Gibbons'; asked where to put his horse; was shown Mrs Steel's; his manner was greatly altered, being " fidgetty and agitated"; offered Gibbons 5s to go for a bottle of grog, who refused, as did Martin, who lives with Gibbons. He went to Mrs Steel's. [W. GIBBONS.] .... Mrs Steel arrived about 8 p. m. at home, where in less than an hour Malcolm arrived, and on her remarking that she had met him, replied that he had met her, and had gone nearly to Perth, but turned back, for fear of meeting his employers. [ANN STEEL] ...... He returned to Gibbons', where he seemed disposed to stay, but received some broad hints that his company was not desired ; when he departed, after replying to Gibbons' observation, "surely you have not been to Perth !" as he did to Mrs Steel. [W. GIB- BONS].... He slept that night at Mrs Steel's, and rode away next morning (Thursday) after breakfast, paying 8 or 9 shillings, and saying he was going to Mr S. Moore's. [ANN STEEL.].... About 8 or 9 a.m. he arrived at Mr S. Moore's on foot, exchanged a few words, and went on to- wards Guildford. [J.BYRNE.].... About noon he arrived at Mr G. F. Moore's on the chesnut horse, passing himself for a gentleman just arrived from the Victoria Plains, put up his horse, and produced a keg of wine (no one but a lad (the witness), a boy, and some natives, being at home, which he was aware of, knowing the others to be in Perth) ; he made all drink wine, threatening to shoot the boy if he refused to continue drinking. The natives were soon drunk, when he drove them away. With great difficulty witness got him away just at sunset, leaving his keg, which he said he would return for; he was then rather tipsy ; he said he had been nearly at Perth the day before, but that some creature had frightened his horse, and he galloped back to Waters' and walked thence to Mrs Steel's. [JOHN LYONS.]....Just as he left Mr Moore's yard he met James MacDermott, riding in advance of his family, who were returning from Perth in a spring cart ; he saluted him, asked leave to return for a parcel he had left, and did so ; both dismounted : as MacDermott was going to the barn, prisoner followed him, and, after behaving in a very fami- liar and unaccountably obtrusive manner, came behind him, and passing his arm round, tapped him on the left waistcoat pocket, where some money jingled, and asked him what he had got there. After several rebuffs, he asked which side of the river they had come up? and being told "the Guildford side," said, " I also was near to Perth last night, almost as far as the causeway, when some ghost or devil frightened my horse, and I galloped back to Waters' and walked thence to Mrs Steel's ; AND HERE'S THE ARM (stretching out his arm) THAT GAVE THE MAN THE CRACK." [J. MACDERMOTT.] The prisoner was very vehement against the last witness, insisting that he was himself quite drunk and knew not what he said, he made no regular attempt at defence, nor in fact any distinct assertion of innocence; but con- tented himself with abusing the witnesses, and saying that he was deprived of evidence; which was shown to be un- true, as he never had hinted that he wished for any. The prisoner having no counsel, the Advocate-General declined speaking to evidence. The Chairman summed up, and commented on the evi- dence, and on the duty of the jury, observing that they should consider sufficient for a verdict in this case such amount of evidence as would induce them to take or ab- stain from any important step in life. After about five minutes' absence, the jury returned a verdict of "Guilty." The Chairman, in passing sentence, remarked that he perfectly concurred in the verdict of the jury, and turning to the prisoner, thus concluded the awful sentence : — "John Malcolm, you have been found guilty of the most atrocious crime of which man can be guilty towards his fellow-man : you have been convicted of the murder of a defenceless and harmless old man, for the base and sordid purpose of pilfering a few shillings. Hitherto, age or in- fancy might travel unmolested from one end of the terri- tory to the other, and to you will be attributed any feeling of insecurity which hereafter may be experienced by tra- vellers. In order to give you every opportunity of making any representations to the Executive, the execution of your sentence will be deferred till Wednesday next. The sen- tence of this Court is, that you be taken from hence to the place from whence you came, (Her Majesty's common gaol at Fremantle), and from thence, on Wednesday, the 14th April instant, to the place of execution, and that you there be hanged by the neck until you are dead, and may God, for the sake of our common Saviour, have mercy on your soul." It will be satisfactory to all concerned in the trial to learn that the prisoner has since amply confessed his guilt and the justice of his sentence, but states that the crime was not premeditated, but occurred to his mind immediate- ly on overtaking Gordon — that he only intended to stun him, and supposed he had done so — that he rode up be- hind him and struck him unawares, when he staggered and fell, but never spoke or struggled. 