FOREIGN POLICY. We began by recognising the present King of the French with such headlong haste as to offend Russia and Austria; and we continued to give Louis Philippe so cordially the ban, that we rendered any vEuropean coalition to crush him utterly impossible. We had scarcely taken thi? position when the Belgian insurrection occurred. . Louis Philippe instantly declared that no ore should c — meddle with it; that the Treaty et Vienna waft abrogated, as far as the low countries were concerned ; and that neither Europe or Hollbfid should restore the status of 1845. We acquiesced. We tcok the French view of the question against ourselves. We. approved of the seige of Antwerp. Louis Philippe, to gratify 4is, did not, indeed, put his son on the new Belgian threne;. but, by^ means of a marriage, he did the same thing. Commercially, politically, and militarily, Belgium was absorbed by France ; and we have taught ourselves, to c^ider it the natural order of things.. Then occurred the death of:Ferdiaand, and the revolution effected in Spain by his testament. Here again we joined France, and recognised Isabella, without taking express precautions against her or her sister's marrying a French prince. But we had at that time so loaded Louis Philippe and his house with benefits, that we did not doubt his gratitude. We concluded the quadripartite alii-. ance, We sent our soldiers and sailors to combat ; gave arms, money, English blood. Whilst Louis Philippe endeavoured to make a merit with the eastern powers of not cordially co- operating with us, tee, in despite of French lukewar^P&s;, saved Biliboa, and with it the throne of Isabella. The sword of Espartero secured it. And then in stepped Louis Philippe to profit by all that we had done. He suborned a party to oppose Eng^ land in Spain ; he set up a press to calumniate her; and in a few months he drove out of the, Peninsula, with t verv friend of England or of liberty, every vestige of English influence. Further, to render security r^ore sure, he placed his minions near the throue of Portugal, and was as much master of tbe court of Lisbon as of Madrid. And this course of policy he has now wound up by putting an extinguisher on the little Queen ; and by giving openly to his own son the succession to the Spanish throne, by means of a marriage with th«s Infanta. We wonder that the ghosts of William the Third and of Marlborough do not rise from the grave, to reproach the n?en who wield the sceptre and the sword of England. Now, we ask, would we not be much better off, had we possessed no foreign minister, no diplomacy, no far-seeking policy for the last sixteen years ; Need we sj_eak of Italy; where we helped the French to take Ancona, one result of which is, that the French are now predominant at Rome ?" Need we speak of Greece ; vihich we helped to liberate, in order to have it governed by tbe French Prefect, Coletti ? Need we sppak of Syria; where we endangered the peace of Europe in resisting Fiance, and where the French, by their monks,, have won almost more influence than they wielded through the sword of Ibrahim ? Turn away from France, and look tc America. We have had two causes of difference wiih the United States, their j.or«h-rast and nor^h-west frontiers. In both we yielded more than even the Americans themselves dared ask ten years back. We were right, indted, to yield. But would it not have been more dignified to have flung it up carelessly and magnanimously from nation to nation, than to have employed diplomatic agents to cavil and discuss ; to have heard Polk blustering and Peel replying, with ihe certainty of concession in the end, To have held our tongues, and abided by car fate, would have been just as unprofitable. Then there is Texas. How lucky would we have been to have had no Mr PAeuham simply to spirit up Mexico, and intrigue with Texas, that Mr Polk might break through the web of our intrigues with a kick of his foot. In the Old World as in the New. our habit universally is, to thrust ourselves between two combatants when they are nearly done fighting, and encourage the weak ar.d half-beaten party to stand up once more against the stronger, in order to get himself entirely beaten, and definitely crushed. But all this proceeds from the absurd vanity of our statesmen, who will aspire to hive a foreign policy, when the nation rot only has none, but does not care to have any. Here, for example, are these marriages of the Spanish princesses. Ministers have thrown themselves into all kind a of meuacing attitudes, ol hurt pride, of angry remonstrance, or contingent war. To what purpose ? except to show that Ecgland ought to be angry, but has not the stomach to be so. Lord Palmerston makes his press thunder, it is true ; and is full of deep fire in his own heart. But iie is forced tobe bland, even when addressing that arch-traitor Louis Philippe. He has to smile and promise " that the amicable relations between the countries will not be disturbed," simply because he knows the people of England would see, without the least disturbance of their perfect indifference, all tbe Princesses of Spain married to all the Emperors of all the realms of the universe. We now learn, that because government cannot resent Louis Philippe's falsehood at present, it will protest; it will, by a public ^declaration, disinherit the offspring of the Duke of Montpensier; and thus appeal from the impossibility of present war, to the possibility of a future one. This, we fear, is nonsense. If we will not go to war now—and certainly we will not—to prevent a Prince of Orleans from ascending the throne of Spain, we shall be little likely to go to war for the same case at any future time. And, knowing this, it it unwise and unfair to throw upon posterity the task of avenging injuries wbich we dare not resent. Louis Philippe will laugh at our protests ; will sneer at our present backwardness, and our valour in futuro; and will sheath his sword with a contemptuous " Well, gentlemen, whenever you are ready;" showing how fully he has fathomed our purposes, and seen through our political subterfuges. If people will bnt reflect on this state of things, they must come to the conclusion, that the safest and most dignified way for England, would be tor its government to conform itself to the pufagc feeling of the nation, and to have no foreign policy at all. There is DO use in having any, un ess the public have faith and sympathy in it,and unless a statesman can act up to it. Of this, at least, we are certain, that.it would be much better, to have' no foreign policy at all, ard no fo^pm office, than to reap from them such fruits. E»try aim of peace and friendship missed; every scbeme of alliance abortive; every cherished Ireedcm crushed ; every useful, influence xndermined ; every feeling, of national pride outiaged ; every guarantee of national power and independence swept away ; and even all opening of trade and ommerce closed against us one after tfce jother. Daily Ifeus. EI.AIDE: Printed arid Published efery ^BtMtfH Morning, by George SteveoEon atMr^^ke'i'^lbfkbfl King William-street. -January l 30^1847. -- 