The Pugilistic Session. MAY 12TH, 1847. SPEECH OF BUNGARRABBEE JACK. My flowers of the Fives, still engaged at the sports, I'm happy to meet you again at the Courts; Not one of you present to fair play a rebel, But right as a trivet, and game as a pebble. I trust that you ever the gauntlet will fling To support the renown of the Botany Ring, And despite of each spiteful and slanderous pen, Your duty to do both as millers and men. Oh! 'tis pleasant to witness a muster so strong, Of trumps, ne'er suspected of anything wrong, Thrice welcome OLD DAN, though reduced in thy bulk, And though time and the -------- have made free with thy hulk. To thy efforts may each young aspirant awaken, For thy spirit was dauntless, thy courage un- shaken; And one who good humoured, and slow to offend, Never yet turned his back on a foe, or a friend. Since thy day, all in vain may we look for a better un, And with thee may life's sunset be glorious, my veteran; And we greet thee TOM SPARKS, may thy fives never fail The game SPRIG OF MYRTLE so hearty and hale. And to thee SOLLY REUBEN, a welcome, well met; And to brave JEMMY DARGAN the Hawksbury pet; To GORRICK with laurels surrounding his pate, And to CHALKER the boomer, once nick-named the Great. And the ghost of GEORGE BAILEY for ever revered, Though Death with his paint-brush thy phyzog hath smeared, Yet sublime in the mantle the dark grave has thrown, O'er thy features, we prize thee as game to the bone. And the presence we hail of OLD PARISH and ABY, GEORGE HOUGH, ISAAC READ, the big Notting- ham baby, With many more stars, some alas! in the wane, Whose escutcheons were never yet marred by a stain. Ah! to me 'tis the source, I confess it, of pride, Over lads of such prowess and pluck to preside; And I trust that all entering a milling career, Their course by such noble examples will steer. But my views on one point, I'm unable to smother Why not always come forward and aid one another? Now with real good fellows and stars of the Ring, Paltry envy and jealousy are not the thing. So be it, my worthies, henceforward your plan To do a kind act to a pal when you can; And when your good feeling is put to the proof, Henceforth do not shirk, and keep coldly aloof. Now my friends, that all bouncing and chaffing may cease, GEORGE HOUGH and BIG IKE have determined on peace; And in friendly alliance they mean to remain, Till homewards IKE comes from the country again. Judge a man then, say I, by his spirit within, And not by his mug, or the hue of his skin. By union, then lads, let the Ring be restored, Nor let it by beaks and the Herald be floored. And fierce opposition we'll manfully weather By a long pull, a strong pull, a pull altogether; We'll flourish our fives with dexterity wonted, And the butchering KNIFE shall for ever be blunted. Thus having discarded the murderous blade, New stars will shine forth, and fresh matches be made. And patrons and friends in succession will rise, To back honest men, and to aid the supplies. Now trusting my friends that we all think alike, A bumper we'll drain to our champion IKE, And when we have finished, I've yet one more toast, Here's a health to OLD LEVY our silver nobb'd host. 