THE Sydney Morning Herald. TUESDAY, APRIL 6, 1847. "Sworn to no master, of no sect am I." A VOYAGE FROM SYDNEY TO SOUTH AUSTRALIA AND BACK AGAIN; WITH MEMS, SOCIAL, POLITICAL, AGRICULTURAL, MORAL, AND MINING. CHAPTER VIII., AND LAST. THE reader is probably aware that the state- cabins of coasters, (as the cupboards for the nocturnal confinement of passengers are called) are divided into two sleeping shelves, on which the occupants lie, one over the other, in layers \--like calicos in shops, or bodies in a family vault. The lower shelf is almost level with the floor of the cabin; the upper is about four feet above it: and, as one or the other must be the more commodious of the two, he is (in my judgment), in a limited degree, a benefactor to his species, who enables intending voyagers to profitably elect in this particular. Take my advice, then, and always choose the upper one. It is true, that getting into a bed fixed at such a height is a somewhat violent proceeding; but when you acquire the knack of poising yourself on the wash-hand-stand, be- fore hurling yourself into bed, the task becomes comparatively easy. With the single excep- tion, then, of getting in and getting out, (which latter operation is done by a somerset--soon acquired), the upper berth is so superior to the lower one, that I shall never for a moment hesi- tate between the two. In the first place, the boards of the upper berth, upon which the bedding rests, sometimes come out, and fall altogether-- boards, bedding, and bedfellow-- down upon the sleeper below; and, if such an accident is to happen at all, it is much better that you should fall upon your friend, than that he should fall upon you. Again, whenever the man in the upper berth is too timid to throw himself out at once, and fishes about with his feet for a landing, whilst he holds on with his hands, he ten to one misses his footing altogether, and whilst you are won- dering where the legs are going to, or what they are about to do, they conclude by slipping into your berth, and standing upon your face, or stomach, before you can roll out of the way. Besides this, the cockroaches walk much more upon the lower man, than they do upon the upper one, taking liberties with him as if he were a person of less consequence, a servant, a slave, or a mummy belonging to the other, and stowed away under his bed as of no import- ance. For these, and other minor reasons, it was that I,--now that an additional complement of passengers compelled us into two's for each state cabin,--at once chose the upper bedding place; and knowing as I did for sixteen days and nights, what a nuisance I was to my neighbour, I never regretted my choice. At about sunset of the day of our depar- ture from the wharf at Port Adelaide, we drew away with the stream, and fell down the harbour with the tide. Darkness comes upon as, and the tide is out, before we get to the narrow mouth of the harbour, and therefore we drop our anchor, and defer crossing the bar until the next morning. Presently, a boat containing the new passengers, who have been spending every moment they could spend on shore, is seen cutting through the dark, and leaden coloured water, to the ship. There are the Phantom's owner, two new passengers, a stout passenger, (a most amiable, and gentle- manlike Crown Land Commissioner, of Port Phillip,) a tall one, the stout one's dog; and trunks, and band boxes for all. We are in- troduced, by the Captain, and bow in the dark, to each other, or to the boatmen, or to the sailors, (we are not certain which) and tea time being ready, we descend to the cabin, to eat steaks, drink tea, and examine each other, there. A couple more of sea captains have come down the harbour with us, in order to have a parting yarn with our Captain, and as usual, when two or three skippers are gathered together in one place, they start a pleasant conversation, (for those just com- mencing a voyage) about that ship, the Thomas or John something which went to the Mauritius with wheat, and has never since been heard of, which naturally leads to the mention of at least a dozen other vessels, which at different times have been run down, gone ashore, or foundered in gales of wind. Conversation dwells in particular upon the Sophia Pate, which was our mate's contribution to the gene- ral entertainment, (confirmed by a professional brother, who said he could remember it well;) which having run upon a reef of rocks, and there lain for weeks, until all the food was con- sumed, the crew were at length driven to pick out and eat the oakum from between the deck planking, to keep themselves from starving, until this failed, when the Captain said they must cast lots, and that as it was fitter for boys to die than grown up men, the boys must cast lots among themselves. That upon this, one of the boys said, he thought all ought to take their chance alike, and that the lot ought not to be confined to the boys, for a boy's life was as much to him as any other person's life was to him, and that the Captain said, "lets have none of your d----d impudence, but get ready at once;" and how that they did get ready, and that the lot fell on one, and that the ship's butcher was called upon to kill the boy, and refused, and leaped overboard, and destroyed himself, and that the boy then offered to kill himself, and did so by cutting his own throat, and was eaten by the rest of the crew, who were soon after picked up off the wreck by a passing vessel, which thought the people on the wreck could not be in want of food, for they had provision hanging at the stern, which the narrator said was only one of the legs of the poor boy." As the conversation has taken this sanguinary turn,--not a strik- ingly pleasant one, even when you are safe on shore, and much too exciting when you are at sea, we withdraw at once to our dormitory, and climb into bed, and in a few moments, not- withstanding the horrible narratives we have been regaled with, are fast asleep. Before light the next morning the Phantom was under weigh, over the bar, and standing down the Gulf of St. Vincent, with a fair wind. We begin to calculate, (as people always will calculate, and look into the dark womb of the future,--always darkest at sea) about the pro- bable time of our arrival in Sydney. "Let's see," (says one) "seven days going down to Ade- laide,-- seven days we have been in port,--and say, seven days back. The passage home to Sydney has been done in five, but say seven, or to be liberal, and on the safe side, ten. This will make the voyage (usually a six weeks one) only twenty-four days in all, and if we do it in seven days then only only twenty- one. How shall we astonish the natives. What will they think of the Phantom?" cries one; to which our friend the north country man (who is still with us, and sleeps under my bed,) cries, "Eh, it's grand, Sirs," and jerks him- self along the poop, snapping his fingers, and chuckling as if Sydney Heads were already in sight, instead of being, as they are, twelve hundred miles away. Alas! what short sighted, childish creatures we are. Our captain,--who by-the- bye, is as capital a fellow as ever trod a deck,--has been trying in vain to put down this growing spirit of prophecy among us, from, as I believe, the good-natured desire, to save us from disap- pointment. It is strange how contemptuous, if not absurdly incredulous most of us are, to his not very new doctrine, "that the winds are uncertain, and that we must expect bad luck, mixed with good." They are deaf. But when the wind chops round, and before we are half way down the gulf, becomes dead a-head, we see plainly, we are not to have it all our own way. On Friday evening we left Adelaide, and although we have only sixty miles to do, to get out of the Gulf, that distance is not accom- plished even by Sunday night. In short, for seven or eight days after this, the wind was as foul, as if, to use the Irish chief-mate's words, "they had done it from spite." From exultant anticipation of an early arrival in Sydney, we gradually become resigned to an ordinary pas- sage, and at last grow apathetic even under the apprehensions of a very long one. There is nothing for it, but to eat and drink in desperation, and play whist, and loo, and romp with the dog, and set him at the goat--(who sometimes butts the dog over on his back, and makes him howl an almost articulate 'murder')--and fish for bar- racoota with no other bait than a great staring tenpenny nail, fastened upon a lump of red cedar, in such a manner as to make it an insult to any fish's understanding to lay it before his gills, for their acceptance. And yet these most stupid fish are thus caught by dozens; coming in companies about this simple contrivance, hooking and unhooking themselves, and then coming back again, as if enamoured of the nail, and never seeming to be easy in their minds, until they are hauled upon deck, and are opened for sailing. This adverse wind, too, is not without profit in other respects. It is certain that when we do get on shore we shall relish it. No one who has ever slept, or endeavoured to sleep, whilst standing up on his head in a gale of wind at sea,--no one who has ever lis- tened to his neighbour knocking himself to pieces in his cabin, and swearing frightfully during the operation,--no one can have ever shaved at sea, at the risk of amputating his nose, slicing off his chin, or cutting his throat,--no Christian heart that has ever been touched by the sound of that frightful tumble of some very heavy passenger down stairs--no one who has heard his opposite neighbour crying out from his little hospital of a state cabin to the steward--"for God's sake to come again;"--no one who has ever lain, crushed, humiliated, almost spirit- broken, upon the top of his own hat, coats, telescope, boots, and Blair's Sermons, all com- bined into a little chaos of their own, whilst the wind is howling through the rigging, and the raging sea is roaring and leaping its wildest within a few inches of his ear: no one can have seen, done, and heard all these things without acquiring an intense and passionate appreciation, even to very weakness, of his own particular four-poster in his own quiet and unconvulsed bed-room, in the (as it then appears to him at sea) lovely City of Sydney. Thus, "sweet are the uses of our marine adversity." On our tenth day out, at about eleven o'clock in the morning, we sight a vessel a great way off, with royals and studding-sails set, coming towards us. The practised eye of our captain at once pronounces her, from her general phy- siognomy, to be the Dorset brig, from Sydney, bound for Adelaide. She soon nears us, and we set to work analysing each other with tele- scopes. As the vessels pass on their different ways, and the captains roar questions and answers at each other through speaking trumpets, what a steady, concentrated, and collective stare, all the people of each vessel bestow on the other! We recognize a Sydney friend on board, and we wonder if he has tumbled out of bed much, during his passage hitherto. Soon the vessels are a great distance from each other on their trackless ways, and still we find our eyes ever falling upon the little Dorset, as doubtless the little Dorset's eyes are upon us. So absorbing and peculiar is the interest which one box of human beings feels for another, when encountering far away upon the desolate and mighty deep. They look so completely at the mercy of the power to which they have committed themselves; an observa- tion which, in all probability, the Dorset also makes upon us. The next object of interest is Cape Otway, which we can see at about six o'clock in the morning of our twelfth or thirteenth day out. At the same time, we sight two other vessels, a barque and a brig, both beating in the same direction as ourselves, in the endeavour to double the Cape. We soon get near enough to the barque to employ upon her the flag lan- guage invented by Captain Marryatt, and we ask her what she is, which is not considered so rude a question at sea as it would be for one stranger to walk up to another, and put the same question on shore. Nevertheless, the barque takes no sort of notice, but scuds away as if she did not see us, which is the first time I ever witnessed one vessel regularly cut an- other at sea. Our captain is disgusted, and says the barque's a beast. I charitably sug- gest, that perhaps she has been jolly last night, and is not yet quite up and dressed, and fit for conversation, and this really looks something like the fact, for about an hour after, and long after we have hauled down our flags and retired back upon our own dignity, the barque runs her ensign up, and thus re- cognises our existence. As, however, she has nothing to say, we suspect she is dumb, and altogether destitute of flags to express an idea: she is a clipper, however, for we hold together for a couple of days, and leave her on the second night after we have made her ac- quaintance. She was recognised as the Waratah, from Adelaide to Port Phillip, and has made the quickest passage of the season, from London to South Australia. As for the brig, a melancholy little tub called the Union, we ran away from her altogether, a few hours after we first saw her. The next afternoon we have a most pic- turesque thunder storm, which has been brew- ing all day, in a lurid leaden coloured sky, and comes clattering over our heads at sun-down, in sublime style. Away comes the glorious south-wester sweeping over the deep, as it bursts in the fulness of its power out of the masses of angry cloud behind us. The thunder roars as if it were rolling away into the very vaults of old ocean; the lightnings blaze away and "fork out" their finest patterns, to lend sublimity to the scene. The wind moans and howls a melancholy dirge amongst the rigging, whilst the seas, mounting and curling, come hissing and careering after us, as if they were wishing they might get the little Phantom, which, up to everything, takes to her heels at once, and goes foaming over the deep under double-reefed topsails, as if exulting in the excitement of running through the thick of it. This burst, however, soon blows itself out, and in about an hour it sinks into a gentle and fair breeze, with which resuming all sail, we quietly glide into Bass's Straits. In the morning all was a dead calm. Doubts begin to be entertained by some whether we shall ever get to Sydney with such adverse weather. We can scarcely fish with any spirit, nor are we moved much, even by the sight of a large shark, which appears just un- der the quarter of the vessel, in an attitude of contemplation, as if meditating upon the flavour of the Crown Land Commissioner--by far the juiciest man among us--who, uncon- scious that he has excited the shark's regards, is hanging listlessly over the side of the vessel. But at this point, when our hopes are at the lowest, our bad luck ends. A cats-paw comes gently crumpling the surface of the sea. It grows to a little breeze. Away we go again. Another large barque is in sight. She is hove to, and we see her broadside on, evidently waiting for us. She lowers a boat as we near her. Her mate comes on board, with his cap- tain's compliments, and wishes to know how our barometer is, for his is very low; and he and his vessel appear to be seized with a kind of shivering fit, at being among the islands of Bass's Straits, with the prospect of thick and dirty weather coming on. Our friend is the Euphrates, from London, and wishes to know whether we intend to run. Our captain says certainly, and invites the Euphrates to run with him,--as he (our captain) is well acquainted with the part, and expects to get quite free of the islands before sundown. All our captain asks in re- turn is, that the mate of the Euphrates will, when she gets to Sydney, report the Phantom, as seen in Bass's Straits, which the mate of the Euphrates, with the utmost good faith, pro- mises to do. Of course we are all diverted at the mate's delusion, in fancying that he is to get to Sydney first, and in order to show that we have been only quizzing, we first escort the Euphrates fairly past the islands, and then we take to our heels again, and run out of sight of her before dark, and never stop until we get to Sydney. We made the Heads at night. The weather was thick and rainy, and great was the excite- ment as aloft and below, eyes were distributed about the vessel, looking out for the friendly light,--that light, at the first sight of which, so many a sea and storm-wearied heart, has leaped with an almost childish joy. First the mate, who is aloft, sees and proclaims a light ho!--and to the quick and nervous question of the captain, "Where-away?" answers, on the larboard bow. Presently several others see it, and I work my eyes so desperately hard to see it too, and that so successfully, that at length I see seven or eight lights at least. This particular light, however, proves to be a deceiver, for in a few minutes we find, from the alteration of its bearing, that it is plainly moving, and at last some one ex- claims "why it's the Shamrock,"--and sure enough it is the Shamrock, looking, as she passes away in the darkness and mist, like the ghost of a steamer, rather than a steamer it- self. Soon, however, the real revolver casts its bright beam across our view, and slowly, and with the faintest breath of wind, we glide to- wards the harbour. Such was the natural ex- citement of making land at night, that only two passengers went to bed, and I was not one of them. We pass between the Heads, and astern of the Sir George Seymour, lying (with all her contents apparently fast asleep) near the Sow and Pigs. In another half hour we drop our anchor, as we bear up at the Battery Point, and our voyage is at an end. Can it be possible that night is at an end too, and we have never been to bed? Truly it is so, as lago says, Pleasure and action make the hours seem short-- Day begins to dawn, and in this first fresh sober light of morn, with no living thing on the move but ourselves, the harbour looks like some beautiful Italian picture. We have stolen in like a phantom, and people will go down in the morning and find the little clipper looking as composed, as if she had been lying off the Battery Point for a week. And now all our thoughts are of home. We have been absent from Sydney a month and two days. In that time what may not have occurred? Some of the dear young bright eyes we left behind us, may, whilst we were away, have become quenched for ever. We almost run from the Circular Wharf through the silent and deserted streets, as these fearful thoughts grow upon us. Nobody is yet up in our street, and I reach my own house, but can make nothing of the outside of it. I cannot discover from the expression of the street door whether mutes have been lately standing there, or whether funerals have been lately performed about the premises, so that I am obliged at last to muster up courage and ring the bell. The imaginary character of such apprehen- sions, the levity of these papers will suffi- ciently show. So as I have reached home at last, of which fact some others are probably as glad as I am, I shall at once make my bow to my excellent and good-natured readers, as I write my last words, Vos valete, et plaudite. 