1 MISCELLANEOUS. j A Modern Henry the Eighth— Ex- \ communication of a German Prince. — The Prince Archbishop of Breslau lias ; launched the thunder of the Church against one ot ttie Uerman rrinces. lie has excommunicated the Prince of llatz- field de Trachcmbourg and de Jaschkowitz, Member of the Older of Nobles in the General Diet of Prussia, at present assembled in Berlin, and one of the richest and most influential Princes in Prussia. The bfollowing are the circumstances which have led to an act of rigour on the part of the Church so uncommon in the present century. About five years ago, Prince Germain de Hatzfield, who is a Roman Catholic fell in love with the Duchess of Reichembach, a married lady, and a Protestant. For some reason, the Duchess of Reichembach got herself devorced. Soon afterwards in virtue of a Royal Decree, abridging the delay which, according to Prussian laws, must take place be tween the divorce and the re-marriage of any of the divorced parties, the Prince of Hatzfield got the Lutheran pastor of Breslau to give him the marriage blessing. Thereafter the Prince of Hatzfield was anxious to have his marriage made valid according to the rites of the Catholic Church, and for that purpose he applied to several ecclesiastics to perform the marriage ceremony, but they all refused on the ground that they were forbidden to do so by the decisions of the Council of Trent, and more especially by a brief, addressed in 1843 by the late Pope Gregory XVI. to the Bishops of Bavaria, and in which the Sovereign Pontiff designates a marriage between a Catholic and a divorced Protestant as connubium adulterinum. The Prince of Hatzfield did not lose courage, he went to Rome — threw himself at the Pope's feet — and supplicated his Holiness to confirm his marriage with the Duchess of Reichembach. Gregory XVI. was moved, and after having received from the Prince of Hatzfield a solemn promise that he would support the interests of the Catholic Church, His Holiness vali dated the marriage of the Prince and Princess of Hatzfield, and gave orders to the Prince Archbishop of Breslau to give them the nuptial benediction according to the rites of the Catho lic Church, which was accordingly done. After two years of mar riage, the love of the Prince of Hatzfield for his wife began gradually to cool, and this coolness increased to such a degree that at last he drove her out of his house and obtained a divorce. At the same time, he formed an intimate connexion with another Protestant lady, Madame de Bach, who had also the mishap to he divorced, and on the 6th of April last he married her publicly in the Lutheran Cathedral of Breslau. On the following day, the Prince Arch bishop of Breslau pronounced a sentence of the greater excommunication against the Prince of Hatzfield, in which, after reciting the above facts, he says — " Considering that his Serene Highness the Prince Germain of Hatzfield de Trachembourg and de Jaschkewitz has rendered himself guilty of poligamy, we strike him with the anathema of the Church, and with all the legal con sequences of that measure, and that in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The Breslau papers state that the Prince of Hatzfield, on learning that sentence of excommunication had been pronounced against him, intimated his intention of joining the Lutheran Church. A .V velty at Com I. — Tiiutigh the Drawing-room is now a week old, yet there was one circumstance so singular and remarkable — so significant of the times— that it will hear to be the. sub ject of gossip between us now. It is no less a fact than the Turkish Minis ter actually bringing his wife to court, not shrouded and veiled up to the eves, to screen her from the profane gaze of " dogs of Christians," and hurried se cretly into the presence of 11 female sovereign, hut hanging 011 the arm of her Ottoman lord, and threading her way through the diplomatic crowd in a court dress, not distinguishable from any other lady, though the Minister, of course, appeared in his national costume. Just fancy the old torics of Constanti nople hearing of this dreadful innova tion—there's an end of the constitution of Turkey at once ; and a prrtty ac count the Princess will give, when she gets back among the secluded inhabitants of the harem, of the privileges she has enjoyed. Talk of the suppression of the Janissaries, the emancipation of the ladies will produce ten times greater results ; and there's many a respectable nld II >1 ii il I It a ittnJs in ir aaa 1.1 a l.k« i/iu it 1 it is tit uc inauL tiitat iiiinc ui the clamorous demands of his harem for the same liberty as that enjoyed by the representative of the Sultan. But j while this is all very pleasant, as far as i the Turkish ladies are concerned, we j all know that Ottoman gentlemen are allowed four wives hy law, and al! who ! can afford it generally avail themselves 1 of their privilege. What is to he done then, with wivca Nos. J, 3, and 1, should they claim to come to court ; or what ; would her Majesty do if a Turkish Am- ! bassador should bring his four Amha-sa- 1 dresses all at once ' Some such difficulty seems to have presented itself to the tninds of the court and diplomatic authorities, for the Princess Cullimaki was not presented with the forms and ceremonies usual on the introduction of a wife of a foreign minister. This first symptom of emancipation of the fair sex of Turkey is, however, too valuable to be discouraged by a reigning Queen, and there is no doubt means will be de- vised to smooth all difficulties. ! The Ladies' Swimming Srkool at I Patis. — I found myself, hy the nmia-inn I of a Parisian friend, in the midst of the Lsdies' Ssvunm ng School on die Seine. ! Never shah 1 forget t1 e feeling of asto- : nis'iment which my first glari. e round ' its ample inclosure occasi lied me ! My f iend fid me to a bridge thai crossed 1 the middle oi M e incl"»ure. and fioin ! this van age ground I ! > ked round ai d j saw nb ut a hundred figures clothed in i htile b'ue camisoles, which reached from j the throat to ti e waist, with pantaloons to match Sotne were in the water, an I some out of il ; the latter miming along | the hanks ol t'.is huge lady pornl, |.lay- ing a thousand gamh-ds, and lioui time! t > time »p'inging,wilh an Undine plunge, into the midst o! their floating com- puni lis — all laughing, all talking, all fio'iiking, v» ills the txcep'ion ol line and there a novice, who was leirning the art of swimming in sober e.rnest, an ! finm whom il ere orrnslonally rc-sc a sort nt durxning "Oil! oh? oh!'.' us he newly applied strength fail-d her, and she fou d ii necessary 10 call upon the swimming master for aid. Al ti e first gl ip e the sc. nc was too grotesque n ii to produce a Lugk ; hut t lie second shewed a multiiu 'c ol either pretty, or aiuueiug, o' iuleres ing varieties, which soon rivttinl the attention, anil ren'le.rd the whole spectacle something thai it was escecdingly difficult to rcase gazing Upon. Some of the pretty liille N«iad« swam like oilers, and these, conscious ol their power 1 nd consequent s-fety, d» fie I their m re imiid companions in all sorts of w.ite y gambols. There wns some thing so exceedingly startling to unac customed eyes in thus seeing play nnd danger mixed ogethcr by young girls witfi <0 rnurli reckless daring, ihat il re- quired some tune time to get nu oi a fee ing ol alarm ; but when convinced I1', it they were a l as sa'e ns if they had b»cn lying on down pillows ins'cad of transparent waves. 1 began to enjoy the scene exceedingly. — Mrs, Trullope't Travels and Travellers. The lluunsloio Inquest. — On Tues day Mr. Warren moved for a rule, calling on Thomas Wuklcy, Esq., coroner for Middlesex, to show cause why » criminal information should not be filed against , hint, nt the instance ot Dr. Warren, who i was lately surgeon of t'e 7t!i llussarc, for alleged gross conduct towards Dr. ' War eti, ipising not o' the no'orious in quest on F'cdcrick John White, 7dt 1 llussa s. Tips cnnduct, which was cal- ' cu'atcd to give gffut pain (u Dr. Warren, nnd to do grievous injury to his clta- J racier, commenced nl the time of the inquest in .lu!y last, nnd had bt-cn per se. ored in till within the last few weck». Dr. W.i roil had abstained from Inking proceedings wliil'l the rule was pending lor wlti -It M'. Wnkloy had applied I. r a c imiii.il in'iiriiiiilion 'or hb"l against the; Medical Times , lint since the discharge f tint rule Dr Warren had been in - fo tn-'d and believed tint during the time the inquest was proccrdh g, Mr. Wnklev gave instniet ons to an citnn.-ni counsel to draw and prepare the vertlirt of the jury, in which Dr. Warren nnd certain other persons were chn'ged with causing the dea lt of White, hut which lie counsel in question declined and re fused to diaw. At n public meeting held on the 1 1 lit March, to misc a sub- sorption for the two soldiers who gave evidence i-n the inquest, it u.u submitted that the conduct ot Mr. Wak'cy nt that meeting te affirmcd the whole of his previous conduct towards Dr. Warran, anil that there was evidence of n com- p'e e and systematic p'ao to injure him ; i and that this was such mi.comliict in a coton- r as the caurt .lioitld take into its co isidcration. Mr. Justice Cult- 1 ii Igc said 1 lint as regarded Mr. W.ikley's ! conduct mi the piques', the allegations j co 11 1 n i n r d no fact hut one which was not | as we I ki-o-rn to I)r. Warren in August as now. No satis'actoiy cause had been | shown for tics delay ; m irco.cr, as t 1 ; the fa. I in question, the nlii.la.it onlv I >talcl dial the drponrni hid been in - firmed hii I bo'ievc I ; anil no cspl n-a- t i '>ri h id been given why further evi dence", which might have been obtained, hi I n it l.ccn given. In an application of this so t, he was of opinion, that the court was found to icquirc the same evidence asw-ouhl jusli v » grand jury in finding a hii. The applies ion faded en i'cly on the other grounds alleged. Ru'o refused. A Icllrr finm Mr. Wak- j Icy has since appeared, nbs .luto'y and in 'ignanilv denying the tiuth of the in- . formation received bv Dr. Warren, rc- ' specting tfic api lication to rounsrl to draw up the coroner's verdict. Mr. Wakley promises that the matter shall und.rgo further inquiry — At as, (lain. don) May H. 