[?] The annual galhering"of the Clans at Inver ness was fixed to take pluco on tho 15th, 10th, and 17tli September. A. Busy Body.— An American editor says, " I have to edit my paper, keep my books for tho paper and other business, do all my out-door business, put up orders for goods, do ail my- cor- respondence, goncrally direct my papers, wait upon my customers, liavo the caro of my print ing office, saw and split my wood, make my fires, feed my -liens, instruct my children; tend babies, besides other plans and other business. With all this, and rigid economy, I hope to griin some thing when I got a good start." A Female Follower of the French Amiy.— A caniiniere, tlio wife of a sutler of one of tlie rcgi- monts, rode past us. My attention was attracted by her dross. Sho wore on lier head a sailor's old straw hat, beneath which was seen tho Jace border of a white cap. A blue jacket, fitting tightly to her form, and a petticoat of somo kind of red woollen stuff, coniplotcd her costuirio. There was a sort of coquettish smartness in everything about this woman j even down to tho littlo cask pf braii- dy, painted m tri-colored stripes, which was, slung across lier shoulder. Mr. R : observed to mo that these cantinicres aro invaluable iu tlio army. They aro for tlie most part tiie wivos of sub-oifi- ccrs. When lior husband's battalion is in gar rison, caniiniere officiates as a laundress : wlien the battalion is on tho march, slio puts on lier cos- tnmo and marches along witli it. In the event of a charge she stations herself behind tlio second platoon ; if a'square is formed she takes lier place m the centre, and, during the action, sho goes from ono wounded man to another, tendering as sistance, nnd distributing glasses of wine or bran dy. In Africa, where tlio French troops have suffered so severely, tlicso wothen have rendored signal service to humanity, and have frequently performed acts of extraordinary courage. Thero IS IIUU Ull UlllUU vi jUiTtuu "Iiu uwa iiui tlio cantiniere of that battalion. — Count St. Ma rie's Algeria, 1845. Bluciier with Buonaparte s Baooaoe. — After the battle of Waterloo Lord Hill writes to his sister : — " Yesterday 1 rodo with tho Dtike of Wellington to see Bluciier. We found tlio old marshal amusing himself with Buonaparte's hat, stars, and personal baggage, which, with his car riage, wore taken by some Prussinu cavalry. I verily believe there never was so tremendous a battle fought as that at Waterloo, and it is aston- ishing how any one could escape." Female Fondness for Red Coats. — Had tho royal army of Israel been accoutred after tho co lour and fashion of tho British battalions, I am quite satisfied that another enigma would havo been added by King Solomon to his special list of incomprehensibilities. The extraordinary fasci nation which a red coat exercises ovor tlio minds and optics of the fair sex appears to mc agreator phenomenon than any which lias been noticed oy Gootho in bis Theory of tlio Development of Colours. The same fragment of ensanguined cloth will irritate a bull, charm a viper, and bewitch the heart of a woman. No civilian, however good looking or clean limbed, nnd 1 rather piquo my self upon inv pins, lias the ghost of a chanco when opposed in tlio lists of love by an officer, a mail guard, a whipper-in, or a postman. You may be as clever a fellow as ever coopered up an article for tho magazine, as great a poet as Byron, in beauty an Antinous, in wit a Sehvyn, in ora tory a danning — you may dance like Vcstris, draw like Grant, ride like Alexander, and yot, with all these accomplishments, it is a hundred chances to one that your black coat, although fash ioned by tho shears and polished by tlie gooso of Stultz, will bo extinguished by tlio gaudy scarlet habiliments of a raw- boned ensign, emancipated six months ago, for the first time in liis life, from the wilderness of a Highland glen, and even now ns awkward a cub as cvor presumed to plunco intrt tlio oo-ll— -F n iioll.o An Assize Incident. — An amusing incident oc curred at Bristol, before Mr. Justico Erlo. An old woman nnmcd Bowels was called up to givo " evidence. When slio entered the box she desired -to know who was to pay her for her troublo. Mr. Justico Erie snid tho woman must look to tho attorney who subpoenaed her, and sho had a por- rnP money if she chose to demand it. Tho witness replied, tliat sho had been in attendance six days, and lier claim was 2s. 6d. per day, and sho would rather bo paid beforo she gayo evidence. His lordship smiled and said, Well, you havo a right to sav so." Tlio attor ney gavo her a sovereign, upon which sho deli berately took her purse from her pocket and de livered him 5s., the amount of tho chango. Tlio coolness and presence of mind displayed bv tho oia lady created a good deal of laughter.— Edin burgh Evening Post. Dangerous Good-Nature.— While Lord Hill resided at Wcstbournc-liouso he united, as much as possible, the enjoyments of tlie country witli tho business of Ins command. II e was most good- natured to his Paddington neighbours, and ready to plcuso everybody whom ho could. One day. to grntffy an officer ho had known in tlie penin sula, ho actually allowed his own carriage to bo attached to a steam coach, in which his gallant acquaintance took a great intorest. Unluckily however, the engineer made too fine a turn round a corner,, and the carriage and its contents were sent over a hedge into a field ; luckily his lordship and companions escaped injury, and the news papers nover heard of tho accident. An Edinburgh Genius.— A house-painter and glazier in Edinburgh, having become convinced that ho was at. the very top of his profession, and « ii 4 "? .mP.ro t0 k's stock of knowledge in .Aiild Reekie, took it into his head tho other rjisit to.Ita'y» and have a personal inspection of. the performances of the great Italian painters. Before leaving he callod upon a friend in the Iligh-street, and announced his intention at tho head o houso- pamting m Embro', and can iearn nae mair here'; so I rim just on my way to O' Italy, to seo what can bo F)ad® 0 . kpn>.. ...Commending his. resolution, Sh I think y/r'o right, after a ; but when ye are at it, I would strongly recommend a visit at passing to the fila cers of Switzerland. " J A Smuooleu wonTn Four Millions of Money ! I hero lives in Silesia a' peasant, named Gud- ulln, as he was briefly called. He was forriierly a smuggler. One day the custom-house ofK were m .pursuit of him, and having fired tho nh Lpff'L through iris right arm, which was. a? amputated. Gudullii, forced to re sort to another calling, established himself in a village called Rifa. Whad only been the£ a few days before his fortune turned, arid he had ndMnr ,of dl.scovering.a valuable zincmino, call ed Mary s Mino, .and it has now bcaome ono of tlio most profitable zinc mines of any in Europo. towork hUH1"® asked and obtained permission to woik his discovery, this peasant, who can nei ther read nor, write is now in possession of a for- tuiio estimated at 30,008,000 of thalors, or about i ?-f,pou.nd? sterling. Gudulla is un- marriod, and likewise being a foundling, having no relations or offspring, Ae. whole of'this im- wfn according to the Prussian laws, inilr +Ln T-1? -g -?f puss,ia" During his recent tour, King visited Gudulla, who felt highly hifZa A J-8lt; ho is in good kealtf for ago being upwards of sixty years of Hodaijt Town ;-Priut«a and Published iijr'tho Proprietor lme"8 r,8i\,nt tl10 "Db'tannia" Offico, Collins- street! (where all Adtertlsciqcuts and Communications "port-po/rf" ... "0/.,' b MBt' 5 'nd EdU ofLirer. 