MISCELLANEOUS. MATRIMONIAL TETE-A-TETE.-Wife-" You know, Bob, Tm driv to drinkin-you stops avay, veek after veek, and leaves me without a crum of wittles." Bob-" Vot a precious lie ; didn't I buy you a leg of pork, and two pound of prime sassiges-so vot call have you got, for to go for to say as hever I starved you ?" Wife-" Yes, you did buy a leg of pork, but that vos three veeks ago, on our vedding day ; and as for the two pound of sassinges, wee eat 'em all up for breakfast the wery next morn ing." Bob-" Well, Poll, go down on yer two precious knees, and take yer blessed oath as yer will jine the Temperance Society, and I j vont vollop yer." Wife-" I'll do it, Bob, and ! veleome, if vou'll make the same wow." Bob ¡ -" Well. Ol just turn the consarn over in my j mind-suppose ve makes this little row up ¡ over a 4 k'vartern,' and jine the society after- j wards." j CHARITY IN JUDGMENT.-It behoves us ! always to bear in mind that, while actions are j always to be judged by the immutable standard of right and wrong, the judgments which we pass upon men must be qualified by considera tion of age, country, situation, and other ac cidental circumstances; and it will then be fsund that he who is most charitable in his judgment is generally the least uniust. " Southey." REVERSES OF FORTUNE.-Reverses of for tune might be far more easily supported if they did not entail, as their inevitable conse quences, the association with those all of whose habits, tastes, and opinions run in a new and different channel. It is a terrible aggravation to the loss of those comforts which habit has rendered necessary, to unlearn the usages of a certain condition, and adopt those of a class beneath us ; or, what is still worse, engage in the dailv. hourlv conflict between our means j and our requirements.. "The Knight of Gwyune," Part 10. j STEEPLE-CHASING.-Steeple-chasing, if duly carried out, is to proper bold riding what fool hardiness is to courage, lt proves nothing except that the chaser Ls in desperate want of a sensation, or the credit of it ; and that he has brains not so much worth taking ca<e of as those of other men. Danser for danger's sake is senseless. Besides, the horse is worth something; and one has no rürkt to crash and mash it tn a pit on the other side of a wall, even with the chance of being re tributively kicked to death in its company. Did you ever he-r this patient and noble creature scream for anguish ? It is one of the ghastliest and most terrific ot sounds, one of the most tremendous, even on a field of battle ; and depend upon it, you will catch no old soldier risking the sound. If you do, he will be no Uncle Toby, or Major Bath, or tin " Iron Duke" himself, but some brazen, faced simpleton, with no more brains in his head J than his helmet. Atlas. I LIME ANO RATS.-A. gentleman in this city, who had occasion to use considerable lime about his premises, which had hit-cito been much infested with rats, informed us that these destructive ver min had suddenly ceased to appear or annoy him. " Before using the lime," said he, ' you could scarcely walk aCtoss the yard after night without treading on them." He showed us se ver» I of their principal holes, around which he had deposited a stria 1 portion of fresh unslackened lime, which evi den ly had the effect of driving them from these places, which they before resorted to in great num bers. The above is a simple and eheap method of getting rid of this annoying and destructive pest. -American Sun. J BOYS* HEABTS AND GIRLS' BEAU rr.-The hearts ' of boys resemble blades of straw hanging upon the ; bushes, and the beauty of :he girls, the wind which .' carries them ali in its tram. \- A ta/trica n writer. I j FRIENDSHIP.-It is with many friend» as with! ; the teeth, when the enamel wean off they begin I : to gire pain. 1 TBK UNNAMED PLANET.- \ Cambridge paper sa ja that (be unnamed planet, though three tbaasaada millions of miles «litt«ni, possesses, evenest that dis, tance, a strong loci I interest. A GOOD OpronntMTV.->A person who a«I*ertis>w in a morning paper for a clerk, holds out ibis iwravc«. menl--A email salary will be given, bal be «sill have enough of overwork to make ap for the de. ficienay." LOVE OF GARDENS - It has been remarked thai the only person who ever ezprensed a dislike of « garden crap tbe ghost of Hamlet's father, and he Lal especial reasons for being dissatisfied with each . locality. 