THE COTJNT OF MODENA. [From the Dublin University Magazine.'] Before the first trench lievolution, there was among the noblemen attached to the household of 'Monsier' (afterwards Louis XVIII.) a certain Count of Modena, an intelligent and truthful man. for whom the Prince entertained a cordial regard. Perceiving him, during the summer of 1 788, to be overwhelmed with a profound melancholy, very foreign to his natural character, and which the lapse of several months did not seem to diminish, Louis One day took the opportunity, being alone with him in the garden, to ask the cause of his dejection, ac companying the inquiry with the warmest assurances of his own readiness to do whatever might be in his power to remove it. Modena gazed on the Prince for some moments with a troubled look, and at last muttered, in a hollow voice — 'I am a fool!' Louis, however, continuing to press him, he at length acknowledged that he was tormented by a frightful dream, which returned every night. As soon as he began to yield to the approaches of sleep, he said he felt himself tossed about in his bed, as by invisible hands, and then came hideous images, thronging around him, and by no effort of his mind to be banished. ' I swim,' said he, ' in blood — the stroke of death is ready to descend upon me : to evade it, I flee to the ice that accumulates around the north pole, and often seem to myself to be lying on a bed of roses at St. Petersburg, yet without any respite from the horrors that vex my imagination. If these fearful visions,' proceeded the count, with a stifled voice, had reference to me alone, I would let them pass — I would not give them a waking thought ; but — they involve all that I hold most sacred on earth.' ' Explain yourself,' said the Prince. 'The king,' answered Modena, — 'the queen, your illustrious family.' ' And what then of me ?' asked Louis. ' You, Sir, also appear to me, but always as if en circled with a halo of light ; you swim, as I do, on the stream of blood, but we are separated from each other by the force of the current, and land on shores lying wide, wide asunder.' The count declared again and again that these dreams visited him every night, and confessed that they gave him the deeper uneasiness, from the con nexion in which they stood with a circumstance of his earlier life. His mother had been a Christian and charitable lady, who personally tended the poor of her own neighbourhood, and administered to their relief. Among these was a poor man, an Italian by birth gloomy and taciturn of disposition, named Jacobi who never appeared at any rural festival or merry' making of the district, never took part in processions or religious solemnities, nor entered the church doors. He was avoided by his neighbours, who looked on him as a sorcerer, and in league with evil spirits ; other dealers with the powers of dark ness were believed to visit him from time to time ; even demons were said to be among his habitual guests, and it was affirmed as an undoubted fact, that he travelled every Saturday night to the witch sabbath — a point in which the good country people, we should think, were under a mistake, as that sb emnity is avouched by the highest demonological au thorities to have been held on the night of Friday. Be that as it may, every thunder-storm, every shower of hail, every calamity that befel either the cattle or the fruits of the earth, was set down to Jacobi's ac count ; and the villagers could not comprehend the compassion of the Countess of Modena for so exe crable a being, nor the motives which could induce her to include him among the objects of her benefi cence. She, however, was not to he deterred from doing good, even to one so evil-reputed ; and when he be came bedridden, she obliged her servants, notwith standing their decided repugnance, to carry him food and other necessities, and in the evening visited his hut herself. One evening, a thunder-storm of ex traordinary violence hindered her to make her usual visit ; towards ten o'clock, an inexplicable impulse drove her, earlier than usual, to her chamber ; here her disquiet increased, a sense of oppression and nameless dread pursued her, and she felt constained to kneel down at her little chamber altar, and to pray fervently to God. While she prayed, two distinct knocks were given at the door of the antechamber, Which she had full in her view ; the place where she knelt was perfectly dark, but in her antechamber was a candlestick with two wax lights, so that she could see any one coming in, without being herself seen. The knock was strange to her; it was not the way in which any one of the family or the household knocked ; nevertheless, she called out, half involun tarily and with a secret fear, ' Come in !'* The door was opened, and, with altered features, wild, terrible, ghastly, Jacobi entered. With a slow, firm dread, he passed through the antechamber, and stood on the threshold of the oratory, as if he saw the countess — ' Madame,' he began, ' my hour is come ; you will see me no more. Your goodness to me has given you a title to my gratitude, and I am come, before I go to the place where I must dwell for ever, to thank you for your charitable deeds. In me you did good to a poor man, yet not to one who is without the power of showing his sense of obligation. Your son (here he named the young countf by his Christian name) shall receive timely warning of the evil that is coming upon France, and, if he be wise, will be able to escape before the day of destruction dawns. Fare well, madame! he who conducted me hither, and who waits for me on the stairs, has no time to lose, and I have now only to say that I am your servant.' Jacobi disappeared ; in the same moment a blind ing flash of lightning, followed on the instant by a terrific thunder-clap, took place, and the countess fainted. The first intelligence she received on coming to herself was that Jacobi's hut had been set on fire by the lightning, and his body was nowhere to be found. Louis, who, at that period of his life, was, on the whole, rather inclined to believe too little than too much, said, when he had heard this story to the end, ' Well, count, I can only hope that your hypochon dria will soon pass off, and that if ever you do go to Russia, it will not be as an exile and a fugitive, but as ambassador of his majesty the reigning King of France and Navarre.' It turned out as the Prince said, though not as he meant. During the revolution, Modena found an asylum at St. Petersburgh, where he fulfilled a diplo matic charge, conferred on him by Louis. The foregoing is abridged from the Soirees de S. M. Louis XVIII., recuilles el mises en odre par Jil. le Due de * *, a work published about ten years ago, at Paris. The circumstances are there given as related by Louis himself. It is obvious that the author, or collector, of the ' Soirees' is in a better position than the bulk of his readers to pronounce whether the narrative was taken from the king's lips or not, and that if ' M. le due de * *' had given his name, we should be better able to judge of the de gree of credit to be given to what he tells us. At the same time, there is no denying the possibility, not to say extreme probability, of the facts related. The French revolution was an event of which the devil knew, no doubt, long before it came to pass. It seems pretty certain that we have not the facts, in all respects, exactly as they happened. Louis XVIII. was n man of too fine a sense of the becom ing to make a ghost, though the ghost of a necro mancer, talk anything but the veiy politest French, especially to a lady ; and thus we find Jacobi ad dressing the Countess of Modena as ' madame,' not permitting himself the liberty of theeing and thouing her, and taking his leave at last with the profession of being 'her servant; all which, as the reader versed in pneumatology needs not to be told, is clean against the ways of the invisible world. See, for instance, with how little regard to conventionalities the ' fair youth' accosted the Princess Papantzin, and how particularly plain- spoken, the angel was in his communications to Charles IV. 