REVD2W. m ' Reminiscences of Australia, with Hints on the Squatter'» Life. By CHBIÍTOPHIR PEMBER TON HODGSON. London : W. N. Wright, 1846, pp.viii., 367. A Map, and a view of the Camp at Dried Beef Creek. , , ', THIS book is, as has been,; said elsewhere, uorûtlets, io far as solid information goes (and bo one ought to .write on Australia^ except to Convey solid information) ; "and were "it not, un- fortunately, in some respecta a mischievous book, it would have- passed unnoticed by us. It may be considered a mere waste of time to (oint out absurdities which "the world" would perhaps not hear of, except from the critic. But, nevertheless, when a man perpe- trates such a book, and when that book pro- fesses to detail a part of his private experience and habits of life ; moreover, when it is ad- dressed to such persons as may be in part pre- vented, through its statements, from coming into the country,-it ceases to be harmless and to have claims to lenient treatment. It be- comes in that case dangerous and an impostor, and ought to be dealt with according to critical law. We have no compunction, then, in deal- ing out to the author of auch a work his modioum of praise, or what he may deem his superfluity of censure : for if weighed in the balance and found wanting, he has no right to Other reception. Mr. Hodgson dedicates his hook to Mr. Lynd, and to his brother Squatters; and the reader is informed, in the Preface, that it is not "presented to him from any sense of its merits, but with a hope that some useful hints may be gleaned to Vie future emigrant's advantage. " " As it would," he saya. '? be an unheard of circum- stance for a traveller, who has doubled both Capes, who has passed over places scarce known ,%tnio man, not to favour the world with an ac- count of what he has met with-I shall, to upe a colonial expression, ' chance it,' and trust myself to your mercy." Again, he says, " if it had not been from my anxiety to oblige you I should have tarried awhile to re-arrange my Scattered reminiscences of Australia, amid the elegancies of my earlier home " It is a pity he did not act on this better judgment : for " the world" careth little about the obligation, and less about any other motive -for if all who have " doubled both Capes" Were to inflict upon " .he world" volumes such as this, we shrewdly suspect that " the world" would be soon weary of them. But, if in good taste, if containing anything for which . the World' could be debtor, there would be a chance of redemption. As the case now is, what with slang, low wit, bad grammar, and worse composition, it is a sorry bargain to pay half a sovereign for. A farthing a page for such waste paper is an extravagance. But we said the book is mischievous. Take the contents of the second and third of theao pages Farewell Sydney ! Thy climate ¡a thy sole recommen- dation ; thy wantef «rater, uncertainty of seasons, thy barren waites and sandy deserts, thy bar- harbour, and Coral reefs ara but natural enemies Thou hast a far nore grievous one in thyself; tby hospitality only to ''deceive, thy marlee, thy cunning and plausible delight in deceiving the unsuspecting, thy evident recklessness Of being considered a rogue,-are but the true charac- teristics of thy Inhabitants. What is the answer to these charge« r I will repeat one I actually heard from n Wealthy and arrogant grandee ; " I came out here with the sole desire of accumulating riches; I left all for one (rand object; and, as long as I am gaining mv end, I pay little regard to the means of attaining it." This is Syd- ney!-this is the land colonised by men imbued with English feelings, and educated with English ideas of justice and right 1-this is the land to which the honour. «ble merchant of England consigns Ms costly cargoes, and, did h « know the full amount of practised vlllany, he would blush nt the idea of such a connexion. But the wily man of business assumes a double face ; to keep up hi* credit at home he sacrifices all, indiscri- minately, out here to his deceit, and by prompt and punctual returns com inces the English merchant that he must be an exception to the general rule, and is ac- cordingly invested with the means of repeating his former hne of conduct on an improved scale. To make up for this abuse of the Sydney merchants, he next, what he would call, soaps the squatters, of whom he was one ! Squatters, who are generally allow ' *' be the aris- tocracy of the colony,-the unfortunate victiiris oi mer- chant, tradesman, and labourer, hare the still small Voice of conscience always at hand to advise them, and geldom do they err. The knowledge of their being a superior caste, their pride being to act after that know- ledge, though their aim is the same, are the general .principles on which they take their stand. At the present moment they are about to be crushed by an ine- vitable aud unexpected blow. It is not enough that they ' tie victimized by three classes of society; another Which has, by the voice of its director, admitted their superiority, and which might have spared them yet a little longer, pounces with fury on their hard earned and ever doubtful proliU, and, instead of helping the drowning man as he is rising for the last time, gives him a sudden push, wliich naught but the special interposi- tion of Providence can cuaulo him to recover from. Poor mortal 1 knowing the life you bava to lead, the diflicul ties. privations, hardships, absence of all society, where scarcely ever the sweet smile of woman is seen, or the taerry voice of children heard, as a brother squatter I can i condole with you, and nish you a happy escape from «11 ' your dangers. Cease thy iron rule, mother England ; spare tby rising progeny yet awhile; let the immigra- tion be suflicieut for the increase of stock ; let the rate of wages be determined by the steady influx of labour, and then you may be doing a kindness, while at present you only add oil to the tire. Many a fine follow, edu * cated at the tint establishments in England, nursed in «very luxury, and endowed with the noblest principles, Under false hopes raised hy falser representations, his been seduced from the endearments of home, from the gentle love of an affectionate parent, or the sott smiles of a doating sister, to undergo a temporary exile pre naratoryto the gaining of an imaginary independence, foor deluded man! how quickly changed are your hopes I Would you have lett »hose happy scenes, that bo} hood's home, the land w hero thy fathers dwolt, lud the future been spread betöre you ' How pleasant was thy r*851^8 ou' ' with what rapture did you behold the (bores of Africa, or the remote islands ol St Paul s and Amsterdam ! Aud with what indescribable surprise did the magnificent harbour of feydney burst upon you The flag ot England flouted on many a mast and Ula «onodouthe batteries The city surpissod your ex. pectations, the solitary spire of St James seemed a pro iidiug geo"18, *tnu tne hrst impression, generally most Utting, was Uvou-able. But the skill ia alongside, it glides through the busy Co»e, it reaches the stairs, and one irlams dictates, and cann >t lad to recul, that beau- tiful line, " How qui lily lade our fairy dreams " An aiserauhge of dirty, Lair drunk, half cUd being,, pounce Upon you, offering io ease you ot the trouble ol being JeUr own porter Fearful to gl\e offence, you accept their proffered services, and with rapid stride and rubí. OUni countenance, the en» y of the palo laced bjdney ' »well, you direct your guide to Petty s Hotel Mining witUned your hunger with the delicacies of the teason, and impressed with the idea thit sorutthwg good is to ba obtained lu the «atable Une, you walk oat to hoiuie Gentlemen in htraw hats, as broad as uuginatiou could Janey, in Parramatta coats, and corduroy inexpressibles, ^ la the tip-top of tifchion and perfection, torm an elegant " medley, and blended îndiscriiniu^tcly with the descrip- tive costumes of conrict, police, bullock-drh er, sailor, Soldier, tie, they excise admiration by their unwouted variety A continued stroll takes you along George.stroet, the houses of which are regular, and chiefly the property of Itspectable tr&dcktnen; At ever corner ot the cross Strees, which intersect it at right angles, the badge ot (freedom, >u the khape of a black jupe, is seen project los from between the mustachoed lip and grizxly beard Of its proprietor, and the easy air with which the smoker smokes reminds you forcibly of our national < A . Ï I ,,' 4(| l.J «tu lins,M Britons never, never, will be llaves," unless it be to their own propensities and desire*. In elegant disor- der, and at stated dlstanoei on either aide, appear sundry public carriages, exported originally for private use. and the benefit of the aristocracy, but which by a concatena- tion of events, and the depression of the times, have de- scended to the humiliating position of being "licensed vohlclas" A sigh would naturally escape from any 'man when contemplating this Ticissitude of fortune, but whether one of pity or not depends much on the' feelings of The contemplater. On mine, hard-hearted man, they carne not with overwhelming regret; »smile curled on the Up when I knew that many ot the fair ladles they were originally destined to convoy, had in their day been glad to walk unshackled and free,-when the most dashing equipment was proved to be that of a doubly convicted felon, t could not sigh over the ruins, and lud Marins been olive, his susceptible heart would not have given way to those tender emotions, to which the sight of the ruins of Carthage are said to hare given rise The length of the street, the brilliant display in the stores, the macadamised road, the total absonce of beggars, the elastic step, the consequential yet rather, impudent air, the varied dress of the majority of the passers-by, ore quickly remarked ; the eager walk, the knocking-you.down pace, the calculating eye, the se- rious and long face are all subjects of study. This motley group and variety of circumstances, perhaps un- expected, leave you in doubt whether or not your walk down George-street has git en you a pleasant Impression or otherwise; tar wliile there is abundant room for admiration, there still seems much ground for merri ment aud ridicule I A considerable portion of the first part of the book is taken up with reflections on the conditions of different classes of immigrants, and the way in which they should endeavour to proceed on first arriving. He then describes the first journey of the " new chum," whose bush education is commenced in an imaginary dia- logue with an " old hand," whoso lectures, something like Mrs. Caudle's, are ineeasant, and on all possible subjects. The following is a fair sample of the descrip- tive patts of the '. Reminiscences :" A stretcher, which I have so often found to be the most comfortable bed In the world, is, from its sim plicity, worthy of description four upright posts, about Í8 inches long, support two stroug horizontal bars, 7 feet long ; each of the two posts are united at tholr contre by an iron pin, and the bars morticed into them at a short distance from the head; a piece of strong camas is then nailed to each side of tho bars, and extended as far as the angle from the centre of the posts will permit; thus the bushmen's bedstead is con- structed, and if broken, easily replaced When more guests require beds than there are beds for thora, the mattress is removed from the stretcher and laid on the floor ; its absence is scarcely notlcod, as the canvas is pliant and soft Aroused in the morning at sunrise your first object is to discover whether your horse is visible or not, for unless the feed is adapted to the animal's taste and ideas, an unlucky fit of roaming allures him on, till pcrliaps many a mile inters eu.es between the spot where he was left overnight and where he is to be found in tho morning On being discovered, the conviction of having behaved uncourteously dictates to ids conscious ears an erect position, and, after a snort in token of recognition, he sets off as fust as a pair of fettered legs will enable him, laughing at the attempt« of the pursuers, who, with bridles in hand, are not very good huraouredly doing all in their power to circumvent him; at last they succeed, and a few hearty tun's inflicted with a heartier good will, in time prove a wholesomoproeutivo to a recur- rence of such conduct. A thorough good bush horse, unless he is a regular deep old villain, will never stiav out of sight, provided his master is kind and considerate, and by a few friendly signs and proper attentions, proves that ho has a careful regard for the dumb animal which is to convey him yet many a long mile, some old horses, accustomed toan old master, will stand still on hearing the woll known voice ; some will eton hobble to meet him, while, even if a stranger attempts to catch lum, he will probably take it into his head " to giv e him a run for it " The "new chum' it generally employed by a gentle hint in collecting the animals, and as he must receive an initiation into the principles of a bush- education, It is but meet that the practical part of the business should fall to Iii» share Keturned to the hut, he finds a substantial bieakfnst laid out, consisting of mutton hams, eggs, chops, bread and butter in profusion; and when the mcUis concluded incomes the tobacco, and out goes the smoke Ofeourso in different establishments there are diffe- rent degrees of refinement ; some stiU presen e old Eng. lisli habits, other« again ni e content with any thine that is Bet before thom, some préféra plate and knife and fork, teapot and teacup, wheaten bread and comfort; others would not domeun themsclvps by such an exten sivo and wanton display oi unnecessary furniture, but seizing the lump of beef in one hand und the damper in the other, " üst it, with aU the appetite they wero wont to enjoy at the table of their fathers, proving the tem porary falsity of the proverb,allum non ammunt matant qui trans mare currtmt A tin quart pot lull of tea to be re-divided into a tin pint is quaffed with greater relish by some, than when the same liquid is presented to them in beautiful white china; but a gradual improve, ment is tikmg place in the domestic comforts of the squatter, tables arc more generally seen than bloeks, and chairs than boxes or chests , and it is a grateful and pleasing thought, that tlus improvement is owing to the arrival of ladies and respectable females, who by cir cumstanccs, %nd for economv, are obliged to make the wilds a temporary residence, and to whom old Icehngs of regard and respect tor the sjäx prompt us to pay that attention they hine been accustomed to demand and expect It is generill) paid with pleasure, and, as on their journey to their on n homes, they are necessitated to rest at several huts, where bachelors alono are, gal- lantry and common civility would be sufficient induce, meats to make the reooption as agreeable as possible, since the honour would bo perhaps denied a second time, if such opportunities fur silo» big how w elcoms their visit was, wero neglected It is an event of great bustle and import ince, and so it ought to be Es. cortedby many a jolly squatter irom station to station, the cavalcade is received at each by its proprietor, not in shirt and trousers, but in polished boots and " Parra, matta coat, with a courtly bow he assists his fair \isl toi to dismount, and after conducting her to the most retired room, and leering her to the care ot his maid servant, w hile tlio refreshing ablutions, &c; , are per. formed, ho returns to entertain the rest, till the an. nouncement is mado tliat the lady is readv for dinner. All are happy, graced by such an unusual ornament, mino host id all assiduity and attention, and, to use a colonial phrase, " thinks no small beer of himself ' the rough habits, too prevalent, are laid aside and as much decorum and propriety observed as could be expected in the drawuig r joms of civilised and excellent socloty, proving that " what is bred hi the boue will not come out ol tlio flesh Certainly men muit smoke, l e bush ni«» must indulge in their luxurious habit, it being as natural to thim ab the chibouquo to tho Turk, and therefore after dinner a line is marked out, beyond which they cannot pass till the grateful treat has Deen satisfactorily discussed. Yarns, jokes, neighbours' afTnrs,scandal, und songs, alternately »ary the evenings amusement, many a retrospective glance is directed to scenes ot home and infancy, and if we may take the M vid recollections and the patriotic feelings ot the squatters, as a sample of the exile's love for his country, the idea nat wall) forced upon the mind is, tliat old Britain is more prized and beloved by its absentees, than by its ru.hu and " stuj-it home with.us ' inhabi- tants The lady requiring rest, retires early and leaves the company to piau>e her manifold cluuuis and elegan- cies The distinctionhetweon ladies and "respect- able females"-the escort of these personages by " jolly squatters," NOT IV SHIRT AND TBOU. 8BKS, but m pAi&hed; booti and Parramatta coat " the yarns, jokes, neighbours' affairs, scandal and sougb" with which they art regaled lu the evening, are quite on a par with " the lump of beef m ona hand and the damper in the other," and give no doubt a flattering proof to people at home, that ii such be ' Squatters, who are generally allowed to be the aristocracy of the colony "-and if Sydney nlso be what it is j described, he or she must be mad, who would I venture to exchange home comfort und home / honesty for such a den of iniquity as Mr. Hodgson represents us as inhabiting. j i But we hope, he does not know what he j 1 writes about It may be harmless to rave sentimental nonsense about " the ichoiag waves ¡ of the beauteous cove" (sa if waves tould ; a rv* M: ' ï*i * * ; '! - - - - j .¿^Byïbmttodoieribe ^' idtti of English bah «M*«," reduced tobe labourers (p. 19) even if through their own faults, is more than harm .loss. Again what a defence for dirt and nutinessis contained in this illustration of /beard«.- - - < ? The]beard anfl moustache aro immediately allowed ' ti grow, and much attention paid to the cultivation of those manly ornaments, the beauty and elegance of which ofton causes the fairer sex to wonder at their not ?belnrtnuchmore generally ndoptctl and patronised.. Surely 'tis a distinguishing brand 'tvvixt malo and female ; and by w lint law, savo that foolish one of custom and fashion aro beards forbidden t The He- brews, a nation of God's own peculiar care, rovellcd in tho enormity of that appendage. The heathens and ancients had such regard for it, that any one who was in danger of lils life lind but to touch it, nnd he in- curred the anger of Jove if ho resisted the suppliant's entreaty. Our own forefathers rejoiced in the "grltzly beard and thick moustache," and .ire wc degenerated ? The virtue ot Samson'« strength was contained in his vow of remaining unihorn ; and shall modern Deli- lah« persuade us to give up our vigour to their fanci- ful ideas of elegance? No, rather let it lie n crime to abuse our Maker's gift,-rather lot every thing be lost before we resign our manly right» ; and until our lady-loves refuse to kiss us through such a rough bar- rier, (in which case alone I admit obedience is lawful and perhaps tu bu forgiven) remain as nature formed us, This short npnstropho in favour of a trusty re- spected friend ia dictated by an affectionate desire for it» being revived ; at tho sume time, I would lccom xnend all " benrdics" who arc addicted to lnrgo pota- tions of soup and other liquids, lobe provided with a clean handkerchief to remove any superfluity thatmny adhere to their lips, for oftentimes a poi tion of what was originally intended for the gratification of tim Íialato, and the alleviation of a hungry appetite, is eft to flow on in an undisturbed stream, und waste its powers on tlio matted hair. Comfort and case ai o tho general orders of the da j, and in this warm yet beautiful climate, with the thermometer at BO- in tho shade, and no restraint, it is not to be wondered at, "for who would furdels bear, to grunt and sweat" under such a life, if he could do without them. Who would put on a gi cat coat when he found a plain unstarched shirt moro desirable f Whoever would, in my opinion cun have no regnid for the first low of nntuie-self. We moy pass over the account of the business of the farm, &c;, as all has been said before in the various publications, with which "the world " has already been oppressed, to allude to two other subjects, the treatment of tho blacks, and the conduct of the clergy We have marked one question b> italics, to show what u the feeling of a squatter ? I cannot revert to the mipcrablo state, the brutish character of the aborigines, without p iinfulieflcctions, while I admit tho futilit) ot most utumptu to Uach thim tho ouc thing nccdtul fiom au obstinate )ct ficrhaps priifoworthy attachment to their j rexent inhits I must not pass over the uuchrUti in nci.li.ct which has over been exercised townrds thom Who has ever taken the trouble to learn theil lnnc,mge or having succeeded so f ii, to pénétrât the deep veil of mystery that hangs over their ceremonies 1 Who has ever, by kindness or persuasion, X>\ reason or nrgu mont, by evidence 01 uuthorlt), endeavoured to win their affections and nctunte them m the pursuit of knowledge! What Christian minister has c\or been zealous enough to uiilo« k and unravel the chains that bind them ! Tho task has been vainly began by a few fellow beings who tike n delight in such noble cm ploymcnt but who even then has followed it up 1 Who would not rafVr put a ball in tlieir hearts to rut themselves of their cenmomals andprcsence at once 1 It Is a grievous reflection that n country idtocating the promotion of the Christian Gospel to tori iga lands should have such thoughtless such eonardly suppor- ters und S]>cciinciis in u scene where their exertions were so eminently intended to be useful and praise- worthy , and it is a real pit), that from unkind treat- ment, and the example of such ministers tho prepos- session ngainst thom is so fatal to the cause " I haie known stations se tied upon by the proprietors, of which ii tens enacted that the ap- pearance of a black should be his death war *rant." p. 80 It is only justice to tho author, to say he advocate* the interests of the sable race, and not their destruction, but if such things occur, as he has described on his own know- ledge, the squatters ha ve much toanBwerfor, be- sides their beards, their jokes their nakedness, their independence, and their want of ti ives. This latter point the author represents as a great evil, and has some sensible, reflections on the advantage of matrimon) in the bush, as the pioneer of regularity, order and religion , but he immediately reverses the picture by such tirades at the following My old comrades, may Providence guide and notice yon in your ndv entui ous c tiling The squatter has lils pleasures nnd borrows A young min unmur ried, lins no caro but the piospLiity of lils station, is jovial with company bee uise there is i mutunl desire for amusement is lund of fun because he seldom has an opportunity of enjoying hiinicll, improves himself, because he finds it nn aimable employment con fines himself to his own home because lie knows no oncean better take care ni his property mid be more anxious for his own welfaictlun himself Thus he* mny be a. happy min, and ought to be if ho knows the termination of his own exile, in i tile end of his priva- tions I Further on we read as follows .-" Squat tere are men, not women, though devotedly attached to the latter as a body. Squatters are men who Uve a temporary life of hardship and privation, with the hopes of gaming an inde- pendence. Squatters wjrk- they hup not, they faint not, and hope keeps them alive, the future spurs them on to exertion, aman muBtnot look on ana bite his nails if he wants to pros- per, he must keep his w eather eye open, look out for squalls, haul taught, and belay in time." Having now found out by Mr. HodgBon's help what a squatter is, we may try and dis- cover what a Mo.eton Bav clergyman is, ac- cording to the same authority. I must say i few words ah mt our Church manage- ment, in the wild bush partitulnrly Our district wag first settled upon in 1840 rrom that period up to the date of my leaving it in 181J, a Protestant clergyman had actually visitai u» once, h id made ii tour uouml many of the st itions had min îcd one or tvv o couples, and christened one or two infants Never again since has a munster ot the Church oi longland boen ainoncst us , ind I doubt if ever ho will unless it is to fill his pockets by persuasive iippeils It is a truly disgrace lui fact, th it the bleLpy delcnders and advocates of our filth will look upon tho zealous efforts of their 1'apist int igonists without feeling nnv of their ardour, or endeavouring to counteiatt the evils they may dis- seminate We hnvo u ihm Ji utMoreton Biy, for tno stippoi t of which cvciy squatter readily contributed Ins annual subsci lption, under the belief that his sta tion would he JI no but owing to tlu- luke«aim spirit manifested in byd. my for the c use, the squittci!, have ltcome disgusted at their treat ncnt, ind Invcvcry gcner-illy withdrawn thoir support. At nearly every cutiullshment there ore families and of coursn parents ne desirous of having their children chustuicd 1 et 1 hive known a minister within fifty miles of t le 6t ition, refuse or neglect to 1,0 and officiate on such an oec ision I hnvo known u minister ng lin, gallop through the service us fast is he could, ind when ltvvts concluded turn upon his heel und say, " lh ci es one more sntiou settled " It is n »haine in a eountiywhcre n hgion has leon s > little thought of- vvheic the presence of a clergy man is so peculHt ly required-vvlieie he is Bure to be wcl I coined and respectfully entertained-and wlure his i exe-tions would be giatefullv ocknowlcdgcd, and his I toils handsomely remunerated-that there is no one to I strengthen, exhort or cheer min by proclaiming the | gild tidings of salvation on repentinec Tlureisno j pi ice in the world peril ipe better adapted for the con I vi i non oi a sinner than the bush \lonc for wee] », -i i min must meditate ind ea't many a rétrospective I j. ani e to by gone diys-to years of sin ind vv eked. j v »s, of folly and misspent time lie htars of religion and his Bible, hut never meets with a professor of the one, or an expositor of the other Ile feels remorse and sorrow for his past life-wishes to reform, bat knows not how-ana all the (rood resolutions ho has framed, are forgotten at the first public-house Now, a respectable minister, who will zealously engage in tho task, and converse kindly with the men, will ever reap an abundant han cat of gratification to himself, ana goodwill to his profession Ho will wean many from their Seducing enemy, and strengthen others in their wavering principles Oh 1 TCS , it is a great shame that we have no proper persons to preach Jesus Christ in the wilderness, mid to remind mun that his gravers will bo as acceptable when made in the ruda ark hut, or under the vault of heaven, as ever they could be if made in tho noblest cathedral» It isnot in our districts nlono that this neglect is felt there is no resident clergyman above Scono on the Hunter Uiver , andover a distance of H00 miles there has seldom, if ov or, been heard tht v oico of a preacher I have mot Koinan Catholic priests all over the coun- try-they arc always on the wing-itinerant ministers. And what le the stylo of person wowuiltr n gentleman, yet one who would ride from station to station, an ex- ample of inoralit), nud a patient expounder of the Woril I am Kind of being able to sa), that public worship is porfornicd nt man) pi iv ato establishments in our district, and tho bush general!) Mastrrs collect together as many of their men as possible on the Sab- bath, and read tho prayers to them fcometlme» ndding a short sermon the men aro guierally attentive, listen with pic tsurc, and the muster ¡rains respect and trtdit by his exertions Can men who have fi oin their carliostinfaney been re- ligiously educated, or who from mere oust nn have im- bibed a lol c for the performante of divine service, ina moment forget their old habits t Jso the Snbbath is respected bj the squatters , no unnecessary work is done , and it is a day on which all appear ctrtssed in clean garments ,-cleanliness is nevt to godliness, and were the lattei pleached moro 7c ilously and frc quenUy, tho manners lives, and behaviour of tho wild buslimcn would be vnstly ameliorated I am truly glad to admit, that temperance is fast gaining strength everywhere 'Tis impossible to describo the feelings, the anxiety, with which n mnn awaits tho opening of a letter bag We are sorrj to say, we do not credit nil that Mr. Hodgson has though? fit to publish to '. the world" of his clergyman, and we only hope that he or some one else, who, whether he bites his nails or not, knows how to "haul taught," will enquire into the matter. The author tells us, " I formed an attach- ment to botany and geology, and in the study and pursuit alter my adopted loves, I wiled away hours so gratefully and amusingly, that on my return from raony a solitny ramble, I was astonished to hear others lamenting the difficulties they wero enduring, and that neither sleep nor smoke m any quantity co aid dissipate the ennui which hovered over them." p. 127. " My own employment and study, as I stud, when not otherwise engaged, was botany and geology, and many happy hours I spent in this delightful way." p. 129.. Ho adds, (p. 184,) " Dr. Leichhardt was my first instructor in any thing I know of geo- logy and botan \ " ¡Strange to say, in his account of his journey after Leichhardt, he makes no mention of the disposition or contents of the rocks he disco- vered. Sorry geology this ! But to make up for it, he gives us the following piece of logic when disoussing his geological and botanical amusement;. " Droughts again are awful opposite» to the floods, and their effect is truly disastrous. Mr. M. Martin, in his Colonial Library, asks if the drought that visited the colony in 1826, might not have been influenced by the comet, which appeared that year in the southern hemisphere. / can answer him thus far, the comet of March, 1843, was succeeded by another drought, though not for such an extent of time ; THEBBFOKB bia is a well-grounded hypothesis." There were five comets in 1840 ; but where i« the drought now ? Ia the botanical account we are told, that " the Cyptus-pine is a most splendid fellow. The bottle-tree is a very singular and novel style of tree..Hie Moreton Bay ohestnnt is a most luxuriant specimen j" .. the dear little sensitive plant is very frequent ;" " the TJrtioa or nettle is spoken of as * gentleman," (iron- ically); the fringed violetas his "delicatefriend." And he adds ;-"It is a singular fact, that of all our English vegetables, fruits, and herbs, a large majority are to be found in a wild state in our bush ; lettuce, thyme, carrot, onions, peas, cucumbers, raspberries, spinago, lemons, gourd, chestnut, pear, oats, fig, plum, are frequently met with, besides many others ! !" Are they indigenous, and are these all English plants ? In other branches of natural history we are equally edified. Of the emu we are told, " it does not fly, though supplied with two fins extending from the back bone like studding sails, by which it guides and steers itself." p. 160. How the people of England must stare to be told of a bird with jin« ; fin* that are tails, and sails that act as rudders. " The opossum fDidclphi»), another of the marsupials, are little fellows that live in hollow trees, sleeping during the day and feeding during the night." p. 162. What a description ! The platypus, is said tobe the "singularity of Australia." p. l63. "The laughing jackass," he gays, "is a comical creature;" and he adds, "I never saw a man fire at one, so universally are they respected and their society beloved." p. 165. "The scrub turkey is very plentiful, and a magnificent dish." The mason spider is de- nominated " ray old friend." Of guanas and lizards be tells UB, " There is no doubt of their being able to adhere themselves to a neto tai!, if separated by o wound ;" but where the new toil is to come from is not said. p. 172. Of fish, he discovered a new species of the ' osterglossum,' which he says he describes in his little journal : " Family Clupeidae, genus osterglossum of Cuvier, distinguished from the other genero of the family, which have the dorsal fin in pos- terior third of back, and opposite by the pre- sence of two bsrbules on the lower jato. The genus has hitherto been recorded only as inha- biting certain South American Rivers ; eyes . block, with golden fringe'' p. 320. Now, whero is the description of the new species I He distinguishes only a new genus, and yet says it . is not new, because it inhabits South America. He says he does not know the names of scarcely nny ol'Australia's birds. But he defends them from the charge of " not singing," and says, thot " they who accuse them of silenoe must have travelled but little in the bush, and slept in i: much less ;" and he says, " he has heard our little common flycatcher serenading hi» mistress during the whole night, commencing in a soft strain, becoming more vehement as his feelings were exercised." What a wotchful ear must hit; be, ''who hears in his sleep'' We quite agree with the exclamation, " Not sing! Australia's birds do sing-yea-natu- rally ! !".-p. 174. And so he adds : Another assertion is, ?. that rivers do not run in Aus-' tralia!" I beg to contradict it ; they do, but rarely. Witness the Darling. Hawkesbury, Hunter, Clarence, Brisbane. Eastern waters always, western sometimes only run,"-p. 185. Are they rivers if they do not run 5 Mr. Hodgson is sometimes poetical. He is de- scribing Cunningham's Gap. «. The huge peaks of Mounts Gravât, Lindsey, Flinders, Warning, the Laidley Plains, the Tarampa logoons, and tho bold line ofiD'Aguilar's range, forming a boundless circle between heaven and earth, are spreud before yon. The mist is floating above, the majestic pine habited in its widow's weeds, and the beautiful casuade falling into an abyss 600 feet deep, are in your imme- diate neighbourhood ; and I shall never forget with what fervour I paid my morning's debt to my Creator, when seated "high amid the storm's career" on Cunningham's Gap. Nor was his fate forgotten ; he died a victim to his goddess-he died a martyr to his love-Nature." p. 186. Now whether we are to infer Mr. Cunning- ham was an idolater, or that Nature is the goddess of the Creator, there is no note to illus- trate. In the next eight lines of description of the Darling Downs country, the River Hunter is made to fill up a gap, between Cunningham's and Gowrie. So exquisite is the order ob- served by the author. "The climate of Australis," he says also, "is exquisite;" old age is unknown, for we revel in the enjoyment of perpetual youth." Let the author's youth therefore excuse him. "Eson," he says, "would never have required a Medea's aid, or if he had, the vigorous herbs would not long be sought for in vain. Aus- tralia certainly can boast of a splendid climate. How else could toe live? How could we travel in the bush exposed to all weathers, with no other canopy than the heavens ? How could we perform our daily journeys? How could our sheep produce such fine wool, and our cattle suoh carcasses ?" Doubtless, " if the weather WOB different, the vetters would fare worse," but the Esqui- maux manage to Hie, though not in Australia. The seasons we aro told coins in vriuijixcd signs. " Spring arrives with young grass. mild weather, and lambs." In Europe tpring arrives -with the ram, Aries, which w ajtxeù sign, but we have often heard of the squatters being in afije without lambs in spring, owing to any thing but mild weather. " Autumn comes in with mild season, burnt grass, und cruises in the bush," why not have said " and with tinpots," which are the fixed signs of a cruise * There is certainly something wonderful in Australia : for Mr. Hodgson says,-" Men . could not lie for weeks with half a blanket for mattrass and the other half for a cover in any climate, yet how many are obliged to do it here !" Surely it' they do in this climate, what cannot be dono in any, wo may re-echo the assertion " Australia can boast of. o splendid c imate." Above he says, " old age is unknown"-hut st p. 209, he speaks of the " old age" of the blacks ; from which we infer, the ambrosia of the climate is not felt through a sable skin. AH "the rete mucosum by burns or scalds becomes white," (jp. 216.) the black fellows imagine " the white people to be their relations-their ghosts or spectres. This accounts for their cowardice:" (p. 216) by common reasoning, it will account for the ohmtite producing . per- petual youth' on the Darling Downs. Mr. Hodgson has had great experience amongst the blacks. He enters into their do- mestic affairs, their quarrels und courtships, with the gusto of an amateur. We have room but for a few extracts. Again-they are generally the sourc« of quarrel, of every row in tha camp. Love-all powerful love, is to bo met with evenjn the savage's rudo society. Young men of romantic dispositions, attracted by their beauties, and won by their plorcing glances, cannot resist tho dictates of nature. They see, they love, they conquer, and oro conquered; and perhaps for revengo aro re- conquered by tho injured husbund. Decorated w ith tho " Kolgroe I'iv," or necklace of rushes cut into littlo tubes of different sires, and thrown gracefully round their necks in three or four circles-gins ure considered either affianced, or actually married ; in tact, when only children, and scarce off their mother's baclc, thoy are often betrothed to some other child of a f.nourito friend. At a very early age they loso tho little finger of the left hand, by tying a string to it, and tightening it every now and then, a way is cul through tho finger im- perceptibly, and without pain. . . . . » . . They generally are singing some air, or talking some scandal. They have an afioction for their offspring, but tu what an extent may be judged of by thcfolltmiug anecdote :-A blackfellow had seven puppies giv on bim . by a shepherd of ray brother's, who was anxious to make away with them The blackfellow gave thom into his gin's care, with directions to nurse and roar them. Silo had been confined only a few days bet'oro this. I saw the puppies about ten eli j s afterwards in her camp, they were all olive and thriving, but, horrible fact 1 I saw not the babe. Un desiring to know the fata of the poor little thing, I was thus answered-" Wyemo oula me momcul picaninny, carbon budgeree dingo," which means, that Mr. Wyemo preferred tho seven puppies to his child, and had made her ledi it, so that tho puppies might not bo robbed of their food. Again, it is weU known that every half-caste child is massacred on its coming into the world, but whether by father or mother I,cannot Bay. Still, I knew ouo young gin, named "Yeppoina," of tho sweetest disposition, who saved a squutter'B life by tolling hiin of a plot, in return for kindnesses received : and who attended a sick parent with all the faithful caro of a Christian daughter. It'all are killed, how would this happen? ? Even Mr. Hodgson, whoso love of nature is so overpowering, is compelled to break the spell he weaves round the beau ideal of a black gin. However much you may liavo been prompted to sy ni . pathise with thom, the spell ceases-the charm is broken when you behold thom at their moals. Taking au entire opossum in their dirty pan s, they apply p.irt to tho teeth, and with thoir assistance tear it to pieces, tho gravy oozing out from each sido of the mouth They then proceed to devour it, lur you cannot call it eating, munching aud grinding like a pi;;, mid making, if any. thing, more noise. Their " beautilal" mouths are co. vered with a compound mixturo of ashes, earth, und fat ti16 sight of which would deter the most faithful and sealous admirer from seeking a closer npproxirrui tion of Ups. Their legs are used as napkins or cloths after the feast; and this elegant sceno it has been my fate to be a spectator of frequently. If aught remains, it is depos-ited " higgledy pggiledy," with ochre, paint, banes, skewers, and liny other things that may happen to be in the samo dilly or bag. The best part of mis book is a fanciful de- scription of the feelings of the black men on first becoming acquainted with the whites, their cattle, horses, weapons, &c.; It is really ?well done, and if the whole work had been in as good taste it would have done the author credit ; but the style varies so much, and there ia frequently so much pretension and absurdity, . that it seems more like a connected compila- tion of detached sketches from various hands than the work of a single pen. The author actually shines as the historian of the blacks, and writes of the pins as if he would not mind; courting one himself ; indeed, we half suspect he found a sweetheart amidst the damsels he' enumerates, Yeppoma, Quindeyea, Anemo, Coulhimba, Neangan, and Terule. ] Mr. Hodgson sums up his account of the , blacks, and concludes bia work in these words : I mention thin as a prolude to an idea I havo long in- j dulged in, viz., that this country has been peopled by a I moro civilised raco of beings than now inhabit it; that they havo degenerated as they rotreated; and I further , am inclined to believe that either this malu land was nt ' ono period annexed to Timor, or that communication and colonisation went hand in lund. On Captain Cook's passage through the Torres Straits, ho makes mention I of proas having boen seen one hundred miles from land, and they might have been bound to Australia. I He elsewhere expresses himself thus :- I I consider tho major part of Australia to bo certainly ¡ Antediluvian, but I think it is highly probable tliat tho | sea has rocedod in many parts, and therefore exposed i new and increasing lands. I think again, that many parts along the sea coast have been raised by some sub. marine action. I think that Australia is not yet hatched, but thatsho will bo still a larger country, espe- cially on the north-east coast from 18° S. tat. to Capo York. I If Australia was once annexed to Timor , it must be smaller than formerly ; if j not yet hatched, it must, we suppose, grow bigger. We cannot presume to ! decide between the author's conflicting doubts and opinions. We only hope our | readers will be able to hatch something out of ¡ this work, after we have thus chipped the shell ¡ for them. And we hope that when Mr. Hodg- \ son munn*, which if he wishes not to grow . old, he will do, he may be able to apply to | himself the advice he gives to the young settler in these pathetic words : "The immortal Byron says « Man was not bom to live alone ' Wonderful to relats, I agree with him ; try then, if you can j,eri,uade ' Home young lady to go into partnership with | you, and it will be the wisest step possible " ¡ But as we rather infer, he will content himself with his reminiscences of Australia and its ! beauties ; we have only to echo, fur the good I of our adopted country, his kind expressions towards her. "Farewell, my ancient comrades. ' my singular fellow-beings, farewell, till I rerert with my readers to scenes where whaddy, I boomnrang, and spear «ill be in turns cele- ' brati'd."-p. 815. "Farewell Sydney! thy i climate is thy sole recommendation; thy want i of water, uncertainty of seasons', thy burren ' wastes and coral reefs are but natural enemies, j Tnou hast a far more grievous one in thyself ; ' thy hospitality only to deceive, thy avarice, thy cunning and plausible delight in deceiving, | the unsuspecting, thy evident recklessness of I being considered a rogue, are but true charac- ¡ teristics of the inhabitants." (p. 2.) j " Farewell Australia! be careful of your own \ self-respect, go on steadily and you will be a i great nation, though I cannot help observing I that you are already too great tor your popu- I lation, i.e. you occupy too much country, and nr« two widely dispersed; passing over much thot is good, and only picking at the pie crust." After these pathetic farewells, to which nothing cm be compared so closely as the " Adieu" in reply to a certain address at a cer- tain college, to a certain Doctor, then depart- ing from those who had addressed him " more Romano, with a respectful greeting" ; what h a vu we to say, but two little words, applicable alike to the book and the author, and borrowed from the former, who throws about his classical I gems amidst his broken English figures of speech with no unsparing hand-applicable to the blacks, to Sydney, to Australia, and to these "Reminiscences" of them all- j " KEQCIESCANT MAKES !" 