BRAIDWOOD (From our own Correspondent.) THE MAGISTRACY.-We are exceedingly gra tified at being informed that this district is likely to be blessed with an addition to the present list of Magistrates ; not that we regard as a blessing every Magisterial appointment that has hitherto taken place, that would indeed be carrying the matter to an absurdity but it is to far fortunately that the gentlemen whose names are mentioned as likely to be invested with the Commission of the Peace, are just the right sort-men who will, we feel confident, discharge the Magisterial duties for the benefit of all classes irrespectively, a thing much wanted at Braidwood. It is to be hoped that the Appointments will take place as rapidly as possible, for the present state of the Bench is truly lamentable, so much so, that it is no uncommon circumstance for parties applying for justice, and having gone to the expense of summonses, &c.; to withdraw their complaints, or, in other words, to allow them to fall to the ground, in preference to having their cases de- cided by certain of our J-ay P's. Nor is this to be wondered at, when we contemplate the dis- plays of Magisterial arrogance that take place upon this Bench, and of which the following is a specimen. In a recent case that was tried before two of our Magistrates, it so happened that the defendant had, from some cause or other, ren- dered himself somewhat disagreeable to the pre siding Just-asses, and accordingly, so good an opportunity of teaching him to feel their Magis terial indignation was not to be lost sight of ; indeed, so eager was one of the Magistrates to Iet the defendant know the feelings of the Court towards him, that he actually had the temerity to inform the defendant, while the trial was being proceeded with, that the Bench had made up their minds in his case, " that they had decided upon his case :" and upon being informed by the de- fendant that there were a great many witnesses to call for the defence, this incomparable lumi nary of the Australian Magistracy ! ! ! replied, with the utmost sang froid, " that supposing he had a hundred witnesses for the defence, that it would not alter their decision, as they had made up their minds in his case ! ! !" And of a verity they had made up their minds, for, (upon the closing of the defence.) in the twinkling of an eye, they sentenced him to pay a fne of £5 ! Thanks, however, to thc peopleof Braidwood, who, upon hearing the decision of the Court, im- mediately proceeded to raise the amount hy public subscription, and within five minutes of the fine being inflicted, the defendant was presented with a bank cheque for the amount in full, .. and thus was Tyranny far once shorn of her locks." We however, do not wish it to be understood, that this district is totally destitute of Magistrates, whose conduct when on the Bench is such as to command the respect and esteem of the inhabi- tants generally ; but the misfortune is, that, from some unexplained cause, they are seldom to be seen upon the Bench, and which has given rise to much conjecture throughout the district ; miny people asserting that it arises from an un- willingness to meet a certain Worthy! upon the Bench, whilst others, less fearless, go the whole hog, and declare that they have been heard to express themselves in very plain terms as to the cause of their absenting themselves from the Court. Be this as it may, we would beg to re mind those gentlemen, that, if any man stand by and look upon one neighbour slaying an- other, without using such means as are within his power to prevent the same, he is held as being " particeps cr¡minis ;" and wewould further beg to remind those gentlemen, that, having accepted the Commision of the Peace, it is their bounden duty to exercise the duties of such for the public weal ; and should they even then be thwarted in their attempts, they will, at least, have the approbation of a good conscience, and the respect of all honest men ; and as the Magis trates here alluded to are known to possess talent and integrity of purpose, it is to be hoped that, with thc addition to their ranks of two indepen- dent Sons of the Soil, and a third also named who- from family connexions and choice, has made this the land of his adoption and though but a short time among us, yet has been long enough to win the esteem and admiration of all classes of society, besides being an extensive land and stock-holder, and employing labour to a great extent-with these additions to our pre- sent list of Magistrates, accompanied with a strict attention to their duties of office Braidwood may yet go a-head, and her Court of Petty Sessions cease to be a by-word throughout the colony. DIAMOND CUT DIAMOND.-On a bright sunny afternoon in the beginning of the present month, there was seen entering our little township a dark haired, square built individual, mounted upon a jet black steed, the jaded appearance and reek- ing sides of which, proclaimed in language not to be mistaken, that he had done good service to his rider upon the day in question. Eyeing with a cautious glance the different establishments in our little city, the stranger made his way towards the -----Stores, where, alighting from his nag, he quickly made his appearance before our vil- lage Hornbook ! ! ! who received the stranger with one of his blandest smiles. After a careful search of nether garments, the stranger (for so we must call him) produced a small packet, which packet, after sundry undoings, presented to the delighted eyes of the man-of-all-things a real genuine £20 cheque ; and if the stranger's first entrance had a pleasing effect upon the store keeper, now was he in perfect ecstacy-quick as thought were the groaning shelves disburdened of their cumbrous loads-blue pills and blankets, pint pots and tobacco, Epsom salts and Jews' harps, all bargains, were paraded before the wel come visitor; but no, that was not the thing, Cash, Cash was the order of the day. The wily merchant praised his wares-the stranger stuck to cash-and that did they continue, when just in time, in popped a figure resembling the illus trious Kemble, he who was born to do justice to the genius and characters of Shakspeare, (and here the itching palm of Cassins became mani fest,) who, upon eyeing the £20, clapped his hand upon his brecches' pocket, and suiting the word to the action, and the action to the word, offereded thc stranger, who was now named Tom Turner, the handsome sum of £15 cash for the cheque. Tom looked, said it was too little, but seemed to hesitate; now was the time a bargain might be struck. "Richard was himself again." Adjournment took place. The Ghost of Ham let, and the Merchant, (of Venice) were ¿. T^standing in front of the Royal Hotel ; i- . s . hand of the first pointed to the .'f- pocket where dwelt the cash; the last still praising his numerous wares; and here it was that, for his cash. Tom loved Othello, and parted with his cheque for fifteen one pound notes ; then straightway repaired to the mart of the disappointed store-keeper, where he purchased a sample of his numerous wares ; then giving his nag a feed at the Royal Hotel, and lining the inner man with a couple of glasses of Murphy's real stingo, he made his exit, leaving the only living representative of the immortal Shakspeare in high spirits with his bargain. But it some- times happens that our brightest prospects are suddenly blasted, and so it was upon the occa- sion here mentioned ; for, upon the following day intelligence reached the township that a rob- bery had taken place, and that the cheque in question was part of the proceeds. " Alas ! poor Yorick." THE WEATHER still continues favourable for agricultural purposes, the plough is everywhere busy. We have been blessed with a few delight- ful showers, which have made the soil in excel- lent order for receiving the seed, besides re- freshing our pasture lands; feed is everywhere abundant, with a certainty of plenty during the winter ; altogether, the present prospects, whe- ther for the agriculturist or the grazier, are of the most cheering description. OUR SPORTING WORLD is on the 'qui vive' re- specting the result of our annual Races, which are to come off on the first, second, and third instant. Rare sport is expected. The rival studs of Lee Mount and Exeter Farm are in active training. We expect a goodly number of the bits o' blood from the neighbouring districts : the more the better; they may rely upon a fair field and no favour. The Notorious Tiger goes for the Maiden Plate. Whether we will have the task imposed upon us of chronicling a second edition of the Stone Jug affair, these deponents know not. 