COLONIAL TIMES AND TASMANIAN OPEN TO ALL - INFLUENCED BY NONE. This Journal is published on the Evening of every Tuesday and Friday, and circulates extensively throughout the Australian Colonies, India, China, Europe, and America. It is regularly filed at the office of Messrs. Simmonds and Ward, General Agents, Barge-yard, Bucklersbury, London, and at the Jerusalem Coffee House. HOBART TOWN: JUNE 22,1847. TO CORRESPONDENTS. We consider it necessary to adopt the example of all the respectable Press, that all correspondents shall make known to us (confidentially) their identity, and that they shall invariably be written in the correspondential form. We do not identify ourselves with the opinions of our correspondents: we only give them the benefit of our wide circulation, reserving to ourselves the right of giving our own opinions upon the sentiments they propound in every case. WHEN the Whig Ministry, in March 1807, was compelled by the determined resolution of King George III. never to consent to Catholic emancipation, to withdraw their contemplated measures, they accompanied that withdrawal with a cabinet " minute" that they held themselves at liberty to resume it at any period they might think proper. It was a gratuitous trial of the king's temper, inasmuch as when they might nave found a fitting opportunity to present itself, they could have availed themselves of it without keeping the king in constant expectation of the (in his disposition towards the Catholics) evil day. It produced the total bouleversement of their party, in which Sheridan, being of course involved, told them with his characteristic wit, that "he had often heard of people knocking their heads against a wall," but, " he had never heard of their building a wall to knock their heads against." So unpopular, however, was the Percival administration which followed, that the Treasury Bench was, for a time, powerless. Sheridan again wittily told the House of Commons, that the benches on the speaker's left were occupied by " His Majesty's opposition." We find ourselves somewhat in that position. The ministerial papers are the organs of the influence behind the throne;" but this journal supports the best interests of His Excellency himself. It is thus, therefore, that we deeply regret to see one of the ministerial papers assail the chief officer of the Government with the most unqualified bitterness. The attacks upon the Caveat Board and the Post Office come, we think, from a semi- official with rather a strange grace. The public, besides, are generally of opinion that both those departments (extremely important in 'their nature as they are) are conducted generally with quite as much correctness and general public satisfaction as similar, departments could be under any administration in any country. The Caveat Board is an establishment sut generis, and necessarily consequent upon the palpable error of the old grants having been only location orders of the Local Government, not grants from the Crown. Any lawyer's clerk will tell our contemporary that any legal disposition by the Grown to the subject to hold for ever the property of which the Crown is the steward for the public, must be made by the Crown itself. The error arose from grants having been originally issued at the first settlement of the Great Colony, when there were no lawyers to properly instruct the military men forming the Local Government, in such matters. Whether an error so vital as the disposition of the property of the master made by the servant can be rectified by any private regulation between them, for such and no more is the authority given by the master (the Crown) to its servant a colonial crown nominated council, is quite another thing. The New South Wales council assumed to itself the authority to make a regulation (for the " ordinances" of colonial council are no more) which should affect an established principle of the Law of England. The ordinance of the New South Wales council, which gave - and gave it ex post facto too \- a servant of the Crown the authority of the Crown itself, is at the very least, in the opinion of some of our best lawyers, a perfect waste of the paper on which it is written, which cannot affect the general law of England. The authority of the council is strictly defined and prescribed by the Act of Parliament, 9 Geo. IV. Does it confer upon the colonial council the very ghost of authority to meddle with the laws of England ? On the direct contrary, it prohibits the colonial council from making any ordinance which shall be at variance with those laws ; and if it should, nevertheless, pass any such ordinance, it makes it absolutely ab initio void, and of none effect. Thus all the existing grants of land were substantially erroneous and conferred nothing, and an ordinance passed by the colonial council, not only without, but in the teeth of authority, was equally erroneous, and only added another cypher to a cypher without a digit, signifying nothing! Sir George Arthur was not the man to act in such a matter, without well considering and taking the very best obtainable advice. He did so, and the effect of that advice was perfectly to satisfy him that nothing but an issue of new grants from the Crown itself could pass to the subject the lands of the Crown, held permissively by the subject. In order to regulate so delicate a matter, that most able governor made the very best arrangements which could be had recourse to in so very difficult an affair. And we believe we only speak the public voice when we say that the gentlemen to whom the Caveat Commission has been confided since its first establishment have given general satisfaction to as great an extent as any human beings were capable of eliciting. The present Commissioners, however, do not please the grand patriot, although nominated by his patron himself ! We can in some degree account for this. Dr. Turnbull, the President of the Board, has always been a firm and faithful follower of Sir Geo. Arthur, and, of course, is hated accordingly. Mr. Knight is a barrister of many years' standing, of experience, honour and integrity ; and Mr. Sorell is the son of an old British officer of high reputation, who so carried on the government of this colony as to obtain an unprecedented mark of the public satisfaction, a petition to the Sovereign from the people he governed, to continue him in the government ! And what has Mr. Sorell himself done to incur animosity ? He has filled the important office of Registrar of the Supreme Court from its establishment without a SINGLE complaint, either on the part of the people or the Government ! If there is a public officer universally respected and characterised for strict honour and integrity, he is that one ; yet does our contemporary lend himself to the applying to him the most coarse appellations. We repeat, we regret this, for it brings a respectable journal into disrepute. As to the Post Office, we are not the eulogists of Captain Smith, but we will do him justice. There is a positive order, to the Post Office authorities to send all letters believed to be to prisoners of the Crown to the Comptroller- General. This order is an opening to that most odious, practise, the worst possible feature in any postal establishment, which our contemporary calls " the Graham-ish." The public opprobrium brought upon himself by Sir James Graham in that particular, will long go with him in the minds of Englishmen. We are bound in justice to the gentlemen of the Post Office to state a fact, which we are certain our contemporary will confirm, that they are the hardest worked and worst paid department in the colony. Their duties are incessant. They are, from the very nature of those duties, at all calls, and more attention,to individuals cannot be paid than they universally afford. It is certainly, therefore, extraordinary the bitter manner in which the administrations of these two departments are assailed by one of the ministerial journals. We repeat it again - we lament ; and we trust our contemporary will have the generosity to make the amende honourable to gentlemen who have so much just cause to complain of his injustice. As seems to be the constant custom, the latest intelligence from England is received here overland, via India. The Calcutta Friend and the Englishman have intelligence to the end of February, which has arrived here by the Osprey, a three-masted schooner, which has made a rapid passage from Batavia, bringing a fortnight's later intelli- gence from England than had been before received. The only news of interest is the almost certainty which there appears of war. The Prince de Joinville has published another violent tirade,against England, in the shape 0f a Naval Report to the King. In this the Prince insists upon the necessity of augmenting the steam power of France to a large extent - of placing it, as he expresses himself, in a state of " immediate activity," and of abundantly furnishing the naval arsenals of France. He recommends the warmest relations of amity with America with whom, he says, France ought to make common cause, without mentioning against whom. The greatest distress and suffering prevailed throughout Ireland and Scotland, from which England was not free. Lord Lansdowne, had introduced a modification of the Poor-laws. It was believed that Parliament would be dissolved in May, so as to admit a short session before harvest. We shall copy from the Friend of India on Friday. IN 1834, thirteen years ago, the Editor of Murray's Review addressed a series of letters to the Archbishop of Dublin and to Lord Brougham on the system of transportation then for the first time ordered by the British Government to be carried into effect here. For those letters the Archbishop, through Dr. Dickenson, his domestic chaplain (now raised to the episcopal bench) and the noble lord himself were pleased to make to the author gracious acknowledgments. His Grace was further pleased to publish a little pamphlet in which the whole of the arguments adduced in those letters were embodied, and powerfully enforced. To that pamphlet Sir George Arthur, then Governor of the colony, actively employing his capacious mind on the best method of removing the evils complained of by such a modification of the assignment system as would best effect that desirable purpose, was pleased to publish a reply. The letters, the Archbishop's brochure, Sir George Arthur's reply, with some explanatory remarks, forming a little volume of not inconsiderable interest in these times of "prison discipline" have been recently re-published by Messrs. Ottley and Saunders, of London. Such was the excitement which the subject then created here, and so violent was the universal sentiment both against the letters and the Archbishop's public support of them, that public meetings were held, and clergymen, medical men, and lawyers united in denouncing them in the most outrageous manner, and in pronouncing the assignment system to be the very best method of employing the unfortunate subjects of transportation which the ingenuity of man could by possibility invent! It is remarkable, that at those meetings the very men who are now so loud in their support of the very arguments propounded by the Editor of Murray's Review are now exactly of the very opposite opinion, and applaud to the skies principles which they then denounced. The public have only to refer to the journals of that day, and they will find this assertion fully confirmed. Nay, more :- In the Review of the 29th August, 1834, they will find almost in totidem verbis, the very position taken by the certainly able men who then denounced them, but now call upon the colonists to make every sacrifice, even bread to their children itself, to carry them into effect. Whether the writer of those letters holds the same opinions now which he did when he gave them to the public is not now known. To be sure, the pressure of heavy mortgages, of depreciation of landed property to an extent which renders it, if encumbered, worse than valueless, increased age, repeated apoplectic attacks, and other circumstances, make vast changes in men's opinions, but be they changed ever so much, they cannot be more so than are those of' the highly influential and talented men who then united (not quite to the display of the disgraceful scene of Thursday, the 6th) in, high and low, vociferating - " Transportation and assignment for ever !" Even so late as the 23rd November, the Launceston Advertiser gives the proceedings of a public meeting at that place, at which the leading performers declaimed as loudly in favour of transportation as being the only method of supplying the colony with available labour as the very same same men proclaim, from Dan to Beersheba, that very system of transportation will effectually ruin the colony. One of the, arguments used in,the letter to the Archbishop, and in which, of' course, all the present exclaimers against transportation will at once warmly coincide, is the cruelty of transporting every female who is transported at all (and they are mostly sentenced for seven years) for the whole term of her natural life, with the certainty of never again enjoying the blessings (more or less appreciated by all, be their circumstances what they may) of native land and the endearments of kith and kin. What HOPE can a woman, any woman once transported here reasonably indulge of ever again being enabled to return. And even supposing that the major part of them are like the inmates of the workhouse gaols, immeasurably vicious, yet surely it will not be asserted that they are all so ! How long is it since General Macquarie most humanely put an end to the system of female convict ships being openly and avowedly common brothels ? How long is it since it was the declared and avowed system of every individual in a female ship, from the master downwards, so soon as the ship had cleared the land, to make his selection of the unhappy woman whom it was his pleasure should be be " compagnon de voyage." Yet will it be asserted that every female, because she had offended or was said to have offended, which is exactly the same thing, the laws of their country, should have been " guilty" in all respects ? How was this detestable system put an end to? Every one of the old residents at Sydney, we have no doubt, Mr. Kemp, Captain Read, and many others can well state. The immediate cause was the following :- A young female of good connections was a nurserymaid at Hackney. She was accustomed to take children to walk while her mistress was at church. When going out on those occasions, under the unhappy influence of female vanity, she was in the habit of using her mistress's soiled silk stockings. She was detected - the property found upon her - a constable sent for - taken before a magistrate - committed - tried in a very few days - and sentenced to be transported for seven years \- and, ashamed of appealing to her friends, sent on board a prison-ship about to depart for Sydney. The surgeon cast his eye upon her and selected her accordingly. She was ordered into his cabin, and her exclamations for mercy wholly disregarded. On board that ship it happened that several free women had obtained passages to Sydney. They were aware of that occurrence. They reported it to General Macquarie upon their arrival, and the atrocious system was from that moment put an end to ! Now who can advocate the transmission of every female prisoner sentenced to trans- portation, no matter for what nominal term of years, virtually for life, never to return to her native land, unless the doing so shall be obtained by means, at which, it is not (oo much to say that many of them would shrink ! How easy it is to settle the fates of thousands more of females at Downing street, by ordering a clerk to write a minute -" Let all the female convicts be sent to Van Diemen's Land, to equalise the sexes." A more brutal, more savage, more demoniacal decree, Satan never dictated to, the heart of man ! We received on Friday our missing London journals of the middle of December (the Osprey has brought the summary of the overland mail of Friday), which not only contained nothing new even had the subsequent papers not since come to hand, but were as particularly barren as that most barren season of the year could render them. They are chiefly occupied with speculations upon the probable consequences of the Montpensier marriage - the treacherous conduct, personally, to the Queen of Louis Philippe, and the tyrannical seizure by Austria of Cracow. All these subjects having been already discussed almost ad nauseam, we pass them by. We find the following little notice in the Naval and Military Gazette of the 12th of December :- " Lieut. H. S. Sorell, of the 81st Regiment, was promoted to a company in the Gazette of Tuesday last. He had been the unusually long period of nine years adjutant of the regiment, although having been so fortunate as to obtain his company after a service of only twelve years and a half." We are happy to find that the youngest son of our, valued friend, Colonel Sorell, has thus rapidly advanced in the honorable profession he has adopted. His brother, Lieut. G. Sorell, of the Engineers, is in the way of soon also obtaining the rank of captain, being a first lieutenant of the 1st September, 1841. He is upon the civil staff at Ceylon, possessing a departmental employment of £500 per annum. We have already mentioned that Prince George of Cumberland is promoted to the command of the garrison of Dublin, previously to his receiving the chief command of Ireland, upon the removal of Sir Edward Blakeney to command in India upon the daily expected retirement of Lord Viscount Hardinge. We observe that Prince George is styled in the Army List His Royal Highness. We have not seen that her Majesty has conferred upon him that dignity. The children of the brothers (or uncles) of the Sovereign only receive the appellation of " Highness," as in the case of the late Duke of Gloucester, when he was Prince William. Major-General Bainbridge commands at Belfast, vice Sir G. F. Berkeley. Major General Napier succeeds Prince George at Limeric, and Colonel Turner, R.A., commands the Ordnance Department, vice Major-General Munro. The Naval and Military Gazette says Lieut.-Gen. Sir Willoughby Cotton, G. C. B., was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the Company's forces on the Bombay establishment, at a Court of Directors held at the East India House on Wednesday. 39th, 63rd, 17th, 62nd, 4th, and 9th Regiments of Foot, are to return to Europe from the East Indies in the course of the year 1847. Detachments of 15th and 95th Regiments, and Ceylon Regiment, three officers and 100 men, on board the Cornwall, from Cork, arrived at Colombo 20th November. The Boyne, East Indiaman, which vessel arrived at Falmouth on the 8th instant, reported the arrival at the Cape of Good Hope, previous to November 9, of the Stebonheath, Equestrian, Fairlee, and Westminster, all with troops ; and had all sailed for Algoa Bay, where the troops would be disembarked. The Romeo, from London, with troops, was spoken with on December 7, in lat. 6 N. long. 22.30 W., bound to the Isle of France. The following/ analysis of Captains serving on full-pay (omitting Brevet- Majors) is taken from the Army List for January, 1847 : - Cavalry Foot Guards. Infantry of the Line ... Colonial Corps and Companies Artillery and Engineers Royal Marines totals. -Captains of the Tear. 1837 1838 1839 1840 1841 1842 1843 1844 1845 1846 8 6 11 4 16 20 18 15 26 36 162 3 8 5 11 4 4 5 8 8 15 71 29 46 43 57 108 122 103 122 125 174 921 3 1 6 6 4 10 2 3 13 11 65 21 4 9 14 36 17 22 21 26 70 264 14 6 3 4 13 9 5 6 3 10 73 78 71 77 96 179 180 155 181 195 316 1530 It is not generally known that an Act of Parliament was passed in the year 1833, effecting a most salutary reform in the law. as' respects all cases under £50. Why, if such a principle as that upon which the Act is good for one part of the community - the small-in-amount suitors - and not good for the whole community; it would be difficult to determine. The principles which this Act determines are - 1\. Enabling all ordinary cases to be tried . immediately, cheaply, and on the spot. 2\. Introducing a concise system of insolvency, and of immediate discharge from prison. 3\. Facilitating arbitration, without the expense, delay, and uncertainty now incident to it. 4\. Establishing a most useful tribunal, one which is especially suited for the colonies - Courts of reconcilement of disputes. 5\. Improving equity process by cherishing the principle of viva voce, instead of written evidence. 6\. Giving a cbeap right of appeal to the superior Courts. We shall furnish our readers with a precis of this valuable Act of Parliament in an early number, the principles established by law which are of infinitely more importance to the general public interests than all the " talks" which agitators can stimulate to respecting " pollution." Paley is certainly right in asserting that no man who does not choose to be polluted can be polluted. 