DOMESTIC G AZETTE, Towir Council, — A. special meeting of the Town Council was called on Monday, fmmwnt to the resolution of the Council at ast meetbur. and after considerable discus- sion the following motion of Councillor An- nand, was carried : — "That the Town Sur veyor be requested to draw plans and esti mates of the expense of forming waterworks according to the plan proposed by the Surveyor and Town Cleric." Tiiis motion was strongly objected to by several of tho Councillors for various reasons. An amend ment moved by Councillor Kerr was nega tived, The whole time of tho Council until half-past five o'clock was then occupied in committeodiscussing the levels of the town. Co xt in cation or Salk. — The extensive Bale at the stores of Messrs. Dunlop, Macoab and Co., will bo continued this day. Me ktikq 05 tit e Finn Pbrvcxtiox So- ciktx.' — A raeeting of this Society was hold yesterday In the Royal Hotel, His Worship the Mayor in the Chair. Mr. Annand, the Honorary Secretary, read the Report, which was as follows : — uarotit. Your Committee have to report, that following out the instructions conveyed to thorn bv your resolution adopted at tho public Meeting of the Society, hold on the 9th of December, 1846 Tliey appointed Collectors for the diiTorent Wards of the town. These gentlemen entered on their labours, and although the town was not completely can>rassr>d, tho result lias bcon that the sum of £-145 Gs. 9d, has been re- nnivpri. nnd £55 has been received from the Cornwall Insurance Company, to complete their contribution of £80 for the year. As soon as the funds warranted the step, the Committee appointed an additiou to the Staff of tho Brigade, to the oxtcnt stipu lated for by the Cornwall Insurance Com pany, as the condition of their contributing thoamnunt of£80yoarly tothisSociety. And the Brigade now consists of twelve men, including tho Superintendent and Foreman. And tlie Committte believe from the care which they huvo exercised in the appoint ment, that tho Brigade is iu a state of efficiency. The Committee haring had their atten tion called to the circumstance, that the premises in which, by the kindness of Archibald M'lachlan, Esq., their engine had hitherto been kept, had passed from under the control 01 that gentleman, adopted measures to secure other premises for that purpose, and instructed tlirir Hono rary Secretary to apply to His Honor the Superintendent, for permission to erect a house on a portion of tne allotment on which the new Polico Office at Little Collins and Swanston- strects, which the Committee thought would be a suitable and centrical site for that purpose, and they have the satisfaction of being able to report that they bavo His Honor s permission to do so, subject to the approval of the Clerk of "Works. And your Committee have the farther pleasure in being able to report, that one of their number (Mr, Armitstead) kindly furnished them with a proper plan and specifications, for a suitable building, with an estimate of what it would cost ; and Mr. Armitstead farther kindly intimated, that he would got it done for the amount which he estimated, without asking anything for his own trouble, provided no other trades man would erect it for the same sum or loss. And having obtained tenders from other three tradesmen, the lowest of which was 51. 10s., and the highest 23J. above Mr. Armitstcad'u tender, your Committee therefore, avail themselves of Mr. A'a liberal offer, and the bouso is now in course of erection. The amount parable for this building will be 2T»J., of whicli Mr. Brodio, 1 011 behalf of the Cornwall Insurance Com pany, Ils kindly engaged io defray the one- half lea. ving only 12Z. 10a. to be defrayed by the Society. Your Committee hare also, with a viow to insure the efficiency of tho Brigade, pro cured a set of double foldiug ladders, to bo , used iu case of elevated buildings being on fire. During the currency of the past year llicre have only been two fires, in which the services of the Brigade have been en gaged, and on both occasions the fires have i "been extinguished before they reached the adjoining buildings. And in a third case I in which their services Iiave been called Into I requisition, the fire was extinguished before I they reached the spot, Ana whilo your 1 Committee siucerely hope that there yill be even leas occasion for tho services of the Brigado for the ensuing year, they are nevertheless, deeply impressed with the necessity of keeping the Brigade inastato of efficiency, in order as far as possible, to prevent the calamity of a fire extending to the destruction of the lives and property of the inhabitants, and earnestly urge their fellow-citizens to keep up the institution, ; oud aid such Committee as may be ap pointed at this meeting in carrying out to the fullest extent, the objects contemplated ; at the institution of the Society. £ s. d. At the close of last year, as re ported to the Public Meeting, the balance of funds in hand was 33 iti 4 There has biuce been received iu Subscriptions as per list ac companying other Report ... 115 6 9 And balance of contribution from tho Cornwall Insurance Company £5 0 0 Making & total amount of funds 204 3 1 TUire has been paid — £ e. d. In SaUrins, includ ing that due 29th Instant .... ........ 100 0 0 Incidental expenses extinguiahingfiros 0 18 G Advertising ......... 15 9 £108 4 8 The balance in hand unappro priated, is 95 18 10 The liabilities incurred and now payable are estimated at — £ s. d. Hall cost of new building for Eu- giae House 12 10 O New accoutrements for additional fire men 5 0 0 New set of ladders and mountings ... 10 0 0 Advertising 2 0 0 „ 10 0 29 10 0 Leaving available for the opera tions of the ensuing year £66 8 10 The permanent charges on the Institu tion are for salaries to the Brigade, as now organised, of ten men at 10 1. oaoh, foreman, at 151., aiid superintendent, at 25£., 1401. ; and the incidental expetues that may be expected on the ekan»o which the Society lias hitherto borne of paying 10s for the first, 6s. for tho seoona, 4s. for the third, and double the usual rate for every other load of water brought to a fire ; and also at the discretion of the superintendent, the hire of assistants to work the engine incases of fire. Your Honorary Secretary, on being ap pointed to a seat in the Town Council brought forward a motion to that body to take steps to have a clause Introduced into the Corporation Amendment Bill,thcn before the Legislative Council, to authorise the Town Council to organise & Fire Brigade and to levy funds for its support This motion did not succeed at the tame, chiefly owing to the late period when it was introduced, which left no opportunity to the cltixensito Edition in its favour. Should it however e the wish of this meeting that the Town" Council should have the power of keeping up a Fire Brigade at the expense of the inhabitants generally, it will be necessary at a future period to get up IV'titions in its favour ; when if it be the wish of any large number of the citizens to have a Brigade on a permanent footing, the Council will no doubt accede to the wish of the petitioners. Gconas Axkakp, Honorary Secretary. Tho following resolutions were then passed : — Moved by Mr. G. Cavonsgh, seconded by Councillor Moor, and carried — That the Report now read bo received and approved. Moved by Cr. Moor, seconded by Cr. Kerr, nnd carried — That this Meeting deeply impressed with the propriety of keeping up a Fire Brigade in a state df efficiency, resolve that Subscrip tion Lists bo forthwith opened, for pro- curing 1 unas tor inm purpose, cum mm the Committee of Alanagemont, to be now appointed,, do, with the assistance of 6ueh gentlemen as will consont to aid them, tako charge of the Subscription Lists, and earnestly recommend to their follow-citi- rons to contribute to the Funds of tho Society. Moved by Councillor Annand, seconded by Mr. A. M'Luchlan, and carried — That the following gentlemen, with power to , add to their number, be the Committee for the ensuing year, viz., — Thomas M'Combie, Thomas Armitstead, Henry Moor, Charles Bradshaw, George Cave- nagh, William Kerr, William Clarke, James Jackson, G. \V, Cole, and Phillip Anderson. Moved bv Mr. Caronagh, seconded by Councillor Armitstead, and carried — That Messrs. Wcstby and M'Lachlan, bo re quested to act as Treasurers, and Mr. G. Annaud, as Honorary Secretary to the Society for the enduing year. Moved by Councillor Kerr, seconded by Mr. M'Lacfilan, and carried — That the resolutions now adopted, with the Report of the Committee and Treasurer's Account, and Subscription List, be pub lished Moved by Councillor M'Combie, se conded by Councillor Armitstead, aud car ried — That the thanks of this meeting bo given to the Committee for tho last year, to the Treasurers, and to the Honorary Seore- txry for their services during the past year, and to His Honor the Suncrinten- , dent, for the permission granted to the Society to erect their engine-house on the ground on which it is now building. The thanks of the meeting were then given to the Chairman and the meeting dissolved. The Firc-enginc and Fire Brigado wore drawn up opposite the " Royal Hotel," for tho inspection of the Cooimittee. Tho men wore their fire dresses and looked very well. The dress consists of a thick leathern lint , with a long flap down the back, & belt con taining a tomahawk and a coil of rope. Watercarts having come to the engines with a supply of water, the hose ww put on, and the men set lo work to pump for the purpose of showing tho Committee the efficiency of tho engine. The head of the hose was directed down Collins-street, and ctTong and beautiful jets were thrown by it. "When the moutb-pieco was kept nearly per pendicular, the water was thrown straight up, as high as the tops of the highest bouses Ad joining. .Altogether thostateof the engine gave tho highest satisfaction both to tho Committee and the byestandorK. Long may it be 'ere its services may be uceded, say we but we arc glad to find that there is such an engine in the town, for we know not the dav, nor the hour, when it may really bo called onYoplay upon some of our domiciles. The new enginehouse being about to be built in .1 central part of the town, it can readily be had in any emergency. We trust our fellow-citizens will subscribe liberally towards the keejflng up oT the Brigade, for assuredly at some time or other it will be found that their services will bo roquircd. Horse Salf.. — Wo have to draw attention to the extensive sale of horses this day at Messrs. Bear and Son's yards in Queen- street, where the best lot offered this season will be sold. Mr. Meoson's Concert. — W e beg to remind our musical friends that Mr. Meg- son's Concert, takes place this evening, under the most distinguished patronago. , Tho gentlemen of tho Philharmonic society give their powerful assistance on the oc casion, besides which, Mr. Mcgson h.is secured all tho availablo musical talont of tho place ; such being the attractions, and Mr. Mcgson being universally esteemed, a : numerous assembly may be confidently auti- ; cipated, who we are sura will bo liigkly satisfied with the amusements Of the evoa- Titf. LxtrDevtii bv Lioutniko. — We beg to remind our readers that subscription lists, for the relief of the bereaved families of the two men Chaplin and Dycr,»'ho lately met a sudden death by being struok by lightning), are now lying at the Siiakespeore Tavern, a few doors above this office, at tho Bonks, and Mr. Laser's Rooms. Both men bore uublemished characters, and, wo sin- : cerely trust the call now made upon the sympathies of tho Melbourne public, will bo cheerfully responded to. Ilia ExcKLLBNcr. — His Excellency re turned to Sydney on Saturday evening, and the answer to enquiries at Government House yesterday evening was, that Sir Charles was still, hut slowly recovering. — 1 S, M. Herald. Address or Condolence. — The following Address of Condolence was, on tho motion of Alderman Grcevcs, agreed to by the Council at its special meeting on Monday, to be presented to Sir Charles Firaroy : — " To His Excellency Sir Charles Fit Roy, K. C. H, G, Captain General aud Go- Govorhor-ln-Cbicf, ofthe Territory of New South Wales and its Dependen cies, and Vice-Admiral pf tho aotaa, Ac., Ac., Ac. " May it please your Excellency, We, the Mayor, Alderman, and Coun cillors of the Town of Melbourne, beg to aiqiruauu yuur ixceuuncy wiui uie expres sion of our sincere condolence, and tho assurance of our deep sympathy under the distressing bereavement your Excel lency has sustained by the loss of your Excellency's amiable partner through life, the Lady Mary Fitr Roy ! and we fervently hope, that tho Divine Author of all gooa, will sustain and comfort your Excellency under the 6evcro trial witn which He lias been pleased to visit." Stdnet. — A groat many persons are now occupying runs in the Moreton Bay Dis trict about its more remote cornwrs, whose claims have not been acknowledged by the Government. — The influenza has now left Sydney, and has arrived at Moreton Bay, wtiare it is raging, most furiously. Several letters have been received from tbfe I'arlia- mentary agent, F. Soott, Esa., of London. The G ivernor is recovered, and removed to Sydney. — A - Lodge of Odd FolLowa ly' beea established at moreton Bay. — A ner Church " St. Marks" has been erocted in the District of Alexandria,' at Rushcutter's Bay. — Captain Towns, of Sydoey, has re ceived a salver and & purBOof 4(XK. from the Royal Exchange Insurance Company, for the exertions made by him in thou Ishalf in the case of Boyd v. the Royal EccUpgie, foisting to tho Seahorse.— Business b very dull In Sydney, and some failures aro an- 1 ticipated. Potior. Orricn. — An unfortunato female of the name of Elirubcth Davis, who lias a most devoted attachment to tho bottio, was brought up before the magistrates on Mon day, charged with having been drunk on the Lord's day. The offenco boing cleariy proven, sbo was fined in the sum of five shillings. — A man named Alexander Beith, was charged by Mr. Evans, carpenter, with having broken all his windows, and done other damage to his house. The con- duct of Beith was very violent, and he was given in charge. The Bench said, that the injury sustained had apparently been inflicted from the most wanton and malicious motives, they should therefore, fine him in £2 and costs, and that he be imprisoned until the whole be paid.—Yesterday, William Clif- ford, late Schoolmaster on the Plenty, and quondam Chairman of the Melbourne De- bating Society, was brought up before the Police Bench, charged with having no visible nieausof support. It appears that on Monday opening lie came to the con stabulary at tho watch house, and demanded a night's lodging, which was afforded him, and he was brought before the Bench on the following morning. Clifford addrossed the Bench in regular Theatrical style, a la Nisbett, stating that he was in the most unfortunate position a man could possibly be placed in, namely, that he had not got the ghost of a shilling, 'twas true, 'twas pity, and pity 'twas, 'twas true. He was a pauper, and should therefore throw himself upon the magnanimous consideration of the Bench. On being told that the magistrates could give him three months as a rogue and vagabond, under the Vagrant Act, Mr. Clifford looked wondrous glum, and could not believe it. The Bench ultimately dis- charged thn case, and Clifford had to be turned out of the office. On getting outside he very comfortably squatted himself on the ground and basked in tho sunsliine for several hours. — The Police Office was yes- terday adjourned till eleven o'clock, after disposing of the above case, in consequence of the absence of Mr. James Smith. Mr. M'Lachlan whs puqotually at his post at ten o'clock. Mr. Smith arrived some time after eleven. It is really too bad to waste the public time in this manner. ABSTRACTING GOODS FROM A LIGHTER. — Yesterday the three men, Richard Pope, William M'Kidght, and William Pyles, were again placed at the bar charged with pil- fering cargo which they had been employed to take down to Hobson's Bay. It appears that the Messrs. Benjamin had shipped five coses and one cask of merchandise per itaivn, for Kaybceston, some time ago, and the goods were puton board tho 7bm Tough lighter, belonging to Captain Cole, and of which lighter Pylcs was master and tho fber two men ftsaistanls. Some time ngo Messrs. Benjamin received letters from their Iuiucoston correspondent stating that tho cases, &.c., had arrived, but a considerable fiortion of the goods were missing. Mr )avid Benjamin deposed that tho goods were shipped on the 25th November ultimo, and that the value of those missing was about £11. Some time ago he heard that Bome of the missing goods were 6een iu tire possession of Pylcs ; he saw a blue cloth capon Pyles' head, which he know to be his property- In company with Constable Sinclair he went to Pyles house and found another cap, which he identified as being one of thosa shipped for Launccston. Mr. Vernon deposed, that Pyles son came to his shop with a parcel and left it there for some time ; Mrs. Pyles aftcni-ards took 1t away ; it consisted of two pairs of tixiu- sers, R &fltin; vest, kid glores, &o.; ; she in formed him (witness) that she had purcliaecd the srtioles ; she took tbom away because she was afraid that her husband would burn them.' A clerk of Messrs. Benjamin de posed that he saw tho articles at Vernon's. Pope and M'Knight were discharged, there boing no evidence against them, and Pyles was fully committed to tako his triaL Boil was applied for, but refused. A Wages Case. — Yesterday, John Har rison brought a oomplaint of nou-pa3-ment of wages amounting to £0 16s. against bis late employer, G. n . Cole, Esq. Harrison it will be recollected was tried and ncquitted at the last Criminal Sessions for abstractiog sundry bottles of wine from the Melbourne lighter, of which he had tho charge. Hav ing been discharged lie now brought an ac tion for wages. Captain Cole acknowledged tho amount of wages due, hotpot In a set off of £3 8s. 4d, boing the amount for bottles of wine missing from the lighter. Tho Bench decreed that Harrison should be paid £3 7s. 8d and 3s. Gd. costs. Binding to we Peace -On Monday, a man named Alexander Boitk, was bound over in £40, and two sureties, to kep tho poace towards Mr. Evans, Carpenter ; the latter having sworn tbat he considered his life in danger, from the threatcnod violence of Beith. Tills is the person who destroyed the windows of Evans, and otherwise mali ciously injured his property. MuLTcif IN Parvo.— Tho Legislative Council of South Australia lias decided most unequivocally in iavor of the Cape route for steam. It has given strong reasons for its preference, and offered £250 to each vessel delivering English molls in the colony within seventy days. — Informa tion had reached Adelaide that Mr Bayley nephew to Cnptain Bagot, was drowped while crossing somo swamp near Mr. Jones'ij station on the Murray. It is said that whilo the horse he rode al tho time was embarrassed nnd struggling in tho mire, the unfortunate gentleman fell off and received a kick from the animal, which left him Beruelesdy immersed until life wai extinct. — The body was found a few hours afterwards and buried. The weather has beeo very changeable for the last fow days, bo muci so in fact it is not unusual to boo DBople hi their mus lins one part of the uayand wrapped up in 4 dreaduoughts during the other— The natives in the district of Nelson hare fivo hundred acres in cultivation this season. A horso un Monday was tied up to a pOBt op posite Mr. Eoaey t, and being frightened ran away breaking the bridle, but was caught be fore any damage had been done— Acting As sistant Surgeon Huxley, of H.M S. "Rattle snake," Iibb boen confirmed in his rank— The Wair»i district, at the back of Nelson, is said to contain some of the finest land in New Ze&land;, and tliB harvest . in that neighbourhood is expocted to be a very plentiful one this season. The receipts tor tho settlement of Nelson fbr'he quarter ceding September 30th, were £599, and the expenditure £58ft> Town property spams to be advancing in value in Gpolong — Mr. Forstor Laving disposed of land in Great and Llttle.Ryne-Btrcets, at the fol lowing rates t 44 feet at £2 per foot; 22 foot at £2 Is. per foot in Great Ryrie- etroct; 28 feet at £1 Is.; 23 feet at £1 per foot in Ryrio-street— Yesterday, a man of color named John Powers waa , "brought beforo\he Beach charged with having ab econded from the hired service or Mr- PameU, cooper, Elisabeth-street. lt,was discovered that he was cngagedatpiecework consequently the case did not oome ufadrr the Master and Servants' Act, and he vu therefore discharged. He was' immediately brought up again on another charge, name- ly, tiiat of violently assaulting tha bulary for which ho was fined 40a. ojj fault ouo months' imprisonment.-!.., whe was examined at the Police Offi Monday had such a quoer name could not spell it, and his opinions udq7 country which had given huh birth w very vague that he believed himself an Englishman. 