VAN DIEMEN'S LAND AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIETY. The Annual Meeting of ihe above Society was held in the Penitentiary Church, on Monday evening last. The chair was taken by His Excellency Sir W. T. Denison, who Jwus {attended by his nid-de cump. The Rev. P. Palmer oheoflhe secretaries, opened llie meeting wilh prayer. Uis Excellency then rose nnd in a short neat speech expressed the pleasure he derived from presiding at that meeting, and hoped that their proceedings might receive the Divine blessing. The Rev. 1''. Miller then read tlie report or the Society for the past year. This was a very lengthy document and contained many interesting end encouraging statements, particularly noticing the increase of demand* for (lie word of God. The following resolutions were then put and carried unanimously— Moved by the Rev, John Lillie, and seronded !iy the Rev. U. W. Gibbs— X. That the report now read be adopted, and that it be printed and circulated under the direction of the Committee. Moved bv the Rev. I'liiiip Palmer,and seconded by Dr. Officer— II. That this meeting views with satisfaction and thankfulness, the extensive circulation of the Holy Scriptures by the agency of the British and Foreign Bible Sotiety, and rejoices lo learn that tlie issues last reported exceed, by nearly half a million, those of any previous year. Moved bf the Rev, Dr. Bedford, and seconded by the RtV. J. A. Rlanton— III. That this meeting, remembering that the sacred volume is still far from being adequately supplied to the inhabitants of this colony, and to the world at large, recognise the importance of and perseverance in promoting the objects of this society, and especially solicits the active co-operation of parents and masters, and of superintend' ents and teachers of Sunday schools. Moved by the Rev, John Ham, and seconded by the Rev. William Day—supported by the Uiv George Oiler— IV. That it is incumbent on the friends of this society to pray that the Holy Ghost the comforter, the Lord and giver of life, may accompany, whercever it goes, the word of his grace—clothing it with power, protecting it from abuse, and " prospering it in the thing whereunto lie sendeth it," Moved by the Rev. Edward Freeman, and seconded by Mr. Medland— V That this meeting recognises the wisdom and goodness of God in employing h uman instrumentality in advancing his cause, and commends to his gracious guidance the officers and committee now appointed for conducting the business of this society during the ensuing year. Moved by Mr. James Barnard, end seconded by Dr. E. P. Bedford— VI. That the thanks of this meeting be given to His Excellency Sir VV, T. Denison for his kindness in taking the chair upon this occasion. The movers and seconders of the resolutions ably advocated the cause of the society, and the thanks of the meeting were expressed by the assembly rising when His. Excellency returned thanks. After singing the Doxology the meeting, which was a very numerous one, dispersed. A collection was made at the doors which amounted lo above £8. We were pleased to notice several clergymen of the Church of England present. 