EARL GREY'S VERY STRONG OBJECTIONS." Certainly, when the system of transportation to New South Wales has put an end to, the colony will be entitled to expect that every facility will be afforded them of recruit- ing from other sources Lord John Russell's Speech in the House of Commons, May 5, 1840. (From the Sydney Herald, March 22.) By a coincidence purely accidental, our paper of Saturday, in which the above Ministerial avowal was insisted upon as binding upon Her Majesty's present Government, contained also a piece of information recently received at Melbourne from Mr. Delegate Cunninghame ; namely, that in his communications with the authorities of Downing-street, he had found "that the Government appeared to have very strong objections to guarantee any loan for the furtherance of immigration." Now, we apprehend there needed no delegate to tell us this. Government always have had, have now, and probably will have to the end of the chapter, strong objections, very strong objections, to assist colonies either with money or with guarantees for money. No doubt they had very strong objections to guarantee the loan to Canada, having previously sunk a million of hard cash in the Rideau Canal ; very strong objections to guarantee half a million for emigration to Demerara ; very strong objections to pay off the debts of South Australia to advance £100,000 to the New Zealand Company; and to grant an annual sum for the expenses of the New Zealand Government. All this is very natural. But it is equally natural for self-love to yield at length to well- directed importunities. Like a ghost, Government will not speak till spoken to at least in the way of promise. It was to the importunity of Canada, though urged with the sword of rebellion, that the Home Government, despite their very strong objections, in the end gave way, conceding nearly all that Canada had asked. And to the importunities of friends at head-quarters were South Australia and New Zealand indebted for their ultimate triumph over these same formidable objections. And is New South Wales to be either so fanatical as to expect to overcome them without efforts equally energetic and persevering, or so craven hearted as to retire from the contest in despair ? No-let us " be just and fear not just to ourselves, and the very strong objections of Downing-street will yield by capitula- tion. Lord John Russell and Earl Grey should be reminded that upon them, as regards supplies of labour, the colony has very special claims. Under the Government of which they were members until 1841, were adopted the two great measures by which those supplies became seriously interfered with the discontinuance of transportation, and the raising of the price of land. This last measure, though not embodied in an Act of Parliament until the year after they went out, is still chargeable to them, because they were its actual originators and framers. Lord Stanley merely taking it up as he found it. Each of these measures was an act of excision. Though adopted with widely different views, the one being intended to put a stop to a flagrant evil, and the other to encourage a positive good, they yet equally served to cut off our supplies of labour. In the passage prefixed by way of motto to this article, Lord John Russell acknowledged that the determination then just come to by himself and his colleagues to put an immediate end to transporta- tion, would entitle us to expect that every facility would be afforded us of recruiting from other sources. By other sources, his Lordship meant, of course, free emigration from the United Kingdom and the Waste Lands Bill bequeathed by him to his successor was designed to make this source adequate to our wants. By fixing a high minimum price upon our waste lands, it was thought there would be conferred upon the colony the twofold benefit of an affluent land revenue, and a check upon the purchase of land by the labouring classes and by guaranteeing, on the faith of an Act of Parliament, the permanent appropriation of at least a moiety of that revenue to the introduction of emigrants from the parent country, it was anticipated that the colony would be abundantly supplied with people for carrying on its various occupations ; while that abundance would again induce capitalists to emigrate, whose investments would keep up the Land Fund, and advance the general prosperity. Lord John and Earl Grey ought to be told by the Legislative Council, again and again, that all this beautiful theory has proved to be but the baseless fabric of a dream. The high price has made land unsaleable ; the unsuitableness of land has destroyed the Land Fund as the destruction of the Land Fund has put a stop to immigration; the stoppage of immigration has not only impeded the progress of the colony, but has operated so baneful upon the minds of some of our employers of labour, and even upon a section of our representatives in the legislature, as to have induced them < to desire, and even to ask, the restoration of the convict slave-trade I We conceive, therefore, that these Ministers are bound by peculiar obligations to afford to New South Wales every facility of recruiting from immigra- tion and we think no British colony ever possessed arguments so clear, cogent, and irresistible as may be employed by us in appealing to the justice of the Supreme Government. Nor let us forget our claims on the national exchequer for a million spent in police and gaol, establishments. Now, if we do, not ply these arguments vigorously, how can we expect Ministers to get over their " very strong objections to do that in 1847 which is rendered necessary by their own doings in 1840 The stronger the objections the more resolutely ought they to be assailed. We would say, then, to the Council, as the great Captain said to the Guards at Waterloo, " Up, and at them 1" . Not literally, but enough to render it powerless is not in- ! strument of immigration on a large, steady, and permanent 1 scale. i A draft of the proposed regulations under the new j Squatting Act had been received by the Sydney Govern- '?? ment on the 29th March, copies of which had been i circulated amongst the friends of the colony in Eng- land . PROPOSED RULES ON THE OCCUPATION OF CROWN LANDS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. CAP. 1. CLASSIFICATION OF LANDS. Districts to be proclaimed by the Governor. Sect. I-The finds in the colony of New South Wales ! shall, For the purposes of the present order, be dealt with I in three classes accordingly as they may be situated in districts, to be denominated respectively as the unsettled, i intermediate, and settled districts and the Governor is j hereby authorised and required to establish in the colony, or in different parts of the colony, so many districts of each kind as he may judge necessary for the purpose of July distinguishing lands which ought to come respectively under one or other of the classes aforesaid and he is further authorized and required to determine, according to the best of his judgment, and to declare by proclama- tion, (he boundaries of such districts, designating them r< spectively, as being for the purposes of the present order, unsettled, intermediate, or settled districts, as the case may be. Boundaries of Districts. Sect. 2. In declaring the boundaries, the Governor will not be confined to any divisions already existing in the colony, but will adopt either the boundary lines of counties, or parts of the same, or a certain fixed distance from seaports and inland towns or villages, or a certain breadth from the banks of rivers along particular parts of their course, or a certain breadth from ranges of hills, or such other boundaries as circumstances may, in the opinion of the Governor, render most convenient. Boundaries not alterable, except by the Legislature. Seal. 3 -After the lapse of one year from the date of such proclamation as aforesaid, the boundaries shall not be altered by any subsequent proclamation of the' Governor; but it shall at any time be competent to the Colonial Legislature, by Act passed for that purpose, to extend the boundaries of the settled districts, or of the intermediate districts, so as to include in either one of them such larger extent of country as the progress of settlement may require. CAT. II. RULES TO BE IN FORCE WITHIN THE UNSETTLED DISTRICTS. Leases for Fourteen Years. Sect. Within the unsettled districts the Governor shall grant leases of runs for terms of fourteen years' du out on. Amount of Rent. Seal. 2. The rent shall be £10 for every four thousand sheep, (or equivalent number of cattle, according to such scale as may he established for the purpose by authority of the Governor,) which the run shall be estimated capable of earning, and £2 10s. more for every additional one thousand sheep or equivalent number of cattle Mode of estimating Number of Sheep which a Run will carry. Sept. 3-in order to estimate the number of sheep or cattle which the run will carry the occupier and the Commissioner of Crown Lands shall each name as arbitrator, with power to choose, if necessary, an umpire ; but if they cannot agree in the choice of the umpire, he shall be appointed by the Governor. The Rent of Runs not to interfere with the Assessment on Sheep and Cattle. Sect. 4. The above-mentioned amount of rent is to be exclusive of the existing assessment on sheep and cattle; and in no way to interfere with the right of the colonial Legislature to impose from time to time such assess- ment as may be considered advisable. When stall will be payable: and Penalty for Non-payment. Sect. 5. The rent shall be payable yearly in advance, at some time and place, specified in the lease. If not so paid, the leaseholder may be permitted to make good the default within thirty days, provided that he pays an additional sum equal to one-fourth of the rent due from him; but unless the whole amount so ascertained be paid within thirty days from the original rent-day, the lease shall be forfeited, and the holder be liable to summary ejectment and if shall be competent to any individual to I demand of the Governor, or any officer or officers acting by his authority for the present purpose, that a fresh lease of the run be offered to sale under the general rule, hereinafter provided for that purpose in section 9; and if any individual who duly acquires the fresh lease at such sale be obstructed by the previous leaseholder in obtaining the full possession and enjoyment of the rights conveyed under the said lease, he shall be entitled to his action at law against the previous leaseholder to recover possession, and all damages which he may suffer by such obstruction. During the Lease the Land saleable only to the Occupant. Seal. 6. During the continuance of the lease, the lands occupied as a run will not be open to purchase by the public ; but it will be competent for the Governor to sell to the leaseholder any of these lands, comprising not less than 160 acres, at a price not lower than the general minimum of £1 per acre. Reserves from Sale, and Special Prices. Sect. 7, The Governor, however, is not to be prevented from excepting from any Bitch sale any lands which it may appear to him necessary to reserve for any of the public uses, for which it is enacted by the 3rd clause of the Land Sales" Act, 5 and 6 Victoria, cap. 30, that lands may be excepted from sales made under that statute. And if there be reason to suppose that any of the lands applied for under the present section possess peculiar advantages, whether of water frontage or otherwise, which would render it fit that a higher price should be paid for them, the Governor, or any survey authorised by him for the purpose, may require them to be assessed by persons ap- pointed as provided in section 3, in order that if estimated by them at more than £1 per acre, the higher amount shall be paid for such lands accordingly. Present Occupants of Runs to be entitled to Leases. Sec. 8. All licensed occupants of Crown Lands at the time of this order in Council shall come into effect, shall be entitled to demand least of their runs under the present regulations. Mode of acquiring Leases hereafter of existing Runs. Seal. Individuals who may be desirous of acquiring any ross which, after being occupied, may either be forfeited, or fall vacant without the previous occupants exercising the right of renewal hereinafter reserved to him. shall be at liberty to send in sealed tenders at such times and places, and in such form, as shall be appointed for the purpose by the Governor, and the individuals so applying shall slate in the lenders whether in addition to the rent to be paid as hereinbefore provided in sections 2 and 3, they offer to pay any and what amount of premium for the lease; and the Tenders so made shall be opened simultaneously in the presence of two or more persons authorised by the Governor for the purpose; and the lease of the run shall be given to that person who renders the highest Hin uni of premium for the same. Should two or more enders, however, be made for the same run, and no one of them be higher than all the rest, a future day shall be announced by the persons who opens the tenders, on which day it shall again he competent to all persons to offer fresh tenders. Mode of acquiring Leases of New Runs. Sect. 10 In the case of any entirely new rule, which has never been occupied before but which any individual is desirous to acquire, he will be at liberty to send in a sealed tender at such line and place, or such times and places, as may be appealed by the Governor for receiving tenders for new runs and shall set forth in his tender clear description of the run for which the apples, and of the boundaries of the same; and slide state whether beyond the amount or real to be ascertained as hereinbefore provided, he offers any and at what amount of premium for the lease and such tenders shall be in all respects dealt with as hereinbefore provided in section 9, for tenders for runs which have fallen vacant save and except that if it shall occur that two or more individuals have tbusnpplied for different: runs, of which part of one would. coincide with part or the whole of another, the Governor or persons authorised by him to act in this behalf, shall declare what shall be the several runs for which it shall be competent to parties to tender; and another day shall then be named, at which all persons shall be at liberty to offer fresh lenders (or the runs. so determined. Mode by which a Lease may be forfeited. Sect. IIIA lease will be liable to forfeiture in three modes. It will be forfeited, as provided in section 5, for non-payment of rent. It will be forfeited absolutely upon any conviction of a felony. And a conviction by a justice of the district for any offence against the law may be inquired into within three months by two or more justices, who, if they think fit, may declare the licence forfeited with or without compensation for the value of the improvements, according to the gravity of the offence. Conditions of Sale after Expiration of a Lease. Sect. 12 Upon the expiration of a lease, it shall be competent in the Governor to put up any of all the lands included in a run to ante, subject to the following conditions : He shall have the option of purchasing the land for its fair value in an unimproved state, which shall never he estimated at less than the general minimum price of shell per acre. If declined by the leaseholder, the value of any improvements on the land offered to sale shall be ascertained by valuers named, as in section 3; provided that the sum so to be estimated and allowed for is in no case to exceed the uni o ii in of the actual outlay made by the leaseholder. The upset price shall then consist of the joint value of the land and the improvements; and if the land be sold, the latter amount shall be paid over to the leaseholder, and only the balance be returned by the Government. Conditions of Renewal. Sept. 13-16, however, no part of the run he sold, the previous occupant BIIUII be entitled to a renewal of his lease; or if any portions of his run, not amounting in all to one-fourth, be sold, he shall still be entitled to a renewal of his lease for the remaining parts of his run, subject to an increased rent, described in the following section of these Rules; and provided always that the boundaries of the different classes of land have not in the meanwhile been so far extended by the Legislature us to bring this run within the class of settled lands or that if brought within the class of intermediate lands, the occupant can only obtain a renewed lease under the 'Rules presently to be laid for that class of lands. Amount of Renton all after the First Lease of a Run. Sect. 14. The rent of every lease of a run after the first lease is to be paid by any new truant on the number of sheep and cattle which the run can carry in its improved instead of its unimproved state, (the number to be estimated in the same manner as provided for in section 3 ; but as an encouragement to improve, the former tenant, if he renew, shall be exempt from paying any increase beyond 50 per cent, upon the amount of his previous rent. CAP. III. RULES WITHIN INTERMEDIATE LANDS. Leases for Eight Years, but with a Liability to Sales, under certain Restrictions, at the end of every Year. Sect. t Within lands coming under this description, runs shall be acquired, held, and terminated exactly upon the same terms as above laid down for pastoral lands, excepting that the leases shall not be made for more than eight cars in durn tion and that at the end of each successive year, during the continuance of the lease itself, it shall be competent to the Governor, with notice as above provided, to offer any part or all the lands within any run to sale, subject to the weather! conditions in favour of the leaseholder as are above laid down in case of a sale at the expiration of the whole term of a lease of pastoral lands. CAP. MARBLES WITHIN SETTLED LANDS. Leases for a Year, and Permissive Occupation. Sect. Within the boundaries of the settled lands, it shall be open to the Governor to cram leases of unsold lands, exclusively for pastoral purposes, for terms not exceeding one year; and it shall further be competent to the Governor, if he deems it expedient, to declare certain general rules under which the holders of purchased lands within these districts may be permitted to depasture, free of charge, any adjacent Crown lands which are neither sold nor leased; provided that the depasturage of such lands, free of charge, shall in no way interfere with the right of the Government at any time to dispose of the same, either by sale or lease for one year, us above mentioned. 