. aPEECII-MAKIN G. Who has not known a pleasant party utterly dono ? for-every clement of its pleasantness ex- tinguished, by the demon of speech-making throwing, its wet blanket over it. The interest- ingcor.vors'.tion, thc smartly-maintained argu mont.'.the quick repartee, the good-humoured badinage-all paralysed in a moment by some unhappy speech-maker, who rises from his chair, like a ghost through a trap-door, and in an un- faltering stolid voice asks permission to propose a toast. It is granted . of course. You know that all is over-the blow has been, struck-en- joyment is lying, sprawling, under thc table, dying or dead. You may as well take.your hat and go homo disconsolately in the rain ; you know what will follows You know that tho wretch is going to propose your host's health yon know all that.a creature of tho kind says he is always sure'that tho toast he is about to give requires no comment-that its object re- quires no eulogium from him.to make them all do that toast due honour. They all know, their friend-their excellent, their. valued frienS^and that, as surely as he is known, he is esteemed -that they all can and do appreciate those many excellent qualities which have so generally en- deared him, either as a husband, a father, or a friend. Knowing this, and feeling this, he did believe himself called upon to, &c.; &c..;&cs; All 'tho commonplace cant of compliment is duly gone through ; and the mischief is, that the '¡matter don*t end heres Tho toastee (there is no law against coining words as against coining half-crowns) is in duty bound to return thanks-, which process he performs by disclaiming seri ? atim all tile flattery lavished upon him, and loo often winding . up by plastering it more upon another'^ who In his "turn repeats the interesting operation'.* And so it goes round : the mania is as catching as tho small-pox. Everybody pro- poses everybody else's healths ? It would bc an insult given to leavo out anybody- received, to bc loft out by everybody*. Conversation, amus ?: .:?:' . . " . -'I " ? ing or instructive, gives place to a vapid round of compliments, neither instructive, nor amus- ing, nor sincere. You no more mean what you say when you make an ordinary buttering after dinner speech, than you do what you write when you finish a letter with ' your most obedient ser- vant,' and address it to a fellow whom you mean to kick the first time you catch him. 