A ROMANCE OE REAL LIEE. lr will lie in the recollection of our traders, that somcwhcie ill). nit three months ago a female was observed to leap from the parapet of I lutehesoii's Bridge, and that notice was taken of the suicide at the time in the news papers. On the same day, the wife of a dyer residing in llutchi-soutovvn went antissing, am! some family quarrel having occurred previous to Iter leaving the house, it was not doubted that she was the individual who had gone over the bridge ; Imt weeks elapsed and no appearance »f the body. The poor man was left with two children, one two years old, and the other two mouths or thereby, who were give'n out to nurse. The matter remained in this state of suspense till about five weeks ago, when the persons employed in raising sand from the river opposite Gorbals Church came upon the body of a female, who, from the decomposed state of the body, was at once believed to he that of the female who had two months before jumped from the bridge. The body was floated into a shell, and carried to the Gorbals 1'olice-OfHce. In the course of the afternoon it was examined by various parties, and among otlier5 hy the dyer, who, having his own opinion hacked hy some of the neigh- hours and acquaintances of tile missing female, was satisfied that the body was that of his wife — claimed it as such — had her removed to his lodgings, and decently interred therefrom. In the meantime, a society, in which the dyer was a member, having inquired into the circumstances, were satisfied, and paid the widower .CI, to defray the funeral charges. The children were continued at nurse, ami the neighbours were led to believe that a marriage would speedily change the disconsolate w idower into a husband once more, and the nurse into the character of step mother of her young charge. But although matters were in this hopeful state of progression towards a consum mation devoutly wished for hy both parlies, an unexpected incident put a damper on their anticipation, and, for the present at lca .t, blasted their hopes. One day, last week, when the husband was at work, and his landlady engaged in preparing the dinner of her husband and his lodger, who both work in the same establishment, she was interrupted by a most fearful and inex plicable apparition. On lifting her eyes from the " kail pat" to examine an intruder on the privacy of her kitchen, she beheld — (?) — the ghost of her lod ger's drowned, buried, and duly mourned for wife I — not as is usually said to he the case with ghosts — in a winding- sheet, or white clothing — hut in an ex cellent di ess of black, will) a bonnet ; and instead of a face cold, pale, and clammy, as when she last saw it in the coffin, with sparkling eyes, chubby face, and cheeks showing the rosy hue of warm bloud, and good keeping. The landlady stared wildly, screamed so loudly as to alarm her neighbours right and left, and — swooned. Tile parties thus frightened from their propriety, nislied in to learn the cause — when tl.ey found that although the husband had Ik.- n di/iny almost every day since his bereavement, was about to he mar ried to a sreonti wife, his first was about to reap the reward of his dtjiny for many dais yet to come. On the husband being made acquainted with the circum stances, his consternation at the discov ery, If more masculine, was at least equal in intensity to that of the land lady, while the chagrin of others of the parlies was not lessened by the chuckle ot the stranger, as she knowingly whis pered, 1 e liiMchi 1 was dead and buried, hut you see 1 can manage to spoil a vvnddt'ii yell" The -'dead alive, " it appeared, had g":ie on a visit to some acquaintances in the west country, w hence she emigrated on hearing of the intended marriage, and is now called, hy vvay of distinction, " I he Wife of lleith." The society question remains yet, we believe, undecided.— Clasjuw Cons i'tiliimul. 