EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE. The Romans intend erecting a colossal statue, in bronze, on Monto Pincio, to commemo rate their gratitude to the Pope. His Holiness is to be represented with one arm pointing to heaven, and trampling on the chains of tyranny. The London and North Western Railway Company have been testing a newly invented electric telegraph, at the London end of their line, and the experiment having proved satisfactory, they are making arrangements to lay it down along the whole of their line from London to Liverpool. Mr. Cobden was present a few days ago at a grand banquet given to him by the vine pro prietors of La Garonne. The Commissioners of the Woods and Forests are, it is said, in treaty for St. Leonard's Park, formerly occupied by the late Mr. Dawson, as a residence for her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, it being intended to convert Frogmore House into a Royal nursery. The manor has 70 acres of land attached to it. In the night of the 24th of August, a dreadful fire broke out at Adrianople, in the popu lous Jewish quarter of that city, and, in spite of the utmost eflborts to arrest the progress of the flames, destroyed in a few hours 600 houses, large and small, 110 magazines of merchandise, 40 taverns, six synagogues, and several stores. Above 1000 families are without shelter, and the damage caused by this conflagration is estimated at more than 18,000,000 of Turkish piastres. A letter from Rome of the oth Sept. states, that the Pontifical Government had decided on disbanding the Swiss troops in its service, and that a special agent had been sent to Switzerland from the Pope to negociate a treaty to that effect with the Helvetic Government. Mr. Haydon, son of the late celebrated artist, who was appointed by Sir Robert Peel to the situation of Landing Waiter in the Customs' Department, has entered upon the term of proba tionary instruction usual previously to any person, so appointed, performing any actual service. The Journal de Liege contains the follow ing advertisement:-" A. P., captain of infantry, having announced in the journal of the 8th that he will not acknowledge or pay any debt contracted by his wife, she thinks it right, in her turn, to inform the public that she will not pay any debt contracted by her husband, and that her pecuniary resources enable her to pay her debts much better than her husband can pay his." The first stone of the new normal school was laid ait Crnstantinople,on the 1st of September, with great ceremony,all the ministersbeing present. A letter from Rome of the 5th Sept. says: ~" Some disturbances have occurred at Ancona the people distributed wine amongst the soldiers. At Jesi, the populace pillaged a house where Gre. gory XVI. had passed a night; it is even said that his bust was dragged through the streets." A letter 'from Erzeroom of the 209th Aug. states that the cholera at Teheran had in some degree subsided, but that it was making great rav ages at Kasvine, Zenginau, Korum, and Cachan. The mortality at Teheran had been great, but less than in 1835. Amongst the victims at Teheran, or in the camp of the Shaw, were the Minister for Foreign Affairs,theiKeeper of the Seals, the Farache Bachi, Ismael Khan, and Mr. Robert Glean, an attach? of the British embassy. On the night of the 15th Sept. a fire burst out in the hotel of the Crown, at Tavannes, in Switzerland, not far from Berne. There were 33 foreigners staying at the hotel. Six of them perished in the flames. M. Immer, Engineer-in chief of the Canton of Thun, was on the point of jumping from a window, when the floor fell in with a loud crash and lie perished. Two more persons have since died from their wounds. Most of the travellers were Englishmen. Out of our forty-two colonies, twenty-five eniov a local reoresentative constitution. The Infunta Luisa, the destined bride of the Duke de Montpensler, is stated to be one of the richest partis In Europe, lHer father, Fordinand, left at his death a private fortune of nearly sixteea million plastres to his two daughters, to be equally divided between them. It is probable that this suait may have been somewhat reduced during thie civil wars which have afflicted Spain, for money has always been found inlluential throughout their continuance. The fortune of Donna Lulsa is, how. over, estimated at from 24 to 25 millions of francs, or a million sterling ; and to this must be added an allowance of three millions of reals, which she receives from the State, though this amount would be cut down if Queen Isabella were to have an heir to the crown. It is to be noticed as a most remarkable thing, that notwithstanding the excitement in some quarters at the idea of a glut of foreign corn, an almost unprecedented circumstance occurred a day or two ago, namely the sale of two cargoes of Lin. colnshire wheat, to be shipped direct from Lincoln. shire to France. The Cou'rrier Belge of the 5th September contains an accountof the late fire at Leipsic, which broke out on the evening of the 20th ult., at the Hotel de Pologne, and which continued to rage during the whole night. A correspondent of the Gazette de Cologne states that three persons lost their lives by the falling of a roof, and that five or six others were seriously wounded ; but the Gazette Universelle Allemande, which is published at Leipsic, officially announces the number of killed at five and wounded at nine. A policeman had been dismissed from tihe Birmingham force because he refused to go down a lane which was on his beat, where he said he had seen his uncle's ghost. On the morning of the 31st Oct. while the workmen at the Hamburg Theatre were hoisting to its place a splendid bronze chandelier for gas lights, just brought from London, and weighing above 10,800lbs., the rope broke, and the enormous mass, falling to the ground, was broken to pieces, crush. ing two Englishmen who had come over to super. intend its being suspended. Letters from Naples announce that the extreme heat had entirely dried up the country parts. The peasants could find no water for their cattle, which were perishing of thirst, and making the air resound with their cries. The shepherds saw their sheep dying daily before their eyes for want of pas. turage. The Governmentwas occupied in despatch. ing water to the districts which suffered most from the drought, at a certain rate of quantity per family. In some parts of the country water was sold at the price of wine. The capital alone was exempt frome the sufferings of this extraordinary drought, which had already led to tumultuous movements among the people. A despatch had been received at Lloyd's from the East India-house enclosing the copy of a letter from Lieut. Barker, of the East India Corn. pany's steam-vessel Victoria, announcing that, on the 14th of August last, smoke was observed to issue from the suminit ot Saddle Islartd, in lat. 151 N., long. 421 12' E. The weather at the time was very squally with thunder and lightning. Saddle Island is one of a group of volcanic islands in the Red Sea, called the Zebayer Islandd, lying in the direct course of vessels passing up and down. Gibel Seer, in lat. 15° 32' N., long. 41° ,55" E., appears to have been in active operation at a much later period than the Zebayer Islands. It was observed to be smoking when visited by the ofli. cers of the Benares during the survey of the Ited Sea, but never since. There is a tradition among the Arab pilots of its having been on fire some fifty years ago, and it bears among many of them the name of Gibel Dooklhan, or Hill of Smoke. In consequence of the fall of the Seine, from the long absence of rain, there has been dlis. covered, at a place called Le Port i I'Anglaise, near the bridge of Charenton. a square stone, on which is an inscription,signifying that on the 25th August, 1767, the river retired as low as that spot: and hence it may be inferred that it has not for eighty years sunk so low as it now is. Two officers of the Belgian Customs, stationed at Rouvrois-sur-Cethian, seized, in the night of the 13th Sept., a cart containing, in t?co cases, 250 pistols with daggers made to dart out by a secret spring, the value of which are estimated at 1,500f. They were manufactured at Liege, and destined for Paris. The driver was, or at least pretended to be, ignorant of the nature of his load. A Company is being established in Lon don to supply the community with bread, to be made from the best wheaten flour, at 4d. the four.pound loaf, which will include a profit of 5 per cent., as well as the actual cost of material, wages, &c.; Their capital is to be £200,000. No fewer than 120 Members oftthe present House of Lords sit by virtue of peerages grant(d since 1820. A fatal disease has appear amongst hares in tile north of England, numbers being found dead in the fields. Intelligence hasbeen received of thedeathi of G. H. Ward, Esq.,at,his residence in Hertford,at an advanced age. The deceased gentleman was father of the Honourable Secretary to the Admiralty. He was the author of "Tremaine," and formerly held the office of one of the Lay Lords of the Board of the Admiralty. 