A VOYAGE FROM SYDNEY TO SOUTH AUSTRALIA AND BACK AGAIN ; WITH MEMS, SOCIAL, POLITICAL, 1 AGRICULTURAL, MORAL, AND MINING. I CHAPTER VTJI., AND LAST. I THE reader is probably aware that the state cabins of coasters (as the cupboards for the nocturnal confinement of travellers are called) are divided into two sleeping shelves, on which tiie occupants lie, one over the other, in layers -like calicos in shops, or bodies in a family vault The lower shelf is almost level with the floor of the cabin-the upper is about four feet above it ; and, as one or the other must be the more commodious of the two, he is (.in my judgment), in a limited degree, a benefactor to his species, who enables intending voyagers to profitably select in this particular Take my advice, then, and always choose the upper one. It is true that getting into a bed fixed at such a height is a somewhat violent proceeding ; but when you acquire the knack of poising yourself on the wash-hand-stand, before hurling yourself into bed, the task be- comes comparatively easy. With the single exception, then, of getting in and getting out (which latter operation is done? by a somerset -soon acquired), the upper ^erth is so supe- rior to the lower one, that I shall never for a moment hesitate between the two. In the first place, tiie boards of the upper berth, upon which the bedding rests, sometimes come out, and fall altogether-boards, bedding, and bed- fellow-down upon the sleeper below ; and it such an accident is to happen at all, it is much better that you should fall upon your friend, than that he should fall upon you. Again, whenever the man in the upper berth is too timid to throw himself out at once, and fishes about with his feet for a landing, , whilst he holds on with his hands, he ten to one misses his footing altogether, and whilst you are won- dering where the legs are going to, or what they are about to do, they conclude by slipping into your berth, and standing upon your face, or stomach, before you can roll out of the way. Besides this, the cockroaches walk much more upon the lower man than they do upon the upper one, taking liberties with him, as if he were a person of less consequence-a servant a slave, or a mummy, belonging to the other, and stowed away under his bed as of no im- portance. For these, and other minor reasons, it was that I-now that an additional complement of passengers compelled us into two's for each state cabin-at once choose the upper bedding place ; and knowing as I did, for sixteen days and nights, what a nuisance I was to my neighbour, I never regretted my choice. At about sunset of the day of our departure from the wharf at Fort Adelaide, we drew away with the stream, and fell down the har- bour with the tide. Darkness comes upon us, and the tide is out, before we get to the nar- row mouth of the harbour, and therefore we drop our anchor, and defer crossing the bar . until next morning. Presently, a boat, con« taming the new passengers, who have been spending every moment they could spend on shore, is seen cutting through the dark and leadên-eolored water to the ship. There are the " Phantom's" owner, two new passengers, a stout passenger (a most amiable and gentle- man-like Crown Land Commissioner, of Port Phillip), a tall one, the stout one's dog ; and trunks and band-boxes for alL We are intro- duced by the Captain, and bow in the dark to each other, or to the boatmen, or to the sailors (we are not certain which), and tea-time^eing read}', we descend to the cabin, to eat stt-aks, drink tea, and examine each ether there. *A couple more of sea captains have come down the harbour with us, in order to have a parting yarn with our Captain, and, as usual, when two or three skippers are gathered together in one place, they start a pleasant conversation (for those just commencing a voyage) about that ship-the "Thomas" or "John" something -which want to the Mauritius with wheat, and has never since been heard of, which na- turally leads to the mention of at least a dozen other vessels, which at different times have been run down, gone ashore, or foundered in gales of wind. Conversation dwells in par- ticular upon the "Sophia Pate," which was our mate's contribution to the general entertain- ment, confirmed by a professional brother, who ? said he could remember it well)¿ which, having run upon a reef of rocks, and there lain for weeks, until all the food was consumed, the crew were at length driven to pick out and eat the oakum rom between the deck planking, to keep themselves from starving, until this failed, when the captain said they must cast lots, and that, as it was fitter for boys to die than grown-up men, the boys must cast lots among themselves. That upon this, one of the boys said he thought all ought to take their chance alike, and that the lot ought not to be confined to the boys-for a boy's life was as much to him as any other person's life was to him ; and that the captain said, "Let's have none of your d-d impudence, but get ready at once ;" and how that they did get ready, and that the lot fell upon one, and. that the ship's butcher was called upon to kill the boy, and refused, and leaped overboard, and de- stroyed himself, and that the boy then offered to kill himself, and did so by cutting his own throat, and was eaten by the rest bf the crew, who were soon after picked up off the wreck by a passing vessel, which thought the people on the wreck could not be in want of food, for they had provisions hanging at the stern, which the narrator said was only one of the legs of the poor boy. As the conversation has taken this san- guinary turn-not a strikingly pleasant one, even when you are safe on shore, and much too exciting when you are at sea-we withdraw at once to our dormitory, and climb into bed, and in a few moments, notwithstanding the hor- rible narratives we have been regaled with, are fast asleep. Before light next morning, the " Phantom" was under weigh, over the bar, and standing down the Gulf of Saint Vincent,-with a fair wind. "We began to calculate (as people always ; will calculate, and look into the dark womb of the future-always darkest at sea) about the probable time of our arrival in Sydney. "Let's see (says one), seven days going down to Ade- laide-seven days we have been in port-and, say seven days back again. The passage home to Sydney has been done in five, but say seven, or to be liberal, and on the safe side, ten. This will make the voyage (usually a six weeks' one) only twenty- four days in alL and if we do ' it seven days, then only twenty-one. How shall we astonish the natives." " What will they think of the ' Phantom ?' cries one ; to . which our friend the north countryman (who is still with us, and sleeps under my bed), cries j " Eh, its grand, Sirs," and jerks himself along ; the poop, snapping his fingers, and chuckling i as if Sydney Heads were already in sight, in- stead of being, as they are, twelve hundred miles away. Alas ! what short-sighted, childish creatures we are. Our captain-who, by the bye, is as i capital a fellow as ever trod a deck-has been trying in vain to put down this rising spirit of prophecy among us, from, as I believe, the good-natured desire to save us from disap- pointment. It is strange how contemptuous, if not absurdly incredulous, some of us were to his not veiy new doctrine, "that the winds are uncertain, and that we must expect bad luck mixed with good." They are deaf. But when the wind chops round, and before we are half-way down the Gulf, becomes dead a-head, we see plainly we are not to have it all our own way. On Friday evening, we left Adelaide, and although we have only sixty miles to do, to get out of the Gulf, that distance is not accom- plished even by Sunday night. In short, for seven or eight days after tins, the wind was as foul as if, to use the Irish chief-mate's words, "they had done it from spite." From exultant anticipation ol an early arrival in Sydney, we gradually become resigned to an ordinary pas- sage, and at last grow apathetic even under the apprehension of a very long one. There is nothing for it but to eat and drink in despera- tion, and play whist and loo, and romp with the dog, and set him at the goat-who some- times butts the dog on his back, and makes him howl an almost articulate " murder"-and fish for barracoota with no other bait than a great staring tenpenny nail, fastened upon a lump of red cedar, in such a manner as to make it an insult to any fish's understanding to lay it before bis gills, for their acceptance. And yet these most stupid fish are thus caught by dozens-coming in companies about this simple contrivance, hooking and unhooking themselves, and then coming back again, as if enamored of the nail, and never seeming to be easy in their minds until they are hauled upon deck, and are opened for salting. This adverse wind, too, is not without profit j in other respects. It is certain that, when we do get on shore, we shall relish it. No one who has ever slept, or endeavoured to sleep, whilst standing upon his head in a gale of wind at sea-no one who has ever lis- tened to his neighbour knocking himself to pieces in his cabin, and swearing frightfully during the operation-no one can have ever shaved at sea, at the risk of amputating his nose, slicing off bis chin, or cutting bis throat -no Christian heart that has ever been touched by the sound of that frightful tumble^of some . very heavy passenger down stairs-no one who has heard his opposite neighbour crying out from his little hospital of a state cabin to the steward, " for God's sake to come again"-no one wlm has ever lain, crushed, humiliated, al most spirit-broken, upon the top of his own v hat, coats, telescope, boots, and Blair's Ser- ¡ mons, all combined into a little chaos of their \ own ; whilst the wind is howling through the r^ogino». and the raging sea is leaping and ! roaring its wildest within a few inches of his ear-no one can have seen done, and heard all those things, without acquiring an intense and passionate appreciation, even to very weakness, of his own particular four-poster in his own quiet and uneonvulsed bed-róom, in the (as it then appears to him at sea) lovely City of I Sydney. Thus "sweet are the uses of our marine adversity." On our tenth day out, at about eleven o'clock in the morning, we sight a vessel a great way off, with royals and studding-sails set, coming towards us. The practised eye of our captain at once pronounces her, from her general phy- siognomy, to be the Dorset" brig, from Syd- ney, bound for Adelaide. She soon nears us, and we set to work analysing each other with telescopes. As the vessels pass on their dif- ferent ways, and the captains roar questions . and answers at each other through speaking j trumpets, what a steady, concentrated, and collective stare, all thc people cf each vessel bestow on the other. We recognise a Sydney friend on hoard, and we wonder if he has tumbled out cf bed much during his passage hitherto. Soon the vessels are at a great dis- tance from each other on their trackless ways, and still we find our eyes ever falling upon the little " Dorset," as doubtless the little " Dor- set's" eyes were upon us. So absorbing and peculiar is the interest which one box of human . beings feels for another, when encountering far away upon the desolate and mighty deep. They look so completely at the mercy of the power to which they have committed them- selves-an observation which, in all probability, the " Dorset" also makes upon us. Tiie next object of interest is Cape Otway, which we can see at about six o'clock in the morning of our twelfth or thirteenth day out At the same time, we sight two other vessels, a barque and a brig, both beating in the same direction as ourselves, in the endeavour to double the Cape. We soon got near enough to the barque to employ upon her the flag lan- guage invented by Captain Marryatt, and we ask. what she is, which is not considered so rude a question at sea as it would be for one stranger to walk up to another, and put the same question on shore. Nevertheless, the barque takes no sort of notice, but scuds away as if she did not see us, which is the first time I ever witnessed one vessel regularly cut ano- ther at sea. Our captain is disgusted, and says the barque's a beast. I charitably suggest that perhaps she might have been jolly last night and is not yet quite up and dressed, and fit for conversation; and this really looked something j like the fact-for about an hour after, and long ; after we have hauled down our flags and re ! tired back upon our own dignity, the barque I runs her ensign up, and thus recognises our j existence. As, however* she has nothing to ! say, we suspect she is dumb, and altogether destitute of flags to express an idea-she is a clipper, however, for we hold together for a couple of days, and leave her on the second night after we have made her acquaintance. She was recognised as the "Waratah," from Adelaide to Port Phillip, and has made the quickest passage of the season from London to South Australia. As for the brig, a meian-1 choly little tub called the " Union," we ran ! away from her altogether a few hours after we i saw her. j Tiie next afternoon, we have a most pictu- j resque thunder-storm, which has been brewiug all day, in a lurid, leaden coloured sky, and comes clattering over our heads at sun-down, in sublime style. Away comes the glorious south- wester sweeping over the deep, as it bursts, in the fulness of its power, out of the masses of angry clouds behind us. The thun- j der roars, as if it were rolling away into the very depths of old ocean : the lightnings blaze away and " fork out" their finest patterns, to lend sublimity to the scene. The wind moans and howls a melancholy dirge amongst the rigging ; whilst the seas, mounting and curling, come hissing and careering after us, as. if they were wishing they might get the little "Phan- tom," which, up to everything, takes to her heels at once, and goes foaming over the deep under double-reefed topsails, as if exulting in the excitement of running through the thick of it This burst, however, soon blows itself out, and in about an hour it sinks into a gentle and fair breeze, with which, resuming all sail, we quietly glide into Bass's Straits. In the morning all is a dead calm. Doubts begin to be entertained by some whether we shall ever get to Sydney with such adverse weather. We can scarcely fish with any spirit nor are we moved much, even by the sight of a large shark, which appears just under the quarter of the vessel, in an attitude of contem ! plation, as if meditating upon the flavour of the ! Crown Land Commissioner-by far the juiciest j man among us-who, unconscious that he has : excited the shark's regards, is hanging; listlessly ; over the side of the vessel. But at this point, when our hopes are at the lowest our bad luck ends. A cats-paw comes gently crumpling the j surface of the sea. It grows to a little breeze, ; Away we go" again, Another large barque is . in sight She is hove-to, and we see her broad- side on, evidently waiting for us. She lowers a boat as we near her. Her mate comes on board, with his captain's compliments, and wishes to know how our barometer is, for his is very low ; and he and his vessel appeared to be seized 1 with a kind of shivering fit, at being among the islands of Bass's Straits, with the prospect of j thick and dirty weather coming on. Our friend is the " Euphrates," from London, and wishes to know whether we intend to run. Our cap- tain says certainly, and invites the " Euphrates" to run with him-as he (our captain) is well acquainted with the part, and expects to get quite free of the islands before sundown. All our captain asks in return is, that the mate of the " Euphrates" will, when she gets to Sydney, report the " Phantom," as seen in Bass's Straits, which the mate of the " Euphrates," with the utmost good faith,' promises to do. Of course we are all diverted at the mate's delusion, in fancying that he is is to get to Sydney first and in order to show that we have been only quizzinff, we first escort the " Euphrates" fairly past the islands, and then we take to our heels again, and run out of sight of her before dark, and never stop until we get to Sydney. We made the Heads at night* The weather was thiek and rainy, and great was the excite- ment as, aloft and below, eyes were distributed about the vessel, looking out for the friendly light-that light, at the first sight of which, so many a sea and storm wearied heart has leaped with an almost childish joy. First, the mate, who is aloft, sees and proclaims " A light Ho !" and to the quick and nervous question of the captain, " Where-away ?" answers, " On the lar- board bow." Presently several others see it, and I work my eyes so desperately hard to see it too, and that so successfully, that at length I see seven or eight lights at least This parti- cular light however, proves to be a deceiver, for in a few minutes we find, from the altera- tion of its bearing, that it Ls plainly moving, and at last some one exclaims "why it's the " Shamrock"-and sure enough it is the "Shamrock," looking, as she passes away in the darkness and mist, like the ghost of a steamer, rather than a steamer itself. Soon, however, the real revolver casts its bright beam across our view, and slowly, and-with the faint- est breath of wind, we glide towards the har-1 hour. Such was the natural excitement of making land at night that only two passengers j went to bed, and I was not one of them. Wc j pass between the Heads, and astern of the j "Sir George Seymour," lying (with all her contents apparently fast asleep) near the Sow and Pigs". In another half hour we drop our j anchor, as we bear up at the Battery Point, and our voyage is at an end. Can it be possible that night is at an end too,, and we have never been to bed ? Truly it is sp, as Iago says, - - Pleasure and action maka the boara teem abort Day begins to dawn, and in this first fresh sober light of mora, with no Eving thing on I' the move bul ourselves, the harbour looks Uke -. v j some br^auiifulltajiaja picture. Webavestolea in like a phantom, and people iirfll go down in \ the morning and fiud.the little; clipper lorädcg \ as composed, as if she had been lying <& the Battery Point for a week. And now ail our thoughts are at home. We have been absent from Sydney a month and two days. In that time what may not have oe , curred? Some of the dear young bright eyes j we left behind ns, may, whilst we were «way, have become quenched for ever. We almost run from the Circular Wharf through the silent : and deserted streets, as these fearful thoughts grow upon us. Nobody is yet up in our street, and I reach my own house, but can make no- thing of the outside of it. I cannot discover from the expression of the street door whether mutes have been lately standing there, or whe- ther funerals have been lately performed about the premises, so that I am obliged at last to muster up courage and ring the belL The imaginary character of such apprehen- sions, the levity of these papers will sufficiently show. So as I have reached home at last, of which fact some others are probably as glad as I am, I shall at once make my bow to my ex- cellent and good-natured readers, as I write my last words, vos válete, et plaudite. 