MECHANICS' INSTITUTE LECTURES. ON LIGHT LITERATURE : BY DR. PATON. (Continued from Examiner, page 008.) Such are some of the characteristics of the novel writing and novel reading influences which appear on the surface of the question. Let us go a little deeper into the subject of fictitious compositions. Of these the drama,orrather the dramatic poem, takes the first place. But here,as regards reading,tt is evident that many pieces which will do for the stige will not suit the closet: they depend so often on action, and what is termed stage effect, that much of this leeitimate influence is mollified by mere mental, as dis:tict from visual present. tion. Indeed it Ihas been said with considerable point, that "a drama not written for the stote, is like a ship not built for the water." It must be remembered that the drama had its original structure determined by its exclusive adaptation to the stage; and it must therefore be unavoid ably subject to defects when wrested from its primal mode of presentation, and when the ima gination has to supply the positions--the grouping -the tone - gestute-and living passion which enactment would furnish to the eye and the ear. Of tarratise poetry it is one of the peculiar charms, that both the internal working and the outward exhibition of passion is forcibly depicted to us; but this power tile writer for the theatre delegates to ihe performers. The unrepresented drama is in its nature incom patible with this effect, since the characters, if naturally delineated, must frequently be placed in such complicated situations s sto forbid the verbal expression of inward emotion. In the written drama-the drama not theatrical -there is, therefoie, more difficulty in keeping up an interest, and that mystery which makes so much of the interest; and on this account it is they so far succeed in thlis department of ficticn, or rather, that so few readers are to be met with who will calmly consider such works on theirtnere merits ofstyle, sentiment, and pathos. We want both action and poetry on the stage, but rather action; both poetry and inlident in' the closet, but rather poetry. Of the strictly drarmatic poem, as well as of thle theatrical drama, there are but few readers, and it is on the detailed or narlralive drama, whether in prose or verse, that I wish to say a few words. These shall be, lst, the construction ; 2ndly, of the characters; and 3rdly, of the mural tendencies of such compn ,iltls?ts: I will then conclude with *a very few briefrremarks on thle advantaves of a select sulpply of works of fiction for tlhe libraries of this and similar inslitutiuons. The narrative drama may, like the theatrical, be either tragic or comic, wilth all the variety of corpduct and catastrophe which these two kinds of fiction afford or adlmit of. The tragi-comic character is, however, more common thani either of the simple forms; while a few writers have thought fit to adopt the line of broad farce. Painfult catastrophles in the tragic department are notso common as happy terminations. They require mote tulent,accd to the majority of readers they are much less satisfactory ; and. It is the usual practice to distribute as much poe!ical hippiness among the haracters in the concludinct scenes as is consistent with justice andwithl the structureof the story. Every wise author's chief care is to follow nature; avoiding on the one hand ittnsipidity, as thist hardly ever fgils to make thle reader shun the book, and on ithe other.hand, irn probability, as that makes every judicious reader feel ithat he is hating not a fiction merely, but a falsehood pawnedon him,and that iheis insulted by such dralts on hiscredulrty. If lose, orambilorn, or surrow, or pity, or terror, or remorse, be either all or in part only emptloyed, as is the case in the mixed class, they must be so managed as to pro ducea harmonious close; a finale whicih leaves onyijtleasntrable impressions. While thenarra. tive ought to be lively,and clear of those incum brunces which the desire to write a fine style, or a deternminate quantity is so apt to prorduce; it should alis' be continuous, or unbroken by episodes and digressions. Even tie preliminary and mock heroic pages and chapters of Tom Jones are passed over by the reader, as are those digressions in which anrauthur's vanity or love of satire leads him to indulee. Tire readers of such works do not take them up for tile perusal of didactic discussions; and their ciwn self-esteem, as well as patience, is disturbed by the egolism of the writer. Nor can episodes and story within story be well tolerated. No one cares for an acquaintance thus intruded on him, who is more over to be distbissed immediately and for ever, opd who suspends, often most absurdly, the main business of the piece, anid confuses our recollec tioa of the real characters. These digressions and subsidiary plots also interrupts tile mainr one; and although there may be a story witllput a plot at all, yet if there is to be one it should be jcdi. ciously planned, conducted, and developed; otherwise "the breach is better thitan the obser vance." This cannot be done without artistic skill, and some authors have been so deficient in this respect as to have puzzled themselhes, and been obliged to rcut the knot they had entangled beyond their own power to unravel. Multiplicity, as well as novelty, of incident is a necessary puart of this mixed composition; but tihe incidents must hie also interesting in them. selves. Marvels and improbabilities are nlso bad; and monsters, ghosts, and chimeras of all kinds, must, if introduced, be limited to worlds of their own; to times hod countries in which there is a tacit agreement to admit that the actors in the tale believed in them, although we do not. Those renders who delight to wonder and shudder, may tremble by sympathy with some heroine of romance, although they would have too little credulity to do so for themselves. Anachronisms also must be avoided, especially those which trench upon ouir own times; in those who know history they produre contempt or indignatio,; on, those who do not they leaven false impression w hich, being tile first, is, as the old saying his it, c moie ditficult to unlearn than to learn the true." But there are other kinds of extravagances and marvels- marvels in morals and conduct, marvels in occurrences and coincidences and discoveries; marvellous persons, marvellous passions, mar vellous goodness, marvellous wickedness, and marvellous generosity. These caricatures are offensive, because they are mixed up with the common life and common sayings and doings of common agents If the writer choose to lay his venue amonrg castles, and banditti, and ghostsi; in forests, and caverns,-in the bosom of Appe nines of his own creation, and icn the reign of the Three Kings of Cologne,-it .may be all very well: lie may employ all the applaratus of dun geons, and chains, and midnight music, and "murdered ghosts;"' he may manufacture men and women for the occasion-men who were fit foIbr nothing but to slay and poison, and women who were fit for nothling hut to weep and die. lie may do all this, or make any other mnnstrosi ties: will lie be read ? lie need not fear; lihe will be read at the idling places rind elsewhere, nor want a due share of commendation. If, however, lie would be more modern, and write for the cravings of a distempered taste that is somewhat incredulous of romance, he cian draw upon faintirigs and fevers, and thunder storcmcs, rand fiery horses, and broken carriages, and drowning females, and fires, and highlwaymien, all sorts of "accidents and offences," as tihe newspapers have it, will supply him at once with plot and incident, and character . lie will call in to the scene doctors who are always dreadfully good and friendly, and saganious, and apothe caries, who are perversely averse to inking pay ment; but nobodyt is deceived by such stale tricks and contrivanres-the heroine is not drowned, she was only thrown into the water, that a very fine and elegant and handsome you1ng mat might save her, and he introduced at chce to her and to the tender. If she fnialts, there is always nrctdental harslhorn, oran alproppos furi tain, clove at. hand If she have a lever, tIherels always a most w.nderfully distinct erisi+, nt un commonly effi.ctise quieting draught, aud a due quantity of water gruel and sentliment. The very first word site utters, which is said to be coherent, is a name site ihas heard only twice, and it makev her blush urnd hope nobody has heard her. The owner, however, ib not fLr off; an easy chair, a novel of the very same class, a German flute, a sunset or two, and you fitud iris quite unnecessary to guess at the denouement. Then there are works which detl in misfor-. tunes, poverty, bailiffs and gaols, atid horrid wintry nights and no fire. All this vulgar sort of distress requires-even if it admits-the hand, not only of great talent, but, of great skill, as there is no pleasing sympathy awakened either by Bow-street, or the Old Bliley. It is looked on by writers swho have nuothinlg better, as an easy kind of tragic, arnd may perthaps, uInfortu nately, be diawn under the influence of a dis tempered memory from their own painful ex perience. Worse still are those stories which are made up of impossible misunderstandings and imprac ticable separations, itvensible uncles, inltructuble fathers, andependent lovers and sentimental heroites; and they are onlled "Love" stories. Self love, it may be; but the less stid on this matter, pelhaps the better, for there is probably much more of this last, which goes Under the name of the former, Il.an' women are ready to believe, or men are willing to avow. Int these there is no plot neceesary-tlte mere meeting of -the characters elicits the incidents, and brings' out the issue, as chemical substances by mere mi4ture, induce new phenomena and furnish new compounds. But there are numerous and eminent excep tions from these and other modes of flction. The old Ballad, as it was the first sort of nara live drama, containing botlh ditlogue and de. scription, has furnished miny valuable hints and examples, and materials for modern workus. The historical has been ably interwoven with the. ideal in tales, which will appeal to all time, be cause drawn frotm the magazine of nature and truth, and exhibiting the one and uncitanaeable element of human passion and action, in consis tency with real and actual experience--that ele ment of which varying manners are but the varying modes and Ihumant ufluuirs but the courses and channels of its ceasele.s flow and universal operation. In this schrol, fiction has assumed the garb of history, and in reality, they are more nearly allied than is readily beheved. Our early annals, our old ballads, were written by poets, not by philosophers, and the sober hsintorian has had to extract his narrative from a muss of fictions, possessing as little apparent probability as the prophecies with whhrb they were interlarded. Then there are Sea T'tles, like Cooper's and Maryatt's; Eastern Tales, like Ilotpe'sAnastasius anid Frazet's Kuzzilitmash and a host of others, which cume under the same head. I am not, however, going to attempt a treatise on novel writing. (To be concluded int our next.) 