LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. The Government Land Sale took place at 11 o'clock AM., yesterday, in the Court House, pursuant to the South Australian Government Gazette notice. The land sold (including five small allotments in the townships of Robe and Grey, averaged something more than 25s 3d per acre; the highest price given being £3 15s 9d per acre by Messrs Dawe and Polkinghorne for a sec- tion containing a valuable slate quarry. Some of the lots were described as situate in mineral districts, and several of the leading mining proprietors of the province were present; but in respect of these lands there was very little appearance of competition. The agricultu- rists are evidently on the alert, and eager to obtain de- sirable sections. Section. Acres. Names of Purchasers. Price. 1116 27 R. R. Elliott....... £. 8. 27 1 1688 24 T. R. Hart 24 1 1065 36 Charles Giles 36 1 . 1150 80 S. Dawe & T. Polkinghorne. 303 0 1151 60 Wm. Colton 61 0 1658 88 John Bottrell ............ 89 0 680 80 Malcolm Mackenzie 80 1 5251 77 Andrew Murdoch 77 1 5299 56 Ditto 56 1 5311 73 Kelly and Brothers 73 1 4503 77 James Shakes 175 0 2639 83 Donald Gollan 83 1 \- 8001 80 F. H. Dutton 134 0 8004 70 Ditto 70 1 8010 65 J. B. Thorngate 100 0 8014 79 Fredk. Ransford 79 1 8032 60 T. South 60 1 8036 124 Ditto 124 1 610 80 George Fife Angas 80 1 1670 73 R Bevan 73 L 1672 103 Ditto 103 1 1673 40 Ditto 40 1 1676 116 Ditto 116 1 7 la W. Younghusband 3 10 16 39r Ditto 7 10 17 39r Ditto 7 0 18 25p Ditto 3 15 4 la Ditto 2 15 ' 1652 acres and 23 poles. Total...£ 2088 7 Te shades of Shakspeare, Garrick, Matthews, Kean, Drop your celestial veils to hide the scene ; The tragic Muse or Comic, else may view Tour scornfhl frowns, and bid the world adieu; ' Mr Hall's benefit came off on Thursday night, in the New Queen's Theatre, and was in perfect unison with ail those wretched theatrical essays to which we have so lately adverted. Mr Hall appeared in the character of Earl Osmond, in the Castle Spectre, and evidently strained every nerve to "produce effect;" winch how ever proved a dead failure. Tragedy is not certainly Mr Hall's forte. The deadly, unhallowed passion of Osmond was overwrought to raying. The tearing a passion " to rags, to very tatters" seems, indeed, to be the general fault of inferior players, and the desultory re flective, soliloquies of the conscience—burthened Earl descended to intolerable flatness. Even Motley, in this act, was insipidity personified. The song by Mrs Richards was good, but we would earnestly advise our fair entertainer, for mercy's sake, to throw some atti Audinal grace into her performances. Mris Oliffe gave a good " smile-illustrated" song, as usual. The Highland Fling was certainly one of the worst attempts of the kind that we remember to have witnessed on any stage. We however concede willingly to Mr Hall his well- deserved meed of praise in his clever representation of Squire Aldwinkle, in the farce of The Ghost against his Will. The ridiculously-terrified old driveller was acted to a shade, and .the character""well sustained throughout, (being very passibly supported by Mr Lee in that of M Deckory." Mrs Stubbs seems to be fast improving. A curious instance of Loosus Naturae' occurred during ■the performance. Mr Stubbs, who enacted the /pert of Kenric, and, par consequence, had to sustain a honours sit so loosely upon him that he was under the dire necessity of employing the buckle and strap, which unhappily reversed the proper contour, nor could he relieve himself from the very awkward dilemma in which he was accidentally placed, until he had " fumed -and fretted his hour," or good part of one, upon the stage, the admired of all beholders, many of whom quite j unable to comprehend the shapeless mass, wondered what precise idea the stuffing was meant to convey. Paddy, with his coat buttoned behind, was nothing to J him in unaffected comicality. Within the last few days a case of furious driving oc- curred at and in the vicinity of Walkerville, where a man thoroughly stupid in liquor, by his insane driving, most seriously endangered the life of a female under his care. We learn that he was a servant of C. S. Penny, Esq., and had been sent to town with the horse and gig, accompanied by the female servant; as he came from town he was first seen driving through North Adelaide at a fearfully increasing rate, and incessantly beating the horse. At Walkerville he pulled up, and would have stayed but for the intreaties of the female and the refusal of the landlord to supply him, he again mounted the gig, when his hat fell off, and he reeled after it The seat regained, no remonstrance could check his mad career, and well is it we have not to re- cord any fatal accident. Those at all acquainted with that village know-that there are sundry stumps and holes about it on the way to Capt. Frome's most for- midable to encounter, but these did not deter the pot- valiant hero. Thought was out of the question, he whipped, the horses round (out of his way) by a pre- cipitous part of the river, where the bank is almost per- pendicular, and on the very edge, down a declivity at an angle of 50 or 60 degrees, amongst stumps half disclosed, grazing some, and over some, the horse went into the proper road, and they reached the gate leading to Capt. Frome's. Here the female most providentially unhurt, though much unnerved, got out, and entreated him to stay while she went for the key of the gate; in spite of all that could be urged he turned with a curse from the gate to Walkerville, and. commenced kicking, whipping stamping, and foaming, until within a short distance of the "Sussex Arms" inn, when the gig came in contact with a stump, and upset, pitching him out in the road, and smashed the vehicle; strained, and we understood, bruised the horse. Some £20 will be re- quired to cover the expenses ; but how shocking it is that public decency, safety, and order, should be disturbed and jeopardised by these drunken. freaks. The man escaped with a few slight scratches.— -From our Correspondent. On Thursday last (the day appointed for the launch of Mr H. Athorn's new schooner) all the houses and shipping at the Port were decorated with a very showy variety of flags, and a few cannon were fired on the occa- sion. The Adelaide folk flocked down in the afternoon in carts, gigs, and on horseback, in close and regular succession, and the good people at the Port made quite a holiday of the occasion. At five o'clock, the blocks be- ing removed, the pretty little vessel glided beautifully down the slips, plunged into the water, and in a few seconds sat gracefully, a little by the stern. If she look- ed well in the dock she appeared to a far greater ad- vantage afloat. Mrs H. Athorn christened her Captain Cook. She is in tended for the colonial trade; and her saucy looks seemed to convey a challenge, the result of which may surprise some of our first-rate clippers. The Register of Wednesday last published a letter from W. W. G. Nicholls, complaining of the country being infested with vagabonds, who mainly "subsist by imposing on the hospitality of publicans, pilfering, and drawing moneys "on the strength" of engagements with employers whom they never intend to serve. Drays, carts, and other vehicles that may contain any moveable parcels are very apt to come under the feeling cognizance of these amateur travellers. Employers in the country ought to know something of the characters of those they engage before they give them such dis- cretionary powers to draw on wages not yet earned. Since carriers are liable for any goods not safely de- livered, they will find it certainly their best interest to give no kind of encouragement to these Jack-o-the- lantherns, who prowl along the highways for no other earthly purpose than to "pick" whatever they can lay their gluey fingers on. On Thursday evening last, the Albert Lodge of Odd- fellows held their anniversary dinner, at the "Queen's Head," North Adelaide, kept by Brother J. P. Schmedth. The room used upon the occasion was built expressly for lodge purposes, and is capacious and well ventilated. Insignia illustrative of the objects of the Order decorated the wails of the room. The chair was occupied by D.P.G. M. Wicksteed, supported on the right by P.G. M. Hughes, and on the left by P.G. Cate and Dr Davie. The vice-cbair was filled by P.G.- Hilliar. Between eighty and ninety brethren sat down to an excellent dinner, the getting up of which, does great credit to the. catarer, but the wine was execrable. . ThC^usuat loyal toasts .were drank with the customary enthusiasm,'except that of the Governor, which a few buses marked as characteristic of his late conduat, but the Chairman immediately afterwards inter- fered, and reminded them that it was the health of her Majesty's representative to which they were responing, and not (hat of ty The toasts were numerous, and those having immediate reference to the Society were drunk with lodge honours. N.G. McMartin, in returning thanks for tbe past and pre- sent officers oi the Albert .Lodge, gave a very satisfactory account of its position. It had been but eighteen months opened; seventy-nine persons now belonged to it, and after paying all the necessary expenses a clear balance remained in band of £130 11s 8d. The influenza rendered the sing- ing less pleasing than usual, but some German airs were well sung, and Mr John Menge the celebrated Professor of Mine- ralogy, wo was accidentally present; expaciated upon the advantages of making the art of singing a subject of scho- lastic tuition. When we look at the creditable manner in which almost every German present was able to take his par; in the music upon this occasion, contrasted with tbe miserpb e deficiency of tbe vocal powers of Englishmen, we agree with faiin that the art should be so far encouraged as to make it a part of every educational course of instruction The utmost good feeling prevailed throughout, and the Chairman vacated his seat about ten o'clock. The Concert of Sacred Music given by the Choral Society, as announced in recent papers, in aid of the fund for the relief of British Destitution took place last evening, at the " Freemasons' Tavern," and without fear of contradiction we can say that those who did not, or could not avail themselves of this opportunity of hear- ing the performance missed a treat. The arrangements for giving effect to the beautiful music selected for the occasion were highly creditable to all parties concerned, and the satisfaction evinced by all present must have been very gratifying to the members of the Society, who appeared to vie with each other in their zeal in carrying out the benevolent object of this concert. The effects of the prevailing epidemic on some of the vocal- ists were painfully evident, but on the whole it was decidedly the best musical effort we have listened to in the colony. The solos by Mesdames Murray, Bushell, and Jones, were admirably sung, and elicited repeated applause. The full choruses were in excellent time, and only required a larger room to produce the deserved effect. " I null give thanks unto thee, O Lord," should be particularly noticed, as it appeared to create quite a sensation. The company was the most respectable we have seen assembled in Adelaide—including the Members of the Legislative Council, thc officers of the Government, the clergy, and the leading merchants of the city, with their ladies and families; and long before eight o'clock many applicants for tickets at the door, had the mortification to hear that no more could be admitted. Previous to singing the last chorus Mr Pit- man rose to thank the ladies and gentlemen present for their: patronage, and the manifestation of their satisfac- tions, and intimated that the Society intended to repeat the Concert on Friday evening next, at a reduced scale of admission, as Mr Robinson had again kindly given tbe use of the room in order to meet the wishes of many who were not present en that occasion, as well as to give their more humble fellow-colonists a musical treat.—South Australian Pegister, August 25th. We (Adelaide Observer) were present at the Society's second concert, last night Mrs Murray's absence from indisposi- tion, and the consequent silence of the organ were much to be regretted. The pieces performed were selected from, the works of Handel, Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, &c.; The quartette, "Judge me, O Lord," was sung with great Judg- ment by Messrs Ewens, Burford, Harwood, and Mrs Jones, and the supplicatory, plaintive tone, in which the solemn appeal was expressed, was truly touching. In the choral part of the same piece, the Joyously-triumphant notes of gladness, in which the Psalmist is made to exhibit his con- fidence and happiness, were well expressed. The recitative and solos gave painful proofs of the sufferings of their per- formances from the prevalent epidemic. Notwithstanding this drawback, the solo by Mrs Bushell was both tasteful' and pleasing. The grand chorus " Hallelujah," was ren- dered with admirable expression, precision, and power, and evidently left an effect on the audience that well suited a closing performance. Some of the instruments were, on a few occasions, rather out of tune; but the cornopean and bass violin did wonders, and it is hardly a stretch of praise to say that they themselves would form no insignificant orchestra. It Is calculated that the two evenings' perfor- mances will leave a net profit of £60 or £70 on behalf of the South Australian British Destitution Relief Fund. [From the South Australian Register, August 25.] The meeting convened in accordance with the opinions and wishes of numerous requisitionists, was held in Mr Bentham Neales's Auction Mart, on Mon- day, but was not attended by the numbers and force of respectability anticipated, owing to the shortness and insufficiency of the notice, and the unexpected absence of the intended Chairman and several pledged co- adjutors. Notwithstanding these untoward circum stances, Mr G. M. Waterhouse took the chair, and Mr C. S. Hare moved the first of a string of resolutions, in which the Government of the colony was designated " a pure despotism," and the acts of the Governors were said to have been successively tinged with " tyranny extravagance, or ill faith." Mr Hare's speech was cha- racteristically energetic and plain spoken, and although the speaker did not oppose an adjournment, which had been hinted at, he seemed desirous that his fellow colonists should know the objects of the meeting, one of them being to petition her Majesty for the recall of Lieut.-Governor Robe, to which effect he promised to move a resolution, if needs were, at the subsequent meet- ing. After a short conference between the Chairman and other gentlemen, it was deemed advisable, on every ac- count, to postpone the grave consideration of the popu- lar grievances for a week, and in the meantime to en- deavour to obtain a larger place of meeting. A resolu- tion for adjournment having been moved by Mr Han- son, and seconded by Mr Hailes, the meeting dispersed, after passing a vote of thanks to the Chairman, who as- sured his brother-colonists that he had only been in- duced to take the chair in consequence of the regretted absence of Mr Edward Stephens, and other old and in- fluential colonists. Although personally we do not claim any merit.beyoud that of active requisitionists we are free to confess that the apparent failure (if such it be, after what has since -transpired in Council) was not attributable to any want of authorized ef- fort on our part; and that Grandmamma's hysterical at- tempt at sarcasm is as harmless and inopportune as her occasional clumsy witticisms. We ought, however, to feel flattered by the unintended admission of our influ- ence by the Old Dame, who goes so far as to say that we are enabled to hold a" clique" of respectable and in- fluential colonists " under our Editorial thumb," and are possessed of such versatile talent as to be able, for the nonce, to manufacture strings of resolutions out of the " fag ends of our leaders." But we would ask our su- perannuated contemporary if she is not moved in her eccentric opposition m this as in the British Destitution Relief question, by some " under-current," some merce- nary motive, some violence to her better feelings which her innate advertisement-loving propensities have urged her to put forth at the risk of popularity, dis- cretion, and in disparagement of the claims of humanity? But we feel for the Old Lady, al- though she is a great scold, and foud of a drop of the cratur, apprehensive, as we are, that her late garrullity is a bad symptom—an unmistakable symptom of ap- proaching dissolution; and whilst we would ourselves refrain from disturbing her latter days, we would whis- per to her querulous nurse, and her particular friends, " Hush, dinna mak a roo, she is jeest a deein'!" No, shades of Grandmamma's threads, tapes, rags, tatters, and " fag ends," and ye ghosts of her faded bon- nets, gun-cotton gowns, and falling mantle, forgive us the seeming irreverence. We mean to say that " SHE " Will "non inventUS" be. "Now then, Stupid," requiescas in pace. We have been favoured with a perusal of the account sales of 100 bags flour sent from this colony to the Cape. The gross proceeds were £212 8s 9d, but the freight, charges, and guarantee commission having amounted to no less a sum than £82 17s 3d, the South Australian exporter (who was also. the grower) had only £129 11s 6d to receive, being within a fraction of 25s 11d per bag, a price that at one time would have pleased well euongh; but in this instance the result is signally unsatisfactory, inasmuch as the flour was of excellent quality, and would have commanded 30s per bag in this province at the period of shipment. On Saturday evening last avouching instance of ju- venile sympathy with British distresses occurred at the office of this paper, arid is worthy of especial record. A boy of about twelve years, and apparently belonging to the humble walks of life, came in to bestow what he had persuaded himself he could spare in aid of the dis- tressed poor in the United Kingdom; and observing a newspaper bag with the label " Great Britain," over it, dropped a crown piece therein. The clerk, who asked him to explain his wishes, showed him the list of sub- scriptions, and desired to have his name to add to but the poor fellow, with tears in his eyes, said," I do not care about having my name put I only want to send what I can to help the poor people ." We have no wish to disturb the incognito of this youthful generous donor, but hope this may meet his eye, and would fain assure him that many a blessing will be called down upon his head. 