GERALDINE. A TALE OF -CONSCIBNCE. CHAP. XVIII. -, GsaALDINs !" said Katherine Graham, some days after this conversation, when, having returned from a walk with Mr. Everard, she found her friend still surrounded by books and -papers ; " Geraldine I how long do you intend to keep up this mad search -after perfection,-hunting after it in vain through the Protestant communities, and now, alas ! tempted to rush Into that ensnaring Church, from which-the victim cannot escape,'but through an ordeal of spi Sritual anathema enough to daunt the stoutest heart P Why be so much dissatisfied with your own Church, '.because you find that she dilrers'from the primitive -Chriptians P God knows, 'I am not particularly attached to your ' venerable Establishment l' but -never should -I dream of leaving -her, because she was unlike a set of people just emerging from Judaism or idolatry, whose milds were evidently in .. great state of confusion from the rebukes given them in Paul's Epistles." " Then why does she claim affinity in doctrine and practice P" said Geraldine; " why does she carry on a perpetual warfare between the spirit and the letter of her faith P why hold out that which she is ashamed to fulfil P-Oh, Katherine, she is full of cowardice, and therefore full of deception. She is a beautiful delusion-alluring, then deceiving, the soul." " Why, I told the Warden all this myself, which I am sure was bold enough," cried Katherine: " but' you were then as indignant with me for it as 'le was;" " Alas !" continued Geraldine, " a member of the Church of England knows not what to think. He has the whole Bible put into his hands, and is re peatedly told that the Bible alone is the religion of Protestants. Accordingly, it often happens that a sincere and pious man, after much study and prayer, is led to form for himself a rule of faith, according to his iview of God's will and his own obligations. But no, this must not be permitted; for this man is a ' member of the Church, his opinions are shown by his fellows to be far from orthodox, according to the standard of the thirty-nine articles, and the authority of the Church is proved to him from the very Bible he holds in his hand ; so, being a humble and candid man, he perceives and acknowledges the express command of Christ to hear his ministers, and he turns to the rule of faith laid down by his divinely-appointed Church. He reads, and ponders over the ' Articles,' and discovers, by their express declaration, that they do not claim divine inspira tiun, and-only insist on being obeyed as far as they word, it ii ' infatuation' to perslst in thinking, that i:-followSeripture, hw.xo, then, is to be judgeof their .conformity to Scripture P Himself P. Then he is made dictator to that very Church which his Bible tells him implicitly to obey I Wha~ a state of con fusion and contradiction for Isis mind to be in ! Some relief is then offered.him, inihe statement, that, although the founders of the English Church cannot claim the guidance of the Holy Ghost to decide the obscure points of faith in Scripture, yet they believe that this assistance was vouch safed to - the Christian Church in the early centuries, and therefore they receive its deci sions as infallible. The member of the Church of England much comforted, then turns to the in fallible interpretation of the early Church, and finds himself, as it were, in a new world, amongst a set of doctrines and 9pinions, so different from those of the Church of England, that, after this, peep into antiquity, the. poor bewildered man either con sents to remain in the vague supposition that the Church of England, though she has cheated him, is just as likely to be right as any other Church, or he mentally wanders from creed to creed, or lie banishes the subject altogether from his mind-or what is left for him now, Katherine P-he becomes a Catholic ;-and what is more, he remains one !" !*. You Geraldine, remain a Catholic ! With your understanding, aye I and pride of understanding too-with your habits, like my own, of independent thought and action ! You can never remain in such a silly pompous Church !" SYes. I can," said Geraldine smiling ; " can submit to authority, when once I trace it from a divine source. You have often said of me, partly in jest, perhaps, that in married life I should struggle for supremacy; but the time may come when I shall prove-your double mistake, by acting on the same one principle. - For, as I hold the submission of a wife to her husband to be of divine appointment, you would see me yield, willingly, cheerfully-with this all-important proviso, that I do not marry a mad man or a fool! In the same spirit of obedience on con viction, I consent to obey a Church, which is to me as tihe voice of God; for having once submitted to the .proofs given me of the divine nature of her autho .rity, I yield-and in this case without any proviso -for, in marriage, even a sensible man may be at times capricious; but the voice of the Church, having once spoken, changes not." " You speak here of her dogmas; but ah ! re member the corruptions of her discipline, of her practice: think of the deceit, the tyranny, the im moralities of priestcraft I" "Dear Katherine, I have, during the sleepless nights of the last month, gone through nearly a brain fever on this very subject. The dread of being irrevocably enthralled, like ' Zulica,' in the * Veiled Prophet;' thie terror inspired by the Papist dealings with the unseen world; their crossings, their Latin, and the secret prayers; with all the horrors of Protestant tradition, rush upon me, and I gasp, and stare around, exclaiming, ' there is yet escape.'" "'And why then, do you not take warning by this merciful, impression on your mind P" said Miss Graham ; " this conviction, even at the last hour of the rash step you are about to take-this God-send to you-ill as you deserve it !" *' Because these impressions are not convictions," returned Geraldine; " and I look upon them to be any thing but God sent: they are rather devil sent, and will not stand the ' Ithuriel spear of truth.' " "Truth !" exclaimed Katherine impatiently, "all .the world cants about truth, each one laying claim to it." " There, Katherine, we are quite agreed; but I divide the Protestant seekers after truth Into three classes. The first follow Pilate, and, having asked ' what is truth '. are content to let it rest in doubt for ever ; while the second investigate for the purpose of confirming themselves in every thing they had previously thought, and Compound for truths they are inclined to, Denying those they have no mind to.' " " A very pretty lady-like way of quoting Hudibras," said Katherine laughing, " and now for your third class P" " My. third class," continued Geraldine, *' are they who are honestly determined to follow the truth, even though like the Jew, they find it " a stumbling block,' and like the Greek 'foolishness;' and against both these obstacles has the Protestant to struggle in his conformity to the Catholic Church." " Geraldine !" cried her friend, "you cannot surely all at once change the whole bent of your thoughts and opinions ! You cannot adopt, without repugnance of feeling, all those outward forms, and internal persuasions, which you have ever been taught to esteem false and pernicious P" " I tell you that it is a struggle, Katherine. The first time I made the sign of the cross, I trembled as though 1 were binding myself to some incantation. I cannot yet invoke any saint, still less the Virgin Mother of my God, without a rush of previous mis conception encircling and obscuring the truth 1 would hold; and I am still bewildered and terrified on the subject of plenary indulgences, from the notion instilled into me all my life, that' indulgence was leave to commit sin.' Nay more, I confess-to several. lhings, which, even when explained, i can neither admire nor approve !" " What infatuation l" exclaimed Miss Graham " to enter a Church in which there are things you can neither admire nor approve.". "Now, Katherine," replied Geraldine, " confess to me with your pesual integrity, would it not be far greater infatuation to admit, as I do, the.Divine authority of Christ's One Church, and then to deny thle several points of faith whidh did not suit me P This would be, this is, the conduct of nine- tenths of tile members of the Church of England, who idolize their Church as a whole, and disobey on principle half her commands. But this inconsistency, this 'infatuation,' can never be found with- the believers of infallibility." " I will answer you honestly," replied Kathlerine, " not because you call upon me to do so, but because 1 never lhave any other mode of answering anybody; and I will say, that, if you can once bring your mind to believe in the infallibility of a Church, you are right to obey her, or, in other words, you begin with a folly, and are consistent in your folly !" " Nay," replied Geraldine," call me mad at once; for the character of madness is to reason correctly on false premises; hut remember, Katlherine, that I have as much cause to wonder at you, as you have to hold up your hands and eyes at me; for ycu had not on answer to give my uncle at the close of his arguments in favour of a visible and divinely appointed Chlerch, possessing authority to decide on points of faith: and yet you seem to be just as contented to disbelieve this, as before he advanced anything on the subject, which is to me incompre hensible," " My dear Geraldine," replied Miss Graham, " 1 was broughlt up, thank heaven, with the Bible for my sole guide; and I want no Church to explain truth, which those who run may read." " They run and they read, IKatherine, but into how many patllhs do they wander, whose sole guide is the mere letter of Scriplture, which indeed killeth, while the spe it alone giveth life. To use your own merely reading the Sacred Scriptures will Impart to you the whole and wonderful scheme of God's deal ings with His creatures." " Then, pray," said Katherine, " why are the Bereans so much cdmmended for searching in tire Scriptures ' whether those things were so,' which the Apostle had told them; and why is Timothy congratulated that, from a child, he had known the Holy Scriptures, which were able to make him wise unto salvation P' " " With respect to Timothy, I should say," replied Geraldine, " that ihe had possessed that great ad vantage under due subordination to his Jewish teachers, who were the divinely appointed inter preters of the Law and the Propllets; for, do not suppose that I think less than you do of the high privilege of Scriptural knowledge, not for the pur pose of waging, war withll opposition of text, but to ' ponder these things in my heart,' as did the hum ble lholy Mary." " Well! but now for tihe Bereass, Geraldine; how can you get over that commendation of their proving from Scripture, those things, which even an inspired Apostle assured them ' were soP' " " I cannot explain that text," said Geraldine, with her usual candour. "' I think it all on your side of the argument: I can only give you its opponent passage, in the inquiry of Philip to tire Ethiopian, when reading the Scriptures, ' Understandest thou what thou readest P' and the answer, ' How can I, unless some man salow me!' But, Katherine, are you really so deceived, as to imagine that you have from a child taken your faith simply from the Bible, unbiassed by human opinion P Did you never learn your catechism, never listen to the pious con versation of your family, never hear a sermon P Whatboy or girl ever forms a creed, but from some bias given by others P If ever I rote an essay, it shouldd be on self-deception, as connected with reli gious liberty." ' As a child," replied Katherine, " I own that my impressions must have been derived from those of others. They could not be original, ani lhow far they may have prevented the free admission of other sentiments in after life, I cannot, perhaps, tell ; but, of course, I consider my own mind to be just and candid, and I have this assurance of thinking rightly, that, of late years, I have sat under a Gos pel ministry." " Al !" cried Geraldine, " are you not yet aware, that what is termed preaching the Gospel, means preaching the Epistles P Do you tot observe, that if Christ gives a simple command, or a simple promise,-a deep explanation, to prove that He meant just the reverse of what He said, is to be given from St. Paul P That the Epistles even are only valuable, inasmuch as "they contain the eighth and part of the seventh chapter to the Romans. to which every other epistle, and all tire four gospels, are made to bend P That, while these modern expounders talk of ' liberty,' they fasten you down with innumerable petty ligatures, like Gullivwr among the Lilliputians, so that it is in vain you would comfort youself that the Brobdig nag chain of infallibility is far distant, while you can stir neither hand nor foot under the glorious control of fifty tyrants instead of one!" " Then," said Katherine laughing, " you intend to become a Catholic, on the same plea which last year made you advise me to marry P" " Exactly so," replied Geraldine, in the same tone of mirth; " You had three aunts, a grandmother, and cousins innumerable, all advising and directing, and blaming you by turns; and when you spoke one day, in self-delusion, on the liberty of your single state, I merely advised you to compromise for one tyrant instead of many !" (To be continued.) 