S GERALIDINE. -A TALB OF OO)NSCIrNCg. .CHAP. XII. 'On the following evening, Miss Graham, after .atusing herself for some time at the piano, closed -.the instrument, and approaching the orielwindow, .in which the. little.party generally ast, curious, to ,.know why old Mr. Everard had been so unmoved by Ihis usual favourite airs of ' Awa' Whigs awa,' and * Lochaber more,' "What.can be engaging .yQq ,qo deeply '!' cried she, " that you require ,neither, csbeas.rsor music this evening, and that you .hare never once moved nor:~poken, since you bro4.ght up from the library that wore-looking old book, which, from its appearance, deserves to have been written by a Covenanter P" " Yotr .random shot is not amiss,"' returned he; fo?, .agihotiug not written by a Covenanter, this book treats of that body of mistaken men; and I have just fallen on a part, I which, if I interrupt no one, I wi~sh to read aloud, as it bears strongly upon the subject lately discussed by high and Jow.church. . ere,?Gera ine, is a specimen of what you call the .real Church .of England, in the death-bed repent ..ance of Speaker Lenthal, after the murder of King ClIarles I., as related by a' dignitary of that Clurch: i ' When ;I .came into' his (Speaker Lenthal's). Spresenre, lie told me.he was very glad to see me, for lie had two real works to do, and I must assist him .in both, to.fit his body for the earth, and his soul .for heaven ! to which purpose lie desired me to pray with himn. .i told him the church had appointed an .office at the visitation of the sick, and .1 must use .th.. He tsaid, ".Yes, lie chiefly desired the prayers of the church: wherein he joined with great fer .vency and devotion. After prayers, he desired absolution : J. told him .I was very ready and willing to pronounce it, .but he must first .come to a .Christian confession, and contrition for the sins and failings of his life. ' Well. sir,' said he, ' then .instruct me.to my duty.' I desired him to examine .his life by the Ten Commandments; and wherein he fouind his failings, to .fly to the Gospel for mercy. . i" 0 After the confession, lie said he died a dutiful son of the Church of England, as it was established before these times; for he had not yet seen the alteration of the Liturgy. After this qoffice, wherein he' sihowed himself a very hearty penitent, he again, desired the absolution of the church, which I then pronounced, and which lie received with much connent, and satisfaction : For,' says he, ' now in ded 'do I ,find the joy and benefit of that office, which Chiist hath left in.his church.' Then, pray ing for thle king, that lie might long and happy live over us, and for the peace of the church, lihe again desired prayers. The next clay lie received the Sacrament, and, after that work. I desired him to express himself to Dr. Dickinson concerning the bJing's death, because he had only done it to me in confession ; which he did, to the same effect, as lie had dorne to me. The rest of his time was spent In devotion and penitential meditatiose to.tho last.' " " Here, you will observe, Geraldine," added Mr. Everard, as he closed the book, " the sense enter tained.by the minister of the sacredness of disclo sures made in sacramental confession,-so that not one word of the interesting and important account of the King's death could lie venture to repeat, un less the penitent himself gave it over again beyond confession. Observe also the faith of the dying man in the spiritual power given by Christ to his Church. Now, this is, or rathecr was, the true Church of England-alas, how fallen " " Well, Miss Graham, what say you to this ar count P" - " Why this," replied Katherine, :-" you all know my opinion respecting the often discussed subject rof confession and absolution, between two fellow sinners; therefore I need say no more on that subject. But what principally strikes me in this account is, that the Speaker Lenthal dies a duti ful son of a Church differing from what it was whln the book was written ; for the narrator says: lie had not seen thte alteration of the Liturgy.' Now a simple Bible Christian would not be stag gered at this vacillation in the counsel and work of man ; but you, who believe, or try to believe, in a Sllyincly-appointed set of rules, how do you get over this P': : " The alteration spoken of was, probably, only that of giving more clearness antid recision lo the Church service ; a more perfect form of sound words," said Mr. Everard. f' No I no I my good Sir," returned Katherine, "even I know better titan that; so you need not.talk of ' probably,' for these vague words suit neither your accurate Irarning;, nor any positive temler. '1 asm quite aware that the alterations in the ngli?hlit Jturgy' were those of faith ; - for in stance, ln that most important point, of the Real Presence in the Sacrament you know very well, -that the first communion service of the Church of England. as drawn up in 1552, by ,Cranmer, Ridley. and other of your bishops, whom the Warden calls the ' venerated Fathers of the Engliah Church,' clearly expresses, that the whole body of Christ is received under each particle of the Sacra ment.' Afterwards, when Calvinistic truths partly pirevailel, and the Twenty-nilie Articles.of Religion, drawn up by the same prelates, were published In 1552, the Real Presence is there expressly, denied, and the impossibility of that belief explained by the circumstance of Christ's Ascension,in His glorified body to Heaven. The Liturgy when then clhanged; that Liturgy which the Warden tells Geraldine she may safely trust to, as being a perfect commentary on Scripture, and a true exposition of the faith once delivered to the saints ! Ten years after this, Queen Elizabeth being on the throne, and inlherit ing an inclination for the former belief, the passage in the book of Common Prayer, which declares against the real and corporeal presence in the Sa crament, was expunged, and the words left in their original Popish state. During thlie next hundred years so they remained, until, at the Restoration, which seems to be the time of your narrative, Mr. Everard, amongst many alterations which then took place, the Rubric against the Real Presence and adoration of the Sacrament, was again restored. and stands at present." " Well, Miss Graham, I can say nothing to con tradict you on this account: I can only give you due credit for your-accuracy, and wonder hlow you -came by all this knowledge P" " Why, Mr. Everard, the fact is, that, although I was brouglht up in a sort of confused manner, with respect to religion; and supposed that, because I could say the English catechism by heart, and never .went to any ,place.of .worship .but the Episcopal Church, I was therefore a true Church of England woman; yet, at eighteen, I went to Scotland, just six years ago, and found, amongst my Scotch relations, knowledge as well as piety; and from them I have learned what I;have just repeated to you. My cousin, Kenneth Fergusson, and his sister Margaret, both enthusiasts for their purer faith, led me to the ' martyrs graves,' to them a hallowed spot, to me one of humiliation, for there hsid English bayonets slaughltered Scotch Reformers, because when they cast off the yoke of Rome, they did the work effectually, (retaining none of those things which their own divines considered anti scriptural) and without consulting England. Mar garet had paid a visit to London; and to listen to her scruple, yet sarcastic, account of the compli" cated and grand ceremonials site had witnessed, you would have supposed h!er to be describing Popish Rome, instead of Protestant London. Why did English ministers wear a white dress in the reading .desk, and a black one in the pulpit P and walk in and out of a little room, in that mysterious manner, just to .change their dress P Why did they stand so little raised above the people, when reading God's words, and be mounted up so high to read their own words P Why did tihe English Church people kneel round an altar to the bread and wine, if they did not worship .them P Wlhydid they never seem to know what they did, or did not believe;' &c.; But Kenneth was the most resolute and constant champion of the Kirk, and critic of tihe English Church service, of which he had an historical knowledge far beyond my own. Kenneth could give the date, and relate the circumstances attending every part, retained from, or substituted for, tihe Roman Catholic Mass, Vespers, and Litanies. All1 Harry's, young Edward's, and Elizabeth's changes.of faith for the good people of England, efcited Iris sarcastic vein of hunrdour, and roused my spirit of inquiry. He had no patience with the remnants of Popery in the Church of England; and he was pointing out to me the4 hollowness, the falsehood, of retaining certain doctrines in the letter, which were denied in the spirit-and this for the purpose of conciliating the people-he drew the key-stone from the arch, which I had taken for granted was unassailable, and to stand for ever." "The sister flands have each a humour of their own, and proved it in nothing more than in their mnode of protesting against the Roman Hierarchyj" observed Mr. Everard." " But it has always struck me," said Geraldine, "as out of keeping with tihe usually calm and cautious Scotch, to dash everytling to the ground at once. I should hIave expected this impetuosity more from the English mob." " And from this ' mob' in England you would have found it," replied Mr. Everard, " had they originated the Reformation. But here was the dilfference between the two countries. In England, the people received their faith from their rulers and pastors, and tlhe change was comparatively temperate and gradual." " And attempered by a pleasing variety," inter rupted Katherine, laughing, "as these rulers and pastors, under succeeding sovereigns, changed their faithl four times. Few of lthem comparatively speaking, choosing to leave their benefices, instead of their opinions. Worthy brethren of the * Vicar of Bray !' " " Miss Graham," said the Warden, at length roused to lay down his book, "these ligllt assertions are not horne out by istorical evidence. Tile Church of England -has had, it is true, to mourn over faithlelss sons; but,wlien more instructedl on tise subject, you will find thit, even in thie trying circumstance of hereditary popishl successioh, her .onfessors and martyrs were not few i" " am sufliciently instructed," replied Katherine, " to know that, even ,during the reign of odious Mary, the nntnhber of the persecuted, including clergy acid people of thle Church of England, did not exceed seven hundlred, while of the nonconfor mists to that Church, two thousand clergymen in one day preferred ruin and exile to tie adoption of all the ceremonies forced anew on them: and of the lalty who suffered then and since for nonconformity to the Liturgy of England, no calculation could be made e those who chose exile, left the half Popish, hIalf Protestant, and whlolly savage, tyranny of the English Star Chamber, for the freedom of America, and carried thceir pure faithl to a new world, ' Aye, call it hloly ground, The soil where first they trod, They Ihave left unstained what tilers they found Freedom to worship God I' " Very pretty lines, and very well repeated," said Mr. Everard, "but an account of tihe modern Churches in America would damp your enthusiasm respecting ' unstained freedom,' and the present ' holiness of the soil I'' " Well, my dear, " said the old gentleman, turn ing to Geraldine, who during tihe latter piart of tihe discussion, had laid down her bobk-" hIow far lhave you proceeded; anl what are your impressions on reading Joseph Miiner a second time P" " I hiav'e readc to thie end of the t!iird century," " and I am confirmed in thie inpression which I lhad receiveld fromn my uncle, that this work, pious and interesting thlough it be, is very imperfect as a his tory, inasmuch as it contains so many more senti ments thian facts. Here is a passage whichl nearly Induced me to lay down tie hook, as one quite un suited to me in my search after the records of the past:- What I cannot believe, I shall not take the trouble to transcribe; what I can, where the matter appears worthy of memory, shall be exhibited.' Here, then, you see, is not given to me the whole harvest field In which to glean; but Milner has al ready gleaned for me; nor is this all. I am again displeased with him for his strange inconsistency, when dwelling on ' Regeneration' or the ' new birth' in baptism, the belief in which he calls ' poi son itself !' and then wishes (page 431) that' Chris tian people had never been vexed with a controversy so frivolous as this about baptism ;' as if a contro. versy could be frivolous, which related to poson ous doctrines ! Then, again, in another part, he declares that he fully believes, that this regene rating work of the spirit did accompany the Sacrament of Baptism in theu.arly ages. After all this confusion and contradiction, I cannot but think very moderately of Joseph Milner, either as a theologian or historian." Geraldine here turned again to the book in question, and read for some time in silence, till at length she exclaimed, " Oh ! uncle P Oh I Mr. Everard, listen to this,-Milner actually asserts that the ' Apostles themselves, had it not been for St. Paul, would have declined- from the right faith,' and this after the descentof the fHoly Ghost ! Does Milner then pretend to be wiser than the Holy SpiritP What blasphemy !-and how am I to trust to the account he will soon give me of the Apostacy of the Church, when he can venture thus far to broach Impossibilities. I shall read no more:" and closing her book, she pushed it from her with indignation, not to be mollified by Mr. Everard's smiling excuses for one necessarily warped by party prejudice, and bewildered by having sworn fealty to a church, which was not suficiently Calvinistic for his principles. "Then," replied she, "' warped' ani ' bewil dered' men should not venture to write history !" ""If you succeed in finding a perfectly unbiassed and dispassionate historian," said Mr. Everard, " you will indeed possess a prize. The only way to act, in the meantime, is to persevere in your deter mination to lay up a store of facts, from historians of opposite parties in politics or creed. and then to form your own conclusions. Go on with Milner's account, and then try Mosheim; and you will do well to take notes of each, and compare the two re cords, on the point you have most at heart, namely, the affinity of the Church of England with that of the early Church Catholic, or Universal." (To be continued.) 