ORIGINAL POETRY. THE OUTCAST Reckless, deserted, and alone--bereft Of future hope, defying future ill-- Proud in the consciousness of suffering Intense, because unmerited--a wreck Of blunted feelings--blighted expectations Steeped in poverty, yet unsubdued In spirit, do I hail my destiny. Oh man, what art thou, but a very toy, A puppet, an automaton, whose springs The master hand Omnipotence directs. What hast thou of thine own? Truth answers "nought." Nought save a mind so tempered to receive Impressions, good or evil, as may be By circumstances moulded, which retained-- Incorporate with thee, hold sovereign sway Oe'r all the soul's intricate mechanism. Call into being all thy sympathies, Thy impulses direct, thy passions fan, To flame, or soothe to slumber, as by Him The Seer Omnipotent predestinate. Then what has Man that he can call his own? Nothing? Oh yes. The victim left to reap The bitter harvest of Misfortune's seed By hand Immortal sown, may gather in His teeming crop of misery, and gloat With hollow eye upon his store, without The Miser's omnipresent dread, for none Will seek to share, or envy him his wealth. He needs no secret hold, nor bolt, nor bar, To mock the prying gaze of envious fools. No, he may hoard his treasures unobserved, Or if observed--unheeded. None will stretch The grasping hand of heartless Avarice forth To rob him of his earnings. There he stands, Rich in possession of inheritance Unwished--unsought for, and assumes the state Of sickly Sorrow's heir. His wasted form, (It ne'er was strong) is now a very ghost, A shade, a mockery; his sallow cheek By Famine pinched scarce serves now to conceal Mortality's sad nakedness beneath. His eye is sunk, as tho' it sought within The wearied brain, a once beloved resource From gloomier thoughts, and seeks in vain for there Reality, stern Painter, draws the veil, And Truth's sad picture stands alone revealed Touched by the blacker pencil of Despair. No more--he passes on, and now is lost Unnoticed 'mongst the horde--the living stream Of poverty and crime, for penury Twin-sister is to vice. Another drop Is added to the stagnant pool of Fate Moral contagion breeding. Pause we here, Nor risk contamination by a glance Beyond yon fatal Rubicon, whose shores Once passed turn into quicksand, nor sustain The wretch who horror-stricken would retrace His steps. Whose waters fade away, and leave A chasm fathomless--impassable-- The Past's dread barrier. But why seek we To track his footsteps thro' dark future years, Or months, or days? It matters nought to him, Still less to others, what those years bring forth To one whose hopes are nor of Heaven nor Earth. 