FANATICISM?IN STROUD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE '. CHELTENHAM FREE PRESS?" Sir,-I cannot adequately express the sensation which is at present felt among the more superstitious and illiterate, and even among those of the higher branches of the inhabitants of Stroud, and the vil lages contiguous, by :the appearance of a soi-disant prophet, who bids fair to add another link to the chain of religious impostors. As .I always feel a pleasure in dehuding the empiric of his mask, and of exposing hypocrisy in her:naked deformity to the world, I sought an interview with this impostor. I certainly must candidly confess that my sanguine anticipations *were not realized, forI expected from the reports current to have found in the '" prophet," aclever, subtle, crafty, deep, designing, extortioner; but, on the contrary,.I found in him such consum mate ignora'ice, that a child in leading strings might both have exposed and detected him. It is an anomaly of our day, repugnant to notions formed in accordance with the times-this the 19th century, the age of universal refinement, scientific progres. sian and Intellectual advancement-that,an isolated mass of 'human beings in .this densely populated nation, could be.found with so little feeling, so little acuteness of perception, as to allow themselves to be "degraded by such.a servile yoke of fanatacism and superstition of the most abhorrent nature. 8It has been justly remarked, why should we appropriate annually. so many millions of hard-earned British coin to the civilization of the savage of every diversity of colour, and climate, when we have so many thousands of human beings around our own homes in a demi- savage state P We cannot have a greater demonstration of the ignorance of certain classes of society,especially the. lower, than the case before us. Having occasion to visit the neighbourhood of Stroud, I called at the prophet's head quarters -last Sunday evening, at a small beer house at Swells Hill. Here I found this inspired prodigy in a small outhouse, surrounded by a multitude of invalids afflicted with paralsysis, rheumatism, scrofula, and other ailments to which flesh is heir. He was then about to effect a cure of rheumatism -of some years standing id a poor woman. If I giveyou the par ticulars of this case, the means resorted to, and the happy results, it will suffice to give you a general idea of the prophet and the bulk of hIls operations. lie, with.a mystic alr becoming the demeanour of the quack, placed her in a chair,and after a few pre. liminary hums and haws began ejaculating in the following strain :-" In the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, I command thee, pain, to leave this 'ere womanl." He then, upon'the conclusion of this emphatic ijaculation, in quired If the woman still experienced asything of the pain, and in what region of the body, td which the poor half frighted creature replied that she still felt the pain as bad as ever. This appeared to affect the holy man and to raise his choler for he burst out into a loud bawl, " Pain, why didst thou'not leave this here woman's body when I commanded thee in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. In the name of Jesus, I command thee begone, and enter this woman's body never no more." The effi cacy of this last address cannot be doubted. The woman rose from her chair, under the impression that the rheunatism had left her, and that she was miraculously cured. I could not then be favoured with the opportunity of a private interview with the prophet, for a Mr. Shaylor, a tailor, a man appa rently respectable and in good circumstances, and of average information, was waiting for Mr. Cou'ihman (the prophet) to pay him a visit at his residence, to elucidate some abstruse passage in the prophet Daniel. I therefore adjourned to the bar of this beer house, where I found many of his patients not only enu merating their ills and expatiating on their happy deliverance from disease and untimely dissolution, but regaling themselves with some of my landlady's stout. Here I gleaned considerable information re specting this great man. I found from theconcur rent testimony of his adhering patients, that this miraculous gift of healing was bestowed on the pro phet, who professionally belonged to the most inde pendent order of the snobs, as a ieward for thsiriten years incessant prayer, that such a gift might be bestowed upon him. Here I met with a case which, though deplorable, aflbrded me and my companion much merriment. There was in the company an Edwin Buckingham, an inhabitant of the .place, who is constitutionally affected, and for these last thirty years has been afflicted with scorfula, so much so, poor fellow, that he is an object of disgust and pity, having lost his nose, and his check presenting a mass of putridity. He has, he says, been under many eminent men,but their skill has been of no avail. He has been for some years in the Gloucester Infir mary, has had various surgical operations per formed on him, and was ultimately rejected as in curable. He has placed .imself under the irophet, who by efficacy of prayer and exorcism has healed the abscesses in his hips. So great is this poor fel low's faith in the power of Ils .present physician, that he is under the impression that he has a hand some paih of cheeks in a state of incipient formation, that his nose will be restored to its primitive dignity, and that he shall eventually become as fine a spark as" any in her Majesty's lody.guard." The poor fellow volunteered his serviced to go down to Mr. Shaylor's, and ask the prophet if it would be convenient for me to see dhim. Mr. SIay lor and the prophet we found weore out, taking a stroll through tlhe fields. Not being willing to be disappointed in my project, I, accompanied by Ed win Buckingham, went to meet him, which I ac cordingly did, and, after ingratiating myself into Iis views and favour by comparing him to the Apostles, as being a simple instrument to bring about great events, had the desired interview at Mr. Sihaylor's, who appears a proselyte to hiis views, and believes in his so-called power of healing. Here I satisfied myself that he was an ignorant impostor. His most remarkable featureishis extreme ignorance of the Scriptures. This I proved in the-following manner. In the course of my conversation, I made use of the most riduculous sentences, whlich. palmed? offas extracts from Scripture. The correctness of these he acknowledged, as well as the justness of my remarks ! ! ! I have met with many men personat ing the empiric, but this Mr. Coushman 'is the nibst ignorant of the ignorant. He is about seventy years of age, stands about five feet eight inches high, his features coarse, his head extremly small, especially in the region set apart by the German school for the development of intellectual faculties. He has a very interesting young woman about eighteen travelling with -him, under very interest ing circumstances no doubt. Shie asserts tlhat sihe is possessed of " evil spirits," who occasionally "throw her on the fire," or, " into the water," and conse quently she could not live without the presence of the prophet. -The next day iI :lay in ambush, and felt greatly surprised, nay blushed:for tile ignorance' tihe delu sion, and blind fanaticism, of this so-called " intel lectual age;" to see such a vast ,herd- such a mis cellaneous multitude of human beings,'.resorting from all.parts of'the.neighbodirhood to this ignora mus for physical energy and 'relief. IHe professes to make no charge, yet hi is making a rich harvest out of the hard earnings of the peasantry; and those labourers connected with the manufacturers through an indirect medium. I hope that this iiiperfect let ter will be the effectual means, by giving it inser tion in your valuable paper, of driving this impos tor from our neighbourhood, and of convincing many influential.parties of their error, and how in imicable and contagious is their example to the lower orders in sanctioning his ('thde propher's) imposition, with Impunity, and in giving their as sent to his self-arrogated divine authority and power. @uLULcus. 