ILocal Intelligence. THE DRAMA. TUB representation of Shakspeare's sublime tragedy of HAMLET, PRINCE OF DENMARK, in which Ma. MORTON KINO was announced to per- sonate "the Danish prince, attracted a tolerably well-filled houso on Monday evening, the dress circle only presenting a meagre display of fash- ionables. If we had not previously doubted tho policy of the Management attempting thc pro- duction of such pieces with tho limited means at their command, the miserable burlesque which awaited us on this occasion would have at once substantiated tlie fact, Though we question not Ma. MORTON KING'S deep study of the character, his perception of this mighty offspring of genius is obscure and indefinite ; he labours under phy- sical disadvantages which are essentially opposed to the successful impersonation of a Hamlet ; and though possessed of a retentive memory, his reading abounds with inaccuracies ; his delivery is overstrained to a ludicrous degree, and nature in him appears to give place to a series of me- chanical contortions of limb and feature, which, added to a painful monotony of voice, renders his efforts at high dramatic effect a forced and' unnatural exhibition. Ho is effective at times ¡a dialogue, but his soliloquies are as distressing to. his audience as they vevidontly are to himself. The only portion of his performance to which we should be justified in awarding a moiety of praise was that of the " play scene," in which, to a certain extent, ha discarded bis strained de- meanour. Were MB. KINO'S aspirations of a lowlier nature, he would most probably, win for himself "golden opinions" ; but he must clip the wings of his ambition, and confine his ima- ginative soarings within the bounds prescribed" to ordinary mortals, What a pity it is that the stage abounds with so rainy mocking-birds, who .disregarding ' -~ v . " Nature's wood notes wild," wed themselves to imitation ; and how signal is their failure in this reprehensible practice ! for liko a magpie, catching at tlie whistle of every passer-by, their sweet native notes arc lost in the fond ¡dca of artificial attainment. These obser- vations are not intended to apply exclusively to Ma. KINO,for which or whom of the great actors of thc British school that gentleman has adopted as his standard of dramatic excellence it would puzzle a magician to discover, from thc hctcro I gencous admixturo . of style and mannerism evidenced in his impersonation of Hamlet. MR. -SPENCER'S Horatio was "excellent well," and i MRS. G DEM N'S Ophelia good, but passionless. COLLINS reminded us forcibly of the King oj Clubs, both in his costume and general carriage, and to tho remainder of tlie characters wc grant the mercy of our silence. The Ghost of GRIF- FITHS and the Queen oí MRS. Ginns must, how- ever, form aa exception to this sweeping clause. The tragedy was followed by a pointless farce, in two acts, appropriately entitled THE SLEEFINO DRAVOHT, which would, we opine, have proved I a potent opiate to the audience, had it not been for the humourous antics of our old friend FRANK HOWSON. On Tuesday the favourite opera of LA SON NAMDOLA was performed to a wretchedly thin house, and we never recollect hearing it to better advantage on tlie Sydney boards. Ma. MORTON KINO appeared as MACBETH on Thursday. Thc remarkably tasteful costume and more than usually energetic, demeanour of Mas. GCEBIN, as Lady Macbeth, elicited unbounded applause. Over the rest common humanity .bids us DROP THE CURTAIN. THE CITY COUNCIL AND TIIE LOCAL PRESS -It is ever gratifying to the journalist to find the linc of conduct pursued by him in his ar- duous avocations the subject of commendation in high places j" nor will it be deemed ultra-ego- tistical in us to give publicity in our columns to the following memoranda extracted from the minutes of the proceedings of thc York-street Parliament on Thursday last : " BELL'S LIFE IN SYDNEY." The RIGHT WORSHIPFUL tlie Mayor rose for the purpose of submitting to the Council a pro- position, in which, impelled by a strong sense of justice, he, as first magistrate of the city, felt bound to invito their acquiescence. He would move " that this Council do pass a vote of thanks to the proprietors of Bell"* Life in Sydney for the liberality manifested by them in ever re- fraining from alluding, in their extensively cir- culated publication, to the proceedings of this Council, inasmuch as they are unable to bear the light of day.-Carried by acclamation. " THE SYDNEY HERALD" Alderman Wilshire, following the praiseworthy example of His Worship, would beg to move "a vote a thanks to the proprietors of The Sydney Morning Herald for their liberality in giving regular publicity to tho profound deliberations of the municipal assembly." Rejected with indig- nation : tiie members present with one voice de- claring, that the courso pursued by that high minded, straightforward, and only influential Journal, Delft Life in Sydney, was alone con- sistent with the dictates of prudence and hu- manity. As our reporter, with becoming mo- desty, bowed deeply to the Council, and retired with " His blushing honors thick upon him" he cast one backward, grateful glance around the Chamber, and observed Tom Agars extended at length in convulsions of ecstacy ; George Allen busied in his customary occupation of finger exploring his natural snuff depository ; and each particular hair on Sillitoc's venerable poll rising in courteous admiration of the decisión arrived at by the intellectual diet. BOYDIANA.-The interesting PROTEGES of the sable monarch of the Benjamin Isles have, it is generally rumoured, been invited to a na- tional feast, which will take place at the Church hill palace, under the able presidency of their sovereign master, in the course of the ensuing week. The culinary preparations are entrusted to five of the head cannibals, and the bill of fare will present the following epicurean dishes : First Course.—" Mock Picannini Soup." Second " —" Fried flappers of a Boyd Town Whale" Third " -*. Roast Gin and trimmings." " _ Curried Old Man." " " -" Fricassee de Bunyip." Fourth '* -"Patees de Shepherds' Brains, &c;, &e.;" The liqueurs will consist principally of "Train Oil" and the "Crimson Torrent of Life," the latter to be mutually contributed by the company. COMINO IT STRONG.-On Tuesday after- noon last thc lower end of George-strcct was thrown into a considerable state of alarm, occa- sioned by two very sapient young men", by the names of J-D-- and H--J-, having made off with a horse and gig, tlie property of one of the aspirants for civic honors, quite a " ThornfonjTon," who had left his turn-out for a few minutes to visit a" Commercial House" in that street. Thc horse with its new possessors went away at a slashing pace till it arrived op- posite /funter-street, when thc furious animal suddenly turned the corner, knocking a woman down in its course, which brought it up stand- ing ; and, notwithstanding thc jealous colouring of the vehicle, few there were jealous of the driver's situation, -whose physog wore a blueish hue, whilst his companion looked Dyed brown. The well-known gallantry of these gents was, of course, brought into requisition ; medical aid was immediately obtained for the female, but, fortunately, the injuries received were not of a very serious nature. The horse and gig wcro bi due course delivered over to thc disconsolate owner, and we are happy in being able to state thàt both gents are in a fair way of recovery from the effects of their fright. THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.-lt will be seen by an advertisement in our third page, that Mr. Henry Smithers Hayes . has resigned his canvass for the representation of Brisbane Ward. It behoves every elector to be early at his post on Monday next, there to record his voto in favor of thc candidate whom ho deems most worthy of support. This " note of warning" is peculiarly addressed to tlie constituency of Bourke Ward, in which a ncck-and-ncck contest is anticipated. SCOTTISH POLITICAL MARTYRS MONU- MENT.-During the last ten days workmen havo been employed in affixing an appropriate inscrip- tion on the obelisk, lately erected to the memory of the Scottish political martyrs, In.the did Cal- ton Hill burying-ground. by the friends of Par- liamentary Reform. On the lower portion of the structure, west side, lhere is thc following, deeply cut out in stone':-" I have devoted myself to the cause of thc people-it is a good cause- it shall ultimately prevail-it shall.finally triumph." ".-Speech of Thomas Muir, in the Court of Justiciary, on the 30/A August, 1793.-" I know that what has been done these two days will bo rejudged."-Speech of William Skir ving, in the Court of Justiciary, on 7th Janu- ary, 1794 ;-and on the north side, facing the entrance to tlie burying-ground, the following inscription is executed in large and well-finished Roman letters :-" To the memory of Thomas Muir, Thomas Fyshe Palmer, William Skirving, Maurice Margarot, and Joseph Gerfald. Erected ?bytho friends of Parliamentary Reform in Eng- land and Scotland-1814."-Caledonian Mer- cury.-[Joseph Gerrald, the pupil of Dr. Parr, and the most talented of the " Scottish political martyrs," died at Sydney some years since, and his remains were interred in what is now called thc Lower Government Garden, in-Farm Cove, lt is said that the land was granted to Mr. Gerrald, anl many persons now living re- member his cottage, and several of the elder native-born could point out the spot where his remains wcro buried. We wonder that thc Scotchmen of Australia do not erect a monument to his memory.-EDS. BELL'S LIFE.] KOURIE GUM.-This well-known Stee- ple-chaser is expected to leave Port Macquarie overland for Sydnoy, and his arrival-may be daily looked for. Wc understand the proprietor 'intends starting him for the ensuing Petersham steeplc-chacc, to clear up all doubts respecting the DEAD HEAT ran at the last Petersham meet- ing between this horse and the champion." Wal- labi." . TnE PLOVER.-:An error crept into the paragraph published in our lost, relative to tho approaching match on tho 8th proximo between thc above named horse and Foig-a-ballagh. Tho Plover is still'the property of Mr. Downes, and is merely named by Mr. T. E. Jones on this oc- casion. THE COMMISSIONER OF POLICE. - The charges which were preferred against Mr. Com- missioner Miles, and which were tlie subject of Investigation'"by a Board appointed by His HS cellency the Governor, have' been submitted, to th« Exevutira Council for consideration. SEDUCTION.-In a case of seduction tried on Tuesday last, at Windsor, before His Honor the Commissioner and Messrs, Betts and Arn- dell, Esqrs., Assessors, wherein a respectable farmer of Richmond sought .to recover from a native of Richmond, and a neighbour of the plaintiff, the sum of £30, for thc loss of his daughter's services, it appeared from the evi- dence that some two years ago defendant pro- mised marriage to plaintiff's' daughter, Mary Ann, but that, after billing and cooing for 18 months, the production of. a young Sou'wester broke off the correspondence between the parties. Several highly respectable witnesses, amongst whom was the Rev. Mr: Elder, Incumbent of Richmond, gave the plaintiff an excellent cha- racter, and spoke highly, of the manner in which he endeavoured to bring up hts family ; but we cannot say so much for the defence, the wit- nesses for which endeavoured by every possible means to add insult to injury. Defendant's brother said he had seen the lovers frequently together at late hours, and had warned her to be careful of his brother, but had hever acquainted her parents ; he thought it was not his duty. Questioned by Mr. Johnson : he had a wife, and a lot of children that called him father, but he! didn't know whether he was entitled to be so termed or not.--A rather prepossessing young lady, who has just completed the happy novitiate of the honey moon, had seen th: parties toge- ther ; she had seen her at defendant's house assisting him to craek corn ; she had been there herself cracking ; thc boys and girls used to lark together husking corn and rolling down the bank" of the River. His Honor put the case to the Assessors in a very feeling and impressive man- ner, who immediately returned a Verdict for the plaintiff £30 and costs. Mn. JOHN TERRY HUGHES.-The case of fraudulent insolvency solong pending against Mr. Hughes, was on Tuesday brought to a close, and the attornies for the prosecution and the de- fence having been heard at length. Mr. Winde- yer postponed his decision until Thursday last at noon, when the accused was committed for trial, but allowed bail, himself in £200, and two sureties in £100 each. EXECUTION.-Peter Pidgeon, convicted pf murder at the last Maitland criminal sittings, is ordered for execution at Newcastle on Thurs- day next. No mitigating circumstances what- ever were discoverable in this case to warrant the exercise of Her Majesty's prerogative. John Purcell, convicted at the same assize for tho murder of Joseph Palfrey, has been respited, and, it is supposed, will have his sentence com- muted to transportation for life. MURDERS.-Particulars of three of tae mostappalling murders that have ever stained the annals of the southern world are now before the public. We allude to that of the shoemaker, Ritchie, in Gipps' Land ; that of the wretched paramour of John Murray, at Lane Cove, near Sydney ; both recorded ¡nour last ; and the still more frightful tragedy, of recent occurrence in Van Diomcn's Land, the details of which will be found in our present issue. Sometime ago, a son of Crispin sent in a bill full of the following technical phrases : s. d. Dec. 23.-Clogged up Miss. 0 10 "' -Mended up Miss. 0 2 Jan. 17.-Heel-tapped and bound up Madam. 0 ll " .^-Toe-tapped Master . 0 8 " ^-Turned up.cloggcd,and mended the Maid. 1 8 " 20.-Heel-tapped Master . 0 3 " -Lined, bound up, and put a piece on Madam. 0 3 Feb. 1.-Stitching up Miss Kitty. 0 3 " -Solcing the Maid. 0 8 " 10.-Tapping Madam. 0 6 " . -Putting a piece on Master. 0 2 ia 2 