LATEST FROM ENGLAND. Br the Hooghly, we have London papers fo August 4th inclusive^ Parliament had bpen dissolved, and the country .was in the full heaf and bustle of election. So far as the returns went, the£Government had a great majority of its supporters relumed ; but it was hinted that when the County elections came on, the Protectionists would be much more numerous. Mr Macauiay has been turned out of Edinburgh; Mr Ilawes, Under Colonial Secretary, h :s lost his seat fjr Lambeth ; and Sir John Robhouse has been defeated at Notinghatn. These are the only miuistet ial losses of importance. Lord Jomu Rt»ssell has been returned, at the head <.f the poll, and Baron Rothsehild is one of the members for London. This last will bring to the test the point whether there are to be for the fmure religious disqualifications for civil off ce. The Queen and Prince Albert were *o leave Osborne House on the 9:h August, for Scotland, proceeding—accompanied by a strong fleet of steamers—by the Irish Channel, to Fon William. From all parts of t ! »e country the most favorable accounts of the crops continue to be received. The highest price of wheal per quarter, on Monday, 2nd August, was 7Is. The average for the previous week was 7os 6d. The English funds opened to-day with much firmness, the price of Corsols being-88f to ± for money. From this th<jy advanced to 8-Sf to in consequence of the state of the corn market, where sales had been made at a decline of 10s per quarter from the rates of the preceding week. Times, 3rd August. TALLOW is in demand at from 47s to 48s 3d perewt. The accounts from the manufacturing districts were cheeriug, and the demand fur woollens was rapidly increasing. PROROGATION OP PARLIAMENT.—Parliament was prorogued by her Majesty on Friday, July 23, in person. The day was extremely fine, and the park and the approaches to tl>e houses of parliament were densely crowded. The interior of the new House of Lords was filled in every part, nearly 400 ladies having been accommodate 1 with seats in the galleries and body of the hall. There was a large attendance of peers, and foreign ambassadors with their st:ites, all in their state robes, and on the entry of her Majesty and the greal officers of state, shortly after two o'clock, the appearance of the splendid Goth'c chamber, with its massive and gorgeous decorations and the briliiint and aristocratic assemblage by which it was filled, was extremely magnificent and imposing. The royal assent having been given in the usual form to the appropriation bill and two or three other bills, Her Majesty, having received the royal speech from the Lord Chancellor on liis knee, proceeded to read it as follws;—" My Lords and Gentlemen — I nave much satisfaction in being able to release you from the duties of a laborious and anxious session. I cannot take leave of you without expressing my grateful sense of tbe assiduity and zeal with which you have applied yourselves to the consideration of the public interests, Our attention has been principally directed to the measures of immediate relief, which a great and unprecedented calamity rendered necessary. I have given my cheerful assent to those laws, which by allowing the free admission of grain, and by affording facilities for the use of sugar in breweries and distilleries, tend to increase the quantity of human food, and to promote commercial intercourse. I rejoice to find that you have in no instance proposed new restrictions, or interfered with the liberty o' foreign or internal trade, as a mode of relieving distress. I feel assured that such measures are generally ineffectual, and in some cases aggravate the evil for the alleviation of which they are adopted, I cordial!v approve of the acts of large and liberal bounty by which you have assuaged the sufferings of my Irish subjects. 1 have also readily given my sanction to a law to make better provision for the permanent relief of the destitute in Ireland. I have likewise given my assent, to various bill calculated to promote the agriculture, and develop the industry of that portion of the United Kingdom. My attention shall be directed tosucb further measures as may be conducive to those salutary poroses. My relations with Foreign Powers continue to inspire me with confidence in the ipaintensnce of peace. It has afforded me, great satisfaction, to find that the measures winch, in consort with tbe King of th- Frezjcb, The Queen of Spain, and the Queen of Portugal, I have takenTor the pacification of Portugal, have be en attended with success, and that the civil war which for many months had afflicted that country has at last been brought to a bloodless termination. 1 indulge the hope that future differences between political parties in that country may fee settled without an appeal to arms, —Gentlemen of the House of Commons—I fh^nk you fcr your willingness in granting me the necessary supplies? they shall be applied with due care and economy to the public service. I am happy to inform you that, notwithstanding the high price of food, the revenue has, up to the present time, been more productive than ) hadrtason to 'anticipate. The increased use of; articles of general consumption has chiefly contributed to th 19 result. -The revenue derived frott* sugnr esr per ial Jy has been augmented by the removal of the prohibitory duties on foreign sugar. The various grants which }oa have made for education in th* United Kingdom will, I trust, be conducive to the religious and moral improvement of my people.— i-My Lords and Gentlemen—I think it proper to inform you that it is my intention immediately to dissolve the present parliament. I rely with confidence on the loyalty to the Throne, and attachment to the free institutions of this country; which animate the great body of my people. I join witli them in supplications to the Almighty God that the dearth by which we- have been afii cted, raav by the Divine bkssing. be converted into cheapness and plenty." I he Lord Chancellor I ben declared ihe parliament prorogued to Tuesday the 21st Sep!ember. Her Mafesty immediately left the house, returning to Buckingham Palace in the same state as she had arrived, and the brilliant assemblage broke up. Tii E ELECTIONS. — Saturday - July 31. — I he gains to the Liberal cause are great, but the loss is also severe. Among the successes (in some cases unexpected) are Birmingham, Bristol, Canterbury, Durban?, Reading, Camlridge, Oi Jhatti, and Bradford. But Edinburgh and Lambeth have preferred Mr Cowan a« d Mr Charles Pearson to Mr Macaulay and Mr Dawes. Mr Cardwell remarked at Liverpool, that these Elections would decide whether we were for going backward or forward. But this can hardly be said as yet to have been really brought in issue. It is true that when a Mr Miall, a Sir Digby Macworth, or a Lord John Manners appears upon the hustings, it is proposed to cancel Education grants, to re-enact Catholic disabilities, or to reload the springs of enterprise and industry. Upon such ques ions as these, however, the returns, as far as they can yet be ascertained, appear to leave no doubt at all. The proportion against every one of them, separately, is very nearly as fonr to one. Jt was expressly admitted by the secondi r of the successful candiatc at Edinburgh thsit the difference between him and the la e members was almost entirely a personal one. But this impossibility of setting up any question, or ghost of a question, w ith a shadow of probable success as a party cry, is the apparent source of the gross personal injustice which we see more nfa in these Elections than at any previous time. It has made its victims of the best men : Air Macaulay in fcdinburgh, Mr Hawes in Lambeth, Rr Roebuck in Bath, Sir Edward Litton in Lincoln, General Fox in the Tower Hamlets, Sir John Hobhouse in Nottjngam, have all been defeated by the cant of professing Liberalism. 1 he constituencies can have no better excuse than that they are tired of bein? served by snch men. The real strength of parties in the House of Commons is not affected by these defeats. They seem rather to affect the respectability of the House itself. And it is icr the Electors ol Liberal and popular opinions to consider, what the effect upon their own interests must uhi'iiately and inventibly be, if they thus persist in wantonly excluding from their service all who may have honorably sought the better opportunity of giving weight and power to such opinions by accepting office under a Liberal Administration.—Examiner. BELGIUM.—RUMOURED ABOICATION OF THE KING;—The K»ng and Queen of the B.lgians have arrived in Paris, and the ' Union Mnnarque* as«"9r<s that the object of his Majesty's visit is to consult with Louis Pnilippe on a project which he is said to have entertaii ed for some time past, of abdicating his throne. For some time past his Majesty is said to have been anxious for an opportunity of retiring from public life, but some recent circumstances have hastened and confirmed his resolution. For some time past the health of th : King has been very bad. He has been afflicted with a disease i f the liver, which has defied the skill of his physicians. A visit which he paid a few weeks ago to the baths of Ems in tbe hope of relief turned out not only useless, but even pernicious, and bis Majesty returned to his capital worse in health, and more depressed than whep he If ft it. This, together with the recent elections in Belgium, which have gone entirely against the government, have hastened the King's determinat'on. It is said that his Majesty's recent visit to England was for the purpose of communicating his determination to the government, and that he now has come to Paris for the same purpose. King Leopolds intention is, it is said, to abdicate in favor of h's eldest son, who is a minor,, and to get the Queen appointed in the meartime as regent. Louis Philippe is said not to approve entirely of an abdication, and to have advised his Belgian Majesty to retire for a year from all public business, which would give time to take the matter into mature consideration. These are the rumours afloat with regard to this affair. Qae thing certain is that King Leopold for some time past medJles very little in public affairs. He never sees his ministers on business. His ministers take their orders from M.Pradt, his Majesty's secretary, who has for some time past been more completely the King of Belgium than the King himself. RUMOURED RESIGNATION OF THE POPE.— letter from Rome of the29ih QK in the * Augsburg Gazette' says:—"Strange reports are circulated in this city. It is said that the Pope is resolved to renounce not only his system of reform, but also the pontificate; and that, with this purpose he has sent for his brother, Count Mastri, from Sevegaglia. The Liberals hold a meeting to-day for rroming a petition to his Holiness, which is to be sant to the provinces, and will, it is hoped, receive 300,000 signatures. The petition is to -jppint out; such reforins as the Pontiff may make ^without compromising his dign ity, . The reform party, in' fact, wish the Hofy Father to throtv hinosei/entirely into, t^eir, arjns, The discontent, of the pepple against the Jesuits is being manifestedwithincrea-} sed energy. It will be remembered that Ciement|' XI V, according to common repute,, was poisoned' by the Jesuits. The portrait of this ppntiff was distributed gratis among, tbe people on the, steps of the church of the Jesuits on the occasion jnsfc ad verted to. This portrait is now in the hands of j every one at Rome. The insinuation of the public I is not to be misunderstood. THE CAP£.-—By the kindness ofJ«hn Newman Esq, we have Cape Town papers to £|th Oct. ; The shipping report will be found elsewhere.! Part of thfe Pheftbes cargo of wheat* sold at the rate often shi rings per bushel. Flour, on the 3rd. October, was per ton. Wheat, Van Diemen's Land and Adelaide, from 9s 6d to 10s 3d per bushel. ' The Caffre ttar is still going on. INDIA.—-By the Ciledonia we have large files of Calcutta newspapers lo the 27th June. IJbey contain no -or me s.ignicat 1 hir<». Every thiisr ln quiet. %.1'iV • o' " GOVERNORS OF COLONICS. —SirlTenry Pott in-* wr leaves the Cape ; he is appointed 'I »oVejriior of Madras... Sir Harry Smith, 'the if JfewTof AHiwal," succeeds to the Cape Government. The -Smrtfr Australian of Tuesday quotes from a Port Phillip paper an assertion that Captain Sturt%as to be the Governor of Western Anstral-a. We announced, three weeks ago, that Captain Fttzg^rald, lately Governor of the settlements of the Gambia, had been appointed. Governor of that rolony. Sir IL E. F. Young, appointed to South Australia, was still, at the last dates from th« Caps, remaining at the seat of his Government in the Eastern District, and the colonists seemei? inclined to keep him there. They had address^ a letter to that effect to Sir Henry Pottinger, to which he had replied as follows:— f Grrliam's Town, SepMl, 1317. Gentlemn—1 ln.ee received TOUT m -mortal of the 2ml •nstaut, to my address, accompanied by « petition to fl>e Queen on th; .*o ! >ject of the transfer of Sir E. Young f om ihe situation of -utenant Governor <of tbe Eastern Dia-. tricia of this co onj to tUal of Lieuteuant Governor of South Australia. , lliat petition sliq.ll be immediately transmitted to tlie Right Honourable the Secretary for t<ie Colonies, |a ord<tt tM jt iyay be Uid before ber ^Majesty for ber most gracistie eo:'«iid<erj 'ion. •. I slia'.l he mnst bappjF to ouppoit the prayer of tbe pr» •ition for ifie confirmation of Sir Henry Icoiing to tbe, situalinn of Lieutenant Governor sf tbe Eastern Districts of lliit co ion r by my respect f ol recomnrenda'ion, ami if I find.it ties within my le^sil powers to dp so, I am further prepared to req.'est bi'n to rontinne in the discharge of bis present functions, pending the Qoeen's (toya Command*. On this pn*n», how- ver, it is proper I should say that I entertain vety great doubts. (Sijrne^) ITEXRY POTTIXCEIK To Messis Maynard, '1 hompson, &c.; - 