ENGLISH INTELLIGENCE. WE extract the following from our last received files. News from Hobart Town to 12th, and from Laiunceston loth, MWarch, are acknowledged. The appointment of the " Six" was noticed. THE QUEEN'S VISIT TO SCOTLAND. The whole arrangements for the royal visit to Scotland were said to be complete. The Duke of -Nortolk has been selected as chief officer on this occasion, and the arrangements have been made by his grace's instructions. Her Majesty, accompanied by the royal consort and the two elder children, will sail from Cowes on the 10th August; the grouse shooting commencing on the 12th of the month. The royal cortege will consist of the Duke and Duchess of Norfolk, Earl Grey, two equerries, and one maid of honour. Tile carriages, horses, and domestics will proceed in one of the Inverness steamers from Woolwich. Tile royal yacht will will sail direct from Cowes to the Cale donian Canal, and proceed to Fort George, where they will disembark, and travel by land to Ard veritrie, the lodge of the Marquis of Abercorn on Loch Laggan, about thirty-two miles distant. This " shooting box" is calculated to afford but small accommodation, so that, in order to procure what more-may be necessary a small inn adjoining has been secured, and besides some tents will be erected. Prince Leiningen will join the party soon after their arrival, and Earl Grey, after remaining ten days, will be relieved by Lord Palmereton. The grouse shooting in the locality is considered the best in Scotland, and on an average 3,000' brace are killed annually. There is also excellent fishing upon the lake of Laggan. It is understood that the royal party. will visit Lord M' Donald at tihe ancient residence of his family on the Isle of Skye, Lord Panmure at the Castle of Brechin, and several other of the nobility and gentry. This royal visit' to Scotland will extend from one month to six weeks. DEPARTUOE OF THE DUKE AND DUCHESS OF CAM BRIDGE FOR OGERMANY. Tile Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, accom panied by the Princess Mary, took their departure by a special train from the Bricklayers' Arms sta sion of the South Eastern Railway. Their royal highnesses embarked in H.M. steamer Garland for Ostend. DEATH OF THE O'CONOR bON. The decease of the Right Hon. Dennis O'Conor, commonly called " the O'Conor Don," one of her Majesty's Lords of. the Treasury, occurred on 22nd July, at his residence, 51, Pall-mall. The deceased was born in 1794, -so that he was in his fifty-third year. In 1824 he was married to Mary Ann. daughter of Major Blake, since deceased. He occupied a seat in tihe House of Commons, as representative of the county of Roscommou, since 1831, so that he was sixteen years a member of the British Parliament. As a politician, the O'Conor Don was a liberal and a repealer; as a Roman Catholic lhe was an advocate for a more generalised. system of church endowment; as a philanthropist, lie was solicitous for the removal of the more rigorous enactments from our criminal jurispru dence. The O'Conor Don was regarded as the chief of the ancient family of the O'Conors, as his title indicated. INDIA AND THE CAPE. Tihe Daily New's of the 26th July observes Tihe appointment of Lord Dalhousie to the Governor Generalship of India, especially at such a moment as the present, will be regarded by the public as more important from its indication of thie state of feeling between great political parties than from the fitness and impartiality of the choice. To the latter few will demur. The appointment, however, will scarcely be re ceived as one proceeding solely from thie fitness of the individual. It is, at least, an homage on the part of a liberal government towards an eminent member of that fraction of toryism which has fra- ternised with liberal men and liberal opinions in questions of commercial reform and of religious toleration. In another article in the same paper the editor remarks-The appointment of Sir Henry Pottinger to the government of Madras places ministers in a, condition to unite a' graceful act of justice to a meritorious individual with an important public service. They can oppoint Sir Harry Smith (Go. vernor-General of our settlements in South Africa We have advisedly used the epithet Governor General of our South African settlements, in pre. ferience to that of Governor of the Cape colony Tile New Zealand charter of government has eli cited'warm and general approbation througlrhout our South African settlements. Mr. Fairbairn and Mr. Godlenten have eulogised it with equal em. phasis. If ministers were to send out Sir Harry Smith as Governor-in-Chief to South Africa, with such a charter as that of New Zealand, combining three provinces-the Cape Town districts, the eastern districts, and Natal-into one general government, as they have done in the case of New Ulster and New Munster, they would promote the prosperity of those settlements, and confirm their loyalty to the British. crown. SIa BARDLEY-WILMOT, In the House of Commons on 10th July Sir C. Douglas put a question to the noble lord relative to the late Sir Eardley Wilmot. He read from Van Diemen's Land newspapers several resolutions passed at meetings in the colony, highly laudatory of the deceased baronet's public conduct, and said that alithough the debate which had taken place in the house had been very soothing to the feelings of the son and the family of the deceased gentleman, he yet would piut it to tihe noble lord whether it would not be well that some appointment or favour should be extended to that son by way of reparationi for what lie as well as his late father had sufl?,red. At a late meeting of magistrates at Warwick, a resolution had been unanimously agreed to by the bench to address the noble lord on the subject. Lord J. Russell did not think there was any public ground' on which the house could interfelr at present. The son of the lateSir Eardley Wilmol, the present Sir Eardley might by his character aund intelligence bea proper and deserving person to receive a public appointment, but he (Lord Johln Russell) could not agree with the honourable gentle man that the ,case was one in which they should interfere to fetter the discretion of the Crown (hear). RAJAH OF sATTARA-THE PRBEMIER' AMENDE HONORABLE TO MR. HUMaE. Mr. Wakley said, it was painful to hear his Iron. friend the member for Montrose (Mr. Hume), whol had done so much for liberal principles in England -to whose exertions for' thirty years it was mainly owing that reform had been carried, and that a liberal government was now in office who had saved the people of this country thousands upon thousands of taxation, implore the govern ment to grant a simple inquiry into this case, and be refused.. (Hear, hear.) And what did hic petition, for P Not that the rajah should be pro. nounced innocent, but that the question of his guilt or innocence should be inquired into,. (Hear.) Lord J. Russell said that some remarks had been made by the hon. member for Finsbury which ihe thought called for a reply. When this question had been before under discussion lie did not think that the heon. member for Montrose had made a fair allowance for his right lion. friend, in discharg ing what he conscientiously believed to be his public duty. He (Lord J. Russell) might have said things of that lion. member which lie ought not to have said-(hear, hear,)-and which lhe regretted having said. (Hear, hear.) -There was no member in that house who, during a long public life, lhad laboured more zealously in the public cause, and lie would be sorry if he used any expressions which were inconsistent with that senti ment. (Hear, hear.) EDUCATION IN THE ARMY. In reply to a question from Sir R. H. Inglis, oil 20th July, Mr. F. Maule said that schools were to be estab lished in barracks for the purposes of education, which might also be used as places of worship wheti soldiers could not attend the lchurch, but they wcer not to be consecrated, and therefore lie presumed the. service of the Catholic- religion could not be performed in such places. FINANCE. Lord George Bentinck movei for some returns in refutation of the "state paper" facts of Sir R. Peel addressed to the electors of Tamworthl. What Sir R. Peel left wholly out of view was the gracious and and merciful interposition of providence in his favour when the whigs went out of office. (Much laughter.)- No sooner did the whigs leave office than the country was blessed with three abundant harvests in succession. Sir Robert PeePs boasts often reminded him of the two flies described by the poet Prior, which ascribed to their own exertions the dust raised by the wheels of the chariot: "' Say, Sire of Insects, mighty Sol,' A fly on the chariot pole cried out, ' What Blue Bottle alive Did ever with such fury drive P' ' Tell, Beelzebub, great father, tell,' Says t'other, perch'd upon the wheel, ' Did ever any mortal fly Raise such a cloud of dust as I P My judgment turned the whole debate My valour saved the sinking state."' (Much laughter.) Mr. Hume observed that never within his recol lection had measures been so entirely successful as the tree trade measures of the late goyernment. It appeared that whilst the net revenue of 1842 was t£50,979,595, the revenue for 1847 (nalthough seven millions of taxes had been taken oilff) was £57.589,000. Of this sum, the income-tax amounted, to £5,474,000, so that the clear profit, less the income-tax, under the new measures, was £1,145,000. (Hear, hear.) He should be as glad as the noble lord to see the duties taken off tmalt, hops, and soap-in fact, lie would remove the excise, duties altogether--but he .would make unt Clidely in another way than that proposed by te noble lord-namely, by direct taxation. l hear.) earhear.) TRINIDAD On. 20th July, Mr. Hawes, in reply to Mr. lue, stated that the island was to be divided into districts for municipal purposes, butlthat the pl were not sauiclently advanced in civilization iaVe the privilege of representative government conferre+d o 'CCOMMUTBD AtIiY PBNBSIONB. On the 21st July Sir D. L. Evans moved for etUrns of warrants issued in 1832. tar. Hume supported the claims of these deserv :ng men, and said lie had not reflected how little ted a vteran soldier was to sit down for the remlnder of Ils days in the backwoods of Amerlea. WMr. F. Maulse lid not hesitate to admit that the overnment, having found the system of commut ng pensions for land to be a bad one, had discon inued and dliscountenanced it. With regard to tie ndividuals represented by his lion, and gallant riend, lie was prepared to say, that provided they could be identified as the persons really entitled to ,he pensions of which they were deprived, there would be no difficulty in restoring them. TREATMENT OF OONVIOTE. On 22nd July, Mr. T. Duncombe called the ttention of the house to the reports laid before par liament during the present session on the state of illbank Prison, and the treatment of convicts on board the hulks at Woolwich : he wished to know what the intention of the government was, and oped they would bring in a bill on the subject in the next parliament. Sir George Grey entirely concurred with tile re commendation of the Millbank commissioners, that the management of that prison ought tobeseparated froi the system of inspectorship ; he had prepared bill, and the subject would receive the early atten -on of next parliament. Mr. Capper had resigned his charge of the bulks in consequence of ill health, nd they were now under the superintendence of the Inspectors of Prisons. THIIE PAST SESSION. In the IIouse of Lords on 20th July, Lord Brougham reviewed the session. He first alluded Oltheactual bills which had passed--he was going to sy unhappily but a very limited compartment of the ,ictore he ad to present ; but helvould say happily -for worse measures than those which had become aw, especially three measures relating to Ireland, iad never passed in any previous session. Notwith standing theamountofrelief which was now albrded, n six counties of Ireland, it seemed that somewhat nore than one thlird-something between one third .d one half of the whole population of Ireland ere in a destitute condition ; and that, at the pre oet moment, 2,900,000 and odd persons were ieciving the means of sustenance doled out to thens Thm the collers of the treasury, by paid officers ppointed for that purpose. The evil had bebn o?mmenced by training the Irish population to ocome beggars, and much was to be feared if the !emosynary assistance which had in their destitu an been afforded them was suddenly withdrawn. . to thie Factories Bill, within the last three days, tvents had happened which showed a result that dd not require a prophet or a seer to foretell, namely, that if thle hours of labour were reduced, lhe reduction of the wages of labour must follow. ihe hours had been reduced from 11 to 10 hours, \d wages had been consequently reducel from 12d. o Id. tie now came to deal with the puny infants hich had been abandoned almost at their birth. lhe first of these was tile contemplated provision by he state for the Roman catholic clergy. The .bandonment of that measure he deeply lamented. liedesired, unpopular as the sentiment might be. nOt only that such a provision might be made for ie Roman Catholic clergy, but also, that there ioul be established amicable relations between lis country and the See of Rome. A railway bill as brought in, which had been put off till next ession-that morrow which might never come, ecause the next session would be the first of a rail ay 'parliament; and if there was no chance of arrying such a bill now, what would there be then P lie Health of Towns bill had also been abandoned; the Prisons Bill, and the Scotch Marriage Bill, and hle Bill for the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages, in Scotland. He had now come to the last, and he found himself surrounded by a whole troop of the ghosts of bills. The Marquis of Landsdowne did not know lhether the government to which le belonged was a strong one or a weak one, but lie did know, that there never was, or never would be, a government il strong as to subdue public opinion, and to carry, in one session of parliament, important changes. Ills noble and learned friend had also greatly over stated the number of persons in Irelandl receiving relief on the public works. His noble and learned friend must have taken his figures from some old statement, as they did not at all correspond with the facts as they stood at the present moment. seANOCHSTER BISHOPS' DILL.. This measure passed by a majority of 79 on 21st July. Mr. Hume opposed its tlird reading by a formal motion whiclh was seconded by Mr. Ewart, who observed the objection was not to the appoint Mmet of bishops, per se, but to the creation of bishops witll reterence to the poorer clergy, amongst whom the surplus revenues of the church should more properly have been divided. He ob lected to the admission of the bishops into the lonseof Lords. Sir J. Graham also voted against it, and justified the remarks he had formerly made. Lord Jolni Russell explained that the public were not called upon to provide the funds, and that lie no objection to bishops without a seat in par aslent. He declined to enter into the question of rotation, and that in reference to the creation of lew bishops Punch has the following headed Csmfort for Manchester.-Manchester to Lord J. Russell.-. My Lord : Tihe Health of Towns Bill is, perceive-and to my great affliction-aban 1oed, I am to remain in my dirt. My alleys. "Y sewrs, anmy dust-heaps, my havels--all that is dark aind nasty-remain with me still. Does your hrds give no hope P Can you offer no consola tion.lto alleviation of my distress P Write me some word of comfort, and believe me, yours, In smoke and darkness, Manchester.'-Lord J. Russell to Manchester.-' Dear ManchesterI I am quite aware of your distress I fully acquainted with the dirty condition you would change for a better. It is therefore my exceeding gratification to inform you, that for your future tidiness and comfort Ibeg leave to send you an anpron. Yours falthlfully' Russell.'-' P.S. I had almost forgotten to state that the apron has a bishop tied in it.' " SUPPLESIENTARY MINIlTE OF THE COUNOIL OF EDUOATION. The following is a copy of the minute referred to in Lord John Russell's speech at the City meeting ; -" July 10, 1847.-Read-'l he resolution of the committee of council on education of the 10th of August, 1830, as follows : The committee will re quire,as an idisnensableconditlon, thatan inspector, acting under their authority, shall be enabled to visit every school to which any grant shall in future be made. Such inspector will not be autho rised to examine into the religious instruction given in tihe school, but lie will be directed to ask for such Information as to the secularinstruction and general regulation of the school as may enable tile com mittee to make a report to her Majesty in council, to be laid before both houses of parliament. Re solved-That it appears to the committee that there are schools to which It is desirable that grants should be made, though the managers object on religious grounds to make a report, concerning the religious state of such schools, as required by the minutes of August and December, 1841t. Resolved -That the principles embodied in the resolution of tile 19th of August, 1839, be applied to such cases, and that no certificate of the religious knowledge of pupils, teachers, or monitors, be required from the managers of such schools." When this was announced in the Lords, the minute appeared to him (the Bishop of London) to throw down thewwhole system of inspection, which was one of the most important and wisest of the features of the original minutes of the council on education. He spoke the sentiments of the church generally, when lie declared that tile church would accept the minutes at first propounded, but it wqs not prepared to acquiesce' in alterations to meet the prejudices of particular classes of dissenters.' Lord Stanley held the minute to be a complete de parture from the whole plan which had originally received the sanction of both houses; and, upon mere sophistry and quibbling, a most unreasonable concession was proposed-a concession which Emnight be made from week to week, or year to year, in the irresponsible power placed in the hands of tihe government. The Marquis of Lansdowne thought the applica tion of language like ,t sophisticated quibbling" to men who had conscientious scruples, was a very harsh proceeding on the part of the noble lord. The question involved the rights of conscience, and he (the Marquis of Lansdowne) was not prepared to refuse toleration to those who could not adjust their consciences to his views. Earl Grey thought it an intolerable arrogance on tile part of any noble lord to describe the religious scruples of a large body of their fellow countrymen as arising out of a sophistical and qubbllng line of argument. DEVOTION. The Daily News states in its ordinary report Their lordships met at one o'clock, as appointed, but there being no bishop present to read prayers, the commencement of'business was delayed till past three, when a messenger who had been despatched to the town residence of the prelates, succeeded in meeting with the Bishop of Bath and Wells, who attended promptly, and performed the preliminary rite. NEW BILLS. Among the 147 bills to which the royal assent was given on 22nd July, we notice Juvenile Of fenders and Copyright (Colonies). DISINFECTING FLUID. In tile House of Commons, Sir G. Grey, in answer to Mr. Bernal, stated, with regard to a newly- dis covered disinfecting fluid, that lie had caused infor mation of its properties to be transmitted to the au thorities of several large towns, with a view to its efficacy being tested, Tile NEW HOUSE OF COMMONs. Lord Morpeth, in answer to Mr. R. Yorke, said he could not afford any sanguine expectation that the new House of Commons would be ready for occu pation at the commencement of teie ensuing session, expressing, however, a hope that the desired event might be looked for shortly after that period. ELECTION INTELLIGENCE.-LORD JOHN RUBSELL'S ADDRESS TO THE CITY ELorTORS. On 20th July. Lord John met the electors: his speech was rather common-place. Mr. J. Abel Smith presided. He believed that the English people, who were always just to those who served them faithfully, would not forget that in this coun try, happily, no minister of the crown could make laws or pass measures which were not in accord ance with the will of the majority of the House of Commons; and that they would not forget, that the noble lord since lie had been in power, had been, so far as party in the House of Commons was concerned, in a minority, and had been compelled to conduct the business of the country under those restraints and disadvantages which it was for the constituent body of the empire now to remove. (Hear, hear.) But if lhe felt that Lord John Russell could justly claim the confidence and goodwill of the popular and liberal party throughout the kingdom, lie felt that there was one section of that party on whom his claims ought to tell with double force. (Loud cheers.) Healluded to that great section which was not more distin guised by its numbers than by its intelligence, its energy, and its seal-thie dissenting body of this country. (Hear, hear.) Lord John then rose and said, from the begin ning of my political life I have always followed that great doctrine laid down by Mr. Fox, that acnets, and not opinions, are to lie the subject of punishment, and that religious opinions form no ground for civil disqualification. (Cheers.) It was on that ground, taking my stand on that principle, that many' years ago (I believe it is now nearly twenty years since) I proposed to the House of Commons the abrogation of those civil disqualifica tions which then barred the way to office to pro testant dissenters. (Much checering, and cries of " Bravo," and" Give item, Lord John.") Gentle men, it was on the same principle, and braving the obloquy, which long attended that opinion, that I always gave my vote for the removal of the disabili ties which so long afflicted our Rgman catholic fellow- subjects. (Repeated cheers.) And I know no limit to that principle. (Hear, hear.) I say, and have repeatedly said in my place in parliament, what I now declare to you here, that there ought to be no disqualification for civil office or for seats in parliament onaccountof religious opinion. (En thusiastic cheers.) He then alluded to the educa tion question-I feel assured, that some misappre. henslon upon the subject must have prevailed with the gieat body of the protestant dissenters-(hear, heat)-because, as I have saidl, in the British and Foreign School Society, to which I belong, and in every other mode, I have always found the protes tant dissenters of this country most eager to for ward and promote the general education of the people--(hear, hear)-and, therefore, if we difler at all, it must be, not in our object, but in some misconstruction or misapprehension of the particular measure itself, which further enquiry and further reflection are, I think, sure to dissipate. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, I stand, as I have said, in a position which is one of great responsibility-(hear, hear) one also of eminence, but which is by no means one of ease or of pleasure. (Hear, hear.) It has been said, poetically, What is grandeur, what is power, But heavier toil, superior pain P Now, I confess that, with that heavier toil, with that superior pain, there are charms in power to which 1 do not profess myself insensible. It is a charm to be able to advance, in any way, the pros perity, to promote the interests, or to enlarge the liberties of such an empire as this. (Cheers.) It is for such an object, pursuing my own conscien tious course, taking council from all that public opinion can teach me of that which is suggested aniongst this enlightened people, judging with the force of my own understanding, however imperfect it may be, and guided also by the dictates of my hearti that 1 now again seek to be your representa tive in tihe House of Commons. (Hear, hear.) ALondon journal remarks, " that, in a meeting admission to which for the majority was obtained by tickets given tofriemnds, the Chairman was not able to utter a word except to the Reporters ; that Lord Johln was received with hisses and cries of ' No, no,' ' Never again ;' which put a stop to all business, and kept his Lordship for a full quarter of an hour standing on a chair, imploring, be seeching, and adjuring." Our readers will remem ber the protest made by certain gentlemen at Ho bart Town, against the meeting which would not listen to thlem. Sir William Denison, the present enlightened Governor, with ridiculous gravity re ceived the document,and promised to transmit it as detailing a grievance of the ' first water.' The Prime Minister of Great Britain hooted down in London ..without resenting the clamour, and speakers in" Van Diemen's Land, backed by the Governor, sending the Premier a protest against the insult offered to them I SBI ROBERT PEEL'S ADDRESS TO THE ELECTORS OF TAMWORTH. Sir Robert Peel has issued an address to his con stituents, containing an extended review of the policy of his administration. We have only room for the following extract.-While cordially approv ing of the proposal of her Majesty's present go vernment to extend the system of public instruction in this partof the United Kingdom, I expressed an opinion that it ought to be sufficiently comprehen sive to include tihe children of Roman Catholic parents.-After a quotation from Burke, forcibly describing the condition of a country having "an ecclesiastical establishment, which, though the religion of the Prince, and of most of the first class of landed proprietors, is not the religion of the major part of the inhabitants, and which con sequently does not answer to them any one pur pose of a religious establishment." The right honourable baronet proceeds :-it was with refer ence to such considerations as those to which Mr. Burke has adverted, that the government with which I was connected, brought forward measures which constitute no precedent for any other part of the United Kingdom, but are especially applicable to the peculiar condition and structure of society in Ireland. We enabled her Majesty to endow new colleges for the advancement of learning in Ire land. We gave every facility to the students.in those colleges for receiving religious instruction according to the creed which they might profess, and for attendance on divine worship at the church or chapel which should be approved by their parents and guardians. We at the same time provided that there should be no obligation to attend any theolo gical lecture or religious instruction, excepting with the approbation of parents and guardians; and we prohibited the administrationof any religious test as a qualification for the admission of students, or for the tenure of an office, or the enjoyment of any privilege or advantage in connection with the new colleges. I feel with regard,thatnothing can be less successful in weakening the influence of the Roman Catholic religion in Ireland, than the course we lhave hitherto taken-that we have made no ad vance towards that object, .either by penal laws or civil disabilities, or by a system of complete aliena tion from the ministers of that religion. The result of his financial reform he thus states:-A portion, however, of the receipts of 1846, amounting to £416,000, must be attributed to the increased reve. nue from sugar, in consequence of the reduction, by the present government, of the duties upon foreign sugar. After making due allowance for this increase, it will be seen that the reductions of taxation effected by the late government to the amount of £7,625,000, were accompanied by a diminution, of revenue to the extent only of £770,000. A statement published on the 6th in stant carries the accounts for Great Britain down to the present time, viz., to the 5th July, 1847, those for Ireland be;ng not yet complete. It ex. blhilts for this portion of the empire a total increase of ordinary revenue, as compared with the year ending 5th July 1840, of no less than £2,015,871, of which (notwithstanding the remission of the duties on corn), £1,812,773, comes under thoe heads of customs and excise, or, in other words, arises from increased consumption. The whole effect, therefore, of the measures of thile late government has been to remove more than seven millions and a half of taxes; while the ordinary revenue of the last financial year for which they were called upon to provide has considerably exceeded the ordinary revenue (derived from the same sources) of the financial year that immediately preceeded their ao cession to oflice. OXFORD UNIVERSITY. Mr. ?W. E Gladstone's committee have received permission from the Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells to publish the following letter:-" London, July, 1847,-My dear Cooper, I beg to thank you for your letter, and to express my sincere gratification at your having brought yourself to thile same con viction with regard to Gladstone that I entertain of his soundness and deep love for our church ; and also 1 have to thank you for your exertions in his favour, consequent upon that conviction. I know not what more any man can.require to satisfy him self than two extracts, which I can give you, from notes of Mr. Gladstone's which I have by me. ]st. ' My convictions,' (as to the position of the Church of Rome among ourselves) ' which have never varied, are so strong, that, with reference to our spheres of private duty, I would invert the sentiment recently uttered by Lord Arundel in parliament, and say, ' The church of England will not fully have done her work until the church of Rome has ceased to. exist and to operate within these realms.' And again, in another note, ' I will never do anything. having in my judgment a tendency, directly, or. ever so Indirectly, to advance the cause of popery in these realms. Nevertheless, if good faIth or social justice shall seem to raise a claim which 'I, cannot reject, in such case 1 must act justly by Jew or Turk, leaving the issue to God.' Surely, my dear Cooper, no man can say more, or be required to speak more distinctly titan this, unless a pledge which no man ihas a right to ask is demanded. Believe me, sincerely yours, (Signed) R. Bath and Wells.-The Rev. E. P. Uooper, Burford." CANTaRKBURY. The Hon. W. Smythe the tory candidate speaking of the minutes of education said :-" hIold that all schemes with an admixture of religion must neces sarily, I fear, more or less, injure the rights of con science-(cheers)-and wound the feelings of Dis senters. (Cheers.) 1 know that, in an archiepis copal city like Canterbury, this cannot be a popular sentiment. I know that there are maniy to whom the very word Dissenter is a stumbling-block and scandal. I can only say, I have no such feeling. Why. I know enough of history to tell me that Christianity itseli was at one time dissent; when Pagan Rome-which differs less than some people imagine from the Rome of the present day-was an established religion. '.I admire, as no unmeet sequel to the long-continued and serial magnani mity of their Nonconformist forefathers, beneath all. the vexatious oppressions of Uniformity and Occa sional Conformity Bills, the spirited resistance of the Dissenters to this unjust, partial, and sectarian measure of Lord John Russell. (Cheers.) DANIEL WHrTTLB'HAaVEY. Mr. D. W. Harvey had, at the eleventh hour,. refused to stand for the borough of Marylebo'ne. He only a short time before the meeting took place wrote the following letter : " Old Jewry, July 23.-Mv dear sir: Since i had the pleasure of seeing you this morning I have pon dered much upon my position, and have called to my aid the calm judgment of valuable and dlsinter ested friends, to whom I have disclosed the circum stances by which I am surrounded. As you are aware, I am incapable of being elected unless I first resign the office I now hold-this is no trifling sacri. flee. Next, although I have not the slightest doubt of the most triumphant success, it must be attended with considerable personal expense; which I have reason to believe would be largely augmented in defending my qualification before a committee of the House of Commons; for experience tells nDe that there is no annoyance to which political hostility will not have recourse. Thus circumstanced, have yielded to the advice of my friends, and have re solved to retire. In taking this step, I deeply feel the injustice of the restraint which a cruel enactment has imposed upon me, and still more do I feel that I forego a distinction the attainment of which might well be coveted by the highest and purest preten sions. I feel myself utterly Inadequate to express the abiding sense I must ever entertain of the en .thusiastic spirit and kind regard which I have met with on every side from the electors of Marylebone. -lam, dear sir, yours very faithfully, D. W. HAR vav.-Thomas leotter, Esq." Sir B. Hall having addressed the meeting,:the following resolution was carried with only one dissentient : "That this meeting cannot help expressing the strongest indignation at the conduct of Mr. Harvey, and feel quite sure, that after the generous display of confidence of the great constituency of. iMaryle. bone, both as regards the promise of support and of returning him free of expense, with the exception of the hustings, his disgraceful conduct in withdrawing at this crisis will be condemned by every elector in the United Kingdom." SCOTLAND. Two massive blocks of Aberdeen granite are on their way to Dryburgh Abbey, to Ite, placed as tombstones over the remains of Sir Walter Scott; and it may not be inappropriate to mention in con nexion with this, that his writings have so far civilised the clachan of Aberfoyle, that there is now a good inn there, appropriately dedicated to Bailie Nicol Jarvie. The Glasgow reformers, resolving that the monument to Baird and Hardie, executed at Stir ling in 1820 for high treason, should not be a cenotaph, made arrangements for the exhumation of their remains, which accordingly was done with great privacy, and they now rest in Sightlill Cemetery-a curious instance of the revulsion of public opinion in the space of 27 years. .The lord-advocate has agreed to introduce at next session a bill for relieving 'proprietors of entailed estates in Scotland of 'incumbrances imposedl by statutes, public or private, similar to the bill Intro duced during title session' for Ireland. The Annual Convention of Royal Burghls was sitting in Edinburgh, but although sixty-six repre sentatives are entitled to attend, only sixteen' have this year made their appearance; their proceedings are consequently exciting no interest, Thise body was constituted inl 1522. Perhaps the inequality of representation-is one great cause of the dry rot in tlils;venerable confederation. We 'understand that at the approaching general election there is every probability ihat the Earl of J)undonald will be proposed as one of the sixteen representtative peers, We regret to state that letters from the nelghbour lhood of Montrose represent the potato disease as Salready generally manifest. Of a large number of .potatoes taken up Indifferently, nearly every one was found to be spotted on tihe outside and diseased throughout. Accounts from Kirkalday are to the same effect, and our informant, who is described as one of the best informed men in Scotland,anticipates from this early manifestation of the disease even more disastrous consequences titan last year. IRELAND. 'Mr. 'Anstey has addressed the constituency as ,a repealer of Youghal. The Tanmwvorth manifesto is the subject of very general discussion to;day, and most particularly in clericalclircles. To give any decided opinion on a iuq'uestion of so much public importance wiuld be premiture indeed ; but, I may say,' that many who heretofore repudiated tile idea of state connexion as tithe herald of Romrn Catholic dependence, are now' 'in favour of a change. It is said the catholic Itier 'archy Will soon assemble to deliberate on the posture -of'cllurch affairs. A letter'dlated Genoa, the 13th July, states that tlte 'body of'Mr. O'Connell had at -length been rdmoved from that city on the preceding day. The Rev. Dr. "mllley and Mr. D. O'Connell arrived at the Hotel 'dilrabeau, at Paris, on Monday night, on' their way to Havre, with the remains of Mr. O'Connell. 'It was their intention to proceed at once toSouthamp ton, and thence to Liverpool, and there embark for 'Dublin, where they would arrive either on the 27th July or the 2nd August. It is probable that, after the close of the session, -Sir William Somerville will succeed Mr. Labolichere .as Secretary for Ireland, and Sir Denis Le Marchant succeed Sir William Somerville as Under Secretary for the Home Department. WALES. On 16th July, the foundation stone of the New 'Training College, was-laid with all !due formality. Tile site is near Carmarthen, on a 'beautiful spot, commanding, extensive -views. T'he college and .grounds will cover 10 acres; the cost of erection will be under. £6,000. -iFRANOB,-sBNTENOB ON 'I. rTEST, G'BNERAL .osaBRBBs , AND , M ItaIENTIER. , Paris Court of Peers, Saturdayi 'July: '17, five '.o'clock.-The Court Lhas justgivein 'judgment in this case. M. Teste has been the most severely -visited, as was'expected: 'He is"coridemned-lst. T! civil degradation'. 2nd. 'To three years'im pirisnment. '3d. Topsay back the 04,000f., which sum is to be given to the hospitals of Paris. 4tlh. 'To a fine of 1r0,000f. -General Cubifres and M. +Parmentier are each condemned-Ist. To'civil ',degradation. 2nd. To .a fine of 10,000 each. (General Cubitres'lhas had a very niarrow escape of `hiaving "imprisnment added to this sentence, a mtajurity of one only beirig in his favour. MISCELLANEOUS. On'16th lJuly the Mayor of Manchester,' Mr. Al -;derman Key, and Mr. Alderman Hqpkins, a depn 'tation from Manchester, .to oppose the establish ment of any Ecclesiastical Court, in connection -with the bishopric of'Manchester, accompanied by t-he Right Hon. T. Milnier Gibson, M.P., arid'Mr. -J. Brotllerton; M.P., had an interview with Lord John Russell, at his official residence, in Downing street. The Hon..F. Scott and Colonel Mc'Arthur also -had an interview with Earl -Grey, at the Colonial -office iThe Bishop of'Adelaide had an interview on the -same day, witih Earl Grey at the Colonial-office. ;-'Tlie'Bishop of Adelaide had an interview on 17th 'July, with Earl Grey at the Colonial Office.' The Bishop of Tasmania and Sir Thomas Mitchell had interviews with Earl Grey at'the Colonial Office on the 25th July. 'The Hon. and Rev. G. Spencer died of fever -caught in the-discharge of his-duties at the work hlouse of Stone. r It Is reported that Lord Palmerston has decided on recommending the despatch of an accredited agent to Madagascar, for the purpose of restoring friendly relations with the Queen. The Atheneum states that Sheridan Knowles's 'reason for refusing from government a pension of "1001. a year-is, that in as far as the amount given ineasures the -comparative estimation, his accept ance' of this-sum would ltave been an admission on liis part of lower rank than his-long dramatic'suc cesses entitle him to hold. The Nonconformist reckons the-number of mem -bers likely to be returned in England in its interest, and they amount to forty.three. Amid cries of " No Popery," the shrill cat-call of "" No endowments," "' No bishops, " begins to be heard.-Times. The Rev. John Beecham;one of the general sec retaries of the "Wesleyan Missionary Society, is ,likely to be elected President of the next Conference, which will beeshortly held in Liverpool. The following appears in the editorial department 'of tie :Gardeners' 'Chronicle and Agricultural Gazette, which is conducted by 'Dr. Lindley-per haps,'tlte most-careful andt therefore reliable writer that could be quoted on 'this subject :-" -We can "-.only say -that our present information leads us to -believe that' the disease' is much mitigated ; that although 'very general, it does not spread, but ,rather seems to be confined to individuals or =small localities; that it is 'most common and su-alignaoni in :richly-manured .lands, in :warm ldamp places, and in late planted crops. All ihis may however change, with the changing weather. Nevertheless, there are better grounds for hope than we have had at any time for this two last years." 