MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. Wucher with- Buonaparte's Baggage. - After tho battle of "Waterloo Lord Hill writes to bis sister :-" Yesterday I rode with the Duke of "Wellington to see Blucher. We found the old marshal amusing himself with Buonaparte's hat, stars, and personal baggage, which, with his carriage, were taken' by some Prussian cavalry. I verily believe there- ' never was so tremendous a battle fought as that at Waterloo, and it is astonishing how any one could escape." Dangerous Good-Nature.-While Lord Hill resided Rt Westbourne-house he united, as much as possible, the enjoyments of thc country with the business of his command. He was most good-natured to hU Paddington neighbours, and ready to please everybody whom he could. One day, to gratify an officer he had known in the Peninsula, he actually allowed his own car- riage to be attached to a steam coach, in which his gallant acquaintance took a great interest. Unluckily, however, the engineer made too fine a turn round a corner, and.the carriage and its contents were-sent over a hedge into a field ; luckily his lordship and companions escaped in- jury, and the newspapers never heard of the accident. Lord Hill and King William's Crown.-At St. James's Palace and at Windsor Iiis Majesty invariably paid him the most marked attention, well knowing that of all his servants »not one' was more sincerely devoted to his person. After Lord Hill's death a silk purse belonging to him was found to contain a crown piece in an en- velope of. writing paper ; on the paper was writ- ten " This Crown was won by Lord Hill from Iiis Majesty King William tho Fourth, at Wind- sor Castle; 25th October, 1831. 1 will do my best to preserve it for him.-H." Extraordinary. Pie.-The inhabitants of 'Denby Dale, commemorated the accomplishment of Sir Robert Peel's free-trade measures in a somewhat singular manner on Monday last, not by the erection of a colossal statue, but by the raising of a gigantic pic, which was placed on a waggon and drawn through tho town, and thence to Sisset, amidst the enthusiastic cheers of thousands of spectators, and the enlivening notes of three bands of music. On the return of the procession to Denby D.ile, the pie was cut in due form, and portions of it distributed to all who desired to partake of it; particularly among the working classes, for whom it was originally designed. This immense pie of cul- linary architecture-the device of woman's art and skill - measured eight yards in circum- ference, 7 feet 10 inches in diameter, and 10 inches in depth.' It was composed of two sacks of flour, which nrc equal to 34 st. 41b. ; 100 lb. of suet, 20 lb. of butter. 16 lb. of lard, 4 sheep, and 1 lamb, half n calf, 2 geese, 2 couple of ducks, 5 couple of rabbits, 5 hares, 5 brace of partridges, a pheasant, a dozen of pidgeons, 5 fowls, and sundry smaller birds.- Wakefield Journal. Female Fondness for Red Coals.-Had the royal army of Israel been accoutred after the colour and fashion of thc British battalions, I am quite satisfied that another enigma would have been added by King Solomon to his special list of incomprchensibil ¡tics. The extraordinary fasci I nation which a red coat exercises over the minds and optics of the fair sex appears to me a greater ! phenomenon than any which has been noticed by Goethe io his Theory of the Development Colours. The same fragment of erisanguir cloth will irritate a "bull, charm a viper, and I witch the heart of a woman. No civilian, ho ever good looking or clean limbed, and I ratt I pique, myself upon my pins, has the ghost o chance when opposed in the lists of love by officer, a mail guard, à whipper- in, or a postma You may be as clever a fellow as ever cooper up an article for the magazine, as great a pi as Byron, in beauty an Antinous, in Wit à Si wyn, in oratory a Canning-you may dance li Vestris, draw like Grant, ride like Alexandt and yet, with all these accomplishments, it is hundred chances to one that your black co; although fashioned by the shears and polish by the goose of $tultz, will be extinguished! the gaudy scarlet habiliments of a raw-boa ensign, emancipated six months ago, for the fir time in Iiis lifo» from the wilderness of a Rig] land glen, and even now as awkward a cub ever presumed to plunge into the perils of polka. The German and the Yankee.--" Mister said a sharp looking Yankee - to an individu slowly walking along the Second-street, who: appearance seemed to indicate that he had n long been transplanted from the land of soi krout, " Misther, I-rather guess', you ben't lon in these parts, ehPV " Nicht versteh," answers the individual addressed. *' Ah, yaw, yaw, understand." *. I leave the faderland, and gor here. All rich men here." " Yes, mister, you'i right there," continued the Yankee. You se you're the kind of men we want ; you're the soi ' that make th$ bone and sinew of - the country as lawyer Slick said in his- last speech. 'Cut man that lawyer Slick. We'll have him in Con gress some of these days ; and then won't Plum kington go ahead ! But, mister, walk over an take an apple toddy. It does me good to se such men as you'; it does I avow !" "Abbi doddy ? Ah; dat's cood, that abbie doddy. Yes I take him. No abbie doddies- in Sharmany.' " Well, I reckon you are most right. But let' turn in. Consarn it, mister, what's that ? Why you've dropped your pocket-book, ain't you ?' " Nein, no, god him safe," said the German nftcr diving into his capacious pockets. '« Well, calkilatc we must be in luck," said the Yankee and proceeded to examine the wallet, whicl contained a couple of dollars in good silver and a multitude of suspicious-looking, notes *' Any how, honour bright ; we go shares you know. I rather guess they'll offer twentj dollars reward for this here thing ; bul give me ten, and you shall have the whole lot, and a pretty considerable smart it is, I reckon." " Is deese cood nodes P" asked the German, examining them carefully. " Good as tlie bank, mister," answered the Yankee. " 1 wish I may be regularly chawed up if ever 1 handled better," '¿lie German slowly took out his own pocket-book, extracted a ten-dollar note, replaced it, and then proceeded to compare the note with one taken from the prize in a dozen different lights. " Veil, mine frend," said ho at last, " I gecve you dis, and keep de bocket-bbok," and he handed one of the notes to the Yankee. " Hallo, mister," exclaimed the latter, " I rather expect you've made a sort of mistake. This chap is out of the pocket-book Í" " How know you dat?" exclaimed the German, quietly buttoning his pocket over thc wallet and the other note. " Ah, I see, id is one bad note. Ich versteh ! You tink you sheat rae, you-tam Yankee ; but I god your doo dollars safe, and you go off quick, quick, or I send one gonstablc after you, you tam Yunkee-doode." A Female Follower oj the French Army.-* A cahtiniere, the wife of a sutler of one of thc regiments, rode past us. My attention was at- tracted by her dress.« She wore on her head a sailor's old straw hat, beneath which was seen tho lace border of a white cap. A blue jacket, fitting tightly, tn her form, and a petticoat of some kind of red woollen stuff, completed her costume. There was a sort of coquettish smartness in everything about th¡3 woman, even down to the little cask of brandy, painted in tri-colored stripes, which was slung across her shoulder. Mr. R-observed to me that these eanttnieres are invaluable in the army. They are for the most part the wives of sub-officers. When her husband's- battalion is in garrison, cantiniere officiates ns a laundress : when thc battalion is on thc march, she puts on lier costumé and marches along with it. In the event of a charge she stations herself behind the second platoon ; if a square is formed she takes her place in the centre, and, during the action, she goes from one wounded man to another, tendering assistance, and distributing glasses of wine or brandy. In Africa, where the French troops have suffered so severely, these women have rendered signal ser- vice to humanity, and have frequently performed acts of extraordinary courage. There is not an officer or private who does not respect the can- tiniere of the battalion,-Count Si. Marie's Algeria, 1815. 