LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. The Government Land Sale took place at 1 1 o'clock a.m., yesterday, in the Court House, pursuant to the South Australian Gocernment Gazette notice. The land sold (including five small allotments in the townships 3i uoue ana brey, avernueu sometmng more than i5s 3d per uere; the highest price given being £3 15s 9d per acre by Messrs Dawe and Polkinghorne for a sec ;ion contumiiitr a valuable slate quarry. Some of tiiej ots were described as situate in mineral districts, and ?everal of the leading mining proprietors of the province ivere present; but in respect of these lands there was r'ery little appearance of competition. The aericultu- j ?ists are evidently on the alert, and eager to obtain de iirable sections. Section. Acrts. Names of Purchasers. Price. £. ». 1116 -27 R. R. Elliott ? 27 J i63« 24 T. R. H*rr ? 24 1 IfWo 30 Cb«rl?K Giles ? 36 1 JI5U 80 S. Dawe & T. Polkinghorne. 803 0 llol 60 Wm. rolion ? CI 0 1058 88 Jnhji Botfrell ? 89 0 (i.JO tU) Malcolm Mackenzie ? 80 I 5261 77 Aodr.w Murdoch ? 77 1 5-299 56 Ditto ? 56 I 5:HI 73 Kelly mid Brothers ? 73 I 4;l.'3 77 James SbaKea ? 175 0 2G39 M DotMld Gollan ? 83 1 300! fll) F. H. Hit ton ? 134 u iV*C\4 70 Oirio ? 70 I Wit) 65 J. B Thnrnp-tH ? 100 (I 3UU 79 F.edk. KunstuKl ? 79 1 aO32 60 T. Souih ? 60 J 30.% 1-24 Ditto ? 124 I 610 8'- George Fife An^t ? 80 1 1670 73 R Revan ? 73 I 1672 |u:J Dto ? 10 * I 1673 40 D.uo ? 40 1 1676 116 Ditto ? 116 1 7 In W. Younghusbuiid ? 3 ]0 16 39h Di'to ? 7 10 17 39p Ditto ? 7 0 18 2op Dnlo ? 3 15 4 Ik Ditto ? a 15 16o'2 acres and '23 polei. Tot»l...£ 2083 7 ? /_ Ye shades of Shakspeare, Garrick, Matthewi, Ke»u, Prop your rplestiul veils to hide tf.o scene ; The traifi? Mn*e or Comic, else may view Your scornful frowns, and bid the world adieu. Mr Hall's benefit came off on Thursday night, in the Mew Queen's Theatre, and was in perfect unison with nl those wretched theatrical essays to which we have »o lately adverted. Mr Hall appeared in the crHracter A E:irl Osmond, in the Castle Spectre, and evidently strained every nerve to 'produce eflect;' which how ever proved a dead failure. Tragedy is not cert. inly Mr Hall's forte. The deadly, unhallowed passion of Osmond was overwrought to raving. The tearing a passion ' to rags, to very tatters' seems, indeed, to be the general fault of inferior players, and the desultory re flective, soliloquies of the conscience burthenedEarl Ascended to intolerable flatness. Even Motley, in this ict, was insipidity personified The song by Mrs Richards was good, but we would earnestly advise our Fair entertainer, for mercy's sake, to throw some at ti- tudinal grace into her performances. Mrs OlifFe gave i good ' s mi le-il lust rated' song, as usual. The Highland Fling was certainly one of the worst attempts of the kind that we remember to have witnessed on any staye. We however concede willingly to Mr Hall his well 3eserved meed of praise in his clever representation of Squire Aldwinkle, in the farce of The Ghost ugainst his Will. The ridiculously-terrified old driveller was acted to a shade, and the char-icter well sustained throughout, being very passibly supported by Mr Lee in that of 'Deckory.' Mrs Stubbs seems 'to be fast improviug. A. CHrious instance ot Loosus Natures occurred during the performance. Mr Stubbs, who enacted the [-art of Kenric, and, par consequence, had to sustain a certain ob sity t'n the character, found his unwonted honours sit so loosely upon him that he w-8 under the iire necessity of employing the buckle and strap, which unhappily reversed the proper contour, nor could he relieve himself from the very awkward dilemma in which he was accidentally placed, until he had ' fumed ind fretted his hour,' or good part of one, upon the stage, the admired of all beholders, many of whom quite unable to comprehend the shapeless mass, wondered what precise idea the stulfing was meant to convey. Paddy, with his co-tt buttoned behind, was nothing to him in uuaffected comicality. Within the last few days a case of furious driving oc curred at and in the vicinity of .Walkerville, where a nan thoroughly stupid in liquor, by his insane driving, most seriously endangered the life - f a female under his :are. We learn that he was a servant of C. S. Penny, Esq., and had been sent to town with the horse and jig, accompanied by the female servant; as he came from town he was first seen driving through North a delaide at a fearfully increasing rate, and incessantly beating the horse At Walkerville he pulled up, and would have stayed but for the intreaties of the female and the refusal of the landlord to supply him, he again mounted the giz, when his hat fell off, and he reeled after it. The seat regained, no remonstrance could check his mad career, and well is it we have not to re cord any fatal accident. Those at all acquainted with that village know that there are sundry stumps and holes about it on the way to Capt. Frome's most for midable to encounter, but these did not deter the pot valiant hero. Thought was out of the question, he whipped the horses round (out of his war) by a pre cipitous part of the river, where the bank is almost per pendicular, and on the very edge, down a declivity at an angle of 50 or 60 degrees, amongst Btumps half disclosed, grazing some, and oTer some, the horse went into the proper road, and they reached the yate leading to C .pt. Frome's. Here the female most providentially unhurt, though much unnerved, got out, and entreated him to stay while she went for the key of the gate ; in spite of all that could be urged he turned with a curse from the uate to Walkerville, and commenced kicking, whipping stamping, and foaming, until within a short distance of the ' Sussex Arms' inn, when the gitf came in contact with a stump, and upset, pitching him out in the road, and smashed the vehicle ; strained, and we understood, bruised the horse. Some £20 will be re quired to cover the expenses j but how shocking it is that public decency, safety, and order, should be disturbed and jeopardised by these drunken freaks. The man escaped with a few slight scratches. — From our Correspondent. It will be seen by our advertising columns that the Gawler Town Races will take phce on Wednesday and Thursday next The entries eomprise the best horses in the colony, and good 6port may therefore be expected. Mr Cain has commenced the manufacture of woollen cloths, and will doubtless be able to do a considerable amount of business as soon as he has obtained the addi tional skilled hands fur which he is advertising. We have been favoured with a view of nome of the beautiful m-ichioerj in operation, and feel persuaded that suceets will attend this new instance of Mr Cain's meritoriotu and taleoied efforts to add to our colonial pioduction* add industrial resource! . On Thursday last (the day appointed frr the lanneh of Mr H. Athorn's new schooner) all the homei and shipping at the Port were decorated with a ?ery ahowy variety «»f line*, and a few cannon were fired on the oeca sion. The Adelaide folk flocked down in the afternoon in cart*, gijrs, and on hor»eback, in close and regular tuwesMoD, and the good ppople at the Port made quite a holidiy of the occasion. At fif e o'clock, the blocks be ing removed, the pretty Hi tie vessel glided bwotifnlly down the slide?, plunged into the water, and in a few seconds sat gracefully, a little by the stern. If she tank ed well in the doek the appeared to a far greater ad vantage afloat. Mr H. A thorn christened her Captain Cook. She is intended for the colonial trade; tod her saucy looks teemed to eonvay a challenge, the mult ol w!«fcb may surpriM sbm« of oar -lr»t-ntrtlipptrfe: ' 