THE STORY OF A FEATHER. By Douglas J err old. When Peter Fiamincro read or heard of the per- : fectibility of macjl anr certain that man appeared to him like a Poland cock, with a natural crest of fea thers. With this faith, it was consequent that Mr. Fiaraingo should pay profoundest reverence to those privileged to wear the artificial glory, such rever ence beingat the prime cost of those whom fate had rigorously denied that proud advantage. Hence, the reader can imagine the separate- places of the Mar- chioness of Mannaville, born to the right of a plumed coronet, and of- Patty Butler; also born to the duty of dressing feathers— can conceive their separate con ditions in the mind of Mr. Flamingo. The Marchion ess wus a creature" apart—a glory to be numbered with the stars of heaven; the feather- dresser, a mere weed of earthymillions of miles away from that starry nresence. Therefore, like a wood -Miennv turning 'Chaldean, Flamago thought, to properly worship the star, he must tread upon the weed. Mr. Flamingo, in the observance of this faith, did at times forget the mere - naked meaning of" words substituting another set of syllables for the only set rightly called for by the occasion. In home-spun praise, Flamingo was a liar ; but tben his lies, if I must call thenr so, were used to the very best advan tage. He dressed himself in falsehood, but then he ! looked all the better /or it. He made positive gjld- Zeaf of his untruths, which cast a lustre on him, co- -vered, as he would still be covered with borrowed radiance. Being featber-seller to the Court, he was of course, intimate with the whole peerage. He would, at a moment cast up tee number of dimples to be found in the cheeks and chins of Countesses- would minutely describe to you the'hangings and fur- -niture of every best bedroom of every nobleman's mansion in the kingdom, be, in the course of-bis glo rifying profession, having been an honored guest ? thereat. With him true friendship was a-flower that was only to be plucked from the gardens of the nobi lity and this flower Fiamingo was 'for ever twist ing between his lips, or sporting in his -button- hole. ''-My friend the Marquis,"— " My most excellent friend the Duke,"— " My worthy acquaintance the 'Baronei!" Thits continually spoke Flamingo.; and in so speaking, he thought he let fall rubies and dia- monds from bis tongue for the world to wonder at. A-man with so many, and with such friends, had of course frequent evidences that friendship was not wbatthe poetic cynic calls it, only " a name." By no means, to Flamingo, it -was sometimes a turbot — sometimes a turkey. His friend the Marquis would now and then appear upon the feather dressers' table in the no less attractive though twin-shape of a brace ofpheasants : his most excellent friend theDuke has smoked upon the board, in the solid beauty of a haunch of venison. Of all men the in world,- Flamin- go would have been the last-to deprive the peerage of their proxies. 'More, how often did -some exalted dowager appear in a rich and candied preserve— how often some Earl's daughter, the.last out of the season, sent a basket of peaches, ripe and pulpy, as her own lips. At least, if these gifts were really not made by the exalted people praised by Flamingo for their ge nerosity, it was not the fault of the feather dresser ; no, the more his virtue to preach- up the necessity of liberality to the world, even by apucryphal examples of true benevolence. It was sometime alter-I had passed from the hands of the feather merchant, that I heard a story illustra tive of this his theoretical virtue. As however, I may not A 1 An i 1. . _ !.- .. - f uuu aiuici piauc iiiu 11 iiic jjicgeuiiur iiiesiorjr, i will here narrate it; the more especially, as the oc currence took place whileT was yet Flamingo's pro perty, albeit then ignorant of the history I have to -speak of PcterFlamingo gae a dinner. I should rather, say he presided at a dinner. given to him; for there was.no dish upnn the table that might notiave borne above it the banner of the noble house from which it emanated. Believe Flamingo, and this splendid banquet was no other than a choice collection of offerings made to bim by the English no bility; he could point out the representatives of the peerage, from the noble who came to cut throats with William the Conqueror at Hastings, to the last baron \- ennobled for cutting the throat of his constituents at Westminster. How Flamingo's guests — benevo lently picked out-by him l'rom|the very mob of trades men— wondered at the banquet; how they . praised their host for his high connections ; and how they hated him. She dinner passed off with excessive cordiality. The wine, every drop ol it from the cellars of the peerage, mode at all events a passing call at the h. arts of the drinkers, ere it mounted into tneir Heads; and all was sincerity and noisy happiness. -The dessert appears. Was there ever seen such magnificent pine apples? Flamingo drops his eye proudly yet lovingly upon the fruit and says with a soft" voice, sojnodulated- that not one man shali lose one syllable — " Ha! my dear Duke of Diddieton — he is indeed a friend; "all— ail from his owu gracious pinery !" " Bless my heart! Well, you are a lucky man!" cries Brown. Was there ever such a duke in the world ?" ex claims Johnson. "It's a shame to put a knife into 'em remarked Field, directing his looks, sharpened to a very keen edge, towards the crown of this ducal gift, "Pooh! pooh! what are pines grown for, if not to be eaten ?" cries -Flamingo, handling his knife, looking full at the pines, but only indeed looking at them. " Don't cut the Duke's gift— it's a shame! I -wouldn't touch a bit of it," says Robinson;" but there's a couple of little ones, there, that—" 'it WpII iTvom ninfai> t K » K .mJ.a aa Ia— a . J.ru .J/lVIVi MIC. (1 1 IUCJ 10 liui BU -but their-flavour is delicious ! They were sent by —yes, I think it was by him,— by Sir Harry Bar- gate, a baronet of-the'fast batch : will you -venture ?. And without waiting for a reply, Flamingo cuts in to very, very small- pieces the smallest pine. And still all proceeds with increasing felicity. The bottle goes round and round, and at length the heads of the drinkers begin obediently to follow it. The laugh increases-»the shout swells— ana all is boister ous merriment. Brown jumps to his legs. " It's no use," he cries ; " I've fought against it long enough : I must have a cut at the Duke." So saying, Brown seizes the largest pine, and, with'furios.precipitancy, strikes his knife into it; Flamingo's blood running cold to his very toes, " And so mnst I ?" cries the no less drunken- John son, following Brown's example. " And i !" screams Field; and the third knife en ters the Duke's third pine. " And I, too," shonts Robinson, rising to commit execution ; but Flamingo, restored by the third at tack to something like consciousness, snatches up the pine, and Robinson, missiug his mark falls spiawl ing on the tables The charm of the night is broken; Flamingo do is suiky ; and the guests, a little sobered by their attack upon the Duke's gift, depart. tx We were wrbna," says Brown, "to demolish those pines,; tor ii Flamingo had bad to buy them, what would they cos; ?" "I wonder what's the market price now?' says Johnson—" let's ask ?" And as he spoke he turned into a celebrated fruiter's. " What is the price of those pines?" " Three guineas each, sir," answered the trades man. " They're very small." said Johnson. " Have you none bigger? "Yes, four— very ?arge; five guineas each. But I can't show them now ; for the fact is, they're out on hire for a night to my neighbour, Mr. Flamingo !" And so the Duke of Diddieton was the shopkeeper; and so Flamingo paid 15 gui- ness (he suved one pine) for a lie, certainly, il there be any means of testing the value of lies, not vortb half the money. This littje banquet took place on the 11th of Aug. 1762\. With much melancholy did Peter Fiamiugo rise on the i2ib. His bile, however, was blown away by the Park guns, for they announced the birth ol «>t Queen Cuarltute's first-bom son - the Priuce of vvUiAS. The " rudiments of an angel" were begun in George the Fourth. Did Peter Fiamingo rejeiceat the birth ol a Prince of Wales ? I think so ; but certain I am his heart leapt up" at the line prospects lor— fea thers. CHAPTER IV. r atty Butler, the Feather dresser.— Pdtty's mother. — Mr. Lint ley, the Apothecary. T;:e weik that followed the 12th of August, 1762, was a time ol jubilee for rejoicing, throughout Eng-. iuini- A prince of Wales was born ; and as I heard, n imberless patriotic rag»8 had, at public dinners, a!» ready prophesied in him another Alfred. In his time all the virtues would walk the highways, dropping flowers in the every-day paths of mortals, and rejoic. lug Plenty unloose her golden sheaves for the no uiore repining poor. Th e sky would wear a purer azure— the gladdening sun once more beam v ith the sanctifying light it cast on Eden — the whole earth lie nearer1 Paradise, and once more. "——angels talk familiarly With men," as men were went to talk with one another. The Prince — it was predicted from the tables of a thou sand- taverns— would be the paragon ol -mortals; in his own great acts indicating to the highest the di vine origin and end ofman,and showing the folly,, the littleness, of all human malice, and ail human selfishness. George the Forth yet slcp in his cradle, when the spirit of prophesying thus walked abroad, and played the sweetest notes upon its silver trumpet; and taylors and golden-laoemen felt a strange, myste rious gladness— ajlightening of the heart and pleasant spasm of the pocket ! Patty Butler dwelt in & long, dark lane, on the north side of the Strand ,in one of those noisome, pestilent retreats abutting on, yet hidden by, the wealth and splendour of the metropolis ; one' of the thousand social blotches-covered bv the perfumed, gold-worked trappings of the harlot London. Even to this place did the birth of the -Prince of Wales bring gladness: for Patty Butler smiled, as dreaming griel might smile upon an angel, as Luke -Knuckle, Mr. Flamingo's - light-porter, somewhat suddenly stood before her. " Hnsh !" said Patty, advancing to him, with up- raised-finger. '/flow's mother ?" asked - Lake, -with atquiel ear nestness. " Better— better, Luke, and 'asleep. Have you brought wot k ?" inquired the girl with trembling voice, and the tears already in ber eyes. . " Hav'nt you-heard the news ?" -asked / Flamingo's porter. " What news should 1 hear in this place?" said Patty. " Why to be sure, you might as well be clean out ot the world! Not|to have heatd all about it ! Well, I wouldn't ha' believed-ii ! Can't you guess >" Patty with a wan- smile,'-shnbk-<her head. '"Well, then," said; Luke, "nor to tease -you -any longer— for God help you ! poor babe, you've enough trouble for any six — what do you think ? — there's a'Prihce of Wales borti !" " Indeed ?" said Patty, unmoved by the blessful in telligence. " Why, where conld you ha' been ndt to have heard the bells ringing, and the guns— to be sure, this isn't much of a place for merry bells to be heard in- at all —but where could-you ha' been?" "Where could could i I have been— -where could I gar I'' said Patty a little impatiently— and then forc ing a smile to her fading lips, she 'asked— " and what, Luke, caoa-'Prince matter to folks like us ?" , " Well ! — why you used to be a quick-girl— dont you see, the Prince of Wales as is come will make the forlin of feathers ? It's what they call one of bis royal perogatives— though, for myself,T can't say I know what they quite are. I know this much, though ; old '.Flamingo's all upon the wing agin. There's -work for three months certain," added Luke, Patty clasped 'her hands in gratitude, -and said nothing. " Master said you must come to tbeshop and work, or go without it ; but I talked tb missus— ba ! slie'd ha' been a nicer woman after all, if lack hadn't given her such good board and lodging — ltold her how ill your-mother was— how-you'd starve beside her, but wouldn't leave her-; so I got her to abuse master into a bit of goodness, and so that you mayn't leave mother,' . I've brought the work to you." Here the honestpor- tar displayed uiy sell and others to- Patty -Butler. " You are always so good-natured, Luke," cried Patty. " 1 dont-know about that," said Knuckle ; "but after all, it seems to ine so easy to be good- natur'd, I wonder anybody takes the trouble to be anything else. Good bye, Patty : I say, the work mast be done di rectly for master says hedon'i kuow when it won't be wanted." "1 woh't stir,-Luke, till Fve finished it, that you may be sure of," said Patty, with new cheerfulness; and wishing her a cordial fare well, -and-speedy health to her mother, Luke Knuckle— the light-porter to Flamingo, the court feather-merchant— descended the dark narrow staircase with the feeling of the finest gentleman; for he trode gently, anxiously, lest be should wake the sleeping sick. Released from the case, 1 could now look about me. lam sure I felt a thrill of pain as the place broke upon me. An August sun struggled through a narrow lattice, as though stained and tainted by the gloom it had to pierce ; dimly showing the space of the apart ment,a space not. incumbered by -useless furniture. In a recess, a nook of the room, was a bed ; and I ouly could hear the hard breathing of a sleeper — but nnlv hpnr? fnr Annrfnin n' snmricinrL' ct'hifiinaee lmnn \- J v«. OMibWUVCU (J Uiig between us. Indeed, every object was wonderfully clean, and displayed itself in contrast to the mean ness, the homeliness of the material. All was penury, — but penury in housewife attire. Patty Butler took me from my companions, look ing earnestly at me. I have seen eyes exalting un- dei coronets; have felt throughout my frame the magic breath of beauty, born with all earth's pleasures .or its handmaids; have waved above and touched tke velvet cheek of lady greatness; yet have I never fell such deej» emotion as when gazed upon by the poor feather-dresser— the girl of fifteen years the drudge of a garret in a pestilent and feaver-breathiDg al- ley. Patty would never have been beautiful : born in down, and fed upon the world's honey-dew, she would have passed for nothing handsome; but she had in her countenance that kind of plainness, to my mind, better than any beauty heaven has yet fash ioned. Her sweet, gentle, thin face trembled with sensibility— with sensibility that sen tits riches to her eyes, glittering for a moment there, beyond all worth uiouiuiiuc. a. htt»c ouiu, auc V tto iCilllJ UUl lllteeiJ she would have passed for twenty. From earliest childhood, she was made to read the hardest wofds— want, poverty— in the iron book of daily lif and the early teaching had given to her face a look ofyears beyond her age. With her, daily misery had antici pated time. And she sits, in that almost empty garret, a lovely sacred thing — a creature that redeems the evils and the rongs of earth ; and in her quiet suffering— in her devotion, constant to her heart as her heart's blood— gives best-assurance of a futue heaven. She sits, by patient poverty— by sustaining meekness of. her soul, by unconquerable strength of her affections Beautiful are queens on thrones— but is there not a beauty (eternal as the beauty of the stars !) in placid1 want, smiling with angel looks, and gathering holiest power) even from the misery that consumes ir? 'For two nights, Patty scarcely took one constant' hour's repose. Still she worked-; her labour only intermitted by her frequent visits to the b.-d-side where lay her sick mother. 'I have seen the feet ol the best opera dancers ; heard them praised for their life, ay, for their intelligence— their sentiment. Yet have I seen nothing like Patty Butler's foot, touch ing the garret floor from her chair to the bed-side; so gentle, so affactionate, so noiseless, yet so trem bling at its motion, lest she should awake her mother. Each day, the dOc'or— -not the parish doctor- came. A neighbour had told him of the sick woman and he bad accidently seen the gentle Patty. Mr! Linlley was a poor apothecary. It -was at times a hard -struggle for him not to tell the man who called for the taxes,— to call again. He had no hope of a shilling from Mrs. Bulter,.even could his skill restore her; but more— he knew the seal of death was oh her; consumption— Patty knew it not— withered her. The third day I passed in the garret, the doctor paid his morning visit. Patty bad been up all night.- that night Bhe had wept— bitterly wept— had risen every five minutes to hover about her mother, who would still assure her sho was bettter— much better. Mr. Lintiey, the apothecary, entered the garret What chaplets are woven for men of slaughter! What statues erected to men-slaying conquerors ! What notes ol glory sounded — what blaspheming praises to the genius of blood-shedding ! I have seen much of the ceremonies dedicated to these things and contrasting my late feelings with my present,' with what new homage do I venerate, the race of Lintlevs— the men whr>. iib minnr/frntU .»aH. h.a J t " w 444,UVI acilicoj » CAIJV 11JL earth— and in the homes of poverty, where sickness fails with doubly heavy hand, fight the disease beside the poor man's bed, their only fee the blessing of the piior ! Mars may have his planet, but give me what —in the spirit ol the old mythology might be made a star in heaven— the night-lamp of apothecary Lint- "And how — how is your mother?" asked the apo hec-ary, shown into the room by Patty, who, with me in her hand, had risen to open the door. " She is better; sir," said Pattv,— " better and asleep." The apothecary looked|with a mild sadness on the girl, and drew aside the curtain. Her mother was dead. In tears and a ony and numbness of heart, and death about me, I was prepared—" dresl" for— But of that in another chapier. CHAPTER V. Patty Butler finishes her work. — A word on London Garrets.— A Ruffian.— Patty in the Watch house. Patty's loss of her mother was quickly known ; and as quickly was the chamber of death filled with neighbours — the needy, squalid, -suffering, ay, and even vicious denizens of that miserable, fetid alley. Touched by sympathy, in the very fulness of heart, utter destitution proffered service and assistance to the motherless girl — when its only aid was a comfort ing look-; its only- means the starting tear-; nature, for getful of its worldly destitution, spoke only fiom the abundance of its pity. Old, care-lined faces— Wi h the ugliness of habitual want sharpening and deform ing them— looked kind| and gentle, for the time refined and humanised by the awakened spirit of hu man love. These pressed about the sufferer, and w.th trite words of comfort — with old and common phrases of comyassion— (the best rhetoric the talkers had to offer)— tried to sooth the striken girl, 11 God help her 1 cried an old crone, with melting looks though with the features of a sybil. " God will help her '"cried a young creatme, sobbing, whilst the tears ran flown her cheeks, washing from ' them the branding rouge that set a part -the speaker, flo ear nest was the voice that Patty raised her head from her' hanfls, and her eyes meeting the eyes of her girl neighbour— of the. poor reckless thing,- often so heed less and laughing in her very dispair ; of her, who a hundred times when passing in the lane, by venom words, and brassy looks, had taunted and out-stared the simple, gentle feather-dresser — Patty fell a common on of heart in the deep. sincerity of that as surance of God's help, and through her tears -smiled dimly, yet thankfully, affectionately on her comforter. The blighted girl, thus recognised, was about to seize Patty to her arms with the folding of a sister-;, she then shrunk back as at a ghost, and,. as:though' the poison had suddenly, shot through ail her veins, trembled from head to foot, whilst the paleness of death rose beneath the paint, in ghastly contrast of mortality and -shame. Wilh-a half-suppressed moan, she darted -down stairs, and rushed to her only place 0 1 refuge — the horrid streer. Happily, the' kindness of Mr.' Lintiey, the apothe cary, rendered the assistance ol the neighbours— could they have rendered any. beyond the kindness of mere words — needless.. Doctor -Lintiey was doomed to perhaps, the most penal condition-of poverty ; that is to an outside show 0 f comfort, with that gnawing, snapping fox, penury, eating to the bowels within ; was one of the thousand grown-up-Spartans who, with aching hearts and over-jaded faculties, turn a shiuing outside look on London streets. Neverthe less, Lintiey determined that-Patty's mother should not go to the earth in workhouse deate; for though his philosophy smiled at the vanities of the under taker, it bad-still, in its- very elevation, the' better part of philosophy, a benign and charitable consideration for the weakness, the prejudice; yea, for the tolly of others. Thus, all thiugs necessaryfor that last scene of life—in which the man though dead still plays a part— were duly ordered- at the-charge of Mr. Lint- l?y, and — how few thehours l— Patty sat and worked beside her coffined mother. "'Now, child — do come down stairs — flo, now; you'll be comfortable there," urged an old. woman, a lodger, to Patty, seeking to win her from the place of death manic you, 1 am oetier here— happier— indeed- 1 am," s<iid Patty, with sweet meekness. " Well, but it's getting late and dark," said the wo man, " and ain't you afraid ?" u Afraid ! "Of what shouidT be afraid"?" asked the girl. 44 Well, to be sure, for a young'thing you've-a bold heart; but when I was a girl, I could have no more tayed alone with anybody dead—" " Not if you loved them?" interrupted/Patty. " Why,lovt'e something, to be sure-; but still death, my-dealh, you-know— " " Takes fear from love, and as I feel it,- makes love) stronger; -I loved her when she was here, and must I not love her— still more love her— how she. is an an- «;el? Ttell you; it comforts meto be alone' — it'-does indeed," said Patty.- i " Well, to be sure ! if ever:! who could have thought and theeid woman would have proceeded in her ex clamations. " But if you'll be kind-enough to stay here till" I come back Irom Mr Flamingo — ,' " To be sure ; Mrs. Shroudiy and me will s!ay," said the woman. "Wm will en efirvfl mo ! Tn K1lfAn.-kn.1s T aUaII " " VV WV<' » V AM. ASS lie A I Qll llUUI JL Btmil have finished my Work-; 'I shall soon be back." " And you'll sleep here alone - in this room to night ?" asked the querist. j: For a moment Patty could not speak:; then with- a torrent of tears and a voice of anguish, she an swered — " It is the last, itris tbelasV ' The well meaning neighbour left the room, and:, by the last light of a goldeu August evening, Patty, completed her task, tier work was done; and the) room daiktrned, daikcned about her. She. sat fear less, self- sustained in the gloom; her thoughts made solemn and straightened by the atmosphere of death which fell upon her spirit. She fell as iu a holy pre sence. That poor, weak, ignorant creature — in the exaltation of her soul, communed with her mother in the skies; talked, wept, prayed to her and was com-- forted. And for that which lay apart — for that mute' dull semblance of the thing that it was — it was for a time forgotten in the rapturous grief that sorrowed at (tfi IACC iK 11 a i>n AOAri tTio Iirl r> n k Aim nf fZirknoaa « uug p/noccu rue gtii ail nuui ui u a 1 made bright by spiritual dreams ; and then calm and sustained, she-prepared ' to venture into the roaring- street. Unseen, unknown, are "the divinities that — de"- scendingfrom garrets— tread the loud, foul, sordid, \- crowding highways of London ! Spiritualpreseaces, suffering all things, and'-in the injustice— rabst hard to turn to right — ol our social purpose, living and smi ling, daily martyrs to their creed of good. Young children, widowed age, and withered singleness — the. ardent student, flushed and fed with little else but hope — the disappointed-, yet brave, good old man, .a long, long loser in the world ly:fight, who has retired, apart, to bleed nnseen, and uucomplaining die— the poor and stern man, only stern in truth— sour in speech, with heart o! honied sweetiiess,— all of these, in their thousand shades of character and spirit— the "army of martyrs" to'fortune, and thesocia! iniqui ties that, dressed and spangled for truths, man passes off on man — all of this bright band have, and -do, and will consecrare the garrets of London, and make a holy thing of poverty by the sacrificial spirit with which they glorify her. Many of these are io be known — but more escape the searching eyes of the quickest moral vision. There is a something— a; 44 look of service'' in the aspect of some-; a depression that elevaies, a dogged air of courage that speaks the fighting m 'ft in poverty's battalions — an honorable, undisguised thread bareness that mai ks the old cam paigner 1 Are not his darns more heautiful than best work oi Sidonian needles— ;is there a patch about him that is not, morally assayed true cloth of.gold? And has not such poverty its attending spirits ? Oh, yes! a bloodless glory is its body guardj and its taller- bearer an angel; And dos< noisome such presence walk with Patty Butler down the S'.rand, on to lliehoase of Peter Fla mingo, feather merchant to the court ? Stay -: who is it, that tiow addresses her ? There is a tall creature hanging abaut her steps— now, shitting, to the right sid", now the left ; now behind and now before. And now he inclines . him self, and says something to the ear of Patty, who with her thoughts in that room of misery and deso lation — cannpi heed him, but with her heart in her throat, walks quicker and quicker, silent and chok- ng. . " If you ha'n't a tongue, I'll see if you have lips.l" exclaimed, not the good angel of rPaify Butler,— and the speaker threw his arms about the girl, . who shrieked with misery and terror.. Ere, however, the sound died upon his ear, the ruffian had measured his length upon King George the Third's highway. Luke Knuckle, Mf, Flamingo's porter, tad beet) sent to Patty to hurry her with her work. Arriving at the house' but two or three minutes' after her de parture, he had followed closely on her steps, and' was thus in a most advantageous situation for the proper/application of his fist, at a most dramatic point of time. " Watch ! watch !" roared the fellow, still upon his back; for with evidently a quick sense of the magnanimity of Britons, he felt the onjy means of escaping a second blow was to use nothing but his lungs. , . ' What's the matter ?" asked a watchman, whol miraculously happened to to be neaMhe-spot. " I'm robbed," was the answer. 44 -Robbed!" and the watchman whiled his rat tle. "Robbed!' was the lie. repented-'; 44'and.T desire you, to take to the watch-house that pickpocket"— and ther-speaker pointed to Knuckle—" and that— " but the word was lost, in the noise of a newly sprung rattle. The wachmen; gathered, together, and Patty Bus ier, witn her honest champion, was taken to the watch-house of St Martin in the Fields; To be continued 'in our next, 