GERALDINE. A "TALE OF "QCO CIBNOE. VOL. II. CHAP. XI. Lard .Hervey entered his mothers sitting room. on the following morning, before the hour agreed upon with Geraldine, and found Lady Hungerford on lier chaise longue, her attention divided between the Court Journal and her .Persian cat, which, with the " clearest-views" respecting his own-com fort, was-claiming far more than his share of the pillow. Lady Hungerford. welcomed her son with her usual tenderness, and her satisfactidn increased when she found that Geraldine was to spend that part of. the morning with ier ; till on Lord Her vey's mentioning the subject of their projected con veriation, she sighed, and shutting the Bible, which he had brought witli him, and had spread open on the table beside her, " I grieve to think, Hervey," said she, "that-I, who used .to have such a respect for the Bi le, and always made a point to read a little in it every night, am now frightened at the very sight or mention of the book, for, instead of giving -me any comfort, I always happen to fall upon some text that has caused disputes,. or that some one says has been wrongly translated. If I had the courage to keep my own opinions like your father, I know that I should be happier, but I have not his firm ness, and indeed I do not know that I ever had any •opinions. " But, dearest mother," said Lord Hervey, " you were happy last night. The .tears you then shed were those of devotion. You were satisfied with the light 1 endeavoured to throw on the part of scrip ture selected." "(1 was .partly happy, and partly sad," replied Lady Hungerford. '"I Wias happy in thinking of your'piety anrd goodness. I thanked God that, in these days of carelessness, if not of open infidelity, you should be what you are," and the fond ansther kissed the open brow of her son, and blessed him. " Now, why that deep sigh P" said Lord Hervey, -after a little pause, and kissing his mother's hand as she leaned over him. " I sigh to think of your father's prognostics specting the Church ; and I sigh still more, dear -boy, to think that it is your party that has driven Geraldine Carrington into Popery.!" Lord Hervey started, and said eagerly, " Does sihe accuse us of this P" " Hush, here she is," whispered Lady Hunger ford, as Geraldine entered. " and thank goodness, without her eternal Miss Graham." " i find that Katherine has engaged -herself to teach, or learn some new work with Miss Scotney," said Geraldine, approaching the table, on which she deposited lher Bible, and a little notebook containing the texts in question. "So much the better, dear gir l," said Lady Hun gerford, " for it is seldom that I can have this calm enjoyment of you, and Hervey alone with me; and even now you are going to spell It all by these *never ending controversies." " It was Lord Hervey's proposal, not.mine," said Geraldine. " For my own part, I have had enough of controversy, and desire to be free from its ex citements and its cares." "' Then, my love," cried Lady Hungerford, " you shall have nothing said-to you in my room that you do not like to hear, and Hervey would be the laFt person. to desire it. He only wishes to converse witih you here quietly, without all the usual ' entour age.' ....Now, don't mind me ; I am always silent of a morning; but talk away just as if I were not here, only remember there are so many interesting topics for you and Hervey besides religion." Lordl Hervey smiled, Geraldine blushed, and each opened their Bible, the former to show his mother that if hlie intended to speak on subjects of more personial Import to Miss Carrington, itwould certainly not'be in her ladyship's presence, and our heroine to prove to Lady Hungerford that she had accepted the invitation to her room for no purpose beyond that of examining the texts in question. " May 1 look at this note-book P" said Lord Hervey, securing the little manuscript which lay near' him. "I scarcely know whether to consent," replied Geraldine ; " for I wrote these questions and doubts nearly a year ago, before I conversed with my uncle and Mr. Everard, and when I had no spiritual adviser near me, whom I could trust. I was alone with my Bible." " Then this manuscript must have tenfold more interest with me,:' said he. " Would that you had been always alone with your BibleJ" " You will scarcely think thus, when you have seen the result of my private study and meditation," replied Geraldine. " Then, would that I had been always'with you I" added he, with emotion. Geraldine then pointing to the page in her manuscript, where the reference to scripture begins, requested him either to read, or to let her read aloud, while the other should refer when. requisite to the Bible.-Lord Hervey first read as follows r ".The following 7Teta are proof that the Church Triumphant is full of sympathy and good office to the Church Militant. " FIRST--THIBa KNOWLEDGo O WHAT PAsbAS UPON EAaTH. "' Wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses.'-Heb.,xii., 1. "?rWhich things the angels desire to look into.' -1. Pet., i., 12. "-' We are made a spectacle unto the world, and unto angels andunto men.'-I. Cor., iv., 9. '-" God manifest in the flesh....seen of. Angels.' -I., 7tm., iii., 16. ** * Then shall I know, even as also I am.known.' -I.'Cor., xiii., 12. ..'.There were great voices in Heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the king doms of our Lord. How long, O Lord, holy and true, dust thou not judge and avenge our blood on 'them that dwell upon the earth.'-Rev., vi., 10. " SECONDLY-r TEI ACTIVE AGENOY. "'The God of Shadracl,,&c.;, who Iath sent his. Angel, and hath delivered his servants.'-Dan., ii., 28. -' ' My God hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths.'-Dan. vi., 22. - S' 'Bless the Lord, ye His hosts,-ye ministers of His, that do His pleasure. -Ps., ciii., 21. ' The angel of His presence saved them.' Is., lxiii., 9. " ' For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water.' - John, v., 4. " 1 Are they not all- ministering spirits sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs for salvation. -Heb., i., 14. " ' Their (little children's) angels always behold the face of my Father which is in Heaven.--Matt., xviii., 10. "' And there appeared an angel unto Him from Heaven, strengthening him.'-Luke xxii. 43. "' And angels came and ministered unto him.' -110att. iv. 11. ' * Benotforgetful- to entertain strangers, for some have entertained angels unawares.'-Heb. xiii. 2. . Immediately the angel of the Lord smote Him.'-Acts xii. 13. "' I, Jesus, have sent my angel to testify unto you these things in the Churches.' -Rev. xxii. 16. " 4 He sent, and signified by his angel, unto his servant John.-Rev i; 1. - " THIRDLY--THEIR COMMUNION IN PRAA4B WITH TIIE CHURoH ON EARTH. "' But ye are come unto Mount Zion, &c.;, and to an innumerable company of angels, to the general assembly .and Church of the first-born, which are written in Heaven, and to God the judge of all, and to the spirits of just men made perfect.'-Heb. xii. 22, 23. " ' That there should be no schism in the body ; but that the members should have the same care one for another.'-1 Cor. xii. 25. " ' There shall be joy in Heaven over one sinner that repenteth.'---Luke xv. 7. Charity never faileth.'- 1 Cor. xiii. 8. P " pray one for another.'-Eph. vi., 8. ** And the four creatures, and the four and twenty elders,- fell down before the Lamb, having every- one of them harps, and golden vials full of odours, which are the prayers of the saints.' Rev. v. 8. "', And another angel came, and stood at the altar, having a golden censer, and there was given uinto him much incense,that he should offer with the prayers of the saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne.' ", ' And the smoke of the incense, with the prayers of the saints; ascended up out of the angePahand.' -Rev. viii. 3, 4. 4" I find, from the above texts, that the Church is a general assembly ' under God, the judge of all,' comprising, first, an innumerable company of an gels ; secondly, the ' spirits of just men made per fect;' thirdly, the members not yet received into glory. I find that, in this Church of the first-born, there is to be no schism, but that the ' members should have the same care one for another,' that they are to ' pray one for another,' that in Heaven ' charity never faileth,' (and can there be a more lovely exercise of charity than intercessory prayer P) I find in the heavenly vision given to St. John, that the angels at the altar offered up the prayers of the saints. Now, if these were tile glorified saints, their. prayers must have been for their militant brethren, because, for themselves, prayer had turned to praise :-if the word ' saints' may apply to those on earth, their prayers, in being oflered by tihe angel, prove the communion througlh all parts of Christ's one Churcl ; and from this communion of love let me not be excluded i " This beautiful truth lhas been abused; but no truth should on that account be abandoned; for what; is there true or beautiful which has not been abused P There are greater and lesser truths re vealed to man. Among the former is the great truth, that Christ died for sinners: among tihe latter, that His disciples laboured for thie conversion of sinners. Does my belief is the latter contradict or obscure my lively faith in the former P Just so, many subordinate articles of belief in the Church neither contradict nor obscure the great foundation of hier faith; for truth cannot injure trutlh ! " If the perfect communion of saints be proved from Scripture, and found to have been the belief in those early ages, acknowledged here by the E]nglishi Church (but, in reality, taken on trust, without her knowing muth about them) ; when we honour those whom God honours, and believe that ' great praise hiatlh hle in his saints,'-are we to exclude from this perfect and spiritual body, the humble hely Mary, virgin mother of our Lord P If the angel of God addresses her thus, ' IIail, thou art full of grace, the Load is withll thee !i' and the Holy Ghost, by the I mouth of Elizabeth, * Blessed art thou amongst I women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb;'-cano it derogate from our love and service to our divine Redeemer to add, ' Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, now, and at the lhour of our death. Amen !'- This is the whole of the address to the Virgin, called _.thle ' Hail Mary ' (Ave Maria) ; that part, * Mother of God,' being added, when certain hleretics advanced oplinions against the perfect union of God and man in Chri:t, born of a woman. ', As, in thie earlier ages of the world, Satann sre duced all the nations to idoluatry (or adoration of false gods), so, in these latter days, has le with nub tlety changed his mode of seduction, and now per suades men, that every proof of love, respect, and homage, to those whom God has honoured, is idolatry, till, in fear of this very crime, a conscien tious but Ignorant fear, men are brought to Arianism, and often beyond that, to what is termed pure Deism I The Arian, who believes Christ to be only a perfect creature, may well fear to exalt his Virgin Mother; but the Catholic feels that no love or honour, rendered to this pure creature, raised by her God ' above other stars in glory,'-no homage thus felt, and thus rendered, can approach to the eternal radiance of Him, who is co-equal with the Father, and unto whom is said, ' Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever !'" " You have put. my mind into a perfect chaos," said Lord Hervey, as Geraldine took the manuscript from his hands, and closed it. "Surely, if It were necessary to believe all this, our Reformers would not have rejected it." "Which of the Reformers do you mean P" said Geraldine; " for they differed and quarrelled so much, that it is impossible to quote them as a'body on any ine point of Doctrine: for instance, Luther believed in the' Real Presence" and cursed all those who called the Elements mere ' symbols.' Calvin believed in that which Luther anathematized, and, in his turn, cursed Luther's belief as idolatrous. Wick liffe, their precursor, believed in Purgatory, &c.; Now, you, Lord Hervey, and the greater part of the members of the Church of England, do not think with either Luther, Calvin, or Wickliffe, on the above, and many other points, and yet you are con stantly talking with warmth of the glorious Re formers, and of their divine mission, believing most Innocently that these then were agreed in all essen tial points." " Well' then," said Lord Hervey, " we will not dwell on those particular points of difference, but will merely take their authority on the obvious' Siriptural sense, against the corrupt interpretation of Rome !" " Do you mean with reference to the communion of Saints P"' said Geraldine. " I have made extracts. from 'those parts of Luther's writings, which Mr. Everard permitted me to read (the rest he said were. too coarse for a woman's eye), and here is what the Patriarch of the Reformation says on the subject: S'who can deny that God works great miracles at the tombs' of his saints P I, theiefore, with the whole Catholic Church, hold that the saints are to" be ho noured and invocated by us.' And again-;' Let no roan omit to call upon the Blessed Virgin, and the angels, and saints, that they may intercede with God for them at the instant (of death). " " Did Luther really continue to believe in the invocation of the Virgin and saints, even after he had strength, of mind. to give up the rest of the popish faith P" cried Lord Hervey, in great surprise. " Well ! it can onlybe accounted for by thedifl?culty which every one must feel in relinquishing the: errors of youth for the convictions of .riper years." " And if this were the case with Luther's strong mind," said Geraldine, " if he clung to error, merely. because he'was accustomed to it, may not this be the case with yourself P . Is it not very possible that you reject all the Scripture we have just read, the uni versal consent of the Christian world during fifteen centuries, and the testimony of this great reformer, just because you have been taught the reverse, and you are accustomed to it 7" .Lord Hervey was silent for a while; at length he said-" The progress of the reformed principles was necessarily slow. add we owe too much gratitude to Luther to upbraid him for what he left undone. Of course, old prejudices hung, about him, but they hung more loosely on his succesors, and, as Scrip tural truth became more apparent, gradually fell off, to. be trodden under foot, as they deserved." "Now, Lord Hervey, cried Geraldine, "I am going to make what you will think a rash promise, but I will abide by it. It is this: I will remain as 1,am, a nominal Protestant, nay more, I will settle into a genuine and immoveable one, provided you .can find scriptural authority for believing in the divine mission of Luther, and his confederates I" " Not at this very moment," said Lord Hervey; " because though I could engage to prove from Scripture, that he who opposes Antichrist must be for Christ, yet,.in order to collect thie moat weighty texts which bear on this point, I should like some preparation." "I allow all 'due preparation," said Geraldine, " and wish to argue with you simply by the words oTf Scripture; and as you bend to no Church au thority, but confide in your own judgment on Scrip ture, while I have an equal claim to an accurate judgment, we must consent to keep as close as we can to the plain and obvious meaning, or we shall wander away from each other for ever." " Oh, not for ever !" interrupted Lord Hervey. I" trust not," replied Geraldine: " and yet what can be expected, when each is resolved that the other alone shall yield P" " And surely it is woman's graceful part to do this," said he taking her hand, which lay on the book near him. " I will yield," replied Geraldine, withdrawing her hand," on the conditions I mentioned before, of finding from Scripture, that the Protestant Re formers were divinely commissioned to preach against the Church which had nurtured them." " Surely their commission, if not absolute, was implied," said Lord Hervey, " in thIe corruptions of tihe Church against which they preached; that Church which Ihad revolted from God, and which therefore God had cast off'P" ' There is nothing in Scripture to justify thiis assertion, that thie Christian Chlurch could be cast offby God," replied Geraldine. " On the contrary, if we turn to Isaiah, and thie prophecy is applied by St. Paul to thie Gentile Church, we shall find this to be impossible. She then read from the l54th chapter, ninth arnd tenth verses :-"' As I have sworn trhat thIe waters of Noah should no more go ever tile earth, so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with thee nor rebuke thee. For the moun tains shall depart, and thie hills be removed, but my kindness shall not depart from thee, neither shall thie covenant of my peace be removed, saith the Lord that hath mercy on thee!' " " But this promise was to the pure invisible Church," said Lord lervey. " It was made," continued Geraldine, " to that Church, which by tlhe same prophet is compared to a mountain on tile top of mountains (Ieaiah i. ii. 2, arid Alich. iv. 1); by thie prophet Daniel ton ' great mountain filling the whole earth,' (fi. 35), and by St. Matthew, to a 'city set on a hill which cannot be hid.' " Geraldine then employed tie arguments which the Warden had used 'with Miss Graham. to con vince Lord Ilervey that a Church which was to preach, to baptize, and to exercise authority, must be viuible; and brought himr to own tls necessity, while she fully granted thIe invisible nature of tihe Splirit's operartion on thIe hearts of the elect. " Well'," sanid I lord Hervey, " I am glad to find that we are disposed to agree thus far. Indeed, if you would adhere to Scripture alone, I shloull be fuloil of hope; but, unfortunately, you bow to that most unscriptural thing, 'tradition,' and here we must part." " But if I cannot prove a Scriptural warrant for obeying tradition," said Geraldine, " 1 am seady to give it up." " Are you !" cried he; " what a coricession I" Geraldine smiled, and read the following exlhor tation of St. Paul,- "Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the tradition you have been taught, whether by word or our epistle." She then read the 13th and 14th verses- of St. John's Third Epistle,-" I had many things to write, but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee. But I trust I shall shortly see thee, and we shall speak face to face." "I should have no objection," said Lord Hervey, " to obey the unwritten commands of the Inspired Paul or John, but tradition, like a snow-ball, has rolled on, till it has 'bid fair to crush the truth. There is no warrant fortradition, or, in other words, oral instruction on matters of faith, beyond the text which refers exclusively to the apostle." " I promise.to abide by Scripture on this point," replied Geraldine, " and Scripture will tell you that oral instruction in matters of faith, continued,' by the Apostles commands, to be given by their suc cessors for St. Paul says to Timothy, 'The tllings which thou has heard of me among many witn'esses, the same commit th6u to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.' I do not believe," said .Geraldine, " any more than yourself, that Timothy, or his faithful successors in the ministry could, in their instructions, venture to broach anything new. I believe that they merely transmitted the faith once delivered to the saints." " But if these instructions were of any real im port,"-' said Lord Hervey, " ivhy were they not in the Bible P" .' How can I ' dive into the secrets of the Most High P'" replied Geraldine. "It isi sufficient for me to know that Scripture itself tells me that it is not the sole rule of faith, and commands me to obey likewise those oral instructions, which, by the un deviating testimony of Catholic .divines, have come down to us from the times of the apostles. I cannot disobey them without disobeying the Bible; for the command to "hold fast' the unwritten word is just as explicit as the command to hold fast the Epistle." " But if these traditions contradict Scripture, we must be sure that they are spurious, and unworthy of any trust," said 'Lord Hervey; " and that is exactly what these Romish traditions do most pal pably." ." Indeed, I cannot agree with you,'! returned Geraldine; " and I do dot believe that the Holy Ghost, speaking by the mouth of St. Paul, would direct us to anything spurious, when it is promised that he would' guide us'into all truth.' You may think that the Catholic traditions contradict Scrip. ture, because -you have a very false idea of what those traditions are,-trusting, in fact, to nursery tales, and Protestant tradition, for an account of them,-and yet, in common with all the Protestants around you, following them most strictly in several articles of faith I" " Impossible !" cried Lord Hervey. "My faith is grounded on the plain declarations of Scripture. I endeavour to obey everything laid down for me in the New Testament, and nothing beyond." " Indeed !" said' Geraldine, smiling. " Then while you prepare for me Luther and Calvin's cre dentials, I will give you some proofs of your un conscious obedience to traditions. But all this mast be for some other time. The bell has already rung for the servants' dinner, and poor Kelsoe is waiting in my room to put on my habit; I must go." " Come back to me, my love,' said Lady Hunger ford, before you mount. your horse. I must just say one word quite alone with you-not even for Hervey to bear." " In which case," said Lord Hervey, laughing, "I must be off with the best grace I can." (Tob be continued.) 