THE GREAT APOSTACY j OR THE CHURCH OF ROME PROVED THE CHURCH OF OHRIST,' But the Greatest Enemy to Christ, to His Dociiine, and. to His Religion. an answer to cobbett's history of the reokma- tion. '..i' The Masses for - the Dead in - Purgatory and ' for .Beasts. These absurdiiie9 naturally enough flow from so nuny others. The Apostate Church teaches her de- hirled victims to believe that tlie infinite merit of the Mass fills every part of the Church with its influ ence, heaven. Wiih glory, the earth wi;h virtue, and. even this part (purgatory) of hell with comfort and refreshment. 44 Oh what a pleasing ilw-ught," savs one. of-. the Popish wrivers,"and how full oficonso- lation, to think sve can carry pace to the afflicted- souJs of our departed friends, administer the drop <>f "water to quench their parching thirst, and shorten the time of their confinement to those excruciating; flames I" That this is not the opinion Of some private indi viduals only, but also of the Apostate Church, see the following _" The Mass serves to appease God's wrath, to ob tain remission of sins, redemption .of souls, and all spiriiuM grace and salvation. It serves for all other necessities, as well of man as of ...beast, as well for the dead as for the living, as well for the absent a s: the present. These follies need no refutation-;, it is enough for every Protestant, who knows his Bible, at once to reject them, and lo pity those of his fellow Christians, and countrymen whose understandings have been abused to believe such old wives' fables. As there is no pnrgatoryHn the Scriptures, and as it exists only in the imagination of the priests of the Apostacy; vve may now lake pur leave of the subject, in the certaio knowledge that' the light of Scripture truth will chase away that absurdity, with all others of the same kind, which have :so long been the dis grace of theChristian world. . " I will now mention some of the many rare and curious things which are connected with the Popish M<»ss, which are not to be found, by any plain rea—' der, in the sacred Scripturps. It was superstition which gave rise, to making plaisters of the sacrament ; toannoint the eyes of the blind with i1-; to bury it with the dead ; to "carry it on journeys and voyages.; to burn all that remained of it after consecration ; to give it to children with spoons ; to mingle the wine with ink"; to ring the little bell ; to use-salt and water, oil and chrfsm, to chase away the devil and every disease ; to light long and short candles ; to have crosses and images cf- Jesus.on the altar ; to have pictures of saints, and their bones, present at the time of the ceremony ; to present prayers to the -Virgin and numerous saints ; to put the body of Christ into li.tle boxes, cajled pixes ; to dip the bread in the cup.; to sign the cross; to carry the Host to the sick ; to bear it jit splendid processions; to have private masses, and masses for the dead ; to have, separate "masses for, the Trinity (Father, Son, and Holy Ghost), for the Virgin, the Pope ; to Have masses for the patron saints of pesti- 1 fcqce, tempests, -files, and' for the maladies' of man and beast — as, for a horse, the mass of Saint E'dy ; for a hen that is sick or lost, and for pis, the mass: Of S-iint Antony, must be said i ' Having thus, taken the Mass to pieces, and ex amined each separate part, comparing jt with tin Wo-d of God, — h ul having proved that it is not the institution of "Chris',- but the invention of man,— 1 shall show that The Popish Mass is not the Lord's S upper ; but that the Mass has utterly destroyed this sacred cerempny.; and that, therefore, the true Supppr of the Lord has not been, administered in the Apostate Church of Rome for many centuries past. The na'ture and design -<of ihe -institution of the Lord's Supper, as well as the primitive manner in which it was received, are ail entirely lost sight of in ihe Mass. No impartial person, comparing them to- ge-her, could suppose them to "be one aud the some institution. If the Apos le Paul, rebuking the Cor inthians for corrupting the sacred Supper, by making it a common meal, said, " This is not to eat the Lord's Supper"-(1 Cor. xi. 20 ), what would he say, could his bodily, eyes behold the fooleries of the Mass exhibited by a Popish priest? There are many parts of the Mas9. any one of which destroys the possibility, of is being the Lord's dapper; I will mention only two First, the bodily presence . of Christ offered in the Mass, as a true and real sacrifice for sin ; and Secondly, the denial of the cup to the people. First, The-ground and reason of the institution— namely, the bodily absence of Him whose fove and death is in the Supper remembered, prevents the Popish Mass from having any just claim to be con sidered the Supper of the Lord. If Christ's bodily presence were with us, we shou'd have no need to remember him in this rite, by breaking -bread and drinking wine. Whatever the Mass . is, or whatever purpose it is intended to answer by the priests of the Apostacy, i; is not the Supper that Christ instituted, nor can i ever answer the intention of the Great Founder, if it were true that the natural body and blood of Christ were piesent in -this rite. Secondly, The refusal of the cup to the laity. I' has been already showed that our Lord gave both bread and wine, in the primitive institution of the Supper; they, therefore, who change any part of it, destroy its nature; it is no longer the same thing: mutilation here is destruction. Therefore, the Apos tate Church of Rome which hss presumed to alter this divine institution, does not possess the sacrament of trie Supper, and cannot offer it to her followers I conclude wiih the following observations, which embody the principles upon which the foregoing ex amination of the Mass has proceeded : — I. The p, making of ihe Lord's Sapper is not a duiy of itself, or a duty apparent to us from the na ture of things; but a duty made such to Christians by the pesi ie institution of Jesus Christ. II. Ail positive duties, or duties made sweh by insi innion alone, depend entirely upon the will and declaration of the person who (institutes or ordains tliein, with respect ; to the real design and end of them, and, consequently, to the due manner o,f per forming them v; ill. It is plaiuvtherefoic, that the nature, the de sign, arid the due manner of partaking of the Lord's So pper. must of necessity depend upon what Jesus Christ, who instituted it, hath dejJarod about it. IV. It- cannot be doubted that He himself suffi ciently declared to his first followers the whole of what lie designed should be understood by it, 'or im plied in it. .... V. It is of small importance, therefore, to Chris tians to know what the many writers upon this sub ject, since the time of the. evangelists and apostles, have affirmed ; much less, can it be the duty ol Chris tians to be guided by what any persons, by their own authority, or from their own imaginations, may teach concerning this duty. VI. The passages in the New Testament which re late to. this duty, and they alone, are the original accounts of the nature and end of this institution, and the only authentic declarations upon which we ol later ages can safely dTepd : being written by the immediate followers 6'f our Lord,- thoe who were themselves witnesses to the institution, or were iostrqeted in it, either by those who were so, or by Christ himself, and who all consent . in delivering doiwn to us one and the same account; of litis feli: giousduty. .. , VII. These writers give an account of the institu tion of the Lord's Supper in the following passages —viz.. Matthew xxvi. 26., Mark, xiv. 22., Luke xxii. 19., 1 Cor. xi 23. 1 now return, after this long digression, to the ex amination of the remainder of Mr. Cobbell's History. 208\. Tbere are two things to be noticed in this paragraph,— what is said of the Bible, and what is said about the" pluader of churches." Mr. Cobbett has the assurance to say, but not the candour to prove, that" to reconcile the people to these innova tions, tbe plunderers had a Bible contrived for the purpose, which Bible was a perversion of the original text wherever it was found to be necessary. Of all- the acts of the hypocritical and plundering reign,, this was, perbapsj the basest. Mr. C has learned this old calumny from some of his new Popish friends, or borrowed it ftom some Popish author : certainly he is not speaking on his own knowledge of the original tongues, having never learned them. But the truth is, that the Apostiie Church of Rome hates, and alwrs - will hate, the Bible, because it exposes its deeds and principles ; and i' is a mere pretence, to cover this hatred, which he Papists have put into Cobbett's mouth, that the Protestant translation is a perversion of the ori ginal text. 209 Here we have an account of Protector Somerset building himself a palace in the Strand, iu London, and calling it Somerset House, and of the means by which he bui't it T sbali not slop to en- quire :whet her Mr. Cobbett's account be true or false, for ihp Reformation has less to do with it than with thebuilding of St4 Peter's, at Rome, by the head of the Apostacy, standing, as it does, not on ihe deeds, whether good or bad; of fallible men, but on the word oL God. 2 10. Cobbett has made very little of this .para graph. Lt it suffice here to obst-rve, tliat neither the h.story of the world -nor of the Church; fornisbts an instance of so great and beneficial a change, in afiy country, with so little bloodshed and contusion, as was produced by the Reformation in England, es pecially when we consider the great irtflueiice of supersiittpn on the minds of the people, the power of the Pope, aud the great revenues of the Popish clergy. . , 211\. That the change which took place at this period was a real reformation, T have proved from facts and history,.; and I have lived long enough to dfifi It ouith nr> «r ri <irn nunc Cobbett has here quoted Hume, but has refuted himself by the very quotation. -He has also attacked Adam Smith. -I shall leave him between these two adversaries. 212\. That a few of the people, at the instigation of the priests, should express a lemporary discontent at these saluisry changes, need not excite surprise ; that ihey should soon be reduced to obedience, still less ; but that only one-priest should have been executed,- shows ihe mild and merciful spirit of Protestantism in a striking light, .especially when coatrasied with the barbarous, raerci.ess spirit of "Popery, in the follow ing reign. If spared, I shall exhibit some moving instances of the dealings of the Apostate Church ol Rome to re ird those she calls imetics. Of the Book of Common Prayer I have spoken at large in paragraph 198, to which I refer the reader. 213\. Thus commenced that new state of religious: liberty, light, and feeling, in England, after so many cenmrtes of Popish -darkness, bondage, and error. How different from, how incomparably niore glorious thanglhe commencement o! Popery in England, which arose under Augustiu, the monk, and was sent hither, not "from heaven, but from Rome, by Pope Gregory, in 596 ! The former had is origin and foundation- i» God's own wo;d-; the latter followed the directions of a mere man, like himself, and imported the dis cipline and ceremonies of a half-heathenized system of religion Under this system the people of England: had been degraded for nine hundred years ; and even some of its greatest kings and legislators, such as Al fred the -Great, had felt the chilling and withering influence o' its superstition in their characters. -214. The subject of this paragraph might be par sed over" in silence, the defence of the Reformation requiring no answer "to it ; but-1 vvill let down me triumph of "Cob'-eil a little, by piesenting to the reader a brief £tnd true portrait of Somerset, together' wj.h o ahon aoennnt of the raalice ol his enemies. B shop Barnel sys of him. , "Thus fell the Duke of Somerset, a person ofj great virtues, eminent fir piety, hu'r.ble and affible in his greatnes?; sincere and. candid in all /"his 'trail sactions. He was a bet'er captain than a councillor ; had : been oil successful m his undertakings ;" was always care: ul of the Door rni the onoressed : and in a. word, had as many virtues, and as .lew fauitk, as most great men, especially when they vv ere so unex pectedly advanced, have ever had. It was generally believed that all this -pretended conspiracy, upon which he was condemned, wa only a forgery ; for both Palmer and Crane, "the chiet witnesses,, were soon after discharged, as were also Bartoiie and lla- mond, with all ihe rest that had been made tirisoners on 'the pretence of this plot. And the Duke o' Northumberland continued after ihat in so close a friendship with Palmer, that it was generally bplieved he had been c rrupted to betray him. And, indeed, the not bringing the wi'neises into the court, but onlv the depositions, and the parties sitting judges, gave great occasion to condethnn the proceedings against him For it was generally thought that all was an artifice of Painter's, who had put the Duke of Somerset in fears of his life, and so gat bim to gather men about lrim for his own preservation ; and th®t lie afterwards being taken with him, seemed, through fear to acknowledge all that which he had before contrived. This was more confirmed by the death of the other four formerly mentioned, who were executed on the 26th Feb., and did all protest they hap never been guilty of any design, either against the King, or to kill the lords. Vand added, that liis blood would make Northumberland's pillow easy to him. The people were generally much affected with this execution ; and many threw handkerchiefs into the Duke of Somerset's blood, to preserve it in re membrance of him. One lady, that met the Dube ol Northumberland, when he was led through the city in Queen Mary's reign, shaking one of these bloody handkerchiefs, said, ' Behold the blood of that worthy man, that good uncle of that excellen t king, which was shed by thy malicious practice, doth now begin apparently to revenge itseli on thee.' Sure it is, that Northumberland, as having maliciously contrived this, was ever after hated by the people." — Burnet's History o! the Reformation. \- I am dad to have an opportunity to vindioate the Duke's character from the wicked calumny of Cobbett and the Papists 215\. It would be easier forme to write a connected history of transactions to the end of King Edward's reign, than to follow Cobbett, paragraph aftor para- araph, de'ecling errors, exposing lallacies, separating truth from falsehood, and causing the light of history to arise from the darkness and chaos which he has created. But I have promised to perform this task, and I must perform it. It is true, Warwick, who was (now that he had caused the Duke of Somerset to be sacrificed to his wicked a-i.bition) become Protector, was made Duke ot Northumberland, and had got granted to him the ihonreuse estates of that ancieot house, which bad tdlfeu into the hands of the possessor of the crown. It is not true that he was a more zealous Protestant 'han the last Protector, lor. he was uot a Protes'ant at alt, bui an atiociously w.-cked Papist, whose in- uiiues and treasons biought not only himself to the scaffold, but also sever-d other persons, amongst whom were L dy Jane Grey and his own son, Lord Dudley. I shall pioye these tinnks as we proceed. Tie cry of pluutier has becoirie so stale, flat, and unprofitable, nesides having been auswered before, tlutt I shall leave i. 2161 I will teply to Cobbett's calumny on King Edward in the 218ih paragraph. - Before I narrate the deeds of that wickediyPapht, th? Duke of Northumberland, the reader will, I hope, excuse my indulging in a few reflections. As the Governor of the world, God suffers one event, in general, to befai the righteous and the wicked in this life. He does not seem however, so to confine himself to this general law as not to depart from it in particular cases ; otherwise, uuthinking men would be apt to deny the particular providence of God al together, and banish him, in their esteem, from his own world. Or, as Augutin says, if ever sin should now be-punished with open and immediate pain, it would bethought that .nothing were reserved to the last, judgement ; and if God should now openly pun ish no sin, it would be believed that there was no i rovidence of God. . _ ... v y-; -;-v . CTo be concluded ii our next.) 