? ENGLISH liXiiR^CTS. City of, Limeuick.-t^ISxtraordinary Scene.- At. eleven o'clock, /on Tuesday, a Court was. held iri the.City'Couit house to nominate the candidates for the represen :ation ot this city.1 Martin ttonau, iv*q., r.C, then came forward^ to propose Mr. John O'Brien.: Itev. MrlvBrahan, P.P., jecondedthe nomination. Mr. Walnutt, the mayor, then came forward to propose Mri; John O'Connell amidst loud cheer's^ BL'ey. : -Ir. Q'Coriiior, P.P., 'second' the nomination, and called on the people to be -peaceful and orderly, and to hear any gentleman who had1 any other candidate to propose. Thei; High Sheriff' then', askeil if there i /was any gentleman who' wished to propose any other' candidate. ' ReV. ' Mr. Kenyon. then! rose1 amidst terrific storm's of j groans and yells'.' A .'.voice '—. He1 is no elector ; he has no right tb speak (great uproar). He has only; registered last sessions. 'There was then a legal consul tation' among the lawyers on the bench', after' which the Sheriff dnnpunced that Mr? Kenyon had a right to speak.' The reverend gentleman - then': proceeded ? to address the electors,1 bui'Vas'/ met ; by a sto'rm of 'groans' arid 'terrible'.iiproar.'; ..At. length — after the reverend gentlemen who proposed and seconded the 'other candi dates interfered, and claimed fair play for .'liim— he was allowed 'to proceed, though interrupted with shouts at every sentence. lie said he would vote for Mr. John O'Brien if he took the pledge against place-hunting (tremendous uproar). , ..'He would never: vote for John O.'Corineir, and- for this determination' he had two reasons-— one, was,1 that he was a tyrant — the other was, that he was'a slave (tremen dona TyeUs).' He concluded by proposing »'r. Richard O'Gorman, jun., of Dublin. A- show of -hands was then asked for, and the Sheriff declaring they' were in favour of/Mr. O'Brieu.and Mr. QlConriell, the Rev. Mr. Kenyon demanded a poll. The Assessor of the Sheriff then informed Mr. Kenyon that he/ 'was responsible. fpr_ a third portion of * the expenses, .of the election. There was then a legal discus sion as to whether he was bound to pay down then or give security, or whether it would do before going to the poll. The latter was finally decided^nd Mr. Kenyon sard^he^ouldTrfresist';; in* , demanding . a pbl'U' knowing- .that the friends bf-freedom would . isee him harmless. He : would subscribe ten guineas, himself. Mr. John O Brien then addressed the meeting and refused to take the pledge against place hunting. The Court; was then adjourned till next, day, to.make arrangements. for the appointing of assessors and the erection of polling-booths.: After 'the Rev. Mr' Kenyon had left the Court, the crowd rushed forward and laid hold of him, but he' was immediately rescued from; their hands by the -police. ^Several of' 'his reverend brethren immediately ; came to his 'assistance, in 'whose company,, and escorted by, .the police, he, retired, to the residence of the Rev. Mr. Casey, the crowd following,' yelling and groaning withthe utniost yehemence.'i~ C? /o'&tf;, '/ivguat 7. ! vWunTEMBERO.— /Moral ToaTunE.--An extraordinary .circumstance occurredvat a recent sitting of one of : the '/courts of justice at Ulrni A.peasent named touis itadsUcheri of/ the village of/,, Ruhethal, was/abblititb be tried for having killed inother p'easent of the same village. In answer, to the questions of 'the presiding jutlgeV he/energetically denied .his guilt. The judge'told him that he had; confessed it before the, examining magistrate, when he said that he had done so on account of the moral torture to which the examining magistrate /hadij subjected .him;'/ 'This magistrate,' he went on to^soy,,.' threw; in my face the hands i of 'the./ihin'dereduman, whichjhad^been.cutvoff his';cbrpse. 'He also, showed nie, two , ribs ;; of. « the corpse, andsaid thatif-I did not avow the- crime of which' I was accused1, 'the rdeod 'triah would appear at night be(qre,!my bed, and would 'say to m-,; ' Lquis',' Lbuis I; restore me the life j'b'u have taken!' The ma gistrate then asked me if I .believed in ghosts, and on my answering ''in the affirmative, told me that a/great number of them5 would cbm'e, and drag the 'to hell if I ^ did not confess !? Terrified at these threats, I confessed all that he wanted, and afterwards1 signed my' 'confession I' The examining jniaglslrate was inimer diately summoned before, the Court, and as he admitted that he had employed the means 'of.; intimidation stated by the prisoner, the Court declared the examina tion nulrWd void'/ and postponed the case for three months. ' l\\. then (addressed to Ihe Minister of Justice a report of 'th« conduct of, the examining' 'magistrate.1— 'Glbbo,'Aiigti8t7. ?''' ','!;,.'?; '.-, = '?;' ,J ' Modkrn , Atubns.!'— Why,(is .Edin burgh now s indisputably entitled to the epithet of 'Modern, Athens V- Because herinhnbitttnts have ostracised their great est1 chizcn.—Glub'vfAuiivst 0; '''/// ', aioticEsrERstiiRB (WratJ.—Thq contest forUhls division has terminated in the return of. Mr. Hale, Conservative,' and Mr. 'Qrantley:; Berkeley, Liberal ; the beaten-, candidate -being Mr. Granville Berkeleylvwho was put /forward by Earl Fjlzh'ardinge! . The p/qll- at / the close' Was, as follows: — i-.'-^c^'J^- r---. ???' *-:-??'?-??'??! ??''?- ?-??'Hale'^-'i. .'.'??; ?;.Oi-.;i';.v;;'.'.-4,252 -'-? Qrantley Berkeley... .....2,755 ;'. ' -rrGreriyillcf:Berjc^ey^y-.-.V. 2,130' v -. This, has been a*, most: extraordinary election.' On the side of Mr.- Grenville Berkeley have been ranged Earl Fitz hardinge^Earl/Ducieiiandall the Whig gentlemen.r.4''lflr'.\\.^rahiiey-;: Berkeley had neither money, organisation/ nor agents ; but the public1 feeling ran strong against the Castle ; and /the independent Whigs, aided by many of the Conservatives, have enabled Mr. Grantley -Berkeley to triumph over the odds against him'. .'Some serious disturbances have; taken place during the contest, and in the sForest of Dean, some houses ! have, been, wrecked. , .On .Friday evening Mr.' G rantley Berkeley was at tacked by a collier at Calcfords; but for tunately escaped /injury. boon alter, while looking' from'1 the window of the Roebuck jinn, hej'perceived ^ his assailant in the cro\vd,'an'd \yent out to 'secure him ; when he \yas set upon, and severely kicked. Some friends came to his rescue,, or he might have been ki'l led.~ tpidi AuyustQ. '-' Tni3 ? Victories' on the' 'Sutlej.'.t^-A large'' 'miir'WV'Vrioiiuihent* was placed last week in the vestibule of St. Chad's Church, Shrewsbury, in commemoration of the brave men belonsinc- to 'the 53rd or Shropshire Hegunent, who leu during me, late war in India. The cost of this hand some memorial, which amounted to £200 was defrayed by the surviving officers of the' corps, ' who/, li beral ly / forwarded ' the money tb complete the monument to Colonel Frederick, Hill, with a wish-that it might be placed in any situation that he might co'ns}der most appropriate. The monument stands about eight feet high, and is of white marble set on a black ground; and- decorated with military ac coutrements, correctly sculptured in alto relievo. It bears an appropriate inscrip tion, which includes the names of all the members of Uhe ',regimentp:privates as well as qfficersr-who fell 'at Aliwal, at Spbraqn, and at the relief of Loodiana on. the Sutlej.— Globe. . .:.?-.. r/ ,. O'Connell's Kducation — O ConneU's education at St. Oiner was narrow and sectarian. In no seminary yVereV heiro'ri cratic doctrines more rigidly inculcated ; and the duties and labours of liis arduous profession prevented .him from haying these .notions .corrected by general read ing and literary acquirements. O'Connell was neither a '.sound nor 'an elegant scholar ; his classical /attainments were below the average' of a schoolboy j in history be had read, little, beyond' the compilations wnn wnicn men ot large business are too generally contented ; and though he had some taste .for. mental and moral philosophy, it was never cultivated, tie. relied entirely for his success on his own mental resources, and they iyere \\\n-' questionably vast. /Never' did any. man' make so great a show with so limited a stock of information. It was not until he turned author, and gave the world his puerile History of Ireland, that men' dis- covered how scanty was the stock on which , he traded. The theology of St. Omer, which attributed a sanctity, and almost an impeccability, to the1 sacerdotal character, wa* the predbni i nan t feel i ng . of O'Connell's life: he honestly believed that the best' service he could render Ireland was to increase and strengthen the power of the Catholic1 priesthood ; and it is ./ilierefore. 'no wonder that 'He. received, through life, the zealous support of that body, which is indebted almost entirely ib'him;for its present existence as appwer ih,the .state.— Reminiscences of. Daniel iO\G'6n»elL- ./a,/; :? ! Mr; Justice. Pattison, oh Tuesday, con lemned a man \ to six/ months' imprison-1, ncnt for refusing to obey an order, of two uslices, issued to enforce the obligation -f the payment of a Church rate which iiad been legally levied.— Chur'cli of England- Journal, August .4. ., Roy alI' Compliment to. the Poet Iennyson.— It was but the other, day that Her; Majesty and1 Prince . Albert iviriced theii contempt for the fashionable irid dissipated 'fools of Esher in a very marked: manner, for. their dead ness to the iraliie of the soceiety of a man of high in iellect and accomplished mind. Tennyson, ihe; poet, '-'had been sbjoiirriihg at Esher in bad health! No one thought it worth .his while to call on him or 'to solicit his icquaihtitnee. . : The /Queen '; and Prince, hearing of it, paid their respects to, him without delay. No sooner was this known, Lhan Tennyson was inundated with cards ind invitations. ,The cards he returned, the /invitations he'j declined.— -Cor A/ 'Con- ititutioh. .-.- .('. ..-:.. I Death of Dr. Anorew Combe. ^-We announce with great' regret the death of Dr. Andrew, ?Combed, which occurred at Gcbrgie-'m'ill', near. 'Edinburgh, ,on the night of (Monday last. -- Dr. Combe was only 49' years of .age; and,- although. he Had long- been afflicted by diseaseof the lungs, no expectations /were .entertained of his dissolution until within a week of thateveuti : His immediate' illness 'was a sudden attack of boweVcdmplaint, under the %yeakening;influence, of which he .sank without p'ain'.i Dr. Combe was one of the physicians in ordinary to the Queen, and corresponding member of the Imperial arid 'Rqyal\ Society ,:of, Physicians , of Vienna, and his .works the chief of which were— The Principles ' or Physiolooy APPLiun to tub Preservation of Health j A Treatise on tub Puysioloqical and moral Management of Infancy j and The Phibiolooy of' ,' DioESTioN, had passed through a number of editions, and at tained a celebrity rarely equalled both iri Europe and A hiejrica. / J ust ' before his last attack of illness he was actively, en a'aaed in tho preparation of a communica tion intended for instertion in The Times bri' a subject of tlie greatest moment Within' his peculiar branches of philan thrbpio'iriquiry^-natnely,'' the nature and causes of. the, ship.fever which has swept off within the last few months so many hundreds of the unfortunate Irish in their emigration ' to-' the Uiitted States.-— The Times, August, 14«- .-...-; ? '' ! On' and after 'the j 1st cf . Arigust next, ail paragraphs In 'ricwspdperBlr'eferrlng.to advertisements', are to be subject to usual aUvertlbing duty. -Jbitl. ...Dean and Canons of.the'Manciikstkr ( Collegiate Chuucii.- — At present ? no one; knows the value of the coUegiativ elates \/| some value them ::.at : £30,000j qtiiers'al £50,000, annual re.jfial '', if properly ,fna'-' naged. ' ' Ho^'ev er,' ^one 'thing //we '.know, arid that is /that' the 'Dean says' he,,'get.s. £2,000 a y ear, ' and the Caiions - say ; they get £1,000 a year, and: in the absence of any evidence to the'eoutrary, we must receive their saying as the truth. ? Now, suppose these incomes to be as acknowT ledged, are they not by far too great' to be given to men who, declare! . it /as! /their privilege to do nothing ;?,' They tell us that Canons were never made for work, that it requires a; thousand a year to do nothing, and if' the people are determined that they should do something, they' must have another, hying,, and an:,additional salary! They/cannot possibly /work .on a thousand a year ?? it,,is only ... sufficient to keep them in idleness ; work they cannot rrwork they will not '.- for any such pal try sum; — JScclesiasticat Timns; ' ' ? An Abandoned ' CouNTRY.^Never \yas there a Kingdom soabaridonedas Belgium. It is without a Monarch one half the year, arid without; a Ministry the other' half. W'hen the'life of Leopold is , written,'.the historian will have to search for infprma*. tibn on the Railway from Brussels to' Paris, or on board the steamers from Ostend to' London. The most important documents of his reign will be railway checks and Steam* Navigation Company tickets;. Who knows, his 'Hume arid Smollett may be a /'stoker arid a steward 1 The former: will be, able to. give an /exact memoir of the different things that were carried by Leopold during his rapid life, and to inform the world how, on many an occasion, when the bell has been ringing for the train. His Majesty .hds nearly dropped under the weight of his carpet bag, ., which contained his crown. The lattei/will probably, inform us.how Leo pold stood his ground during the different storms which have made is career rougher than that of any other monarch ; and we have no^doubt' that many an affecting passage will be introduced into this por tion of the work,1' which; will shoiy; how, deeply /'moved His Belgian Majesty, always was on those. trying /occasions. Belgium never seems to fret much. for the absence of its sovereign : and it is lucky it is not very susceptible on this point, for other wise it would 'soon be flooded with its own tears, .which woiild reduce it to its .former level with Holland.. , We begiii tqiinagine that 'directly, a' Minister .resigns, Leopold rushes out of the .kingdom, and does; not return till the Ministry has accepted: office again, and , as there is a .resignation of Ministers published generally with the magazines iirice a : month, it stands to reason he cannot be very much at home. His epitaph will, be'/' He came and he went,' for his Government really consists of very little more than arrivals and departures. The Belgians, however, take as little notice of ? the absence of their Ministers as that of their Monarch, and we really believe that if it were not for the foreign papers they would not know when: either ; of them^ had. returned... .But we advise Leopold not to repeat the trick too often, for if he is always stopping, away his subjects may not know hiVri when he goes back, and we should- be very sorry to hear that he had been ' taken up as 'an impostor, for' daring to sit upon the throne/ at L'achen as the King 'of Belgium.^—, jf^HcA.-' *?;''?//.,;:,?';, .:;..;..'?'? ,:' .... - 