ENGLISH EXTRACTS. At the new race course, Manches ter, thi Hands will accommodate nine thousand people. The Gardeners' Chronicle recom mends (hat no part of the rhubarb plant should be eaten, save the stalk, aa the buds and green leaves are in jurious. A uso is more reserved and secret in his friend's concerns than in his own ; a woman, on the contrary, keeps her Own secrets belter than another's. From the fat to the 23rd, of Aptil, 16,469 paiaengers arrived at New York, and cf that number, 310 were admitted lo the Murine Hospital, sick of all diseases. According to letters from Ruisia, two central nfTiceis and twelva rain. nels have been committed for.uhl'cn the charge ofharing embezzled moneys destined for theaexair. tttxh. oriiilaiy hbrpitals. i"' It is said that in Normmdy and other parts of France speculators are buying the growing crops of wheat, though scarcely Shove (lie ground, — a mode of forestalling expressly fore bidden by the law. In the year ending 9th January last, he following quantity uT proof spirits were manulactured : — In Euglsnd, 5 624,868 gallons ; Scotland 9 735,31)3 and in Ireland, 8,658.879. Total, 24.019 050 gallons. Tite New )'ork Herald contains an advertisement trora 'a respecitble young woman who wishes' to act as wet-nurse lo a Frotestaul baby.' A ghost, clad in an ample suit of black velvet,. and a triangular cocked hat, has made its appearance in VVea- ver-slree', Glasgow. The spit it paced solemnly to end fro, but vanished ai crowing cf the cot k. The passage of troops sent out lo India U 1846, cost the' public £115,194 and cf troops returning home form India £81,391. We lesru from the Gateshead Ob server that at a village near Harm gate tbe select veitry appointed aoou- table who could neither read nor write, and that the same village boasts a letter-carrier who does nol kuuw a letter in the alphabet. Among the recent arrivals at New York from Europe are 600 carpenters. Within the last year over 1200 (silots are knova to hive landed frjrn Eng land alone. , It Las been suggested that ilia use of dour, &c;„ for stiffening calicoes and cotton, « process of oo advantage to tbe consumer, may at the preaent period very properly be -discontinued. Mr Wordsworth, (lie poet .Laureate, it ii slated, is composing an ode foi the installation of Frlnea Albeit as Chsncellor of Cambridge, which is to be set to music by Ptofesior Walms- ley. It aval staled at a late meeting of lite Oxford Town Cuuucil, (hat up wards of SOO'tiouies are to let in ihqt city ; and a .most deplorable picture was given of (he general stale of trade in the place. The new planet is 'distant 3,2oO,OGO miles from the sun ; fcnd from Uranoa — the motion of which it disturbs — 14OO0O.C00. Its diameter i' esti> aisled at 30.000 miles — :ihe earth bea ing 800 miles. The ViephoUe children, who were amongst the psaiengers In thf ) Great Britain when she went a.hora In DpndrumBsy, were lately aelaed I in a body on their way to Baltimore, at the suit of tome relentless creditor. ( We learn from Stockholm, that the King of Sweeden has just appointed a; commission charged to draw up a new: tariff of cuttoms, 'in which comiderable ' reduction wil be made and many. pro-. ' hibitionis be removed. ' Widow among the oithodox Hin j doos are now alldwwd 'o re-marry, an Itv'e ,\i degraded Mil dlfi au... Son). tKA gft ttia Mattae I_aQ offskvd vjp A premium of (en tboosstid , i rupeKv-fo any Hindoo . who Mptild rrwrfy a widow. 1'ha prize htrivevei' has oyver been claimed. A list in the Edinburgh Witness hows that in that city are 09 print ing .offices employing 543 journey, men iind 379 apprentices. Have your portrait painted for the Academy, and for four months yo'u Wjli .ba universally' looked upon (In the Catalogue) as the pictui of A' Gen tleman." A Itfew Zealand paper lately received from Wellington, is printed oo blotting paper, -as oo printing paper coifld be found in the colony. " The Church of England Journal ays. that alehouse keepers ia lha Wist Riding of Yurkahire were, prior to 'the'year 1G83, re quired to take ihe Sscramcnt, as a qualification to obtaio a licenic. T.he Uirfclors of (he Bank may be called phillsnlbroplsts to a fault —far no men ever had so much at heart the 'lovo of their spe cies.' A child was born in Denholme on the llih of April last- having1 a father and mother, grandfather and grand mother, brother and sister, uncle aDd aunt, all residing under thesHme roof ; they call it bro;her, sou, nephew or grand-on, and yet there ere la all hut three persons. Eaton, an Englishman, and a great nArlnfifri.in ultlxntitvVv 77 waova nf is in Bctlve training at New York, ftreparsto-y to :he t-xtraord'nary leal -nTwalkine jrofc llioqgyml on.ri«. j,r miles lb' one '.tfiouixqn qusrrtrs of hours iu succession. In a late Gazette a dividend of no lets a turn than three thirty-seconds of a penny iu the pound wis announced on the e.tate vf a Birmingham glass manufacturer. A creditor to tho ex. tent of £10 wouli thus be entititled to one peoayt, 1, si thirty two seconds. A Wealthy | lanter in Lo.indcs county, Alabama, Mr Mo-gan Smith, Called his negroes bout 1|)0 in nunii ber) together, short lime since, and told thein of the distressed -coniiiliuo of the Irish puor, when (he slaves inn mediately raised a subscription among themselves, amounting to 50 dollars, which was duly applied. 