LOCAL NEWS OF THE WEEK. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.—In consequence of the absence of John Morphett Esq., one of Her Majesty's Legislative Councillors for this pro- vince, the Lieutenant- Governor has been pleased to confer upon R. F. Newland, Esq., J.P., the provisional appointment to a seat at the Council Board. PRICE OF BREAD.—We have received the following letter, and we publish it, because the matter is one of much public concernment, and be- cause we hope some of our numerous respectable bakers will enable us next week to give a satis- factory explanation TO THE EDITOR OF THE "SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GAZETTE." Sir—In the Hobart Town Courier of the 25th De- cember last, the price of best flour is quoted at £11 per ton, and the 4lb. wheaten loaf is quoted at 6d. On referring to the Adelaide journals for the same week. I find tbat the price of flour here was £11 per ton, and the price of tbe 41b. wheaten loaf 8d. Here is a discrepancy which I cannot reconcile, and which I and all those with large families like myself will be obliged by your bringing before tbe public. I am, Sir, yours, &c.; PATER FAMILIAS. Adelaide, 21st January, 1846. AGRICULTURAL AND HORTICULTURAL EXHIBI- TION.—We are requested to call attention to the fact that prizes of £2 2s each are offered for the second best table and wine grapes, and best collection of fruits. THE FINE ARTS IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA.— An exhibition is to be opened during the week of the Agricultural and Horticultural Show for the exhibition of paintings and drawings by our South Australian artists—professional and amateur. His Excellency the Governor has kindly granted the use of the Council Room, and a Committee has been formed to make the preliminary arrangements—of which official notice will be given in our next. In the meantime, Mr Gill, the artist, will receive at his rooms in Leigh street, such paintings as are desired to be exhi- bited; and we mention this circumstance at once, under the impression that an early transmission of finished paintings will greatly facilitate the labors of the Committee. NEW COURT-HOUSES.-—The plans of the new Court-houses in Victoria-spuare, by Mr Lambeth, have been definitely agreed to by the Govern- ment. We hear that ample accommodation for the Press has been made. SUBSCRIPTION LIBRARY.—We understand that the prospects of this institution are now very encouraging. The wisdom of the late reduction of the annual subscription to one guinea has already began to manifest itself—upwards of twenty-five new members were admitted on Thursday evening. We cannot too strongly recommend to the notice of the colonists this admirable institution. It is well known tbat the main object of the society is the establishment of a permanent public library, which in time may become worthy of the colony. Already the library contains upwards of 800 volumes ; one hundred pounds worth of well selected books were written for to London some time ago, and are daily expected; and seventy pounds' worth more are now being ordered. The following is the amount of sales effected by the undermentioned Auctioneers during the month of December, 1846:— J. BNeales £9595 15 7 Emanuel Solomon 248 15 11 ; Michael Joshua 158 5 5 Arthur Fox \60 I 2 0,162 18 1 We learn tbat Mr Joseph Stilling, having recently purchased tbe large store in Hindleystreet belonging to John Baker, Esq., has now removed his establishment to these commodious premises. NORTH ADELAIDE.—We are glad to understand that there was a good attendance at the Friends' Meeting House on Wednesday evening last, when the Rev. Messrs Farrell, Woodcock, and Coombes attended to resume the services of the Church of England in North Adelaide. The service will be continued every Wednesday evening, punctually at balf-past seven. NEW CHURCH AT WOODFORD.—-On Monday last there assembled a large concourse of persons at Woodford, near Adelaide, the estate of Capt. Duff, for the purpose of laying the first stone of a church to be called St George's, on which in- teresting occasion the Rev. Mr Farrell, Rev. Mr Woodcock, Rev. Mr Newenham, and the Rev. Mr Coombes officiated. The following is the inscription deposited : — ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH, In the Village of Woodford, in the County of Adelaide, South Australia. The foundation stone of this Church was laid by ELIZABETH MARIA, Lady of Frederic Bayne, of Stradbroke, near Woodford, Solicitor, On Monday the 18th day of January, A.D. 1847 Being the 10th year of the reign of our Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. Lieutenant Governor of South Australia. Major Robe. Judge—Charles Cooper, Esquire. Official Members of Council. Colonial Secretary—Alfred Miller Mundy Esq. Advocate General—William Smillie, Esq. Registrar-General—Charles Sturt, Esq. Non-official Members of Council. Major O'Halloran John Morphett, Esq. Capt. Bagot S. Davenport, Esq. Sheriff—C. B. Newenham, Esq. Bishop of Australia—Rt. Rev. W.A Broughton, D.D. Colonial Chaplain and Incumbent of Trinity Rev. Jas. Farrell, M.A. Incumbent of St John's Adelaide. Rev. W. J. Woodcock. Incumbent of St James's Mount Barker Rev. J. Pollet. Minister of St Paul's, Port Adelaide Rev. Geo. Newenham Minister of St George's Gawler Rev.W.H. Coombes Minister (officiating) of Morphett Vale Rev. A.F. Lloyd Donor of the Land on which the Church will be built— John Finlay Duff, of Woodford, Esq. Trustees : Frederic Bayne John William Holmes William Gibb John Malpas Thomas Brooks Penfold. Building Committee : William Gibb James Jury John Malpas William Brooks Penfold Christopher Rawson Penfold. Treasurer—Frederic Bayne. This stone is laid as the foundation of a building to be called St George's, In the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. May this sacred edifice, which is to be raised by the voluntary exertions of the inhabitants of Woodford and its vicinity, serve as a memorial of their anxiety to secure for themselves and their posterity the ordinances of re- ligion ; as also of their attachment to the Church of their Fathers. Never may it, through the malice of Satan, or the machinations of "evil men and seducers," be perverted from the use to which it is now solemnly dedicated, nor wrested from the South Australian branch of the Esta- blished Church of England and Ireland. May it be hallowed as the dwelling place of the Divine Jehovah ; and be filled from generation to generation with humble and devout Worshipers! May its sacred altar be per- petually served by men of God—full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, who, themselves being " nourished up in the words of faith and of good doctrine," shall not fail " to declare all the Council of God !" Finally—May all who take part in the solemnities of this day rank among God's servants here, that they may be numbered among His Saints in glory everlasting! "Now therefore, our God, we thank thee and praise thy glorious name. O Lord our God, all this store that we have prepared to build thee a house for thine holy name cometh of thine hand, and is all thine own." —I Chronicles, xxix, 13, 16. ANNUAL COMMITTEE OF THE INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODD FELLOWS. — On Tuesday last the Committee of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows of the Manchester Unity, South Austra- lia District, held their Grand Annual Meeting. The Corresponding Secretary read the Balance Sheet, an abstract of which follows— TOTAL FUNDS. Widow and Orphans Funds Cash and De- £ s. d. posit Receipts .... 268 13 O Ditto Loans on Mortgage 500 O O Ditto Owing by District 55 0 0 District Funeral Fund—Cash 80S 13 0 in hand 58 14 o Ditto Banner do. ditto 13 9 1 District Funeral Balance ia hand 38 4 7 Ditto Loan to a Brother.. 3 0 0 Ditto Ditto Balance.. 1 0 0 Ditto Owing by Sydney District 2 5 0 Ditto Goods on hand 7 18 9 Ditto Regaila as last .... 10 0 O £62 8 4 Deduut owing to Widow anil Orphans Fund J 35 A 0 n 0 27 « 8 . 4 Actual worth of Funds.... £903 4 5 After the transaction of the ord nary routine business the following gentlemen were elected officers for the ensuing year—Mr Hughes, Prov. G,M.; Mr Wicksteed, D.P.G.M.; Mr Dyke, C,S. It was resolved that a subscription be opened in all the lodges for the purchase of a token of affectionate regard to the P. Prov. G.M., Dr Nash, the contribution from each perron being limited to sixpence, in order that tbe number of subscribers might be great rather than the sum large, which it was believed would be more gratifying to the Doctor. Agreed to unanimously. THE FORESTERS.—We perceive by our advertising columns that the Brethren of the Ancient Order of Foresters intend celebrating the foundation of a Parent Court in South Australia by dining together at the " Royal Hotel and Bush Club- house'* on Wednesday next. THE THEATRE.—Since our last notice on the performances at the New Queen's Theatre several novelties have beep produced with considerable effect. One evening lately the captains of vessels, agents, and inhabitants of the Port and their friends crowded the Theatre to excess. The fine old comedy of " Sweethearts and Wives" was the first piece, and, in our opinion, one of the most successful we have witnessed. Mr Coppin also made his first appearance in Adelaide in his original character of " Billy Barlow"—ac announ^P ment in itself sufficient to attract a crowded house. The character is excessively drcll and personified with great art, but'the local bits at our mining mania were i-resistibie. " Our First Lieutenant**' concluded the entertainments, in which Mr« Coppiu as a " Female Man-o'-War's-Mau*' stuck to her guns like " Hearts of Oak." " Jonathan Dradford" was produced on Monday, with the advantage of good-sceoerv. We nrast notice one in particular tn which four rooms were represented^ at one time. Taking into consideration the UmitM space of room it was most skilfully arranged., Mrs Coppin as "Ann Bradford" was excellent. Coppin, Deering, Thompson, and Douglass, itt their respective characters, were all we could wiah. This piece will bear repetition. Last Thursday the bachelors of Adelaide gave their pationage, and, as was anticipated, the theatre was crowded by a fashionable audience. ** Captain Charlotte" was performed, for the first time here, in which Mrs Coppin had to exert herself to the Utmost to carry the piece through, for the other ladies and gentlemen engaged did not appear to know what they were about. We have frequently , noticed the dirty manner in which the ladies go on the stage, and upon this occasion the " duchess" and " countess" reminded us strongly of two iibummies' wives dressed up for May Day. " Master Billy Barlow" gave the Burra Directors some bard raps on the knuckles, which appeared to be taken very good-naturedly by the majority of them. The success of the " Dumb Belle" made up for the deficiency in the first piece. It was well acted, and is one of the best translations from the French we have seen. We perceive by our advertising columns a Mrs Oliffe (late Mrs •jjjjjpwles, well known to our New South Wales Tmtdrs) is to make her first appearance this even - ing, and from report of this lady's talent, we make no doubt there will be a crowded house to welcome her. We hear the licensed victuallers patronise the theatre on Thursday next—bravo! They seem determined not to be in the background when anything gooJ is going on. Sale at Reiss.—On Monday last, a sale of cattle &c.; f took place at Reiss, In this neighbourhood. There was a very large attendance, from all parts of the country, and the prices obtained for all sorts of stosk were quite unpredented. The quality of the cattle—which certainly redounded to the credit of the manager of the farm—was no doubt a great inducement to purchasers to offer high prices, and it truly did not appear that any fear is entetlained as to a»y injury resulting to the agricultural body from the new tariff. C_ws ran in price from £13 to £17 17s. One and two year old caosees, which were first rate stock, fetched extraordinary prices, some year olds being knocked down at £9. One pair of year olds fetched £26. Best calves were sold as high as £5 Is, the general run be ; ng from £3 10s to that sum. Horses were also well sold, and, altogether, the sale was decidedly the best which has taken place in the country this year. One mare, bred on the farm, sold at £40.—John O'Groat's Journal. June 5. {[The above were the propei ty of A. MFarlane, Esq., of Glenelg, in this province.—Ed. S.A."] 