To the Editor of the Colonial Times & Tasmanian. SIR,--Her most gracious Majesty the Queen has her physicians "in ordinary" and her physi- cians "extraordinary:" I suppose your erudite correspondent, "M. B." (the extent of whose profundity is far beyond the reach of the general readers of newspapers), is your poet in ordinary, for as to your poet extraordinary, he is decidedly as "mad as a March hare;" and if the ordinary only "composes" by the yard, the extraor- dinary staves by the fathom. As to prosaic profundity, surely the following passage is poetic prose in one of the most raving of Ophelia's fits. The poet says "I pronounce judgment that the withering blight of a maniac hallucination warps most of those ill-starred wits from their rational propriety. He deems that the visitations of the lunar beams wofully derange their dome of thought \--densely mystify their palace of the soul. I too, it appears, am adjudged to be possessed of more than an ordinary share of the full-orbed luminary's silver radiance!!!" Here are glorious words for you! Hamlet tells Laertes-- Nay, an' thou'll mouth, I'll rant as well as thee, But I am "ill at those numbers." "M. B." accuses me of assailing poets in general: the Lord help me, I only ventured upon poets in particular, whom I took the liberty of suggesting to you to "keep down;" and you see how the irri- tabile genus have fallen upon me, calling in a most awful list of poets to his aid, whose ghosts, I fear, will haunt me to the day of my death. And your poet "backs up" (as my friends, the whalers, would say) with such terrible hard words, so much learning-- Rochefoucault and Lucretius, Dr. Warton and Quintillian, Bacon and Virgil, Pastor Fido and Browne (I did not know before that my excellent friend, Tom, had been inocu- lated with the cacoethes--I thought he was only a merchant)--but I cannot venture upon the list: from Cruden (whose sacred "Concordance" your correspondent puns into profane poetry) to Fre- deric the Great, is an association whom only the blue-est of the blue would aspire to. I certainly did advise you to "keep down your poets," and I think you will find me right. The eagle flights of the inflated imagination of "M. B." may no doubt deserve to be eternalised in a handsome volume of "fugitive pieces," beautifully printed upon satin paper, with (according to puff) "whole rivers of margin;" but be assured they will not do for newspaper work. You keep, I suppose, by the side of your editorial chair a basket, in which to deposit your stray correspondence, for use when one of your devils may assail you for "copy," and your brain is not "i' the vein" for labour: there let me advise you to consign, or to the huxter shops, your "poetic effusions," elegies, monodies, and all, which Smelfungus would say, although differential (excuse the Custom-house word) in signature, yet odour strongly of the same smithy. You stand now, Sir, high in the public favour for keeping your readers' sensoria awake: beware of the narcotic powers of your poets to send them asleep. That I am right, would certainly appear if you could poll your subscribers. I will take them in round numbers at one thousand--the division would, I think, stand thus:-- Forthe poets................. 1 For basketing them...999 To say nothing of the falling off of the convenient little sixpences received every day of publication, what you call "over the counter."--I remain, Sir, yours, C. D. P.S.--Publishing poets should always recollect that their productions are always food for critics. "M. B." mentions Byron: does he recollect the noble poet's loss of temper at the chastisement his "Childe Harold" received from Jeffrey, in the Edinburgh Review? 