MISCELLANEOUS. Evwrin the Sereest uproar oTour stormy passions, conscience, though in ber loftest whispers, fives to tbe MnremBcy or rectitude, the voice of an undying testimony. None are to fond, of ?ecreta ?? tbue who do not mean (o keep Idem ( Mich persons covet secret* as a spendthrift co»eU uiouey. for tbe purport or circulation. Patience, penevr ranee, and vigour, ace tlie (lie three essen » ' r - .1 J_l. I.-......-— 1.1s amliilinn ae .v.......— &J; _njt maintained. .... There are fire requisites Tor a professed drunkard :— A face «r brass— nerves or steel— lungs of leather— heart of (lone mid an incombustible liver. At tlie mind muit govern (k« hands, to in eiery society the nan or intelligence unit direct the man of labour. ??I sit Dili, why does yer call fire a devouring belcment ?' ?' Why, 'ka« it bead everything to le sure.' A lady aniioUi to gel tlie Mire direction to a particular place, asked a cabman her best way, and was answered, ' Why, ma'am, I think the best way is to take a cab.' ?' Pa, doesn't all mean everything P ! «' Yes, my-on, it meant the whole.' ?' Well, then, where tbe Testament says '-Swear nut at all, it meant .wear nut at everybody, doesn't it ?' ' Julio, put my hone in the waggon— I mutt go to the mill.' Ir a man hni a right to be proud of any thing— it ii of a good action, done as it ought to be, without any bale intetest lurking ol'out it ? Sterne. Receive no satisfaction for premeditated impertinence ; forget i!, forgive it, but keep him inexorably at a distance who offered n.—Lavatcr. Riches, honour, and pleasures, are the limit which destroy the mind's appetite for its heavenly food ; poverty, disgrace, and pain, are the titlcrt -vliich restore it. Ciiableb DicKEKS.-Cbmles Dickeni was born alout the year 1310, and in 18S34 (when he was twenty-four yean of age) be filed an oliscure cituation in connection with t lie daily newspaper nrra of London, The irame of the newspaper to which he con. iriliutcd the 'Sketches of Uor,' which nisi attracted the atten. lion of tbe literary public, was the Evening Chronicle. The curaordinwy successor ihete [ketches caused them to be collected in tivo volumes in 1BS5 and their circulation was unparalleled. His cecond book was pulliihed in 1637, and emitted ?? The Pick wick Papers.' Ibis had a circulation of upwmds of 35,000. Tliii is one of Mr. Dickens' happiest efforts, and uOurded us many o merry hour ? ' Nicholas Nickleby' was his neit woik. In Hi is we hate many melancholy and more mirthful pictures. The ill- used Smike— the starred scholars at Dolbelioy's hall— and Nicholas's adventures with the strolling-player's company— are all docriued in bis best manner. After tbe puLlicution of tin's work, a new magazine made its appearance, entitled ' Bentlet's lliucllany,' of which he became editor, and in it gave to the public his nett nonl, ' Oliver Twist.' There are many scenes of low vice in this work which, in our opioion, might have been omitted with benefit to the story. ?? Matter Humphrey's Clock' WBb COU1UICIICCU 111 IOW, BUU 11 U &CIICB; VI inics uj '??» omiiiu, , ?? Bainaby Rudge' being the principal one. in 1S42, Mr. Dickens, on rtlurning from America (to wliich he made a short trip,) published his ** American Notes for General Circulation' — a work which however, was not fo successful as any of his pre vious ones. No doubt, its non-success served to iiritate him against our American friends ; for, in 1843, he began ♦- Mattin Cbusalewit' in which they do not figure very favourably. Mr. Dickens bas alio published 'A Christmas Carrol' in prose, 'The Chimes,' and has jutt issued a pleasing new work for Christmas, called 'The Cricket on the Hearth.' The very name of Box recalls to our minds the very happiest of recollections. Mr. Pickwick, with his merry face, 'a perfect man of smiles'— Sam WVIIcr, with ell his ineligible drollery, ?nd hit merry impudence— l-ittle Nell -Oliver Twist— Toby Verk— Tiny Tiro— and hundreds of other individual portraits late all left an impression which we hope will never be effaced. —English paper. Odd Obicimd— Moses was a shepherd — Koah was a fanner— Confucius was a carpenter ? Mahomet, called the Prophet, was h driver of asses— Mabeoiet Ali was a barber— the present negro Emperor of Morocco was a pawnbroker— Dernadotte, the late King of Sweden, was turgeon in the garrimn of Martinique when the English look that island— Madame liernadotte was a wash erivoman of Paris— Napoleon, a descendant of an obscure family or Corsica, was a major when be married Josephine, the daughter of a tobacconist Creole of Martinique— Franklin was a printer President Uoyer was a mulatto baiber — President jolin Tyler was a Captain of militia — Oliver Cromwell was originally a brewer— President Folk, the Loco Foco King of the American States, was formerlv an innkeeper — the stepfatlier of Isabella, Queen of Spain, husband of Queen Christina, and brother-in-law of the King of Naples, was once a bar-keepei of a coDee-room— General Eiparlero was a vestry clerk.— King Chrittopher of Unjti was a 'lave of St, Kilt'-— the reigning President of Hayti was also a negro slave — Boliver wai a druggut— General Pace wai a cow- keeper ? Vasco da Gama vrat a tailor ? Columbus was a sailor — Attor tbe richest man in the Netr World, before he besame proprietor of Astorhoute, used to sell apples in the street! of New York— Joseph Bonaparte, before his arrival at New York, with all the silver, gold, end Jewels of the crown or Spain that he wai able to take with him from that country, was the King of Spain, 4c. ! Louis Philippe was a teacher of the French tongue at Switterland, Boston, and Havannah— Catherine, the Empress of Russia, was a camp grisettc— Cincinnktut was ploughing in his vineyard when the dictatorship of Rome was oD'cred to him—the present Governor of the Island of Madeira, was a tailor— and the actual Minister of Finance in Portugal was a dealer in bottles of Maderia wine. There are at present in Spain several, Maiquiies, Dukes Ceunts, Viscounts, and Barons nlo formei ly were cooks, tai lors, barbers, cobblers, sweepers, and mulattos. These few but re markable of ancient and modern history ere enough for proving that nren and women from tbe lowest clan of society have attained power, eminence, insolence, and even thrones, crowns, Hud altars. Brutus before being Brutus was a bruit. DlHNBfi PaBTIBS,— There can only be one opinion about pri vate dinner parties— I mean fibionable ones. There may lie— and I dare say there t«— though I cannot perceite it— much fun in having twelve or thirteen strapping fellows in livery and while kid gloves, standing behind one's chair, and watching an oppor tunity to cheat one out of a nice slice of venison, or some other deilcacy that one is particularly fond or 1 Zounds ! these fellows might claim the reward for tbe discover; of ' Perpetual Motion !' No sooner does your bead move to the right, or to the left, than jjur plate lian vanished— and with it, all its contents : while, in its stead, is another little better than en ' aching void ! If you begin again, you are no better off! — as fora sensible meal, or lie satisfying of an appetite, the very idea is prepuBterous, —Fashionable people an centci not to cat. It would srem to It a crime, punishable by the Judges ! Why on earth, then, dn they ask a person to dinner p For my own part, 1 have no notion of sitting down with a parcel of Barmecides, so I always eat a capital dinner before I go out, and have a hot supper prepared for me, at home, against my return ! It is some lime, however, before I can do away with the illusion that haunts my vision— I seethe ghost of a fidgelty fellow, sit feet three inches high, at my elbow, every mouthful that I swallow j end expect momenta rily, to find my plate shorn of its fair pioportions! — Kidd's London and all tit iliierie: German Burial Custom — The German ceremonial of inter ment is complicated and minute, end all persons of high birth arc espected to conform to it in eveiy particular: Among the rites which ptecede burial is one, which, trying at it cannot fail to prove to the principal actor, must, nevertheless, greatly tend to tranquill ice tlie minds of the turtivon. It is necestary we should describe this. Fur four and twenty hours the corpse remains un der i he roof where the death has taken place, and while there all tlie affecting offices necessary to its final burial are perorated. The time elapsed, itis«nid to the ccmetry, and luid in its winding-sheet on a bed in the inner apartment, of a low stone building. The solitary erection coniists tinly or tivo rooms. That in tvliich the bod) is deposited is called the Hull of Rcrur recllun, and contains no other furniture than the bed itself and a bell-rope, tbe end or whiih is place in the hand of the corpse. This cord is attached to e bell which rings in the nest rooms, end which is thence called the Chamber or the Dell. Thus should it occur that the friends or an individual may hate been deceived and mistaken lethargy Tor death, and that the patient should awake during the night (for the body must re main nil ninlit in iliii iloomv refute), the slightest movement which he nay mahe necessarily rings the bell, and he obtains instant help. It is customary for the nearest lelalite to keep this watch ; and from a beautiful sentiment, 'hicii must al most tend to reconcile the watcher to his ghostly task ; he is fated to watch there alone, that it n.ay be he who crIIi back (he ebbing life, and that none may share in a joy so holy and «o deep— a joy moreover so rare and unhoped for. — Fraztr't Magazine. Do hot ctinn euall Tkikcb. — The possibility of e great change being introduced by very slight beginnings ma) be illus trated by the tale which l.ockman tells of a visier. who, having olTcnded hit master, was condemned to perpetual captivity in a lofty tower. At night lilt wife came to weep below his window. ?? Cease your giief,' Mid the sage ; ?' go homo for the present, and return hither when you have procured a live blacV beetle, together with a little ghee (orbufiVo'i butter), three clews, one of the finest silk, anolhei or stout pack-thread, and another of whipcord: finally, a stout coil or rope.' When sbe again came to the foot of the toner, provided according to her husband's nroirnnss, he directed her to touch the head or the insect with a little of the ghee, to tie one end «f the silk thread around him, and to place the reptile on the wall of the tuner. Seduced by the smell of the butler, which be conceived to be in store some where above bin, the beetle continued to ascend till he reached iLetop, and thus put the vitier in prttessionoftbeend of the tilk thread, svho drew up the packthread, and by means of the silk, Uie small cord by meant of tbe pack-thread, and, by meaut of the cold, a stout tape capable of sustaining bis own weight— and co at last escaped from tbe place or bis durme.— Quarter- ly Rtvint, 