A GROAN FROM PORT ARTHUR. In tbe yeof 183-,a time when body-snatching:, orsteaiing recently-interred corpses, and selling them to the medical faculty,-was prevalent in England, two youths, of, whom J will speak under the name of Ward, as it would be improper to publish , their real appellation; had the misfortune to he; bereaved of their father. To him these young men had been fondly attached; to his guidance they had implicitly sub v milted ; end, in fact, his approbation had been the height of their desires. But the King of Terrors makes no distinction, and he peremptorily summoned the ,be)oved parent to his court. AfterIdeath the body was, as usual, consigned to the silent grave. The brothers came to the determination, on the day of, the funeral, that they would use every exertion to prevent the spoliation of their father's tomb. Accordingly, at njght, one of them watched over the sepulchre for a few hours, end was then relieved hy the other. This plan was perseveringly carried dot for six nights in succession. On the seventh evening, John, one of the brothers, was only a few moments behind twilight—the time of the first watch— when to his astonishment, grief, and indignation, he found : the tomb had been dismantled of its glory—the decaying remains of his father had been carried off.. Many were the tears shed that night. The brothers almost idolized the mouldering body of their parent: witness their self-denials- They had refused sleep to their eyelids,, and had made their beds amidst the vaults, of the dead. The ghosts and hobgoblins, said by the superstitious to baunt the barial-yard, were unheeded by them—the fabled " spirits o f the air" bad no terrors for ihem; the sleet, the rain, the cold piercing wind,affected.them not. The passion of their souls was this—to preserve unraangled, by surgical instru ments, the body of that being who was indeed " bone of their bone, and flesh of their flesh." _ Astonishing effects often spring from very trivial causes: sd, melancholy to relate, was it in this case. John Ward— the moral youth, the affectionate son—gave way to drink t Alas! from .the demoralising effects of alcohol be forfeited his.civil liberty, fie descended rapidly down the steps of vice, and. in the short space of two or three years, was ar raigned at the bar of justice for a grievous offence against bis . fellow-men; was found guilty ; and received the sentence of transportation. . Previous to-embarking on board the vessel that was to cany him from Albion's shores, he had leisure for thought He called to mind tbe'days of his boyhood; ab ! they were happy days. He remembered? the pious instruction he had received when in the slippery paths of youth: an ! it had been unheeded. He could not forget the horror with which he had regarded criminals'like himself, when he was a boy: ah] he had committed crimes at which he would then have shuddered. The voice of conscience spoke, audhe. heard it. - He determined to reform; to secure the praise of his overseers; 'o endeevour to get free as soon as possible ; to return to his native land; and to redeem his cha racter. The vessel which bore the young man . to Van Dieraen's. Land conveyed also some hundreds who, like true patriots, *' left their country lor their country's good." These, with whom he was necessarily mixed up, were London pick pockets, thieves, swindlers, forgers, coiners of bad money, bigamists, and men-slayers! Is it to he wondered at that this sealed Ward's ruin ? The convicts gloried in relating their deeds of villsny, and spent their time in devising fresh schemes of darkness. Ward landed at Hobart Town an ac complished rogue, his heart being a very sink of sini His conscience, which had shewn symptoms of relenting when he was in prison previous to bis embarkation, was now seared as with a hot iron, ■ Ward now rushed into all sorts of vice and wickedness. He was soon punished additionally, being sent, to Port Arthur. This place-is a penal settlement to which those who violate the colonial laws are sent for severer punish ment than, that which they receive under their original sen tence.; His associates at Port Arthur were the vilest of the vile, and the basest of the base. Here be was surrouqded with men who could cooljy murder an overseer, that they might get a" slant"—to use convict parlance—and be 6ent to town for their trial—men whose crimes would cause the blood to freeze at the rehearsal J Here his provision was the coarsest; chains—the chains of slavery—encircled his ankles; his clothing was of half grey and half yellow; his work was to break stones from morning till night. If he appeared in the least degree sulky, or if he did not do his work cheerfully, or if he did not pay due respect to. ?' the powers that be," he was sentenced to solitary confine ment, with a diet of bread and water. H he did not join heart and soul with his companions in their wickedness, he was ill-treated by his fellow prisoners ; and, perchance, they would, if needs he, have accused him of a heinous offence of which .he was innocent; and, by ail taking oath as to the truth of an infamous He, tbey would secure the application of the lash. One evening, .vvhen in their cell, his brother convicts were relating their exploits and adventures in the mother .country. Amongst, this number was a resurrectionist./ He highly gratified the assembled villains with an eloquent description or splendid feats performed by him in his calling.. He in stanced bis having watched near a g ave for a week in ojder 1o snatch a body; be was, however, prevented hy some per son watching over the object of his attention. At last, to bis delight, circumstances completely favoured him, and he obtained the price of his thett. He.had just concluded his account when John Ward seized him by the throat, and would have added murder to his other crimes, had not bis fellow-prisoners pulled him away by sheer strength.. " Wretch 1" exclaimed he," Know that the grave was the tomb Of my father. For six high's my brother and I watched over it; and because I was behind my time only a few moments one night, you secured and carried off the body. This was the first step towards my ruir. Here am I in this fier.: Heaven spare me to punish you yet 1" Here I must bid adieu. This is no fancy ; it is a true tale—alas, too true 1 Fellow-men 1 I leave you to consider whether transportation is reformation or not. Kappa. Adelaide, November 10, 1847. A German had made a fortune in Philadelphia "by selling milk. He- started home with two bags of sove reigns. On shipboard he counted one bag, a mischievous monkey watching his operations. As soon as it was replaced and tied up, and the other bag emptied, Jacko snatched up the full one and was soon at the mast-head. He opened the .German's bag, and after-dyeing the pretty gold, he proceeded to drop one piece upon the deck and another in the water, until he had emptied the bag. When he had finished, the _ German.threw.up his hands, exclaiming, " He must bo the ■dyvel, for what came from the vater he does give to the water, and what came from the milk he gives to me." Everj man of reflection will hare discovered, that the wisest and holiest of men,are not to be trusted with absolute power. There needs something to form a counjer poise and keep the equilibrium. 