THE ROYAL MARRIAGES IN SPAIN THE Madrid Gazette contains a decree naming the in- fante Don Francisco d'Assis Field Marshal (Captain General) in the army. A chapter of the Order of the Golden Fleece was held on the 10th instant, at the Palace, for the purpose of conferring on the Duke de Montpensicr the Grand Collar of the Order. The Duke d'Aumale acted as sponsor ; the Infante Don Francisco d' Assis, his, father, Don Francisco de Paula, and the Duke de Rianzarea, were present as knights. Tho Queen and liersistcr wero richly dressed in white, Don Francisco d' Assis wore tlio rioh uniform ofa field marshal, whielt was understood to hate been a present to him from tlio Quccn-Mothor. Ho was decorated with the insignia of the Golden Flecco and tho Grand Cross of tho Legion of Honour. Tito Dukes of Mont, pensier and d'Anmale wore dressed in tlio uniform of Viertelt generals, and they also wore tho Collar of the Golden Flecco and tho Grand Cross of tho Legion of Honour. Tho Queen and her sister wore given in mar ringo by their mother, und the saino oflico was rendered by Don Francisco to lils BOU. Tho Duko d'Auin.Ue acted as father to the Duko da Motttponsicr. The wit- nesses on tho part of Spain were, the Cartunös Duke of ltailcu, and tile Dukes of Costrotorreno and Rinn wires; on tlio part of France, tho Duko d'Auntale, M. Bresson, and liaron Atltalin, peer of Franco. , The officiating prclato commenced his functions by saying-" Señora Donna Isabolla II., of Bourbon, Ca- tholic Quocn of Spain, I demand of your Malest);, and of your Highness, Sereno Sir, Don Francisco d Assis Marla de Bourbon, Infante of Spain, in caso you know of any impediment» to this present marriage, and why itcoulJ not and ought not to bo contracted-that is to say, it there oxist between your Majesty and Highness impedi- ments of consanguinity, affinity, or spiritual relation- ship, independently of those impediments that hate been dispensed willi by his Holiness-if you have mado vow» of chastity or religion -and, finally, if there oxist impe- diments of any other kind-that you forthwith declare them. Tlio'santo I demand of all here present. For the second and third time I make tho same demand, that you freely discover any impediments you aro arraro of." After some moments of slloncc, no ono replying, tho prolate addrossed tho Queen thus,-"Señora Donn» laaboiU II.,of Bourbon, Catholic Qucon of Spain, do you nish for j our spouse and husband, as the Holy Catholic, Apostolic, and Kunian Church directs, Don Francisco d'Assis Maria do Bourbon, Infaitto of Spain ?" Tho Quoett kissod lier mothor's hand, and being agaiu askud the. samo question by tho Bishop, replied, " Yes, I nish." Tho prclato then bald, " Does your Majesty givo yoursolf as spouso and wiro to his Serene Highness Don Francisco d'Assis Maria de Bourbon?" Tho Queen answered, " I do." "Does jour Majesty" rcceivo and accept tho said Infanto Don Francisco d'Assis Maria do Bourbon for your spouso and husband?" " Yos, I rcceivo aud accept." Tlio Bishop then addressed the Infante. " Most Serene Sir, Don Francisco d'Assis Marla do Bourbon, Infanto of Spain, does your Highness wish for spouse and lawful wifo her Majesty Isabella II., of Bourbon, Catholic Quocn of Spain, as tho Holy Roman Catholic and Apostolic Church directs ?" The Prince answered, " Yes, I wiall." "Does ypur Highness' yourself?" &c.; "Yes, I do." " Doos your Highness* receivo and sccopt as your spouso and lan ful wifo Donna Isabella II., of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Hpaui?" ,,"Yes,ldo receivo and accept." , , " , Then joining tlio hands of tho Queen and Infante, and taking his crozier, th» Bishop' said-"'And I, on the part of Almighty God-ami of the happy Apostles, St. Peter and St. Paul, and of our Holy Mother Church, join in matrimbny your Majesty Sonora Donna Isabella II., of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of- Spain, and your Tloyal Highness Don Francisco d'Assis Maria of Bour- bon; and this sacrament of matrimony I confirm in the name of the father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Amen." Ue then sprinkled with holy water on tho heads of tho Queen and Prince, and afterwards-in words only vary- ing according to tho diflorcnt ranks of the parties- on tlio Infaute nnd the Duko de Montpellier ; and thus tho ceremony was concluded According to tho custom of Spain, tho brides aud bridegrooms did not exchange rings on this occasion, but this ceremony was reserved for tito nuptial benediction at tho church of Atocha ou the following day. After some fow minutes passed in mutual congratulations, their Majesties, tho Infanta, tho Princes, and the Court retired witlt all tho attondants. Next day tho royal brides and bridegrooms, with the Queen mother, and tho rest of tho Royal family, at- tended by all who wero at tho first ceremony, were conducted in gorgeous stato to tho church of Atocha, n hielt was splendidly decorated, for the velación, or " tlio veiling." Tho party was "received by tho Patriarch, seated before tho high altar, with Ins mitre on his head and tho crozier iii . iiis bund, suriouudcd by a numerous body of the priesthood. Immediately on tho entronco of tho. Hoy al party he put as ide his crozier, and tho service commenced by the benediction of tho otTeriug (ios arras), which the bride- groom presents to the bride, consisting of thirteen pieces of motley, and which alto immediately pre- sents to the Church. Tho officiating deacon then presented to tho Patriorch, on a saher, tho nuptial rings, which wero also blessed according to tho ritual of the Roman Church. Holy r> ater was then pre- sented to all present, and with which cncli person marked himself with the sign of the cross. After this tlio Patriarch put one of the rings on the ring flngor of tile right hand of the bridegroom, who transferred it to the same finger of tho right hand of. tao bride, in ex- change for another ring, which iu uko manner had been placed on her finger, which she gave to tho bride- groom. Upon this tho bridegroom i toole into the palra of his hand the oflcriug, and poured it into her palm, saying, "Spouse, I gi\o j ou this ring and this offering in sign of mnrringe. She replied, "I accept tbcm,"| und immediately delivered the offering over to tlio Church. Tho prclato assumed his crozier, aud, fol- lowed by tbo brido and bridegroom, went to their re- spective places to hear the mass, tho choir chanting tho Psalm, "SeatiomncsquitimcntX)omimtm,gui ambulant viis ejut." On reaching tho last step of tho altar tho married oouplo kneel, and ugain received the nuptial benediction. Tho Putt-lurch thea robed himself in tho proper vestments for performing muss, which, accord- ing to the Roman rubric, is to bo without music. During the reading of the epistle a lighted taper wus placed in tho hand of each of tho newly-mnrrled par tics, 'mid which they afterwards offered to the Virgin, and having kissed tho cross presented to thom by tho Patriarch, tho service proceeded HU It carno to tho do- minical prayer, wlion'a «hito voll was extended over tho heads of tho brido and bridegroom, and when tho Piitriarchlmdrep'eatod tliepruycr Libéranos, guee tumus, Domine, ho turned towards tho married purtles, and invoked upon them tho blessing of Heaven, and having given tlio pix to kiss, ho continued tho mass to Ita, missa est. Ho then resumed his mitre and crozier, and guvc tho last blessing to tho brido and bridegroom in tho following words-" Now that you have received tho blessing ordained by tho Church, 1 have only to recom- mend you to be faithful otto to tho other, love euch other mutually ns husband and wife, andllvolntho holy fear of God. Amen!" Tho last Gospel being read, the patriarch, addressing tho bridegroom, said " I have given you a companion and not a servant's love, a» Jesus Christ loveth his Church. Go in peaco 1" This concluded the coremonies, and the royal party ro turnod to tho palace in tho order in which it came. WHEAT FHOM VAN DIEMBN'S LAND,-Two vessels have arrived at this port from Launces- ton, Van Diemen's Land, with cargoes of bark, gum, mahogany, and wheat, the produce of the colony. One of them, the Benjamin Heap, brings two thousand eight hundred and fotty eight bags of wheat. It is in linen bags of fine texture, and the grain of excellent quality ; but in consequence of the mahogany steaming in the ship, and communicating a Blight mois- ture to the grain, it will require to bo turned over two or three times, as it ia technically ex- pressed, before it will be dry enough to enter into consumption, Fifty sacks of wheat, we are informed, are consigned to a gentleman in Staffordshire from a friend in the colony, and intended exclusively for seed. An experienced corn-dealer on 'Change informB us, that he never saw grain of so fine an appearance. It is very white, and the skin of the grain is of unusual thinness. Numerous applications have been made for samples of the lot, but in vain. The remainder of the cargo is of superior quality, and as at tho present limo there is a great demand for Indian corn and other articles not usually consumed in this country, we direct the attention of tho public to the importation as a decidedly prominent subject, and one which may hereafter exercise a great influence on tho imports into this country. We have not the means of stating anything certain respecting the amount on hand in Van Diemen's Land, but we are told by the gentleman from whom we derive the facts here stated, that there is plpnty of it to be had. The cost of this cargo was as follows,-Cost in Van Diemen's Land, per bushel of 701b., 3s.; freight, 2s. 3d. ; duty, l£d. ; commission, 6d. ; giving a total cost of 5s. JOjd. per bushel of 70 lbs. A portion of that part of the cargo which is to he disposed of, has already been Bold at 9s. Gd. per bushel, realising to the importer, in the present state of the market, a profit of more than CO per cent. A little competition would probably reduco the charges, and the ex- traordinary profit which has accrued on a first transaction, and would bring the produce of tho colony into a ready market. As the im- part has made somo sensation amongst corn dealers, there can bo no doubt but that the en- terprise of the merchants Of Liverpool will be directed to more extensive importations from the colony at Van Diemen's Land, which under present circumstances, will benefit the colony, and be lucrative to themselves."-Li- verpool Courier. THE WEMIWOTOM STATUE.-The manner in whick Mr. M'Cullum, boatswain of tho Woolwich Dock} aril, and tho riggers under his direction, accomplished tim raising of this statue, has surprised runny persons, but Mr. M'Cullum docs not consider tho fent more thnn nu ordinary task, as hu would have no hesitation in un- dertaking to raise a body of one hundred tons weight to a Bindiar height of ono hundred und five feet. Tho work of raising tho statua was accomplished by forty four men, eight at each of tile four " crabs" for colling tho ropes, two holding on, and one at euch stopper, »orno Idea of the strength of tho framework iniiy,bo formed, when it is computed thnt it supported a weight of about ninety tons, nt a height of upwards of ono hundred and live feet from the ground. This is ascer- tained by calculating thu weight of tile statue, the ropes nnd tackling, and tho number of persons, of whom there was always upwards of sixty, including' strangers, on the scaffolding, until tho ttatuo WUK raised to iti proper position. So excellently wera all tho pnrts ndjusted, that four men, witli two single ropes, moved the atatuo backwards and forwards on tho tramway, Tho framework required two huu. drcd and fifty loads of timber, tho whole of whick wat supplied by Woolwich Dockyard", and the êïptnsi Of li on work nnd labour including tho cnrrlnge, exceeds jSM nnd with tin. timber tho totil cxpinm of laisinp the statut will txctel Í.J0U A numbu <il naval nud nnlltnrj offictri have \ ¡sited tht stituc siueo it has. lien pinttd on the top of tho ni eli and liuvt expressed their entire approbation of tho whole of thoairangt meuts Tnu Wrrntoiox STATUE-The Iron Duke is mounted on his pcdftnl nt last, notnltbst inding ull the ridicule to which tho design hat been exposed Tho joke is nh-endy expiring Nowthntthoproccssionisover, and tile statuo stands tairlj on tho arch, people arc begin ning to think th it it is not quite »o monstrous after all \\\ o know how dimtult It is, in tim ago, to estaño from tho influence of any picto ot coinlcnl satire But, wo confess, we did til o the public credit for discernment enough to maka tillsdlscuiory a littla sooner II a co lossal figuro is admirably suited to tho elevation on which it is placed If tho b.u,o wero broader and bolder, tho whole eiltet would, no doubt, ho of n grander character Hut something must be sacrificed to netos sity In no other spot of tho metropolis tould tins figuro bo toen to such advantage Height nnd distance aro indispensable to bo gigantic a statuo Hero wo have both, with surrounding accessories ihich assist tho imagination as well ab tho eye rho squibs whii li haï o bctn written on Ulis statue, mid the ludicioiib enrica lures of which it has been the subject, cannot now ham any other effect tlian that ot acting strongly in a con trnry direction to that which they were intended to take rho first imprtssiou of tho public on seeing tho atituo «lion it «hall havo been uncovered, will unquestionably bo that of n very ngrecablo sur prise They havo boen led all along to expect somo thing very ridiculous, something so palpably out of placo and absurd, that they anttci pato nothing- »bort of a hearty hugh, to dct,e norato, perhaps", into n groan, at the sight of the egro gious monster Hut whon they seo n work of urt of stupendous mngn'tudo nuil exquisito propoitions plated upon an imp """"eolowitloii "n<! st mding out ngamst tho sky with » n°>d and singularly etiiking «fleet they will wonder* Jn theil turn at tho deception of which they bnvo allowe"! themselves to bo mnde the dupos, nnd cudoavour to al ono for tho error by an ex tcssivo enthusiasm on tho o*1'"" sldo « « "ot at »U improbable that tho statua \\*W be praised < onsider ably beyond its desorts And Hu» is the moral ot ticdting things indiscriminately irt a spirit of jest und mocktrj 11 is tho vice of the tima flonio too fond of looking nt the ludicrous sido ot things Labouring under a c,rnvlty and weight of manner which inspires our continantal neighbours with a notion that ne never smile there is not a rato of men alive «o pas sionatoly addicted to cradling jokes They aro very dull jokes to bo sure, for the most pal t, but w o cannot get on without them Having once got possession of a joke good or bad, wo ride it to death PtwieA ac- knowledges that ho drina »handsome income from lus standing jokes on Lord Brougham llis lordship would bo n serious IOBS to our facetious contemporary Punch fairly ieprostnts the public to whoso delight he administers go wittily and wisely Hut even Punch must givo up the statue Ho has already ridden it to tho last extremity -Atlas TUF PoiE-Tho Augsburgh Goretti gives a letter from Rome, containing a proclamation just usuod ina country town in tho l'ope's dominions, announcing a conspiracy against the Homan Catholic Church, and that the arch conspirator is no other than his Holiness himsell Wa givo tho proclamation as a curiosity - " Very dear brethren,-Our holy religion is nearly sue cumbing The intrusive Pontiff Mastal is tho oppres- sor of it He belongs to tho party ot «\oung Italy' His acts show tliat. Vigilance-, then I Frudtnco and courage, brothrenl If you have iho courage, which I behove you to havo, tho religion of the only Sou of God made min will triumph God will a «slat u» for besides tilt divine arm wo havo that of tho w orld-the right of lerdinand I and tho loft of lcrdinand li. In the mean time, do not etiso to remind tho ft ithful that tho devouring gorm resists In vam tho will of the Most High T he devouring gerin shall b« smolh crcd by us Ona futuro day tho terrible will bo published, nnd Hcivcu will assist us m tho enterpriso The agitation, ' adds tho lottor, " augments in the province» A topy of this circular has boon sont dirott to the Pope A friend gave him another, and told him tho nama of tho author Public opinion attributes it to Cardinal Della Gonga Tho nomination of the delo gates has caused dissatisfaction It was supposed that secular deputies vv ould hav e been appointed MUNIFICENT DONATION -A gentleman, who will not pormit his nnmo to bo announced, proposes to appro- priate 10,0001 towards the building of a church in Leeds and in all probability before ho has completed the par- sonage and tho school, and provided for the endow mont, he will spend 20 0001, but ho has pledged himself to th» expenditure of 10,0001 THE Dirait -FOBVI OF PKAIKR -Tho Archbishop of Canterbury, agreeably to the order of tho Privy Council, has Issued tho followiug rorm of Prayer to Almighty God, for relief from tho dearth and scarcitj now oxisting in parts of the United Kingdom, owing to the failure of some of tho crops of tho present year, to bo read in nil churches and chapels of England and Waltb, on Sunda}, tiri 11th of October, and two following Sun da) s -" O God, at whoso bidding the oortli, which | sustainoth tho life of man, hath withholdon m parts of these islands tho wonted provision of food, and turned abundnnco into scarcity, withdraw, wo beseech Theo, tho judgment of which we aro justly afraid, that the poor perish not by famine Wo atknon lodge, O Lord, tint by our stiifes and divisions, misuse of Thy gifts, and forgetftilnoss of thy manifold mercies, we have justly deserved punishment Wo have «mind-wo liave grlovously sinned against Theo Yet knowing that Thon art full of compassion, wo besoech Theo to pardon the offences of Thy people, to relievo tho poor and the needy in their present necessities, and to give and to preservo to our uso the fruits of the earth in all its seasons Hut whatsoever may bo Thy pleasure con ctrning u«, give in grace to receive 'JLhy dispensations whether of judgment or mercy, with entire submission to thy will, oudcivounng to abato Thy displeasure by repentante, and showing fortli our sonso of Thy good uess by faithfully keeping Thy commandments Of ourselves vv o are unable eithor to will or to do that which i3 acceptable in Thy sight Wo tticreforo pray Thee so to open our hearts to tho influences of 'rhy good spirit, that showing compassion »ud mercy each man to his nolghbour, and bearing the burdens one of another, vv o may obtain of Thv favour the supply of our wants, and with htarts knit together in brotherly love, may partake of Thy bounties ni peace and contentment, to tho honour and praise of Thy nvmc, through Jesus Christour Lord Amen" The prayer is ordered to be read immediately before the I itany, and when til* Litany shall not bo read, betöre tho prayer for all con- ditions of men 