HO BART TOWN TOTAL ABSTINENCE SOCIETV ON Tuesday evening a lecture was delivered nt Temperance Hall "on the nature of alcohol." This lecture was delivered inciusequence of an advocate if the Catholic Temper.ince Society declaring puhliciy that " spirituous liquors were, not poisons"— that no Soriety could last unless it was founded upon a just and true foundation and its causc advocated by stating the truth without resorting to exaggeration ; and further, "(hat spirituous dtinks in themselves are not bad, it is the bad use! we make of them," and the speaker was " opposed to anything unt ue, or exaggeration of any kind. I have no doubt this society (the Catholic Temperance; will flomish, when other societies who exaggerate and call things by wrong names will be defunct," See Herald S itmday, Jan. 23. Mr. Smith, the chairmin, in introducing the lecturer, stated that the Hohart Town Total Abstinence Society was founded on this great tiuxini, that •« alcohol diluted or undiluted, whether, fiund in spirits, «ine, brer, porter, cider, or any other fermented Ifcpior is a poison, and as ap>ison oi»ht to ne expelled from tile tabl.s of every individual." This Oeins the fundamental principle of the society, if found to bean error, it followed of course (list we were attempting to deceive by advocating its truth ; thu society,, there- j fore, was now called uptm to substantiate \ the truth of its piinciples, and he was i p oud to state that ai a uion.ni's notice tliey weie r-ady, with a iioit of cvidnnce, t > rebut tiie dan^erotia Cilunay atttfm^t d ti be lis d upon their principles. A suli f'Mlhir and more powerful reason for iu ducing the society to contradict tho dan g;ious soph is ry ofthe coiumni.itor existed in ill: d tea J fill tendency id the djctroe iuculcited in Hie leiigtiieii:d paragraph. A n lion was pi evident Dial the lia jitual uscofw.neor be r was nee ssny to health, aud th s idle prejudice oulv requires the si ^liiest confitm.iiou as mi excusu fn the danger-us s imo.ani to be aenculty used t»v the wtak-miodt-d indivi luals. 'I lie us - ol them once inculcated, the abuse i* c^riaiu : hdiice ttie tens of thousands of drunkards '•enpj tho vast anioutu of i rime, misery and ui«ease, rendering abortive the iiumer us effoits lor true christian instruction. The chai, iua:i CJiicluded by sta ing ttiat an advocate loi the moderate use of tha p.isuu tvas a " mocker or his coumrvmeo^and a trifler with Itiilk i.:.. his country's — I. _„» calamities." .- ! .1, Mr.^ Dickinson, the lecturer, com nencetl by stating that previous to'becoming an ai* vocate of the principles iiiculc'ited by this Society, Ire ha I caietally exnmineu i s fiontrines, and in hitf own' raiud was perfectly convinced ot tlrelr troths,- aud that a short notice, was prepared, by indubitably evidene?', to suhstanliate thuir viliditv to the world, Tt. matters nirt to hifflr bow high the station or how eka'ted the cillinz of '•fir assailants, hi would stand forward .vitb evidence stitl higher in proof of the ,'uMtion the S o<-ty had taken. In tiie course of hi< lecture he would read evidence I'ro'ii the woiks of philoN-i>-)lie s, ph'siologiuts, nod physicians- iu all aze->, nay, farther, he wojlj prjd^ica the w >rd» of the Divine Autlio.- of li;e and h altli, whose tender mercies are «ver a'l Irs wor«s; he would q-uote die inspirati >.i of the Holy Ghost, to prove that tlie-e liq iors bad been considered and treated us puis ins for upwards of 3300 years. That all might know what is live common definition of poison he read from Johnson, Sheridan, Wa'ker, aud Brown, theti d'.finition of the t rm. From Hooper, Cooper, {Jre, and Steggail he gave the medical definition of the term prison, illustrating the ditfjrei.t an'l opjiosite ellects of aliam?nt and poison unon the living body. F<oin Doc ors I>»dd, Conper, and the London, Dublin, aud 'Edinburgh pharmacopica lie illustrated that spirit is an narcotic a"ri) poison, and gave a li*t of siivpral of the same classes explaining their elfects upon animal life and economy. Drs. Beaumout, D idd, and Farre declare d (hot however^di uted still in proponion to the quantity of spirit e;>ntaii-ed in the mix-ure. k was a prison, j[. lustrniiiii their assertion by q lotat^ons ftonT their wi itiugs explaining ihe effects uf -mall doses in producing dvspipsic ant chron c diseases, and invariably distu bing " lifes healthy movements " The fectures theit qKited lire names of twenty or thirty uiedic.il mon of the highest celebrity of the present d.iy, as arguing ill the conclusions ai rived at by the above authorities. II e then rererrod to various tests of the Scripture, where wine and strong drink aie den->uuc:d as poisons, and strict abstinence enj linsd, evpi.iiirng (he metophoiical allusions of their " biting like a serpent,"—" stinging like an adder,"' —of wine being a " mocker, raging, tumultuousness, co fusing or etupifying;" quot-ng largely from the Rev. B. Parsosts, in support of his argument. He CDudadetl the lecture by reading Lev. xth chap, imh verse, whsre tlie priests are forbiJden the use of' wine. iij iheir ministry, for ever, lest they die, accounting f i- the almost universal death of true religion from the general infiingement of this law. Fro :T1 the llct', B. Parsons he read, that when waiting upon the alter of (ijd, the utmost bodily vigour and energy were required, and if wine added in the le»st to either of these, the Divine Being would have not enjoiued to;al ahstinence from what wouM have supplied them. He cautioned Ids htar.rs as professors of Christianity.—as *'• p-iests and Kings unto GoJ," to"lUtcn to no itvduceinent to iu ringe this divine law, hst they be found offering sirangs lire btfo.e the LOUD. The lecturer was hsa:d by a crowded audience, with the most intense int«rcs-, though at times a slight humour was visible at the multiiude of times the lectur.-i t ! o "P-n. aud re-open in c.ntirmaiton of his assertions. The chaiiman, in closing the meeting, stated tlraL he would appeal, not to their feeling, but to their judgement, r-garding this momentum* question - r a solitary individual states thf t alcohol is not a poison. Niue hundred and twenty medical men of the first standing in sociciy.posiiivtlv declare it is; men, whose practice is injured by the discomi ice of it, b it, as pinlnw tiophists, suffer loss fur the greater uo.»d of the vast commu 'ity. Go to the poor deluded man who partakes of these drinks; a»k him whataie its effects on his consti. tuti»n ; lie will ted it has destroyed him.— Never bo led away With sticfi a dinge'rousdoctri (•6, tlijit si little is good i go home 5 reflect upon the subject; you, that are i.ot already convinc'd; and you, my bdow teetotallers. adhere to your piinciples—louc'.i not—Haste not -liandlo not . the unclean thing -look to the int.re.t of your lam ly and youiselves, and be uot led away oy such cophistry. At 'his time, half-past nine, (here arose a general cry in the hrll, <Joct «loee the meeting, we wi l let ali tiie world know that we are trnin experience, convinced that it is pot9i>n. In consequence of which, Mr. Jordeti rose and udressed the nn-etiiiir at sotno length, on the absurdity of taking those drinks under the impression of iheir being good, i warn )<: U> said the spmker, from the evil ethcts ; ihey are poison, and *• clialteuge the whole world to prove to the contrary." Alter which. Ins lead a humerous piece of postry, calied the D>uuk* ards Habitation. 'I lie meeting closet) a few minutes before Uii ociock, and the speaker left the plat* i'urm, loudly chewed by the nudifeuce. 