THE SOMNAMBULIST. some years since, a genlletiun of itie name of Anderson, was out-rider, or traveller, fnr the HouBe of Harvey and Co., Silk Mercers, Ludgote— street, op- posile the Old Bailey, London. At Ihe time of the occurrence narrated, Mr. Anderson <ves on a journey in the West riding of Yorkshire, and in the progress of business lie was called to Halifax. Mir Anderson hid been onee before at Halifax, and being a person of gentlemanly address and strict integrity, waB much respected by all his ac quaintance there. At shout the distance of two miles from Halifax, lived a Mr Thompson, a gentleman of large and independent property. It chanced that on the night of Mr Anderson's arrival this gen tleman was on a visit to a friend there, and being previously acquainted Nvith Mr A., and highly respecting liirn, gave him an invitation to pass the evening of the following day with tiim. Accordingly, at the appointed tivoe Mr Andrson walked down to the manEioti of his friend, where he found Mr and Mia Thompson, their five daughters, fine youttg ladies, aud n parly of friends all met for the purpose of spending a quiet evening in festivity and enjoyment. After the usual forms of introduction, the company sat down to an elegant and substantial dinner, provided by their worthy entertainer, who was a person of advanced age, one ot those plain, honest, straight forward, old English gentlemen, now so rarely to he met with. After dinner Ihe parly pro ceeded to an apartment set aside on ibis occasion as Bail and Concert Room, where everything went off pleasantly and without ioterruplioo, to their enjoyment, until about eleven o'clock, when it began in thunder aod lighten terrifically, the ratn at the same time pouring down in tonents, and such was the fury and violence of the tem pest that some of the guests began lo express fears of being able to reach home in s.fety, — " Well my friends," said Mr Tbo mpson, good huruourediy, " I think it is quite impassible that you can go home on such a night, Bnd yet J can not see how you can all be accommo dated here, unless you all agree to sleep with .your partners," — Indeed," said Mrs Thompson, a jolly dame about fifty years of age, " we cannot think ofleltiog any of you go out such a night as this, ( think we shall be able to maDsge it some way or other, to prevent that." Alter some little conversation between Mr and Mr« Thompson, during which the good lady Becmt-d lo be remonstrating against something proposed by ber bus. band, — Mr Thompson began, " now Au> derson, my brave fellow, 1 have a pro posal to make to you ; we taave in the house an aoii-chamber, which has been for sortie time uninhabited, in conse quence of some foolish reports having been circulated by tome of my servants that it was haunted, but I trust you are too good and brave a man to be daunted by any such idle phantasies, and I myself aball be glad of the opportunity of having tbe matter satisfactorily cleared up, and of punishing the originators of the rumour by dismissing them from my service immediately,," "If," continued Mr Thompson, "you agree to this, I think «e shall be able to accommodate tbe whole of our friends round ua, pretty comfortably 1 believe, considering the short notice, Oh," aaidMr Anderson, " I agree to your propaition, aa I am not . at all a believer in Ghosts or Spirits, , neither am I afraid of being carried away by hobgoblini or Evil Spirits of ibis or any other world, and I have no doiibt I shall be able to sleep as soundly in the Haunted Chamber at I should have done in any other apartment ;tn the Mansion. " Well," said Mr Thpippson, " you csn have a fire in the apsftment, and a candle burning ell night, and I will have every thing arranged to pro mote your comfort as much as possible, aod I have no doubt of hearing from you in the morning « good account of the Ghostly visitants who are aaid to plsy their pranks at midnight in the Haunted Chamber. Alter some little conversation took place on the subject, Mr Anderaon was shewn to bis apartment, which fully an swered the description which had been given of it. It was indeed an antiquated Room, the only furniture in it wsa large old fashioned oak bedstead, which looked by the cobwebs and dust collected about it, lo, have atopd for. yean without having been disturbed, and Which the hasty pre parations of one or two of MrThompx son's boldest servants had not been per fectly successful in removing. lu a fireplace, but one -that had never known a crate, dimly burnt tbe fire which had been, lighted a .few minutes before by the servants. ' Mr. Atideraou though poasessed of as bold a heart at any man,- could scarcely- forbear shuddering at the drepry prospect before, him,' and "which teemed so well calculated lo aid the BtorfeA be bad heard of the unearthly visitants of the apart ment, he however immediateiydifmissed. the attendant, who seeoied anything but anxioub to atop, knd, placing the caudle on the window ledge in the absence of a table, began to prepare hlmielf for'hi) night's vest. At this time the tempest -without waa raging fear hilly claps of thunder which seemed to ahakei.be building to its very foundation, followed each other in rppid succeecon; wlpd huwlyd tnournluliy through tbelqnglarvhed passages -sufficient to strike terror -to the stoutest heart. - Mr. Anderson hsd. lain /or seme minnlea, unable to s'eep, fearful foreboding! begin ning to crowd open his mind, when, to a moment, aa if by magic, the candle waa extinguished, and the room left in almost total darkness, for the fire was 'every moment burning dimmer, our adventurer rose, re-ligbted the candle, and -'endea voured, by search'uz the room, todiacbVer 'he cauie of it» so auddenly going out, but without surcepe. He tbou replaced it in it former posifiun and again attempted to compose himself to sleep ; he had srarcely, however, laid down, when the light again went ofit, and still without any visible cauie. Mr. Anderroo by this time began to feel considerably alarmed he, however, again got out of bed, and after much difficulty succeeded jo again lighting the candle, although the fire was,. by this time, almost expired : he again examined the apartment, this time alao without auccesa ; he then replaced the light on the window ledge, and agniu lay down though not to sleep. Every alory of Ghosts or Apparitions which Anderson had ever heard, now re curred to his imagination with a force which he had never before experienced, bii mind was worked up to a pitch ol the must horrible suffering, when again the candle was extinguished, and 1-e was now left tu tutal darkness. Thiawasmore than human nature could bear, Mr. Anderson immediately fell into a fainting fit, from which h« w«s aroused by hearing a ni-ha in his apartment; upon looking up be could clearly dia-eru a female Ggure iu a white dress advancing from the window, where it stepped. The Appnrition immediately opened the window, and appeared to be drawing up something from below, but what it waa Mr. Anderson was unable io discover ; after remaining at the casement for a mi nute or two, the figure re-closed it, and, with a sorrowful and disappointed lonk, turned from it and adt'auced towards tbe bed, where Mr. Anderson lay almost iu a lifeless state from dreed. The Ghost, or whatever it might be, immediately drew aside the enrtnias. and stepped into bed, leaving poor Anderson for gome time rather dead than alive. At length from hearing a heavy breathing, as frnm a person in a deep sleep, he put his hand upon the breast, and found the heart of the perion distinctly beating ; be 'hen to"k bold nf his hand upon the fore linger of which he felt a ring, which he imme diately drew off as quietly as possible, and put upon his own. Being by this time pretly well con vinced that his visitor waa no iehtbilaut of tbe other world, cwne to tormeot mor tals fortheii sins, his fears entirely for sook him, and he could think with calm ness upon Ihe strange ad venture which had befallen him, aud for tbe meaning of which he waa unable to fjrm even Ihe shadow of an idea: After lying foranme time, the Apparis tion got up and left the room, as silently, as she entered it, leaving Mr- Anderson, in a complete state of bewilderment : for although he had almost proof sufficient ihatshe was a being of tleah and b ond, yet, her manner of entering and leaving the room, and her ailenee whilst there, al most made him doubt the evidence of his senses, and he could scarcely persuade himself that what he had aeen. waa /not the work of his own imagination. ¦'awa kened by what he had heard the previous eveniog from Mr. Thomion, hut at length when 'he circumstance of the ring came into his memory, it put the matter beyond a doubt, aud he could only limy -himself with conjecturing, who tbe person could be who had so unceremoniously intruded herself into his apartment at midnight. Mr Anderson thus lay ruminating until towards morning, when he fell into a kind of troubled sleep, from which he waa awakened by a loud knocking alhia cham ber door. In the morning, when matt d the guests had made their appearance, Mr. Thomson, with some concern, no iced the absence or Mr Anderson, who bad not yet risen. MVhy, haw is this, amid Mr Thom son, ' here's my friend Anderson, no'- up yet. why, I always thought he whs a very early liser," 1 Wilhani,' continued Mr Andereoc, to the atewart, ' enquire it" aoy ope has., seen him yet, he may have walked out without my perceiving him. William soon returned, saying that Mr Anderson bad uot yet beau seen, 'Blest me,' exclaimed Mr Thompann,' I hope nothing has happened. I am almost sorry that I put btm into that chamber. Wil liam, gu instantly and cell Mr Anderaon that breakfast ii ready.' William accordingly went tn the door of the Hacnted Chamber, and alter knock ing some time succeeded in waking its sleepy occupant- Mr Anderson imme diately dressed himself and proceeded to the breakfast parlour, where the family and the lew. guests who had not taken their departure were assembled, they all im mediately noticed tbe haggard and worn ' out looks of our adventurer. ' 3ood morning,' commenced Mr Tbomp son, are began to imagine that the hub- goblins, whom you last night appeared to treat with auch contempt, hid carried you off.' ' But," continued he, jo a less animated tone, ' I am suresomethlug'very extraordinary must have happened by your lookx, as I never saw yop look so miierable and depressed befote,' 'Indeed,' said Alt Anderson ' you arc quite correct, something very extraordinsry has hap pened, that is, if I am to believe, that I am not entirely bewllohed, o! which I begin to have my fexrs, but however it may be. I will, some time give you a recital of what hss tcanfpired during my night's .sojonrn in the Haunted Chamber, but at' :prerent I would not with to depress the. -epirz'i of your family and triends by a narrative of what I have witnessed, jf in deed, it is any mors than the idle workings of a diiUtrbed fancy.' .Ob, Mr Anderson' exclaimed- Bevetal -of the younger portion of his audience, ' do begin at once, I do so jlong to hear a teal Ghost Slbry." ' Well/'" -said Anderson, i( yoiif will hoys it, why I suppose I m urt "'I yon allabuui it.' Accordingly whilst tb'ey were at break- fait he related tbe circupnUncsi to them, when he had fi ntshed j RflkpArss be gan, Well, now Anderma illjat.ean yon make of .all thla fiat :tb»t it. was a dream, causcj ' fiy .'bfcr 'coavergation" of the prhvioue evening.' ' Yea- IndeeiJ/ eaid another, it could have leen nothing ; bat thai.' " Bat lbe ring, '<He" ring/ Anderaon, ' Aye,Jthe ringnfiat became of that V exclaimed several of his auditors in ft breath, Mr Apderspn now produced the ring. Mr Thdmpl'on lonked nt it — his color ckftnged to a deadly pafoness, — lie sp- peared a few - moments to be agitated by the moat violent emotions which he was endeavouring tu auppresi, ' Louisa,' said he at length, turning to his youngest daughter, n yOBeg lady of abnuljeigliteeu, ' L nuisa, is p?t this your ring,' The young lady looked at it, ' Yea Father, it certainly it mine, aaid she, then turning tu Mr Anderson, continued, 'Sir, may 1 ask how this ring came into your possess ion.' ' In the manner I hive described to you, Miss,' ssid he. ' Sir.' aaid Miss Thompson, You are deceiving us, that ring could uot have come into your pos session tn that way, as I wore it yesterday and yoti must have employed Borne means to obtain it, utlier than what you state, and for what reasons you alone can tell.' Miss Thomson,' said Anderson, so lemnly, ' I assure you, upon my word as a gentlrman, that 1 h»ve stated nothing but the truth, and also, that that ring 1 took from off tbe finger of my female visi tant, aa 1 have before related to you.'- 'Enough,' said Mr Thomson. I cannot douhl the word of Mr Anderson, whom T know to be a nun of h mor, I csunnt dis believe what he so f clem tily affirms, al though jt ia lo me nil' unaccountable1' Here a most cmbarrxsring silence of a few minutes ensued, which was at length broken hv Mr Thomson ; who speaking to Anderaun, said,' Now, Mr Acdersuc, 1 thiuk as Luuita has been to your bed, that it ie high time you shuuld be entitled to .ber, -ht i< a g-iol girl, though it ia her father says ii, ' continued the old gentleman, with tears in his eyes ; 1 such as she it you have my consent to take her if you esn only obtain her own good will I will give her £10,009- on tbo day of her marriage, and there will be a trifle more nt my death, and I have no doubt of yourliving happily together, as a duti ful daugh'er always makes a good wife, but atpiesent wc will dismiss the subject, as I see our friends are not enjoying them selves as they ought. After breakfast Aaderaoa took the opportu nity of a private walk with Louisa to urge hie xuit, which he did eo esccaisfullj, ther before , (bty returned ro the haute he hsd her full end free cobsent to flnelly smog metiers with her father. Within s month from thiv lime a wed. ding took place at the inenxtuo of Mr. Tbontaun, and before night Mr. Anderson and bik young and lovely bride were xtfely arrived io the greet uieLropuliB. Now for a word or two in explanation, It appears (bit about two years before ibe occur rence of the events narr-tcd. e detachment nf Cavalry had been quartered in Halifax, x young iientenant having met with Mho Louita Ihomp- aon at a bill, be succeeded in ao tar ingratiating himself into ber favour that n private correo- ateoce wax established between litem, and which waacerrlrd on by oiearii of teller., which were faateaed to a string suspended from the window of tbe apartment in which Mr Anderaon slept oti the uight of hii visit to the Mansion, end which bad for eoine lime betore bceo untenanted; it waa tbe euatom of M itl Thompson to go into tbe chamber at night, draw up the airing, aod take her lover'x letter Irtun it Leaving another 4n itl stead. After some few moutha, tbe Kegi> tnent to which the young officer belonged waa ordered to India, and all further corretpondence cea-ed between ihrm, bat be had taken ,o deep a hold upon the effirctions of the young lady, that she waa io,netitnea in the habit nf going io her eleep to the window where she had for merly gone for the lettere ; ihli having been observed by come of the aerveuta, lied given rile to the report of the chamber beiog ireuoled. it now only remains to explain the crrcuuratioce of the candle xod fire going out aa uiyiteriourly on the uigltt of Mr Anderson's stopping there ; it will be remembered that it wac a rery windy oigbt ; now tbe ceeemrnt where Mr itodersuu put tbeligbl bad x broken pane in it, therefore at every sudden end violent gu»t of wind it steceaaxrily exunguiibed the candle. The chim ney being x straight one without any covering at the lop, the rein trickled down the sides and Imperceptibly ay it were, extinguished the fire. After spending the Houeyiuuon iu London, Mr Anderson returned to Haillax where Mr Thompson xisiiLed him to eitablub himself i n troaineu. end where to o few years ho acquired a large fortune when be removed lo a huuae within a abort distance of hie father in law where he still lives, surrounded by a riling family, sod rememheriug to this day, with pleasure, bia adventure with the SOMNAM BULIST. TYMOTHY TYilPAN, Metboarne. July 9, 1647. 