European march news. (From the IIon.mit Town Ativritirsrn, July 2) Private letters have been rrceivrel by tlie overland mail frum Sir George Arthur. They contain the important intelligence that thai eminent personage having been unable to ac cept the high olliiv of Governor General of India, is pressed to aeccpt the office of Go- vernor General of Australasia — the head quarters being fixed, owing to the salubrity of the climate, at lloliart Tow n. We shall re. juice, for the sake of the colony, if such an nrrangement is carried out, and shall endea- vour to ferret out whatever particulars are come-at-able for Friday. A rumour of the death of Sir George Arthur has gained general trcdence. The intelligence has been received from Siltgt- porc, being liruughlout by Major Wraiighlun, a passenger in the Scout. He states that it was there generally believed. His death, if the report is true, look place in February, a short time after he had been sworn in a Privy Counsellor. The Friend of India mentions with confi dence the continuance of I.ord Hardinge in the office of Governor-General. We subjoin the article. It also copies from a Bombay paper the story that Sir George Arthur, during Ins five years' Government of Bombay, had been enabled to save a fortune of fire lakhs of rupees (£50,000), but another Bombay paper afterwards fully explains it. We rejoice sincerely to find that that eminent personage lias been enabled to realise the means uf sus taining the honours of the peerage, which It is expected will be conferred upon him. The following arc the two articles to which we refer i — The Konibay Gentleman's Gasettc stairs that, during the four years and three months in which Sir George Arthur enjoyed the Go vernment of Bombay be amassed a little for- luue of fivrlaklisof rupees. We had always understood tluit the salary of that appointment was £10,000 a year ; and it sounds odd that a Governor should be able to save more than the whole amount of his salary. Hut the tlumlmj/ Witness clears up the enigma In stating that the Governor has 1 0,000 rupees a month, as a personal allownncr, 5000 rupees a month for household expenses, 5000 rupees a year for the Qurcn's birthday dinner, and also an establishment of servants kept up at the public expense. Yet the expenses in which the Governor of tiombay is necessarily subject must be small in comparison with those which fall on the Deputy Governor of Bengal, who has the dignity of Government to maintain in the metropolis of British India, and all the endless demands of charity, w hich begin w ith him who stands at the head of society , to meet —and upon the same allowances w hich lie rn- joyed as a member of Council ! It is a burning stiamc that any man should be allowed to sus tain the responsibilities of Deputy Governor in Calcutta, while the Governor General is away, without receiving any additional allow- ances. The \Yrlli.noton SrATt-r.. — Lord Mor peth said it was the intention of the Govern ment to remove lite statue from its present site, and tliat men were already engagrd In doing so. He tiad always understood from members of the sub- committee that they were bound to remove it at their own expense. Srr.au Navigation in Australia. — Mr. F. Scott inquired of the honourable gentle man, tin Under Secretary of Suite for tbr Colonies, wbrUirr it was the intention of the government to grant for the current year any, and what, sums of money to assist privatr en terprise in steam navigation in Australia and New Zealand P Mr. llawrs admitted the inqiortaner of the subject to which the lion, gentleman had rc- fcrrrel, but alt that lie (Mr. Haucs) could at present say in answer to the question of the hon. gentleman was, that several plans had been laid before tbr noble lord the Secretary of State for the Colonial Department, hut that his noble friend was not prepared at the present moment to express any opinion in favour of any our or other uf liirm. Thr subject had occupied the altentiuii of his noble friend, and would continue to do so. but be was not art prepared to promise the advance of any public money for the promotion of the object which the hon. gentleman roiilem- platrd. He (Mr. Haw.sj Would lake the present opportunity of observing, that if tbr putirs themselves who urrr connected with the colonies of Australia ami New Zealand, should cviiirr a disunion to promote that object, they would, in his ojunion, very much facilitate the obtaining of a grant of public money for assisting the steam navigation with those colonics. I'olanu Arrouuts from Warsaw state that numerous persons had be.-tt atrestid at that eity. A regiment uf Russian troops of tin- line, and a detachment of Cossacks, have hem stationed on the frontier of Cracow . The military inamruvirs whirh were to take place in I'oland in the summer have hi en |>-.,»t- J rotted till October next, owing to the l.rrq- ror's intention to accompany the Kn.prcvs ti. theCtimea. Frum the Crimea the En.peroi intends proceeding lo the Caucasus, to inspire more energy to the tr.e.pv by bis prnnice, and lake a general survey of the country. It is in vain that many of the forests have been cleared ; the men quartered mot still still, r from various disraws. A litter from War saw, March 7, gives a report tiiat a )« rsou had been taken mtorustod) foi saying merelv. ' I am a l'ole.' l'rince de Joinville was to start for Toulon, to superintend the aiming of the squadiun lie was to command in the spring, and it si is stated that lie was to leave the Mediterranean, and visit the French colonies. Win, knows but his ltoval Highness, if lie comes as far as Tahiti, may pay list- Australian continent a visit . la-tleis from Naples announce that a reran- ciliation lias takrn place between the I'lince of Capua and his brothel, the K.ng of Njphs. The wife of the foliar is to be re-reiscl at court, and is to have the title of Duchess .if Miscall. The l'rince is to he allowed an appanage of li'J.OOU ducats, and arre-ais to the amount of 150,000 ducats. His sons, a« I'lintes, arc to receive the annual income of G000 ihicals, and a mattiage pottioii of 30, 000 ducats. litis news had caused a gtealseusa- lure. M.adeir.oire lie Mars, the crhbrated actress, died at fans, on Saturday, in the Ocitl, year of her .age. lite Dowager Baroness of Na- t»rp. Mariana Sessi, who, during upwards of thilty years, filled with tllllMiuii-leil rel.,1 the pail of prima donna on the tlnaties of S-.n ( ailo at Naples, of the Scala at Milan, and the till. on at pares, lM)|y du,| al Vienna, after n short illness, aged 76. latteis fiom Vienna tutc that England, I r. nice, and Austria, have eunrludrd a treaty Willi the lone for piercing the Isthmus .if Sucr. Ily vis tire- of this treats, Austria is to undertake tire- woil.s the roast and in the port of Alexandre.! ; the regulating the rourse of the Nile is to be at the t xj-nae of Egypt; France to undertake tl„. roads through the desert ; mid England to re-store llie pint of S i.r, and to lunstrnrt tin- b.a;i»s and all other necessary est.aldislin.ents. Tile Dublin eorresjHmdeiit of the Moiusitp I'ost writes on llie llth instant : — " I have learned on very good authority, that the utlairs of' Conciliation Hall' are being wound up, and that the concern may be regarded us about lo rinse. It is in debt to the ami nut of nearly £2,000. " Every letter fiom Madrid," sav s the Doits/ iVfii-r of last Thursday, " tells the same tale, gives thr same picture- of the ne -wly-nt irrird collide. Hon Franrisro, the King Consort, after moping alone and unhappy all day, listening lo the prophecies of an inspired nun, and believing liimsrlf favoured by thr visitation of the Holy Ghost, displaying in short every symptom of bigoted idiutcy . creeps to bed at ten o'eloek in the evening. Her Majesty Queen Isabella retires to slumbn about the hour when Iter husband Don Fran cisco is rising. Hrr srrupulous run- is. if jKissible, nrver to meet hint; never to allow her regard to fall upon the odious pcison.ii;. to whun the nsosol King of the French s.irii- ficed her — bit ambassador assuring her, that if she did not ntarry Don Francisco she should never marry any one. " We shall not follow the young quern through her daily seainpering and her mid night racket, which evinre her loyal eagciii. ss lo drawn care in noise, domestic li.isny in bustle, nnd in the semblance of pleasure. No serious blame can he attached to her eonduet. except that it is not of that dignified and or derly kind which Spaniards requite even in dissipation, and the want of which in that country monstrously diminishes the res|H-rt and loyalty which should hedge tile thtunr. When any courtier, holder than the rest, ven tures to hint that inconsiderate lu-lreviout in her Majesty hath the terrible ctlccct of in- ercasing the chances and partisans of the Comic de Monlemtilitl. Isabella is said to reply . with a deep feeling of weariness ami disgust, that her cousin is welcome to take a throne stuffed for her w ith thorns, and shared by an idiot." The tiiljngs from Portugal are equally un satisfactory. Although the Queen's cause lias been slightly in the nse.ndant on the score of occasional sneerssrs m skirmishes with the rebel army, the insurgents still re main uusuliducd and in possession of Dpirio. Well informed partirs on tire sj-it attribute the rea-olt wholly to a determination on the part of the rebels not to pay taxes There- are many difficulties in the way of hringmg tlirsc obxlrcporous gentlemen to their s.-nvis, and the general opinion is that the w ., r must be eventually srttli-d by British m. illa tion. Meanw hile, Colonel Wv hie remains at Lisbon as I/ird Paltin-rston's jieaeifuily emis sary, and whilst Das Aulas alletn.at.ly adds to nnd diminislirsbisforerbydrfrrtion.nl both sides, Sal. lanha (w liose inertness in not in vesting Uporlo long ago is a general theme of complaint) remains on tire banks of tbr Douruu passive s|»cctatnr. 