THE VOLUNTARY PRINCIPLE. TO TH H EDITOR OT TBS ROUTH AUSTRALIA*. SIB - Ob»er*iiig in your paper or Tuesday aa article 8!t>atd J. S.." ¡n which the writer asks, " What can induce people to join the Dissenters, or why do they not leave them ?" permit me to answer his queries by giving one or two short plain reasons. J. S. gives two reasons himself- first, because they were educated to the principles of Dissent. The full_ fores of this reason I grant ; so l secondly. because amongst Dissenters, they can be more important sad leading people than they could in the Established Church ; this, also I grant to a certain extent, vii., that they are so by the too great facilities given them to become Iay preachers ; but J. S.'s second reason is too sweeping and general, it applies more particularly to one denomination alone, namely, the Methodists. In England, lay preaching among the Independents and Baptists is almost unknown. I admit that ii has spread to too great an extent in this colony, from the force of circumstances ; but those great denomina tions of Christians in the Mother Country repudiate the idea that every tailor and cobbler, grocer and cheesemonger, is fitted or qualified to expound the word of Christ ; and from the gross ignorance, con« ceited vanity, and- in some cases—open immorality which has attended the preaching of many of these lay preachers, I am afraid more damage has been done to the cause of religion than would equiponderate to the amount of the united good they have performed. They have certainly not, themselves, learned the Apostles' precept to be 'Slow to speak, swift to hear ;". but have presumptuously thrust themselves into the teacher's chair, without warrant or invitation. I know the old assertion, of the first Apostles, and Disciples, being illiterate men will be brought forward as their authority, but the outpouring of the HOLY GHOST upon them was as undoubtedly miracles as Moses' smiling the rock to bring forth the water, and can in no manner bear out their argument unless they also can lay claim the same miraculous dispensation. But I promised to give I. S some more particular reasons for dissent, and I must redeem my pledge, by naming one or two »at of macy. l«t. Christ is the ¡ so'e Head of H¡s Church, and m.-n have no right ?o | ! make additions (o His constitution, «-r infringe tb» t Crown rights of the Redeemer. 2nd. I cotisider I ¡ have a right of private joignant ia all matters of reiigiou. and hat it is not the prerogative of the chief j magistrate, or of the legislature, to think for me. ] 3rd. I object io the Church of Gangland's authority. ! ia matters of faith, rites, and ceremonies, as expressed i in their 20 h article. 4:fl. Tb« reading of fixed j Church prayers are i««tn!'.y «ppn^ed to the practice of the first 3 '0 years of Christianity. There is need, indeed, of the seraphic ardour of a saint in (leaven, n*y, of Gabriel'« fue, to maintain a spirit of liveiy devo'ion to the daily and weekly repetition of the same things. 5th. I object to (he creeds adopted in Hie Established Church of Kokland, pa rt inn! ai I y the Athanasian, which, by the by. contradicts the Nicene creed. 6th. The prohibition of parents to present their own children in baptism is a peculiar hardship, as well as an unscriptural practice. 7th. I object to the kneeling at the Lord's Supper. The original and proper posture was sitting, because the ordinance was instituted to express the love and condescension of , Chi 131 to His d¡*c¡p'e=, and «he intimacy of I heir ' friendship. 3th. I object to the system of patrimony, gifts being in the hands of ministers of state, country squires and noble lords ; and it has too often hap- pened that infidels have appointed the highest officers in the church of Christ —a Deist choosing a Christian Bishop, and appointing him to a diocese The mind is confounded at such a scene. Who can help being a Dissenter ? I have thus named eight reasons for being a Dissenter, which J. S. has over- looked. If he wishes for it. I will name him eighty more ; perhaps, however, he has had enough for the present. I am, Sir, Sec., AN INDEPENDENT. Adelaide. Dec. 1, 1847. I ----------- 