THE DEFINTTION OF THE BOUV- | DARY 1.1NE I! ET WEEN AUSTRALIA FELIX AND SOUTH AUSTRALIA. We adverted in a late publication, to tiro i circumstance nf a number of Settlers having waited upon His Honor tiie Superinteniieut, a-skimr liitn to tako steus to have the Boun- dary Line between this and the province of South Australia defined, and also to have the sly grog-shops, existing in that locality, suppressed. Sir. La Trobe pro mised to represent the matter at bead quarters ; and it is to be hoped that he will not forget it. 'Twere, indeed, " a consum mation devoutly to be wished for." Afror I what was elicited in the evidence of Dr. j M'Donald and others, at the Supreme Court in the course of atrial lately, it is high time, we think, that this reasonable 1 reoqn'rt. should be complied with, and are 6t mu u miuu., m w crfi ' diate attention ; and should the affair be 1 properly represented to tiie Government, I wo are confident steps will very soon be taken to carry out the wishes of "the Depu tation. It is an enormous and a growing evil, and one, we think, tiie Government cannot Jong shut their eves upon. Tho present lawless 6tate of the" country alon the Boundary Line, is such as demands im mediate and complete redress. The de batable ground, or "no-man's-land," as it is called by 6omc, is at present the arena of all kinds of villiany ana vice ; — the laws are broken In the very face of the police, sta tioned by the South Australian Government at Mount Gambier, who, in consequence of I not knowing iQ what province the varioas deeds of villiany have been enacted, liave been compelled merely to look on, and shrug their shoulders, without the power to suppress vice, or to punish villainy. Such a state of things is truly lamentable, and merits instant attention and energetic mea sures. Wc call upon the Government, therefore, to respond tothe demand made upon them, and to proclaim the Boundary Line as far as it has been surveyed. Our ouly wander is, that this was not done long ago. Had it been dune soma years tiince, what an amount of toil and trouble would it not have s&ved; the various parties who have gone tliilherin search of runs ! The Settlers, who from first pos- ses&on; — and possession is generally ac counted nine points of the law, had the best right to " Squattages" on which they had sat down, would liave been protected from the lawless intrusion of marauding inter lopers : the heart-burnings, the petty jea- lousies, of rival run- hunters would have found no scope for their (in some instances) heartless manoeuvres, and the rogues who hare hitherto set the authority of both Go vernments at naught, and laughed to scorn there hitherto imbecile measures, would have found no place in the land. We say, and we say it fearlessly, and without terror of contradiction, that if the mcosorea oj both Govorzunents hod not been charac ter Bed by the slow, snail-like aspect which has hitherto been their distinguishing fea ture, that the Neutral Ground would have been far more flourishing than it now is, and less of the bold rogueries which now disgrace it, would have been perpetrated. Bat it is sufficient for us to aay, tliat our present rulers cannot mpch longer with- hold the petty boon which they ore now asked to grant. Self-interest, if nothing olse will, should induce them to accede to the very reasonable request of the Squatter on the Boundary Line. We could name several Settlers, who have for some years paid not the ghost of a farthing for licence or assessments on stock, and who would have been glad to have paid, to have hod the glorious certainty of knowing that their runs were safe. They cannot now be asked to pay the arrears, and therefore, as we'have'said before, self-interest, the dis tinguishing motto of tiro Sydney Govern ment, the mo6t powerful lever by which they are actuated, should have prompted them long ago to have " done a deed," which would have pat several hundred more pounds into their very bapacioas pockets. The surveying party, under the charge of Mr. Wade, has mode sufficient progress," to induce the Government to proclaim, at least, a portion of the Boundary Line. That partv, according to onr latest advices, has reached tho Maria Scrub, where it will remain fothawetmonths it is, there-, foreg getting beyond the. thickly settled portion of the line. Havijig pointed oat to the Government the :duty tneumbent "'on them, wn take onr. leave of th& subject by a&Vtag; them will they do it ? We pause for a reply. 