GERALDINE. A TALE O. OONSCIENRO. CHAP. XIII. During the next few weeks, Geraldine was ac .cordingly- busied .in the perusal of the Church histories, recommended to her: and, dissatisfied as she.had been with the first volume of Milner, she nevertheless went steadily through the whole work, particularly noting the belief and practice of the Christians, during the ages acknowledged to be pure by the Church of England, of which the Rev. Joseph Milner was an ordained minister. " Well might Mr. Everard warn me not to expect to find just the doctrines of the Thirty-nine Articles, and .othing more, in the early centuries," cried she, as she. closed the last volume of the work, and turned to the notes, which she had previously made, of the instructions of the learned Warden,-her retentive memoiry having enabled her to recall and fix his very words. * * * "The Church of England refers her sons to a standard of interpre tation, collected from 'thelaithority of ages. The appeal is made to a pure and holy time in the Uni versal Christian Church, against this brawling self autficient age :" and then followed, in reply to some inquiry,-" She (the Church of England) receives all tiheprimitive creeds, and the first four General Councils, and submits to the common assent of the Fathers, during the first five centuries of the Ca tholic Church."' Again, on farther search through her notes, Geraldine found,-"- I have most assuredly told you, that our holy and apostolic Church of Eng. land, does claim those first five centuries, which the Romsnists also.claim. Give them up the early ages of the Church, and they may indeed charge us with heresy I for departure from the Church is most guilty..in the sight of God, who has declared, that those who hear her not, are as heathens." " If I were to rely on Milner," thought she, " I robat be compelled to give up the first ages to the Romanists ; for he groans over the corruptions and superstitions of those times too much, to have a claim on them. Come forth then, at length, Mos heim; for I hear thou art an accurate and honest chronicler !" and Geraldine, too anxious and excited to feel fatigue, commenced anew theinvestigation of the rites and ceremonies, as well as of the faith and practice, of the Christian Church, during the first five centuries. She imparted to no one the result of her fresh'labours, till, one morning, entering the library at an hour, when, as she expected, she found Mfr. Everard alone, she laid her hand on his book, to gain his attention, and entreated him to hear what she had to say. The old gentleman looked up smi ling,. but started when he observed'the swollen eyes and pale cheeks of his favourite, and inquired anxiously what had befallen her P" Geraldine, without replying to his question, said, with forced composure, ", Mr. Everard, I know you to be, noted for your historical accuracy. I know also, that, although -accused of being a dreaming *jeculatist on impossibilities, you are withheld by no. party feeling from seeing clearly the truth, I come, therefore, to tell you, and you alone, the result of my researches into Protestant Church His tory. I find, during the first five centuries: " First; that the Apostolical command, to anoint the dying with oil, and to pray over them, was cori stantly observed. " Secondly ; That an intermediate state of purl fication for the soul, after death, was an article of faith. " Thirdly ; Thatthe sign of the Cross was uni versal in the Church. " Fourthly; That the consecrated elements were held up to the view of the people. " Fifthly; That miracles attended the preaching of Chiiit?iinity aiid, "Sixthly; That the prayers of the martyrs were invoked, and that supplication was made for the faithful departed: I find, also, that the first four Councils, which were received by our'Church, con firmed all these things as articles of faith against heretics; and, in short, Mr. Everard, the perusal of these Protestant histories of the Church has again unsettled my mind, and:I am once more as miser able as when the Warden arrived, and gave me tem porary comfort, byhlolding out to me the Church of England. as the firm and gentle mother, in whose bosom'I was to rest in peace." As Mr. Everard only uttered his usual exclamation of " Well!" Geraldine continued :-To begin with the Sacramentof the Dying, let me again ask you, dear Sir, what reason our Church can possibly have for rejecting it! Surely, from the definition given in the catechism, of an' outward-and visible sign of an Inward spiritual grace, ordained by Christ him self.' ----" "Stop there," cried Mr. Everard, " the Warden would tell you, that ' Christ himself did not institute this anointing of the dying, and that it is, there fore, rejected as a Sacrament by the Church of England.'" " What an unworthy quibble !". returned 'Geral dine, "for, when Christ ascended on high, and received gifts 'for men, did he not send the Holy Ghost, to ' lead them into all truth P and did not the Holy Ghost inspise the sacred writers P St. James too, who (with Peter and John) was the constant and favored friend of our Lord, might well be trusted to have knowr his blessed will, even without inspir ation; but when guided by the Holy Spirit ! Oh.! Mr. Everard, what are all these modern writers, and framers of articles, -compared to an inspired Apostle i How can they dare to disobey the plain 'words of Scripture,:and why does the Church of •England admit this epistle at all,.if she is merely to follow the part of it which suits her, and to reject the rest P'" " Well ! Luther so far agreed with you, that he was for rejecting the epistle altogether, * as an epistle of straw,'" said Mr. Everard. * "Yes ! and what impious presumption:!" cried Geraldine. " But your mention of Luther,.reminds me to tell you, that I have, during this last silent month, read also the lives of most of the First Re formers, namely those of Luther, Calvin, 'Melancthon, Bucer, together with the history of the rise of the different Protestant communities after the separation from Rome'; and the conclusion Is, that the modern evangelical world is the only thing to which I can liken the dogmatism, coupled with unceasing vacillation, the violence, the recrimination, and total want of brotherly love, to be found amongst the revolutionists of the sixteenth century." " Bravo I" cried Mr. Everard, " so you have at length adopted my word for the Reformation P' " I have," replied Geraldine, "for I find my uncle's account to have been perfectly correct, when he told me, that ' the continental Reformers were not content with pruning and paring from the ancient Church, but that they up-rooted, devastated, demolished; and.that the result of their impetuous and extravagant career was this, that there was scarcely one prominent corruption of the Romish times, which could not be contrasted by its opposite error amongst the English dissenters, and Scotch and continental Reformers.' * * Therefore, my search into their history has only served to drive me back to the Church of England, as the only Protestant community which can lay claim to the controlling influence of a duly appointed priesthood, uninterrupted from the first ordination by Christ our head." ' Well! and now you are falling out with this Church, because she has curtailed the number of the Sacraments, abolished prayers for the dead, and for. bidden the invocation of the Saints, the adoration of the Eucharist, and belief in miracles. Is that it P Why, Geraldine, you do not believe in these things yourself I" " No," replied she, " I certainly do not. But what has that to do with it !" Mr. Everard started -" 1I mean," continued she, " that the truth or falsehood of this belief must be tried by some surer touchstone than my reception or rejection of it, for certainly I do not pretend to infallibility. You were present, Mr. Everard, I remember, when my uncle having proved the necessity of a visible Church, of which the ministers should possess authority from Christ' their head, to teach the ignorant, and duly administer the Sacraments, I was anxious to be assured, past all farther doubt, that my Church did possess that unerring authority, and that when she separated from the corruptions of Rome, she had re-. tained that which I felt to be true faith,and not pre sumptlon, namely, the guidance of the Holy Ghos -in one wordl Infallibility.' I was surprised that the Warden should even attempt to make distinction between these, for they cannot be disunited ; but, If you recollect, hie ended his defence of the eonvo. cation, held in London in 1571, by saying, that if the Church of England hesitated in claiming the high title of , infallible,' she is nevertheless the guardian and defender of that which was, and is, infallible, namely, the faith once delivered to the Saints, and that she was, therefore, worthy of implicit trust." " Yes," replied Mr. Everard, " I zemember all that." " Il then asked," continued Geraldine," whether 1 might sete[my mind at rest by this conviction, that as the Church.of England is, in essentials, exactly the same with the early Cathohlc.Church of the first five centuries, Inasmuch as that Church was infalli. ble, because still pure from its apostolic founders, so also is the Church of England ; but she cannot en force anythifig that Is not proved to have been held by that early Church, and of course (now; listen, Mr. Everard) must not deny anything clearly flow ing from that apostolic source. My uncle replied, \- you are right, Geraldine;' and after that final con versation, the most interesting study to me was of course the history of tbhe early Church, where I ex pected to find, until you damped my ardour, the exact belief and steady practice of the' Book of Common Prayer,' and of our articles ; in fact, I had misgivings but on one point, the sacrament.of anionting the dying. Yoil may imsgliie, then my surprise to find our Protestant historians groaning over the lamentable superstitions of those very cen turies, which by some unaccountable inconsistency the Church of England calls pure'-or must I not rather be compelled to think, by some inexcusable doctrine of expedlency, for while' all other communt- ties boldly'renounce apostolic succession, and with- out scruple leave the ancient Church, the Church of England says ' No, we must not give up these high claims and consequent authority, and therefore we must wink at the difference between our modern be lief and that of the early Church !' and the conse quence," added Geraldine, half-laughing in spite of her vexation, " the consequence of all this winking has been, that they have fairly gone to sleep ;'-for when people mistrust their faith they always negilect their practice; they must stand or fall together. Now, what on earth can I do P tell me, Mr. Ever ard, for." feel great difficulty in carrying my pre sent perplexity to my uncle;" " Do you think then," said he, " that the War den has no answer to give you P" ":Indeed I knon not what -he can say, when'the substance of my complaint will'be, that from the evidenceof two standard Protestant historians he has deceived me, and that, if a party of the early Christians were to be resiscitated, and come amongst us, we should;find them all rank Papists." " He will tell you this," said Mr. Everard," that you must not he staggered by finding, even in the apostles' days, the germs of those abuses, which in lapse of centuries grew to so flagrant an excess; and lhe will repeat whathe has already told you, that it was not till after the Council of Trent that these abuses, which hitherto had been only those of prac tice, were confirmed and made articles of faith.".. "Yes, 'yes," said Geraldine, " how well you re member. - and how completely I had forgotten-oh yes, here is the note-I made on that part of my uncle's instructions,"' and she read aloud from her little note book (p. 44):- "' The Church of Rome was corrupt in practice long before she was corrupt in principle: and al though it would be difficult to defend some of the dogmas of preceding councils, slhe was not perhaps really schismatic till the Council of Trent. This is the date when those errors in practice which l1Rd crept in, and by degrees had been vaguely admitted, re ceived the fatal stamp of Church authority, and, by this act of self-destruction, cut herself off from the pure and Scriptural Church, and from that time be came as a dead branch.' "-I am very much obliged to you, Mr. Everard, for recalling this to my memory. I shall not trouble my uncle any more; but the nest thing to -be done is to read the acts of all the councils, espe cially that of Trent, together with that previous and important one. which I always concluded to have been tihe most guilty, and meant to question my uncle about, namely, the fifth general council ; for, if the Church of England receives the four first, as inspired by the Holy Ghost, there must have been something very particular in the fith, to have made the Church of England reject it. Now, where can I read the decrees of all the councils; for I will fairly tell you, Mr. Everard, that I must now read every thing for myself. I have been deceived respecting the resemblance between tihe primitive Church and that of England, and have therefore become suspi cious and on my guard against being soothed and persuaded into remaining in a Church that is not guided by the Holy Ghost: a Church which I wasee assured was infallible, only inasmuch as sihe resem bled another from which I find she essentially dif fers! She claims four general councils, and, I therefore conclude, she would date the apostacy of the ancient Church from the guilty acts of the fifth ; but no i I am now directed on to the last general council ever held, as the date when the Holy Spirit no longer ruled the decisions of the Church ! Wihat then am I to think of these half-admitted, half-ref jected intermediate councils P and what became of Christ's promise to be with the rulers and pastors of His Church, always even unto the end of the world P I must have particulars of the fifth council. Where was it convoked P" " At Constantinople," replied Mr. Everard, " and condemned the heresy of Macedonius against the divinity of the Holy Ghost." " Now, can the Church of England venture to doubt this council P" inquired Geraldine: " Oh i she cannot, it would be impossible; I thought the fifth council had been .that of Constance." " No, the Council of Constance was the six teenth,' xeplied Mr. Everard, " only one inter vening between it and the Council of Trent." s' And'what were tihe circumstances and order of its meeting ?" " It was convened as usual," said he, " to decide on novelties advanced by heretics; and, as the Councils of Ephesus and Chalcedon had set at rest for ever in the Church, thie questions agitated on the twofold nature of Christ, against Nestorius in tihe one, and Eutychius in the other, so, in that of Constance did the Church decide against the errors of John Huss. " " Of John Huss P" echoed Geraldine ; " then this sixteenth council was the cruel one that con demned poor Hus." " Yes,', said Mr. Everard, and if the Council of Nice condemned the errors of Arius, and the Coun cils of Constantinople, Ephlesus, and Chalcedon, those of other heretics, why should not the Council of Constance condemn those of Hues P" " I do not exactly know:' replied Geraldine, doubtingly : " to tell you the truth," added site at length, " I know butlittle of the real opinions of Huss, but I know that he was cruelly deceived re specting Iris personal safety at Constance, and that he was burned l" " And therefore," rejoined Mr. Everard, " styled and considered a martyr to the truth. But the truth must rest upon some isurer foundation than the violent death of pious and devoted men. If in the enthlusiasm of your regret and sympathly for the victims of mistaken zeal, you thought yourself bound to embrace their opinions, there would be no end to your vacillations. You would reject tie blessed Trinity, with the murdered Servetus ; receive that mystery again, and with it, all the wondrous belief df the Roman Catholic Church, with tie slaughtered Jesuits of Paraguay'; renounce the, belief in a divinely appointed and visible church, with the tortured Puritans of Scotland; and then ro admit its authority with the Church of England martyr, Archbishop Sharpe 1" " Certainly," replied Geraldine, " the truth, as you say, cannot he established merely by martyr dom; and if.thee articles of belief in a Church do not warrant* the commission of violence, we must attribute these cruel acts to the party rage of a few; though, with respect to Huss, it seems impossible to decide thius charitably, as the whole Council con demned him;" *' The Ecclesiastical Council pronounced his opinions to bo heretical," said Mr. Everard; ", but all that fellowed was the work-of the civil power, and would be as deeply regretted by all ranks and states of Catholics, as those other martyrdoms which 1' have mentioned, would be by thde Calvinists and Episcopalians of the present day." " It would be, indeed, unfair," said Geraldine, " to taunt a pious Calvinist of these times with the murder of Servetus, or that of Archbishop Sharpo s and we of the Church of England, truly feel that the cruelties of the Star Chamber belonged to that age of violence, and not to the tenets of the Eplasco. pallan Churbh.;" " Very true," replied Mr. Everard, " the ages of bloody persecution are passed, thank God !" " And yet," added Geraldine, smiling, " you are such a general explainer and excuser, that I am quite prepared to hear the defence of these perse cutors, if not of the persecutions !" " Well, then," returned he, " you shall not be disappointed. In'treating heresy as a capital crime, the vast importance of salvation was recognised ; while he who' by forgery injured the property of another, or who by violence deprived him of life, was considered less a thief and a murderer than ho, who by evil doctrine would lead him to everlasting death. Now, are you prepared to say that this prin ciple is not borne out by Scripture P" " I remember several texts," said Geraldine, " in which we are told to avoid and fear a heretic, but none that would warrant my slaying him ; except " added she, smiling, ".1 turn to the Old Testament, and hew him to pieces, as Samuel did Agag !" " The principle, on which the Ecclesiastical Court often refused to protect an obstinate teacher of evil doctrine from the civil power," continued Mr. Everard, " was founded oh their firm trustlin a divinely appointed Church, which, in doctrine, could not err. Hence, every spiritual rebel against that Church was considered, not only in vital error himself, which would comparatively signify but little, but by the dissemination of his doctrine, a pest to Society, and therefore, to be as a dead branch, hewn offand cast into the fire." ' But tell me this," said Geraldine, anxiously; '! is it a dogma of the Roman Catholic Church, that persecution is lawful, and that faith is not to be kept with heretics P" " These are no more warranted by the articles of faith in that Church -than any othler of the atrocious calumnies raised against her. The Church pro nounces on the doctrine, not on the person, and, so far from claiming, actually disclaims the power of persecuting. Had I my proper books at hand, I could refer you to the doctrines of Catholic theologi cans, and to the oaths of Brisiah Catholics. You shall see these in course of time. You will do well, however, in the mean while, to turn to somefacts in our British History, in which Protestant faith with Catholics was so openly violated, and the breach of it defended with so little shame, that you will find the aspersed party shining in bright con trast to their accusers. Witness the treasonable desertion of Mary, by the Bishoas Cranmer, Ridley, Latimer, Hooper, Roger Peynel, Sandys, and every other Protestant of note, for no other reason than because she was a Catholic I Contrast this conduct with that of the Catholics, on the succession of her Protestant sister, Elizabeth, when, although the Catholics had become far more numerous and powerful than the Protestants, not a hand was raised against her ! Take a view also on the other side of the Tweed, when the Protestant party had deposed their sovereign, in spite of their oath of allegiance, and where the re former Knox publicly preached that ' neither promise nor oath could oblige any man to obey or give assistance to tyrants against God ;' his colleague Goodman, adding. * If governors fall from God, to tihe gallows with them !'-while BIuchanan main tained that princes might be deposed by their people, 'if they were tyrants against truth, and that their subjects were free from their oaths and obedience. Such also were the maxims of Calvin, Beza, and the Iuguenots of France; but, mark me, recrimination is not argument, and I lead you to search for these, and innumerable other such records of Protestants breaking faith with Catholics, to prove what P why, that the wild fanaticism of individuals is not to be visited on the body ; and in repeating that which you have often heard enforced -namely, that the accredited doctrines of a community are the test by which alone that com munity must be tried, I must add that in vain will the enemies of the Catholic Church seek in her Creed foretbat vile hackneyed calumny of' not keep ing faith with heretics i' but to return to the Coun cil of Constance, and tihe uncertainty respecting its infallibility, what is your present feeling concern ing it P' " Why the case appears to be plainly this," said Geraldine ; "the Church of England almost re ceives the Council of Constance because site cannot afford, in point of date, to vote the Catholic Church guilty, while there was no substance of a Church to oppose to its authority ; and she cannot help almost admitting that the ' private interpretation' of John Huss was no more lawful than that of Arius, of Nestorius, or of Eutychius, against the duly or dained, and duly convened pastors of the Church. But then sire almost rejects both the Council and the admission, because some of the opinions of Huss were adopted at the Reformation, and Huss himself con sidered to be a glorious martyr to the Protestant cause. But I cannot 'almost admit' and * almost reject!' and being obliged to make my,final choice between thie assembled Church and one man, I must stand by the former and receive the Council of Con stance, in spite of my commisseration for John Huss, and my indignation against the Emperor Sigismund." Geraldine having read all she could find in tIhe Protestant library at Elverton Hall, on tie sub ject of the faith of the early Church of England, now made up her mind to ask her uncle for the book hIitherto withheld from her, in which the Catholic Church sets forthlr thie proofs on which she founds hier claim to conformity with tlrose contested ages of pure Christianity, " If I find that this Work," thought sire, " ls but a plausible piece of elo quence, or if it venture to advance anything with out proper references, I shall then so far take com fort, that I shall inquire no farther into the wander ings or the quarrels of any community, but rest where I am, in the nominal Church of England, feeling the utmost sorrow for her hIllowness, her de ceit a but still, finding that shel is no worse than her neighbours. I shall suppose that God has con founded the councils of His Church throughout the world '".,... Geraldine was urged on to make the immediate trial of the conformity of Catholics with the primitive Church, by the approaching depart. ure of tihe Warden for Oxford, and she determined on that very day to state thie result of her inquiry into Protestant Church history, and to petition for the book sent her by Sir Eustacede Grey. Her heart beat violently as she went through her appointed task, although somewhat supported by the presence of Mr. Everard; and she could scarcely articulate her determination to know what was to be 'said on the Catholic side of the question. " The mass of the laity, and especially women," 'said thie Warden, " are not required to possess con troversial knowledge of a Church, against which 'their rulers hlave seen such just cause to protest I" " Indeed, uncle, it appears to me," said Geraldino rallying her courage, "that every woman * pro testing,' should know something of what siare protests against ! Tilere would not only be more justice, but more stability, in her title of Protestant,' which begins now to .appear to mre, when without that knowledge, to be a vague empty name. The Warden's brow was overclauded, and he re plied very gravely, " I had flattered myself, child, that the hours of thought and care I had bdstowed on you had not been thrown away, and that the clear 4nd methodical manner, in which, adapting my in structions to your capacity, I had proved to you that your own Church was the perfect and the true, would have remained stamped on your' memory through life !" " My dear kind uncle," replied Geraldine," believe me that not one link in your chain of argument has been lost by me. I have remembered your very words ; for after each conversation I wrote all down, and will shew you how accurate I have been, when ever you like to see my note book. I never know which the most to admire, whenever I refer to it, the learning, the zeal, or the eloquence, to which I have listened ; and I feel that, on that side of the question which you kindly undertook to defend to me, there can be nothing farther to be said." " Then," said the Warden, " what can you pos sibly require P" " Simply to hear the other side," replied Geral dine. " Cannot you trust the confessors and martyrs of the venerable establishment to which you belong, without exposing yourself to the danger of your own less trustworthy judgment P" returned, the Warden ; " when you shall have heard both sides of a difficislt question, how can you be sure that you will reject the evil and choose the good P" Geraldine paused an instant, and then said timidly, "I think that the Holy Spirit would direct my judg ment !" " "You 'can scarcely hope for the Holy Ghost's directing power in your hehalf," said Dr. Sinclair, with increased solemnity, " when you act in direct opposition to His express command of obedience to the rulers of the church." Geraldine, with equal solemnity, and trembling with emotion, said, " When at the Reformation, those rulers of the Church divided in opinion, the people could not obey both parties ; with whom lay the truth P God knows-I do not; but I claim, as did the early reformers, the right of choice !" ,' Everard !" cried the Warden, with some bitter ness to his friend, " this is your work ! By your dreams of universal conciliation, and your smooth ing away of all vital differences, you have rendered null the work I had thought effected. And this you have done for the second time in my family. Not content with instilling these visions of a reconcili ation with Rome into the mind of the mother, where blessed be God, they remained but as visions, you must now impart them to the daughter, whose cast of mind and disposition it will not do to tamper with ; for with her, nothing remains as a mere theory." " Blame not, Mr. Everard," said Geraldine, distressed at being the cause of even a passing estrangement between the friends; " his plans of universal conciliation and union between Christian sects, would rather incline me to be a Reformer, or, as ihe calls it a ' reviver,' of my own Church, than to hazard leaving it. But, if I may venture to say thus far, I feel that no one could now in fluence me; I must judge for myself. You have assured me that I was right in my conviction, that a Church must hold unalterable truth, and I am determined to investigate which body of Christians Ihave held the apostolic faith unwaveringly down to this day." The Warden, deeply pondering. now left the room. A few days after this conversation, his travelling carriage was at the door, and, after an affectionate, though painful, farewell, the uncle and niece parted ; the former retracing the road to,his college duties, the latter remaining full of thought and emotion, in the solitude of her book-room. (To be continued.) 