To the Editor of the Melbourne Argus. SIR-It is generally understood that a public journal is the instrument through which the voice of the people should be heard-their rights fearlessly and impartially protected, and any principles conducive to their moral welfare and the improvement of their social condition, disseminated and advocated. But when a body of men, who having watched with much concern the rapid and fearful progress and the lamentable effects of a practice by which a man is degraded below the level of the human race-lost to himself, eternally lost have voluntarily stepped forward, devoting a considerable time and attention to the foundation and establishment of a system, having for its object alone- the well being, the ennobling of their fellow men, without hope or wish for pecuniary reward, regardless also of the sneers and difficulties with which they have to contend in their struggles to attain their object. I say, when such a body is unjustly, ungenerously assailed by a public journal with scurrility, it then becomes a duty imperative on the man of feeling, on any man . whose mind contains but one fractional part of the philanthropist, to take up the cudgels in their defence, and hold them up to receive that reward which their efforts so justly claim-the approbation of the thinking world. Permit me, therefore, in your columns to notice a most pitiable and solitary attempt, apparently to draw down the sneer of contempt upon, and to injure in the estimation of the public, the laudable design of those persons who conduct the Juvenile Total Abstinence Society. It was with much astonishment and regret, that on perusing the Gazette issue of the 2nd instant, I observed therein a paragraph having a reference to the Juvenile procession of Tuesday last, replete with misstatements and ridicule, pointed, not at the Juveniles or the procession, but at those individuals to whose exertions the society owes its existence. for the justification of this paragraph I am at a dead loss to create the ghost of an idea. Ridicule it is well known, is one of the most perpetrating and unkind thrusts that can be made at the human breast. With this the writer appears to be sufficiently acquainted, for he has kept it before his eyes from beginning to end. I think the Editor must have been abroad when it was penned, for I will not believe that the Editor of the Gazette in such a case would give birth to such a production. However, be the writer who he may, I envy not the spirit which he so unconsciously displays. It may be inferred from this that I am a Teetotaller, I am not, nor have I ever been. Nevertheless a thing so uncalled for I cannot allow to pass in silence. Being one of the many who highly approve of the operation of the principle, where it is necessary, also where it inculcates in the young mind a beneficial and practical example ; from the practice of which there is nothing to regret but its non-fulfilment. To some this may appear inconsistent. It matters not at present, suffice it to say I am one of those who hold the doctrine to some extent "Train up a child, &c.;" It was the opinion of Napoleon that the child imbibed with its mother's milk the leading principles which characterised the man. There is also an old saying, " Habit becomes second nature." Here then we have holy writ : the opinion of one of the greatest men in modern history, and a generally accepted proverb to encourage us in the formation of the youthful mind. If then the theory is pleasant to the, ear and the understanding, how much more must the practice be to the sense and feeling? Lives there a parent whose heart does not vibrate with emotions of gladness on beholding the child grow up respected and useful and ornamented among men. Then is not the principle of total abstinence in childhood worthy of the support of every good man's Should it not be nurtured in its growth, in the room of being inconsiderately crushed in the opening bud. The existence of Juvenile Societies, with their attendants, processions, meetings, &c.;, is calculated in the highest degree to excite the little ones to honest and virtuous emulation. It is something at which their little ambitions (the ruling principle of man may aspire. Taught in early life to practice temperate habits as a virtue it may in many cases be their pride in manhood. Although in embryo now, yet future years may behold total abstinence the grand chain encircling the social, moral | and religions happiness of the rising generation. Who, then, so inconsiderate , or void of feeling as to point the shafts of ridicule at those men who devote themselves to so noble an end ? Men who have shewn a zeal which none will, none ] can deny. To whom I sincerely say, go and prosper." Trusting that the writer of the paragraph alluded to will profit by these cursory remarks, and thanking your insertion of this. I am, Sir, Your most obedient servant. -M A-N. Melbourne, June 3, 1847. 