THB.ROYAL MARRIAGES IN SPAIN, The P adrid Gazette contains a decree naming the infante Don Francisco d'Aisis Field Marshal (Captairi General) in the army. A chapter of the Order of the Golden Fleece was held off' the lOih instant, at the Palace, for the purpose of cdriferring on the Duke de Montpensier the Grand Collar of-the Order. The Duke d'Aumale acted as: .sponsor; the Infante Don Francisco' .d.. Assis,. his. father, Don Pirncisco de' Paula, and the Duke de Rizariares, were present as knights. The Quiieen and her sister were richly dressed in: whit~e, Don Francisco d' Assis wvore the rich uniform of a field marshal. which was understood to have been a present to him from the Queen- Mother. le was decorated with the insignia of the Golden Fleece and the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor. 'The Dukes of Montpensler and d'Aumale were dressed in the uniform of French generals, they alspo, tore, the Collar of. the Golden Fleece and the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour. The Queen and her.sistcr were given in marriage. by their mother, and the same office was, rendered by. Don Francisco, 'to' his son. The Duke d'Aumale acted as father to the Duke de Montpensier. The witnesses on the part of. Spain were, the Cartanos Duke of Bailen, and the Dukes of Castroterreno and Rianzares; on the part of France4 the Duke d'Aumale, M. Bresson, and Bairon 'Athalin, peer of France: 'The officiating prelate commenced his functions by saying-" Senora Donna Isabella II., of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of, Spain, I demand of your Majesty, and of your Highness, Serene Sir, Don Francisco d'Assis Maria de Bourbon, Infante of Spain, in case you know of any impediments to this present marriage, and why it could not and ought not to be contracted-that is to say, if there exist between your Majesty and Highness impediments of consanguinity, affinity, or spiritual relationship, independently of those impediments that have been dispensed with by his Holiness-if you have made vows of chastity or religion -and, finally, if there exists impediments of any other kind-that you forthwith declaro them. The same I demand of all here present. For the second and third time I make the same demands that you freely discover any impediments you are aware of." " -Aftor some moments of silence, no one replying, the prelate addressed the Queen thus,-'' Senora Donna Isabella II., of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, do you wish for your spouse and husband, as the Holy Catholic, Apostolic, and Roman Church directs, Don Franudisco d'Assis Maria de Bourbon, Infante of Spain ?" The Queen kissed her mother's hand, and being again asked the same question by the Bishop, replied, " Yes I wish." The prelate then said, " Does your Majesty give yourself as spouse and wile to his Serene Highness Don Francisco d'Assis Maria de Bourbon 1" Thie Queen answered, " I do." "' Does your Majesty receive and accept the said infante Don Francisco d'Assi, Maria de Bourbon for you spouse and husband I" " Yes, I receive and accept." The Bishop then addressed the Infante. " Most Serene Sir, Don Francisco d'Assis Maria de Bourbon1 Infante of Spain, does your Highness wish for! spouse and lawful wife her Majesty Isabella Ii., of Bourbon, Catholio Queen of Spain, as the Holy Roman Catholic and Apostolic Church directs ?" The Prince answered. "Yes, I wish." Does your Bighness yourself ?' &c.; " Yes, I do.' 'Does your Highness receive and accept as your spouse and lawful' wife Donna Isabella II., of Bourbon, Catholic Queen 'of Spain ?' 'Yes, I do receive and accept.' 'Thei joining the hands of the Queen and Infante, and taking his crosier, the Bishop' said-f And 1, on the part of Almighty God and of the happy Apostles St. 'Peter and St. Paul, and of, our Holy Mother Church', join in matrimony your Majesty Senora Donna Isabella 11., of Bourbon, Catholic Queen of Spain, and your Royal Highness Don Francisco d'Assis Maria of Bourbon ; and this sacrament of matrimony 1 confirm in the name of the father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." He then sprinkled with holy water on the heads of the Queen and Prince, and afterwards-in words only varying according to the different ranks of the parties-on the Infunte and the Duke de Montpensier; and thus the ceremony was concluded. According to the custom of Spain the brides and bridegrooms did not exchange rings on this occasion, but this ceremony was reserved for the nuptial benediction at the church of Atocha on the following day. Letters from Rome in the Augsburg Gazette state, that several cardinals, who have taken a lead in opposing the reforms announced by the new pope, have been sent as prisoners to the castle of Angelo, undera strong escort. Among them is said to be the cardinal who issued:a proclamation declaring that a conspiraoy had been formed against the Church of Rome, in which the pope was the princi pal consprator and calling on the people to rise in defence of their holy religion, 