THE FIGHT. Round 1st.-The symmetrical gracefulness of Teal, as he approached the scratch, not only astonished those who were opposed to him, and ^rBp^ad been freely backing Johnson at 3 to 2, (but'astonished many of his friends also, for, in- deed,1 w^jnay justly say, a more perfect model of a m£m;(£hoLigh only 10 stone,) we never before saw stftp. Johnson had the advantage itt height and weight, and ls also a very neat made man. The attitude of Teal was admirable, and Johnson «.as also very pretty ~, while confidence seemed tn be the ruling passion in the phiz of both. Cautious eying each other for a short time, when Johnson hit short with the right-Teal countered heavily on the domino box-and in closing,.Teal got Johnson's head in chancery, and fibbed him unmercifully-Johnson down. 2\. No sooner at thc stratch than Johnson hit out with the right, catching his opponent on the left blinker, where he left a tolerable sized blue bag ; Teal went in right and left, and again got his nob in the vice, and with his "dexter mawley, drew an abundant sample of pure claret from Johnson's smelling bottle, and finished the round by a heavy cross buttock. 3\. Johnson again caught him on thc old spot-while Teal countered on the mug with a stinger from the left hand, a few slight exchanges -Johnson down. 4\. Teal came to the scratch like a lion, al- though his eye was completely shut up ; it was evident Johnson was trying Jo close the other eye, but it would not fit ; Teal received a sharp un on thc lug from Johnson's right, but imme- diately returned the compliment on the mug ; some good countering took place, and in a close Teal threw him very heavy. 5 to 15. Much the same, but terminating in favor of Teal. 16\. In coming to the scratch it was quite ap- parent that Johnson had bellows to mend, while the other appeared as strong as when he began ; Johnson's right hand was also gone, and Teal, under the guidance of the old veteran, com- menced going in with the left-caught Johnson severely on the mouth, and in a rally Johnson down. 18, 19., 20 and 21. Much the same, Teal still continuing to walk in right and left. 22 and last. It was quite evident Johnson had not the ghost of a chance, yet he walked from second's knee bold and resolute ; no sooner had he come to the scratch, than Teal, like a bull dog, walked in with the left, catching his adver- sary a dreadful hit in the bread basket, and with the right on the juggler, sent him to his mother earth. Thus terminated this little affair of honor, at half-past nine, having occupied 43 minutes. Mike Norris and Tom Saunders, for £10 aside, on Thursday, the 11th of March. Alick Goff open to fight any other 10st man in the colony for £25.-Cupilc, of Windor and Thom Sparks, of Sydney, excepted. BILL HALL, whose pretensions to fistic skill havB been displayed four times in the Colonial Ring, will take a benefit nt the Five Courts on Wednesday week, tho 10th Mareil, when a choice SPRINKLING of the "Fancy" will season the avening's entertainments. P. It.-Notice of any forthcoming mill I will be thankfully leceivcd by the Editors of this journal... 