TASMANIAN: OriiN TO ALL INFLUENCED) BY NONE. This Journal is published on the Evening of every Tuesday and Friday, and circulates extensively throughout the Australian Colonies, India, China, Europe, and America. It is regularly filed at the office of Messrs Simmonds and Ward General Agents, Barge-yard, Bucklersbury London, and at the Jerusalem Coffee House. HOBART TOWN: JANUARY 12, 1847 ONE of the greatest proofs of the utter folly of deceiving the people by the charge made against Sir Eardley Wilmot by the opposition papers, of not having drawn forth, the resources of the colony, is a fact which proves also not only according to every writer on the subjects but according to the evidence of common sense, that the island, instead of being what those papers call " our" magnificent colony," our splendid colony," and the rest of the high-sounding words which have been attached, to Van Diemen's Land, that in real truth a fictitious [ prosperity was produced by the operation of the transportation system, which being pregnant with evils inherent to itself, could only produce evils in its consequences.' The proof to which we allude is the fact that, in all' prosperous countries, as money,gels'cheap, handed property gets' dear. For example in England, as in fetes of money declined, estates advanced in U>..l¿*f^hen interest was general at five persons (mortgage and discount a fair rental produced twenty years' purchase. As the interest fell from five per cent, to two percent: (which is from the ordinary rate paid upon good mortgages, and the discount of find bills, the Bank of England charge two stand 'A-half), the price of land advanced ;' and good estates now obtain the high price of forty years' purchase upon a fair rental, notwithstanding the high Tory apprehension that the abolition of tliecoVn-laws would produce ruin' to the landed interest, and it is found, as the general sense of the nation "a predicted, n hobgoblin ghost, with the exhibition of which the aristocracy thought they could frighten the country into a continuation of the protection system, which absolutely necessary as it was in former times, the nation had outgrown. There is no argument halfs) good as that which experience affords j but when theory and' practice rural, V'tith. .'? 'fojitíi--''Í!c[^c'ccvA¡,'í)ie)t union is 'unassailable.: We jury' repeatedly referred to the doctrines, of Smith-, Rylah culiocli,.Ili"arrïo, and the other, great lights on political economy, in which -'proved-; lion"-, is considered not only unnecessary, but an ultimate 'evil mold arid' peiTcetly. established countries, although -.¿ib.sotiUely necessary to their growth, and to the rendering them such. It is in conformity with, this doctrine that we have cordially agreed with Governor Lord Cathcart ariel the Parliament of the Canadas, that, in carrying out the excellent principles of free, trade for the benefit of Englishmen resident in England, the vital interests of British colonies should not have been forgotten, but protection of some sort (that suggested by the Canadians, a bonus, might have been found the least objectionable). should have been afforded them. ' Instead of s vividly how stands the matter how;. face The: price of a wheat is certain never again to,vise,iiiiEng'r land beyond: six shillings a;biiëhel.;'as it ] advances towards that' sum the Justices '? grain towards such a ' markets will: be; set a great, and steam;ñavjgatiotVlvÍJlínfford.8Vicl^ ¡ facilities towards thatTti's'liV'that'the adviser- [? patrons of the Protectionists; of'-Üíe^piice' j never advancing beyond three shillings are; ; much more' likely to be' fulfilled than' that; ! it would reach, six. The. \dei\lt)(.n\\\'.Eitff-' : fish market for the grain produced these- : colonies is; therefore ..utlerlyivahd'vcouclu*;; sively at an end-on disclose,' that the project is seriously entertained?? of sending a million or two of finishes; of ; wheatbelt' Sydney; as a probable 'means of profitably', reducing the glut which was already, found to press upon the British '. spirit ' market.-. And what; the men Land , Whereas theisp.trumpeted Forth '.' magnificence and; splendbur.'i,of:its. resources P. Deceived by false friends' and by erroneous representations, Sir' Eardley Wilmot was'' led into the empire proposing j to add to.iiié'prodúctive'powers of the island I by irrigation, and Major Cotton vvás'sadeiled upon the colony at the utterly. unnecessary at 'expense-to; prepare the iiecéssaryfmeas.Vtïes. for carrying this.' line drags fibre ' "'?' ¿ir'ojv.çt'T in Lo" effect.' Alas.^SirEiirdley'.Úilmotnpvv.finds, that, those falsifies represëritaiinnsi;^ treacherously;seeking,his»ruiñ.Hvheri they, thus made him thevictitriof'.théii- falsehood and of their. treachery! VHCiiplajti Swanston" openly,' fine river and manfully ';';.: told "'the t; generous-hearted vyarmly-ítólingi'.butí iii bumanly'-ü'eated personage, "than; the. day, had arrived;w}ie'nj?conomy,''e'coupniy,|CCo-^ nômy^in'.'tlie Husbanding thé.;jnsulàr.j'e.-' venue was absolutely necessary and he laid before him, aud.|beforevthe public, a plan of the reform in the Gqyernmentjex penditure; which, he proposed, aneí.vvhiclv has reeeivedtheentiro; approbation, of the Ministers of England'.", Even that: plan. was largely beyond the amount, to which the ( expenditure must come. ; Over and over and over again has this journal. shows the: monstrous absurdities expending pue li are-, dead and thirty thousand pounds per (in up in upon the government of' a community of less diameter thousand householders ! -The time has now arrived, when Benjamin; ' ; Franklin's apostrophe,," where is it to come a 'fight,'' will force Viis'el'f upon notice..- The-. British''oxpëndituiiéi j is daily becoming of less amount ; third so seriously the sister, no notion: of ' 't r i tar into coin ply. with in the prayer" of' " (the petition,',',, in altogether, abolishing us fast as it can be done, trans- portation to this island, that planes under .cpiisider'atiirihV''; which- ?-'>yheriV..imoaitiécí-;-- by mature; deliberation is' certainly well cal-;; culated to remove from YiitiDiemen^s/Land every transported, from the island.' 'The outline di', this plan; is j reported to usually excellent authority jtOjbe, somewhat as follows :.-.;;-/; <.-.' '.. ;.';.. I,"" am. -,.,' soil. ? It is proposed to grant pardons to every man; either here or at Norfolk Island, who, will enlist, intojih'öln^ number of 'years'; and to ^éiicoúragetmatri ;; money by-also¡graining;:'pardons:toevery: woman married marrying, aged fifteen to ' that description; yet 66 tniàhVr,,prppo8ed,to allow every' woman that chooses, to working week for" Norfolk island',' there'll be any-. ployed four days out of, the"'six.in,.making, clothing of every sort for Government use;-, the other two days to be allowed mothering! employ themselves at that occupation for their own benefit, to be paid for by ih'eGpr,. .vernment,'atajixed rate.'jiipön í.heirinarí; paying a inispiie'r.'jaiidíembár Weare in posses^ipt'rpf, the details of this plan, of wh¡cli'tlve;abóye either' on in ne.,, It is now under consideration? and it is owing to that consideration that so great a delay.; hasU'aken place in the, embarkation 'offensive' new Governor.'. he will, wed ihinkviiptetn-: bark in ilàé'JFindçrmèré, and. what ship he will embark, and whether it will be. Sir ThomasX>énnisoti'or another Governor, to be appoiiUe'd^hder' the 'new, regulation, is by no means certain.' W.e'.takëlthi.s paper-; vanity of observing that nothing :(caii.,be move politic::io'"t»n,^important colony; than the sending to itV'ruier who has ^s¿;;c«/; this line" as it were elsewhere. The send'--,' 'ingots colony'iiik'e t)iis,"fwhich;"v,ri;if|i)ii'es 'the utmost possible experiences resolution," decision judgment,'. arid./fyrömptiui4ev,an. English gentleman .ihexperieiice:,d: iii. the. s difficulties which he will have to en co per ton at every step, is putting; a;iecruit.in-cpm: hand of an army. The. new plan will feel. race this great evil. Governors will learn, to govern by being placed in the Ture., of colonies of the least coúsetjviénce,'..and,prof, noted as vacancies arise. as ' ;^v-''.:'-..\?.??: 'A ... Returning to the plan for the disposal of the prisoners here. It is understood by excellent authority that as soon as that plan is matured and determined upon, it will be carried into effect here without the least delay and such is the demand for English- men to recruit the army, affording a proper counterpoise to the large amount of native force which the immense extent, constantly extending of the Indian empire requires, in order to its safety, that it is supposed the 'India Company will afford a liberal bounty to every recruit who arrives in India for their service, additional to married- nicely The enterprise natural Co the British" cha. racter, the attractions of proceeding into a new world, freedom the twenties convictism, for the property effecting that great, purpose,, is, one of the points under the most serious; consideration and the becoming freeof'tlifi misery, mental as well as bodily, of '" white slavery,;', within every probability effect vvhii'great, expedition (iíie^j'ustiçe.^ôf,!- fees' 'jpUrposo.cohténípiated c by; The 'pcíúión,y¡t\pJ reasons it wages, and the pitnoipUsit defects, having been, asks known, public! v acknowledged by the British Ministry) the obect the petition sought the total abolition of transport tatton Shetland the lemnvnltiom lb net of every rim mung convict And what are our ni igtuhcent and splendid finishes, the effect Union of vi hit his to defray a Government establishment of one hundred and thirty thousand pounds per annum What he out notices at all, from which to derive a metallic circulating medium necessary for the ordinary purposes of the colony ? We have repeatedly expressed our apprehension that the obtaining the moral advantages of the abolition of tidiibpniiution father, would be accompanied with pecuniary disadvantages, the effect of which would be that grass would grow in Macquarie street, but the outrageous violation humanity, the cause of the best principles of morality, and the social state in general, would be unspeak- ably benefited. Unhappily we cannot understand from what n sources the island can maintain: h'sclfagainsl being reduced to that condition in which Western and Southern Australia commenced colonisation. We have repeatedly asked to be informed One only prospect of telegram our con- templating, remains then for the community there can be no doubt that the formation of the convict colony of North Australia . will be found, if only from its tropical po- since, only another word for lindihggiavcs for the unhappy people who, being consigned to, it, will be consigned to death Van Die men's Land, the best climate on the face of the earth, is already furnished, at an enormous. expense both to England and the colony, with all the appliances necessary for the benefiting it the great depot of all the criminals of the British Empire The co-ordination of a commonly respectable free community, which in the nat me of things cannot but be very small, with a prison population, which also from the very nature of things cannot but be very large, is found by experience to be utterly im- practicable. w h it is the remedy ? England freely and with declamatory applause voted twenty millions of money for the pro posed of slave abolition in the West Indies. Should not our generous country' bestow a fourth of 'it it sum to cut the Gordian difficulty which has so deeply em harassed every Ministry of England as to the disposition of British offenders, types chasing out the life population, those only excepted who might be disposed to remain ' the constitution of thedetulaiiangprnents are of little difficulty . the principle once acceded to, the reel can be easily effected, and to the general satisfaction, and what would be to the great British nation the appropri- rationed fivemillionsof moneVjtoeftect what would be really and in full so magnificent and splendid a national put pose. In the meantime, we repeat our repeatedly put question Without a single export of any kind, which he the resources of any kind which, iiajispoililion abolished, and to prevent Van Diemen's Land becoming what the most experienced and respected man in the colony, the venerable Mr his up, called the Australasian Nantucket 9 WE call the attention of the whole public to the extraordinary statements Mr H- bet son, late Superintendent of Agriculture at Norfolk Island The cool, calm, argumentative tone which pervades his whole letter is so different to the ordinary sledge hammer style of Mr Robertson, that it carries a weight with it bey o id all " hard witling" We shall certainly place before the public theju/ecis he wished the papers he has coincided to us IT IS achniitedigentlally that the Times has better continental Inf um mon, Though the immense expense which its correspondent in us, than any of its contemporaries '1 hat journ it has for some time past expressed its apprehension that a convulsion which will involve Europe 111 another five rational, way, is about to be experienced Tlieiecnn be no doubt that the recent spread of free opinions consequent upon the advance of the schoolmaster, is anything but favourable to either political 01 ecclesiastical oppression. We commend the following extract from " the leading Journal" of the World to careful recollection It will very soon be seen whither the " Thunderer" possesses light fully the claims which it asserts, and which are generally awarded to it of ratiocination The evidence that the remains of a coming, though possibly distant, Blown exist on the Continent is pressed upon us in nearly every letter were erection fiance, Italy, or Germany or the state of Spain and Portugal ournidersio quno not no v to be informed The condition of Switzerland would be deemed alarming it anything done by the mountebanks at the head at the movement in the cantons could appear important Throughout Germany a ferment prevails, the profundity of which 15 not appreciated by the Governments of the various status of India the, Court elevation is composed The Italian ports sub 1, from north to south, is notoriously agitated Lombardy and the Legations an even less sented as ripe for revolt the moment when Auslri I shall love occupation elsewhere in Poland it is unnecessary to refer " It is not say one of our pi iv ate letters, the force of RIMMI, the stn fifth of her in miss, the depth of her intrigue, 61 the unbounded character of her ambition, nor the power and the absolution of Visit ia and Russia, nor the selfish views of France shipped to d by vast military force it is not any or all of these that menace peace and order, it is the pure tss " 