LoctI ElntldIigencc. MlAY DAv.-Since te ccommencement of this " merry montll," "Jack in the Green" and his lively attendants have been parading the town, apparently with tolerable success. COURT OF REQUESTS.-ThIIr were only five eases in the thirty pound court, and tell ill the ten pound court, on Tuesday, which were quickly dis posed of. A point was raised in one case, as to the liability of a third class passholder to he sued ; the connmmissioner mnade the case a remanat. Quacxs.-An information has been laid against a soi disant "Doctor" Gibbonfor practising with out being dutly qualified. This minor offence, however, is likely to merge into a far more serious charge, little hopes being entertained for the recovery of one of his patients who have been grossly maltreated. FATAL ACCIDENT.-- A man named Thomas Bain, in the service of Mr. Beswick, of Muddy Plains, was accidentally killed on the Westbury road, on Monday evening. He was driving a dray and six bullocks throngh Jingler's Valley, about seven o'clock, and at the time of the accident was sitting on the dray. In attempting to cross a small log bridge the dray capsized, and fell on him. Another man with a horse and cart was in com- pany with him, and rendered all the assistance in his power, but deceased died on the spot. The bodywas conveyed to the Sir George Arthur, where an inquest was held on Tuesday. lAcAZINEs.-Tle December Mangazliles andil t periodicals have been received by the Rlobert llattlhewr, and lie for perusal at the reading-rooll t of the Mlechanics' Institte. Puaeseisr.--The Port Phlillp herald, in ad. verting to the Rev. J. Ham's remnark at a meeting of the Bible Society in Launceston, " that in Port Phillip lie was sorry to say, lie did not remember ever having seen a clergyman of the Church of England present on the platform of any public meeting of this kind," says, " Mr. Ham should, have explained that the' apostolical succession' niumbers Ia so strong among the English clery here, as to prevent their having any comings and goings but with the Church of Romeie." REVOLTING FANATICISM.-An extraordinary sensation liehas been created at the Manritins, by the discovery of a most revolting act of fanaticism by a Roman Cathllolic priest stationed there. It seems that from tile reports which had got abtoall relative to the death of Roman Catholic female, it was considered necessary to hold a coroner's inquest on the remains, at whlch the horrible fact traanspired that about two hlolirs after the death of the tr fortulnate woman from natural causes, the priest, Father Egremont, called at the house, andil proceeded to the bed where the remains lay, took a penknife from Ils pocket, and despite the urgent renmonstrances of the lereaved husballad, ripped op I tile abdonmen of the deceased, and took fronl the womb a lifeless fetns, of betweenl five and six months growtll, and baptising it in the name of the Father, Slon, and Holy Ghost, restored it again to the womb. The horror and Indignation which the discovery of sulcll a revolting proceeding gave birth to tlirouigloilt the length and breadth of the Island, was so excessive that the Governor, Sir William Gomm, stopped tie priest's salary, alnd ordered him to leave the Island witllinl a month. Incredible as it may appear, the priest's condiuct in the matter was approved of by the Roman Catholic Bishop and attempted to be justified in the Roman Catholic journals.-P. P. Gazette. SIIOCKING DEATH FROM BURNING. - A shocking accident occurred on Friday, by which a girl, named Bridget Boland, ten years of age, lost her life. The deceased was engaged in stir ring some starch, whilst on the fire ; her clothes canugt, she ran into the air, and her person was soon enveloped in flames. The screams of the child brought the mother to her assistance, who tore off the remnants of the clothes; but the injuries sustained were too great for human skill to overcome. She lingered until Friday in great agony, and then died. An inquest was held and a verdict of accidental death returned. HoRTICULTURAL SOCIETY -The members met on Monday in the gardens, to consider the recent proposals of the government for the forma. tion of a united society; J. W. Gleadow, Esq., in the chair. His Excellency's nlinute was read, which sanctioned the view of thle last meeting of the miembers for making the support of the gardens here a part of thle general operations of the society. On this basis, the meeting expressed every desire to comply with his Excellency's wishes for a union, and the managing committee were directed to open a correspondence with the Hobart Town Society for the consideration of details. The pavilion in whlilch the members met, showed the want ofinlnediate repairs; and another resoliition was accordingly passed, to solicit the commence ment of the allowance from the first January last, the correspondence with this and the late govern menit having already occupied from the beginning of last November. RUMnOUnED DEATH OF SIR GEORGE GiePPs. -The Correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, writing fromn Sydney under date iftli April, says, " I have heard that news has arrived of the death of Sir George Gipps, whllich took place four days after his landing in England. I have not seen an anthentic account of this calamlity, and I. have some dolht of the trutlh of it, it is nevertheless a private ruomoulr." PORT PlltItLlP.--The Swan brings papers to the 27th iiltiio, Ibut tllhey are unusually desltitute of news. The Herald plublislhes a letter respecting the supposed white woman at Gipps' Land, fromt which that journal infers that it is more than a probability that ere this, the unfortunate white captive lhas been restored to civilization..... Charles lolberts,connected with the recent horrible occurrence on board the Shalmrock, on her second last trip from Launceston, was again brought before the police court, when his worship the Mayor, ad dressiug himil, said that lie had communilcated with the police magistrate of Launceston, from whom he had that morning received a reply, stating that an inquiry was in courseof proceeding, the govern. Inent having taken the matter tip; but as no order or warrant of appreliension has been forwarded, lie (the Mayor) was prepared to allow the prisoner to be dlialurged, upon entering into recognizances, himself in £40, and two sureties in £20 each, to appear to answer any charge that may bepreterled against hlil. The required bail was accordingly given..... It is supposed by the police that nearly fifty stolen watches were exported per Shamlrock, to.Launcestcu, at.her last trip. STEALING PFROM A C(JII)).-A tailor havIng fliniashed a pair of trousers ftr a cllstolmer, sent themn home by his son a lad 12 years of age, who had been frequently sent on similar errands. The boy was met by a woman in iturray- street, site did not then attempt to take the trousers from him, but told hin that she was comning to fetch themn, and that the custonmer for wllolu.thley were intended had removed, but sihe would show him where lie lived; sire then took him to the corneer of Liverpool-street, when site stopped and desired the boy to go to a grocer's shop, and order 2 pounds of tea for Mr. - , (the party for whom the Irowsers were intended), indt sire would hold the bundle while lie went. The grocer not know ing thlie party, told the boy that lie did not deal there. IIe tllel returned to the place where he had left tihe woman bult silt was gone; he hastened lhone to his father and tolt hil tilhe story, who found the trowsers at a pawnbJroker's where they had just been pledged for 8 slhillings.--li. TownU Advertiser-. ASTIONOMICAL NOTICES, MAY, 1847. Sun in Taurus. Mercury in Aries and Taurnu will be visible in the early part of the montht,just before sunrise. Venus in Gemini and Cancer will be an evening star of great brilliancy. Mars in Aquarius will rise about three o'clock in the morn lug, Vesta in Virgo will pass the Meridian, or bear north about half past nine ill the evening, and will be in a good position for observation. Jutno will be inl the constellation Antinols. Pallas will be in the constellation Eritldns, but too neaor the sun for observation. Ceres in Taurus. Jupiter int Taurus will be visible just after sunset. This montlh is unfavoarable for observations of tie eclipses of his satellites, being too near the sun. Saturn int Aquarius will rise about one o'clock in morning. Georgia in Aries, too near the sun for observation. 1\. Mafrs in conjinction with Iota Aquarlii. Moon will eclipse starEta Librm, visible. 2, Mercury in cojunection with Georgian.. 3\. Moon will eclipse star M Scorpii, invisible here. 4\. Jupiter will set 711. p.m. Venus will set tilt. 47m. p.m. 5\. Moon's greatest libration on the N.E. limb. h(. Venus nearest the sun. Venus in conjunctionl with Jupiter. 7\. Moon will eclipse star Epsilon Aqtarii. 8\. Last quarter rmoon 8h. 3Son. a.m. Moon will eclipse star Theta Geminornm. 9\. Mars in conjunction with the moon, and witIf star Sigma Aquarii. 10\. Saturn in conjunction with thile moon. Geor gian in conjunction with star E Pisciumn. Venus int conjunction with planet Ceres, Aries being 27' to the northward of Venns. Eclipse of Jupiter's 1st satellite 5hi. 21m. p.m. Emersion visible here. 11\. Moon will eclipse planet Georgium Sidlls, invisible. Eclipse ot'Jutpiter's 2nd sattelite.at lh. 2h. . p. m. emersion visible. 12\. Moon nearest the earth. Venus in conjnnce tion with star B Tauri. Georgian in cotnjunction with the moon. 13\. hMercury in conuinction with tile moon. 14\. Illuminated portion of tihe dise of Venus, ,787 Mars, ,858. 15\. New moon at li,. 13m. a.m. 10\. Celes in conjunction with B Tanri. June stationary. Jupiter in conjunction with tihe moo. 17\. Venus in conjnnetion with the moon. Mars in conjunction witlh Lambda Aquarii. 18\. Ceres in cotnjunction with C Tauri. Moon's greatest libration on the N.W. limb. 19\. MIoon will eclipse star Lambda Geminorum 20\. Moon will eclipse star Alpha Citncii. 21\. Pallas in conjunction withl the sun. lMool will eclipse star Pi Leonis. 22\. First quarter mtoon, IIt. 48m. a.m. Venn in conjnnction with Epsilon Geminorum. Mar in conjunction with Saturn. 23\. Vesta stationary. 24\. Moon farthest from the earth. 25\. Venus will set 71T. lm. p.m. 26\. Mars in conjunction with star Phi Aquarii. 27\. Moon will eclipse star Lampda Virginia. 28\. Mloot will ceclipse star Eta Libra. 29\. Moon will eclipse star Theta Zeta. 30\. Full moon 35mn. past noon. Moon wi eclipse star Chi Ophiachi. 31\. Moon's greatest libration on S.E. limb. A FLYING MACHINE.--The Rhine Gazette publishes a letter from Dr. Hocke, of Brussels, which he asserts that he has discovered the means of aerial travelling at any height that he please He states that he has solicited the appointment u an official committee to examine his discovery, lie is already prepared to show that he has the means of supporting a carriage in the air without any point d'appui. STAncoaeo.-Aqnarrel took.place a few evening since, in a public-hlotse, betweent two milen, one i whom an oyster seller, stabbed the other with hi knife. The woand bled much, but was not of serious nature. KINDS ov HIyPocntsv.-Hypocrisy at tl fashionable end of the town is very different frou hypocrisy in-the city. The modish h3 pocrite i deavours to appear more vicious than lie really is and the other kind of hypocrite more virtuon Tile former is afraid of everything that has i show of religion in it, and wotld be thought e gaged in many criminal gallantries and amon which lie is not guilty of. Tile latter assumes face of sanctity, and covers ia multitlde of vic under a seeming religious deportment. STREET' RonnBRY.-On Friday evening, abo eight o'clock, a rman walking uap Argyle-stres was seized by two men, who pinioned his urn Two mlore tllen commenced searching hin, at took away his watch. £3 and some half-crows They then walked off and got safe away. T police have been unable to obtain any clue to t perpetrators of this daring robbery.- H. ddrerfiser. EaoiOatATzoN. - The following is from the Mauritian, and developes a prlnciplo which entirely obviates the objection that free emigrants if lil. ported wound at once depart for the adjacent colonies. Under a government ?narantee like that suggested by the present imperial administration, emigrants mnight be imported with security:-" A despatch was read in council on Monday last, its contents were known to be the opinion of Earl Grey on immigration and labour in the colony. A paper containing the heads of an ordinance was enclosed to which the attention of the council was called. Therein all immigrants not working unider a contract were to pay a small tax, as the colony had paid the expense of their introduction for agriculture, it was just if they engaged in other pursuits they should contribute to this expense, so that the colony should not suffer the loss by fre anent departure, may be provided for by tile above sketchi; hat unless some greater change was to be made hereafter the Indians would be mere tempo rary reaidents. He therefore suggested the establishment of villages as inl India under the controul of responsible chiefs. These villages to contribute a tax which would serve to pay the expense of their introduction. By the concession of a moderate quantity of land it would be an Inducnement for immigrants to come to Mauriti?s, and give them some importance. With this cer tainty of their remaining in the colony, the educa tion of the children and their general improvement could be attended to. Several enquiries remained to be made, and he requested that before anything was decided on as regards this point that the plan may be submitted to him. BKETClI OF ORDINANCE. I. A registrar to be kept of all the immigrants arrived and to arrive. 2\. No immigrant to be allowed to leave the colony without a passport, which will be accorded gratis to those who have justified that they have served five years in the colony. Those who have not served that time in the colony, must pay their own return passage and £1 for each year wanting to complete the five. 3\. A tax of five shllings per month to be levied on any immigrants not employed in field labour. 4\. A stamp duty of forty shillings to be fixed on every engagement, and twenty shillings for a re engagement. 5\. Tie employer is to be responsible for the monthly tax. I. No passport will be accorded unless the im migrant has been working under stamped engage ments. 7\. Every absentee shall forfeit his wages, rations, and two- pence per diem for the time he is absent, which time shall not form part of the term of five years. 8\. Master or servants who wish to break their engagements have to give one month's notice. The latter is to pay a proportion of the stamp duty ac cording to the time remaining. 9\. The tax to be recoverable before a magistrate, and in case of non-payment to be punished by one day's imprisonment for every sixpence due. 10\. All the money received under this ordinance to be appropriated to immigration purposes." TILE WINDSOR \IEETING ON THIE TRANSPOR TATION QUESTION.-One of the speakers, Mr. Lamhton, mentioned certain facts, connected with the criminal statistics of that part of the colony, which abundantly confirm the facts so frequently put forward. He stated that the relative numbers of convicts and criminal convictions in the Wind sor district, at several periods during the twenty three years, were as follows:- Convicts. Convictions. In the year 1824 .. 1,5065 .... 483 1828 .. 1,078 .... 435 1833 .. 1,250 .... 708 1830 .. 1,220 .... 540 1841 .. 818 .... 460 1840 .. 443 .... 52 On comparing tile number of convicts here speci fied for tile years 1828, 1841, and 1846, being the only years wlhich tie census tables enable its to test, we find those for 1828 to be perfectly correct, and those of the other two very nearly so. We may therefore rely upon the substantial accuraey of the entire statement. And that this statement most impressively bears out all that has been alleged concerning tile demoralising effects of con victism, will be seen by the following ratios of crime to population at three differnt periods; the first, when tile convict system was in its full vigour; the second, when transportation had been discontinued only a few months; the third, when tile colony had been five years free from its pollut ing influence: Population. Ratio of convictions. Year 1828 .. 4,454 ........ 1 int 10 1841 .. 6,405 ........ 1 in 14 1840 .. 7,721 ........ 1 in 148 These ratios clearly indicate the connexion between convicts and crilme; and tihe reforming tendency of the transportation system will be thrther eleci dated by tracing the ratios of convictions to tile snssmber of convicts : In 182.1, the convictions were 1 to 3 convicts. 1828, ditto ditto 1 to 26 , 1833, ditto ditto 1 to 2 , 1836, ditto ditto 1 to 24 1841, ditto ditto 1 to 2 ,, What proportions of the convicts were in Govern ment employ, in private assignment, or holding tickets-.of-leave, we are not just now able to ascer tain for ally of thlese years but the last. Iin 1841, tile conlvicts ill the Windsor district consisted of the following classes: Holding Tickets.of leave .... 416 In private assignment ........ 350 \- 775 Ill Government employment .. 52 Total .......... 827 It has been a fatvourite dogma wilth the pro- convict party, that tile assignment system was highly refortnlatory, and that the holdersof tickets.of-leave were refornled characters. Tile above figures would seem to tell a different story. Although the convicts hiolding tickets and in private assign mont, in proportion to those in Governmlent employment, were as 15 to 1, yet the ratlo of convictions weo ajlst as had as in the very worst of the specified periods.-- S'ydney.ilorning Ilerald. DIFENCE OF TIra COiONIEs.--In consequeenco of nmlnerous appiceations from outpentaloners anxious to settle in the colonies, tile Home Go. verl,),)ent haveo aunltorised the enlrolmlent of a corps of six companies consistintg of four serjennts, four corporals, two drluammers and fifers, andt seventy-slx privates, for settlesment int New Zoo. land. The prlnciplel of defence by armed pent sioners Ihas been follnd to answer so well at home, that It may lhe considered to ensure the means of forming an effectual defence lfor the colonies. The conditions under which this force is to be raised were deemed liberal and judicious, affording no grounds to doubt the formation of ans effilcient and well-conducted battalion. The sameo system of mustering and paying the pensioners by their own officers will be commenced as is adopted in Eangland. The project, it is believed, will next be tried in the Australian colonies, and then in Canada.--IJ. T. Courier. CeNOTAPre.--In the middle of the road leading to the first basin there is a small " eairn" of stones supporting a thin staff, in which is inserted a piece of paper. We furnish a literal copy of the writing that appears in pencil aild, will thaus preserve longer titan the trail original, a humble specimen of regard for a fellow-creature: " Sakried to the memery of John Handson who whos keled on This spot by the upsetting of a cart which was hoing to The neglect of the hoverser God Be merseffil to His Soul Amen." 