RELIGIOUS GLEANINGS. BLASPHEMY ON SYSTEM. We take the following choice gem from the English Churchman of this week : — It is, we can truly say, 'more in sorrow than in anger' — with even more pity than indignation — that we extract the following most painfully shocking advertise ment from the columns of a Liverpool paper, and which, we understand, has been placarded all over the town. This day (Saturday) will be published, price Is. ' Every eye shall see Him ; or, Prince Albert's Visit to Liverpool, used in Illustration of the Second Coming of Christ.' A Sermon, preached in St. Jude's Church, on the 2d August, 1846, the Sunday next after the Prince's Visit, by the Rev. Hugh M'Neile, M.A. (Published by desire, for the Liverpool Sailors' Home.) London : J. Hatchard and Son, 187, Piccadilly; A. Newling, 31, Ranelagb-street, Liverpool. The fearful irreverence — to use the very mildest term — of seeming to apply to the visit of an earthly prince, words which the Holy Ghost has used to describe the awful coming of the Prince of Heaven and Earth to Judgment, must be apparent to every reverent mind. Not that we accuse such men as Mr M'Neile of con scious, premeditated irreverence. It is the fatal and in separable characteristic of their system— of the system of Popular Protestantism— that Holy Things— Words, Places, and Persons, — are treated with the greatest ir reverence by those who are the least conscious of so doing. We hardly know which to be most edified by Hugh M'Neile or the Churchman. The former per petrates a piece of gross and rank blasphemy by making the third Person of the Holy Trinity a type of Prince Albert ; and the Churchman, while it con demns the blasphemy, excuses the individual on the plea that such blasphemies in the mouth of an An glican clergyman are *'part of their system !' — flow so naturally and with such inevitable consequence from the religious principles entertained by a very large portion of the Anglican clergy, that the indivi dual blasphemer is in no way responsible for it ! In him it is purely unconscious ! Blasphemy, it seems, comes as naturally and necessarily to an Anglican parson as idolatary to a Pagan ! It is part of the practical system of the Anglican Church. We con gratulate the Churchman on this naive avowal. — Tablet, 15th August, 