GOVERN OBS GSEY AKD ROBE. Gentlemen — Our late Governor has written his own Epitaph in his last words to the Legislative Council: ' In relinquishing the duties which had devolved on him, under the appointment of her Majesty, he looked to his Sovereign alone for any expression of approba tion.' It required no ghost to tell us that, but a more amiable or a more courteous man would have qualified this declaration with some expressions of regret, that he had not at the same time succeeded in gaining the esteem and approbation of the Colonists. It is as much the duty of a Colonial Governor to secure the goodwill and affection of the community over which he is placed, as it is to obey orders. Major Robe had not found that lesson in his military catechism, he knew only how to obey orders, ' as we say in the army.' He had however his good qualities, not the least of which was that he soon discovered he was in a false position, and he has been relieved at his own request ; he is gone at last, and there is no love lost, two considerations full of consolation. But to deal out equal justice, let me now turn to the other, party, and ask if the Colonists, I mean the big wigs, have not been rightly served in having a Gover nor, who spurned them, for the injustice and ingra titude they showed to the former Governor, Captain Grey. I consider it a blot on this Colony, that the very eminent services rendered to it by Captain Grey should have been overlooked, slighted, and denied as they have been. What a shabby address was presented to him on his departure, in which he ?as unblushingly told that he had been a spectator of the Colony's rise from a state of ruin to great prosperity, as if he himself had had no hand in improving the condition of the Colony. I, for one, protested at the time against this unhand some mode of proceeding, and I warned tbe colonists that they might some day ' catch a tartar ' this was scarcely a prediction, it followed as naturally and al most as necessarily as effect from cause. The case stands thus: — Captain Grey came here when the Colony was in a state of Bankruptcy, public and pri vate ; debts to an enormous amount had accumulated, and his instructions were to reduce the public expen diture to the limits of the revenue. He knew that if he drew bills on the Home Government, except under circumstances of the most urgent necessity, those bills would be dishonoured as had been the case with his predecessor's drafts and instead of relieving the Colony, such a course would only add to its distress. In his endeavours to assist the Colony, he went to the utmost verge of his instructions; he even went beyond them, and drew some bills for debts contracted by bis pre decessor which the Home Government refused to pay. On all hands he was beset by persons clamorous for money, as'if he had got it in his possession, and was keeping it from them; the labourers said they could not live on five shillings a-day wages, and they even threatened' personal violence; and those who ought to have known better were equally unreasomble in their demands. One party wanted him to keep up the price of grain by imposing a duty in its importa tion ; another wished him to buy up the grain grown in the Colony at a high price on account of Govern ment, and a third proposed that the Government should provide labour free of cost to the farmer, till they were able to repay it. For good and substantial reasons which are explained in his despatches to the Home Government, Captain Grey rejected all these demands and expedients ; he found the ship among rocks aud shoals with a mutinous crew who wanted him to cast anchor there, but in spite of them all he steered her into deep water and placed her in a right position to catch the prosperous breeze which soon filled her sails. And his reward was to be baited and badgered, to be threatened by one party, denounced by another who petitioned for his recal, and at last dismissed scorn fully; it is thus that they treated ' the pilot who weath ered the storm.3' Then comes another Governor with the facts, staring himfnll in his face ; whoever he might have been, they muBt have tended to lower the colonists in his estima tion, and to make him in some degree indifferent to their censure or approbation ; but Major Robe hap pened to be the new Governor, and he was the very man to 'go thorough-' he ' topped the officer' over them in grand style, and he let them know at the outset that he cared no more for them than Sancho Fanza cared for his ' oil-landers' — a vile scum to be used up in one manner that might be convenient, to the lord paramount. There you have it tit for tat, a Rowland for an Oliver, six of one and half-a-dozen of the other, or in plain terras a just retribution. We might have got it piecemeal, a bit-by-bit castigation, but we have got it all in a lump ; it might have been a continual reproach to the colonists — How did you treat Governor Grey ? we have now got a reply ready cut and dried — How did Governor Robe treat us ? At some day justice will be done to Captain Grey sven in this Colony, and his detractors will- hide their diminished heads ; but I am not pleading for him, I am pleading for the colony, whose interest it is to have justice done, and to have past errors pointed out and acknowledged to prevent their recurrence. Captain Grey can well dispense with a tribute of applause from this colony ; he has received it from a higher authority ; he has a second time verified his qualifications for command, under difficulties of no ordinary character, and he has succeeded notwith standing the gloomy predictions that were made on his departure hence ; he has secured the unlimited confidence of the home government, and the unanimous approbation of all parties in the House of Commons ; though young in years he is bending under accumu lated honours, his name is known and his reputation is established in every part of the British Empire, and he is advancing by rapid stt ides to higher dignities than he lias yet attained. This is the same Governor Grey who was complimented in his departure, by being told that he had been a spectator of the colony's rise from adversity to prosperity ! I am, Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, An Englishman. 