To the Lord Bishop of Tasmania. RionT REVEREND SIR,-I have perused with inexpressible astonishment some e\tracls affirmed to be from one of your Lordship's, published com- positions, in which you say, of the English Church, that it is '. the only true branch existing in this country, because the only church modelled after the Apostolical form and usages ; the only church where ministers are, in the scriptural sense of the word, lawfully called; or who have received their orders. &c.;" And again of other denominations, " while there can be no baptism, save one only, they think they can baptise. They forsako the fountain of life, yet promise the gift of a vital saving water, &c.;" Now, my Lord, although strictly speaking I do not belong to the Established Church, since I neither participate in its communion, nor acknowledge its authority to be Apostolical, I have not resigned my membership in that church, and believe I shall never cease to feel a lively interest in its welfare And I confess that tho perusal of the above extracts has filled me with sorrow and amazement. What, my Lord, have j ou so read the past his- tory of our church, the history of its foundation, that you can think that a form of doctrine sealed by the blood of Protestant martyrs, whose faith was literally ti ied in the fire, that such a form of doctrine has no better ground than that your Lordship should deem the miserable fallacy of in- fant baptism one of its strong holds ? Or can you suppose that tho thunders of the ancient fathers (men more ignorant, and for the most part no better instructed in doctrine than ourselves,) and which were aimed at Manichœans, Gnos- tics, and others whose heresies were manifest; can you suppose that their language can be indis- criminately applied to your Protestant brethren, most of whom differ from you in mere non-essen- tials alone ? I am constrained to suppose that this barrenness of spirituality is possible, else could no such sen- tences as those which I have quoted have ema n tied from your pen. And I lament it, and that deeply ; the more because they have proceeded from one who from his position might be supposed tao well instructed in tho vital realities of Chris- tian doctrine to be capable of such puerilities ; and yet more because it »cars a most ominous appearance towards the well-being of the simple minded of your flock, II the form of infant baptism, which by an ec- clesiastical fiction similar in its character to the John Doe and Richard Roe of the law, has been twisted into a doctrine, (for which no shadow of scripture warranty exists) were really gifted with such wondrous virtue, why are not all churchmen saints? and why are not all the persecuted adorned with the patience of the martyr ? Your Lordship knows, for you uro conversant amongst them, that amongst the Bishops and eminent Divines of our church, this doctrine is very far from general. The Church of England does not consider water baptism in any stronger light than as an expedient form. And on this question of foi m, there are men of high conside- ration who would not, do not hosilato to declare, that the dispute between our church and that of the Presbyterians on the form of church govern- ment is a matter impossible to settle. As for the doctrine of Apostolical Succession, Iliad thought that it was well nigh exploded, or at all events sequestrated as the peculiar property of the Roman Catholics, who, as far as I am concerned, are quite welcome to lay it up in their treasury where they keep the keys of St. Peter. I little imagined a few years ago, that we should hear grave divines seriously vindicating the church's pre-eminence by means of a question, which even could it be tatislactorily settled, would prove nothing at all. Has jour Lordship never heard out of tho scrip- tures ot truth, that Christ came to baptise with the Holy Ghost and with fire? Are you not well aware of the binding limitation contained in those words, " Except a man be born of water and of tho spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God ?" Water-baptism profiteth nothing, for it is but the symbol; it is as the letter which killeth ; it is the spirit which quickeneth ; and it is the bap- tism of the Holy Ghost, and of the holy quickening fire wInch alone giveth salvation unto the sepa- rated Israel of God What matter then whether we be directly descended from the Apostles or not? Can the sprinkling of a few water drops by our hands save the soul alive? Whether we be Donatists, or followers of St, Cyprian, or lineal descendants of Manes himself, it matters not: the outward form of water-baptism may be permitted as a symbol of our outward ad- mission into the English Church, but not even the inward and spiritual regeneration is sufficient by water alone, until it is scaled and made effectual by the mighty rushing Pentecostal wind, whereby God r.ets to His seal that we are His. , I stand up for the glory of our Church, and I repudiate that suicidal blindness which tears down the veil of the most Holy Place to convert it into a napkin for the washing of our feet, Mary wiped the feet of the Lamb with the glory of her head | (the Apostolic Exousia), abasing herself before Him even to the dust ; shall we then turn away from the vital life giving words of his lips, to feed on the garbage of mere map? The Donatists affirmed that baptism adminis- tered by unholy hands was no baptism. This was an inconvenient dootrine; for had it been re- ceived in all its force, what would become of'the holiness of St. Chrysostom, one of whose prayers our Liturgy adopts by name ? But it was rightly set aside, because in truth the baptism' which such hands administer is unimportant altogether : and since this is not it, we must needs look for another. > , > 'And that oilier is the baptism of Christ, the crucified Lamb, which baptism is by the Holy Ghodt, and "by sanctifying fire.r Without this baptism there can be no union between Christ and His Church. Water baptism may united a men to the body called the Church of England ; .but water baptism uniteth no man with the Head of our Church. Tho cement which binds together the living stones, which constitute that glorious temple;! whose corner-stone is Jesus Christ, is water mingled "with blood, and sealed with fire'. This is the true döctrine of regeneration;'and that other doctrine is, lower and more pitiable than even those things which St. Paul denomi- nates the beggarly elements : for 'these" are' ele- ments, however beggarly ; but outward form* are no elements at all, but mere wood, hay, and stubble, reserved for the burning. But perhaps, by a vital saving water to which your quotation speaking for you refers, we ought in charity to understand our Protestant brethren to mean the fountain of waters opened in the side of the Crucified, out of which proceeded water and blood ; and if any of my brethren in Christ by this vital saving water understand this mingled stream, I am ready to consent to their counsel, and to place myself in tho number of those whom your Lordship deems heretical. And if, by the "one only baptism." you mean tho baptism of water administered by a Church-of-England clergyman, I unhesitatingly deny alike its vitality and its usefulness. On like principles, also, should wo deal with the question of regular descent : if your ministers are descended effec- tually, usefully, vitally, practically, from the Apostles, they must bear about them tho sign3 of an Apostle ;-and whore are they ? My Lord, it would be far better for you not to moot this question : lot the hireling labour in his vocation, but forbear to bring him into humbling relief by a comparison with the called and chosen of God. I will not attempt to enter into the detail of these questions, but permit mo to ask, my Lord, what you mean by tho " Apostles in their minis- terial capacity ?" this is, indeed, to compare great things with small : "Ministerial capacity?" the Apostles in the capacity of ministers of tho Church of England? The Apostles, my Lord Bishop, were founders of churches : as for their call, they never had one such as your Lordship speaks of: we find no mention of letters dismissory being granted to St. Paul when he travelled out of Asia Minor into Macedonia ; nor is it recorded what three clergymen recommended him when he applied for orders, nor who gave him his title. It is perfectly ludicrous, my Lord, believe me, to speak of a minister's being lawfully called in the the same paragraph in which you mention tho Apostles. But you allege " It is a promise of spiritual teaching then thal we must look for," This, my Lord, is a most extraordinary admission in olio who pleads for tho outward forms of tho Church of England.' Think jou that the Lord God is straitened? think you that He can only adminis. ter baptism at one of your fonts? that lie can only teach spiritual things by outward cere- monials ? In the subsequent words of the same para- graph-" Where do we find in tho Bible a pro- mise of guiding into all truth any ministers save those who are lawfully called ?" I recognise ono of those fatal glosses which tho unworthy mem- bers of every church, in turn, have emplojed, to give to the ministerial calling a peculiar sanctity to the exclusion of the laity, which calls for a more serious and a more lengthened notice than my space allows : and this I propose to bestow upon it in a subsequent address -I have the honor to be, your Lordship's obedient servant, THOMAS SPURR. Church-street, Hobarton, Sept. 20, 1848. 