LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUF.8DAT, SEPTEMBER 19. Present; The Governor, the Colonial Secre- tary, tho Chief Justice, the Attorney-Gonoral, tho Colonial Treasurer, Chief Police Magistrate, Messrs. Kerr, Leake, Allison, Sharland, Dunn, and Fenton. Absent : The Colonial Auditor, Messrs. Dry and Gregson. The minutes of tho last meeting having boen read, Mr. Dunn presented the following petition, which was read and received : To his Excellency Sir WIIAIAM THOMAS DENISON, Knight, Lieittcnnnt-Governor, Ire $?<;., (fe., and the Honourable the Legislative Council of. Van Diemen'» Land The humble Memorial if the Underlined Importer^ and Dealers incertain Liquors called Cordials RESPECTFULLY SHOWETH-T- rfii f * That your memorialists! ^ro' grateful for the benefit intended to be conferred upon themselves and others, by the proposed amended Act,.entitling them to an allowance in future of the duties charged on unrfer-proof spirits. That, feeling1 fully assured of the desire of your Excellency and Honourable Council to make such amended Act as complete as possible in the measure of the justice it awards, they beg to represent that they have hitherto paid a duty of twelve shillings per gallon on cordials, although the strength of such cordials cannot be'ascer tained, but are supposed to bo never less than fifty percent, underproof: and although, as they believe, no duty beyond a five per cent, ad valorem is charged on similar goods in oither of the adja- cent eolonies. That, under snch circumstances, making cor- dials subject to a full proof duty of twelve shil- lings per gallon is so evidently unjust as to require remedy by the proposed amended Act. Your memorialists therefore respectfully pray that the article known and entered as cordials may either bo exempted altogether from pay- ment of a duty beyond the amount charged on dry goods, or that they may.be subjected to a duty only in proportion to their actual strength, or as a convenient and equitable adjustment, that (as there is a great difficulty in ascertaining that strength correctly) they may he charged at a fixed rate, not exceed- ing half the amount per gallon paid on brandy and gin For which consideration, Your memorialits will feel obliged. , Mr. Fenton presented the following petition from Mr. Richard Cleburne, praying that tallow imported for transit should be exempted from duty : To his Excellency Sir WILLIAM THOMAS DENISON, Knit/ht. Lieutenant - Governor, and to the Honouiable the Legislative Council of Van Diemens Land The Memorial of Richard Cleburne, Soap and Candle Manufacturer, anda Resident in thibcilg_ HUMBLY SHOWETH That your Memorialist is, with others in the colony, deeply interested in the proposed Bill for the exemption of certuin raw materials, the pro- duce of the adjacent colonies, nora the payment of the heavy duties to which they are at present subjected. That, with reference to such duty, your Me- morialist, not only as a manufacturer but as a colonist, is glad to observe the principle acknow- ledged in jour Excellency's minute-that it is unwise to subject to heavy import charges articles sent to the colony, in transit lo England, or for purposes of manufacture. That the encouragement which may be given to the manufacturer by the exemptions contem- plated, is absolutely required to enable him to compete with the trade of the adjacent colonies, and to establish, with profit, an export home of our colonial produce. That large quantities of tallow are consumed in Van Diemen's Land ¡ and that larger quantities would be sent to this colony for shipment to Eng- land as an exchangeable article of commerce, were it not for the duty therein alluded to, which creates a prohibition by rendering such barter uncertain and unprofitable. These facts being admitted in the minute read by your Excellency at the opening of the present session, your Memorialist does not deem it neces- sary to do more than respectfully pray That in the proposed Bill for the exemption of certain articles of raw material from duty, your Excellency and Honourable Council will also be pleased to include-tallow. (Signed) R. CLEBURNE. The honorable member observed, that the utmost latitude should be given to the proposed Act, in order to encourage colonial labour mid industry, and that there wore several other articles that might be judiciously included in the Bill, with a view to this beneficial object. The petition was read and received. The Colonial Secretary had two petitions to present; one from the inhabitants of Brown's River, the other from those of Sandy Bay-both upon the same subject, and both couched in the ' same language, 'i be purport of the petitions was ' to express tho dissent of tho petitioners from an opinion which had gone forth, that the inhabi- tants of those localities were adverse to the erection of turnpikes on the road : this was by no means the case, and the Council would perceive from the number of signatures appended to tho petitions that the majority were in favour of the toll-bars : the hon. member concluded by eulo- gizing the Bill, as a most equitable mode of tax- ation, and as obviating that worst kind of class legislation, which made the poor pay for the rich. After a few remarks from Messrs. Allison and Fenton, the petitions were read and received, and on the motion of the Colonial Secretary, one was ordered to be printed:- " To his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor and the Honourable Members of the Legis- lative Council assembled. We, the undersigned inhabitants of Sandy Bay and Brown's River, having heard that it has been asserted in your Honourable Council that the majority of the inhabitants of the localities re- ferred to are opposed to the passing of the Bill now before your Honourable Council for Ihe re- pair and maintenance of tho Roads leading to Brown's River, beg to express to your Excellency and Honourable Council our wish and desire that the said Bill should pass. We hove also been informed that a proposition is to be made to the effect that the Toll-bar to bo erected under the authority of the said Bill,' if passed, should be so beyond the entrance to the Sandy Bay Beach, for the purpose of enabling the inhabitants of Hobart Town to rido upon the said Beach without having to pay Toll towards the repair and maintenance of the said Roads. We humbly and respectfully submit our most earnest desire that, should ouch a proposition bo made, your Excellency and Honourable Members will take into your consideration the fact, that such a measure would operate most hardly upon those who can least afford to pay any Toll,-viz , the wood-carriers and gardeners,-whilst thoso who, it may be presumed by their position in society and other circumstances, aro better able to afford the sum required for the Toll, will have the use of a considerable portion of the said Road without contributing towards the sum that will be necessarily required in its maintenance and repair ; and the funds at the disposal of tho Trustees heing thus reduced, the maximum rate will always have to be kept up, whioh under other circum- stances it was hoped might speedily be reduced We trust that we shall not be deemed disre- spectful in observing, what must be evident to all, that if such a motion is made and carried, it will be class legislation,-making the poor to pay while the rich are exempt ; and much as we desire to have the Bill now before your Honourable Council pass into a law, we would far sooner that the Bill should be thrown out altogether than that such a clause be inserted in it. [Signed by 66 Persons.} Mr. Sharland gave notice of motion for a return of the licenses issued from the various police-offices to Kangaroo Hunters, specifying the free and tieket-of-leave. The Attorney-General gave notice that he should move the second reading of the amended Road Act to-morrow ; but would leave the second reading of the Water Act open. Mr. Allison gave notice of motion for a return of the Commissariat expenditure for the year 1848, and the probable expenditure for 1849; the hon. member said that the object of his motion had reference to the statistics of the colony. Mr. Allison also gavo notice of a motion for a return of the quantity of " over time " tobacco in the Bonded-store ; he wished also to ascertain the quantity that had been destroyed, which might have been useful for sheep washing, with a view to obviate such destruction in future. ~ The order of the day being called, the Council resumed, in committee, the further consideration of tho Savings' Banks Bill, which, after some trifling alterations in one or two of the clauses, was read a second time. ' > The Counoil then rose. '? WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 20. All the members present. .. * The motion of Mr.. Gregson that the' amended Road Act be read that day six months, was ne- gatived by the casting vote of the Governor. The following petition was presentod, read, 'and received ; it is of so much importance, and esppoially in its probable results, that wo insert it in full : To hi* 'Excellency Sir WILLIAM THOMAS DENISON, Lieutenant-Gnvernor, &c;, gre., $. Council of Van Diemen's Land, The Humble Memorial of John Morgan, a re- sident colonist, and Editor of the Britannia, REBPIXTFULLY SHOWETH That your memorialisthas earnestlyendeavonred by every means in his power, to draw the atten- tion of the Executive to the wrongs and insults heaped upon the, free community by placing men convicted and under supposed punishment for crime, in tho constabulary of this island as sworn conservators of the peace, and in the situations of watch-house keepers, javelin-men, Sec., in which situations they are called upon to exercise control and authority over free men, and occasionally over females, placed in their charge. That, although the Act by which constables are nominated in Van Diemen's Land gives power to the Chief Police Magistrate to appoint "fit and proper person»" to such offices, in tho opinion of your memorialist, it could not have been intended that convicts, some of them twice and thrice oon victed, should be placed in control over the freo inhabitants. That your memorialist is prepared to prove that men convicted of atrocious crimes havo not only been placed in such offices, but that many of that description have been pi omoted be/ore emancipa- tion to temporary police control in the interior district towns; and that some of them, transported to this colony for gross perjury, have been and are admitted (as constables) to givo evidence on oath, and to conviction, in support of informations against innkeepers and others, in the police offices and courts of public justice. That your memorialist has reason to believe that by such a constabulary great wrong and in- juries, which never can bo repaired, have been sustained by individuals, male and female-bond and free ; the former being, in numerous instances, sacrificed by their niorulortunate fellow-criminals for the blood- money and the rewards given for supposed services. That the characters, interests, and even liber- ties of your memorialist and every member of the community are liable to similar consequences under such a system That it is impossible to represent within the spaco of a memorial the deep, the degrading in- fluences attendant thereon, and against whieh your memorialist believes it to be his solemn duty to respectfully protest, at the same timo earnestly soliciting tho attention of jour Excellency and Honourablo Council to inferences which appear to bim deserving immediate consideration, viz. : 1st. By subjecting both free and bond to the control ol' convicts, the two classes are most im- properly amalgamated, and the necessary dis- tinction lost, whilst a power is assumed which your memorialist respectfully submits is not war- ranted by any law either human or divine. 2nd. If- f°r a few years, such an order of police control was either judicious or necessary in con- sequence of the excess of convicts over the free community, that necessity no longer exists ; and it is therefore now a measure of expediency, and not of justice. 3rd That although it may be proper, under particular circumstances, to control convicts by convicts, it is no longer even expedient that they should interfere in any way with the rights, interests, and liberties of the free population. 4th. That their conduct in many instances in tho interior districts, has been the means of driving from this colony a great number of the working free popoulation. 'I hat the evils of a convict police being fully understood and acknowledged in New South Wales, measures are being adopted by the Legis- lature of that colony for engaging in the mother country a sufficient number of respectable police- men to be employed on suitable pay, in order to remove so gross a stain upon its moral, social, j and political character. That if it be necessary longer to continue such a system in Van Diemen's Land (bat which yjur memorialist respectfully denies), in order to control the convict population, it should have no reference to the free community, who do not ask or wish to receive crime as a source of real or imaginary profit or protection, but, with him, are generally of opinion that the power thus given to convicts is a violation of every principle acted upon in every other colony of the British empire. That your memorialist, whilst making this ap- peal to your Excellency and Honourable Council, is fully aware that there are men in such situa- tions whose uniform good conduct entitle them to consideration, which he respectfully prays may be fairly awarded to them, it being his desire that strict justice should be done not only to the free but to the bond also. Your memorialist therefore respectfully prays that, in the consideration of the publio Expen- diture for the ensuing year, your Excellency and Honourable Council will be pleased to adoptsomemeasurefortberemedyoftheevilof which he complains, it being one of great im- portance to every class of the community, and as it respects the question of the future im- migration of the working classes from the mother country, is especially requisite. JOHN MORGAN. The order of the day was then called, and the Council went into committee on tho second read- ing of the amended Road Act, which was moved by the Attorney- General. Mr Fenton ro«e and expressed his opinion that tho publio i evenue should be in tho first instance applied to the pi oper formation of the main roads, and when that work had been completed, it was but fair and reasonable that the public should pay for the use of such roads ; the appropriation of the tolls, however, ought not to bo devoted to the repair of the streets of either Hobart Town or Launceston, but to be entirely expended on the roads respectively taxed ; that was the most fair and equitable adjustment that could be adopted ; for it was very clear that Westbury should not bo taxed for Brown's River, nor should Brown's River bo taxed for Westbury, or any other loca lity. The lion, member now adverted to an opinion formerly expressed hy him, thnt ho did not think the tax should fall upon the industrious and labouring portion of the population, who were few in number compared with the rich and affluent. He (Mr. Fenton) did not baso his arguments upon old and exploded theories-no such thing-but, as he considered the present measure not just in its general application, he should oppose the motion Mr. Sharland was desirous to examine into the " principle of the Bill ; ' the hon, member followed somewhat in the course of Mr. Fenton, and con- tended (as we.understood him) that a main road should not bo had at all, unless it was first formed by the Government, and placed in proper repair ; this being effected, it was but fair and reasonable that the road should be kept in continuous repair by the parties who used it. With respect to the erection of tolls, Mr. Sharland considered the practico bad, as to the making of the .roads, but perfectly feasible and proper for the tepair of such roads. The hon. member here adverted to the present system of road-making, observing that the Director of Roads resided at a distance from the works, which were left to the charge of overseers, who were moro anxious to keep the convicts under proper control than to obtain from their labour tho requisite amount of work ; he (Mr. Sharland) did not wish to reject the Bill altogether, but he was desirous that some modi- fication should take place in its principle. ' The Chief Justice was not willing to repeal any law at present existing, but witb respect to the present Bill, many things were introduced totally irrelevant to the mensuro What (asked his Honor) would b«- the effuct if the Act passed for the erection of toll-bars in only, particular spots and localities ? To prevent gentlemen evading the toll, a large number of bars must be placed, and thus would many gentlemen who never had occasion to use the main road, bo compelled to use it. The bon. and learned member referred to Messrs. Commissary Looker, T. D. Chapman, and others who had no occasion to travel by the main rond, but who. by, this Bill, would be in a manner compelled.to do so., Just at the'corner of Mr.' Swan's proporty the road turns round to- wards Kangaroo Bottom,'' and thence by the '.¿at I on the right, the toll at the main line might be evaded. To prevent this evasion, a bar must'bo put up, when many persons, his Honor himself as well as others, would have to pay toll for nota mile of road used. Then again there was the hard case of the wood-cutters, who in bad weather are already obliged to use two horses to drag their loads thiounh the bad roads; upon these poor and hard-working men the tax would conse- quently fall very heavily. All these points ought to be duly and maturely considered, and if the Bill was not altered his Honor said he should vote against it, but if it were made just and equitable he should offer no objection. The Colonial Secretary rose, and in an in- audible voice wished to obsorve, as far as we could understand, that the main line of road ought to be kept in repair by the expenditure of the tolls collected : the hon. member opposed the objections taken to the Bill, as being against the principle, rather than the details : he advocated the placing of side toll-bars, and expressed bis determination to support the measure, as in bis firm belief it was well calculated for the general benefit of the colony. Mr. Allison, although he had given his sonotion to the former Road Act, yet he never supposed that toll-bars would be erected near trc'prinoipal towns of the island, nor did he th£\?jhat any persons who wished to tako an ex^fT^P\ should be made to pay the toll for that ^í^f,í¿0'- The hon, member remarked, that he mf4pV*bcd the Colonial Secretary had given a plcdgo, to the effect that no toll-bars should be put up until tho road Was completed. The Colonial Secretary briefly replied that he was not in the habit of making any pledges. Mr. Leake wished to bring under the notice of the Council that there was a terrible outcry in the country, that the main line of road was out of repair, and that no one knew who was to repair it. After some observations by Mr. Dry, and a reply by the Attorney-General, the clauses of tho Bill were proceeded with, and those, which were adopted, passed. ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. It must be distinctly understood that the Editor of this Journal is not io be considered responsible for the opinions expressed by his Correspondents. The columns of the Colonial Times are always open to the free expression of opinion upon subjects of publie importante or interest ¡ but it must not even be supposed that we always agree with the views of our Correspondents. All communica- tions, involving facts, must be authenticated with the name and address of the writer. To the Editor oj the Colonial Time». SIR,-I have read with much interest a series of articles in the Advertiser, having reference to the Ten Tribes of Israel, and their restora- tion to their own land : and though I cannot agree with the writer in his assumptions, I can sympathise with his feelings of absorbing in- terest in the question, and hold it as one of far higher moment than any mere political specu- lation. I do believe that the hand that is putting all these secret springs in motion is Divine : I do hail it as the beginning of a great, glorious, and, alas for many, an awful epoch, long foretold, long prayed for ;-a " day of the Lord ;"-lo the faithful, a day of rejoicing, but with trembling ; to the unfaithful, a " day of darkness and not light." For we may be assured, that when " the Lord turns again the captivity of Zion," it will not be for her worldly aggrandisement, nor for the pomp and pride of luxury; but for holiness and righteousness for the putting away the lying lip and the blaspheming tongue, to make unto Himself a "peculiar people, zealous of good works ;" for God is the same yesterday, to day, and for ever. Coming to the consideration of the subject, then, with feelings solemn in their nature, I trust " Rusticus " will exonerate me from any charge of opposing his assumptions from levity or a spirit of captiousness, but will rather attri- bute it to a desire to elicit truth. Premising this, then, I must observe : 1st, That a journey such as he supposes could not possibly at that period have been achieved. 2ndly, That the similarity existing between the American In- dians and the Jews is no argument sufficient to establish that they are the same people. And 3rdly, That the Ten Tribes, so far from being lost, are now existing in those countries, men- tioned by the Prophet, whence the Lord shall recall them. Before we enter on'these three points, let me observe, touching the text which " Rusticus " has Selected out of Esdras, that it will not do to let it stand alone : the context also must be taken with it, and that, as a careful examination will show, is the whole book. The extract is from one of a series of prophetic visions, reach- ing to the end of time, with nothing appended to indicate in what period of that vast future the little incident should take place. Egra's own questions on the subject were answered in a manner consistent with the invariable law of God the Father, that " the times and the sea» sons knoweth no man." He is told the " times also of the Highest have plain beginnings in wonders and powerful works ; and endings in effects and signs." He is referred to " earth qu ikes and uproars " as preceding events, and many other awful and terrible things, which as in their nature they must bave attracted the attention of mankind; so must the event also which they heralded. Moreover, in the mi- gration alluded to by " Rusticus," they are said to enter " into Euphrates by the narrow pas- sages of the river ; for the most High showed signs for them, and held still the flood till they were passed over." It is added also, that " through that country, &c.;" What country? Manifestly that country in which the Euphrates runs ; and in order to make quite sure, there is superadded, what "Rusticus " has omitted; " and the same region is called Arsareth." The marginal reference in my copy of the Apocrypha renders this word " Ararath ;" and that this reading is received may be gathered by reference to Arrowsraith's Bible Atlas, where, under lat. 38 and Ion. 40, the place is called Arsareth.or Ararat, which lies about the passages of Euphrates ; and every one knows how readily r is commuted into s. Probably the time-a year and a-bajfr-does not refer to the extent of the ground to be travelled over, but, like the journey under Moses, to other circumstances connected with their transit The first point which I propose to establish, is-" That a journey, such as ' Rusticus ' sup- poses, could not possibly at that period have been achieved." In order to this, and to settle ray own ideas on the subject, X have calculated the length of the journey, Travelling from Syria by the shortest route to Behring'» Straits, that is on a great circle of the earth, they would cross the Euphrates and pass through Arsareth or Ararat, then through the Caspian Sea, over, the mountainous chain of Central J V,Jhrough the desolate Steppes of Siberia]; w'JP across those wide and dangerous rivers, K^b/^ either enter the Arctic Sea, or at least skpy long the northern coast of Asia to East Cape W} and this impracticable route is 5,400 miles fön length. But if we abandon this course, and suppose them, contrary to Esdras, not to come near the narrow passages of the Euphrates, nor to pass' through Ararat at all ; if we adopt the route which " Rusticus " prefers, we shall find the undertaking encumbered with difficulties dif- ferent, but nu less insuperable. First, the length of way is much increased. Supposing them to travel from Babylonia along the 32nd parallel of north latitude as far as the borders of China, a journey of 3,200 miles,-then to take the readiest course towards East Cape, they must conquer another distance of 4,200 miles. This amounts to 7,400 miles ; and this allows for no deviations, and disregards all impediments. But if we make the allowance usually made for high-roads in England, and and the very moderate proportion of one seventh, they had then, it appears, a journey to accomplish, 8,550 miles in length; and se- condly, to accomplish this journey in eighteen months. Now, supposing them to walk on without obstruction, to achieve this they must travel fifteen miles and a-half each day, in cluding their Sabbaths. Three hundred thou- sand captive Jews, with their wives and families, their flocks and herds, or at least their baggage and supplies, to travel through hostile countries, day by day, each day upwards of fifteen miles. If we suppose, what is quite certain, that they did not travel on the Sabbath Day, and allow them little more than half a day out of the six, for rest, for the crossing of rivers, &c;, they must have accomplished twenty miles per day. Now, Sir, I cannot but imagine, that if "Rusticus" will dwell consideringly on these particulars, he will think with me, that he has came to the conclusion, concerning which he entertains such a " settled conviction," a little too hastily. What, Sir, the passage of 300,000 people, with all their encumbrances, at this steady uniform rate, from an almost tropical climate where nature riots in the luxuriance of her productions, across the Indus, the Ganges, and the *7*lrrampooter, and their numerous tributaries through desert and unknown re gions f^across the Amour and the Lena, over the groat mountain chain, places where the foot of man had never trod ;-no pillar of cloud by day, nor pillar of fire by night, to comfort and support them ; no Urim and Thummim to guide them ; no manna from heaven to feed them ; theil feet in a waste, howling wilderness, and without knowledge and without any settled aim to cheer them on towards their destination ? I could sooner imagine America to have been peopled by an extension of the miracle of Jonah, and that a convoy of whales had been prepared to swallow a given number and vomit them forth upon the congenial shores of middle America;—this would but have required a miracle, and I am sure that nothing but a more stupendous miracle than God has ever seen fit to decree could have enabled them to perform the feat which " Rusticus " thinks so natural, supported as he may be by Menasseh Ben Israel. I said flocks and herds ;-but whence should they have them? Were they not captives, groaning under a cruel bondage ? If they gathered wealth, it was hoarded secretly, be- cause their Persian masters had then, as they have now, an insatiate appetite for Jewish gold : and whatever their possessions might be, it was impossible to make them available for the open purpose of a general migration. It required ten devastating plagues, and finally the destruction of Pharaoh and his whole army to liberate the Israelites from their Egyptian captivity a thousand years before ; and is it likely, omitting every other consi- deration, that if the Persians had allowed them to steal so quietly out of their hands, with all their possessions and the necessary appliances, that the world should not know it ? There is a connected chain of history for more than 2000 years back in which many absolutely trivial things are recorded ; and is it probable that the removal of a whole people from the very centre of civilization and luxury could take place, and no one record it ? So far, I have confined myself to the number which " Rusticus" himself has supplied, as the probable extent of the last tribes. But " Rus- ticus" must not overlook the circumstance that between the captivity and the period of their assumed migration to America nearly six hun- dred years had elapsed. During their Egyptian captivity (a much shorter period), the Israelites had increased from seventy persons to six hun- dred thousand men, besides women and children. We are told that they were dispersed through the one hundred and twenty-seven provinces of Media, Persia, and Mesopotamia, and in the book of Esther and the apocraphal books, we have a distinct assurance that they were there in large numbers, for more than a hundred years. At the time of their assumed migration they must have reached to millions, and thus in every way the difficulty is rendered seven-fold. I believe I have said sufficient to establish the fact that the supposed migration of the Jews to America was a thing impossible. In my next communication, I will, with your per- mission, discuss briefly the second branch of my subject, namely, " That the similarity ex- isting between the American Indians and the Jews is insufficient to prove that they are the same people."-I am, Sir, your obedient ser- vant. ELIA. To the Editor of the Colonial Times. SIB,-I would suggest to you that you would be doing a public service by publishing the letters which passed between Mr. Sorell and the Rev. Mr. Cox, Warden of the Bishops- bourne establishment called " a college," on the subject of the despotic proceedings of the latter gentleman, in reference to the two young Sorells. With much taste, Mr. Sorell has made no comments on these proceedings other than thosewhich he made in hisadmirable letters; but theseare very powerful. It does not follow that no other comments can or ought to be made ; but their force will be lost, if the letters them- selves are kept from the ears of the commu- nity. The exposure of cant and quackery is alwa)8 useful ; and Mr. Sorell has completely succeeded in making such an exposure. For this he deserves the thanks of the whole com- munity. But what is to be said of the conduct of the Visitor-Dr. Nixon. Could he or could he pot reverse the dictum of Mr. Cox ? My own impression is that he knew he had not authority to do so. If this is the case, he should have stated it manfully, and not have left it to be inferred that he approved of Mr. Cox's harsh conduct. It haB long been evident that Dr. Nixon éonsiders it desirable that the public should be led to suppose that in ecclesiastical matters he has authority and position, which in fact he does not hold, and perhaps it is his aim to have it believed that he has, authority in the atfairs-of the College- although he may have none. In either case his conduct has been highly censurable. But what now will be the fate of " the College?" Its fellowships and scholarships must be sadly at a discount from their uncertain tenure.-I am, Sir, your obedient Servant, A CONSTANT BRADES. [We begto assure " A Constant Reader" that we have not overlooked the College question. (i Want of space hrs alone prevented the publica- tion of the correspondence in our present \ number ; in our next, he may expect to see it. r -»».] To the Editor of the Colonial Times. _ MB. EDITOR,-I am again under the neces- sity of notioing charges being made weekly for clerical assistance. I believe it is univer- sally admitted by the colonists who are taxed to support the ecclesiastical establishment, that no additional expence on this bead ought to be entertained. The estimates for the year 1849 have been just submitted to the Local Council, composed of the nominees of the Government ; have the colonists any right to expect any oppo- sition to the Lieutenant-Governor's suggestions from a Council so composed ? The 1 lieutenant Governor observes in his address to the Council as follows: " I trust*, that When tho estimates are discussed m detail, the explanations which will be given'of the different items of the expenditure will te sa , «sfaotory to THK COUNCIL lil"/ , It li in vaia to look for justice so long astthe colonists are not represented. Applications to the Local Government, petitions to Parlia ment have all leen tried with no success ; neither the bold remonstrances of right nor the appeals of necessity cun make any impression. The voiceof the colony is exhausted by unavailing supplications ; but the colonists must still act with deliberate firmness, which of all conduct is the most fatal to apolitical adversary, and adds most strength and character to popular proceedings. The ecclesiastical establishments of the colony amount annually to thirteen thousand two hundred and ninety-nine pounds ; half of this expense ought to be defrayed by the British Government, especially as it is intended that the colony is to receive the banished malefactors of Great Britain! The schools are at an expense to the colony of four thousand eight hundred pounds ; half of this charge ought to be pajd by the British Government, being prin- cipally incurred for the education of the child- ren of the prisoners. And then we have a charge for paupers of four thousand and forty pounds a-yeur ; most of i these persons have been transported offenders, half of this charge ought therefore to' be borne by the British Government. The false appearance of wealth this colony has assumed from the high rental that is paid for hiring the waste lands of Government, the extravagant duties upon spirits, &c;, as com- pared with ihe Australian settlements, induces a belief in England that we are a very pros- perous colony ; but that we are the contrary is admitted by every unprejudiced person in Van Diemen's Land. The true state of this colony has been cruelly misrepresented for private purposes ; and the cuckoo cry is again revived here that free emigration to our shores would not be conducive to our benefit, as the induce- ment of high wages in New South Wales would I abstract the emigrants from the service of the colonists of Van Diemen's Land. To this I observation I reply, that the difficulties and privations the emigrants to New South Wales must undergo in being placed in remote situa- tions three or four hundred miles from the capital, and at enhanced price of tim necessaries of life consequent thereon, would not compen- sate any emigrants to leave our shorts for New South Wales. Sugar has been charged 9d. per lb. ; colonial tobacco, (is. per lb. ; and tea, tis. per lb., very recently, at a station nut one hundred and fifty miles from Sydney. The colonists have reason to believe that the powers that be wish to prevent free emigration to our shores, because many free emigrants have left us, and gone to the Australian colonies. I wish to ask a question of our S dons-is free emigration stopped to Canada and the pro- vinces of'British America, because half the emigrants that leave England find their way to the United States; the facilities of passage from one province to the other is only across a ferry of very confined limits. I persuade myself to hope, that sentiments so powerfully prejudi- cial to the welfare of the colony will be aban- doned, and that every encouragement will be given to free emigration. Without the colonists are up and stirring, it is evident that the colony will be doomed to suffer from being continued a receptacle for the banished malefactors of Great Britain, and that every respectable family will be driven from it for the benefit of a few government offi- cials who are identified with penal discipline. It has been repeatedly urged upon my notice from England that no community is safe whilst half, or anything like that number, are crimi- nals, and we ought to have gre.it rea«on to tremble for the condition of such a community, and might expect at any moment that it would go to wreck. ONE OF TUE PEOPLE. Avoca, Sept. 14, 1848. * To the Editor of the Colonial Times. SIR,-In a .former communication which you was so good as to insert in your journal of the 8th instant, I pointed out the fallacy of the doctrine that the prosperity of a country depends upon the value of its exports exceed- ing the value of its imports; and by a re- ference to a case, that of a farmer, I showed that the contrary is the fact, and that neither farmer nor country can be in a prosperous state except when the value of the imports exceeds the value of the exports. I was led to make that communication from the circumstance that I found the popular but false doctrine supported in the columns of the Advertiser, and from the consideration that it might be'of benefit to the community that the true doctrine should be commonly understood, and I am now led to make a few additional re- marks, as I find.that a return of the value of our exports and imports for some years past has been moved for in the Legislative Council, probably with the view of legislating on the subject. Should such be the intention, it is obvious that danger will ensue, if the legisla- tion is based on false principles, and it is be- coming in all to do what they can to avert a possible calamity. The remarks I made as to the case of a farmer, I intended only as an illustration suffi- ciently intelligible. I mean at present to limit my observations to the case of a merchant who sends out'of a country articles of its production to enable him to introduce other articles ; one namely who exports for the sake of importing. Now the value of the articles he exports must, in the country from which they are exported, be either-First, greater than the value of the articles he imports. Second, equal in value ; or 3d. less in value. If greater in value, he 1 exports to a loss, and would soon cease to ex- port ; if equal in value, he would export without I a gain, and would also sonn cease to export. The third case alone remains, that, namely, where the exports are less in val ne in the country of which they form the exports, than the arti- cles in exchange for which they are exported, that is, the imports of the country, and it is only in this case that there is a gain to the ex- porting merchant. In place, therefore, of an excess of exports over imports making a disadvantageous com- merce, the reverse is the case, and were it otherwise, foreign trade would soon come to a close. If it were possible to prepare perfectly accurate tables of the value of the exports and of the imports of all trading countries, it cannot be doubted that in every country, except in ex- traordinary and not lasting eases, the value of articles imported would be found to exceed the value of articles exported, and the measure of that excess would be the measure of the pros- perity of each cpuntry. ' In his work " On the Commerce of the United States," Mr. Pitkin states :-" The real gain of tho United States has been nearly in proportion as their imports have exceeded their exports ;" and he gives a particular example in illustration of the fact, or rather as showing the process leading to the fact. " In 1812," he says, " flour sold in America for nine dollars and a-half per barrel, and in Spain for fifteen dollars. The value of the oargo of a vessel carrying 5000 barrels of flour would therefore be estimated at the period of its ex- portation at 47.500 dollars ; but as this flour would sell when carried to Spain for 75,000 dollars, the American merchant would be enti tied to draw on his agent in Spain for 27,500 dollars more than the flour cost in America ; or than the sum for which he could have drawn had the flour heen exported in a vessel belong iing to a Spanish merchant. But the transac- tion would not end here ; the 75,000 dollars would be vested in some species of Spanish or other European goods (fit for,the American ronrket ; and the freight, insurance, &c.; would probably increase its value to 100,000 dollars ; so that in all, the "American merchant might have imported goods worth 52,600 dollars more than the flour originally sent to Spain." A transaction of this kind is surely advanta- geous to the country exporting the flour, and adds Pitkin, " its advantage-, it is evident, con- sists entirely in the excess of the value of the goods imported over those exported." It cannot be denied but the same process is followed by every exporting country, and the same result, advantage, must ensue, when the process termi- nates in the value of the imports exceeding that of the imports, which it will be found always to do, except under casual and extraordinary circumstances. I fear, Sir, I have drawn my remarks to too great a length. I trust I have written intelli- gibly, and that the remarks I have made may be thought over carefully by all who may pe- ruse them, and who are desirous of having clear notions on the subject to which they refer. I also sincerely trust that should any attempt be made to legislate for the colony, in reliance on the truth of the current fallacy, that the commerce of a country is only advantageous when the value of the exports exceeds the value of its imports* some one member of the Council in vy, from having studied the question, be in the position of advocating and expounding the oppo- site doctrine, and thus saving the colony from (r>ne of the greatest of all evils, " legislation founded on false principles." Z. P. S_le is hut right to add, that the quota- tion from Pitkin is taken from one of M'Cul loch's Treatises on Commerce, in which he supports the doctrine, that the excess of the value of the imports of n country over the value of us exports, is the measure of the prosperity of evei y trading community. To the Editor of the Colonial Time. Sin,-The ordination of so many deacons to-day in St. David's Cathedral induced ine to look into the Prayer Book for information as to the manner in which the ordination is cairied out. In reading the service I met with a diffi- culty which I could not explain to my own sa- tisfaction. I shall feel obliged if any of your readeis can assist me. The difficulty is this: the collect for the service commences thus. *' Almighty Godl who by thy divine Providence hist appointed divers orders of ministers in thy church, and didst inspire thine Apostles to choose into the order of deacons the first martyr Stephen, with others; mercifully behold, &c;, &c; , &c.;" Now, in this prayer, it is distinctly asserted that the Apostles were inspired to choose the first deacons-S(. Stephen and others-and likewise that they did choose them ; but in the passage from the Acts of the Apostles given in the same service, the multitude of the Disciples are stated to have chosen them : " Then the Twelve called the multitude of the Disciples unto them, and said, it is not reason that we should leave the Word of God, and serve tables. Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest repute, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint on this business. But we will give ourselves continually to prayer and to the ministry of the Word. And the saying pleased the whole multitude. And they clwse Stephen, a man full of faith and the Holy Ghost, and Philip, and Prochonus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parmenas, and Nicholas, a proselyte of Antioch, whom they set before tho Apostles ; and when they had prayed, they laid their hands on them." Here is a staggering contradiction to the assertion of the prayer that the Apostles chose the first deacons-and this is what I should feel obliged by having explained. But if it cannot be explained, has not Holy Scripture been perverted in the service for the ordaining and making of deacons? And if perverted, with what intent ? Was it to keep out of view the great, fact that the congregation-commonly called the laity-originally chose their minis- ters- that the voice of antiguity declares so and that this was the practice of the church in its purest da) s-although in the present day the congregation are no more consulted in the matter than if they were literally whit figur itively they are styled-a flock-a senseless flock. But, besides, if it cannot be reconciled-if the statement in the collect framed by man that the Apostles chose the first deacons-can- not be shown to consist with the statement of the Word of God that " the multitude of the Disciples chose them," is it not presumptuous or worse in anyone to approach the Almighty in prayer for a blessing in w hich is made a statement historically false-in which the ac- count of a transaction of so much importance is falsified to serve a purpose. ALPHA. Hobart Town, September 21,1848. WE extract from the columns of our con- temporary, the Launceston Examiner, the following recently received intelligence : IMPORTANT FROM INDIA.-Conspiracy Disco- vered in Lahore -The Madras Spectator of the 5th June, contains a detailed account of the dis- covery of a conspiracy of a serious nature in La- hore, from which we compile the following :-" It was arranged by the conspirators that on the night of the 18th May an attack was to be made on the Delhi gate, which was to have been opened by the discontented Sepoys in some of the British regiments The Sepoys were to fire blank cart- ridge, and the party admitted were to be joined by some 20,000 or 30,000 men inside, when they were to have commenced the slaughter of the British troops, taking measures to prevent their escape by the two gates at the other side of tho city. The conspirators expected a large rein- forcement from Mooltan. It appears, however, that their plan was very badly laid, and even if it had not been discovered, they could not have succt eded. The discovery was made by a Itus seldar of Major Wheeler's, or 7th Irregular Ca- valry, who suspected that something was browing, and mixed with the people. He soon got scent of the plot and joined as a conspirator When he had ascertained all their plans, he lost net a mo- ment in telling his own commanding officer, who instantly informed the resident. Sir Frederick Pollock spurned the idea, and told Major Wheeler , the man must be a fool. The Major knew the native character better and advised a search, and everything turned out as described by the Rus seldar. _ Nearly all the native regiments are more or less implicated, according to the confession of one of the ringleaders, which must be taken with great caution. Some of the regiments have been confronted by the reprieved men that those who had taken a part might be detected. The 8th, 36th, 46th, 52nd, and 73rd, stood the test very well, as only a few men were put upon. The same cannot be said of the 18th, and 50th, who were moro deeply compromised. The old Ranee is said to bo fearfully implicated ; she had advanced money ; it is reported 2 lakhs of rupees have been disbursed. When tho roll was called in the 50th Regiment, several of the men fairly .' bolted" from the ranks ; the only officer on horseback was the doctor. It was decided by Sir F. Currie, after a durbar, that all should be expelled the fakeers from the city. Rajah Deena nath has however strongly persuaded the resident not to attempt it as it may lead to a riso cn masse of the population. The wing of the 14th Light Dragoons, left at Ferozeporo are ordered to La horo ; but thero is room neither for the men nor officers. H. M. 32nd are to move from Uinballah to Feroxepore, and H. M. 98th to replace the 32nd»t,,Umbalifth. COCHIN CHINA.-An extraot from the Colombo Observer of? 22nd May, announced the loss of seventeen American whalers in a typhoon, on the north west'coast of Cochin China. Further^ that Dr. Uettelheim had been murdered by the natives,, also the French missionaries, after having been' barbarously toitured. t " t ADEN.-A private letter from Aden, datodthe 18th April, published in the Bombay Courier, an- nounces disturbances in Mocha as tollowB :-The Euphrates has been suddenly despatched to Mocha, owing to the disturbances there having assumed a moro threatening form. The Turkish soldiers, who are further in arrears of pay than any soldier can patiently endure to be, have, it is supposed, shewed a disposition to screw the Ban- yan and other merchants, who, again, in their extremity, solicit the protection of government. 