THE TURCO-GREEK QUESTION. This subject, which has occupied the attention of the various European Cabinets for nearly «leven months, has at length been terminated by Gieece making the amende honorable to Turkey. The position of Turkey on the occasion was such as to render the acceptance of anything short of a complete and satisfactory apology from Greece impossible ¡ and the only wender is why it should have been so long delayed. The particulars are as follow : After the reply of His Majesty the Emperor of Russia to the letter of King Otho, the Ministers were in daily council to consider of the weighty matter then it} question ; and, after much discus, sion, it is decided that M. Glara&i; should write to His Excellency Aali Effendi the letter demanded by that Minister, expressing the regret the Greek Government felt at the misunderstanding now existing between it and the Porte, and at the same time to express the same regret to Mr. Mussums. This letter was remitted to the Russian Charge d' Affaires ic Athens, Mr. Persiani, and by him forwarded to Baron TitotF, at Constantinople, by the Austrian Lloyd's steamer, on the 13th inst., by a special messenger. There can be but little doubt but the Porte will accept the apology given, though so late in the day,* and tbe friendly relations formerly exiatiug between the two countries be renewed. Greece has already suffered much ia her com. meroe, «ad the withdrawal of the edict prevent ing her trading with Turkish perts will cause a general feeling of joy to succeed to that ef deep regret now or lately prevailing. AMERICAN IDEAS OF TUB GOLDEN AGE. Pr*f kai* Idea mf4mu CaM.« rrfy*.--Wutm »tl thy world is converted, and t get two thousand dollars a year. PUBLISHER' IDEA,.-Whsa author's can be cheated with impunity, and I can pirate books and steal copyrights, without a word of a murmur from anybody. AUTHOR'S IDEA.-When magazines have at least one page devoted to common sense, and when I shall get a fair chance by means of an international copyr ght. HORSE'S IDE«.-When the devil gets a'l the omnibuses, and I can ride in a carriage drawn by the cabmen who used to drive me. OUR FRIEND'S IDEA.-When he is released to enlighten the world, and lunatic asylums are appro priai»-d to the safe keeping of political wranglers and reformers. MR CAUDLE'S IDEA.-When women learn pa tience and silence, and wives become dumb waiters to their husbands. MRS CAUDLE'S IDEA.-When husbands furnish all the money their wives want, without asking im» pertinent questions, and eat what's set before them without any grumbling; SIGHTS OP ASTRONOMERS.-It is really beginning to be very desirable that some check should be kept on the alleged discoveries of the amateur astronomers, some of whom send a iew star, or a new comet, nea ly every day, to one of the da«ly newspapers, lt is very easy to drop a comet int » tue editor s box ; but, unless there ls some one to answer for the reality of tlie "round unvarnished tait" we are not justified in accepting, as a fact, the alleged discovery. Newspaper managers have not time to look after these things, and. it they get a communication from a respectable party, saying, "I beg to enclose you a new star, which I dis covered last night, in rambling through the Milky Way,'' the editor is bound to accept the statement as (rue, for he has no opportunity of tuting his correspondent's veracity. We used to look upon the clerk of the weather as a fabulous officer ; but we are sure that some functionary of the sort, com. missioned to keep the stars posted up in a ledger, and the skies credited with any new acquisition, wouH be found v-ry conducive to the real interests of science. Every twinkler should be faithfully registered; and if there be an eclipse, or anything else out against him, a note should ba made of the fact, and the reco d should be open to the public on payment of a small fee for searching. This would be much better than the loose system of keeping oar astronomical accounts which ia now iu force, and which seems to depend ou amateur star gazers, who send gratuitously the result of their observations to the newspapers. We are not sur prised that the comets and stars spoken of by these gentlemen are never to be found when looked for. Our starry registration system might contain an index that shou'd be easy of reference, and by turning at once to the page itcoald be ascertained whether the star was in its proper place, or whether its existence was not a mere optical illusion of the alleged discoverer.-Punch. ROM V. WATER.-" If you are fond of spirits, Broadcloth," he continued, " I advise you«o leave ghosts alone, and make acquaintance with good old Jamaica spirits. Instead of frightening you out of your wits they will put wits into you, and that won't burt you at no time. If you continue to drink cold water much longer, my boy. your senses will perish of the d y rat as sure as you are born. You look as yaller as a pond-lilly now : and it is all owing to bad" water. Man was never mide to drink water, or natur* would have put him on all fours, with his mouth near the running streams like all animals intended to u-e it. Rut man was calculated to stand straight up upon his pegs, with bis mug as far from the cold springs and fish-spawny brooks as possible, and had apple trees, and sugar canes, and barley, and what not, given him ; and sense put into his pate to distil good liquor from them, and hands to lift it up to his lips when made, and a joint in Iiis back to bend his head backward, that it might slip down his throat easily and pleasan'ly ; and by the same token here is your good health, old fellow, and wishing yon might have better beverage in future than horses and asses have. Now Jamaica spirits I would recommend to you.-Life in a Co lo*y by Sam slick. SIR CLOUBESLEY SHOVELL'S FXEET -Sir Clou desley Shovell's ships' guns, about thirty in num ber, and several round and cross bar shots, were seen on the 17th ultimo, near a r»ck called the Oilstone, to the westward of the Scilly Islands, by a diver belonging to the cutter Argyle, Moses, of Jersey. He states that two of the guns could be raised with ease, but the remainder are covered over by a rock apparently of about 30 tons weight, which must have fallen upon them. He recove'ed two round shot of about 241b, and a cross bar shot of some weight. An anecdote told of Mrs Butler on her passage to this island. - lt appears that the fair actress was very ill on board tho steamer, and. consequently, not much in the humour to be spoken to. 1 he stewardess was, however, obliged to ask for the fare, when the application was answered by M rs 1Î ejaculating with a truly thea'neal lone and atti tude-" Woman, when you see a poor creature suffering as I am now. you should not ask for money"-Guernsey Star. A SCENE IN ONE OF TUE STRERTS OF MAORID. -Don Andres advanced hts head a little, a moon, beam fell upon ir, and Juaneho's quick eye de tected bim. " Good !" said Andres to himself, " I am caught. Now, then, cool and steady." Juancho threw down bis guitar, which resounded mournfully on the pavement, and ran up to Andrei, whose face is now in the full moonlight, and whom he at once recognised. '* Wxat do you here at this hour?" said the bull fighter, in a voice that trembled with passion. " I listen to your music : it is a refined amu eraent." "If you listened, you heard thet I allow no one to set foot in tms street when I sins." "1 am natu rally very disobedient," replied Andres, with perfect cool. ess. " Y« .u will change your etta, ratter to-day." "Certainly not: I am attache I to »ty habits." "Defend yourself, then, or die l" cried Juancho, drawing his knife, and rolling his cloak round his arm. His movements weie imi tated by Andtes, who placed himself on gutrd with a promptness that showed knowledge of the treapon, and somewhat surprised the bull fishier. And<es had long practised the navaja under one of the best teachers in Seville, as at Paris one sees ycuog men of fasnion take lessons of savate and singlestick, reduced to mathematical prin ciples by Lecourt and Boucher. Juancho hove ed about his adversary, advancing his left arm, protected by numerous folds of cloth, as a buck er, his right drawn back to give mote swing end forre to the blow; now stooping with knees bent, then rising up like a giant, and again sinking down like a dwarf; but tbe point ot bis knife was always met by the cloaked arm of Andres. Alternately retreating and suddenly and im* petuously attacking, he sprang right and left, balancing his blade on his hand, as though about to hurl it at his foe. An ires replied several times to these varied attacks by such rapid and well» directed thrusts that a less adroit combatant tuan Joancho would hardly have parried them, ll WAS truly a fice fight, and worthy » circle of spectators lined in tbe art; but, unfortunately, the windows were all closed and the street was empty. Academicans of San Lucar, of the Potro of Cordova, of the Albaycia of Granada, and of the barrio of Triana, [places of bad fame in the respective towns, frequented by thieve* and sus. picious characters,! why were ye not the e to witness the daughty deeds of these valient cham pions? Tue two champions, vigorous though they were, grew fatigued with sush violent ex ertions. The sweat streamed from their temple-^ their breasts heaved like the bellows of a forge, their feet were heavier on the ground, their movements less elastic. Juancho le t the point of Andres' knife pierce his sleeve, and bi« rage redoubled ; with a desperate bound, and at risk of his life, fae sprang like a panther upon hts enemy. Andres fell backwatds* and in bis-fall burst open the imperfectly-fastened door of Miiitona's house, in front of which the duet oc curred. J um «ho walked quietly away. Tba nerena wfiu just thea passed the ead of tb« street, uttered his monotonous cry, " Las once y media y set mo" [half-past eleven, and a fine night.] la agony of anxiety Militona had listened tram her window to the noise of thia^çnnfl'ct. _ She would. "Eave called 'forbelprtjut* her tongue dove to her palate, and terror compressed her throat with Its'* iron fingers. At last, half frantic, and uncon scious of what she did, she staggered, down stairs, and reached the door just as il wa» forced open by the weight of Andres inanimate body. " Blackwood'« Magazine." TOM THOMB'8 FOXTON E.-Tom Thumb's see* retary has furnished one of the Syracuse papers w th a statement nf his receipts in Emope, which are said to be as follows : -His receipts in Europe were £l5i),00Osterling, or 759,OM din. ; i reckoning 56 sovereigns to the pound avoirdu pois, 3678 lbs., of gold, 178 times his own weight. In silver the weight would be 46,375 lbs. Cal culating that au ordinary horse would draw 850 lbs., it would require 55 horses to draw the precious load. As the General only weigh« ¡5 lbs., the silver would make 3125. statues of bis own weight. Calculating (hat each dottar mea sures an inch and a half, it would reach in a straight line about 25 miles ; and supposing each dollar is one-eighth of- an inch in thickness, piled one upon the other, it would reach over a mile and a half in height."-" New York Express." LEECHS« AND LAWYERS.-They have discovered, >'- appear«, at the Hotel Dieu, a process by «rh oh leeches may be made available a second tim«. It is j " to promote dr-gorgement by rapid pressure between 1 «he finders." We wonder if the same process won ld have the like ti pjiy effect on sharp attorneys. ('* Ttke a rois te liv,'* says-cr 6bouid tay-Lord Denman.) i Trie GtiEArfBT AticuirRcr OF ma PJP.TOSS. Tom rimmii ss budding a handsome palace in Ame rica. When it is completed, never will an edifice have been raised upon so small a foundation ! CONJURING.-In a very old copy of a work now extant, on necromancy, is the following quaiat pas« sage Question. How to raise a dsvil 1-Answer. Contradict your wyfie. 