GENERAL QUA RTER SESSIONS. Monday. The General Quarter Sessions for the City and District of Sydney, commenced this day. beforo tlie Chairman and George Forbes, Esquire, J. P. George Iverson was indicted for stealing a cigar case and memorandum book, from the person of Charles Jobson ut the Theatre, on the night of the 8th Juno last. Vei diet Guilty. — Sentenced to be worked in irons, for j six months. Patrick O'Brien was charged with nttering a counter feit half crown, with intent to defraud Thomas Turner, Publican, Pitt-street, — Verdict Guilty. — Sentenced to be imprisoned in Sydney Gaol with hard labor, for six mouths. Samuel Tearee, pleaded guilty, to stealing a box containing wearing apparel, — Sentenced to be confined in Darlinghui'st Gaol with hard labor, for six mouths, j John Lane, was indicted for stealing money, and wenring apparel, the property of John Johnson,— .Ver dict Guilty. — Sentenced to be worked iu irons, for twelve months. John Wood, was indicted for uttering a counterfeit half-crown, with intent to dafraud Thomas Turner, Publican, Pitt-street, — Verdict Guilty. — Sentenced to be imprisoned in Darlinghurst Gaol, with hard labor, for six months. James Winstanlcy, was indicted, for assaulting one George Aleock, a constable, — Verdict not Guilty — The prisoner was discharged. Henry Arthur W inland was indicted for embezzling tlie proceeds of a cheque, given him by George Sey mour to place in the Union Bank of Australia to the credit of Mr. Seymour. Tlie cheque, which was for £20, was drawn on the New South Wales Bank, by Mr. George Clark in favor of Mr. Seymour. The prisoner, who was collector of Mr. S., got the same cashed at the New Soutli Wales Bauk, and appropriated the money to his own use. On this indictment the pri soner was acquitted ; and again arraigned for the sarao offence, as servant to Mr. Seymour. — Verdict, guilty. Sentenced to be confined in Sydney Gaol, witli hard labor, for 12 mouths. Patrick Russell was indicted for stealing money and wearing apparel, from a dwelling house, tho propoi ty of Edwin Jenkins. — Verdict, guilty. — Sentenced to bo worked iu irons for 12 mouths. William Jones pleaded guilty to a larceny, aud was sentenced to be worked in irons for 12 months. Elizabetli Jackson was indicted for assaulting one Eliza Taylor, with intent to do her some bodily luir>n. Verdict, Not guilty, and tlie prisoner was discharged. "Mary Buckley pleaded guilty to a larceny, and was sentenced to bo confined in Darlinghurst gaol, with hard labour, for two months. Nortiiumiiirland Boroughs. — The news respecting tlie decision of this election, which was published iu our issue of Monday, has been confirmed by letters received yesterday. Mr. Nichols lias beeu returned by a majority of one hundred and five ; qlic number of votes recorded being, for Mr. Nichols, IS' ; Mr. Moir, 81\. There were not any votes recorded for M". Grant ; Mr. Iteid and Captain Biddulph withdrew themselves from the contest. Tlie Returning Officer was expects d to declare tho true state of the poll yesterday. In East Maitland tne numbers were as follows : — Nichols, 48 ; Moir, 34. West Maitland — Nichols, 109 ; Aloir, -1. Newcastle — Nichols, 31! Moir, 25- Cook and Westmoreland. — Tlie following is tho result of the Election : — . martin. olleeke. Wilberforce. .. . 00 40 Hently 21 12 Penrith 10 1 Bathurst 11 1 102 54 Being a majority of 48 in favor of Mr Martin. County of Cumberland Election. — In consequence of an advertisement calling on the electors for the county to take into consideration the merits of the respective candidates, a numerous and highly respect able meeting, was held yesterday evening at seven o'clock, at Entwistles in York-street. The Mayor having been called to the chair, several gentlemen addressed tlie meeting, Mr. Sheriff Young, Mr. G. A- Lloyd, Mr. T. Y. Cape, supported tlie claims of Mr. Cowpcr and Mr. II. G. Smith, Mr. Flood and Mr. C- n. Chambers those of Mr. Lawson. A general call h iving been made for Mr. Love that gentleman came forward and, iu the course of an eloquent speech, pro nounced a high panegyric on the senatorial merits of Mr. Cowper, whom he pronounced to have been by far tlie most useful member of tlie late Council, aud declaeed that notwithstanding tlie numerous and important points of political difference between them he should consider the electors blind to their own interests if they did not return him, and ungrateful for past services if they did not place him at the head of tlie poll- In regard to Messrs. Smith and Lawson, of whom he had less knowledge, he considered tho former decidedly the preferable candidate. Reselutions wer® then put and carried that Messrs. Oowper and Smith were fit and proper persons to represent the County, and Mr. Lowe was called to tlie chair for tlie purpose of voting thanks iu tlie usual way to tlie Eayor ; when, it Saving been remarhed that tlie question had not been put respect ing Mr. Lawson, a very irregulrr discussion arose, nnd some confusion ensued. Captain Moriarty, Mr. Charles Lowe, and Mr. F1 od having spoken at some length, the question was put that Mir. Lawson was a fit and proper person to represent the County, which appeared to be negatived. A vote of thanks having been passed to the Mayor for his conduct in the chair, the meeting broke up at about half-past nine. Supreme Court. — Nisi prisi sittings for trial of causes by juries of four will commence this day at 10 o'clock. Two judges will sit in tho Insolvent Juris- d:o:ion at 11. Absconding from Hired Service — Samuel Jarwood who was examined at the police office on Monday, upon a charge of absconding from the hired service of Mr. Garland, tlie farrier, in George-street, was ordered to return to his employer, the magi'trates not wishing to punish him by sending him to gaol, on account of his having a large family. Aldermau Fisher, who appeared as a witness for Mr. Garland, proved that Imwood having been indebted to him £11 or £12 for rent, lie dis trained upon his goods ; whereupon Mr. G. gave his promissory note for the amount due, Imwood promising that lie would work it out. He, however, cad neglected his business continually sinee, and last week absconded from service altogether. On hearing the decision, he expressed his determination not to go back ; but the Bench preferred giving him twenty-four hours for re flection to transmitting him to Darlinghurst. Police Office,— There were eighteen cases on tho free list to- day, no less than nine of which were assault cases, a description of litigation which is on the in crease. The summons ilist contained six cases, four of which were at the instance of the Inspector of Nui sances ; the drunkards numbered six, and the convict list four. Captain Inues, Mr. Flood, and Dr. Mitchell, were the magistrates in attendance, tlie former of whom was kept till a late hour eugaged in a private examination of tlie parties concerned in the extensive robbery of Messrs, Kowand, Maenab, and Co.'s stores. In.qui.st. — -An inquest was held at Mr. Dii era, "The Tiivee Tuns," Elizabeth street, on the body of | Catherine Murphy, then lyiug dead in the Sidney Infii- mary. From the evidence of Uathsheba Ghost, a nurse ill that establishment, it appeared that the deceased vves taken into the Infirmary on the 20th of last month. She Was suffering from a fracture in the leg, which she , stated she hud received from having fallen down some ! stairs ; she did not attribute blame to any one, and i died about three o'clock yeste.day morning. l>r. M'Evvan gave evidence as to the fracture, which was ' Set shortly after her reception ; and that she did very well for a few days, until tetanus ensued, under which she sunk. The jury returned a verdict of " died from the effects of injuries accidentally received." | Shoplifting. — The female named Rosunna Ramfrey, who was brought up to the Police Office on Monday, for attempting to steal a piece, containing niuo 1 lack silk handkerchiefs from the shop of Mrs. Perkins, in George street, was sentenced, yesterday, to twelve months in the third class of the Female Factory, at Parrainatta, and her ticket-of-leave cancelled. Tlie prisoner was a j . similar description being against her at tlie present ti e- Coat Stealing. — Ilenry Nichols, a cabman, charged a man named Ilenry M'Garvie, yeste.day, witli having stolen a coat from tho prosecutor's residence in Peudray's Buildings, Castlereagh-street. Tlie coat was taken from behind tho door of the house, on t'ue 19th instant, and no account was got of it till Monday, when Nichols aecidently stumbled over tlie prisoner who had tlie coat on his back. The account lie gave for its possession was that he bought it of some person in tho Hayniarket, in tlie presence of a policeman. As it ap peared that tlie prisoner had Only just como down tho country, and was likely to have been made tlie dupe of some Sydnoysharper tlie caso wasTomunded till to-day, in order to give liim an opportunity of procuring the attendance of tlie policeman who witnessed tho bargain. Electioneering Assault. — Mr Richard Crampton, a resident of Parramatta-street, was sentenced yester day to enter into securities to keep the peace for twelve months, himself in £4'j, and two sureties of £20 each, towards all lier Majesty's subjects, but moro particularly towards Mr Benjamin Sims, a watch maker in the same street, upon whom lie laid com mitted an unprovoked assault on Saturday last. It appeared from the statement of Mr Siins that he was an active partizan in tlie election of Mr Lowe, while Mr Crampton had adopted the views of the opposing candidates, Messrs Wentworth and Bland. In tlie course of Friday it came to Mr Crampton's ears that his neighbour had made use of expressions which were not exactly parliamentary, inasmuch as they questioned his fairness in electioneering tactics, having accused him of getting a lot of lads to represent " dead men," this being the technical phrase for extinct voters. Crampton went to Mr Sims' shop, determined to hear the rights of the affair ; the latter denied having made use of tlie assertion complained of, but Mr Crampton not placing implicit reliauce upon his statement, or inflamed by certain other observations which were then dropped, struck Mr Sims in tlie mouth, and covered liim with blood in an instant. The consequences resulting from this attack were tho issuing of a warrant from the Police Office, and enter ing into sureties for good behaviour as stated. We understand that tlie brig Sophia was sold yester day, by Mr. G. A. Lloyd to Captain By worth for six teen hundred pounds. 