A GHOST IN DAYLIGHT. (From the " Kelso lrarder.") The superstitions of last century have no: entirely passed away. A remnant is still left at the present day, even in the heart of the agricultural county of East Lothian, as the following will show. One Sunday a worthy elder of the free church, who is a farmer and a bachelor, left his house in the care of a female domestic, while he went oil his way to attend his regular place ol worship. No sooner had he taken the road than a great noise was heard in the room he had left, which sounded like the pattering of many feet. Such a sound proceeding from the master's own room waS anything but " canny," and so frightened was the servant that she called in a neig bour, but she in her turn also got frightened, when both took to their heels and ran a distance of a quarter of a mile to where the hinds' houses are, when their story of the house being haunted was soon told to the gaping wonder of the assembled women. After many consultations, curiosty got the better of their fears, when it was resolved they should go to the ha' house in a body and endeavour to make out the cause of the disturbance. This was accordingly done, but on reaching the room door, the same noise was still heard with even greater violence than before, but none would venture to open it; at last one of the women espied a man on the public road, and to him they applied for counsel and assistance. The man very courageously agreed to lend his aid, and laughed at their fears, telling them there were no ghosts now-a-days; but no sooner was he in the house, and heard the noise, than he also was affected with the malady, and declared .his unwillingness to open the door. In this dilemma there was nothing for it but waiting with patience until the master came home from church. As the noise was louder than ever, they wisely concluded that this was a warning that he had not long to live-of course the warning could not apply to themselves. In the interim all the stories that ever were heard of about warnings and ghosts were fully discussed, until the worthy elder made his appearance, when, with breathless anxiety, lie was told of the awful sounds heard; but to calm their minds he proposed to read a chapter of the Bible to them, which was accordingly done. Thns fortified, the elder opened the room door, when the astonishment of the females may be more easily imagined than described, when out started the ghost in the shape of a pet foal that had been in the habit of following its master into the house, where it was generally regaled with a piece of bread, but in the present instance had been inadvertently shut in the room. 