OLD BACHELORS The following parody of Southey's celebrated lines upon "The Waterfall of Lahore*' will be duly cited by our fair friends: They are wanderers and ramblers-never at home, Making sure of a welcome wherever thoy roam. And every one knows that the Bachelor's de . Is a room set apart for thqse singular men A np.ok in the clouds, of some five feet by four, Though sometimes, by chance, it may be rather more With skylight, or no light, ghosts, goblins, and ''gloom, And everywhere termed-"the old Bachelor's room ' These creatures, they say, aro not valued at all, Except when the herd give a Bachelors' Ball. Then drest in their best In their gold-bordered vest, It is known as a fact That they can act with much tact, * ' " And they lisp, "How d'ye do?" And they coo and they woo, And they smile for a while, M Their fair guests to beguile, "Condescending and bending, Mor fear of offending. Though inert And they spy They exert With their eye, To'bo pert, And thoy sigh ' And to flirt; As they fly, And they whisk and they whiz, And aro brisk when they quia ; Cor they meet Advancing, To be sweet And glancing, - And are fleet And dancing, On their feet, And praucing, Sliding and guiding, with minuet pace, Pirouetting and setting vyith infinite grace ; ' And jumping, And racing, ». And bumping, And chasing ' , And stumping, And papitig, And thumping, And lacing, They arc flittering and glittering gallant and gay, Yawning all morning, and lounging all day. But when ho grows old, And his sunshine is past, Three score years being told Brings repentance at last. He then becomes an old man ; His warmest fiiend's the warming-pan ; He's fidgefty, fretful and weary ; in fine, Loves nothing but self, his duiner and wine; He rates and he prates, And reads the debates, Dsspised by the men, and the women ho hates ; Then posing, And poring. And dozing, And snoring, And cosing, And boring And nosing, And roaring I Whene'er he falls in with a rabble, His delight is to vapour and gabble ; " He's gruffy, And musty, And puffy, And fusty, Ht sits in his- slippers with back to the door ; Near freezing And grumbling And wheezing, And mumbling, And teasing, " And stumbling, 'And sneezing. And tumbling, He curses the carpet, or nails in the floor ; Oft falling, Oft walking, Oft bawling, ' Oft aching, And sprawling, And squaking, And crawling, And shaking, HUj hqnd is unsteady, his stomach is sore ; He's railing, Unchcery, And failing, And dreary, And ailing, And weary, And groaning, and moaning, His selfishness owning, Grieving, and heaving, Though nought ho is leaving But pelf nnd ill health, Himself and his wealth. He sends for a doctor to cure or to kill, Who gives him advice, offence, and a pill, Who" drops him a hint about making a will. As fretful antiquity cannot be mended, Tho miserablo life of a Bachelor's ended. Nobody misses him-nobody sighs Nobody grieves when the Uachelor dies. 