'WESLEYAN MISSIONS. Gentlemen — It was not until my return from the Burra, on Satuiday evening, that I saw your remarks on the Wesleyan Missionary Meeting, held in Gaw- ler- place Chapel, on Monday, the 13th instant. I immediately saw that the words you quote from what I said in that meeting were capable of misconstruc- tion, and resolved to trouble you with a few lines, which I trust you will oblige me by publishing. The words to which I refer you have considered suffici- ently important to justify their being printed in italics and small capitals, and are as follows : — 'Let it be understood, that the money subscribed is all to be sent home. It is not intended that any of it shall be employed in the colony. The whole is to be applied to OTHER PARTS OF THE WORLD.' You very properly observe this is a Wesleyan Missionary Station, and that is the very reason why I called attention to the fact stated above. The Wesleyan Ministers in South Australia are Missiona- ries, but they do not draw their support from the Parent Society. They are entirely supported by the people amongst whom they labour. I was afraid, therefore, the public might consider that in sub- scribing to the society then reorganized, they would be only increasing the means at the disposal of the society for its operations amongst the European popu- lation of the colony. This I wished to prevent, because I consider that this province is in possession of means for the extension of the Gospel among heathen tribes. This leads me to the question of the establishment of a Mission to the Aborigines of New Holland. You may be aware that the Wesleyan Missionary Society has for many years past been supporting Missionaries to these poor degraded out- casts. Many years since, a Missionary was sent to New South Wales exclusively for their benefit. Much money was expended, but I am sorry to say but little good was done, and the Mission failed. In 1837 two Missionaries were appointed to Port Phillip, whose labours were to be devoted exclusively to the Aborigines. A large quantity of land was set apart for the Mission by the Government, and opera- tions on rather a large scale were commenced. The natives were fed and clothed for several years at the joint expense of the Government and the Missionary Society. After a few years, the Government with drew their assistance, but still the Missionaries per- severed (at a large expense) in the most discouraging work of endeavouring to counteract the pernicious influence of depraved Europeans. Many thousand pounds sterling have been spent in feeding, clothing, and teaching them, and, I am obliged to add, no good results have followed. We are now convinced of the impropriety of any Missionary Society devoting its income to the support of these wanderers; and at the same time we are convinced that, except some means are provided for their sustenance, apart from their usual habits, it will be impracticable to do them any good. If the English Colonial Governments, who have sold their lands at a high rate, will engage to supply their reasonable wants, on a proper loca- tion, where they and their children shall, as far as possible, be preserved from the influences of other tribes and wicked Europeans, there will be no want of willingness or ability on the part of the Parent Society to make the necessary arrangements for attempting their spiritual and moral improvement. Beyond this, however, we are not prepared to recom- mend the society to incur responsibility. I may here state the Missionaries at Bunting Dale, near Geelong, have adopted various plans for the purpose of effecting the desired object. They have included many tribes in their operations, and finding this did not answer well, have confined their attentions to one tribe, but unfortunately in no case have they been successful. They have perfectly acquired their language, and have sought them out in their wanderings, and made use of all the means in their power to improve their condition, but all in vain. They have, however, done their duty; and so far as the spiritual department of the work is concerned, they are anxious to do it still; but they cannot con- troul those circumstances which seem to indicate that in the Port Phillip district at least there is scarcely any probability of the Aboriginal tribes being greatly benefited by Christian Missions. I admit that this is most humiliating, but the fact exists. I should have stated also that the Wesleyan Mis- sionary Society supports a Missionary at Swan River, whose labours are to a great extent devoted to the Aborigines, with but small success, I believe. How- ever, the children are being taught, and of these we have greater hopes than of the adults. Under these circumstances I think I was justified in proposing that £100 should be sent home to the Parent Society. I admire your zeal for the Aboriginal tribes of Australia, but I must contend that our society has evinced the same feeling to a much greater extent. I shall therefore, Gentlemen, have great pleasure in receiving your subscription towards the sum proposed to be sent home, trusting that it will be returned by the labours of a Missionary to our Aboriginal neigh- bours, subject to the conditions named above, as to their being fed and protected by the Government. I remain, Gentlemen, Yours obediently, D. J. Draper. Adelaide, 20th March, 1848. [Mr. Draper's remarks are more plausible than pertinent or practical. He has overlooked or not chosen to notice our main objection, namely, the im- policy of sending money home to a plethoric ex- chequer, for purposes within the sphere of European effort oh the spot, and which ought properly to form the nucleus of a Home Mission, the more especially as the Aborigines of this colony come into frequent intercourse with the European settlers. A field of Missionary exertion amongst the heathen here exists, and should be here controlled; and if the Parent Society does not chose to contribute, unless it ex- ercises supreme and absolute direction, that is another matter. Our unassisted efforts must be the more urgent; but if we neglected the unfortunate outcasts within our sight, and sent our means to a distant society, which we could neither direct nor con- troul, we consider we should justly deserve the angry enquiry, 'Who hath required this at your hands?' The reverend gentleman has alluded to the influence of depraved Eupropeans. Has he forgotten that from such depraved Europeans a mixed race is springing up, appertaining as much to Europe as Australia? And is he aware, too, that few of this mixed race in the older settlements of Australia are suffered to arrive at maturity? And if it is impos- sible to achieve spiritual redemption for the unmixed race, is that a reason why no redemption should be attempted for that unfortunate race, the outcasts alike of Aborigines and Europeans, who are doomed, unless Christian sympathy prevent? But if we had no native field, are there not these very depraved Europeans, of whom the reverend gentleman speaks, scattered up and down the province, and who never hear the sound of the Gospel unless it is carried to them? In a word, if we had no Aborigines, our own isolated population presents a wide field for the Missionary labours of every denomination of Chris- tians. And why send home the contributions of the Wesleyan Society and its friends here? It maybe in accordance with the usages of a great system; but to say nothing of the monetary exchange question, and the unavoidable delay, are there no local preachers on the spot, sufficiently qualified, acclimatised, and inclined to the work, who could at once be sent out, without subjecting the funds to the serious deduction of a Missionary's passage and outfit from the mother country? Let, then, some well-digested scheme be at once set on foot, irrespective of the Parent Society, and we will promise Mr. Draper a subscription for the work. In the meantime, we are glad to understand from his own pen, that, bating the Government grant, the Wesleyan Mission to South Australia is a self-supporting one; but we have no ambition to see it taking rank as a pompous contributor of a hundred sovereigns to the wealthy Wesleyan congress at home. — Eds. S.A.R.] PHRENOLOGY. "There is a kind of unity in a living being— a certain dependence of each particular part and process upon the whole, to which nothing in an inorganic body, where every fragment is independent of the remainder, has any resem- blance. It is this unity which baffles all our attempts to predict respecting the precise condition of a living being at any instant of time." Gentlemen — In justice to Mr Coyle, any person differing from his views should have heard his en- tire lecture. I have reason, therefore, to complain of phrenology, seeing it is owing to the elevation of the organs of acquisitiveness, and the depression of those of conscientiousness, on the skulls of certain parties, that I cannot become a member of our ex- cellent Mechanics' Institute. I think Mr Coyle is under some mistake in as- serting that ancient writers recognise phrenology as a science, or truth, and he has confounded phy- siognomy with phrenology. I think it is Plato who speaks of a good face being the best recommenda- tion; but I believe it would be difficult to find in the ancient authors anything that could fairly be construed as favouring modern organology. The inductive method of Bacon would appear to have been applied at the starting point of phreno- logy; for Dr. Gall really did collect and compare facts carefully; but his followers have departed from his apparent philosophical spirit, and they have "jumped to conclusions" altogether opposed to a great class of facts, or bent antagonistic facts to a fanciful yet plausible theory. It is not true that "the physical strength can be judged of by the appearance of the limbs." That strength of body depends, in a great measure, upon the mind acting as a whole, an entity, has been proved by Dr. Combe, the brother of the great phrenologist himself. It is also established by the observation of Franklin and others engaged in con- ducting Polar expeditions, that a delicate frame animated (not by bumps) but by a cultivated moral mind will sustain more privations, hardships, and even fatigue, than a greatly more muscular and robust frame whose mind is rude or morally de- based. Neither is it true that those who are flat- tered by phrenology like it. My own unfortunate pericranium is highly flattered by the tune-playing phrenologists, and yet I have no faith in the music. My own consciousness (call it mind, toasted cheese, or what you will) reveals more to me than all the planets, stars, hills, and bumps in the universe. The oracular voice of the phrenologist may, in truth, sometimes, must speak truly of my faculties and propensities, just as the fortune-teller may pre- dict truly, and the quack cure occasionally; but phrenology can "show" nothing that was not al- ready seen, nor by any process of greasing "se- cretiveness," can phrenology discover the "Something to themselves They seldom tell to any." With regard to the elevations and depressions of the brain corresponding to those on the skull, my whole experience is against it, against the assump- tion of the fact. I have dissected some scores of human brains, and yet I scarcely ever found the substance of the brain an exact type of the convex surface of the skull. Of course I do not mean as a whole, but with reference to the phrenological organs. It is to be remarked, also, that, in the cases referred to, there was no disease of the brain, but the appearances were natural and healthy. The fact of the healthy state of the brain is im- portant, because it is the wont of the phrenological tribe to entrench themselves behind some wretched condition essential, say they, to the solution of the problem evolved. For instance, you show them a man with benevolence large, and yet his actions prove him to be a great rascal. The phrenologists reply, "It is not absolute, but relative size." Well, you find that destructiveness and acquisitive- ness are relatively small. Phrenology then cries out, "You must consider the influence of temper- ament." You take this also into account, and still you cannot reconcile the actions with the particular development. As a last resource, you are referred to the peculiar training, the influence of the cir- cumstances in which the man has been placed. Why, Gentlemen, if you must have such an exten- sive knowledge of any given man before you can decide fairly as to his character, does not that knowledge supersede the use of phrenology? What more can it show us than we are required to know for its right applications? Mr Coyle speaks of firmness. Many a man known to possess firmness, moral and physical, in the highest degree, frequently exhibits fear and cowardice. Is the organ of firmness alternately elevated and depressed to enable these contradic- tions to be manifested? Some of the bravest men in the battle-field have occasionally shown cow- ardice, and many of the firmest men have trembled at the idea of ghosts. Do these anomalies arise from the sudden failing of the bump of firmness and the rising of that of wonder ? Even if they could prove that the brain corre- sponds exactly with the development of the re- spective organs, they say nothing of the alternate elevations and depressions of the said bumps ne- cessary to reconcile the bump theory to e very-day facts. . "A butcher was generally a good judge of the weight of an ox." True, Mr Coyle; but does the organ of size, or experience enable him to judge, of the weight of an ox? To show the force of the illustration, Mr Coyle should place the butcher behind the counter, and let him judge of the weight of a cheese, a bale of wool, a balloon, or any other object with the weight of which he is not familiar. Besides, are not all the butcher's faculties, his mind as an entity, engaged in the process of judging of the weight of an ox? Experience and the exer- cise of his whole faculties enable the butcher to judge of the weight of an ox; so also before con- structiveness can enable the Colonial Government to build a decent bridge across the Torrens, the Government must undergo the same process. The fact that a blow on the head suspends or de- ranges the mental operations is generally adduced by phrenologists as a proof that the brain is the exclusive instrument of the mind. "But every experienced pathologist is aware that the effects on the mind resulting from diseases of the brain are wonderfully little uniform in their character." There is evidence that in numberless cases of dis- ease in the brain the mind remains apparently per- fect until the malady has existed for weeks, or even for months, and produced extensive ravages. "Experience," says Dr. Alison, "and pathological observation would seem to indicate, therefore, that the manifestation of these mental phenomena de- pends not so much on the mere presence of any particular quantities of the nervous mutter of the hemispheres, or the forms which it presents as on some other conditions in that nervous matter." A blow on the stomach, or on the shin, good or bad news, will suspend or derange the mental pro- cesses; but is, therefore, the stomach, the shin- bone, good or bad news, the instrument of the mind? The general analogy of nature and comparative anatomy are opposed to phrenology, meagre the confident assertions to the contrary, as the follow- ing extracts from Dr. Herbert Mayo may serve to show: — It doesn't appear that an increase in the absolute freight of the brain confers a superiority in mental en- dowments. Were this the case, the intellects of the whale and of the elephant should excel the rational nature of man. Neither does the relative weight of the brain to the whole body appear the measure of mental superio- rity. The weight of the human brain is but one 1-35th of the frame; while that of a canary bird is 1-14th. Nor in conjunction with party of form and structure even, does this relation appear of any value. The eagle is probably as sagacious as the canary bird; but the weight of its brain is but 1-260th of its entire weight. We may next inquire, whether an increasing number and complication in the parts of the brain is essentially connected with improved mental functions? The first instances which occur to the mind are in favour of the affirmative of this supposition. It may be inferred from their docility and surprising capability of receiving in- struction, that birds have higher mental endowments than fish; and accordingly in place of the nodules of the fishes' brain, which are scarcely more than tubercles to originate nerves, birds possess an ample cerebrum and cerebellum. But in pursuing this argument, if we com- pare, on the other hand, the brains of birds with those of alligators and tortoises, we find no striking difference or physical superiority in the former over the latter, yet in mental development, the tortoise and alligator are probably much nearer to fish than to birds. The cetaceous mammalia have brains which, besides being of large size, are nearly as complicated as those of human beings; they might, therefore, be expected, if the opinion which I am combating were true, to mani- fest a remarkable and distinguishing degree of sagacity. Endowed with a brain approaching nearly in complexity and relative size to that of man, the dolphin should re- semble in his habits one of the transformed personages in Eastern fable, who continued to betray, under a brute disguise, their human endowments. Something there should be very marked in his deportment which should stamp his essential diversity from the fishes in whose general mould he is cast. His habits, too, not shunning human society, render him especially open to observa- tion; and the class of men who have the constant oppor- tunity of watching his gambols in the deep are famed for their credulity and delight to believe in the mermaid, the sea snake, and the craken. Yet the mariner sees nothing in the porpoise or the dolphin but a fish, nor distinguishes him, except by his unwieldy bulk, from the shoal of her- rings he pursues. The dolphin shows, in truth, no sa- gacity or instinct above the carp, or the trout, or the salmon. It is probable even that the latter, which have but the poorest rudiment of a brain, greatly exceed him in cunning and sagacity. I am afraid that the instance which I have last adduced is sufficient to overthrow most of the received opinions respecting the relation or the size, and shape and organization of the brain, to mental development; nor is it easy to find a resting place for conjecture upon this subject. The cerebellum of frogs, which are remarkable for their salacity, is so small, that its existence bas been disputed. Fish, on the other hand, have the cerebellum of great size. And in mammalia, in which the sense of smell certainly contributes principally to excite the sexual appetite, the olfactory nerve, which is of prodi- gious size, instead of having any visible connection with the cerebellum, appears to be an actual production of the cerebrum. The brains of monkeys have a strong general resem- blance to the human brain. This must surely refer to the resemblance of their physical organs to those of man, not to their sagacity; the dog should else have a brain shaped like that of the monkey. It is a common opinion that the front of the brain is the seat of the intellectual faculties, yet in monkeys and in man the back part of the brain is that which has the largest relative size. The sheep, on the other hand, has an ample front to its brain, or large intellectual region, according to the phrenological theory, while its instinct of attachment to its young has a poor locality in its moderate posterior cerebral tube. Has nothing been discovered to mark an essential superiority in the brain of man? The question must, I believe, be answered in the negative. No physical con- dition distinguishing the human brain from that of animals, and therefore fitting it to co-operate with a ra- tional soul, has as yet been ascertained, or even plausibly conjectured to exist. My next and last quotations are from Dr. Pritchard. If the evidence brought in support of the organalogical system depends so entirely on universal coincidence between psychical properties and corresponding variations in the structure of the nervous fabric, it must be im- portant to determine whether there are any departments of the animal kingdom in which instincts and motive habitudes, and an entire psychical nature are displayed analogous to those vertebrated animals, while yet in these departments there is no structure which can be said to bear resemblance to the complicated cerebral system of the so-termed higher animals. In all the ver- tebrated kinds, as I have observed, the organization of the nervous fabric is on one principle and the same fun- damental type, with different degrees of development, is traced in man, and in all other mammifers, in birds, reptiles, and fishes; but here the resemblance terminates, and the nervous system of molluscous animals and insects presents but few and remote analogies to that which belongs to the first great branch of the animal creation. It is indeed to be presumed that the nervous system taken as whole, fulfils in the tribes last mentioned the same offices as in those animals who have it enclosed in a bony case. Still nothing exists at all resembling the complicated formation of the brain with its lobes and convolutions. It is so much the more surprising to find the higher instincts, which had almost disappeared in fishes, display themselves with new splendour and variety in the brainless insects, — creatures which, in the wonderful imitations of intelligence that govern their motive habits, rival, if they do not even exceed, the saga- city of the animals which most approximate to man. The question of materialism is not affected by the doctrines of phrenology, since no intelligent phreno- logist speaks of the organs themselves as anything more than the mere instruments of the mind. The question of fatalism is, I apprehend, affected by phre- nology. Mr. Coyle is right in saying that "all nature is bound up in fatalism to a certain extent." The limit, however, with respect to man's moral nature and responsibility is not exactly where phreno- logy would place it. When Mr. Coyle can prove that a good action can be produced by expanding a phrenological organ in the same way as we stuff a sausage and distend a bladder, or when he can pro- duce a note of conscientiousness, as we elicit a musical note by the pressure of the finger, I may admit that his science does not lead to fatalism. Certainly, if a man cannot act otherwise than his bumps indicate, be they good or evil; bumps, too, altogether independent of his own will, he cannot be responsible for his actions. He is no longer a fit subject for exhortations or commands, promises or threatenings, praise or blame. He is cabined, crib- bed, and confined by the inexorable fatalism of bumps. If Mr. Coyle, by phrenology, has saved a man from hanging himself, perhaps the records of the human heart would exhibit a preponderating number of per- sons who, from a dim perception of phrenology and its twin-sister fatalism, have been driven to consider the promptings of destructiveness irresistible and acquisitiveness beyond control, and consequently rushed into crime and misery. With regard to the utility of phrenology as a prac- tical science, perhaps the most favourable view is that with regard to the education of children by placing them in circumstances favourable to the development of the good and the repression of the evil organs. But even for this end the conditions do not, and pro- bably never will, exist. The whole face of society must be changed. Parents and teachers must be at liberty to select what outward circumstances they please. Phrenology can never become popularly useful, and in the hands of the greatest number of mankind it is probable it would be injurious. In nine cases out of ten it would lead them to make geese of them- selves and others by talking about subjects which no man fully comprehends, and by listening to the voice of an uncertain, if not a false, prophet. I am, Gentlemen, Yours respectfully, Grote street, March 20th. JAMES JOLLY. 