Valuable Rogts.— The two following anec dotes in connection with the speculation mania in tulip bulbs which in 1634 raged in Holland are worthy of attention A wealthy merchant who; prided himseif not a little on his rare tulips, received upon one occasion a very valuable con- . signtnetii or meicnanuise rrotn tne Lievant. In telligence of its arrival wiis brougbt him by a \- bailor,, who presented himself for that purpose at \- the conntiug'-house, among bales of goods of every description. The merchant, to reward him for his hews, munificently made him a present of a fine red herring for his breakfast. ' The sailor had, ft appears, a great purtialiy for ' onions, aud seing . a bulb very iike an onion , lying upon the counter of this liberal trader, and thinkiiig it, iio doisbt, much out of it's place amohg silks And velvets, he slyly seized au 1 opportunity; and slipped it into his pocket as a 1 relish for )iis herriug. He got clear off with ' hie prize, and proceeded to tbe quay to eat his . breakfast. Hardly was his back turned when the merchant missed bis Semper Augustus, worth three |thou?a id florins, or about .£230 sterliug. The whole establishment was instant ly in an uproar ; search was evely where made , for the precious roc t, but it wai not to be found. . Great was the dierclialnt's distress of mind. The ; search was renewed, but again without success. ' At last some one thought of the sai or. The ' unhappy ' merchant sprang into the street at the bare suggestion. His alarmed household fol lowed him. The sailor, simple soul, had not thought of concealment. He was found quietly b sitting on a coil of rope, masficatiag|ihe .last morsel of his "onion." Little did he dream that he had beeii eating a breakfast whose cost ' might have regaled a whole ship's crew for a twelvemonth. Another story is told of an Eng lish traveller, which is scarcely less ludicrous. 1 This gentleman, an amateur botanist, happened , to see a tulip root lying in the conservatory of a wealthy Dutchman. Being ignorant of its qua- . lity, he took out his penknife, and peeled off its coats, with a view of making experiments upon it. When it was by this means reduced to half, Its original aize, he cut it into two equal sections making all the iiuie many learned reinarke on the singular appearances of the unknown bulb. Suddenly the owner pounced' upon him, and, with fury in his eyes, asked bim if he knew what he had been doing ? ' Peeling a most extraor dinary onion, replied the philosopher. ' Httn- dert tausend duyvel," said the Dutchman, ' it's 1 an Admirable Van der Eyck.'' ' Thank vou," | replied the travoller, taking out bis notebook to , make a memorandum of the same ; " are these f admirals common in your country " Death and the devil 1" said the Dutchman, seizing the astonished roan of science by theacollar ; ' come down before the syndic and you shall see.' In spite of his remonstrances, the traveller was led through the streets, followed by a mob of per- 1 sons. When brought into the presence ot the magistrate he learned, to bis consternation, that the root upon which ha bad been evperimenta- iiziug was vvorik four thousand florins ; and, notwithstanding all be could urge in extenuation be was lodged in prison until he found securities for the piyments_of thisjsum. j Seal- Hunting, — Some twenty or thirty 1 years ago there was a most wasteful destruction of ibej fur-seal, when young and old, male and : female, were indiscriminately knocked on the head. This improvidence, as every one might 1 have expected, proved detrimental in two ways. 1 The race was almost extirpated; and the market was glutted to such a degree, at the rate, for 1 some time, of two hundred thousand skins a year, that the prices did not even pey the expen ses of carriage, i he Russiods, however, bave 1 now adopted nearly the sade plan which the Hudson's Bay Company pursues in recruiting any of its . exhausted districts, killing only a limited number of such males as have attained their full growth ; a plan peculiarly applicable to the fur-seal, ihasmucb| as its habits render the system of husbanding the stock as easy and certain as that of destroying it. In the month of May, with something like the regularity of an almanack, the fnr-seals make their appearance on the Island of Sf. Paul, one of the Aleutian group. - Each old male brings a herd of females under his protection, varying in number accor ding to bis size and strength ; the weaker bre thren are obliged to content themselves with balf-a- dozen wives, while some of the sturdier and fiercier fellows preside over harems that are 200 strong. From the date of their arrival, in May, to that of their departure, in October, the whole of them are principally ashore on the beach. The females go down to tbe sea onee or twice a-day, while the male, morning, noon and night, watches his charge with the utmost jea lousy, postponiog even the pleasure of eating, and drinking, and sleeping to the duty of keep ing his favourites together. If any young gal laat venture by stealth to approach any secior chief's bevy of beauties he generally atones for his imprudence ivith his life, being torn to pieces by the old fellow ; and such of the fair ones as . may have given the intruder any encouragement | are' pretty sure to catch it iu the shape of some , secondary punishment The ladies'sre in the straw about a fortnight after they arrive in St. Paul's; about two or three weeks afterwards j they lay the foundation, being all tnat is neces- | sary, of the next season's proceedings ; and the j remainder of their sojourn they devote exclusive- j ly to tha rearing of their young. At last the , whole baud departs, no one kuows wbither. , The mode of capture is this. At the proper , time the whole are driven, like a flock of sheep | to the establishment, which is about a mile dis- tant from, the 6eu ; and there tbe males of four ( years, with the exception of a few thai are left ' to keep up the breed,' are separated from the rest , and killed. In the days of promiscuous massacre | such of the mothers as had lust their pups would 1 ever and anon return to the esteblishment, | absolutely havrowiug up the sympathies of the 1 wives and daughters of the hunters, accustomed as they were to such scenes, with their doleful , lamentations. — Narrative of a Journey round \ ike world. Long lived Apoplexy.— A French pbysi- ; cian, named Bernard, once found an old abbe < playing at piquet with one of his patients. He , had no sootier seen him then he exclaimed, j What do you do here? Go. home, get bled immediately, you have not a minute to lose.'' J The abbe, in great alarm, remained motionless lie was conveyed home ; M. Bernard, bled him j three or tour times, drenched bim with drugs, . yet fouud him not a. bit the bsiter.. On the , third day the sick' man's brother was eeut for from j the country kd;,arrjyed in hasfa auu was in formed.that the abbe_wasill- < Of what disnase r" he inquired. M. Bernard assured him tba , without being at all aware of it, his brother had been seized with a yiojen fit of apoplexy ; that He had fortunately discovered it by seeing his. mouth awry, and had healed hiui accorciugly, " Why, sir," replied the brother, " his mouth has been awry these sixty years." — iioileou's J Uctionary of French H6monymes. A TelL-tale Ghost, — About five . weeks since a family t residing at the west end were very much annoyed by stran-e and disagreeable noises; which occurred at different hours of 'the night, but especially at the solemn hour of midnight. For a lime those noises consisted only of shrieks, mournful groans, wailiugs, bis- siugs, &c;«, but soon they were augmented bjr the chairs, tables, tin- kitchens, cradles, clothes- horses, and other indispensable anicles of.hou-e-. bold furniture, all joining iu executing some of the most popular dances of the day wilh great energy, but each with the utmost' independence with regard to the movements 61 its neighbour- Such strange proceedings of course convinced the family that there was something -awful at the bottom of the affair, and prepared ibem for what was to lo low. One night, in the midst of tbeii liveliest operations, the animated furni ture all at once stopped ; a vapour-like sulphur ic light filled the room, and through a crack hi the floor rose ihe ghastly form of a young girl iu a winding sheet The lady of the bouse was the enly one to whom this 3trange sight was vi sible, and she, after the - first shock was over, mustered courage enough to address the ntys.. terons visitant, when, to her horror, she was in formed that the room in which this took place had been the scene of a most diabolical murder, by which a fond and doating father and effeetio'n< ate daughter were both consigned to ah untime ly grave. At this point the lady was so much affected that she fainted, and tbeopparidin disappear e The ensuing niht, however, tlie ghost appeared, and imparted lb© petrifying intelligence that two chess of money were burred, one in front, -and the other in the the back cellar. Full directions were given as to the method by which to secure the treasure, but the family in their eagerness disregarded some of them, and, consequeutly, one of the chests vanished in a cloud of blue fite and mystery. By exercising cau lion and following the ghostly directions of their informant the other bas been prevented from leaving its place, and is still ia the cellar, unless it has been dug up since this was writen, For several weeks past the family have been digging in the cellar, and they have turned up toe earth-to tba depth of several feet, but as yet without getting hold of the chest, although their faith in its exisfeace remains un changed. Lasi week some watchmen observing a light through the chinks of the cellar window, listened, and were very soon impressed with the conviction that there was some stolen property secreted there. A message was sent to the marshal's office, and a formidable posse entered the place, but, a ter searching, was satisfied that nothing of the sort was in the place. Our read ers may be satified that the above is strictly true, if the word of the actor— or actress— is to bq taken, and as to the searching in the cellar, we can speak from personal knowledge.— Bgs. ton Chronotype. A Site to mass Angles Weep.— Trafal- gr-square, which could boast, some five years ago, of having " the fitiest site in Europe," it is so ashamed now of having its site disfigured, and being a . public eyesore that it intends to pe tition parliament to put it out of its miserp at once and to make it a blind alley. How Nora h, our Irish Servant, DtD.r ' But though, Morah , Connor went on very well just at first, still, after a time, she got so fright fully fami'iar and presuming, that really the wo man used to speak to mo as it I was her equal, nor could 1 fur the life of m© get her to pay the resj Oct due to me. ow, foriostapce, I remt m- ber one morning, about two moutbs before, lit tle Annie was born, I rang the bell, and|wh a the woman came into the room, I said :n a qhitt voice, " I want a glass of water to drink, Mofah," " You want to drink a glass of water," she repl.ed, W ell, I've no objection— drink away, darlio." ' Then,' I continued, blandly " I should fori obliged if you would let me have one directly.' Let vou have one," she exclaimed, " faith and didn't I give you permission just now ?'' This was past aii bearing ; but I restrain ed myself, and merely said with becoming dig- uity, " 1 didn't have you up stairs, Norab, to. know whether you would permit ma to drink a glass of water in my own house or riot." To which she replied, as familiarly as if she were talking to the servant next door, " W ell by my aowl, and when I heard you ask tna if I'd let you have that same, I thought you mighty stu pid at the time. An what is it you want, ma- vourneen." .'Why,'' I returned, in measured terms, remembering my station—' " I want, what I told you before, as plainly as a person could speak — a glass of water.'' " Why then," 1 " she cried, ' by tbe powers, if f were you, I'd get it— Isn't there plenty down stairs, honey ?' " But,' I continued calmly. ' perhaps you will be kind enough, Norab, to bring me a glass up here,'' " Ocb," Bhe exclaimed, " go, ah it's only a glass you're wanting me to fetch you af ter all. A glass wid nothing in it, is it you - mane " No," I replied, almost losing my temper,4' A glass of water, woman, and not a glass without anything in if. Do you understand me now " Out an' out," she replied, with a tasty low wink, " You'd be havin' a glass of water wid somthin' in it. Oh, go along wid ypts. waMin' a drop on the sly, now? You're taking to the bottle though, betimes this tnornin'; I'm thinktn'.f I'm sure my fair readers can easily imagine that this threw me into such a passion thatf it quite made my blood boil. I told th© 'ury to hold her tongue, aud never dare to open her mouth about such things again. But the impudent hussy only made me worse, for she kept declaring 'ihiim was the word, with Norali/ rod saying. that I needn't go fluryiu' myself ibout her findin' out my sly tricks,' and telling me |to be ' as y, for that the master should never tiear of it from herself.' So that at last, I declare " was.possitive)y obliged to run up'staiis into my ma bed.ruom,in order to get rid of the creature, rhere I threw myself ou the sola, iu the most' dreadful state of mind, I think, I ever was in all cny life : and torn with all kinds of horrid ideas, said to myself, Norah washes very well, it is true — but alas ! what washing can cnmrw?iU«t< me for this.— 1 'he Plague of Se'ivants STATISTICS OF SHIPWRECKS — In I33B, 1834 ; and 1835, when there was 24,500 vessels be- longiug to the country, the average loss each year was 610 ships, averageing 210 tons each ; and the number uf lives lost on these occasions was 1550. In 1841 and 1842, when the .ship ping had increased to nearly 29,000, the average loss was only 6II,and the loss of life 1,050 a diminution of 500 on the former periods. Siucri. that titne though the commercial marine has . one on increasing ai a rapid rate, the number af ships wrecked iu 1844 had decreased' to ' 517 f 1845, 539 ; and in 1846, when the ' pumber of ships belonging fo Gr.e&t; Brifan antl . ; its dependencies was 32,000 tbe number as lostwa8 537, 