S GERALDINE. A TALE OF CONSCIENOE. VOL. III. \- CHAP. VIII. 'GENERAL CARRINOTON and his daughter, havitig pass the remained of Easter Eve in private de 'otion, and having each approached the tribunal of confession together, knelt at the early Mass in the -little church of--, and together received their risen and glorified Saviour. 'There still remained time for private thanksgiving, rest, and refreshment, before they attended the grand pontifical High Mass at St. Peter's, to which crowds had been hastening to secure places even since sun-rise. Our heroine and her'father had seats in the tribune erected near *the high altar, and nearly opposite the throne, so that ' nothing was .lost to them of the peculiar cere monies of this great day. After having attended the previous commemorations in the .confizied di mehsieons of the Sistine chapel, the space of St. Peter's appeared more than ever wonderful and mag nificent, lined, as it was now, with the ''Guarda Nobili in their rich gold and scarlet cloth, and the Swiss guards in polished cuirasses and'helmets of steel; while, -up the great ,centre aisle, advanced a procession, which, for splendour and sacerdotal majesty, could not-have been surpassed even in the temple of Jerusalem ; and, as Geraldine heard the signal trumpet sound, and-caught the first'view of the patriarchs, with their flowing 'beards, she could imagine that David and the high-priest were about to'follow :-and mystically so they were, united in the'roepl priest, who, borne in his crimson chair of state, and wearing the white robes of joy,-gave his benedictions on-each side, as he advanced to the high siltar, while the church bells mingled with the trum pets and other military music, and the choristers en toned, " Thou art Peter, and upon this rock will I build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not priievail against it." On arriving opposite the little chapel, where the blessed sacrament was exhibited, the holy father, removing his triple crown, -descended to kneel in prayer with his cardinals. He was then borne to the foot of the high altar, where he again -knelt in prayer before ascending the throne, which was on the epistle side of the sanctuary, and which was then surrounded by the priestly court of cardinals, pa tridrchs, archbishops,. bishops, mitred abbots, and penitentiaries. After they had paid their homage, the pontiff rising, and laying aside the tiara, en tonied, the versicle, at the opening of the office'of tierce (the third hour), " Deus in adjutorium meum intende" "Incline unto my aid, O God-;" and while the choir continued the office, he read the pri vate preparation for Mass ; after Which, having been .vested by the cardinals, he gave out the concluding prayer of the hour, and, descending from the throne, went .with nearly all those who stood around it, to thi altar on which the triple crown was laid. The High Mass, with more than its ordinary ceremonial, then began, amidst clouds of incense and voices in numerable, in perfect harmony resounding the IIme dies"-" This is the day which the Lord bath made,. let us be glad and rejoice therein." After the consecration and elevation of the host, the pontiff, having paid his adoration, and the " Agnus Dei" having been said, left the altar, and ascended the throne, where, having received from the deacon and subdeacon the paten and chalice, he took the holy communion, and then gave to each of the two assistant priests the remaining.particl a of the sacred S Host. They also partook of the chalice, after having received from the holy father the kiss of peace, and returned to the altar. Geraldine 'considered what this could mean, and proposed several mystical explanations to herself during the latter part of the service, amongst which was the following, which was correct, namely " That as our blessed Saviour first instituted the holy sacrifice, and commenced his mystic olfering when he consecrated the holy eucharist upon the table ,in private chamber, with his apostles only, but perfected and consummated it openly before the multitude upon Mount Calvary ; so his venerable vicar consumes upon the elevated platform of the throne, in the presence of the assembly, that sacred body' and blood which he had consecrate] at the altar, in presence only of his priestly attendants. Several of the cardinals, and of the chief nobility, then made their Easter communion, after which, the Spbntiff returning to the altar, read the concluding prayer's of the M.ss, during which the General, having silently opined the door of the tribune, signed to Geraldine to follow him, and quickly led her, by ways to him fitmiliar, up to the loggla-a gallery erected on 'the top of the colonnade, which surrounds the piazza of the church, and to seats kept for them In the front row, by two of the military. Geraldine looked down on the plaeza, or rather on the heads of the people, who in one dense mass were in expecta tion of the papal benediction, and then along the colonnade, which was equally covered with the higher orders, principally English-and longed to be amongst the simple devout peasantry below, till a feeling of personal safety made her thankful for her elevated position, when she beheld the military, and behind them fresh thousands, pouring down the steps and platform of the church into the piazza. All was, however, in the greatest order ; no noise, no struggle between the guards and the people ; all were apparently impressed by the nature of the ceremony which had thus assembled them. At length, even the subdued murmur of expectation was hushed, for the ancient white " flabelli," or fea ther fans, were seen, which preceded the pontif, and Gregory XVI.,the two hundred and fifty-seventh suc cessor to St. Peter,appeared on the gallery without the church; and raising his hands and eyes to implnrethe assistance of the blessed spirits which surround the throne of God, tie thus prayed-" May the holy apostles Peter and Paul, in whose power and authority we place confidence, intercede for us with the Lord. ,Amen." ' "We ask through the prayers and merits of the blessed Mary eier virgin, of the blessed John the Baptist, of the blessed apostles Peter and Paul, and all the saints, that the Almighty God may have mercy upon you, and that all your sins being for giveri, Jesus Christ would bring you to eternal life. Amen." "May the Almighty and merciful Lord bestow upon you indulgence, absolution, and re mission of all your sins; opportunity of true and fruitful penitence; hearts always contrite and peni tent; amendment of life; grace and consolation of the Holy Ghost; and final perseverance in good works. Amen." Here the pontiff arose; those few of tje multitude who had remained standing, sank on their knees, and he continued-" And may the blessing of Almighty God, Father, t Son t and Holy Ghost, t descend upon you, and remain with you for ever. Amen." One of the cardinals now read, first in Latin, and then in Italian; the notice signifying, that to all those who had attended with true disposi tions of contrition, and fesvent purpose of amend mwent, and had complied with the conditions of the Church, the holy father granted a plenary indul gence. Printed notices of this announcement were then thrown down amongst the people, while the cardinal-deacon, in the name of the sacred college, congratulated his holiness on the recurrence of the sacred festival; and the last " Amen" was thrice -repeated by the chanters, amidst the peal of bells from St. Peter's,.re-echoed by all the churches, by the loud trumpets of the military, and by the artil lery of the Castle. Many.-we will trust most of those present,-raising their hearts with St. Austin, who, on this joyful feast, exclaims,-" 0 happy Alleluia, which we shall one day sing in heaven I where the angels are the temples of God ; where all those who shall publish his praises, shall be linked together in the bands of love, and in perfect peace; and those who praise God, shall possess perfect. security and joy. O happy Alleluia ! Let us also sing here below, Alleluia ! though we now live in pain and trouble, that we may sing it there in perfect security. O Alleluia ! Praise ye the Lord." This first of the three years which our heroine passed in Italy, Easter fell unusually late; and in a few days after the festival of the resurrection, Rome was nearly emptied of the strangers who had flocked into the city. General Carrington however still lingered, until the commencement of June, and Ge raldine resumed her vocal and artistic pursuits with fresh ardour. Her father then took her, first to Frescati. where several of their acquaintances had taken villas, and afterwards to Trivoli. where, had a suitable residence been found, our heroine would fain have dwelt. Such however was not the case; and perceiving that the General much inclined towards Frescati, which is only half the distance from Rome, she endeavoured to forget the wilder beauties of the -former place, and to enjoy the freshness of those lovely groves of arbutus, ilex, pines, and cypresses, which surrounded the stately villa of her father's preference. One sight more in Rome fell to her lot just three weeks after their removal to Frescati, and gratified her more than shie could have supposed p.ossible from the nature of the exhibition. This was the Illumination of St. Peter's, and the fireworks from the Castle of St. Angelo, to wlhichl she was t taken -by her father, and whiclh she would willingly have declined, but for her earnest wish to receive his affectionate attentions with all the pleasure site had hitherto felt. After this wonderful and beautiful sight, our heroine remained, during the sultry months, partly at Frescati, partly at Civith Vecchia, with the Contessa C - , and the family of Cardinal W--V At the latter place sihe celebrated, amongst those congenial friends, the anniversary of her en- i trance, or, as they always termed' it, her return to the Churcli; and the blessed event of iser first communion. It was in the summer of this year, after Ge -raldine's return to Frescati, thlat she was informed by her father, that proposals had been made to him, on the part of an illustrious Italian family, for an alliance between herself and the second son, who was spoken of very higihly ; but that unless shte had strong reasons against whatlhe was about to propose, it was that she should consent to a matchl of inferior title, but far more advantageous in every other respect,namely, with Sir Eustace de Grey. It would be impossible to describe our heroine's astonishment at this sudden mention of a name, which had never passed lher father's lips, and wlsch comprised so much that was calculated to embarrass her. The first painful impression was, that her father was wearied of the domestic tie from whilcI lie lhad been so long free, and hler Iheart resented what she con ceived a plan, to make her happy, independently of himself. Shie remained silent, and the General con tinued to pass encomiums on that' highly talented and deserving young man,' his ancient family, the friendship that had so long existed between Sir Hugh de Grey and himself, &c.; ..all winding up to the climax that he was one of tie most eligible matches in England. Since leaving England, our heroine had frequently recalled De Grey to her remembrance, and had dwelt longeron that remembrancethan she would ever have admitted even to herself, but' her thoughts had turned entirely on his truth, his manly courage, and his sincere piety. She lhad only known him as poor; site had forgotten tlat he had become rich, and tlhe De Grey of hIer imagination had no identity with that " highly deserving young man," presented to her, in so prosaic a manner, as an eligible match. A thousand vague but uneasy feelings arose. Where then was Sir Eustace de Grey P Why hadl Ie never endeavoured to concfliate her farther esteem, before sending these abrupt proposals. The silence continued for some considerable time ; 1 at length the General said," Well, child, have you I no inquiries to make P" "I have, my dear father," site replied: " pray what hias become of Don Carlos Duago P"' Not all thie artillery on the plains of Vittoria, hadc caused so startling an effect, as this slort sentence on the frame of the General. lie replied however, f as a politician, by another question-" And play what can he or any one have to do with our present conversation P and what is your motive for this inquiry P' " I should like to know that he is happy," said Geraldine. *" Upon my word," said the General, in a tone of sarcastic pleasantry, "I believe the happiness of Don Carlos Duago, to be chiefly influenced by the smiles of acertain beautiful Andalusian ; but should I ever chance to meet him, I can mention that a fair English lady cannot forget him." " " It is enough, air I" said Geraldine, the Indig nant spirit flashing from her eyes. Then in a softer tone she added, " Could I hope to form your happi ness, my father, as you have done mine, I would en treat you to propose no one to me, but let me con tinue, as I once hoped ever to be, your own Ge raldine." The General was moved, and in his most concili ating and endearing manner, assured her of Lis un abated affection, and that she would still and ever continue his own Geraldine; but that, Involved as he was in public life, it would ensure his happiness to see her united to one deserving of her ;-and ex plained to her his reasons for concealing from her till now the restrictions he had placed on De Grey; and by his apparently unreserved confidence, won from her the avowal that 'her preference ac corded with his wishes; that she had inquired for Don Carlos only from a wish to have her mind relieved from any responsibility concerning him; and promised that if her father would not hurry her to respond to feelings she then heard of for the first time, she would receive Sir Eustace when he should arrive, as one to whom she owed both esteem and gratitude, from his having aided her to find her present happiness in the Catholic Church. Soon after this conversation, De Grey presented himself at Frescati, and the following autumn Gene ral Carrington received the long expected appoint ment to the - Isles. This made him hasten his daughter's marriage; and our heroine, notwith standing her preference for the object of her father's choice, a preference now strengthened into sincere attachment, was hurt to perceive how easily she, who had been her.father's pride and comfort, and sole anxiety, was now .transferred to the guardianship of another. (To be continued.) Moan EXTENSIVE FAILURas.-We have to an nounce another serious failure, the apprehension of which has for the past few weeks been hanging over the Money Market. The old- established East India house of Cockerell and Co. has suspended payment, and although their liabilities are understood to be below what the public would generally have anti cipated, they are still extremely large, the total being £600,000, of which £500,000 consists of accep tances. The stoppage is to be attributed to the simultaneous pressure for money in this country and in India, aggravated by the discredit which, in times of difficulty, is always thrown upon houses which, like that of Cockerell and Co., instead of drawing upon a separate and independent firm, carry on their correspondence with a duplicate establishment. Of the £500,000 acceptances of the London house, it is, however, satisfactory to learn, that only £300,000 consists of the draughts of the Calcutta house, the remainder being drawn by other parties, whose engagements may possibly be pro tected. There are few firms whose partners are more individually esteemed. Sir George Larpent, the recent candidate for the city, was one of its most active members. Mr. Jolmhn Cockerell, it will be re membered, was formerly in the Bank direction, but he resigned the office about ten years back, when it appeared to him that the extent of his own business might interfere with the fulfilment of its duties. In addition to the stoppage of Messrs. Cockerell and Co., we regret having to announce the suspension of payment by Messrs. Cockburn and Co., army agents and bankers, of Whitehall. The failure of this firm has not been altogether unexpecled..'We understand that the obligations are not liely to prove of a very serious amount, but from the natusle of the business of the house it is feared that much inconve nience will be experienced by the parties who have kept their accounts with it. The immediate cause of the stoppage may be traced to an unexpected pressure, arising from the recent failures we have had to record, but it is stated that the affairs of the firm have been in an unsatisfactory condition for some time past. Messrs. Bensusan and Co., of Great Prescott-street, an old established firm con nected with the Morocco trade, have also suspended payments. Tihe liabilities are stated not to be of large amount. The failure of Messrs. Lyall, Brothers, and Co., merchants and East India agents, was announced on Thursday by the following circular :-" The recent extensive failures having entailed upon us heavy and unlooked-for liabilities, we deeply regret to state that we deem it prudent to suspend payment." The acceptances of the firm amount to 400,0001., but it is said that the principal proportion of this sum is represented by property actually in existence. Other failures have also to be reported. Samuel Phillips and Co., merchants and East India agents, have suspended, and it is antici pated that their liabilities (regarding which we have no specific inforrnation)will probably react 150,0001. Much of the loss, it is expected, will fall in India, upon houses in conjunction with whom Messrs. Phillipps have been in the habit of issuing letters of credit.- lIPeekly Despatlch, Oct. 3. STOPPAOG Or RAILWAY CALBLs-GRaAT MBET INO AT MANCHBrEsTa.B-On Thursday, September 29th, a public meeting of the bankers, merchants, and traders of Manclhester, called by the Mayon, in answer to a requisition signed by upwards of 300 of the leading firms in the town. was held in the Town-hall, "to consider whether any and what steps can be taken, in order to limit the drain upon the floating capital of the nation, occasioned by continued railway calls, and to diminish the pressure which is at present so injuriously affecting tihe trade of the district." Elkanah Armitage, Esq., the Mayor, took the chair. Mr. Thomas Basley, President of the Manchester Clhamber of Commerce, came forward to propose the first resolution, which was as follows:- "That, owing to the failure in the potato crop, and the general deficiency of our harvest of 18408, causing an extensive drain upon our re sources for the purchase of food froln other countries, our available capital is insuflicient to carry on the necessary business of tile country, and meet the demand now being made upon it for railway pur poses." He would express his strong conviction that it was necessary that railway operations should be curtailedl, for it was quite impossible to find capital to carry on the commerce of the country,and have the same capital in railways. Mr. Alderman Kershaw seconded the resolution. The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. T. Greg moved the next resolution -" That in the opinion of this meet ing an attempt, under present circumstances, to carry out the large number of railway pro jects sanctioned by the Legislature, would be to increase to a serious extent the existing derange ment of our monetary attairs, to aggravate an evil which Is paralysing the commerce of the coun try, and depressing to an alarming degree the value of every description of investment, whilst it is to be apprehended that from the inability of share holders in general to pay the calls which will have to be made upon them for the construction of the proposed new railways, such works will have to be suspended, if, not entirely abandoned, and the money of the shareholders sacrificed." Mr. Metcalf se conded the resolution, which was passed without' any dissentlent. , Mr. D. Price moved the 3rd resolu tion-*! That in the opinion of this meeting the inter ests of the country at large, and especially the rail way interest, require the postponement of, new un dertakings; and this meeting strongly recommends all Railway Companies to defer commencing new works until the lines now in course of construction are completed." : Mr. Rawson seconded the resolu tion.: Mr. J. B. Smith, M.P., spoke in favour of the resolution. In January last the capital of the Manchester and Leeds Company was 5,500.0001. ; since that time they had made a call of 1,000,0001., making altogether 6,500,0001.; and the present market value was 4,250,0001., from January last. The meeting then separated. 