TH li PROPHECY OF THE SYBIL Patria' cara, carior libettas." FROM the towering summit of Ben Lo:iioud, I contemplate the frivolities of earth—I enthusiastically admire tlie refulgency of nature :• for behold! the Heiivens declare tbe glory of Go'J, and tho wide constellated firmament proclaims abroad His supernatural handy, wotk! A spirit of- divination has possessed my mind.' L ponder on the • ise, progression,-and fall of empires •nd t consult the stiared oraclcs of inviolable augury, for future revelation,!! The burijd prophet answered to the liag of lindur—UeMiazzar trembled at i the mene, incite', te/te! upharsin of his kingdom. " C.imei'' savs Os_-; .n. " O Ae ghosts nf the lovely Croinla, ye sou s O' chiefs that are no mote—be near to tlie 6teps of CuthuHin, Brit! H!k to li ra in t he cave of his grief 1" Even Adhil.'es declares that lie woald rather be thu slave of the meanest hind ujion earth, than reign the monarch of all the dead —Aj.ix, even though iti Elysium, laments the loss of his armour, in his noted cotitest with Ulysses—Alexander, iu tiis recollection of the pleasures of Jiactria and Babylon, still sighs at the thought of those being no longer his own. Listen, 0 heaven ! give ear, O earth I—Blow ye the trumpet in Pekna 1—Set up the sign of a fire in Bathliaeurein—be attentive to my promises —bo indulgent to my vows S • f I stand upon the Palatine Hi 1 .! J—I remembered the devotion of Decius—the grief of Ponipey—the murder of Caesar—the despair of Antony—the'suicide of Cato —of Brutus, and of Cleopatra. I recolject : events from tradition ; and I pondered on the details of history. 1 retreated to tlie fourth century before Shiloh came. I looked to Homer, Sappho, jEiop, and Anacreon ; but Sophocles pleased me most. - " He who tru&U; his freedom lo a tyrant, frbm that moment becomes a slave !" I am transported in imagination to the verdant colony of Australasia. Tbe adventurous speculation of nautical enterprise had. discovered io tho South Pacific a beauteous island of some latitudian magnitude, about two centuries ago. Four and fourty years back, this lair but isolated country was colonized front Albion. Emigration succeded until an outcry was made for increase of wages, aud many disappoint«d io their speculations,.were glad to embark for adjacent shores. This sister region of ,a lavoted world bad been subservient to capricious rule—nature bad prodigially endowed her long before " Rampant war had yoked her red dragons to her iron car!" I conteniplafed visible declarations in opposition to propriety, and from one reflection 1 wag induced to another, uniil I understood tilts island was a tiependant-state—submissive to estran^d. authority, and under the dicfaiiou/control, and counsel, of a senate," niatiy thousiind miles distant.^ Following up the suggestions ofinventive imagination, I prophesied ILL from the work* they did, I conceived the crisis as betray • ing violent eruption between security and danger—between repose and tur» buleuce-belweca anarchy and. r«sU I thought of the menacing trad appropriate admonition submitted by tbr Heathen writer— . , ^ ,/ " Quern Uenm vult perdere. prim de» mental." The government of tilts fair country bad hitherto been confided to indolent sinecurists, or passive legislators. The malefactors of Enelahd deluged tbe coasts with the inundation of crime, end I hence soliloquised " Shall this become the sug'arxlioiiseof iniquity and corruption p Shall this be applied as a'recep • tacle to abandoned imnioraljiy ? Shall this be the poisoned reservoir of foetid guilt-fawning reproach, and perfidious ignominy ? Shall these meandering rivulets—these spacious lawns—these towering and verdant scenes be turned into n universal gaol!—become the slaughter-house of conscience !—the Golgotha of truth !—llie tomb of virtue I—the mausoleum of honor ! - O avert it Heaven ! Forbid it God! Let not our coasts suffer the unjust—tbe grievous — the damnable infliction ! L>?t not so fair a land, of land of sunny clime, and cloudless skies, bo perverted and misled by such a violation of native chnslity 1 j I saw the ships of foreign nations riding in buoyant, gracefulness upon (lift tide. I beheld the -commerce of other countries Imported'into extensive garners. I observed the laudable rmula'ion of trade and convenience ; and I discerned the dramatic spirit to revive, and innocent recreation solicit dowry I I adverted to modern officials, registered in the Colonial Repositary. Diplomatic shrewdness was defunct, and oppression reared a s'.olwart frame. From these records I deduced sad and perplexing disclosures, of misgovernment, inconstancy, and falsehood. Mature opinion grew indignant at repeated perfidy, and conscience, free as the air she breathed, sighed in doleful simphouy, a tiuism of tbe dead ' There is no fl^shin their pbdurale hearts. Tln-f di unt'f^ri foi- man; the nai'ral bund Ol hrolherhood, i< aerer'd na>!he Hat, Which fallsatunder ai the touch of lire. I meditated on the chancier of dem cogues—their uatnes shall bo nameless, but their sentiments, conduct, and actions, shall betray the.-n. . I thought upon all the singlnness o-f gifted energy —all the patriotism of emiiasaioned sense, and. 1 recoiled from the sad ponviction. tjiat a nation's . cowardice ac quiesced in a nation's wrongs I !! Where Socratea expired, a tyrant'j ilave: A coward and a root. «preid< death aiound ! Then shuildeiing. meets lli-i own. Where Cicero and Antonicu Irred • A Cowl'd and hypocritical monk, Prays, curses, and deceireg. With Mnemosye's respects, To the Free Colonists,of Atmralia. 