SCltiPTCKE PHOOF OF - • ST. PETER'S PRIMACY. I. The Hams, • Johni.42. And when Jesus beheld him, He said, Thou sit Simou the sou of Jona : thou shah be called Cephas, which is by interpretation Peter. [Peiros — in the Anglican translation, a • stone.' Why is the same word differently rendered in the following text ?—Abraham was so named because he was to be Jaiher of many people ; Peter was so named because in him was to be founded the multitude -of the faithful.— Cowp. Wish li. 1, 2. Look unto the ronk wheuce you are hewn—unto Abraham your father.] 11\. The Promise. Matt. xvi. 16—19 And Simon Peter answered end said, Thou art the Christ, the Son oL.lhe living; God ; and Jesus answered end »aid unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood bath not revealed it unto thee, but my father, which is in Heaven; and 1 say uuto thee, that thou art Peter (a ' stone,' as above, or • a rock'), and tipon thia rock 1 will build my Church, and the gates of bell shall not prevail against it: and 1 ..will give unto thee the j£eys of the Kingdom «>f Heaven ; and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth, shall be bound in Heaven, and whatsoever (hoa shaft loose on earth, shall be loosed in Heaven. [Let it be remembered that though the power of binding and loosing was given to (lie Apostles, ibis gift of the Key6 is peculiar to St. Peter. Be alone received them, as lie alone was called the rock, and be alone was bidden to take the government of the Church. And what the meaning of this gift was, may be gathered f rotu Isaiah xxii,, where the Lprd, in committing Lhe government of His houte into the hand of jEliakim, ton of Hilkiah, said, ' And the key of the house of David will 1 lay upon his shoulders, so he shall open and none sballshut, and be shall shut and none shall open,' So in Rev. i. 18, when the supreme power of Christ is spoken of, he is said tobave '.the.keys of deatli end hell.'—See also Rev, jii, 7.j III. T-jie especial Gift, , Luke xxii. 81', S2. : And t1i6 Lord said Simony Simon, behold Satan hath desired to, haVeJ/oM, that he may silt youmt wheat ; but lliave prayed for THBB'tbat thy faith fail not'; and when thou wt ^converted, etrengthen thy brethren. .[This: text follows immediately npon -the -exhortation to humility whitth' out' Lord had just -addressed to the ' Chidf ofhis Apostles, aod the jpention- of Simon hire by name shews that'/ie was that chief,—See ver6e26— He thatiii ^greatest among you; let faim be asthe'younger; aiid he'that is chief; 1 as hethabdotfc,serve;] ••» ! 7 1V. Primacy tif Vank held to' ; - • • m ^ m m ^ i / - - o, Matt, x. , Ifonr the, m^pet-of thq iweiYej^Bo^tle? ifejff* ij.ihejfyst, ,Sip(?DjWho,js called Petei^p., ^larJt,j|iy »l. 4>-rMaik> i, ,36;, and Siipsngid ihey'iftfii juepsjusith him folj Luke; ix>, gfyJBut Peter ani tfiiey that were with Mmjaere heavy with sleep. . Mati.Jtvii, 27. Go ibotino the i8ea>«nd^)a8t«'hdok, : and and when thou hast opened it* mouth, thou thalt jfirid a piepe.tif moneyv'that take and give untotJiem for Me and .thee. At^the same Ume came thevpisciples unjo J^eue, saying, \Vho is the greater I in the Kiiipdom of Heaven ?: X"lie v. 3. And lie entered iiUo one of the ships which . was Simon's—- verse. 10—and Josps s^id to Simon, Fear not, from hpnoeforlh thou slialt calph men. - Maik xvi. 7., Go your way, ie)3 liin Disciples, and Peter, that lie goeih before you into Gpli'.ee. -Matt. viii. t4 xiv, 28, 29; xvii. 4 ; six. 27xxvi 37, 40i Murk xil 5l. Johu vi. 6tt ; xiii. 24, 36, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; V, The Commission in fulfilment of the . promise, John : xxi. 15—17. Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou Me more than these ? He saiih uuto Him, Yea Lord, thou knowest that 'I love 4hee. He saitli unto him, Peed My lambs. He saith to him again the second time, Simou, son of Jonas, Invest thou me ? lie feaitb unto Him, Yea Lord, tlioa koowest that I love tlieo. He saiih to him, Take the government Ol uiy Sheep. lie saith umo him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovrst thou Me P Peter was grieved because He said uuto him the third time lovest thou Me, and lie said unto Him,Lord Thou knoweot all things, Thou knowest (hit! I love Tliee. Jesus taid unto him, Feed My »lieep. . [Our Loid used two words both ot' which in our translations are tejideied ' Feed/ One however ought to -be rendered as above, for that is its true meaning. Let any one read this striking passage two or three time**, and theu reflect whether any adequate significance is given to it in the Protestant system.] VI, The Primacy o; Authority and Power after the Ascension. [No sooner had our Lord ascended thau St. Peter takes his place, becomes His Vicar on earth; and accordingly wo fiiid (hat, as in the Gospels the iivungelists relate the acts of o'ir Saviour and his followers, so, in the Acts of the Apostles, St. Luke narrates iho Acts of St. Peter and his followers St, Peter and those that.were with him. This he does as long as the book is strictly what it is called. Subsequently he enteis upuu a narrative of the voyages aud travels of his own companion St. Paul. Acts i. 15, 22. In those days feter stood up iu the midst, of the disciples, and said....one mim fie ordained. Acts ii. 14, 41. Peier, btandine up with ths. eleven suid.'Y^ men ol Jurisea &c.; When they heard this, they sui.t unto Peter mid. the rest... .Then Peter said unto them, Kepent, &c.; Then they (hat gladly received Jus worJ were baptized 3000 souls. Acts iii. I, 26. Peter and John, &c; A certain man asked alms and Peter fastening his eyes iip-»n him with John said, &c.; Then Peter said.... In the name of Jesus Christ...rise up and walk. And he took hitu by the right hand..••When-Peter faw it, be answered to the people, Ye meu of Israel, ,&c.; A«ls iv. 8. Peter, filled with the Eoly Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, &.c. Acts v. 3, 10. Peter said, Ananias, why hath Satau filled thine heart Peter said... .how is it that ye have 1 offered, &c.; And Ananias and his wife ./ell down and gave up the ghost. Verse 15. They brought forth the siek into the streets, and iaid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might over* shadow some of thetn. Vetses 29—3-2.4t.Then Peter and the other Apostles ausweied and said, IVe ought to obey God rather than man, &c.;' Acts, viii, 20, 23 —P-eter said unto him, Thy monpy perish with thee, Ac, Acts,!*. 32, 43 — As Peter passed thioughout ail quarters., i.Peter said unto him, Eneas, &c;»..^Forasmuch as J he disciples hadbeaid that Peter was there, iliey sent unto iiim,&c...; Peter said, Tabithn, arise". . Acts, x. 1—48.—An angel ofGod.. to Cpriieliu6..satd, Call fur one Simon, whose suruame is Peter. . .^Peter saw. heaven opened, aud he said bf ta truth, 1 ,percejve thut God is no .respecter of personsji&c.;, : Acts, xi. 2—18.!—When Peter was come to Jerusalem....he .rehearsed! the matter from the beginning... .When they ,heard thesp thitige, they held their ptaqe. : , AfifejiWi- :firtflP»r-»Peler iberefore; was kept in prispn^.,but graver was: made, without ceasing of the. Church /br bim, Acts, .xv,, ,6.—And die Apost)es; and elders caiiie togethier for to con- 'sider of thia matter ; .and w,hen there tHd'.been mjicb'ajsputiiis,Peter rose up land iaid,,&c.; ";,T|(«j ^ll . ti^e i'mu'ltitudei kept Bije^ce, and |3^ncai«naWeredt- si*i 'tnoti hath 'dpclaredr&c.; "Now; if wie Reflect'tU^t jthjB Afits of thB' ApoBileB ia a mere 'record pjevents • not.a statpment,of}iopi'ripes, Ve must) •J i thU)5c', *«ee that it wbiilji ' iie unreason* ijblbio^xpept stffl^e'f ^VWMW, ,pf Peter's authority and pre-eiuiuence. No one can ideny linn St. Luke does give to St. Peter a marked (>re eminence. What is the leason of it ? One class of Interpreters answer out of their owu he.ad, ' It is because of St. Peter s personal qualifications.' Another, class of juterpretcis answer out of Holy Scriptbtf, »It i* because ou him the Church is built; because to him the .ksys were given ; besaune be was appointed to be lltesUy a?id proj> of his breih r en i hecituse the Citrnol the whole I old was solemnly entrusted to liim.' Which answer is prima jacie most likely bu true ? Can it fee supposed for a moment that, «fterall the Afiostk's had received the Huly Gh'iist, and were endued with miraculous power*, any mere personal qualifications tiliould give to win of that glorious company KUCII distinction? Would not all such' p.ior petty advantages he ut once overwhelmed by the mighty dignity mid g^ory and power poured forth upon all »t Pentecost ? Surely so f„r as personal weight and character went, Suuun Zeloteg would hencet'oith bu equal to Simon Puter, to s-jy nothing of the disciple whom Jesus loved, aud to %vhom His blessed Mother was committed. Why then should a reason so utterly improbable. t»e de vised, when we have in thii Gospels one that is at once clearly suted and emi' neiitly satisfactory ? U'hy do wen sec up the foolishness of llieir own speculation against tho plain Word of CJod ? (To be continued in our next.) 