THE POACHER; OR JUTLAND A HUN- DRED AND THIRTY YEARS SINCE. FROM THE DANISH. (Blackwood's Magazine.) IV.-THE ELOPEMENT. Throughout this momentous night, which was to fix the future lot of the Isabel, or Dun, and the Sorrell, neither family nor domestics en- joyed much sleep : all lay in anxious expecta- tion of the extraordinary things that were likely to come to pass. Mewing of cats, screeching of owls, barking of dogs, drove the dustman* away every time he came sneaking in. The stable-boys heard the horses pant, snort, and kick ; to the bailiff it seemed as if sacks were pieing dragged about the granary; the dairy maid declared it was precisely like the noise of churning ; and the housekeeper beard, plainly enough, a sort of rummaging in the pantry. Nor did sleep find its way into the gilded cham- ber. The lord of the manor and the Junker lay silent, from time to time casting a look at the little silver bell that hung between them ; loni it was mute, and so continued to be. When "the tower-clock struck one, the Junker began to regard his wager as half-lost ; but comforted himself with the reflection, that a loss to one's wife is merely a transfer from one hand to the other. In short, the night passed, and-as far as the tower-chamber was concerned-as «quietly as if there had never been ghost or goblin ia the world. With the first discernible psep of day-light, both the half-undressed gen tlemen rose, and hastened, with a morning ?greeting, to the bold layer of spirits. They tapped at the door-no "Come in." "They must both still be asleep." Papa opened the door-they entered-the lady's bed was de serted, and the bed-clothes cast aside. " Bravo," cried the Junker, "she has taken flight, and the Dun is mine." The old man did not utter a syllable, but proceeded to the servant's bed, where no one was to be seen ; but, on raising the clothes, she appeared to view, with a face like crimson, and in a state of profuse perspi ration. To her master's first eager inquiry she returned no answer, but stared at them both with a bewildered half-frantic look. Having at length recovered the faculty of speech, she ^informed them, in broken and unconnected "sentences, that, soon after midnight, she had seen a terrific spectre come through the wall. In her fright she had buried herself under the bed-clothes, and had not afterwards ventured to raise them; of what subsequently took place she knew nothing. This, however, did not long continue.a mystery, for the window was open, and under it stood a ladder- Froken idette . had been carried off, but by whom ? What an uproar was now in the mansion! -what outcry, screaming, and maledictions with out object-questions without answer ! " After them !" was the first order, bo'Ji of father and -over ; but in what direction ? The mother, the most sagacious of them all, proposed a general muster of the whole household, which the father undertook to carry into effect personally. . Having, therefore, summoned each living being by name, he declared that no one was missing, îhe whole assembled corps were of the same opinion, until Fru Kirsten exclaimed, " Where is Ce writing lad?" "The writing lad! the writing lad!" now resounded from every mo'ith. They looked around-looked at each other-no ! no writing lad was there. . The bailiff with two or three others, went over to the writing-room, and the master cried to the -stable boys, " Saddle the horses and bring them to the gate like thunder andx lightning !" The bailiff soon returned with a rueful countenance, and almost breathless, with the intelligence, that the missing sheep must actually have decamped, for the bed showed plainly that no one had slept in it that night; nor were his spurs or riding whip to be found. At the same instant, one of the stable boys came running with the news, that the Dun was away, AU now stood as petrified, speechles and looking at each other, until Fra Kirsten broke the silence. "Our Froken daughter," said she, " cannot have been ?carried off by a .writing-boy; he only came -sneaking here as a spy. If I greatly err not, ?the robber is from the west; see, therefore, if -you cannot trace them on the road to Vium, and now away! It ia even yet possible to -overtake them, for the Bun cannot have gone any great detones with two." Her surmise ?waa correct; on tile road she mentioned, traces of a quick trotting horse wei» plainly to be seen ; and, es a further proof, not far from the outnsion a bow was found, and. a little further va, a glove both belonging io jÊroken Mette. Armed with guns, pistols, and swords, master Junker, bailiff, and gamekeeper, with four other well equipped men, hastened away in chase of, the fugitives, while Fra Kirsten exclaimed, ' .** After them ! Bring them back dead or alive !" We will now accompany the Lord of Ansbjerg ; a little way on his second expedition. As far as Vium the - traces were visible enough ; but here they would have been lost, if a peasant, of ; . whom they made inquiry, had not informed j them, that about two hours before daybreak he had heard the tramp of a horse leaving the town in a westward direction- Profiting by this intelligence, they soon recovered the track, which continued in the same direction by the inn at Hvam. Here they learned that, about two hours before, the dogs had made a great disturbance. The speed of the fugitives, there fore, it was now evident, had begun to slacken, as might also be seen by the traces. The pur suers had reached Sjorup, where a man, standing before the mansion, had heard a horse pass by, and thought he could discern two persons on it. Now the track was at an end ; here were manF roads, all with deep narrow wheel ruts ; which was the one to follow ? The fugitives had followed none of them, probably from fear that tlie horse might fall, but had ridden among the heath. The pursuers now halted to hold a con sultation. Of three high roads, one followed a north- west, one a south-west direction, the third ay between them. While these, one after another were under consideration, the conversa tion turned on the great event of the night, and particularly on the suspicious writing-lad. One cf the men remarked, that it occurred to him that he had seen the youth before, though he could not just then recollect where. Another had seen a stranger, a few days previously, speaking with him privately in the wood, and he thought the stranger addressed him twice by the title of Cornet. Now a sudden light burst in upon the old gentleman. " Ha !" exclaimed , he, then let us take the middle road leading to Vastervig. I dare swear that the writing lad is no other than the Major's third son, who is a Cornet in the cuirassiers. I remember that Fru Kirsteni once cautioned me against him, and said that he came prowling after Fröken Mette. And you," cried he to the bailiff, "yourself saw the handwriting of the bailiff at Vestervig. Either he has made fools of us all, or the letter was forged. And all the while he was so still, orderly, and diligent, so j courteous, and so humble, that I could never | have imagined he was of noble race." Then j putting his horse into a trot, " He who first gets j sight of the runaways," said he, "shall have three crowns." The troop had about six miles to ride before they could reach the ford through the rivulet at Karup ; in the meanwhilile, therefore, with our reader's leave, I will hasten forward to our fugitives, who have just reached the opposite side. The poor Dun, exhausted under her double burden, and with the first four or five miles' hurried flight, walked slowly and tottering up the heath-covered bank. The Cornet-for it really was he-from time to time cast an anxious look backwards, and at ( each time gained a kiss from his dear Mette, i who sat behind him, holding him fast round j the waist. " Do you yet see nothing ?" she i asked in a tone of anxiety, for she herself did not dare to look round. " Nothing yet," an swered he ;" " but I fear-the sun is already a little above the horizon-they must be on the road in pursuit of us. If the mare could but hold out." " But where is your brother's car riage ?" asked she, after a pause. " It ought to have met us by the rivulet at day-break ; nor can I imagine what detains it, for my brother promised to send his young Hungarian servant with it, whose life I saved five years ago in the war with the Turks, when I received this sabre cut in the face. That he is not here is perfectly inexplicable. We have still eight miles before we get out of the heath." While he was thus speaking, they had reached the top of the bank, and the great west heath lay spread out before them like a vast sea; but no carriage, no living being was to be seen. The Cornet stopped to let the mare take breath, at the same tune making a half turn, the more easily to survey that part of the heath that lay behind them. This was also naked and desolate ; nothing was there to be seen, save a few scattered turf stacks, nothing to be heard but the cry of the heathcock, the rushing of the rivulet, the panting of the mare, and their own sighs. Awhile they thus remained, until the Fröken broke silence with the ques tion, "Is there not something moving yonder ?" She uttered this in a suppressed voice, as if she feared it would be heard on the other side of the waste. " There is no time for staying longer," an swered he ; "I am fearful it is your father who is coming yonder." With these words he turned again towards the west, " Oh, my father, exclaimed Mette, sighing, and at the same time clasping her lover still more closely. He..again looked round. "They seem to draw nearer, said he ; " if I urge on the mare, I fear she will fall." They rode onwards a short distance, he with an oppressed, she with an anxiously throbbing heart. "I must walk," cried he, and dismounted, "that will so far help; do not lc ok back, dearest girl." " Ah, Heaven ! can it be our pursuers ?'* " There are seven or eight of them, as far as I can discern." " How far off may they be ?" asked Mette again. " Scarcely more than two miles," he replied, and notwithstanding his admonition she again looked back. " I see no one," said she. " Nor do I at this moment," he answered, " they are most probably down in a valley; one is just now making his appearance, and now another. Come, come, poor Bel," cried ? e, drawing the mare after him, "you are accustom jd at other times to carry an arched neck, and to lift your feet high enough ; now you drag them along the ground, and stretch out .your neck like a fish when it xs being ^hauled out of the water." After a pause, the Froken asked, " Can they ^*Etóf5i^ *uT,n answered the Cornet^ " anjL gain, «ore and iraorolrpon us." "Heavens] if they overtake us, I fear my father will kill yon, dearest Holger! but I wül shield you with my weak body, for I cannot outlive you." During these painful, interrupted conversa tions, they had travelled about two miles from the rivulet, across the western heath. Their pursuers were already close to the east bank, and might be both distinguished and counted. The apprehension of thefugitiveswasrapidly pas sing into despairf there seemed not a gleam of hope. The Cornet vied with the mare in pant ing, the Froken wept. At this moment, a tall ihssjt clad in brown, with a gun in one hand and* low crowned hat in the other, started up before them out of ¿he high heather. The fugitives made a stand. "Who is there? Where are you from? cried the Cornet, in a military tone. \- "From there," answered thc man, " where the houses stand out of doors, and the geese ? ge barefoot. And where are you from ? and ! where are you eoing? But stop, have not we ; two seen each other before? Are you not the person who lately begged for me when, Niel's keep0* would have laid me sprawling ?" u Black Mads," exclaimed the Cornet, j ** So they call me," answered the poacher ; j " but how happens it that I meet you here so ! early with such a pretty companion ? You have ; also apparently been out poaching. If I can j help you in any way let me know." "In time of need," said the Cornet, the first friend is the best. I am tbe Major's son at Vestervig, and have been fetching a bride from Ansbjerg. Her father and a whole troop of horse are .after us. If you can save or conceal us, I will be grateful while I live; but it must be instantly, for they are on the other side of the rivulet." Holding his hat before his eyes on account of the sun, Mads exelaimied, " Faith ! here we have him sure enough with all his people. Kinsmen are hardest with kinsmen as the fox j said, when the red dogs were after him. If you will promise never to make known the place to which I take you, I will try to hit upon some plan." The Froken promised and the Cornet swore. "Hear then, childrencontinued he, "they are just now riding along the bank on the oppo- ¡ site side of the rivulet : before they can arrive on this side a good time must pass ; and they cannot see what we are about. In the mean time we will set up a hedge for them that they will not so easily jump over." Saying these words he laid down his gun, drew forth his tinder box and struck fire. He then rubbed two or three handfuls of dry moss together, placed the tinder box among it, blew it till he caused it to blaze, then cast it into the midst of the heather, where, after crackling and smoking for a few seconds, the fire spread itself in all directions. "While engaged in this occu pation, the object of which waa not immediately manifest to the fugitives, Black Mads did not eease giving vent to his thoughts in the follow ing broken sentences:-"The wind is with us, the heather's dry; now Niels keeper can soon get a light for his pipe-it is the second time I he has had the benefit of my tinder box ; the i man will, no doubt, curse and swagger about ! the heath fowl, because I roast them without basting ; but need knows no law, and a brave fellow takes care of himself. See now ! it's be ginning to smoulder." With these words he rose, and said to the Cornet, " Do now as you see I do, pull up a head of heather, set fire to it, run ten paces towards the north, and fire the heath; then pull up another, run, and again set fire, all towards the north, till you approach that little heath hill yonder two or three gun shots I distant. I will do the same towards the south, and then we will run as quickly back. The Froken can in the mean time stay here with the horse. It will soon be done ; now let us begin ! Light before and dark behind." With this for mula the poacher commenced his operations. The Cornet followed his instructions, and soon a tract of heath, two miles in breadth, stood in a blaze, and both incendiaries immediately re joined the trembling Froken. " We have now earned our breakfast !" cried ! Mads, " be so good as follow me, and put up with very humble accommodation-but what can we do with this ?" he gave the mare a slap with his open hand, " Can you find your way j home alone ?" I "O," said the Fröken, "she follows me wherever I go." | " No, that she certainly must not, for she would betray us : the door of my house is too narrow for her to enter, and we dare not let her stand without. You are too good to suffer harm," said he to the mare, while taking off the saddle and pillion, " but every one is nearest to himself." The Cornet, who saw his design, took his mistress by the hand, and led her some steps aside, as if to place her beyond the range of the conflagration. The poacher took his pieee, cocked it, went up to the side of the mare, held it behi d her ear, and fired. The Fröken turned round with a shriek of horror, just in time to see her poor Dun sinking down among the heather. Tears of pity flowed down the pale cheeks of the sorrowful girl." "The jade is as dead as a herring," cried Mads, by way of comforting her ; " she did not even hear the report." He then took off the bridle, laid saddle and pillion on one shoulder, his guu on the other, and began to move onwards, at the same time encou raging the lovers to follow as fast as they could, with 'he grateful intelligence that his callie lay at no great distance. *? Only don't look behind you," added he, at the same time quickening his pace, " but think of Lot's wife." The Fröken. though in a riding habit.* was un able to go so fast through the tall heather. She frequently stumbled and entangled herself in the branches. The Cornet, therefo e, without waiting for permission, took her in his arms, and notwith standing her reluctance bore her away. " Mow we are at home," at length cried th?ir conductor, at the same time flinging saddle and package at the foot of a little heatn-grown hill. " Where," cried the Cornet, also relieving him self of his burden. He looked around, without discovering any thing bearing the remotest resem blance to a human habitation. A suspicion darted rapidly into his mind ; but for a moment only. , Had the man been a mu de ous robber, he could long ago have executed his villainous purpose without any risk of resistance, as long as he him self had literally both hands full. *' Here." answered the poacher ; at the same time raising a very broad piece of turf, and laying it aside, he said, Some days since I lived above ground, there I might not remain ; but it is a poor mouse that has but one hole." While saying this, he lifted and laid aside four or five stones, each as la ge as a strong man could carry and now an opening was disclosed to view sufficiently wide for a persou to creep into it. " It looks as if they had been digging out foxes here," said the Cornet. I «'So it should look,»* answered Mads; "but before we go in, we will just see arouud us, not on ; account of the Ansbjcg folks, who cannot yet have i passed by the fire, but there miffht possibly be others in the neighbourhood. They Lroked on every side: to the south, wet, and north, nota ! living being was tobe seen, and ail the eastern ! quarter was hidden in clouds of smoke so dense ' that the beams of the morning Bun we-e unable to penetrate them. 1 " Have the kindness to étoop^'-said Mads, while he^dnî^taopt ftis«n- alflourá,^*' and justfo^ttw me. The door is low, but the place wid very well "hold us ; I wül bring your bag 'age in instantly."** With some difficulty they f.: Howe 1 their con ductor, and soon found themselves in the subter. ranean dwelling, a spacious apartment, the wall« of which were composed of huge unhewn stones, and the roof of beams laid close to each other, from which hung a lamp, whose faint light but imper* fectly illumined the objects present. On the one side were two beds, a large and a smaller ; on the other a bench, atable, two or three chairs, a chest, and two hanging presáes. In the smaller bed lay three naked children, who, on the entrance of the strangers, dived, like so many young wild ducks, under the covering. On the side of the targe bed sat Lisbeth, atlas Madame Mads, knitting a stocking, which in her astonish ment she let fall with bohboih hands into her lap. At the end of the table stood a little red-haired man, clad in skin from his chin to his knees, whom the host introduced to his guest as his good friend. Mikkel Foxtail. " We were once digging here," added he, smiling, and pointing to Mikkel. " after his half-brothe^t and so found this nook. Mikef thinks it has been a robber's cave in former times ; butait may also have been some old war rior*« bu-ial place, for there stood there two or three black pois with bones and ashes in them." t At the name of*' robber's cave," a bhudder passed ! over all the Fiëken's frame ; her lover observing j it, said ia French, ** Fear n«»t, my dearest, here we are secure ; but it pains me that the first habU talion into which I conduct you, should inspire you with horror and disgust." *' I wdl show you all my conveniences and luxu* ries,** continued the po»cher, at the same time opening a door in the background. .' There is my kitchen, wheie we dare have fire only in the night ; he-e is also my dining-room. . added he, pointing to a salting trough and some legs of venison that were hung to smo'- e over the fire-place. " Bread and meat I have also got, and I bought a drop of mead in Viborg with the last deer skin *' With these words, he set a stone bottle and a wooden dish, with the aforesaid provisions, on the table. "Eat and dink as much as you desire, and ol whatever the house affords ; aud when you wish to depart, you shall have a trustworthy guide The Cornet pressed the hand of the honest Tro glodyte, and said. '« At the present moment I have nothing to offer you but my thanes - " I require nothing." said Black Mads, inter rupting him; "but promise me only that you wi 1 never bet'ay me or my cave." With the most solemn assurances, this promise was gi?en; and the lovers now partook of a break, fast, to which hunger and joy at their safety im parted a double relish At the suggestion of their host, they resolved on wafting till evening, befo-e they azaia entered on their interrupted journey. In the mean Urne, Mikkel offered to go out and re ounoitre ; both lo watch the pursuers, and make inquiry after the carriage from Veste vig. The first time he went j no further than the opening of the cavern, from whence he informed them, that the party had ridden round the burnt space, and, in two divisions, proceeded westwards. Some hoers after, he ven tured out a short distance on the heath, and re. I turned with the intelligence, that ¡hey had new taken a north-west direction, and that the heath would most probably ba quite safe, as they could : not suspect that the fugitives were still on it, and had no doubt been lcd out of the right track by false information. A little past noon Mads and Mikkel went out together, the latter to order a con veyance in one of the villages lying to the west. After an hour had passed, Mads returned with tfie intelligence that he had met with a young fellow who appeared to him somewhat suspicious, and who ff om his accent seemed to be a German. He inquired the way to the inn at H vam, and whether some travellers had not passed by in the course of the day. From the description of the young man's person and dress, the Cornet felt convinced that ir was his brother's Hungarian se vant. They therefore both went out, and were so fo túnate as to overtake him about a mile from the cave. We will not detain the reader with the Hungarian's account relative to the non-aopearance of the car riage, but merely mention, that both he and the coachman had mistaken for Karup rivulet that which runs some miles to the west, and where the carriage was then waiting. With equal brevity, we wdl further remark, that a little before noon he Ind been s'oppel an ! interrgat-d by th* purt¡uer», aad that he bad not enly skilfully extricated himself oat of this exam ¡oat ron, but bad sent ttiem in a direction which be rightly judged would no: lead them into ihe track of the fugitives, of whose tatt, however, he was io a state of (hs most painful un certainty. Tue nest morning, the Carnet and his fair com panion arrived safe at Vestertrig, where they liedme man and wife* and obtained from the elder bro« «ter, the owner of (be estate, a small country house at Th ve for their babita'ioo. Junker Kai got al ßrst a ga'hng dis ppointmt-n», and secondly, after the lapse of a twelvemonth, a stiil richer Frören from the Isle of Fyen. The 'ord of An«bjergar¡d hts lady wa»het ilieir ha notwithstanding the hutnb'e and peni eot letters of her and her h natani!, were nat io be reconciltd. (To be concluded in our next.) SOCIETY IN RUSSIA.-In Russia, corporeal punishment is much in use ; but criminals are seldom put to death. They are marched off to Siberia for every kind of cfiVnce, from the highest political crime to petty larceny. The most heinous offenders are seat to the mines ; those guilty of minor delinquencies are settled in villages, or on farms; and those guilty of having opinions different from those of the government-statesmen, authors, and soldiers -are generally suffered to establish themselves in little knots, where they spread refinement through the country. The consequence is, that all grades of society are decidedly more intelli gent than the corresponding grades in any other part of the empire, and perhaps more so than in most parts of Europe. Many of the exiles are now men of large income. "The dwelling in which we breakfasted tooday," says the traveller, " was that of a person who had been sent to Siberia against his will. Finding that there was but one way of bettering his condition, he worked hard, and behaved welL He had now a comfortably-furnished house, and a well-cultivated farm, while a stout wife, and plenty of servants, bustled about the pre mises. His son had just arrived from St. Petersburg, to visit his exiled father, and had the pleasure of seeing him amid all the com forts of life, reaping an abundant harvest, and with 140 persons in his pay.-" Blackwood." FILTH AND FEVER.-" Deficient drainage, if not the parent, is most certainly the nurse of fever. Fever is a contagious disease, spreading fron person to person, just as small-pox or scarlet fever does; and, like those diseases, haunting over-crowded or ill-drained districts, and all places where, from any cause whatever, the air is foul, and filled with animal and vege table exhalations. It loves the banks of rivers, the borders of marshes, the edges of stagnant pools. It makes itself a house in the neigh bourhood of cesspools an .T badly constructed drains, and takes special delight in the incense of gullyhoies. It has a perfect horror of fresh air, soap, and whitewash ; buc when left to itself, it will linger for years amid scenes of filth I and corruption, and hold in its deadly embrace i all human beings who have the same depraved taste, or are so unfortunate as tobe thrown into its company. It is the favourite child of laissez faire (in plain English, let alone), and bears the same relation to filth that crime does to ^ignorance.-'Pictorial Almanack for 1817. THE BEST ACCOUNT OF WATERLOO, AND "BY THE BEST AUTHOR.-In reading, on the anniversary of this great event, the Duke's immortal despatches, I came npon this sum mary of the action, in a letter to Lord Beres ford, and which appears complete :-''You will have heard of our battle of the 18th. Never did I see such a pounding match. Both were what the boxers call gluttons. Napoleon did not manoeuvre at alL He just moved forward in the old style, in columns, and was driven off in the old style. The only difference was, that he mixed cavalry with his infantry, and sup ported both with an enormous quantity of ar tillery. I had the infantry for some time in squares ; and we had the French cavalry walk ing about us as if they had been our own. I never saw the British infantry behave so well." -" Correspondent." ! A B BASON FOB TRAVELLING.-" What a tra veller you have become !" exclaimed an English man, on meeting another at Constantinople. " To tell you the truth." was the frank reply, " I am obliged to run about the world to keep a-bead of my character; the moment it overtakes me I am ruined ; but I don't care who knows me as tong as I am incognito, A FEARFUL PGSSIBILITV.-Bathing Machine Pro« prietor-«. Did you gel that "ere gem's siapence atore he went into the machine V Assistant Ii'»y (a Du*¡ce)-" No, sir-thought ss ihe coves paid when they comes ou» !" Proprietor-" Pay «ben «Ley comes out ! Why, s'po-e that gent gets oui of his depth, aud drowns himirtf, 1 may wlii*t|e for oj v sixpence. Ain't you ashamed of yourself P"-- Liver, pool Albion, tt . ¿In the original, "Ole Lakoje," i. e., OUtne I Sh ut-tye, a perwo a* well known by name to ilia ! cili aren of Peamark, aa iii« doaunaa is to those of j EqgiamL ? j * She was no doubt habited cn Amazone, aa was the fashion in Denmark ataut the date to which our story refers. At a much lal.»r period, Malinda (sifter of our Uenrge III ) Queen of Christian VII., role ie . garb nearby resembling tmtn'i; f Viz., a. fox, in allusion to Mikkel'« surname OT Foxtail. 