A MISCHIEVOUS GHOST IN LONDON. (From the " Morning Post.") The whole of the neighbourhood of Black Lion Lane, Bayswater, is ringing with the ex traordinary occurrences that have recently happened in the house of a Mr. Williams, in the Moscow Road, and which bear a strong resemblance to the celebrated Stockwell ghost affair in 1772. The house is inhabited by Mr. and Mrs. Williams, a grown up son and daughter, and a little girl between ten and eleven years of age. On the first day, the family, who are remarkable for their piety, were started all at once by a mysterious move ment among the things in the sitting-rooms and kitchen, and other parts of the house. At one time, without any visible agency one of the jugs came off the book over the dresser, and was broken ; then followed another and next day another. A China teapot, with the tea just made in it, and placed'on the mantel piece, whisked off on to the floor, and was immediately smashed. A pewter one, which had been substituted immediately after, did the same; and when put on the table, was seen to hop about as if bewitched, and was actually held down while the tea was made for 1Mr. Williams' break fastbefore leaving for his place of business. When for a time all had been quiet, off came from its place on the wall, a a picture in a heavy gilt frame, and fell to the floor without being broken. All was now amazement and terror, for tbe old people are very superstitious, and ascribing it to a super natural agency, the other pictures were re moved, and stowed away on the floor. But the spirit of locomotion was not to be arrested. Jugs and plates continued at intervals to quit their posts, and skip off their books and shelves into the middle of the room as though they were inspired by the magic flute, and at supper when the little girls mug was filled with beer, the mu- slided off the table on to the floor. Three times it was replenished and replaced, and three times it moved off again. It would be tedious to relate the fantastic tricks wliiclh have been played upon household articles of every kind. An Egyptian vase jumped off the table when no soul was near, and was smashed. The tea kettle popped off the fire into the grate as Nir. Williams had filled the teapot, which fell off the chimney piece. Candlesticks, after a dance on the table, flew off, and ornaments from tile sheleves ard chp-boxes flew about im the oddest mannor imaginable. A looking gloss hopped of a dressing table, followed by combs and brushes and several bottles; and a great pincushion has been remarkably conspi cuous for its incessant jigs from one part to another. The little girl, who is a Spaniard, and under the care of Mr. and Mrs. Williams, is supposed by their friends to be the cause of it all, however extraordinary it may seem in one of her age ; but up to the present time it continnes a mystery, and the moduaoperandi ia invisible. 