Original Poetry. ELEGY ON JOHN WHITE. Out, brief candle! life's but a walking shadow. Shakspeare. Tam Samson's dead!—Burns. Hush! List!—There goes the deep-toned bell That slowly tolls the christian's knell. Whose spirit, gentle stranger, tell, Hath winged its way? Whose mortal part 'neath sable pall, Is borne beside yon churchyard wall, To join the parent of us all, Great Mother Clay? "That solemn knell, those mourners few, With robes and bands of ebon hue, Now pay the last sad tribute due To one, whose head, With genius fraught, such things conceived, That spheres from him their light received; But now, of light and life bereaved, John White is dead!" Alas! Alas! and is it so? Is honest, plodding John laid low By Him who strikes at friend and foe At young and old; Whose reign of terror ne'er will end, While living ties remain to rend; Against whose will none dare contend, When once 'tis told? O, death, unerring harpoonier! Couldst thou not fling thy fatal spear At one who sold bad rum or beer, Or baked light bread; Or swindling knave, or juggling quack, Or ingrate vile who turned his back On those who often filled his sack, By pity led. Or griping usurer who lends His gold to none but "special friends," And that for his own special ends— Mark what I say— One who is modestly content To take but ninety-five per cent., And waits till tenants bring the rent On quarter-day; Or some fierce, hot-headed divine,* Who strives all others to outshine, By penning many a venomed line, To rake up feud; Or base monopolist who'd fain Control the price of meat and grain? Why, cutting short such people's reign Would do some good. But, no, fell tyrant, such as these, Thy fickle fancy could not please; To "drink the wine and leave the lees" Is just thy plan. And yet had you your will declared, We might have better been prepared— In short we "could have better spared A better man." Why, 'twas not many months before, When, angling off our northern shore, You hooked our gallant "Commodore," Poor Billy Blue! + And forced him, spite of tide and wind, That stygian port of yours to find, When some old lubber left behind, as well might do. Even kings thy fatal barb can't flee!— You speared our monarch, Bungaree,° Whose queans, mad (drunk) with grief we see In sables clad; Nor colour, country, rank, nor name Can 'scape thy grasp; all, all's thy game— White, Blue, and Black—O, Death, for shame! You're quite too bad. Now when with hempen necklace, Death, You stop some murderous bandit's breath, Or pop a scolding wife beneath Your counterpane; Or hurl a tyrant from his throne, Who'd smile to hear his people groan; Or choke a glutton with a bone, We'don't complain;— Nor when pimps, bullies, b——, and ——— You pack heels foremost out of doors; Or heartless lawyers net by scores— They're downright Pike— Or spunging sots who, when they draw Their shilling forth, cry "Yorkshire Law;" On such rapscallions clap your paw Whene'er you like; Or when for pleasure, spite, or fun, You rid a debtor of a dun, Or through a catchpole's body run Your icy dart; Or when, to share your clayey bed, A maiden of three score is led, I see no cause to shake one's head, Or break one's heart; Or when at some poor luckless elf, Some hair-brained poet, like myself, Sans home or kindred, friends or pelf, You dart your lance— But, hark'ee, Death--the truth to say, I've no desire to crop your way; So leave me till some distant day" To take my chance. O, wily fisherman, what snares Thy cunning hand for man prepares! The shyest mortals, unawares Thy prey become; A cup too cold, an hour too late, Will catch the loftiest in the state, Whilst for the humbler sort you bait With gin and rum. Then as to poison, steel, hard knocks, Gout, fever, cholera, small-pox, With other ills which that curst box (Pandora's) brought, They're but thy bait for different hooks Designed to fish in different brooks, For those who roam or hide in nooks; They all get caught. But soft, at Death I'll cease to rail, And turn me to the floundering whale Who, like a debtor freed from gaol, Now frisks about. Spout! monster, spout! O dear! how brave! Ah, well you know he's in the grave, Who'd tow you from that briny wave— Yes—by the snout;— And if a grampus in your wake Came puffing up, your part to take, He'd share your fate for whaleship's sake; Nor would John spare Your blubbery kinsman, he whose head Yields stuff that lights rich folks to bed; To George-street, too, he'd soon get led, If budge he dare. Now, ghosts and goblins, play your pranks, Parade the Rocks, march rounds the Tanks, Or stalk down Brickfield-hill in ranks, You need not dread; For quite extinguished is that ray Which often turned the night to day, And kept such folks as you at bay-- John White is dead. What! "Jolly Dick!" ¶ in mourning too? (He comes with humble "how d'ye do?") Why, man, what makes you look so blue? Why hang your head? * Applicable to more than one "Preacher of peace and good-will" of the day. \+ Bill Blue, an American black, had once been coxwain to Governor King (I think) and obtain- ed a Grant on the North Shore; he invariably styled himself "the Old Commodore." ° Chief, or King of the Broken Bay, or Syd- ney tribe. ¶ Lamplighter. J. W. had the contract for a (?) time for lighting some of the public lamps. Yes, yes, I see; stand back--you'll, soil My coat--you stink of rum and oil-- True--true--who'll now "head matter" boil? John White is dead. Why, on that head, it matters not, The head of all is "gone to pot," The "nimble nine-pence" too--forgot-- 'Twill no more clink, In bustling John's well furnished shop; His customers elsewhere must pop, Or, maybe, change it for a drop Of rum to drink. Where now those rays which shone afar Where dazzling sun, full moon, bright star, And comet (harbinger of war) Whose radiant light Filled Sydney streets, out-door and in, Why, Zounds, by glare of oil and tin, A blinker might pick up a pin Throughout the night! Ah me! what cause for deep lament-- To Turkey not a Crescent* sent! Through that same channel, Dick, I meant To spread out trade, And check our population's rate By Eunuchs, coaxed to emigrate, Who'd here be useful in the state For which they're made. The what? the stars of Knighthood? true. Well may the Sydney fair ones rue The loss of that bright genius who Such things could make. No wonder if they stormed outright At Death, for spearing poor John White, Who, clean offhand, could star a (k)night, And no mistake. But see, Dick, what a loss he'll be When our Collegians + disagree On Bump-(or crani)-ology! They've what? D. D's? By great Saint Andrew's well filled mull, He knew more points about a skull, Than those who strive us folks to gull By cheap Degrees! Not one more six-pence § should be spent In boring England's Parliament For leave that some shall represent What all require; For, without proper light, to scan Each separate measure and its man, We'd only fall from frying-pan Into the fire. Now, gentle reader, we'll have done With playful satire, jest, and pun; Perhaps 'twas wrong, so far to run Our wild career; For there are those who fancy ill Oft guides a waggish poet's quill, When harmless thoughts and pure good will Its course does steer. So, as we made a serious start, We'll serious be before we part, And, in sincerity of heart, Wish poor John White A peaceful rest among the dead; Hoping his spirit hence was led, By ray more pure than oil e'er shed, To Realms of Light! FELIX. 