REV. W. B. CLARKE'S SERMON. Tbe Claims ami Supremacy of the Scriptures as the Rule of Faith Bud Practice; applied to the Dpctrines of the Church gf Rome ; A Sermon preached ip St. Thomas's Church, Willoughby, on Sunday, 27ih February; 1M8. By the Rev. W. B. Clarke, M,A;, Incumbent. Sydney; W. 4c F.Ford; Col- man and Piddiqgfoni This i a well timed and judicious publica tion, and offers an edifying contrast to the ntiik- pqd-water effusions which have hitherto ap- peared in connexion with the late perversions to Popery. In the Sermon of the Rev. Mr. Walsh, and in tbe addresses prevented to the Lord Bishop of Sydney, as well as in the re plies which those addresses have drawn from his Lordship, we have had occasion to notice a lamentable coldness in tbe assertion of Catholic truth, in opposition to the heresies pf Rome, The Bishop aud his clergy, and their lay adu lators, haVe appeared to regard the perversion of Sconce and Makiosoii rather a an insujt to the Church of England, than as an iusult to the Lord J esu Christ; and we have beard much of allegiance' to' the Church, and of "confi dence in the clergy, of attachment to the Eng lish ritual, and implicit reliance ou the Bishop all of which may be well in its place, and dopbt less, the occasion justified the expression of such sentiments. But it has been the subject of universal remark, that all the addresses and ipeeches which have hitherto appeared haye been greatly deficient in spirituality > the talk has been all about generalities, and visibilities, a id extrinsicalities j while tbe mdre holy thing of the inner temple, the sacred doctrine of the crucified Redeemer, whom these apostates have Campled under foot, erecting a crucifix in hi stead, are but distantly alluded to with qn eq tire absence of illustration or detail. The sermon before us jorras an exception to the dead nets of the previous documents. Mr. Clarke takes his stand on the broad and only safe groiiud of the Scriptures, taking his text from the language of our Saviour—" Search the Scriptures." (johu v. 39.) There i$ a Popish quibble about this verse, which Mf. Clarke might have done well to notice. The Rev. gentleman is doubtless aware that the Greek word which opr translators have ten dered by the imperative "search,' admits also of the indicative signification, ''ye Search.' The- best commentators a'p'pear to prefer the in. dicative reading, which certainly seems best to accord with the context ; and the Papists, whenever the passage is quoted by Protestants as an injunction to the study of tbs Bible, are ready enough to shew off their bit of learning by casting this criticism in otir teeth, though the fact is, that theRheraisb Testament- trans lates the phrase exactly as we do. The ques- tion of duty, -however, is not at all affected, wheihef the indicative or the imperative reading be adopted, for if pur Lord did not command them tp read the Scriptures, lie musf be under stood as speaking of their practice with common dation, which is equivalent to a command. Mr, Clarke very ably exposes the dark and treacherous dealings of Rome with theScripiures, and the horrible blasphemies whic h htr Popes, and Councils have uttered against the Holy Ghost,, who moved holy men of old to write them. The learned preacher afsp animadverts on the unjustifiable sealing up of the sacred volume by the Chnrch of Rome in the Latin language, by which the most profpund darkuess and ignorance of God's truth was spread over the whole earth, aud tbe true spiritual Cnufch of Christ W88 driven into the wildernpss, fearing to give spiritual birth to a single soul, jest the great Papal dragou should devour it as Soon as burn. He Shews bow Rome was compelled by ibe pressure of modern light, introduced by the J lorious Reformation, to publish a translation of the Bible, but which she darest not give to her children without a mess of notes to obscure and pervert the meaning, It would however have been well to add, that neitber the transla tion nor the notes are sanctioned either by any Pope or General Council, both which authori ties have unceasingly condemned translations into any vulgar tongues. It is in this way that the authorities of the Church of Rome evade tbe responsibility of the murderous notes appended to the older editions of the Donay Bible, of which Mr. Clarke quotes the following among other specimens, which have been expunged from late editions, as being unsuitable to tbe meridian of Great Britain. Here is the note of tbe Rhemisb doctors on Rev, xvii.6, " When Rome puts heretics to death, and allows their punishment in other countries; their blood is not called the blood of saints, no more than the blood of thieves, man-killers, and other male factors, for the shedding of which, by order of justice, no commonwealth shall answer.' The following passage contains an eloquent exhortation to the study of the Scriptures, and a very proper allusion to the late seceders' ; — ' Is there one so cold, so selfish, or so worldly, whose affections are so unholy, so carnal, so un- moved by the condescension of a dying Saviour, and a sanctifying Spirit, as to think it no boon to posses the Scriptures of truth ?— or so careless of his children'swefi'ate as not to think it his duty, befo'e all things, to hand down to bis posterity the pure and unadulterated testimony of the Lord and Stviour Jesus Christ, and to lead them widi him to " search the Scjiptures" for the rule of faith, the kaowledge of the sacraments necessary to his salvation, and " all other things which a Christian Quht to kn0w and believe to h:s soul's health 1" Surely there is none who, iu his heart and with his reason, does cot rejoice with gratitude to God, that he can retire from a busy and ensnaring world and " search the Sc ipltt'es" for himself; that to him, whoever he may be however humble iu earthly rank, however ignorant or mere earthly wisdom, however despised by his fel|ow- creatu(e», there is given by the possession of the Scriptures, not the adulterated mixture of human trad Hon and misinterpreted truth, but the pure and simple revelation of the 5 nui truth, but the pure and simple revelation ol thp Lord ; not the hard and indigestible stones of human iugenui y, but 'he life-giving bread of divine inspira tion; not a difficult and painful service, but the means of enjpying that liberty "wherewith Christ has made us ftee not a hihdted approach, through the intercessions of the deed, but an unlimited access, through the Lprd of life, to the fountain of salvation, which is full of the waters of that " tjver which maketh glad the city of God." Let us never forget that ' Search the Scriptures" was the text of the Reformers ; — tint; had they not searched the Scriptures our emancip&'ion nevtr would have occurred—and that it is our duty in or der tp maintain it, as it was the means whereby they wrought put for us, through blood and flame, the in dependence we enjoy in the midst of .he Church of Christ. ' Search the Scriptures," must be the mot o and the device which we inscribe upon the banner ofour faith. It is by this, that we shall be able tp give an answer to all who " demand the iea.-on oi the hope that is in us," — by which v»e shall be be enabled to discover truth from error, and tp discri minate between the glosses of man and the woid oi God, by which." ye shall know the truth, and th> truth shall make you free.,'— John, yiii. 33. There ire, in the prerent day, advances making bv the Church of Rome to reuuin the power wiiuh once she unjustly obtained, and so unjustly held till the .Reformers arose in the spirit and with the word of the Lord and cast tbe usurpers out. There pre also advances on the part oi lh se who profess iu p.. Id the doctrines of Rome in abhorrence, to unite the Pro- testant w;th the Romish commuiiion at the expense of Ui« former; and theie are also those who, with a blindness per.ectU intelligible to such as know the process by ivhich their eyes have been shut against the truth (th»ugh a subject of surprise and wonder to b hers.) who have made shipwreck of their Faith; and have rushed unbeedingiy into the gulf that has been yawnih.' to receive tlitnii (N»te I.) For a time we have heard of these things as oc curring at a distance, and have, perhaps, res'ed in ah aisurance, that no such daneer Would assail our selves. The events of the last few days have, how evei, undeceived us, and there is no longer room for doubt, that society throughout the Christian world has been leavened !>y the leaven of Rome, and that it is onr duty to : watch and to' pray' agaiQst a present enemy. It becomes not me, -especially in this place, and on this occasion, to take up the ciy of persecution against those who hare thus fallen and "forsaken meir nrsi love, x judge mem noi. i o ineir own master they stand or tall.' But it does become me to lift my vbice amongst those to whom I minister, and to warn lliem earnest ly, and affectionaly, and with all c-r'efulness, against the dangers which have assailed and overcome those who were " watchmen" in Israel; but who from a lob curious seeking after what their Church condem ned, and which the wisdom of our ancestors had branded as erroneous in dbctrine and destructive in practice, were insensibly taken in the Snare spread for the unwary, and by their own judgment handed over to that bondage from which there is If lie hope of their recall. Arid in d'der to do this the more effectually; I .have chosen to address you on the present text, that I niay show to to you what is the perscribed course in the Scriptuses of life for the preservation of our farth ; and that to the neglect of this, there can be no doubt tho lapse of seceders froth our cohtmueion must be charged. The remaipder of the Sermon is occupied with a brie I notice of some ot the chi'ef Romish heresies, and the Scriptural condemna tion of them, and the Rev. preacher concludes with a stirring appeal to his hearers to value more and more the principles of lha Reforma- tion. Same highly valuable notes are append ed to the Sertpon, the chief of which we pur pose reprinting enfire, and a part of which will fie found in another column. 