Hocal Netos. THE OVERLAND MAIL.-We extremely regret to find that the Overland Mail from Hew South Wales did not arrive yesterday. This could not arise from bad roads, as no rain ha*, yet fallen during the present year. It must be caused by the blundering inefficiency of the system. Why do we not have a contractor tûat would do the work efficientlv, at half the present cost? We take this opportunity to men tion. what has long been forcibly impressed, on us, that if the Government or Post t.-i&ce; authorities wished to put obstacles in the way of circulating tbe newspapers and mteUigence generaliy throughout the Province, they could not have devised a ' more effectual plan for that purpose than the present. They have carefully avoided for the despatch of a mail any day on which a newspaper is published ; and even the "Government Gazette/.' said tobe published, on Thursday, though it is really published on Friday morning, which frequently contains matters of great importance to people in the country, is never despatched from the Fast Onice tul the Monday following, along with the Friday and Saturdays newspapers. Far our country circulation in the most important dis tricts, the Post Office is of no assistance to us ; and if this is the case with regatd to newa Iiapers, it must be equally so in reference to etters. In fact, considering the large tax im posed on the colonists for its maintenance, this department of the public service is disgrace fully inefficient. CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOLS.;-On Tuesday last, the children of the various schools connected with the above denomination were entertained (being their third annual anniver sary of the kind) at the residence of their respected pastor (the Rev. T. Q. Stow), Felix stow. Thos>e belonging to Freeman-street and Unley were conveyed thither by means of «arts,, waggons, &c;, mostly lent by the friends of the school for the occasion. On ar«ival at their destination; the were joined by pupils from . the schools of Macgill and Kensington, amounting in all to nearly three hundred chil dren. After being refr* shed by a good supply of fruit and buns, and having amused themselves for some time on the lawn in front of the house, they were called together, and, after singing and prayer, were addressed by G. £vamv Esq., in a most interesting manner. This concluded, they were amply supplied with tem and cake, after which they were allowed to return to their amusements, and the friends of the Pastor (who had previously given a general invitation), along with the teachers, numbering about one hundred and fifty ladies and gentlemen, sat down to tea. The juvenile party, having taken leave of Mr. and Mia. Stow and their guests, left a little before sunset, and reached Adelaide at dusk, all appear ing to be highly gratified with their day's pleasure. SINGULAR DISCOVERY OF A LOST Rnso A few weeks ago, our fellow-citizen, Mr. Marias seeking " health in the breeze,., and vigonr in the flood,*1 took a trip to that fasMonable wafter^ ing place, Glenelg, and on preparing to bathe, took off a valuable gold mourning ring, * ' he placed with his clothes on the sandy'' On dressing again the ring was forgotten» was left to the mercy of the winds and1 A few days back, the little children of one of the residents (Mr. Phipson), were ustäng for cockles, far below high water mark, and on digging up the sand, discovered a remarkably fine one, being no other titan the identical ring in question, buried some six or eight inches in the 6oft soil. On clearing off the oater coat of clay, the name of the owner was plainly per> ceived, who, on recovering die ring, declared he would not have lost it for 50 guineas. After this, who need despair of searching for aneadle in a bundle ot hay. 5 We saw another prophet yesterday-a poor fellow, .who calls himself *' The Messiah Patrick Madden." He labours under several _ singular delusions-declares that he came down from heaven, having predicted his advent; that he was present, in the third year of faLrage, at the battle of the Nile ; that he has been *»«led «« flying through the elements " into every pint of the earth, &c.; His present desire is to obtain magisterial assistance to lay, in tte «ed Sea, certain ghosts or woniçows, which j« cap» ? Chemisjers,*', and which have not. pnlv.«lr chuted every flock be has had theearpj tormented himself; even jbeyond *Jp» patience. He says be ira Catholic, native of the City .of Dublin. To. na, pea» fen o|| aoidW or ^-e perhaps the person referred to, under the same' surname, in the Gazette Notice of the 4th November. Mr. D. Macfarlane has sold 10,000 sheep and run, at i ivoli Bayf for 10s ahead, to Mr. Leake. Considering the present depressed state of the stock market, this is an exe silent sale. The Loyal Norfolk Lodge of O Jd Fellows (M. U.) was opened last night at the "Norfolk Hotel," Rundle-street, bv the Dap. Prov. G. M. (Dyke), and the Prov. C. S. (Hillier), Many Brothers -from the various Lodges were pre sent ; and an excellent suppar was afterwards supplied hy tha worthy Hast, Mr Ottaway. The new Officars are-P. G. "Welsh (Flinders Lodge), N. G.; Brother Hodges (Hope Lodge), V. G.; Brother Doctor Bull (Norfolk Lodge), Secretary. A very large number of proposi tions for nsw members were placed on the books. This makes the tenth Lodge of the Order established in the colony. Since our last, a mercantile house in towu has seizsd, under a writ of " fieri facias," a vessel on the stocks, building for Gaveraient, in consequence of some disputed accounts with the builder; Government has re-taken the ves sel, and stationed one of the police force on board to keep possession. 