BRITISH EXTRACTS. RIGHT OF HIGHWAY In GLEN TILT.—The Lon- don times has the following remarks concerning the Duke of Atholl's and Duke of Leeds conduct in preventing a professor of botany and some tourists on a visit to Scotland from passing through Glen Tilt, and some places on the Grampians, and parts of other Highland districts :—" Nothing can be more simple in theory than the law which governs these cases. The right of way claimed by the visitors to Glen Tilt is one which rests upon custom. As evidence of the custom, they not only produce the testimony of the neighbourhood, but also certain guide-books and travellers' compa- nions of old date, in which the road through the vale is spoken of as a public way. It is laid down on the maps as open to tourists equally with other public roads throughout the country. True it is, that a right standing upon this title—enjoyment founded upon prescription—must have been con= stant and peaceable, and that the Duke of Atholl has of late (we believe) made many ateemps to disturb tourists on their passage through the glen. It is, however, laid down as one of the first prin- ciples of the law upon the subject, that although a title by prescription or custom may be lost by in- terruption, it cannot be lost by interruption of the possession for ten or twenty years, but by inter- ruption in the right only. Now, in the case of the right in question, there has not even been a con- stant interruption of the possession. Stray travel- lers may have been set upon, as was the case with there unforunate naturalists, once and agin by a party of gillies, and, with, remonstrance on both sides, the affair has passed of, other travellers and the neighbourhood continuing to use the way ac- coring to the old custom. The question now takes this shape—can it be made to appear, either by the evidence of living witnesses, or by any other means, that travellers have been in the habit of using this road as a public road for a period of twenty years or more ? If so, there is a presumption at common law that the right is immemorial so as to sustain the prescription. Setting aside this portion of the argument, can anything more absurd be devised than the notion of trespass in such a case ? Trespass,—how and where ? The in- trusion, if any there be, is committed by passing along a barren glen in order to reach hills so barren that it is difficult to conceive the idea of property in connection with them. An action of trepass would almost with as great propriety lie against Dr. Leichhardt or Sir Thomas Mitchell for their exploring expeditions in Australia. If the great Highland chieftains determine to draw a cordon round the hills which we have hitherto been in the habit of visiting for purposes of health and recreation, with no greater injury inflicted on their property than what it receives from the gaze of the tourist, there will be no great difficulty in forcing them to reconsider their determination. We should have imagined that the moment when a slice has just been carved out of almost every great property for purposes of public traffic is ill chosen for putting any portion of Great Britain in a state of permanent blockade. The measuring wand and theodolite make their way over lands which are worth gold to the proprietor by the square inch, and yet, forsooth, the pseudo-chief- tains of the north are endeavouring to stop the public from passing over their barren estates, the full right and title to which would be dearly pur- chased at a shilling the square mile. The time is not only ill chosen with respect to the subject- matter in dispute, but it is still more unfortunate as regards the personages who are placing them- selves in an attitude of hostility to their fellow- subject. The Duke of Leeds, we are told, has shut up the Grampians, and the Duke of Atholl has placed Glen Tilt under a ban. The privilege sought, or rather the right claimed, is one which can in the exercise cause so little loss to them- selves, but the hindrance of it inflicts so much discomfort on the public, that there is something peculiarly unamiable in Scotland's Dukes thus playing the parts of dogs in the manger." SCENE IN AN AMERICAN POLICE COURT.—The New Orleans Picayune gives the following amusing account of the examination of two ju- venile Jemmy Twitchers before Recorder Gonares. They rejoiced in the names of James Johnson and Joseph Brown, and were accused of abstracting cakes from a coffee stand in the market :—" What do you say to this charge ?" said the Recorder to them. " Vy, ve says not guilty, of cours," said Johnson, " no one aint bound to criminate him- self."—" Yes, but you were seen taking the bread by the negro," said the Recorder.—" A nego aint no witness against a whitek boy ; no how you can fix it," said Brown. " And besides," said Johnson, " cakes aint bread no more nor fleas aint lobsters— so there can't be no indictment found the stealing it."—Recorder : " But another person besides the negro woman saw you take the cakes ; the commissary himself saw you do it." —" Vell, vot of it, it warn't no burglary, 'cause it was done in daylight, and there warn't no lock broken " Johnson : " Yes, and I should like to ask the gem'en as how he knows s'pose we did take them, but that we meant to pay for them. It is not every one that takes things on credit as can be prosecuted for larceny—not by a long shot." Recorder : " Both of you seem to have no inconsiderable experience, young as you are in the rules of court and criminal practice ; have you ever been had up before a court before ?" John : " We are not bound to answer that there question, ' cause our kracters haint been im- peached."—Brown (aside to Johnson) : " Right, Jim, mum's the word, kracter ! guess we aint quite so green as he takes us to be." Recorder : for thirty days. You are evidently too idle, too vicious, and I may add too cunning to be per- mitted to go at large."—Johnson, " We calls for a trial by jury, your honour, and a speedy trial at that. The constitution guarantees it to every Merican Citizen, and we aint going to be chizzled out of it, no how."—Recorder, " At all events I will send you to the workhouse for the present. I wish to see if I cannot learn something more about you."—Johnson (as the officer took them out of court), " Vell, then, I'm blowed if we don't get out on a haby corpy." RUM v. WATER.—" If you are fond of spirits, Broadcloth," he continued, " I advise you to leave ghosts alone, and make acquaintance with good old Jamacia spirits. Instead of frightening you out of your wits, they will put wits into you, and that won't hurt you at no time. If you continue to drink cold water much longer, my boy, your timbers will perish of the dry-rot as sure as you are bone. You look as yaller as a pond-lilly now : and it is all owing to living like them on bad water. Man was never made to drink water, or natur' would have put him on all fours with his mouth near the running streams, like all animals intended to use it. But man was calculated to stand straight up upon his pegs, with his mug as far from the cold springs and fish-spawny brooks as possible, and had apple-trees, and sugar-canes, and barley, and what not, given him ; and sense put into his pate to distill good liquor from them, and hands to lift it up to his lips when made, and a joint in his neck to bend his head backward, that it might slip down his throat easily and pleasantly ; and by the same token here is your good health, old fellow, and wishing you might have better beverage in future than horses and asses have. Now, Jamaica spirits I would re- commend to you.—Life is in a Colony by Sam Slick. 