TRAVELLERS' TALES. THE BOSH PEOPLE OF SOUTH AFRICA.-The journey was now to be taken to the northward (from the Cape), and to return by the eastward ; in short, to explore the country, which is mostly in possession of a singular people, known by the name of Bosjesman, from their living and conceal ing themse'ves among the hushes or thickets. I may here at once describe them. At the house of one Kruger, at an early part of the journey, I saw one of these wild men, wilh his two wives and a little child, Who had just been captured or stolen. The man measured four feet five inches, one of the women four feet two, the other four feet three. Physically speaking, they are evidently of the same class of beings with the Hottentot, whose ugly features in this diminutive race are greatly exaggerated, even to disgust. We afterwards sur rounded a krarl, or village of huts, the population of which was estimated at about a hundred and fifty persons. I had several, both men and, women, measured, and the tallest of the former was about four feet nine inches, and the tallest woman four feet four inehes: one of these, who had borne four several children, measured only three feet nine inches. These unfortunate beings are in every re spect, I should suppose, the ugliest of all human creatures. The fiat nose, high cheek bones, pro minent chin, and concave visage partake much of the apish character, which their keen eye, always in motion, does not tend to diminish. The upper lid of this organ, as in that of the Chinese and the Hottentot, is rounded into the lower or on the side next the nose. They are kuown in the colony, from this circumstance probably, by the name of Chinese Hottentots. The activity of this diminu tive race is incredibly great. It is said that the klip springing antelope can scarcely excel them in leaping from rock to rock, and that on rough ground, or up the sides of mountains, horsemen have no chance in keeping pace with them. Yet the form of their bodies would not appear to indi cate this. The great curvature of the spine in wards, and the remarkably extended posteriors are characteristic of the whole Hottentot race ; but in some of the little Bosjesmans they are carried to such an extravagant degree as to excite laughter. In most other respects, mentally at least, they differ very widely. In disposition the latter is very lively arid cheerful ; in his person active ; averse from idleness, he seldom wants employment. Con cealed by day in his hovel, for fear of the boor, he will dance on moonlight nights from the setting to the rising of the sun. Yet every morsel the Bos jesman eats is earned with danger and fatigue ; danger from their inveterate enemies, the boors, and fatigue in searching and laying out plans for capturing different kinds of game. This poor crea" tare neither cultivates the ground nor breeds cat tle. The bulbs of the liliaceous plants and a few graminous roots are all that the vegetable kingdom affords him. The larvae of ants and locusts are luxuries. Of the former we could not but obsesve that an ant-hill, so common in most parts of Africa, was here a rare object. The larvae of locusts he can only procure on occasional visits of this de structive insect. When all these means fail, they are driven by hunger to the necessity of hazarding a toilsome and dangerous expedition of plunder into the colony. They are probably the less scrupulous of this, as the treatment of the boors towards them has been most flagitious. The country was once their own ; it was taken from them by the boors ; and their children were seized and made slaves. The result of all this has been the abommable ex. peditions carried on, under the sanction of the Dutch Government against this miserable race of mortals, by the name of commandos, and which it was the determination of Lord Macartney should no longer be tolerated.-From Sir John Barrow's Autobiography. TRAITS OF NORTH AMERICAN SAVAGE LIFE. Many many summers ago, a large party of Assini boines, pouncing on a small band of Crees, in the neighbourhood of this knoll, nearly destroyed them all. Among the victors was the former wife of one of the vanquished, who, in a previous foray, had been carried off by her present husband from her ancient lord and master. Whether it was that her new friend was younger than her old one, or that she was conscious of having been a willing accom plice in the elopement, the lady, rushing into the thickest of the fight, directed every effort against the life of her first lover. In spite, however, of the faithless amazon's special attentions, the WoL verine, for such was his name, effected his escape from the field of carnage,' while the conquerers were gloating over the scalps of the brethren in arms. Creeping stealthily along the whole day, under cover of the woods, he concealed himself at nightfall in a hole on the top of the rising ground in question. But, though he had thus eluded the vigilance of his national enerries, there was one who; under the influence of personal hatred, had never lost sight or scent of his trail ; and no sooner had he sunk, exhausted by hunger and fatigue, into a sound sleep, than the unswerving and un tiring bloodhound sent an arrow into his brain, with a triumphant yell. Before the morning dawned the virago proudly presented to her Assini boine husband the bleeding scalp of his unfortu nate rival ; and the scene of her desperate exploit was thenceforward known as the Butte a Carcajar, or the Wolverine Knoll. In proof of the truth of the story the Indians assert that the ghost of the murderess and her victim are often to be seen, from a considerable distance, struggling together on the very summit of the height. About twenty years ago a large encampment of Gros Ventreess and Blackfeet had been formed in this neighbour hood for the purpose of hunting during the sum mer. Growing tired, however, of so peaceable and ignoble an occupation, the young warriors of the allied tribes determined to make an incursion into the territories of the Assiniboines. Having gone threugh all the requisite enchantments, they let behind them only the old men, with the women and children. After a successful campaign they turned their steps homeward in triumph, loaded with scalps and other spoils ; and on reaching the top of the ridge that overlooked the camp of the infirm and defenceless of their band, they notified their approach in the proudly-swelling tones of their song of victory. Every lodge, however, was as still and silent as the grave ; and at length, sing, ing more loudly, as they advanced, in order to con ceal their emotions, they found the full tale of the mangled corpses of their parents and sisters, of their wives and children. In a word, the Assini. boines had been there to take their revenge. Such is the true picture of savage warfare, and perhaps too often of civilized warfare also, calamity to both sides, and advantage to neither. On beholding the dismal scene,, the bereaved conquerers cast away their spoils, arms, aha clothes; arid then, putting on robes of leather and smearing their heads with mud, they betook themselves to the hills for three days and nighis, to howl, and mourn, and cut their flesh. This mode of expressing grief bears a very dose resemblance to the corresponding custom among the Jews in almost every particular.-Simp son's Narrative of a Journey Round the World. SPORTIMG INCIDENT.-A few days since a gen tleman in the west of Stirlingshire crossed to one of the islands iu Loch Lomond for the purpose of having a day of young duck shooting. Whilst walking along the shore he saw an adder, about 18 inches long, lying coiled up on the top of a d'y hillock, and succeeded at once io killing it with the heel of his ¿hoe. On proceeding about ten yards further he discovered another of these rep. tiles lying on the path before him, about three feet long, and as thick as his double-barrelled gun. As this was rather large for his heel, he had recourse to his tube. The shot cut it in two. The head part was driven by the force of the shot into some brushwood, into which two of his dogs, small ter-1 riers, immediate y rushed. With considerable difficulty he succeeded in calling them off, but in less than half an hour he missed them, and on turning back he found them both coming slowly along, evidently labouring under the effect of the venomous reptile's bite. Fomentations, oil, &c.;, were had recourse to with as little delay as possi ble, and one of the dogs recovered in four or five days, but the other, at the end of ten days, is still unable to stand, and will taste nothing but cold water. It was bitten on the lip, and the gentle man considers its recovery perfectly hopeless. The dog that recovered was bitten on the shoulder. ESCAPES FROM SERPENTS.-Ragapore, a lone some collection of huts, in the midst of woods and fields, is notorious for snakes: the first sight that greets the new arrival is, right ia front of the low, mean, thatched bungallo allotted to him as quarters, a simple gray stone-a tombstone - placed there, as he will discover on inquiry, over the remains of a predecessor, who died from snake bite ! I had not been two days in command of j this outpost before I issued orders for a general j onslaught of serpents ; promising a slight reward ; for every one that was proved to have been killed \ in the two compounds (enclosures) surrounding ; my bungalo, and an adjoining one in ruins. Im. j menue was my success, thouçn a general prejudice j prevails among the natives that the vang samp, or : cobra di cape Ho, takes notes of such individuals a* \ are on the alert in seeking out its haunt« for the ! purpose of extermination, and rests not till re- i venged on its pursuers. My jemadar, an in tell i- j gent Mussulman, declared that he knew several j instances of the truth of this superstitious belief, ; and very gravely warned me against betraying too '. great a zeal in destroying this venomous species ; j asserting, that it invariably retained a dawa (spite) ¡ against its persecutors. I was one afternoon pre. paring to take my usual ramble, and snatching my ! cap from the table where it had been lying on ! some books, I was putting it on my head when a ¡ snake jumped from it, tumbled down my cheek and breast, and fell on the mat at my feet, beneath j which it concealed itself, before, in my stupor, 1 ; could summon a servant. There, however, it was ' quickly despatched. 11 was a small grey snake, with white streaks down the back, a cobra manilla, and said to be very venomous. My next escape occarred not long after at Kllore, where I had been showing an officer all over my house. About ten minutes after he left me, I had occasion to pass through a small green door, which led into a back bedroom and bath ; just across the whole extent of the threshold was stretched a large snake. I was within a step of treading on it, for the room was dark, and my sight of the shortest. I could not have missed touching it had I advanced, it was fast asleep, and gorged : another cobra di capello. After we had killed it. I took up a little religious book (the gift of a dear friend), containing a text j and prayer for e»ery day in the year, and, looking j out that for the day, found these appropriate words : -" The God of l'eace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly."-Campbell's Rough Recollec tions. GOING AHEAD.-The following queer paragraph H from the New York SM« Indications, we consider, are strong that we may yet be called to admit Old England to the blessings and honours of the republic. It will be extending the area of our ! territory rather wide, but Republican principles are ! strong enough to protect the whole earth io one com. pact. The only objection we caa have at present to , the annexation of England is the want of intelligence and preparation in her masses; these, however, could be soon educated right. Speaking our language, she has superior claim« upon our sympathies, and «*e maj as «tell take her ia a lump, as lo be dribbling her away in emigration, at the rate ot a million a year. The Lancashire and Yorkshire boys would soo a drop their uncouth dialeot, aod adopting (be English lan guage, make good free men and citizen). Stranger things have been seen than parents seeking the pro ! tection of their children, which will be the case when I we gather England into the anion." ' Paris has been visited by a musical phenomenon, Mad'llc Geigler, a child eleven years old, whose musical compositions are said to rival those of Meyerbeer. She has composed the music of an opera called L'Imogene Sacra, which is to be reprinted at Vienna, whither Mad'lle Geigler has gone to superintend its productions. THB JEWISH CEMETERY AT JERUSALEM.-The Jewish cemetery is an extensive tract of ground, situated on the eastern side of the deep valley of Jehosaphat, occupying a space of not less than one hund red and fifty or two hundred acres, of the most part thickly planted with graves, covered with flat horizontal tombstones with Hebrew in scriptions. It seems to have been used for a burial-ground from time immemorial, and is pro bably the locality alluded to in Ezekiel as " the valley full of dry bones." The sight of this vast repository of the dead, containing the remains of countless generations, long since crumbled into dust, of that ancient and remarkable people, which, whether in life or in death, have been so distinguished and separated from other nations, is calculated to excite the deepest and most affect ing reflections. HISTORIANS OF CHINA.-No nation has had so many historians as China from the time of Con fucius, who was born B. C. 550. He was the first who collected the records (bundles of wood), and formed them into a history; every age since his time has had its historians, many of whom, how ever, are only transcribers. Dr. Bridgeman, a master of the language, speaking of the native historians, says that a few are found among them whose writings are remarkable for their originality of thought and purity of diction, and that they have supplied rich and vario as materials for composing a history of one of the first nations that existed. He adds, that the author who would furnish a good history of China mast make up his mind to Btudy carefully nore than one thou sand volumes of native works. - Montgomery Martin's China. WINE OF AUSTRALIA.-There is every reason to believe that Western Australia will one day become a great wine country. Its vineyards are becoming more numerous and extensive every year ; and the wine produced in them is of a qua lity to lead us to believe that when the art of pre. paring it is better understood, it will be found of very superior quality. It will, however, be a new kind of wine ; and therefore, before it will be prized in Europe, prejudices ia favour of older wines have to be overcome. Soil and climate combined give to different wines their peculiar flavour. The vines which in Madeira produce the wine of that name, when brought to another country, even in a corresponding latitude, and planted in a soil that chemically approaches as closely as possible to that which they have left, will produce a wine materially different from that called Madeira. So with the wines of Xeres and Oporto, of Teneriffe, or Constantia. Different countries produce wines peculiar to themselves ; and the wines of Western Australia will be found to be entirely sui generis. All that I have tasted, though made trom the poorest of grapes, the common sweet water, have one peculiarity; a good draught, instead of affecting the head or flushing the face, causes a most delightful glow to pervade the stomach ; and it is of so comfort ing a nature, that the labourers in harvest prefer the home-made colonial wins to any other bever* age. Every farm settler is now adding a vineyard to his estate.-" Lander's Bushman." AUSTRALIAN TENACITY OF LIFE.-The natives are very tenacious of life ; aed so are all the birds and animals indigenous to the country. The na tives often have spears thrust completely through their bodies, and without any serious injury re ceive wounds that would prove mortal to the whites, A vagabond who had speared one of those noble rams of ours, of whom honorable mention bas been already made, was shot by our shepherd whilst in the act of decamping with the carcase. The ball passed 'completely through his lungs, and would have made an end of any white man ; but the native recovered in the course of a few days, and. walked a hundred miles, heavily ironed, to take his trial for sheep-stealing at the Quarter Sesssions.-Ibid. A FUGITIVE BULLFIGHTER'S REFUGE.-Juan cho had gone to the circus, driven thither by the force of habit rather than by any interest in the sport that had once engrossed his thoughts and energies. Since the terrible scene in Mttitona's room had convinced him she loved another, his courage and energy seemed to have deserted bira. He waB morose, listless, and indifferent to every» thing. Nevertheless, he had instinctively wan dered down to the bull- ring, to look at some remarkably fine beasts that had been brought to the stable for the next day's fight. He was still there, and was walking aerosB the arena, when Argamasilla and Covachuelo arrived with a little squad of assistants, and Covachuelo, with infinite ceremony and courtesy, informed Juancho that he ' was under the painful necessity of conducting him to prison. Juancho shrugged his shoulders con temptuously, and walked on. The alguazil made a sign, and two men laid hands upon the torero 1 who brushed them away as though they had been flies upon his sleeves. The whole band then pre cipitated themselves upon him. He struggle* furiously, and knocked them about like nine-pins but, sensible that he must at last be overpowerei by number, he managed gradually to get near th toril (the stable where the bulls are kept), am then, shaking off his assailants by a sudden effort he opened the door, and took refuge in that dan gerous asylum. His enemies endeavoured to fol low him ; but, whilst they tried to force the dooi it suddenly flew open, and a bull, hunted fros his stall by Juancho, dashed with lowered, ho ru and dreadful bellow amongst the terrified troop The poor devils had but just time to climb th barriers, and one of them only escaped with terrible rent in his lower garments. T^iis darin proceeding of the begged greatly diseoneerte< the beseigers. Nevertheless, they plucked u courage, aud after a white ventured to return t the charge. This time two bulls rushed out, and as the police dispersed and got away with alt th agility of fear, the wild animals, seeing no burna foes, turned their wrath against each other, crosse their horn«, and, with muzzles in the dust of th circus, made furious efforts for mastery. 4 Com rade," cried Covachuelo to Juancho, " we kao\ the extent or your ammunition. You have sti! five bulls to let off; after that you will be com pelted to surrender unconditionally. If you ca pitu!ave and come out at once, I will take you t prison with due regard to your feelings, withou handcuffs, in a coach at your own expense, an will say nothing in my report of the resietanc you have made, which would aggravate you case." Juancho, careless about his liberty ceased hie defence, and gave himself up to Arga masiHa and Covachuelo, who took bim to priso; with all the honours of war.-" Blackwood'* Ma gazine." HORSE FLESH BANQUET.-About one huodre and sixty persons sat down to a horse- flesh dinnei in the Adler Hotel, at Bornheira. The dione was ordered by the Frankfort Seciety for the Pro tection of Animals, Zuri Schutz der Thiere. W are enabled to state that horse-flesh affords a ver palatable dish. The dinner was enlivened b; many toosts and songs.-" Frankfort Journal." MODERN ROME.-Modern Rome occupies but small portion of the original city ; it may be fifth that is enclosed by the wall which still re mains, though it is difficult upon this subject t speak with absolute certainty. The present cit; ! touches the wall only at the north, where it de ! chnes to the Tiber ; but in some other points i does not approach nearer to it than two miles ; th intervening space being mostly filled with vine yards or villa« of the Roman nobles, which gene rally have ample grounds and gardens attached The city ia chiefly confined to the banks of th Tiber, which runs through it ; but it is far large and more populous on the north-east side. Thi is the quarter upon which stand the Forum, th Colosseum, and the Palace of the Casars, as wei as the chief monuments of Rome. Upon the op posite side lies the chief attraction ot the moder city, the Church of St. Peter.-Vicary's notes of i residence in Rome. POLYNESIAN FRIENDSHIPS.-The really curioui way in which all the Polynesians are in the habt of making bosom friends, at the shortest possibh notice, is deserving of remark. Although, ?mon< a people like the Tahitians, vitiated as they arc . by sophisticating influences, this custom has ic ! moBt cases degenerated into a mere mercenary relation, it nevertheless had its origin in a fine, and in some instances, heroic sentiment, formerly entertained by their forefathers. In the annals ol the island are examples of extravagant friend ships, unsurpassed by the story of Damon and Pythias. In truth, much more wonderful; for, notwithstanding the devotion, even of life in some cases, to which they led, they were frequentlj entertained at first sight for some stranger from another island. Filled with love and admiratien for the first whites who came among them, the Polynesians could not testify the warmth of theil emotions more strongly than by instantly making their abrupt proffer of friendship. Hence, in old voyages, we read of chiefs coming off from the shore in their canoes, and going through with strange antics, expressive of this desire. In the same way, their inferiors accosted the Beamen ; and thus the practice has continued in some islands down to the present day. There is a small place, not many days' sail from Tahiti, and seldom visited by shipping, where the vessel touched to which I then happened to belong. Of course, among the simple-hearted natives, we had a friend all round. Mine was Poky, a handsome youth, who never could do enough for me. Every morning at sunrise his canoe came alongside, loaded with fruits of all kinds. Upon being emptied it was secured by a line to the bowsprit, under which it lay all day long, ready to carry its owner at any time to shore on au errand Seeing him so indefatigable, I told him one day that I was a virtuoso in shells and curiosities of all kinds. That was enough. Away he paddled for the head of the bay, and I never saw him again for twenty-four hours. The next morning his canoe came gliding slowly along the shore, with the full-leaved bough of a tree for a sail. For the purpose of keeping the things dry, he had also built a sort of platform just behind the prow, railed in with green wicker-work ; and here was a heap of yellow bananas and cowrie shells, young cocoa-nuts and antlers of red coral, two or three pieces of carved wood, a little pocket-idol black as jet, and rolls of printed tappa. We were given a holiday ; and, upon going ashore; Poky, of course, was my companion and guide. For this no mortal could be better qualified. His native country was not large, and he knew every inch of it. Gallanting me about, every one was stopped and ceremoniously introduced to Poky's " tayo karhowree nuee," or his particular white friend. He showed me all the lions ; but more than all he took me to see a charming lioness, a young dam sel, the daughter of a chief, the reputation of whose charms had spread to the neighbouring islands, and even brought suitors therefrom. Among these was Tooboi, the heir of Tamatoy, King of Raiatair, one of the Society Isles. The girl was certainly fair to look upon. Many hea vens were in her sunny eyes ; and the outline of that arm of hers, peeping forth from a capricious tappa robe, was the very curve of beauty. Though there waa no end to Poky's attentions, not a syllable did he ever breathe of reward ; but sometimes he looked very knowing. At last, the day came for sailing, and with it, also, his canoe, loaded down to the ganwale with a sea stock of fruits. Giving htm all I could spare from my chest, I went on deck to take my place at the windlass, for the anchor was weighing. Poky followed, and heaved with me at the samg^igj^ spike. The anchor was soon up, and away We went out of the bay with more than twenty shal lops towing astern. At last, they left us ; but, long as 1 could see him at all, there was Poky, standing alone aud motionless in the bow of his canoe.-Adventures in the South Seas. LOVE OFFERINGS AMONGST THE HORRAFORAB. I had no proof that the Papuans are cannibals ; but I had ocular demonstration to tell me the I Horoforas are, men, women, and children. The j latter have a horrible custom, I believe peculiar to themselves. A young man, before he can possess bis bride, must present her with a human head, which must not be mutilated, but, on careful examination of it by her family, bear the true marks and ornaments of one of an enemy. For this purpose, two or three yoong mea who wish to have a wife will start off in the direction of the enemy's tribe, and be out, perhaps two months, skulking about before they can surprise one of the enemy and possess themselves of the desired head, which, when obtained, is carefully enveloped j in damp leaves, then a deep covering of grass, and rolled over and over with twine or cord made, j of cocoa-nut fibre sinnet, so that it looks like a large ball. In the march home, it is frequently dipped in water, to prevent decomposition as much as possible until the presentation of it to the family of the intended bride. I happened to' see two young men. who had been nearly three mouths away return after aa expedition of this kind. They certainly must have been greatly attached to their sweethearts, for their sufferings were great. Patches of their own skin were torn off by the bushes, portions of it raised in large blisters, by being obliged to lie for hoftrs in the grass under a burning sun, lest they might be seen. Sundry bites of snakes about thc legs ; in fact they had suffered much, and traversed a dis tance ot nearly three hundred miles, not on a railroad, or with shoes on, baton their naked feet, over a rough, ragged, barbarous couatry, .* all for love."- Coulter's Adventures, fyc. PLEASANT QUARTERS IN.ASSIM.-On one occa. sion, about eight o'clock at night, sitting by a snug fireside, my attention was arrested by the approach of an unwelcome visitor making his way in at the door. Taking up a candle to ascertain what was toreing ingress to n»y dwelling, I beheld a python ora boa ^constrictor, about six feet long, steadily advancing towards me. In my defenceless position, it may be imagined that safety depeuded on imme diate flight ; and the monster thus speedily gained the entire possession of my habit «tiou. It was, however, for a few minutes only that he was per mitted to remain the undisturbed occupant of the abode ; for my servants quickly despatched the intruder with a few blow- inflicted with long poles, An apothecary, who had long been attached to the Assam Light Infantry, assured me that the pythons, or boa-constrictors, were very numerous in our vicinity, and of an immense size, some not being less that fifteen or eighteen feet in length. I had evidence of the truth of the statement, a skin fifteen feet long being subsequently brought to me by the natives. I caused it to be tanned and sent to Eng* land. Small serpents were often met with. Oa one occasion the apothecary brought me two boa constrictors of about four feet long, which i:e had found oía table curled up amongst some bottles in the same room where his childreu were sleeping. In all probability the lives of the infants were saved by the musquito curtains preventing access to the bed. Boa-constrictors are exceedingly fond of rats, and on this occasion they had evidently i been in search of their prey. As my co tage had not the usual white cloth ceiling suspended, in* sects, snakes, and vermin frequently descended from the roof into the rooms ; but, by keeping the ? house free of baggage and well swept« contact with ! them was avoided. The reader will suppose an Assam mat-hut to be a dreary kind of residence ; but I can assure him the logwood fire on a hearth one foot high, in the centre of the room, with a small window cut high in the wall for the escape of the smoke, is by no means devoid of cheerful ness.-Sketches of Assam and the Hill Tribes. ADVENTURES IN STRIA.-We have just heard of an interesting adventure of Lieutenant Molineux, of her Majesty's frigate Spartan, which may amuse our readers. He hiving volunteered to make a survey of the Dead Sea «luring the time the frigate was on the coast of Syria (a sea. by the by, which has never been thoroughly surveyed started with three of the crew of the above frigate. Soon after the arrival of the gallant lieutenant at the place of his labours, the story is told that the j boat's crew were attacked by a band of Arabs, and made prisoners. The Arabs were, however, satis fied with not taking their lives, but plundered them of everything they had ab »ut them, not even except" ing their shirts, and left them thus exposed to a burning sun on a parched sand. The sailots bravely persevered, and after incredible hardships arrived safe at Beirout, with their backs skinned by the heat, and their feet dreadfulty swollen. The men were conveyed on board of her Majesty's stea-ner Hecla, and immediately were put on the sick list. They are, happily, recovering, and are now in the quarantine harbour, but they will get pratique on the 2nd proximo with the steamer. But, to return to the lieutenant, he wa« more fortunate. Whilst riding on a camel he was attacked by the Arabs, but, with the true courage of a British tar, imme diately jumped off the animal's back, and, getting to leeward, presented his double-barrelled gun over the neck of the camel, and, with his finger on the trigger, threatened the robbers to fire upon the first that attempted to touch bim. In skis slate he travelled, keeping the ruffians at bay, for miles, and, at last, reached Jerusalem in safety We hear that he has since joined his ship at Jaffa, and is now engaged in drawing a chart of that ancient historical, and interesting city. The Cadi, or Governor, having been informed of the affair, im mediately sent in pursuit of the Arabs, whose tribe are well known.-Malta Times. CURIOUS WEAPON.-Among many Indians, par ticularly in the western and northern districts of the Pampa del Sacramento, the pooina is a weapon much used in hunting. It is made of a long reed, and measures eight or ten, or even more. feet. At one end are fixed two teeth of a javali. or white lipped peccary (dicotyles labiatus), on which the reed is rested when taking aim. The ai rows, which are only one-and a-half or two inches long, are made of the thick part of a strong cactus stem. In general their small arrows are poisoned, for otherwise the wound would be too inconsiderable to kill even a little bird. The poison for arrows differs almost with every tribe, and very mysterious ceremonies are observed at its preparation. On this account the art of preparing it and the ingre dients employed are only very partially known to Europeans. Their elements are obtained from several plants not yet defined botanically, among which the apihitasca and poison capsicum are much resorted to. Infusions of the leaves of a very strong kind of tobacco, and of the sanano (tabtrnomon* tana sanano, R.P.). and of euphorbiaceae are also taken. Some modern travellers, contrary to the testimony of the olde-t writers on Peru, have as serted that no animal substance is employed in the poison for arrows- I am, however, enabled to state, on the authority of an Indian who had him self often made the poison, that not only the black and very poisonous emmett (cryptacereo atrato affin), but also the teeth of the formidable serpent known to the Indians by the name of miuamaru, or jergón (lachesis picta, Tsch.), are used for that purpose. The wound of the poisoned arrow is fatal and rapid. Men and large mammalia die in about four or five minutes after receiving the wound, the i smaller mammiferous animals and birds in two j minutes. The blow-reed send these deadly arrows j with great certainty to the distance of thirty-two or | thirty-six paces. Hunting with the blow.reed j imust be long practised in order to acquire dexterity j n its use, and great caution is requisite to avoid i being self-wounded by the small, sharp arrows. | An example came to my knowledge in the case of , an Indian who let aa arrow fall, unobserved, from : his quiver. He trod upon it, and it penetrated the sole of hi« foot. In a very short time he was a corpse.-Von TsckudFs Travels in Peru. MALLEABLE GLASS.-Professor Schonbein, who invented the gun-cotton, is stated, in the Revue Scientifique et Industrielle, to have, to a certain point, discovered malleable glass! He tenders paper paste (papier mache) transparent, by causing it to undergo a certain metamorphosis, which he calla catalytic, for want of a more intelligible term. He makes of this new paper window panes, vases, bottles, &c;, perfectly impermeable to water, and which may be dropped on the ground without breaking, and are perfectly trauspatent.-Me. ehanics' Magazine, i LÍETENANT-GENERAL SIR CHARLES NAPIER. A correspondent at Nice sends us an account of the reception given to Sir Charles by his fellow-country men on his arrival in that city. Being apprised of the intention of Sir Charles to visit Nice previous to his return to England, the British subjects resi dent there unanimously agreed to the following congratulatory address, which was presented to Sir Charles by a deputation, on the 14th :-" On the part of our fellow-countrymen at Nice, we most heartly welcome your arrival amongst us : and we beg to express our very high and grateful sense of your long, arduous, and brilliant services especially in the two glorious victories of Meanee and Hydrabad. Long may you live, Sir Charles, to enjoy your hard won honours ! and long may your country rejoice in the health and happiness of one who has served her so well, and whose name (in Lord Hardinge's appropriate language) h; « been so ' gloriously pre-eminent.' " Signed by C. Lamb, Esq. fin the chair), at Nice. Sir Charles Napier replied as follows : " Gentlemen-It is difficult to express my strong feeling of gratitude at "the flattering reception given to me on my arrival from India. To bc thus received by such a num ber of my countrymen holding various political opinions and of various professions, would pro luce in me an unbecoming vanity, were I not conscious of having no claim to your praise, except as the representative of those brave troops that won the victories which you have been pleased to mention so honourably- I have probably bid those excellent soldiers an eternal adieu; but, far as I may be moved from them, I shall always acknowledge that to their bravery I owe everything, including the marked honour which I have thia day received from you, and for which, gentlemen, allow me again to return my sincere thanks." A NIGHT IN TEE WOODS.-After wanlering about the woods until my feet were blistered, I concluded to pitch my teat for the night, although the only things I hal with me, to make me com fortable in ray solitude, were aa ualoaded gun, a horn half full of gunpowder, and my shot-big, empty of shot and balls. I happened to be in a deep valley, which was entirely covered with pine trees. One of them had two large branches that shot out together about a dozen feet from the ground ; aa I, as I had no sure way of keeping off au enemy,! managed to climb up to them, and there spent the ni^ht, without once budging from ray interesting roost. I was not visited by any goblins on that memorable night ; but the actual miseries which ministered to me during the dark hours were quite numerous. Ia the first place. I had to watch the deepening shadows of the even, ing, tormented by hunger and thirst. Instead of having aa opportunity to satisfy my own appetite it seemed as if all the musqaetos in the wilderness had assembled together, for the purpose of having a feast on ray own flesh and blood. But nature granted rae a brief respite from this torment by causing a heavy shower to fill, which had a ten dency to cool my feverish Ups and brow, and j allowed me a lucid interval of sleep. Bat this blessedness was soon ended ; for, in a fit cf the nightmare, I had a very narrow escape of falling to the grouni. After I had fairly recovered my ¡ self, and again drank ia the horrors of a musqueto i dirge, I almost made up my mind to drop at any ! rate, and thereby ead my life and the enjoyment of my internal enemies. But there was soon another change ia the character of my miseries. An immense owl had the impudence to perch himself on a limb above my head, whence he poured forth a flood of the most horrible scream ing that mortal ever heard. Soon as the echoes thus awakened had melted into silence a crock ling sound fell upon my ear, and I beheld an old bear straggling along as if be was sure of enjoying a feast of fresh meat. He halted and snuffled around the base of a tree which stood only a few yards distant from the ons I occupied, and then contained on his way. He seemed to know that human feet had lately trodden the valley, but, rationally concludiog that no sensible man would remain in that particular region any longer than he could possibly help it, he did not trouble him self about the scent he had discovered. I felt ! grateful towards the old savage for his uninlen j tional politeness, but if my gua had been loaded i with only oue ball I should have favored him with j aa unexpected salute. The hours which followed this event, and preceded the dawn, were the i longest that I ever experienced. My wretchedness ! was indescribab le. I was cold and hungry, and in I a perfect fever from want of sleep, and the insect : poison infused into my whole body ; but morning came at last, and with it the warm bright sun shine and the silence of the Sabbath ; only a loud clear chorus of sweetest melody echoed through the pine forest valley, from the throats of a thou. ; sand feathered minstrels. On descending from i roy elevated position, I ascended a high hill, from whose summit I could look down upon a beautiful . lake, where I saw my fellow- travellers ali quietlj ! afloat in their canoes. I loaded my gun witt ! powder, and fired a signal, which was answered by a deafening shout that was far sweeter to m j ears, at that particular moment, than even thc song of birds. When the Indians who had beer hunting after me, had returned, and when I re sumed ray seat ia the canoe, and had a slice o cold pork between my fingers, f was perfectly happy, ia spite of the many jokes cracked at mj expense.-Summer in the Wilderness. PRELUDE TO AN IRISH TEA-PARTY.-Mrs. Fo garty was a hard task-mistrees, for she requirec her servants to forget as well as remember ; and she was not easily put aside from her purpose, ai the following conversation will show:-"Thady the kettle ; you 're sure it boils?" " Faith it does ma'am, I seen it myself." "Well, put it on a while longer ; I like to see the smoke of it. Ah hold it on for fear it would fall ; sure it migh scald Mr liaferty-", " Divle a fear; sure he's hi boots an." " Ah, what are you dancing abou for, like a goose on a hot plate? It's like a join of meat you are turning round and round." " B; me sowl, it's mate I ant, thin ; divle a doubt of it And a roastiug I'm getting any how. Will 1 we the tay. ma'am ?" " Ah, you're mighty tender al at once ; sure you can't mind a trifle of hate lik< that." " Hate ! Faith, hate's no name for it Murther, let me out o' this ! Will I wet the tay ma'am ? ' " Wold on awhile till it smokes at thc spout. You're getting quite affected. Falls.' " Well, thin, it's time for me, roasting before a kisl o' turf, and the smalls sticking to me. Will I wei the tay, ma'am ?" " Wait awhile, Thady; sure the tay would'nt open." " By my sowl, m open meself this a wy. Will I wet the tay now, ma'aau ?' " Awhile longer, Falls. Ah, why will you turn your back ?-you'll dip your skirts in the fire, sc you will." ** Blood ah' oouns! will I wet the taj now, ma'am ? " Just a cup. Falls, to draw it. Ah, will you mind what you're doing, flourishing tht kettle round Mrs. Molloy ! I believe it's mad you are, shifting your hands abour. Can't you hold il steady, and ¿ll up the pot?" ''It'd aisy tosa; " Hould it steady, an* it red hot." " Now you'r< j taking the skirt of your coat to it ! You're de stroying the livery, so you are. Well, indeed, Falls you're a strange man. But what's this! Sure it's milk you've brought me instead of crame.' Thady (stooping confidentially) :)-" Well, faith ma'am, you tould me milk yourself" .' Indeed Thady, I told you no such thing ; I said cramc for the party.'' Thady (with great earnestness:] " You tould me milk, I'll be on my oath to it»* " Ah. not at all at all-you're strangely inatten tive, Falls." " By me sowl. I was attending to al you said- Sure you were talking all the time 1 was rubbing the waither. Kit S lane heerd you S&ys; yon, 'Milk will do for 'em-why would ] get crame ? Sure I would'nt make a stranger o Mrs. Molloy and the Griers. There's on'y th1 officer.' says you ; ' he'll be sitting be Miss Kilaly Ah, what'll he know about milk aud crame ? Sure it's a purty girl he comes for, not tay. Faith, 1 'most forgot Ambrose Casan,' says you. ' Ah, pooi Ambrose," says you,4 h'es a pote ; it's hard to saj whether he know's a cup from a taypot, wid bia rhymes and his songs. Sure ifs draining he is, mostly.''-Scraps and Sketches of Irish Life. PICKPOCKETS CAUGHT ET ELECTRICITY.-At the Dublin Police-office, on Friday week, John Mar. phy and James Conroy were charged under tb« following rather curious circumstances. 9êmt time since, a shopkeeper in Grafton-street placed an electric brass. bar outside his window tc frighten away idle strollers and others who used to assemble about his premises at night. The moment a person laid hands on the bar, au elec tric shock was felt. This caused much amuse ment, and instead of remedying the evil which il was intended to correct, it became a source ol greater annoyance, as crowds collected about tbs place after dusk to witness the effect produced ox the uninitiated who might happen to lay hands on the " magic bar." A crowd, ss usual, had col« lected about the place, when the prisoner, alona with another boy, got into "the thick of the throng" and commenced operations on the pockets of the byestanders. Murphy got his hand into a gentleman's pocket, and an officer, bari og an eye on the chfip, made a movement towards him, which the fellow observing, in an effort to ex« trícate the hand from the deep pocket in which il was lodged, happened to touch the bar with his other hand. He received the shock, which wai communicated to the gentleman, who, in the jump, caught the fellow's arm ia his pocket jual at the instant that the officer seized him by the neck. The capture was complete, when the con« stables also *' gripped" Conroy, who attempted ta liberate his " friend." The third boy got away in the confusion, bnt the two prisoners were saféis lodged at the station, and, the facts being full] proved, the prisoners were sent for trial at tht sessions-. This, it is believed, ia the first assist ance given by electricity to the detection ol thieves. The last descendant ef Martin Luther, non living in Germany, and very poor, lately ab jured the reformed, and adopted the Catholit religion. 