PROSPECTS OP PiLLAGE FOR 1849, IN our last number His Excellency's Finance Minute C3me under consideration, we resume the subject, confining our strictures however to the Estimates of the coming year, and it does not require a very prominent organ of casualih/, or a vast concentration of intellect to arrive at the conclusion, that a more frightful, improvident and plundering Expenditure was never purposed against a people. The first item stands prominent, and, as if each individual's salary might be too shamefully large for identification, they are all lumped in one, as " fixed bv Acts of Council," to the tuns of £7,500. The Lieutenant- Governor, in this, takes the "lion's portion £4,000, and the Chief Justice, Bishop Nixon and Puisne Judge, swallow up the remainder. It is really so disgusting a job, to read seriatim this anti-Joe-Hume document, that, although at first we determined to analyse it carefully, we have several times thrown it on one side, wearied and nauseated with interminable salaries for which, like Diogenes with his lanthorn in search of an honest man, we might ransack the Colony before we should find the ghost of an equivalent, such immense sums these vampires suck from the very vitals of the Colony. How is it possible, that capital can accumulate so as to open up new lands, establish manufactories, and continue trade, when the finery of these centipedes has to be paid for with the money of the Colonists, when it never circulates, but is cut off for ever and sacrificed in payment for the luxuries these mctumis sujels require to be imported for their use? We have read of the plagues of Egypt, and know something of what the Spaniards call " LB -plaga del insulrible lormeiito de las mo'scas." but these flies, of all flies, that fly away with proceeds of the Colonists' labour, are the most odious and pernicipus; ' One question we should like to ask and tlrat is, what does the Chief Police Magistrate do for his j wage of £800 a year, and upwards ? We know the Police Magistrate of Hobart Town, and" His Worship," Mr. P. Tomlius do all his legitimate duties, so the situation, without any detriment to the interests of the community might be merged in Mr. Wilmot'e, and Mr. Burgess return, like a troubadour to the lady city of r his v:~ Iieavtj Brummagem. •Rapacity seems to be the preominant vice of Lieutenant-Governors, and while out talented LaUnceston contemporary, the Exminer, states; that a characteristic punishment for the ball-room extravagance, *' to make his Excellency -dance in the deepest hole in our streets for half-a-dozen hours on a raitiy day;" it is our notion, that if Sir W, T. Denison requires a new ball-room, he should be welcome to pay for it. 1 f he is particular about an undeniable apartmeat for saltatory amusements— vvhat is his £4,000 a-year for ? It is true, £2,000 of this is paid by the British Government, and so it ought—£1,000 a-vear, with the , , • -i expences charged to the Civil establishment, and the Birthday Ball paid for besides, would be ample remuneration for the delegated ruler ovef a population of TO,000, of which, nearly 30,000 are in bonds. Of these latter, 10,000 are in gangs or stations, and, of course, pay nothing towards the annual revenue, which, amounting as estimated to nearly £140,000,'gives in round numbers £2 7s. a-Lead for the whole population, including infants, j paupers and other dependent per-1 sons; and being double the amount paid by each individual of the United Kingdom, well might Sir. Gregson, in the Legislative Council, complain of over- taxation, and of the country being impoverished by such a constant drain upon its resources. Here are the facts as taken from the documents of the Colonial Government itself, there is no overstating or forced conclusion, all is straight forward. Tiie people cf Van Diemen' s Land, in aggregate, pay as much towards the support of the Government, as would at the present price of wheat, find each individual in bread all the year round. The rational principles of coloniation may be very brieffy stated, nd by comparing thetn with the ractice, the oppression and wrongs which have been leaped upon this Colony, may also easily be estiated". We do not mean to lay the hole amount of blame upon the Secretary of States' department, officials at home are obliged to view a dependency in a great measure picture proper shape, the error of vision When a nation like Great Britain becomes over populated, like a hive of bees, a necessity exists for throwoff a swarm, to find homes in some distant settlement. To a manufacturing people, a great benefit is superinduced by Colonization, not only does the mother country get rid f a redundancy of numbers, which, f allowed to remain, would speedily ost three times the amount of emiration, by coming under the head f a crime class, but as the operations in a new Colon}' are at first ltogether confined to agricultural ursuits and means of support, wools, cloths and all articles of mechanic skill must necessary be derived from "home;" thus, her Colonies have ever been the great market for British manufactures, In return—to say nothing of the peculiar obligations of a government; towards a penal settlement, it is incumbent upon the parent state to assist its offspring by forming roads, liarbours and other public works, and affording ~ every inducement, encouragement and advantage to those who expatriate themselves to seek fresh homes " iu the howliug wilderness." As Hamlet says—- " Look opon this picture, aud on that," on what they ought to do and what they have done. We are ground down to the dust,—we pay twice as much as the people of England in taxation,—we are governed in the Roman style without the Roman munificence. Rome to England, when, she invaded it, was a more merciful mother than England is to -this country. With every natural advantage, with every blessing that Heaven can bestow upon a country with industrious and energetic people, and who, considering their admixture and origin, are not so im moral as might be expccted—perhaps very little more so than some pet?colonies—we, as a community, are pressed into the earth, overwhelmed M-liplmpd with with on nn incubus inrnhiis of of bad bad and expensive government, the members of which, neither understand the .-condition of the country, its necessities, nor its prospects. I f ever a nation was working to Lave the knife of separation put between the scion and the parent trunk, it is England, However, the loyalty of the present generation may submit and survive the wrong t the future population of these Colonies, anil under that head we comprise all Polynesia _ and Australasia, unprethe British Isles, brought up under _ judicedj and unmoulded in those peculiar ideas, which, to natives of the Crown, Lords and Commons, becomes part of their idiosyncrasy, will be very apt to throw off a bur densome /loninnip yoke, vnL'd fl<5 as America Ampripn has line done dnii, before them, causing England a loss not only of- political greatness, hut that market for her manufactures upon which her present opulence as a nation, almost solely depends. We cannot do better than conclude this article with an extract from an eminent wtiter, whose prediction, however, we sincerdv hope may never come to pass.—Wearecertam " J 1 " not wlth regard to ruffianism and P lrac J- " ' If something he not dose,' wrote Sir Jaaifs Mackintosh from Botany B»y. forl y years ago,«to introduce the principle of order and -good government into the colony, I veuture to predict that Botany Bay, which must, in spite of fate, speedily grow strong and populous, will, in filly years become the greatest nuisance on the face of the earth—an unmixed community of ruffian?, who will shake off the yoke of England, and, placed at a distance wliich makes them inaccessible to conquest, will become ti republic of *irales, the most formidable that ever roamed the seas. England in rearing such a community, is prepariug not only conquerors f-.»r Jndia, but enemies to herself and to all mankind.* " 