MANCHESTER. j This afternoon, a meeting of the German I residents of this city was heid in the Lecture j Theatre of the Athenaeum, for the purpose of j voting an address of sympathy and congrata lation to the people of Germany, for the recent efforts which they have made for the attain ment of liberty end independence, and also to open a subscription in aid of the widows and orphans of the heroic men who had the misfor tune to fall in the struggle. Silas Schwabe, Esq., occupied the chair. There were about two hundred and fifty gentlemen present. The proceedings were conducted in German, and several speakers were repeatedly interrupted by loud cries of " Bravo !" Mr. Eller moved the address, which was seconded by Mr. Lucius. . Mr. Oldenburg moved an amendment in re ference to the subscription, but when put to the vote it was lost by an overwhelming majority. Several animated speeches were delivered on . the occasion, and the meeting was quite enthu siastic. Thanks were voted to the Chairman, and the proceedings terminated at four o'clock. Globe, March 31. MEETING OF THE TRADES OF THE METRO POLIS.-Last evening, at eight o'clock, a meet ing of the delegates of the various trades of the metropolis was held at the Bell Inn, Old Bailey, to receive the report of the committee which was appointed to draw up a statement in reference to the depressed state of trade among the working classes of the metropolis. Mr. Edwards having been ca'led to the chair, read the report of the committee, the purport of which was that there were about two hundred thousand artisans and mechanics in the metro polis ; that one-third of them were employed, but that one-half ot the number had not remu nerating wages ; that another third were only occasionally employed, the greater portion of them subsisting by disposing of their furniture ' and wearing apparel, for the support of them I selves and their jamdies ; and that the remain I ing third were entirely dependent upon paro chial relief. The report stated that the country was approaching a crisis which would lead to ' an overthrow of the established system, if no : legislative measures were adopted to avoid 1 such an alternative, as the condition of the , working classes had nearly arrived to that ' point that it could be no longer endured. The I report was unanimously agreed to, and the I meeting separated.-Ibid. EXTRAORDINARY TREE.-A German paper says :-*' Du ing a late heavy storm a portion of the far-famed lime-tree at Neastadt, in VVur temburg. was blown down by the wind which prevailed. This tree, which was planted more than 500 years ago, is 36 feet in circumference at the base, and the twelve main branches of this gigantic trunk were as thick as oak-trees, being more than six feet in circumference. These twelve branches, thickly covered with foliage, formed a circumference of 450 feet, and rested npon 115 props which since the year 1554: were for the most part set up by noble men, bishops, and other persons of distinction. The trunk of this once majestic tree is now standing a mournful wreck of its ancient ; beauty."-Galignani. J THE CORRESPONDENTS* COLUMNS IN THE PENNT PBBXODIC#XS.-One of the most curious features in these periodicals is, that they profess to give ad vice and instruction to their individual readers Upon almost every »ubject. Their ability tu do so ls often tested. From one to four columns are devoted weekly to resolving tbe difficulties a id sharing the confidence of their readers. It cer tainly exhibits a strange lack of trustworthy au thorities aud instructors to whom the artisan or peasant might apply for advice and aid, ic bis neighbour boo J, that lie should be forced to apply and trust to an uuknown and irresponsible per sonage who stands behind the London Journal or the Family Herald for the solution of his ditfi CU ties. These questions are about almost every conceivable subject ; but we notice that a goodly number of those which are addressed to the Lon. don Journal have reference to the studies or toe read.og of the applicants. It would, of course, be too roach to expect tnat the conductors ot such periodicals should be able to give sound advice j «nd exact informât ion, from tne best mode of holding a pen up to the subtleties of German ? grammar ; but the mischief is, that they consider tnemselves, according to the terms of their self imposed tabk, bounl to give an answer, whether it be right or wrong. A ladictoua instance of the soundness ot ttie Information thus conveyed lies i now under our eye. R.S.P. writes to kuov how j to pronounce tiöihe. After cn unintelligible flou. > risa about dipt hongs, silent letters, and muta a», j pirates, the editor thus concludes :-M We may safely say. without the chance of leading yon into an error, that Gölhe is pronounced Goutier." The Family Herald is a purely domestic magasine, and is also decidedly the least offensive of its class. The editor states that he receives a hun. dred letters daily from his numerous correspond ents. The great majority of these are from young females, who make him the depository of their secrets, and ask his advice in their love affairs. To these he offers such advice as he thinks proper, which can hardly ever be sound, because he can never learn all the circumstances, even supposing that he had enough of judgment to pronounce correctly if he could. The questions, too, are often sufficient to puzzle the profound. One lady requires to be informed " What the higher qua lities of art are?" a second wishes to know " What the sin against the Holy Ghost ia, which Scripture says is unpardonable f " a third " Wants a husband !" a fourth is burning to appear upon the stage; another is parted from her husband, I and is desirous of being told whether, Under given circumstances, she ought to be reconciled to him ? One young fema'e is recommended by the orarle " to pout a little, and make her lover uneasy another is coui.selled to stand upon her dignity, and is emphatically reminded " never to forget ! that mystery is the spell of love !" The mischief that this sort of " editorial direction" may make in many families must be amply evident.-Daily Netcs* 