CAMDEN. SWEET scents and verdant prospects greet us at every step. We repose in sheltered veran- dahs inhaling the smell of orange flowers-it is the bridal of nature, who from her treasury of fruits and blossoms, scatters her wedding favours with the hand of happy profusion. Wherever we turn, loveliness delights the eye ; and the changes are only from positive to com parative and superlative. In sober plainness, we have never experienced a more wondeiful change from gloomy to cheerful ; and at pre- sent we can enjoy all this enchantment, for the mosquitos and other sting insects, usually very troublesome at this time of the year, have not yet paid us their visitation ; but we must not boast, for doubtless come they will, to remind us that there is no perfect happiness in this world. The ladies appear to be of this opinion at any rate, for we see them cheapening gauzes and other light fabrics for curtaining their pillows, and warding off those flying pests, whose villanous whining is almost as fatal to slumber as their sting. As might be supposed, the maize continues to thrive, and so do the weeds-and very lazy farmers let them both grow together, and "chance it" as the phrase is; more careful ones endeavour to keep the weeds down, if not altogether, at least from the corn-hills, and verily to all appearance these have their re- ward. On the hills between this and Camp- belltown, we perceive that some of the settlers are actually sowing oats for hay, aye, and get- ting in the seed in real agricultural style too. Tobacco has never, we think, been cultivated in this part of the country ; some of the rich bottoms near this village appear to us admi- rably adapted for it-at any rate they produce " fat-hen' in great profusion, and that is a good criterion ; it is, however, a poor compli- ment to the idle farmers who do not half cul- tivate these highly fertile lands. The early fruit is now nearly gone, it has been beautiful to the eye, but having been forced into a state of unnatural plumpness very suddenly by the rains, it has little or no flavour. Some of the peaches and nectarines from Camden and Wivenhoe gardens were very rosey and tempting ; peaches were selling in the village for 2d. per dozen; grapes at 2d. per pound. The flying foxes' (a kind of bat as large as a hen) have made great havoc among the oaily peaches-the second crop will soon come in, but it will be a scanty one. The weather has been just such as farmers wish for-nothing could be more calculated to foster the growth of vegetables, and we may add nothing could be more salubiious; we have had no hot weather during the last week, and every day a pleasant breeze, with now and then a small shower ; murmuring thunder high overhead in the morning, and two days, Friday and Saturday (28th and 29th) decidedly cold, wind east. Our new clergyman has arrived, it is to be hoped that'We shall now have Divine Service, according to the forms of the Church of Eng- land, in the village of Camden itself, instead of its environs. Here are the walls of as noble a church as man in the colonies could be expected to rear ; and this all done, as far as individual exertions have gone, by one fa- mily. Can the inhabitants for very shame, now suffer it to remain unfinished Time will tell. It is completed all to the pulpit and seats and chancel fittings. NEW CHURCH AT ENFIELD.-The founda- tion stone of a church at Enfield, near the Punch Bowl Road, was laid on Tuesday last. About eleven o'clock the Bishop of Sydney arrived on the ground, and was met at the en- trance by the Rev. Messrs. Wilkinson, Vin- cent, Bobart, and Cameron, and Messrs. Nor- ton and Thomas Hyndes, who preceded him to the spot chosen for the erection of the church -seventy children attending the Adelaide Park Free School forming an avenue. Mr. Thomas Hyndes then presented the Bishop with a conveyance of two acres of land, which he gave as a site for the church and burial ground. The 132nd Psalm was then repeated, and the third chapter of the First Epistle to the Corinthians was then read ; and after a collect the foundation stone was laid by the Bishop, who said,-" I lay this as the founda- tion and corner stone of a church, to be built in this place, to be named the Church of St. Thomas, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic Faith, which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The Apostles' Creed and the prayers appointed to be used on such occasions were then proceeded with, and the ceremony was concluded. In consequence of an unexpected death in the family of one of his domestics, the Bishop had to return to Sydney immediately ; but the clergymen and several others of those present went to Adelaide Cottage, Mr. Hyndes' resi- dence, and dined ; the children being brought up to the house, where they each received some cakes from Mrs. Hyndes, with which they re- turned to the school. The cost of the church will be about £1200, of which about one-half has been subscribed. Mr. Hyndes, in addition to the land, gives £200 ; Mrs. Hydnes, £20 ; Mr. Norton, £170 ; Mr. Wilkinson, £30 ; the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, £30, &c.; The school- house and master's resi- dence, which adjoins the church land, was built by Mr. Hyndes, and opened on the 1st of February, 1847. It is attended by seventy children, who are educated gratuitously, the expense being borne by the same gentleman. BEDLAM PUNT.-This public instrument transit, the only one by which the Parramatta River can be crossed from the entrance of Lane Cove to the bridge at the town of Parramatta, a distance by road of about twenty miles, has often attracted our attention, but we suppose we have not (as indeed we have not hiitherto had occasion) been sufficiently serious on the subject of its defects and irregularities. It was delivered over to the now lessee on the 1st Ja nuary, in as good order and condition as it has been for some years, (which is not saying much), and since that date until Wednesday, the 2nd instant, has performed duty in a tole- rable manner, that is, without accident, so far as we have learned. We regret, however, now to announce, that on Thursday morning, a va- ' luable mare and a cart loaded with fruit were precipitated into the river, and the animal drowned. The only particulars of the casualty requiring to be recorded are, that there were two fruit carts in the punt, and in attempting to land one of them the horse shyed and backed upon the mare, which again drove back her cart against the chain, and this, being too weak to sustain the load, broke. The mare hung for some time with the load attached, but in the darkness and confusion the knife which was used for cutting the harness, was dropped, and could not be found, and before a rope could be got from the punt-house, the mare was drowned. There cannot be a doubt that had there been a proper landing place, there would have been no difficulty in getting the horse ashore, and that had the chain been suffi- cient, no loss would have happened. We have several times adverted to the shameful state of the pier on the north side for landing boat passengers. A proper landing place, such as is required for carriages and horses might be so constructed as to answer the other purpose also. 