Police Sketches. POLICE GENERALITIES.--The usual number of interesting squabbles, domestic bickerings, and neighbourly rows, have attracted the notice of the Bench during the week; but the record of these frailties we suppress in our present num- ber, in deference to the superior merits of our particular pet, A 58, "one of the force," whose eulogy has been written in "good set rhyme" by "our own Poet." A 58. IN Miles' Brigade Is a lively old blade, A man of great larning and infinite state; Arrah sure you did never see, No! nor will ever see A thief-catching hero like A 58: So tall and so stately, And togged out so nately, With a strut like a turkey, a frown like a Turk, With his swate little cane And his white gloves so clane, Och! a gentleman trap, sirs, is Johnny O'Rourke. Oh when down in Derry, Young Johnny so merry Had kissed all the darlints and bate all the boys, As a soger he listed, A musket he fisted, And went off to Indy to lead the Sepoys: Oh there 'mongst the nigger men Jack with his trigger then Scathered death and dismay, and made such hot work; By the powers such a slasher And terrible smasher Ne'er blazed in the battle as Johnny O'Rourke. Johnny grew an old stager And rose to drum-major, And did'nt he drum it without any flam, When he flourished his stick And marched away quick Oh greater he looked than the great Rajah Ram: Such an air--such a grace-- Such a dignified pace-- By the poker, with Johnny the drill did its work; There was'nt a bend in him, From end to end in him, Oh a wonderful stiff 'un was Johnny O'Rourke. As Johnny grey headed grew His courage waxed colder too, And soon from the army he thought of retiring; He was weary of drumming And humming and strumming, And the Seiks and Sepoys, and fighting and firing: The climate so warm He found did him harm, A complaint in his liver was also at work; Being touched in the kidney He came on to Sydney And joined the police force did Johnny O'Rourke. 'Twas a fortunate minute When he first went in it For the peace of the city; 'twas destined by fate; As he walked up and down With his terrible frown, The dogs dare not bark e'en at A 58. If a word you too jolly drop Or sell a lolly pop Twenty bob and costs you'll soon out have to fork: Oh sure Jacky Wearin You had your luck rare in When first you picked up Mr. Johnny O'Rourke. But the publicans most Johnny watched like a ghost, All the houses were orderly shure on his bate; If they didn't tip him Old Johnny would grip em, For he knew what was what well, did A 58: By hiding in door-ways, By bribing and more ways, By spying and peeping, and such dirty work. Either jug or decanter He'd seize on instanter If out on a Sunday, would Johnny O'Rourke. And then at the office If any young novice By misfortune should chance keep his hat on his pate, Soon John would discover him, Make him uncover him, For a man of great breeding was A 58: And then as a witness, For parts and for fitness, There was't his equal from Dublin to Cork: To any bad actor He'd give a karacter That would teach him the power of Mister O'Rourke. But man is but man, And do what we can We all have our failings in this mortal state; Each dreams on his pillow Of some peccadillo. Then why should we grumble at A 58? It is very well known What is bred in the bone In the flesh it is said will assuredly lurk; And though he's grown grey I must certainly say A petticoat weakness had Johnny O'Rourke. He could not resist The desire to be kissed; A nately turned ankle enchanted him quite, And while out on duty He saw such a beauty It set him a-longing by day and by night: His heart was like tinder, Her glance was a cinder That singed him and made him feel wild as a Turk, But when she came dodging About his own lodging 'Twas plain, 'twas a case with poor Johnny O'Rourke. One day having caught her He closely besought her For a kiss;--She refused him--and threatened to shout: He kissed and he hugged her And swore as he smugged her If she'd not give him leave, he'd take it without. The lady screamed murther, He thought she said further, Whipped her up in his arms then as light as a cork; By Jasus in vain dear Yer lungs you may strain dear, For I've conquered and captured, said Johnny O'Rourke. Alas for the fact He was caughf in the act, Her husband he vented his rage on his pate; Pitched him into the street, Johnny beat a retreat-- 'Twas the last of the love scenes of A 58. Little boys and girls laugh now At him and his staff now, While he fumes and rages and swears like a Turk; But he struts away still For do what they will It won't take the conceit out of Johnny O'Rourke. KISSING GOES BY FAVOR.--Bridget Donelly, a sickly-looking girl of all work, appeared at the instigation of her master, Mr. A. B. Met- calfe, the Custom- house agent, to answer sundry charges of inebriety, impertinence, outrage, and so on. The prosecutor, was accommodated with a seat on the bench, and when called on to give his evidence was not required to pass round to the usual box for witnesses. It may not strictly come within our province to question the magistracy upon points of this nature, but the public of New South Wales are unusually quick in their conclusions, and generally prone to malign thc intentions of their judicial pastors and masters, For our part we disapprove of distinctions between rich and poor: it becomes in the eye of the world akin to partiality and injustice, and if encouraged, rapidly glides on to oppression and tyranny. Lord Denman recently held that a Court was improperly constructed where a Magistrate interested in the proceedings had spoken to one of the adjudicating Justices during the hearing, although it was not proved that the conversation had reference to the sub- ject matter then under consideration. His Lordship made some strong remarks on the subject, and directed the proceedings of the Justices at Quarter Sessions to be quashed; the whole Court concurring. But without such di- rect authority emanating from so high a quarter, the presence of an interested non-administrator must cramp freedom of discussion where differ- ence of opinion exists: it shackles the free agency of the petty Judge, and is in every way objectionable. Of the merits of the case little need be said: defendant had become flushed with wine, & gave vent to her excitability through her oral organ. A constable was sent for, and this official entered the house and retired with his charge. Mr. Nichols urged that the trap had exceeded his duty by taking defendant into custody, and that his client was consequently improperly before the Court. Their worships were of the same view, and Miss Donelly was liberated instanter. 