BATHER TOO MUCH OF A BE^EFtT., 'From Dovaals Jerrold's Shilling Magazine.) Actors' benefits are proverbially no benefits. There is generally mora money lost than gained by them. Criurdi, a tenor of. some ropute :in 181J1 jLt Her Maipatv'H Theatre, was asked what sort of a benefit be had had? 'Oh! capital. \ I only lose dirty pound dis yeur. Hobo vorty , de last, so I guin den pound dis benefit.' ' iV-w» , che tnali ! ' . But of all the benefits none ever i surpassed tho one which Williams, of Edinburgh, | was advised to take. He is knewu to this day as Benefit Williams. ! The poor feUow, like most actors, was full of . ambition. Ho was confident ho only wanted a j chance to be a second Kemble. He had long been perforating tho subordinate characters in j genteel comedy. His greatest parts bad rarely exceeded three or four lines. He was tho ' Charles ' in all tho farces, or the ' Froderiok, his friend,'1 who has to sUnd with tho hat uuder his arm, and laugh at the facetious jokes of Scampington, or Alfred Melville, or Sir Laven der Dash well, or whoever the rattling young fellow of the piece may bo ; who has to ruu up ladders and jump through windows, and hido in cupboards, and make such an amusing black guard of himself before he can press to his bnd bosom the 'girl of his heart,' or succeed , in answering that very funny question, 'Did ' .you ever seud your wife to Camberwcll ? ' j Williams was tirod of continually saying ' Yes' i and 'No' to tho rattle of 'his friend,' and though ho had often tried to make a point of, tho simple words, ' You don 't say so,' which was the longest line he bad ever had to dollver, still, let him make that reply facetious, or scep ticul, or humorous, despairing, wild, playful, or indignant, or even, by dint of long study, succeed in conveying, a little of all those emo tions in the samo tune, he never could got tha smallest applause, and had novor been called before tho curtain onco since bis name bad been Winkins, though in tho playbills it was always printed Williams. At last he earned, or begged, or borrowed, as much as .£30. It would bo sufficient to pay for the expenses of the houso for 'one night, so he would have a benefit.' Ilo would play Charles Surface 'by express desire,' of course. He was confident, if ha played it on|y once, that he should make such a sensation that he would have tb play it through tbe season, and that managers would be rushing from London purpost ly to see him in ' the same, scene.' However he had made up his mind to give tUe preference to Macready, if ho liked to give him £20 a week. Everything was arranged, and the walls were blushing -every where with the mighty namo of 'Williams!' He was pleased, as he strolled about and saw so many reminiscences in r«;d and blue ink of himself, and stopped every moment to admire the huge advertising carts which were airing his name up and down High street, though he was rather mortified to hear certain high-bred people inquire, now and tben, 'Who is this Williams?' and his proud Up would curl in the most kingly derision, as ho overheard some fine-dressed gentleman display his' ignorance by asking, in the most contemp tuous' manner, 'What is he?' Williams'* heart was swelling with the proud consciousness of genius, aud hp took no notice of these ol't repeated insults, further than to answer them to himself with the following conSolinir causti oism :— ' -Wuit, my fine tellows, till to-morrow morning's papers and you shall soon know who is thu Williams ? ' The poor actor was big with -the tremendous ascent ho intended that night to make in his career, and his heart was so inflated with hopo, vanity, and fear, that it kept rising and falling in his breast like a Nassau balloon, panting to rise and to carry its owner to a greater height than bad ever been attained by an actor before. Ho was doubtful, lib wev'orv about his dress. His blue coat, revived for this occasion, was all right/ and ho had not the smallest fear about the brass buttons, for they had been brightened by himself with soap and water to a state of tho most dazzling brilliancy. He was perfectly easy too about' his waistcoat, which had been sont home that very morning from the wash, as white as Richurdson's ghost. His hat, also, was a bran new one; and his trousers, a light cannry kerseymere, fitted tighter than Charles Mat thews'. Everything, so fur, was perfect ; und ho was confident of their joint effect when, ho should suddenly appear at the footlights, uftoi' the regulur, old-established, hopskipajurap and-a,-run. entrance, with which ull walking gentleman burst upon the audience, naif they intended to loup over the orchestra into the p-t.' But he experienced a shooting pain when he came to his boots. Ho did not feel as strong' in them as he could wish. They wrro at loast eighteen months old; they had boen patched more than once; the left boot wa3 ventilated at the side, and moreover, tho pair wero odd ones, — particularly so, for one had a very narrow toe, and tho other was as broad in proportion a i tbe boot of a stage-coach. Where could he get a new pair ? He had spent all his money in bills, a pair of white kid gloves, advertisement, and bouquets to be thrown to him after tho per formance, — and who, in cautious Edinburgh, would be foolish enough to givo credit to an; actor? Ah! ho recollected that in tho next: street there lived a scene-painter of tho name of Gordon — a fine, liberal, good-hearted fellow/ who had borrowed five shillings of him only the last ' Treasury Day.' Ho would be suro to. oblige him, and he could not well say he bad not a pair, for Williams recollected he had admired a beautiful pair of polished leather; boots that Gordon had worn for tho first' titnc,l when they dined together two Sundays ago. The favour was first tried on, and then the boots; and thoy both went so easily— with such littlu pulling— that Williams could not thank his friend sufficiently. He walked off with the boots, in order to Btrotch them for the evening, Gordon accompanying him. Williams was quito proud of his now ehausture,' and kept hitting his huvU upon the pavement, and began diluting within himself whether it would be etiquutto to perform Charles Surface in spurs ! — Egad! it would bo a now roading, and would attract attention to his boautiful boots. Blinded with tho glare of this question,; -ho put his foot into a largo puddle. ' Oh, ' my-.doar follow, take care, cried Gordon, 'you'll bo spoiling my boots !' ' Well, you nocdn 't tell ovorybody,' romon stratod Williams, ' that, they, are your boots ! ' ' Yes, that's very well ; liut I don 't, exactly, like seeing my .boots spoilt.' ? ' There again, you need not bawl out ' wiy boots' in that public manner. I dan 't want every ono to know I 'in wearing another porson'b boots.' ' ? ; - 'Still, my dear fellow, I wish you' would recollect they are tity boots, and would take a little, more euro with thorn.' ' Here the conversation stopped, when, after a few: more steps, Gordon crled.out to his. com- panion, ' I say, Williams, don't tread so muoh upoh tho side— you will certainly split both of my, boots.' ....'? ???;???? ,', I wish, as a favour, you would not say my boots 1 you don't ; know how that lady . stared, whin she heard you! 'w ? ? '? ,,? ? W But come, I ask you, -Williams, if, aftor lond in 1 you my boots, as I liuvo dono, it's pleasant to ioo thorn ruined under, my very noso, as you am doing- V! ? ? = J . . ? ? ' , \- There, that '? enough,' exclaimed the poor aqtbr, who seemed lo be .walking in great agony ; an.c tho subjoct dropped again. ' , t'j'hoy had bnen calculating how much the hcji se. would hold, when. a watering-cart oumo near, Iho pavement,' and took all tne polish off Waiiunu's loft boot. . 1'TOn my word, it is too bad !' ejaculated Gordon, loud enough for portions on thoCalton Hill to bear him, thoro's another of my boots I gouo—iny right , boot is all covered, with mud, 1 uiifl now thb left ono is wet through — and .It.'a suMp to crack., I 'm suro, if tho boots wero your owjn you would not ubo thorn bo carctoBsly.' . . I I'1 But, my dear fellow, did you imnginu, when you lont them, that I was going to , woar tht'lB on my hands, liko a pair of gloves ? ' ': ' 1 didn't iinagino any such d ? d ridioulom thing ! ' answered Gordon, getting quite angry 'and allow mo to say, sir, 1 think a gontlemav ' need not bo so very sensitive when he is wear ing another person's boots ? ' . . , . 1! ?..-! ?' Come, Gordon, why wijlyou,bo,sq prpvqk, ing,? I 'm half afraid you do it on purpose WT-y will yoii keep soroumlng -?ut *.wy bo.ots mM'bbbtsl% at evory. corner ? ? Do you want al' .Edinburgh to know you havo lont mo a pair ? ' I . ?' I nball scream ont ' mi bontn/ sir, tin niuch a1 I, pleape,ffpfrs tho bWijw ;»Mi, and.if : J (lent d\em toyou,!X.di4,ii?^ead. them to bo ,w,(lfuljy ipoilu .I/know -what .it .will be; whon you return mo -?»y boots, I , shan't be able. to ; wear them.' ? Poor Williams wns in a terrible passion, for a jmall crowd had collected round them, aud ho n-as afraid whou he camo on as CUavlet S\\\rfac*t that some juvouile God in the Gallery mi^'lit ask him, «' Who stretched another man » bootp ? ' tie listened composedly to his friend's grumbling, till at last he broke out;— ... , . --..'? ; ' Here, Gordon, I have had enough of your boots. I would sooner walk bare-footed than allow tho best man in the world to throw his hoots in my face as you have been doing for the last half-hour. You may have your bot-ts back again, I 'in very sorry I ever put my feet into them ; ' und he walked back to Gordon's rooms, being reminded at every inch of the way, ' that ho noedn't stamp so much,' or 'forget, as a gentleman, what was duo to a pair of boots which were pot his own.' Tho boots and the friend had been thrown off together, very warmly, and Williams was : com ing out with his foot reinstated in their own rights, (his boots, 1 have said, were odd ones) when ho met Green, ? a fellow-member of a Theatrical Club, whero Kings, and Lords, and Julius Ca»ars, and First und Second Rojiburs retiro, lifter the performances, to smoke their pipes, and compliment, or abuse, ono another upon their respective talents. Williams was writhing under tho pressure of Gordon's boots, and told Green that 'ho had never been so trodden upon before in all his life.' -. ' 1 would much sooner , perform,' J10 ox claimed, theatrically, ' with uothing on my bare feet than thu original sock and buskin .which v.ero worn in tho earliest steps. of the Drama, than allow a. heavy-built fellow liko Gordon to walk, over mo agiiin, as publicly as he has done to-dajr.' '..-. ' ? ?'?'.' Green was tho most good.-natured ; fellow in tho world 1 ho was proud of .associating with actors, and was only too happy to render them any littlo service ho could, lie had ' lots of boots' nt homo, and begged Willinros would come «nd choose a pair for, himself. ' You may walk in thorn w.hure and how you please,' ho auid, in tho kindest manner, to Williams, who was busy pulling on a new pair; 'yoii won't hoar me complaining liko that surly : fellow, Gordon.' , .,.!.;,.,. i The two friends sauntered gaily, through the town, Williams bounding .so lightly that Jie seemed to bo walking - on India-rubber, 'and. Green laughiug uioro than all Scotland laughs on tho most festive occasion, quite happy in the luxurious feeling which .good- natured people eninv in rnnforrintr a I'avtiiir. .Williams was nil of thanks. ' 1 cannot toll you how much -lain indebted to you, Green ; you aro a roal friend— you can do a kindness, I, see^ without ; reminding the person of it every minuto iu. the, most humi liating manner.' --. ' What ! I ? .Oh, I'm much happier in con ferring a favour,', stammered Green, 'than in receiving one. You can walk as you liko, Williams; don't be, afraid of tho puddles. Don't you be alarmed because they aro my. boots.. Cumo, let me see you walk across tho street ; go where tho mud is the thickest; I shan't tnind.it a bit — not I ! But I cun tell you, my dear fellow, you look uncommonly well in my boots;' '; '.For pity's sake, my dear Green, don't say ' my boots.' ' . ? . ' ' ''.Don't you bo frightened — loave me alone— I only mentioned that to convince you that lam not like, thut stingy follow, Gordon. -' Oh/ you can do as you like in my boots; walk .over' flint atones, if you prefer them. ?When I lend a pair, of boots, 1 lend them for j;ood— unconditionally.' 'I'm awnro of that/' .interposed ;;Williams,' trembling from hend to foot, each time tho simple-minded Green touched upon ump\ boots,' ' but as a kindness— ' '.??', ' . :.'.j. :..'':; : 'I, tell you it's no kindness,' interrupted his ingenuous companion ;' I can assuro you, my dear Williams, I lend them. to you .with tho greatest pleasure in tho world— heyor mind that gutter— and though they aro my boots, I beg you will consider, as long as thoy arc on your feet, thnt Ihnv nrn vniirc ' nntl nnt nilrin ** i :.- is , ' But; Green,' my boy, Tddn't'suy 'liny, books' evory second. . There's no necessity to say '»iy boots' at all. You don't know how it hurts mo j ' Well, jthero, that *s enough ;' I'ni'sure I did not moan to hurt you, and won't say f my boots' again.'! ' ','*/', ','».' ?'?'' ?!'?'.'?' ?' -?''..'.' ??'-.'.:( ' Butryou'ni'o saying it again-1-;',' . ' Welf, I don't mean it,'ttnd'Ia'p«llgiso most cincerely if 1' have^eyer said 'my, boots. ,!J,.- .. ,' There you are, 'crying it',out-buce,.mbrb ; pray soreum it out at the top ^of 'your, voice. ' Willliams was red in the face, and hisi right leg made a coiivulsivo movement 'upwarfls ns if his boot was searching forsomo particular, spot on which to rest its agitated point. 'Are you determined, Green, to insult mo, by letting ov.cry paiiser-by know, the secret of our respective footing?' 'No, my dear L Williams, nothing can be further from my thoughts. I only' wish that you should feel I am not like that Gordon, who kept alluding to his boots, as if you wero honoured in wearing them ;' (the indignant ' log rose a dcgj'eu higher.) *^Nbw, I 'm suro I 'vo lent you my boots with tho best impulso in the world — ' Never did words suit tho action bettor, for Williums's log rose till it had attained a certain altitudo level with Green's coat-tail pockets, and tho poor unconscious fellow was helped forward by the ' very best impulso in tbo wot Id' that ono man over received from the aggressivo too of another. ' It 's a hard thing,' a sage philosophor has remarked, ' to bo kicked at any timo ;' how much harder then must it not bo when tho kick is inflicted with your own boot ? Good-natured Green felt tho soverity of the blow; tho heavy ingralitudo of it completely prostrated him, for ho fell back upon the pave ment as though tho iron of tho heel had entered his very soul. As soon as ho had recovered his equilibrium, he appealed to tho circlo which had doscribed itself round them to witness Williains's astounding lent of strength, and asked them, as mon, most pathetically, ' Whether it was manly, or generous— was it thu act oi a gentleman — to borrow a pair, of boots and thon kick with them the very person who hud lpnt them ? Such a return, in his opinion, left all other acts of ingratitude fur behind it.' This was oiiougli (or Williams, who returned to tho ' impulsive' clmi-ge more furious then ever, until Green forgot his good nature in. tho pain bo was endu ring, and gavo him into custody. Tho bffenco was considered to bo so savago, that the oonstablo would not tukq bail. Tho cousvqnonco was, that Williams was lockod up all night, and thcro was no Charles- Sw/ace in ~ tho ' evening. All the money which was taken at tho doors had to bo returned, and poor Williams not only lout tho 4'30 he had paid for tho use' of tbo house, but had to refund, bolides, all tho money ho had received (mostly from creditors who had taken out their, bills ip pita and boxes) for the tickets ho had previously disposed of. - Ho was fined into, tho Lurgin fur tbo assault; wus tho laughing-stock of the gallery for weeks afterwards; and has nevor risen higher In his profession than a ' Genius ol Discord' in a pantomime, or a Third Conspira tor in an opera. 'He consoles himself, however, with tho pleasant conviction, which his friendd rather, encourage than disturb, that ho iu the best ' Charles, liia friond,' on the British Stage, Never since benefits were first established lot tKo gnin of munagers and tho loss of actors, was (hero known to bo suoh an awful benefit ;bj that of poor Benefit Williams ! ? ' Homqc M*tpEw. 