DOM BE V AND SON.— No. IS. (By Charles Dickens.) Continued fmm yrs'erdny's " 1'a'riul,") Of rnlliniron and no, always postpon ing thnu-rlit, -nd always im k.-d tvilli thinking ; ot being unable to reckon op the hours lie lind bi-on upon llin -od, or to coinpr- liend the points of limp and p'urp in bis jnurnpv Of bt- in-y parched and si'idy. and li.df mad. Of prpsslnp- 1 on, in spits of all. as if hp pould noi sion and coming into Pa. is, tvlipit- tbe turbid river held PS swift <: aiisn u-dislurbcd bi-tv-cen two brawling streams ol lile and moiion. A troubled vision, then, of bridges, quays, into mediate str-eis; o( tvine shops, svaier-enrners. eie-tt crowds of people soldiers, coaches, militarv drums iirc-<ies. ttt iliu nionotnnv ol bells and wheels and horses' leet being at lenstb lost in the unit-cisal din and upro.r. Of the gradual subsidence of that noise as he passed out in another cairiaee, by n a differeu.- ba riorl rom that by which' he had entered. O'tlie r-storation, a- he travelled on towards the sea-r -asi, of tlie monotnnv "f bells, and wheels, and horses' leet, and no rest. Of sunset on,-ei>giiin, and nipf-lfa!' Of long roai.s again,. and. dear) of nffi-ht and feeble lights in windows by I he ro t" side ; and still f e <-1 1 nioni touv ol beiis nn»l wheels, and Iioi-sps' fe-i and no rest. Of dawn, and daybreak, a-il the ri-inj of the sun. Of loi ing <lowlv up a hi'), »nd feeliny on its top the fiesh sea- breeze ; and seeing tlie morniiiy hUr|,, uion 'lie edges of the dist, at w.ivps. Oi c -ming do» n into a harbour when the tide wa at its full, and seeing fishing Imals float in, and glad women nn-l children waiting for litem. Of net mid seamen's c-l.-th- s spread ou- to dry upon the shoie: ol buv « tilois, ,v d tneir voices high amoni ships' mas s and rig ging ; of the bouvancy ,md h ighi- ess of tile water, and the univeisal sp.u klin-y. Of receding f-om the rous . and look ing bark upon ii from tlu- neck ivh- n it was n haze upon the water, with here and iliere a little opening nt - right land where U-e Mm strurk. OITlie swell.and flash, and murmur o the ea rn sea. Of another giev line on the oca in. nn the vessel s track, fast growing ch-arer and higher. Of cliffs and build ngs, ana a windmill, and a chinch, becoming more a-id more vi-ible upon it Of steamim- ' on hi last into smooib water, and moor j i"g a pier whence e roups of peo le look- s.. uu»ii, greeu-g iiienitson Ooard. Of di-em bark ing, pa-sing uttiong them quickly, shunning ev,-ry one ; and of being at last again in England. He had thought, in his dream, of go ing down into a remote country place he knew, and lying qiret there, while he secretly informed hims lf of what transpired, and determined how to act. Still in the same stunned .tradition, lie remembered a cer-ain station nn'the railway, wher he would have. t-i branch off to bis place of destination, and where there was a quiet inn. Here, he distinctly resolved to tarry au-1 rest. With this purpose he slunk into a ! railway carriage as quickly as he could, 1 and lying there wrapped in his cl ak as ! if he were asleep, was soon home far away from the s- a, and deep into the inland green. Arrived at his destina tion he looked out, and survey, d u careful y. He was not mistaken iu his impressions of the place. It was a re tired spot, on the borders of a little -wood. Only one house, newly bui It or altered for the purpose, stood there, sur rounded by its iient garden; the small, town that was nearest, was some milc- »way. Here be alighted then : .i„d going straight into the tavern, uno!.- , served by any one, secured two oums up-stairs, communicating with ach other, and sufficiently retried. | His object was, to ic»t, aotl recover the command of himself, and the ha- i lance of his mind. Imbecile discomfi- ' tore and rage— so that, as he walked i about his room, he ground his teeth — I had complete possession of hint. Mis' thoughts, not to be stopped or directed, 1 still wandered where they would, ant! dragged him after them. He was1 sttipitied and he was wearied to - death. Bat, as if there were a curse upon him ' that he should never rest again, his drowsy senses would not lose their con- sciousuess. lie had no more influence with tbem, in this regard, than it he had been another man's. It «as not that they forced him to take note of present sounds and objects, hut that they would not be diverted from the . whole hurried vision of his jour ney. It was constantly before him all ' at once. She stood there, with her dark ; disdainful eyes again upon him ; and he i was riding on nevertheless, through town and country, light and darkness, wet weather and dry, over road and pavement, hill and valley, height and hollow, jaded and scared by the mo- nolouy of bells, and wheels, and horses' fett, and not test. ' What day is this?' he asked of the , waiti r, who was making preparations for his dinner. Day, Sir ? ' Is it Wednesday ? ' - Wednesday, Sir ; No, Sir. Thurs day, Sir.' I forgot. Hnw goes the lime? My watch is unwound ' ! « Wants a few minutes to five o'clock, \ Sir. Been travelling a long time, Sir, : perhaps ? ' j « Yes.' 'By rail, Sir? ' I ' Yes.' I ' Very cunfusiog, Sir. Not much in % the habit of travelling by rail myself, Sir, hut geutlemcn frequently say so." ' Do many gentlemen come he-e? ' ; ' Pretty well, Sir, in general. Nobody ; here at present. Rather slack just now, | Sir. Every thing is slack, Sir.' | He made no answer ; but had risen I into a siltiuc posture on the sofa where I lit; hail been lying, and leaned forwa-d, with nn arm on each knee, staring at the ground. He con'd not master his own attention for a minute together. It rushed away where it would, hut it never, for an instant, lost it.elf in sleep. lie drank a quantity of wine after dinner, in vain. No such atrificial means ivoul bring >ecp to bis eyes. His thoughts, more incoherent, dragged him more unmercifully after them— as I if a wretch, condemned to such expi i- | lion, were drawn at the heels of wild i?u uuiiviuii, ami 1111 it's . How long he sat, di inking an 1 brood ing, and being dragged in imagination hither and thither, no one could have told less correctly than he. But he knew that he had been sittinc a long time hy candle- light, when he started up and listened, in a sudden terror. For now, indeed, it was no fane v. The ground shook, the house raided. .'the fierce impetuous rush was in the air ! He fell it come up, and go dart ing by; nod even when he had hurried ; to the window, and saw what it was, he stood, shrinking from it, as if it were not safe to look. A curse tipou the fiery devil, thunder ing a!c-ig so smoothly, t-ack(d through the distant valley bv a glare oT light and lurid smoke, aud gone ! He fi ll as if he had been plucked out of his path, and saved from being torn asunder, it , made him shrink and shudder even now when its faintest hum was hushed, an 1 when the lines of iron road he could trace in the moonlight, running to i point, wore as empty and as silent as .< de-ert. Unable to rest, and irresistibly at tracted — i r he thought so — to this road, he went out, and lounged on t he 'oiuk of it, marking the way the train had gone, by the yet smoking cinders that were lying in its track. After a lounge of some half-hour in the direction by ! which it ha ! disappeared, lie lurried and walked the other wny — still keeping to the brink of the road — past the inn garden, and along way down ; looking curiously at the bridges, signals, lamps, a d wondering when another Devil would come by. A tremliliiio of the rround. and nnirl- j O O 1 vibra-ion in his ears; a distant shriek : ' a dull light advancing, quickly changed to two red eyes, and a tierce fire, drop- ; ping glowing coals ; an irtesistible bearing on of a great roaring and dilat ing mass ; a high wind, and a raille — another come and gone, and he holding \- tea gate, as if to save himself! He waited for another, and for -in- other. He walked back to his former point, and back again to that, and still, through the wearisome vision of his . journey, looked for these approaching : monsters. He loitered about tl-e station. | watting until one should stay to call I there ; and when one did, and was de- i tached for water, he stood paral el with ! it, watching its heavy wheels and brsren j front, and thinking what a cruel rawer j and might it had. Ugh ! To s.e the \- greet wheels slowly turning, and to think of being run down and crushed ! Disordered with wine and want of rest — that w rat which nothing, although he was so weary, would appease — these ideas and obje: is assum d a diseased im portance in his thoughts. When he went back to his riMim, which was not until near midnight, tbey still haunted him, and he sal lisleuing lor the com ing of anoriier. So iu his bed. whither he repaired with no hope of slerp. He slid lay listening; and when he felt the trem bling and vibration, got up and went to the window, to watch (as he could from its position) the dull lihl changing to . the two red eyes, atid the fierce fire dropping glowing coals, and the rush of I the giant ns it fled past, and the track ' 1 of glare and smoke along the valley. Then he would glance in the direction . by which he intended to depart at sun rise. as there was no rrst for him there , and would lie down again, to be troubled by the vision of his juuruey. and the old monotony of bells and wheels and horses' feel, until another came. This lasted a 1 night. So far from resuming the mastery of himself, he seemed, if possi ble, to lose it more and more, as the night crept on. When the dawn ap peared, he tvas still tormented with thinking, still postponing thought until he should he iu a belter state ; tbe past, the preseut, aud future all floated con- ' fuse dly before him, aad he had lost all j power of looking steadily at any one of them. 1 At what time,' lie asked tbe man who hud waited on him over-night, now entering with a candle, ' do 1 leave here, did you say ? ' ' About a quarter after four, Sir. Ex press comes through at four, Sir.— Don't stop.' He passed his hand across his throb, biog head, and looked at his watch Nearly half-past three. 1 Nobody going with you. Sir, proba bly,' observed the man. ' Two gentle men here, Sir, but they're waiting for the train to London.' ' I thought you said there was nobody here,' said Carker, turning npon him with the ghost of his old sunle, when he was angry or suspicions. ' Not then, Sir. Two gentlemen came in the night by the short train ilut stops hete, Sir. Warm water, Sir?' ! 'No ; and take away the candle. . Thpie's day cnoueh for mc.' I Having thrown himself upon 'lie bed. half-ilicssed he was at the window as j the man left the loom- The cobl liaht ; of morning had succeeded to nigln. null there win, already in the skv. the re j illusion of the rominir sun. He bathed ; i is luad und lace with waiei — there wa \- no cooling influence in it for him — liui- , liedlv onion Ins lollies, pivd wliut he owi-d and went out. The nir struck clii 1 and cnmfortlcs as it b'Cnihed upon liim. There was a heavy dew ; and, hot as ii was it i made him -hover. Alter a glance at the place where lie had watk-d last night,, and at ibe signal lights horning feebly in the moining. ami beu-ftof their signi ficance, lie lurded to where the sun wa« rising, and beheld ii in its g'oiy, as it i broke up >n the scene. So awful, so IraxEcend'tit in i"- j Dea my, so ' ivuiely solemn. As he ca-l his f.ided eves upon it. where it ro-t traw|iii! and serene, unmoved by il l l'c wrong and wickedness on which its beams had shone since the beginning ol the worl who shall say that some weak s.-ose of virtue upon earth, and its icward in heaven, did not manifest itself, even to him? If ever lie rcmeincmbered sister or bro ther with a touch of tenderness aud re morse. who shall say it was not then ? lie needed some such touch then. Death was on him. He was marked off from the living world, and going down into his grave. He paid the money for his journey to the country-place he had thought of ; and was walking to and fro, alone, looking along the lines of iion. acioss the valley in one direction, and toward a dark bridge near at hand in the other; when, turning in his walk, where it was < I> oundrd by one end of the wooden stage j on which he paced tip and down, lie < suv the man from whom he had fled, i emerging from the door by which J he himself had entered there. And their | eyes met. In the quick unsteadiness of the sur prise, he siaggried, and sliprd on to the road below him. But recovering his feel immediately, he stepped back a pare ! or two upon thai road, to interpose some wider space between t.iem. and looked at his pursuer, breathing short aud quick. He heard a shout — another — saw the face change its vindictive passion to a faint sickness and terror — ielt the c.vth ireinble — knew in a moment that the j rush was conn — uttered a sliri ek— luokrd luuud — saw the reJ eves blearnl ' and dnn, in the daylight, close upon linn —was beaten down, caught up, and whirled away upon a jagged mill, that spun bun round aud rouud, and struck < him limb from limb, and licked his stream of life up with iis fiery heat, and ! cast hi mutilated fragments in the aii. When the traveller who had been re- I cognised, recovered from a swoon, he j siw them bringing from a distance' something covered, that lay heavy and still, upon a board, between four men, : aud saw that uthen drove some dogs - away that sniffed upon the road, and soaked Iris blood up, with a train of ashes. CHAPTER LVJ. ! i snvFjiAL rraiLu i>r.ur;iiTF.!i, zxn tiik GVME CHICK!; IllSUtFTKO. Tnr. Midshipman was all alive. Mr. Touts aud -usau had arrived at 'ast. Susan had run op s airs like a voung woman bereft of her senses, and Mr. Tools and the Chicken had gone into j the patlour. 1 'Oil my pretty darling sweet Miss Floy !' cried the Nipper, running into ' Florence's room, to thins that it snou d cn im- to this and I should find you here j my own dear dove with nobody to wait! upon you aud no home to call youro«n but never, never will I go away again Miss Floy, for though I may not gather moss I'm not a rotilug stone, nor is my heart a stone, or else it wuuldn'l Rural as it is beginning now, oh dear oh dear ! ' Pouring out these words, without the faintest indication of a f.op, of auy soil. Miss Nipper, on her knees he- side her Mistress, hugged her close. ' Oh love ! ' cried Siutao, ' I know all that's past, I know it all my tender pet aud I'm a choking give me air !" ' Susan, dear good Susau ! ' said Flo rence. "Oh bless! I that was her little maid when she was a little child ! ami is she really, ready truly going to be iuarrii;d !' exclaimed Susan, iu a burst of paia uml pleasure, pain and grief, and heaven knows how many other con- j fliciiug feeiings. ' Who told you so ?' said Florence- ' Oh gracious me 1 that innocent crer. tuie Toot,' returned Susan, hysteri- ! colly. '1 knew he must be right, my i dear, because he tuok on so. He s the \ devotedest and innocentest infant ! And is my darling;' pursued Susan, with an other close embrace aod burst of t ars, ' really, really going to be married.' The mixture of compassion pleasure, tendern- si, protectioo, and regret with which the Nipper constantly recurred to this subject, und at every such recur- I rence, raised b-r head to look in the young face and kiss it, and then laid her head again upon her mistress's shoulder, caressing her and sobbing, was as womanly and goo t a thing, in its way, as ever was seen in ihe world. ' There, there !' said tbe soothing voice of Florence presently. ' Now yon're quite yourself, dear Susan 1' To I continued.) 