AN IHISIIMAN ROBBED. Mr James Guligan, or, as he would be familiarly styled in 'his own shweet county o' Sligo, ' Jim Gilligan, appeared at the Liverpool* Police OiTice, to complain that he had been robbed iv ivery iarthin' he had in the wide world, goold, silver, and brass, by his bedfellow and kuntryman Shawn, alias Jack Wright, nevertheless, was not down-hearted, not a bit ; but, with the buoyant spirits which an Irishman struggling with misfortune only can exhibit, he told his story after the following fashion : — ' We wor,' said he, ' takin' a dhrop, yer honour, last night, of all nights in the year, in a shtreet below there — bad luck to me if I knows the name of it — when we begun a makin' speeches, I made one about poor ould Ireland. Some othir gintleman in the kumpney made another; but of all the nonsinsical speeches I ivir rimimber since the hour I was born, it was made by Shawn, (alluding to the prisoner). Shawn— Yerrah ! repate it for his honour; do you maine to say it was traison ? Jim — The only word of it worth repating was the last; and begor I couldn't forgit that bekase it tetched my pockit. He proposed, yer honour, that I should trate the kumpney ; so to show that a Sligo man was as good as any man from Ireland, I called for a half-gallon of ale, and I paid for it. Well to make a long shtory short, I wint to bed. Shawn slept with me, and we lay down in the bed togithir. Betune the dhrink and the talk, my head was addled ; and in about two minits I was ashleep. In some time arter — I can't in throth say how long, about an hour I s'pose — I thought I felt a noise in the bed, and I looked from ondher the blanket. 'Who the divil should I see beside the bed but Shawn. ?? Yerrah ! Shawn,' sis I, 'is that you?' ' Faith it is,' sis he, ' or my ghost.' ' What ails you ?' sis I. ' Oh ! bad luck to the flais,' says he ; ' blow the wiuk o'shleep they have let me take for the night ; and I thought they may be if I jist lighted the candle for a minit, they'd b'lieve it was the daylight that was comin' and fly to their holes.' On hearin' that, I begun to suspict somethin,' and I put my hand upon me shirt. (Loud laughter). Magistrate— Your shirt ! Jim — Faith, yis ; upon my shirt, sure enuff, and I'll tell you the raison I done so, if yer honour will wait. Findin' my shirt empty, I took a leap out of the bed, and ran to saize hold o' Shawn. Shawn ran ; I purshued ; I boned him by the neck ; he strug gled ; I pulled him into the room, and I thried to lock the door. The kay somehow wouldn't turn in the lock, so he made his way into the shtreet, and I arter him like a race-horse naked. (Laughter). Magistrate — Did you get your money ? Jim— Divil a penny. Well, I'll teil you now about my shirt. You see, when I kim over from Ireland, I had my six sovereigns tied in the waistband of this ould breeches (exhibiting the breeches he had on, and which certainly might be called ' ould and worn,' for they had about five hundred patches, of all colours and shapes,' before and behind). Well, thinking that that wasn't a safe place for 'em, and that the nearer the shkin I had 'em the betther, faix I went tother day, whin nobody was looking at me, and I got a needle and piece of sthrong black thread, and I sowed 'em up in the tail o'. me shirt. (Roars of laughtei). How Shawn got to know they were thaire I'm shure I can't tell, but/ this I know to me cost that he cut the tail of it last night in the bed ; and here I am now with only a part of a shirt on me, and not as much in my pocket as would buy me a ha'porth o' shkim milk. The story of the unfortunate fellow was corrobo rated by $he policeman oh duty in EegentTstreet, and the prisoner was remanded until a search in the bod-room could be made, and the stolen property, if possible, recovered. 