Tau CIRCULATING MEDIUMf.-To count 5,000,000 .of guineas,at the rate of a guinea every second, and worling twelve hours a day, would employ one person nearly four months. A refinement in giving velocity to the circulating nmedium is practised by about two thirds of the private bankers of the metropolis. According to. the report of the bullion, committee, the daily payments made to these tbankers amounted on an average to 4,700.0001. If that sum were to be paid daily by one debtor'to his creditor, without the intervention of banking, and in coins, even of 'gold of one guinea each, the multitude of people that would be required to convey the specie from place to place, would crowd the metropolis from one end to the other, since even more than 7,700,0001. would probably be wanted. To make payments in all the variety of sums which would be necessary by the customers of the whole bankers, and the Bank of England, it might require 5, 10, or perhaps 20 times 4,700,0001. daily ; as the matter, however, is contrived, instead of this enormous sum of 4,700,0001. in coin, these daily payrr.ents, amounting in a year to 7,557,000,0001., are made by means of the comparatively trifling sum of 220,001. daily for 310 days, 68,000,0001. yearly. The merchants agree that their orders'on their respective bankers shall not be presented until the end of the day, when the bankers meet and settle and exchange all the drafts and orders on each other, paying the difference in bank notes; which is calculated to amount, on an average, to 220,0001. a day. If about two-thirds of the private bankers in London pay 1,500,000,0001. yearly for a part of their customers, how much must that yearly sum be increased by what-the whole of the bankers and the Bank of, England pay, including the public revenue and loans P When it is considered also that this vast and almost incalculable number of payments are all -accomplished by means of about 22,000,0001. in banik notes and gold coin, the velocity of its circulation will appear to most truly I astonishing.- ell's Popular and Scientific GeoUraphy. STATE or Loan JoHN RussELL's E ALTH.-We-have strong ! grounds for believing that Lord John Russell's recent short sojourn I at the sea side has not been productive of the benefit which was I anticipated from it, and that his health is'still in an unsatisfactory i \--not.to say precarious--state. We have been given to understand i on the best authority that the cares.and anxieties of office are too i much for the noble lord's strength, and that a perseverance in the ' discharge of public duties so onerous may even be -attended with danger to his lordship's life.-Alorninp Herald. 1 NAPOLEOX'S ADDICATION AT FONTAINBLEAIu.-A French colonel who attended the emperor at Fontainblean, during the days of his abdication, was standing by the side of Napoleon, on the t parade, when M.-de Caulaincourt brought him the news of his depo- E sition. The event was communicated in a whisper. Napoleon drew t back a step, bit his lip, and a faint flush crossed his cheek; but a lie recovered himself instantaneously, and continued the review.- t For the first twenty-four hours subsequent to his fall, he was a little r unquiet, but afterwards was restored to his usual-spirit and man, ners. " It is not," said he, " the -armies that have dethroned me, 1 not the combined efforts of the sovereigns, not, the extraordinary r efforts of England ; but the progress of liberal ideas, which, if I 1 had regarded five years ago, I should have confirmed my power for r ever. However," continued he gaily, " [ did not, and it has come c to this." To Sismondi he said, " I am a child of the.revolution ; . i owe all my greatness to the emancipation of France from its ancient r servitude ; I kinow and am attached to the true principles of liberty, a although 1 have certainly sometimes deviated from them. But I d have seen my error, I have felt and suffered, and I acknowledge the f absolute necessity and demand for freedom in this country.".. Insects generally must lead a truly jovial life. Think what it r must be to lodge in a lily. Imagine a palace of ivory or pearl, with pillars of silver and capitals of gold, all exhaling such a perfume, as never arose from human censor. Fancy, again, the d fun of tucking yourself. up for the night' in the ,folds of a rose, rocked to sleep by the gentle sighs-of the summer:air,.and nothing d to do when you awake but to wash yourself in a dew-drop and fall to and eat your bed-clothes P A SAD LaoEND.-'I will not- attempt (says Miss Martineau)l to describe Aira Force (on Ullswater Lake). In olden. time, a knight F who loved a lady, and who courted her in heri father's tower here at Greystoke, went forth to win glory. lie won great glory, and at first his lady rejoiced in it. But he was so long in returning, and she heard so much of his deeds on behalf of distressed lidies, that doubts at length stole upon her heart as to whether he still loved her, These doubts disturbed her mind in sleep, and she began to walk in her dreams, directing her steps, towards the waterfall, where she and her lover used to nieet. Under a holly tree beside the fall had they plighted their vows, and this was the limit of her dreaming walks.. The knight at length returned to claim her. Arriving in the night, he went to tie ravine, to rest under the hollyountil the morning should permit him to knock at the gate of the tower. But he saw a gliding figure among the trees, sad the figure reached the holly before him, and plucked a twig from the tree and threw it into the stream.. Was.it.the ghost of his lady love, or was it her self.P .She stood in a dangerous place; he put out his hand to hold her. The touch awakened her. In her terror arid confusion she fell from his:hold into the torrent, and was carriEd down the ravine. He followed and rescued her, but she died npon thire bank ; not, however, without her having fully understood that her lover was true, and had come to claim her. The knight built himself a cell upon the spot, and became a hermit for his lady love's sake. At a concert, for the'distressed poor given at Stourbridge,at the conclusion of the song, " There's a good time comrning," a man in the'garb of a labourer rose in the midst of the assembly, and ex claimed, " Mr. Russell, you couldn't fix the date, could you P" On seeing Louis Philippe about to quit the Tuilleries for ever, an English wag observed that his majesty had forgotten his um brella. " Oh !" replied our own correspondent," lie has no fur ther occasion for that, the reign is all over !" " John Smith; come up with your lesson. What does g, 1, a, double s, spell P" " Well, I knew once, but darn'd if I don't forget now." " Pshaw I what's in your mother's window sashes P" " There is so many things that gosh if I can remember them all. Let me see :--there's the house blanket in one place, brother Job's hat in another, sister Patience's bonnet in another, and dad's old hat in another, and dad's old breeches in the hole that Zeb and I made yesterday." " Take a run out, Johnny : you may play for awhile." The Cincinnati Commercial, in speaking of an orator, observes, " that he spoke an hour and half, and ' was sensible to the last.' " An Owestry lady, took offeiice at something in the newspaper of the day, seiat it home in a huff, declaring that she wonld " never borrow that paper again." " In consequence of the death of Lord Granville Somerset," says the Bath Herald, " the bounds of his Grace the Duke of Beaufort will not meet until after the funeral." " What carrot-headed, ugly little urchin is that madamP Do you know his nameP" " Why, yes : that is my youngest son !" " You don't'say so, indeed ! Why, what a dear little sweet dove-eyed cherub he is, to be sure !" i At the battle of Ivry, Henri Quatre assured his followers that where the danger, was greatest, they would find his plume, the panache blanc. His descendant, Louis Philippe, had a similar notion ; in the moment of danger he showed the white featlher "' Oh ! mother," said a little fellow, " I have got such a bad headache and sore throat, too, that 1 don't believe I can go to school to-day. 4'1--" Have you, my dear ?" asked the mother ; " well, you shall stay at home and take some medicine,"-" It's no matter," retorted the shrewd urchin ; " I guess I can go to school : I've got' em, but they don't hurt me /" An Irishmam and a German, being at sea together during a storm, vowed each a purse of gold to the shrine of the Virgin. The generous Irishman complied with his promise as soon as he landed, and, meeting with his more wary friend, inquired if he had done the same.-" Nix," replied the German.-" And what do you think will become of you when you go to sea again P"asked Pat, " If to Wargin ketches me.to sea again," said the German," 1I will givo .her- loaf?- o-plowte~ masts out of te ship," REMARKABLE PRaoPHECY o GoLDSMITH.-WlWhile marking the social peculiarities of the French, their political condition was not forgotten. He appears to have clearly observed the slow and almost silent opposition of a new and formidable .principle at that time taking root in the public mind of France. The prophecy as to the probable results is singular; and proved much nearer its accom plishment than he believed. He says, in a journal of his contin ental travels in the year 1755, with regard to France, " As the Swedes are making concealed approaches to despotism, the French, 1 on the other hand, are imperceptibly vindicating themselves into freedom. When I consider that t'hese parliaments, the members of which are all created by the court (the presidents of which can only ac by immediate direction), presume even to mention privileges and freedom,who of late received directions from the throne with implicit humility ; when this is considered,.I cannot help fancying that the genius of freedom has entered that kingdom in disguise. If they have but three weak monarchs more successfully on the throne, the mask will be laid aside, and the country will once more be free." It is remarkable that Burke was impressed with the same idea ; first in 1769, in his pamphlet in reply to one of Mr. Grenville, and again in 1771, on his return from a visit to that country. If the coinci dence of opinion be accidental, it is curious; but as Goldsmith was prior in time, Burke may have been led to consider the subject by hearing, his observations.-Prier's Life of Goldsmith. Lroz IIUNTriNo,-Ten or twelve colonists, mounted and armed c with their large guns, go out, and having., with the assistance of their dogs and Hottentots, ascertained where the spoiler lies, ap proach within a moderate distance, and then alighting, make fast the horses to each other by their bridles and halters. They then advance to within about thirty paces, backing the horses before v them, knowing to within what distance, and being aware, from his j aspect and motions, whether hie is likely to anticipate ,their attack. t As they advance, the lion at first surveys them calmly, and wags his tail as in a pleased and playful humour; but when they approach nearer, he begins to growl, and draws his hind parts under his a breast till almost nothing of him is seen, except his bushy. bristling" mane, and,Iiis eyes of living fire gleaming fiercely from the midst of it. He is now fully enraged, and only measuring his distance in act to spring upon his audacious assailants. This is the critical moment,.and the signal for half'the party to fire. If they are not ( successful in killing him at the first voltey, hlie springs like a thun derbolt upon the horses. The rest of the party then pour in their ire upon him, which seldom fails to finish his career, though, per- r ihaps, witlh the loss of one or more horses; and sometin:es, though more rarely, some even of the huntsmen are destroyed in these c dangerous encounters.-Thomson',s Trarels in Africa. The offcersof the Royal Dragoons are to wear the red stripe dbwn their undress overall (trowsers) instead of the gold lace. SGorvernment has remitted to the Listowel union £10,000 :out of £23,000,expended in rations undes the Temporary Relief act. - T.he garrison of Beifast was augmented to 1,000 men .on Patrick's day. o o a by H e No English coachman or g'om is row allowed todrive by th Paris democra?i. ' 