THE RQMISH CONTROVERSY. ' no. ii. The first article, added to the Catholic Cfeed by Pope Pius IV., and which w'e now proceed to examine, is as follows 1 ' 1 "7 most steadfastly admit and embrace Apostolical and. Ecclesiastical Traditions; amf and all other observances and constitutions- of the same Church! ' ' '' ' : \- The doctrine of the Church of Home on the subject of T. radition may be more fully gathered lrom the decrees of the Council of Trent, which assert, thet the rq(h of 0od is con tained in the boohs of Scripture and unwritten traditions — which traditions were received by the Apostles from the lips of Christ himself, or dictated to them by the Doly Spirit, and trans mitted to all ages by the Church, and : hence bey should be received with eyual jjiety and .reverence as the Scriptures themselves. The Articles aud Confessions ol the Reformed -Churches, ou the ptber hand, declare, that'the Books of Holy Scripture do in themselves con tain all things necessary to salvation ; " so that whatever is not rpad thereiq, nor may 5 be proved thereby, is not to be required of any inan that It should be I e'ieved as' an article of faith, or be thought riquisite or necessary to salvation. Thus it appears, that the Church of Rome lb® Reformed C hurches are at issue on ' ' .. C this very vital question " Where is .the truth of God to be found R'— \Vhat is the final resort 'n matters of controversy R'—in other' words, What is the Christian Rulevof Faith .'" T-hjs question is very properly placed :in the front of the controversy, because .it is evidently useless to argue, unless there be some standard of doctrine by which both parties shall be bound. Nor is the .question .one of great difficulty, though Rombh divines have endeavoured to introduce into the discussion a mass of irreh— van,t matter, which .we .shall not .now pause to notice, confining o/jrs,elves to the plain ques tion before us, which we haye stated above. . Our readers will bear in mind that we are to deal wjth Tradition as regards its claims to be considered a Rule of Faijth. That tradition, about which there is any controversy, is not merely isome matter of ritual or ceremonial ; for these haye in vaiiojus pjace and at various times been divers, an,d may be changed by proper authority, provided only that they may be made agreeable to God's word. Nor are we to understand by tradition merely that jwhicb handed down from ope generation to another; for the Scriptures themselves are traditions in this sense, and are so spohen of by the ancient Falheis (See also I Cor . si. 2. with the mar ginal reading.) Nor , lastly, do we mean by T radition merely an appeal to antiquity on matters of fact. Every one knows th at the testimony of antiquity is most valuable i$ es tablishing the authenticity of the Sapred History, and in proving that the very books which we. receive as canonical, were $o received by the primitive Christians. In al tjbese senses, Tra dition has its proper place, and its prpper value. Protestapts must not therefore be accused of undervaluing the testimony pf antiquity — U is Rome which ha repdered herself justly ob noxious to this charge, by admitting the Apo cryphal writings into (he panon, and adding new At tides tp thp Cgtholic and Apostolic Creed. We object not tp tradition, when legitimately psed, as a witness to facts, or as an "illustration or confirmation of Truth ; but we » ' ' - object to it as a part of the infallible Rule of Eaifh, and that for the four following reasons. First. Tradition is a,u imperfect rule of faith and has invariah\y led into error, , where it hah beejf adopted . The general corrpption of the wqrld dpring the antediluvian and patriarchal ages, when the knowledge of the true religion was confined to a fe\v families, to the members of which God specially declared himself, is sufficient to prove the falsehood of that dogma pf the Romish divines, that, though the Scriptures had ueyer been written, the truth ?M'd have been pre served by the traditions of the .Church. We say, it is a complete aus,wer to this assertion, to shew, tjiat, though there were probably not more than five, or at most six, lives front Adam tp Moses, the trutb was not preserved without special revelations to each generation." When the time came that God had appointed for the more extended prona&ration; of His truth he no longer confined it to the keeping of a single family, jiot he tnade of that< family, a : great nation, and reduced the canonical |aw tp writing by the hand of MoseS, while His own finger inscribed on tables of. stone the brief but comprehensive code of permanent moral duties. Even after this period, we find tha the cfiospn natipn, so lqng as they adherpd Ip he written word, were preseryed from corruption ; but that, whenever they fproook it, and followed tradition, they fell intp error. They forsook the law.qf thp Lprd and served the gods of the heathen nations, and at last they were carried away into captivity. And thopgb, after theiF return, they did not agqiq ffijj juto idolatry, yet in consequence pf thpir listening to the tradi tions qf the elders, we are expressly told by our .Lord himself, that they made the cowman d?- ment of God of none effect, and were immgrsed in a sjstem of self- righieous formality, having wholly lost sjglt of the pure doctrines of the written word, and the precious promises therein set fcjrtb. - We hqve thus a complete proof of the inefijcacy of trqdition in preerying the truth of God. And the proof is still more strik jog which is to be derived from the history of The Catholic Churph. It is a fact tfiat the gradual corruption of Christianity is to be traced mainlv to the relinquishing of Holy Scripture as the sole Rule of Faith, and the introdnciion of doc trines whjch fiad no authority, save tbp pretepdqd one of Fradition. But w'e cannot Cuter fully into this branch of the subject, as it woiild ex tend ouir remarks to too greaf a length ; we shall have opportunities pf illustrating the truth of b.uf position as we proceed in the controversy. Secondly. Our Blessed: Jd and His Apostles invariably appealed to the Scriptures, and as invariably condemned Tradition as a rti le of Faith. / \ When the Saviour was tempted by the jdevij he used np pthei weapon than -the?Sword of the Spririt, which is the Word of God. It is written, was the dignified nnd constant reply When lie was asked by a certain one, What shall I do to inherit eternal lite ?'— bis reply was, ' What is written in the law ? How readest thou ? When the misbelieving Sad ducees cavilled against the resurrection, be said ' ye do err, npt knowing the Scrip tyres, See, Ou the other hand, when the Pharisees referred to the traditions cf the elders qs authority for certain of their practices, and rould haye pen- sured the disciples of the Lord for not observing these traditions, He condemned their traditions in the most explicit terms, tracing all their errors to .the introduction of this spurioqs tes:. (See Matt." xv. p ; Mark vii. 13) And the- same may be said of the holy Apostles. In their preaching, as wpll as ja (heir writings, 1 « f? they referred exclusively to the Holy Scriptures (See Acts ii. 16, 21 ; xiii. 33, 40 ; xvii 2, 3.- Col. ii. 20, 22.) . The Romish Divine adduce one text, which, they maintain, is favourable 4o the authority of Tradition. It is to be. found in the Second Epistle of St. Paul to the Thessalfinians, chap, ii. v. 35. " Therefore, brethren, stand fast, and hold the traditious which ye have been taught, whether by word or our Epistle." from this it is argued that there were two modes of teaching appointed and sanctioned by Apostolic author ity, viye, by word or jepistlfi. To this we reply that while the Apostles themselves were plive, their preaching was doubtless of equal authority! wijih thpir writiugs, both being alike dictated by th:e Holy Ghost ; but we have no proof thjat they left anything unwritten, wblch « is neces sary for us to believe. The Church of Rome has frequently been challenged to produce one siuole saying of Christ or H is Apostles, which is not in the Bible, but which has been orally preserved, and of the genuineness of which there is as good proof as we have of the sacred Canon Lett he Church of Rome produce one such say- for instance, let her give us the particulars the interview of our Saviour with 'he. five hundred brethren, or tbe celebrated sermon of St. f pul, which lasted till midnight— Ipt us havp. sonie of these valuable relics and we shall be prepared to receive ih.em yith the rever ence to wj)ich they wouid be entitled.. This v-puld be ashort way o fending the controversy ; but the phurch of Ronie has ueyer shewn to the vyoifld what fier traditions are. If® are there fore' Warranted in concluding that she has no ge- nqine Apostolic traditions tp shew— -that she pre. fera claiin which she cannot substantiate,-— and that this much 'talked of Tradition is but a con venient, and high sounding name to cover over the enormous ma?s ol rubbish wjth which sjie has encumbered the simplicity pf .the QoSpel. .(To be cpntipued| 