WEDNESDAY MORNlING, JUNE 7. THE NEW CONSTiTUTION.--The present attempt of the V. D. L. government to prohibit the im portation of sheep from Port Phillip is one out of many instances in which Earl Grey's scheme of a central legislative body for the regulation of laws bearing on the interests of more than one colony, shews to decided advaptage. In the event of such an assembly being constituted, and such an enactment being proposed for its con sideration, the interests of one colony would not be studied in preference to those of another, but, on the contrary, their mutual advantage would be the sole object aimed at; and, in such a case as that to which we have alluded, the true motive of the proposers of such an enactment would be very likely to appear. Many instances could be adduced in illustration of this portion of the pro posed constitution. Town La,,n.-Of the allotments to be offered for sale on the 14th instant, Nos. 1 and 11 are between Corio-street and the beach, and bounded on the east by Moorabool-street. lBoth are corner allotments, the formei being bounded on the north by what is termed the beach promenade, and the latter on the south by the continuation of Corio Terrace. A glance at the ground will show that No. 11 is within a few feet of Mr Bohun's fence. Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 are long allotments ex tending from the terrace to the promenade. The two first are swampy, each having about an equal share of the " water privilege," and on certain occasions may be invisible for a day or two, for which reason probably they are not offered. Nos. 5, 6 and 7 are on the hill, and are at the northern extremity, take in a small por tion of the fence which connects the slaughter house of Messrs Cullen and Edols with the stock 'ard. On tfie latter is situated the herdsman's rouse. Nos. 8, 9 and 10 are square allotments, or as near that form as the curve of the bay will permit, and fromn the manner in which they are laid out, it is obvious that nothing will be sold between them and the line of suburbans. Nos. S and 10 are corner allotments, and the former takes in the greater part of the stockyard, a small portion of which being on No. 9, and the remainder on the vacant land to the westward. With reference to the wester in boundary, one probability is that Ghser inghap-street terminates its northerly course at Corio Terrace, and that all the land to the north ward of the Terrace, between allotments 8,9 and 10 and the suburban boundary, is intenided as a public promenade. VER:aNDAsii.-(Communicated).--In looking at Little Scotland, .Newtown,. and Ashly,- I have often felt inclined to talk to the several inhabi tants, to request them, for their owncomifort, to erect a verandah to the front of their cottages, as a pleasant shade in summer, a protection from rain in winter, a place of amusemeln? for their children, and an ornament to their dwelling place, and to the town. There is littleadditional labor required to accomplish this, and perhaps some few industrious, seinsible people, may read this suggestion and profit thereby ; they will then be astonished that they have so long overlooked this comfort. HonEHO?ouN TE..--(Coinmunicated.)-In these damp days, when colds are so prevalent, a simple and healthful remedy is within the reach of every one. It is drinking an infusion of horehound; which is an herb generally known, and which grows in abundance on the outside of the gardeis on the Barwon, at South Geelong. One sprig, a foot long, with leaves on it, is sufficient for one infusion with a quart of water. It may be drank the same as tea, and if taken hot when going to sleep, and in the morning, it will remove coughs and affectionsof the chest. It isalso anlti-bilious and an excellent stomachic, and is altogether a most medicinal herb. SALT.-TTne Port Phillip H-erald -reports that the settlers residing on the rivers Loddon, Avoca, and Murray, have lately obtained a considerable quantity of salt from the-lake Bogie,'situated at the head of the Loddon :lthier, .where salt of a very superior description, far. exeeeding.that of lake Bolac, is found in suc labundance, that a couple of black fellows can load a drayin a couple of hours. APPLICATIONS TO A POLICE BENCIL.--Many bush residents do not appear to be aware that in every case where an application to a bench of niagis trates is necessary, either to obtain a summons, or the issue of a warrant, it must be made to the bench nearest to where the applicant or the party resides, against whom such warrant or summons may be required. It is really necessary that this regulation be distinctly understood, as much inconvenience may result to those who are ig norant of it. On Thursday last, a man who applied for a summons under the Masters' and Servants' Act, against a settler in the Pyrenees district, was refused, on the grounds that the application mlust be made to the bench of magis trates there. Even had the summons been granted, the defendant could have refused to appear if he thought proper. PFEE PORT PETITION.-Fourtemen months have now elapsed since this petition was forwarded to the home government through Sir Charles Fitz Roy, accompanied, we have reason to believe,. with his Excellency's recommendation ; and yet, strange to say, no answer has been returned. After the applications that have been made, and the length of time that hope has been deferied, it will be a hard case indeed if we have to labor during another season under the fearful disad vantages of which we have hitherto had so loudly to complain. As, however, we have yet aliout. five months of comparative leisure, sometlling. may yet transpire on this subject. TiE Datr.-'There is now no doubt that the dam, or, as it is termed in the Survey Office, the embankment-for which the sum of £500 has been voted, is to be erected at the west-end of Malop street, and is to answer the purpose of a bridge or road across the gully, and a means of inter cepting the water so as to create the proposed reservoir. The latter may not at present seeml to be an important acquisition, but remembering that each side of the gu1lly is to be formed,into ornamental grounds and garden, Mr La T'rrobe having decided on recommending the expenditure of a sum for this purpose; the value of the re servoir, also ornamented by art, will at once appear. Mr Lennox, Superintendent of Bridges, is daily expected ill town, when he will, no doubt, be in a position to prepare the necessary specifi cations for the erection of the dam. LICENSEis VICTUALLERS.--The new applicants are carrying on very extensive operations just now in several parts of the town and suburbs, preparing for a commencement of business on the 1st .1 tly next. The late transfers of property in this lucrative branch of business arose from sonie of the old established victuallers having done enough either to enter into trade on a more ex tensive scale, or to retire for a term and enjoy their otium curm dignitate until something suitable to their taste or inclination may offer. EXHIBITION OF HORSEMANSHIP.-It is an old saying that, place a beggar on a horse and he will ride--no matter where, it is well understood. The same will almost hold good of an inebri ated bushman; for, once placed in the saddle, very little short of the beggar's goal will pull him up. Something evidently symptomatic of this took place in Marrabool treet on Monday afternoon. At about four o'clock a loud hue and cry of alarm was all on a sudden raised, and women and children were seen rushing into tradesmen's shops and out-of-the-way corners for protection against a horse and horseman which were dashing up and down the street with frightful speed. On they went, away down within a yard of the water's edge, up again and round Dalgety's store, across the road and almost into the Ironmonger's shop, back once more, and quite into Reekey's. " Stop him--stop the horse," screamed half-a-dozen voices, " Where's the con stables-why don't they stop him ? -he ought to be. ashamed of himself-scandalous of them- some one or other will be killed." These and sundry other exclamiations were proceeding from several lookers on, when the constables, attracted by the noise, arrived on the spot. The rider and his horse had by this time got quite enough of the joke, for when. an attempt was made to check his career, he quietly reined in, and suffered himself to be taken prisoner. The dashing equestrian, who gave his name as Robert Ledwell, was brought before Mr Addis on Wed iesday morning, when, having pleaded guilty to the charge, and begging their worship's, in rich Tipperary, to be " soft and aisy wid him," he was fined 20s., or in default to-but before the sen tence of the default could be pronounced, the fine was paid and the offender was out of court. FIREs.-A master mason and builder of Gee long is about trying an experiment in tie con struction of fire-places inl the sitting-rooms and kitchens of dwelling-houses. In lieu of miak ing the bottom of the fire-place of brick or stone as is now commonly done, he proposes to place iron liars so close together as not to allow the burning charcoal to d'rop through, yet sufficiently asunder to admit a current of air from beneath, which, lie asserts, will have the effect of main taining a more equal fire at a miuch less cost of fuel. PorATOEs.--The Circular Head Company ap pear to approve of the speculation of shipping their potatoes to this port, as they have again freighted the Alexander, which arrived here yes terday morning with the same description of produce. The sample, similar to -the last, is of a very excellent description. TIIE CONSTAPULsARY.-RobertLidwell and Wil liam Gilnan were charged at the Police Office, on Monday last, with the comnlission of an offence against the received niotions of public propriety of behaviour. Thley were discharged for wantof sufficient evidence. We notice this trifling.oc currence, because the case was disposed of accom panied with a remark characteristic if gd6d setise and nloderation froim Mr Conimissioier Addis. In the present instance, two mien were taken in custody at a time they wvere under the influence of immediate intoxication. This ofl'eunce, which could easily have been proved, was niot enteredin the charge, while the more serious one,savithout proof to substantiate, was noticed.. The remarkof Mr Addis was, that if constables would only conufine themselves to their duty, without taking upon themselves to lessen or aggravate an offence, the ends of justice would be much better "served. "If," said hIis wvorship, "you had confined these men for drunkenness, the bench could have used their discretion in awarding an aamount of pun ishment they might have deemned necessary, but in charging themn with tllat in which you are unable to obtain a coinviction the delilquents escape free of an infliction they deservedly merit." A Sr.Enovs AccrSENT.-'Ve hear that an acei dent occurred lately on a sheep station in the Portland district, which had well nigh terminated in thle dest uction of about twelve persons. By some accident, a bucket half full of water, in which a a quart of cor rosive sublimate had been dissolved, was placed beside the cask out of which the water is usually drawn for the culinary service of the station. A female, in preparing breakfast for the above number, used the water wvhich she hlad thus found in the bucket, in filling the kettle and other utensils employed in boiling the water for breakfast. After the usual number of persons hlad partaken of the tea, they became sick ando uinwell, a an all inquiry being instituted, it was discovered that they had beein poisoned. Rese dies, such as a sheep station will a:fford, were resorted to, and by various means the violeint sy3'uptoims in most were allayed, until miedical advice, where it was needed, was resorted to. We are happy to say that no one has died through this accident, but all who partook of the dele terious liquid were made more or less ill under its influence.-Portland Guardian. The Archdeacon of Geelong has arrived here with his household, but there is some difficulty experienced in obtaining suitable premises as a residence. The promptitude with which the Bishop has followed up his schemes for the spi ritual welfare of this district, is deserving of all praise. ERRATUMI.-By the inexcusable blunder of a compositor, the name of AIr -litchins (instead of that of Mr Forster) was put at the head of the advertisement of the sale (this day) of the brick Cottage in Ryrie-street. McECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-Dr Creelman will essay a third time, on Friday evening, to deliver his lecture, which has been twice postponed in consequence of unfavorable weather. Arrange ments have been made for the lecture to be given in the Presbyterian school-room, adjoining the Scots' Church, to commence at half-past six o'clock. It is to be hoped that persons will con sider the interesting subject of the lecture (the Senses,) an inducement to attend. Thie weather also appeals to be more settled and. favorable; the audience will have the advantage of moon light in going and returning; andthle'situation of the school-room is in a dry and-convenient locality. Dr. Creelnlan is deservedly entitled to .every encouragement for his disinterested, but earnest desire, to promote the amusement and.in struction of the public. SEMIGRATION.-The following important intel' ligence is conveyed in a letter from Mir 1'oster to the Editor of the Port Phillip Herald : Despatches have arrived announcing that thirty six emigrant ships are to arrive in the course of the year at Sydney, and as many more at Port Phillip. The last arrivals only averaged £8 10s. per head, which has enabled the Conmmissioners to extend their operations. The Session will close in a fortnight. THE PRESS.-Mr G. Arden, in conjunction with another gentleman, will shortly start a third paper in Geelong, and having in point of ability and experience, no local competitor, will not be long in taking the lead. " Jeames," unless he comes out a little brighter, will soon be alongside his own " Bunyip." - Patriot. [This is the Patriot's method of replying to our arguments on the cause of the late wreck. Is it not pitiable ?-En. G. A.] LICENSES TO DiEPASTURE, CUT TINMER, &C.; The following list of persons to whom licenses were granted during the months of March and April appears in the Government Gazette:-To depasture-J. Andrews, J. Collins, J. Jobbins, J. Vidler, S. Bowler, T. Clarke, J. Johnston, J. Read & W. H. Scott, Murray; M. Byrne, James Crawford, Patrick Curtain, C. Ferrers, AM. Lyons, J. & R. Moffatt, Win. Sherran, Mary Linton, Win. Lawson, and E. M'Donald, Portland Bay; J. J. Allan, Ellis & Shore, G. M. Elliott, J. P. Fawkner, W. -olker, John Hepburni, A. M'Callum (2), P. Martin, H. Moor, Moor & Martin, W. & D. Ryrie, and J. Cowper, at Western Port.; A. M'Leod, Thos. Rowe, J. M. Clow, John Cameron, W. Fitebrace, Thos. Gibson, T. & J. Ham, and A. M'Kinly, at the Wimmiera; J. Atkins, P. C. Buckley, and J. P. Turnbull, at Gipps's Land. To cut timber-W. Cain, D. Daly, N. Easom, Thos. Hayden, Thos. Kirwan, L. M'Lean, M. Thomas, H. Thomas, D. Bell, P. Bradshaw, Patrick Cashion, P. Fran cis, Thomas Hill, Henry Harrigan, M1. Hassett, Thos.'Iddles, and John Myles, in County Bourke; Win. Allcott, Edward Jones, Patrick, and John Fitzpatrick, Murray; George Maynard, and Patrick Ready, Grant; J. Carwon, Henry.Ford, John Jennings,.and Robert M'Guinness, Port land Bay. To strip bark --W.. A. Greene, Wes tern Port. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.--The Colonial Secretary said that a melancholy event had taken place since the house separated last evening-the decease of Lieutenant- General Sir Maurice O'Connell. The deceased had been for many years connected with the colony, and was until lately a member of that house, and he (the Colonial Secretary) was acquainted with Sir Maurice for a long period, as a member of the Executive Council, but more intimately during the interregnum which followed the departure from these shores of his late Excellency Sir George Gipps. and he could truly say that an individual' more entitled to the respect of the community, for the qualities both of his mind and of his heart, never existed. The house adjourned accordingly. POST OFFICE APPOINTMNrTS.-Mr Hugh Cadden is now filling the situation. of Accountant to the Melbourne Post Office at an increased salary of £200 per annum from the 1st July; and Mr Edward Barlow has been appointed Chief Clerk. Mr William Thacker, third clerk, has been pro moted to the Postmastership of Geelong, and.will enter on the duties of his office on the 1st July. If civility to the public, and a strict attention to business constitute claims to preferment, this appointment has been well deserved. In the re gular course of events, Mr Hinton, the junior, takes Mr Thacker's place, and a vacancy will be thus created in the staff, which will, of couise, be filed .up in the ordinary manner. -.erald. Moon v. KERR (No. 2),-Satuiday last having finally disposed of Moor v. Kerr No. 1 by the defendant's m'otion to set aside costs, the plain tiff, yesterday morning, issued the writ for case No. 2, which was yesterday personally served on the defendant, In this case Mr Moor goes init6 court to claim damages for a series of allecred libels extending over a period of several weeks. The trial will come on in August. The damages are laid at £1,500. Council for the plaintiff, Messrs Williams and Stawell; solicitor, Mr Moor. For defendant, Messrs Stephen and Pohl man; solicitor, Mr Duerdin. - - SYDNEY MARKETS, MALY 26.-The supply of wheat during the past week has continued limited in quantity, but quite equal to the demand, as at the present rate the millets have made but few pui chases, and these confined solely to superior samples, which that brought to market has prin cipally been, and the sales made have been at from 4Is. 4d. to 4s. 6d. per bushel. Van Diemen's Land has sold at 4s. 10d. THE DETECTIVE FORCE.-A subscription has been started by the licensed victuallers, which we have no doubt will be liberally responded to, for the purpose of presenting to the members of the Detective Force some mark of their approval of the unceasing and successful exertions of this small, but imost efficient force for the suppression and detection of crime.-Melbourne paper. A MosT PRoDGIovUS APPETITE.- Were the ghosts of the horned beasts slaughtered in Mel bourne during the past month for the purpose of satisfying the appetites of the beef-eaters, to be sunmmoned to appear, a nice little herd of six hundred and seventy-three would present them selves, as appears by the statistical return of the Inspector of slaughter houses.-Gazette. THE BURRA BURRA MinNEs.-The Directors of the South Australian Muining Association are advertising to pay another dividend of two hun dred per cent. on the 1st June next, and as the same agreeable dose is prescribed quarterly, it is presumed that then and thenceforward some X24,640 will every third month, be subjected to the process of real, commercial, or speculative deglutition. At this rate the proportion of " burly citizens" ought to be on the increase, GOING OUT FOR A .SUPPER.-Tlomas Denny, a short, dirty faced, good humored little fellow, was placed at the bar on Monday morning, charged with being drunk, on the Saturday evening previouss "I warn't drunk your wor ship." " Call constable Hayes" said Mr Carman. " Now constable, just tell the magistrate whether or not you took the prisoner in charge on Satur day night for being drunk." " Yes I did your worship ; the man was knocking at every shop door in Corio-street, saying lie wanted some beefsteaks, and he intended to Jhave them too, before lie went home. I took him to the wach house in consequence of the disturbance he was creating." Prisoner-" I hope sir you will let me tell you all about it. My wife says to me on Saturday night about twelve o'clock. Tom says she, go to down to Charlie's-that's Pemberton's the sausage shop, your worship,-and bring me up a pound of black pudding; so I goes down and gets the pudding, and when I had done that, off I goes and gets a loaf; just then I was about making again to my wife, when up comes that there fellow, and said as how I was drunk and must go alonri with him, and he seizes hold o' me by the scruf lof the neck ; when I tried to loose his hand to breathe a little more easy like, he said I was violent, and quite out o' order, and dragged me off to the watchhouse, as if I was some one what hadn't come honestly by what I was holding in 'my hand. That's the true consarn, every word, and I war no more drunk than what, axing your pardon, your worship is now." The chief con stable here desired the watchhouse keeper to stand.ii' the witness box. .-Mr Addis-Was the prisoner drunk when he :.was: brought to the watchhouse on Saturday bniglt? N % atchhouse keeper-No, lie was not drunk, and, I could not say he was sober; he had been drink I.r Carman-Then if he was not drunk, what right had you to receive him in charge. lThe little fellow immediately after this explan iation, received his discharge from the benchi:: THE -MURDER AT THE PYRENEES.-In reference to this matter the Geelong Advertiser' has the following :--' The account we copied from the Gazette respecting an alleged murder at Burn bank, was, we have ascertained, incorrect. A gentleman from the Pyrenees informs us that the accused acted entirely in defence of his life and his master's property." We may state that we have seen a letter from another party a settler in the district, whose version of the story differs but little from that of our first correspondent, who was almost an eye-witness of the occurrence. We fear great carelessness has been displayed in this affair, but we shall not condemn any one unheard.-G azette. FREE ScoTs' COnURC, GEELONG.-By the " Free Presbyterian Messenger " it is shown that £361 8s. 6d. has been collected towards defray ing the expenses of building the Free Scots' Church in Geelong, a large sum when it is con sidered how few, comparatively speaking, are the members attached to it. To the Messrs. T. and S. Learmonth, for their joint liberality and exertions for promoting the temporal welfare of this church is to be attributed a large share of its success. PORTLAND SAVINGS' BANK.-We understand that the directors, through Mr William M3uir, the accountant, are wishful in every possible way to accommodate industrious and deserving indivi duals in depositing, and drawing money out of the Bank; and where they have a competent knowledge of parties, and are not in danger of imposition, they will not act up to the punctilios of the rules. Several instances of liberality have occurred, in applying the rules of the institution to the cases of parties both in depositing money and in drawing out their deposits.-Guardian. TIE BONI)ED STORE.-Thanks to Messrs Flower and Must, aided by. the valuable services of Mr Cassells, the Sub-Collector of Customs in Mel bourne, we now enjoy the benefit of a Bonded Store, which has been so long required. The Petition of our Geelong neihbors for a similar accommodation, was forwarded to England at the same time as that from Portland, but its prayer has not yet been granted. We know Mr Cassells not only strongly recommended ours, but at the same time requested that the necessary books, &c.;, should be sent out with the approval, which was done, and in consequence the new establishment has been formed with the least possible delay. The building to be used for the purpose is Mr Claridge's late store, and Mr Philpin has been appoin'ted keeper.-Portland Gazette. NEW ToWNSHIP.-We understand that several of the Government officials have been to the Glenelg, to determine the site of a Township, and Court of Petty Sessions, and that after a due consideration of the several localities they have fixed upon Dunrobin Run, on the opposite side of the Glenelg to that of Pearson's as affording a more enlarged extent of land fit for cultivation, ready access to water, an inexhaustible supply of firewood, and timber for fencing. The Adelaide line of road can be brought by that station in as eligible and short a line as the present one. The land on Pearson's station, availablefor cultivation, being subject to the floods of the Glenelg and a scarcity of firewood, rendered that station ineli gible. It is but justice to remark that Captain Fyans in his visit to the Glerielg has gained the esteem and respect of every squatter with whom he came in contact, by his affable and courteous deportment.-Portland Guardian. IsJURIOUS -EFFECTS OF CHLOROFORM.-At a recent meeting of the Surgical Society of Ireland, Mr Stapleton stated that he had recently tried chloroform in some cases in Jervis-street Hospi tal. One man was put into a sound sledp, but awoke in about a miniute afterwards, and ex pressed himself as having been conscious of everything that was done to him; while appa rently unconscious, he said that he had felt him self pinched, and so forth ; but was unable to resist or give any indication of feeling. A resi dent pupil of the hospital had tried it a day or two before, and was very merry during its action ; that day he again tried it, and was put to sleep in two minutes, but recovered in two 'minutes more; and shortly after began laughing in an hysterical manner, and soon fell into violent convulsions, so as to require the united efforts of several people to hold him down in bed ; he then got rigours, cold perspirations, and sickness of stomach; his pulse sometimes fell very low, and when the excitement was coming on it would rise to 100. He remained in this uncertain state for two hours, and then expressed a wish to sleep. Under the operation of the chloroform there was a complete loss of muscular power, except during the convulsions. PHENOMENON.-The tide has reached by twelve feet higher up the beach and hummocks, during these late gales, than was ever before known. The sea is evidently gaining upon this coast. Last spring and summer a number of small land slips occurred on both sides of the township, where the banks were high, owing to the sea having sometime before undermined them. The older residents in the place can point out a variety of changes which have occurred during the past ten years, caused by the action of the surf upon the banks and shore of the bay.-Portland Paper. The latest accounts from the Burra Burra de scribe the prevalence of various forms of illness, as also the occurnence of sudden, death in.several instances. THE BrEFTHREN OF THE MYSTIC TIE.-.One of the sailors belonging to the ill- fated Thetis happened to be a member of the Manchester Unity Lodge of the Ancient and Honorable Fraternity of Odd Fellows, and though personally unknown to the members of the lodge here, having taken his degrees in Sydney, the fact of his being an Odd Fellow had no sooner become known than ample supplies of everything which the poor fellow required poured in from all quarters, independent of which he has been pre sented with a sum of money, fully equivalent to the value of his loss by the wreck of the ill-fated vessel.-Gazette. THmE " JUNo."-II consequence of several par ties from Portland having refused to pay their fares by this vessel, it.has. been found necessary to make a regulation, published in another column, whereby all passages must be prepaid; It was only on her last trip.to Adelaide that no fewer than eleven persons refused, and set the Captain at defiance, but upon getting under Kangaroo Island he ordered the boat to be lowered, intending to put them on shore there, and it was only on the strong. expression of regret, the payment of their passages, and £1 to the crew for the trouble in lowering the boat, that the Captain agreed to take them on to Adelaide. Portland Gazette. 