domestic gazette. i own ( nuNcir..— 1 lie usual weekly meet ing nf the Town Council took place on Thursday, (adjourned from Tuesdov) nt twookdock. Present — Aldermen Condcll mid Greves, <.A)uncillors Armitstcad. Clarke, Kerr, Johnston, M'Combio, Murray, and Smith. The minutes of the last meeting having been read and confirmed, the council pro ceeded to the indisposed of business — Councillor Smith reported that the funds on hand amounted to £3986 6s 7d.f after the estimated expense of the works now in progress was deducted. Councillor Kerr moved — That it be an in- struction to the Public Works' Committee to cause the crossings in such streets as arc only metalled in the centre, to be metalled the entire extent of such crossings. Which was passed without opposition, and also — That the Public Works Committee he instructed to inquire and report as to the practicability ana probable expense of in stituting a proper expense of scaveugering for the city. Which was seconded by Councillor John ston, and passed without opposition. Councillor M'Combie moved — That a Select Committee be appointed to inquire and report to this Council upon the best means of improving the sanatory condition of Melbourne, and preventing nuisances ; and, also to -report upon the best means of pre- venting trades injurious to the health of the ! inhabitants, from being carried on within the said city, as incorporated by law. Such Committee to consist of Aldermen Bell, Condell, and Greeves, Councillors Murray, Johnston, Clarke, Annand, and Campbell ; Seconded by Councillor Mur- ray. , Conncillor Kerr moved as an amend ment, that the matter be roferred to the Public Works Committee. Councillor Armitstead seconded the amendment Councillor Smith called the attention of the Council to a similar measure of his, , which he had brought forward, and said bo ' would, nevertheless, support the original motion. The amendment was put and lost and original motion carried. Councillor M'Coinhle requested leave to withdraw bis second motion, on the du- ifetibes of tbe District as ho intended to alter Ihn wnrdin nf it ltnfnrft ho brought it forward. ' (A letter was berc handed to His Wor ship tbe Mayor, who requested leave to read it.) 1 la con&equence; of the ill health of Coun cillor Annami the motions standing in his name wore postponed. Alderman Grooves as Chairman of the Market Committee, moved tbe adoption of so much of the Committeo's report as ad mitted of the erection of yards for 500 addi tional sheep. Councillor Kerr seeondod the motion which was carried. Tho Town Clerk read the opinion of tho Standing Counsel for tha Corporation, on, tlio subject of Lhe debt repudiated by the District Council of Bourke, which said, that there was no doubt the Town Council would get a verdict, but he was of opinion that the District Council could not legally levy rates. In reference to this matter Councillor M'Combie roored, that the Council do now proceed to tbe consideration of tbe next order of. ibe day. Alderman Condcll seconded tbe motion. Councillor Smith moved as an amend ment, that the Town Clerk bo instructed to write the Wardun of the District Council with the opinion jgst read- Seconded by Councillor Armitstead — the amendment put aud lost' Councillor Kerr moved another amend ment — That instruction be given to the Town Solicitor to take proceedings for the .recovery of the inonpy in tbe Supreme Court. Seoonded by Councillor Arraitstead. Councillors M'Combie and Johnston here ppinted oat the absurdity of goiug into the Supreme Court for £25f with uo prospect of receivipg any satisfaction, cvunit a rerdicL were obtained. Alderman Coodell- Also protested -against such an absurd pro posal. Councillor Kerr'a araendracot was then ppt and lost, and the originaLmotlon carried. 1 Alderman Greeves as Chairman of the lyegislatlvie Committee moved that tho adoption ot the report recommending that Ilyo-Laiv No. 2!, intituled A Bye-i/avr to protect the Wharves and Patera of the Town of Melbourne free from obstructions and hindrance, be adopted. Seoonded by Councillor Armitstcad, and carried. Councillor Smith moved — That an ad dress he presented to Hib Kxcetiency tbe Governor,, praying HU Excelluocy to (Jaco upon the Estimates a sum for the erection of a Benevolent Aaylnm at Melbourne ; and further to request that His Ex cell uncv would be pleased to apportion a nieoo of land whereon to orect such nn institution,' and that His Honor the Superintendent .be soli - cited to recommend the prn&ent;, Application to the favorablo nolice-of His' Excellency. Seconded by Councillor M'Cofuhie and carried. Councillor Kerr moved — That the mom- ber for Molhnurne be requested to move in the Legislative Council for tho Corres pondence relative to llie Bot.iuiral Garden. The motion was agreed to. Councillor Anniutead && Chairman of llie Public Works Committee moved -That the Public Works' Committee take tho neces sary steps for the opening of Church-street, Councillor Murray seconded tho motion which was carried. The following is the letter referred to in the above report, which the Mayor received and ordered to bo read lo tho Council. Superintendent Office, Melbourne, 29tb May, IS48, , Sir, — I beg leave to acknowledge the re ceipt of your letter of the 27th instant, en- cloMognn Address from the Town Council to His Excellency the Governor, requesting that n sum of five thousand pounds (£51KX)) be placed on the K»ti mates for the ensuing year, for iiuproviug the free navigation of tlie River Varra Yarra. Tliis Addi-ess shall be duly transmit ted to tho Colonial Secretary for preson- ation. Itis uiy duty, hovever, to obsnrvo that the Tow n Council of Melbourne is perhaps not nware that even in older countries, where loug oUservaiion ni&y; lend facilities which Arc wanting in Port Phillip, experience hn nrnply shewn, tliat it i& hardly possible to exercise too groat a degree of care and caution in docidiQg upon tho precise manner iu which operations of the character specified in this Address should be conducted, seeing that such enterprises frequenter lead to nn undefined expenditure, and in many instances have failed to effect tho purposes intended. The Council may perhaps bo also indis posed to appreciate the obstacles which from local circumstances present themselves in the way ofcxecuting satisfactorily public works of any importance and magnitude in tim.se Colonies even when preliminary diffi culties have been to all appearance over come. Tlioy nevertheless exist nnd must be taken iuto consideration by the Executive Government, in making its Estimate of In suggesting the estimates for 1849, I have requested that such sums as I considered ' I might reasonably find opportunity lo ex pend judiciously in uid of the object in view I might be included ; reflecting that should | lha result of the prelimiuaiy aurvrv, which! in.iy iu the nicau time be effected, justify I suca measure, a farther appropriation might I be secured on tlio supplementary estimate j l fur 1H49. I see no reason at present to ' alter tho view which I have taken of the subject, and as the only result of such further appropriation as that urged by the address would iu all probability be, to nd.l a con siderable sum lo what tlio Town Council consider the " unappropriated balance," sup posed to exist to the credit of the Port Phil lip District, ami thu discredit of Lhe Execu tive Government. 1 have to regret that I must decline to re commend the application of tbe Town Council of Melbourne, to hn» Excellency's favourable attention. I have, &C.;, (Signed) C. J. Li Tuour. To His Worship the Mavor or Melbourne, a vtac. ff.xw. — a sad fatality appears to attend Informations laid by the Chief Constable, by far the majority of which are dismissed owing to soma fatal flaw, although it U only reasonable to suppose, particularly in c&sos; where it htiotfible tint a portion of the penalty may find iti way into the pneket. ot the informer, that the informations are prepared with all the rare which it is possi ble for the worthy chief to bostew upon thorn. On Eriday last, Miss Eliza Courtney a 'young lady of equestrian nolorit»tj% drove up to the police office io her carriage, and was shortly afterwards called upon to plead to an information which Mr. Sugdeu had Uid against her, charging her with having, on thn previous night, overstepped the bounds of moderation in tho liquid line, mulling use of roost unladylike language, end otherwise indecorously conduction herself. The young lady was defended by $r. Plais- to wo, wiio Buccoednd in quasliiug the affiir, owing to apol>iblu discrepancy belweao the summons and tlio inf urmalion. Miss Court ney bittorly complained of the "hmvy i.iion" niklnli thu Phl.\f Pai..LI. V. J her, and «k« arid l all booatise 1 told him bo was more fit for an old soldier than for a Chief Constable.' The yoong lady retired threatening the Chief Constable with legal firoceedinga for defamation of character, be laving in tlio course of the investigation applied soma remarks to her not calculated to create very bighopinion or her virtue. A Nakhow Eapipg rnou a NVatkkv Gkav#c. — A few days since, as Mr. Brans- grovo, formerly landlord of the Y'oong Queen, at IWcoeval, and Mr. Butler, liecosad rictualier, of the Plenty, woro pro ceeding on horseback towards the residence of tho latter, they wero in the act of cross ing the Darabin Crock, when Mr. Hrans- grove, who was alittlB behind, observed that Mr. Uutlcr was about to plunge into the identical hole In whioh poor Mr. Stewart was drowned soma tiiao back, and with great . Sresenco of mind oaught hold of the tail of fr. Butler's horse and prevented an acci dent which Another step towards the fatal spot muit iuevitably hare caused. A Paiwccss tff Tkottolx. — On Thars - day last, the police court was honored by the presonoe of a young lady, known in "tlie Princess," alias Mias Maria West, of considerable notoriety, but unfortunately not of an on rial ilo nature. The Princess, it appeared, had on the previona night par- taken of such a multiplicity ofnobblers,that she became as drunk as David's sow, mid whilst in this state, so far forgot her high position io society, as to make use of lan guage anything but fit for ears polite. Nor was this the worst part -of the business, for having dismissed tho Royal carriage. Her Highue&s; was proceeding to her palacs on foot, when eho Jell in a gutter, where she whS found half smothered, arid faintly arti culating her desire to pitch iotb all tho "sanguinary traps " in Her Mnjeflty's domi nions. An old adage says, if you talk of a certain old gentleman 60rao of liis clique immediately make their appearance, nd the proverb was roaiizod in Uie present Instance, lor snarcoly liad tho magical sound " trap," escaped tiie lady's lips, when ono of tha genus forthwith made his appearance, and took her to the watch house, where notwith standing the pretty predicament ehe was in, being in facL ao animated mud heap, she was confined till the following morning, when she purchased her freedom by pre senting "acrown"to Her Majesfy. Tun " Sophia." — Mr. Brodie sold tlio wreck of this vessel on Saturday, for five pounds, to Mr. Raleigh. PntvATF. iNvasTiaanoN. — Several of tiic District Magistrates wero engaged for some time on Saturday in investignting a cliargo preferred by Sei'goant BloOrnfield of the Dh-triot Polico. against Serjeant Allsworth and Constable Baylis of the District forco. W e p. ahort time bck alluded ie lhe case, which li Don investigation pro rod to bo a matter altogotiter of moomdiloe. Bloorefiold at tempted to shew that the parties whom he accused hadendfrivoured'to get up'cliBrgo ol felony against him rith a view to procure ' his dismissal from tho forco, but in this attempt he signally failed and the accused were honorably aeqoitlod. It Is nlso Hue lo nioomfield to state that ho acted under an entirely mistaken impression. The Liof.sbrd Victitau.k«8. — Several applications under the Licensed Victuallers Act will bo disposed of at the Police Court to-day, presuming, of whioh wo believe there is little doubt that a majority of t lie Li censed Justices can be obtained. There is ono application to which wo would particu larly direct tho attention of tho Bench, namely — that of Mr. Cavonagh's, for a house situated at the Eastern end of Lousdalo-t., opposite or nearly vo, to that for which Jeremiah Crow-ley at the late Uoeiising Ses sion attempted to obtain a license ; but was refused un the ground that the house was not sufficiently good j Crowley we under, stand has been very severe loser by this refusal, having advanced n considerable sum of inonev to the landlord of the premisrs tn enable inm to finish there by the required time, and it has been urged that Crowley is entitled to a preference, should the justices determine upon granting another licensu in tho locality, on the ground that ho was the prior applicant The man's character I it is admitted on nil hands is unexception- l nblc. and so we are bound to say, is that j of Mr. Cnvenagh, and os tlio neighbour- ! hood is a thickly populated and rapidly 1 increasing one, the claims of the applicants j might, wo think, be fairly root, by both ap- ' plications being granted. The above was writtoq for our preooding issue ; but press j of matter compelled us to postpone it. On I SuturdnvUst tlie Licensing Justices present j determined that no special application could i be entertained during tho existence of the I present licensing year, which would not ex. | pirc until the 1st July next, till which period i the sessions wore consequently posiponed. In reference to the case to which we have particularly alluded, Mr. James Smith said, that it was ridiculous to ask tho Bench to entertain a special application for a house not half-finished, in which condition tlie house WHS l or Minuti .»ir. vs tain n license, independent nf which it must be borne in mind that at thu annu.il licensing day ll»e Bench refusad to grant a license to n house in the samo locality, ou tlie ground tliat the premises wore not. s iflieienlly good : for tho purpose, ypt, they were quite equal J lo thoso for which Mr, CavcnogS sought J a license. The Fahce or the DieTnicT BgKcnRa. — 1 In a recent number, wo made some remarks I relative lo the sadly inefficient manner in whirl business was transacted nt the district benches, the committals being invHrinbly fo teeming with blunders, that if lhe parly i convicted have a few pounds in his pocket I upon his arrival in Melbourne he has nothing j to do but to scdI for an attorney, and his release upon hubea.3 is certain. T hursday j last produced two mora instances of l!io | truth of our obscrvalinrs when William j Risk, conniitted by tho Geeloug Bench for i Iruffieing in illicit spirits, was brought hoforo His Honor the Resident Judge upon kahetu ! Anil discharged ; also, a man named George I Kcllau, who had been committed by the i Grunge Bench for three months, under the Musters and Servants Act. Wo think we j should not be for wrong in staling tliat within tho last three months, one solicitor alone (we allude to Mr, Payntoi ) has pro cured the release of upwards of twenty parlies who had been committed by the District-Benches. LnVK tut NgtnilDOllR as TuVSEI.F. — So numerous have hecomo the. applications from all classes lo bind their neighbours to keep tee peace, from some real or imaginary fear of personal violence, that ono of our town magistrates on Tharsday last suggested the expediency of adopting a course which we seine ti ne since (jocularly, of course) re commended, namely, at tho commencement of each year to bind over tho whole com munity to keep the peace fir twelve mouths. Thi« suggestion of his Worship' arosn in ronsr>qui>nco of the relation of sumo misun derstandings which occurred between 8 uuo residents of that retired locality, turned after a fashionable' English watering placn — Brighton. Mrs. Anne Rigby cotnpla nod in thrilling ncconU tliat hor neighbour, Thos. Curloy .vi d his wifo, not satisfied witb call ing her everything but a lady, came in tho dead of the night, and chopping Lhehoup off hor water barrel, let out the contents, aud threatened to oerve her in a aimilar way. Mr. rayno : What T to cut your hoop off. Complainant : Noi, yor honor : but ho said I were a ugly surnmut, I don't like for tosayit yer hunoi', and that lic'J cut my head off, for I should look a deal bcitbcr widout it. The Bench very properly considered that whatever opinion Mr. Curley might enter tain of the lady'd poraooal attractions, lie had uo riht whatcierto apply such 'cutting' remarks, and the fair tidy having made the necessary affidavit, a summons was directed to Isiun again U the nccuied. Axornan Msi.xncholt Accidrnt nt Fire. —An accident of a serious naturo on- currod on Saturday rooming, to a lit tin boy about seven yeara of ago, the son of Mr. Nsylor, residing i»i Linsdalo-street. The poor little follow it appoari had come down sUir» in his night-drosd butwoeu even and eight o'clock iu tbo morning, and was warming b't nself by thn fire, when a iuark from the chimney unfortunately lignted upon liia night "dross, and he was quickly enveloped in tUm<. Mr. Gvorge S'iy« the landlord nf tiie St, George and Dragon Was tho first who was nlir njd by tho ortos of the little follow, and he with %vezl pre sence of mlad ripped tlio wadding from a cape belonging lo Mri. Say, which Ub dip ped in oil aud applied Lo (ho burst parte. Mr. Naylor had by this time nrrirod, arid bco'amp severely burnt in the htud and wrist in ripping off tbe bunting portions of tho ; poor child's clothes. Wo regret to learn 1 tliat the little sufforor has been so severely ; burnt, tliat serious double are entertained as to his recovery. To prevent accident of this nature, iihich oectir in a momont, and are toj geu orally attended by fatal ©float, i we would suggest tlie propriety of the adop tion of the nursery fanners or fire-guards iu families where there or youngster. . We have lately observed articles of this descrip tion of colonial manufacture, which are , oxtro.mely effective, preventing tlie possi bility of tho smailest spark beiu£ emitted. Tub Pout Ppn.up Chbistiah Hbbalp. — This excellent periodical goes on pros perously. Tbe June number which has just appeared, is varied and Interesting, the only drawback to Its usefulness is tliat it is too much devoted to tlio interest of one aeoL However, as it is not intempcratdy written, we do not kuow that it is much worse of this, aud it is well worthy of a jierusal. rrroniutios wrrn a Vbwoeakck — On Frldav Isst nn application, which created soma amuaeinont, was made to tho Mayor, bv a young woman not possessing any very considerable personal attractions, who, after informing his Worship tliat alio had for a period ofveara been loading a very naughty life, wild, that she had at last made up iior mind to reform and return to the path of virtue. ' Srrgonnt SUplcton \ our Mortfiip, In stead of leading the life of a common pros titute she's going into the bush to live with man— that's the reformation. Applicant — Don't you believe him, your Worship, I'm going to be n. lawful married 'oman, and what I want is a Rurnmons against Bill Sullivan, where l'vo been living, who slicks to niv box 'cos I owes him n few bob, and is wev'd at my leading D now life. In answer to quostious from tho Mayor, it turned out that tho hippy man Wot wos to be would have advanced the ueciwsary nmonnt with nil the pleasure in life, but was unfortunately hard up, His Worship re- marked that the course of true love ucfer , did run smooth, and declined io interfere in the matter, referring the applicant lo the Court of requests for her remedy. Tub DnrKcTtvp: Fokcr. — A subscription hxK hern started by the licensed rictinllnra, wltieli uo have no doubt will be liberally responded to, for tlie purpose of prcscutiug to the members nf the Detective Force soinc mark of their approval oT the unerasing and suoeiAsful exertions of this small, but most ; efficient force for tlio suppression aud detec tion of crime. ANOTHER HIGHWAY ROBBERY. — On Thursday night last, at about nine o'clock, one of the arrivals per Sir Thomas Arbuth- not, in proceeding homewards, towards Richmond, was knocked down by three fel- lows, and robbed of about thirteen shillings in silver. The poor fellow, who was seri- ously maltreated, expresses his firm convic- tion that the parties who attacked him were shipmates, and is reluctant to afford any information which may lead lo their detec- tion. Ma. MnastiN's BrvrFir. — This gentle man will take his Benefit this evening at the Queen's Theatre, and we trust ho will receive a liberal share of public support. Wqpi-rceivn that upon this occasion, Mr. Hambleton (the lending actor, now in the District.) iutenJa sustaining souie faiorito characters. Cataiuul— Our contemporery the Gff- lonp Advertiser has alr.rrnod the colony by stating tiint the Legislature of Van Die- men s Lanu would pass an net prohibiting .the importation of sheep into that culony from Port Phillip. Wv hope the solous of the neighbouring colony will do no .such foolish tiling, ii< the catarrh has in a great measure disappeared from this District, and will not re. appear for boreo time, nd our Van D/cmon's I .and neiglibnurs must have our mutton, and they shall rccoive it iu prime o?der. Tne Comn CnnoMci,r. — Wo perceive by the last nu nber of litis journal, thai it has , changed hai Is, and it nnpesra to have ira- prnved considerably unner its new editor. We hope it n ill bo oonducted in a lieccunbig rnnnnnr, and havu lilllc doubt it will get its share of support. llonsp. SrrsT.iN'0 nxTRxonuTKAnr. -a livery stable keeper in town applied to (he Sitting Magistrate, Charles rayne, Esq., for advice under the following circum stances : The applicant stated that on Uie IStli May last, a rrsjiectable looking roan who stated that his name was Moore, came to him and hired ahorse for ono day, for which ho paid, atating that be wo going out as faros the Deep Creek ; he had however not returned, and it hndrince been ascertained that iinmodiatoly upon starting from town he had taken tbe Sydney Read instead of tliat to the Deep Crock, and from tbe des cription which tlio applicant had just ro- celved nfnman on horseback who boil cros sed tbe punt nt the Goulbourn, he had no doubt It wns the same party who had bor rowed tlie horso from Mm, particularly as the description both of horse and man «- actlv tallied. Mr. /'ayne observed tiut this method of horse stealing was becoming very cnruiuon, and lie should ba glad to see some mrasurei adopted to suppnesa it ; if thn ap- pliuanl, were flisnosed to mqke aii affidavit tint Moore, a he called himself, had stolen tho horoo, ho would then issue a warrant against hltn, but oluerwise he did not sec iioyy be could intorfurc iu tho matter Tlie applicant appeared (o have somo scruples ab.iut making tha necessary affidavit, and retired to consider whut cour.»e he hud uuder the circunwtances better adopt. Mil. Limn-:,— a letter extructed frotn the Port PUillip Pafriof, written in relation to the paragraph which appeared a wock or inn uu ail IIIU 4 Ult '141 (Lp (/gae, |D0I|- tinnlng tho convooing of a pro re nata meeting of tho Prntiiytory ia Melbourne, is inserted in another column of this number. . Unless the editor of tho G izette had luid the very best authority for his statement he ought not to have inserted the paragraph, If such meeting is hoi I, the G trrrfa is in no way lohlareo — Portlatui Guardian. \ SVa ran infnrm our contemporary that the "meeting did take place, hut reporter were not admitted. Since that time we liavo not heard the result of the meeting. As bo our fining to blame,— wo beliere Ihpre wore only two or threo ovor sensitive persons who took that absurd notion into their head. Wo doem it onr public duty to notice all such moorings En. P. P. G.J Tux Bketmbrn of tfip MrsTio Tir. — -One of the sailors belonging to tiio ill-fated TAfffi happened tob? a member of the Man chester Unity Lodge of the Aneiont and Tlo'iorabl? Fraternity of Odd Fellows, and tliough personally unknown to the mein- boraol tholoJgelioro, having taken hia de- proes in Sydney, the foot of his being an Odd Fellow had no sooner become known than ample supplios or everything which the poor follow required poured In from all quarters, indopendent of which ho ha« been preaentod with a mm of money, fully oqul. v&lant; to the vntuo of hli lots by the wreck o thn ill-fated vesol. WMUt upon (his subject, distressing as it may bo, we caonot in common juitioo to tlie capteln of the ves sel rofrain from paying just tribute to tho coDloess arid courage which from eye -wit nesses wo learn wis displayed by him ortbe melanoholv occasion ; the sailors ad- re it- that but for the Captain Intrepidity tlie nrobabil ty is that every soul on uoard would havu fiocu lost. TriK Muiior.a at tiir FrRmtEca.— In reference to litis manor the Gteloog At her- tUer ha tbe following— 1 "The account we copied from tho Garette respecting an al-. iegod murder at Hurnblnk, was, we have asocrtainod, incorrect A goutlomao from the Pyrenees ioformi us that the ecoosfid acted entirely in defence of his life jmd bis luastor's property." Wo may state that wo havosuena letter from another party a set tier in tho distriot, whoio version of the story difibra but little from that of our first correspondent, wiio was almost an eye-wit ness of the occurrence. We fear great crolcisnos5 has boon displayed io this affair, but we shall not coadomn any one unheard. A wosr Pnoniarot's ArrKTirn. — Were tho ghosts of the homed boasts slaughtered in Blolbourno during the past month for tho pyiiposoof satisfying the appetites of.tbex beef-eaters, to lie sumnmned to appear, n nice little herd of 6ix hundred and seventy- threo would present lliomselves, as Bppoars by the statistical return of the Inspector of. slaughter houses. Messrs. Hoffman, Kirk, Stoke, nnd Crossley, have fioenthe largest slftuglitcrers. Dmanxccrui, PnocsmiTKOR. — Wo Lavo been requested by several of tbe inhabitants of Little Collin.o-strect, to draw the atten tion of the constabulary to proceedings of r disgraceful nature which aro almost of hourly occurrence in that locality, and which have really become a most intolera ble and dangerous nuisance. A lot of horse doalors have latterly takes up thnir abode not a hundred miles from Die Hlsok Bov, public house, and their principal omusemont appears to bo to plpoe the fires of passers by in as much jeopnrdy as possible, by fu riously galloping through tlio street, and making tio distinction between tho path end poad way. Informations against the of fenders will bo quickly lodged, unless tbey mend their manners, Drar as a Post — Upon an information being exhibited on Thursday against an Irish gentleman one Mr. Patrick Cunning ham for driving hia horse and carton thej foot path contrary to tho provisions of the Town's Police Act, the eldest son of that individual presented himself, and staled that his father ueing an.oxile of hearing, or in other words as deaf as a post, it would be useloss for him to attend to Jufar their Worships decision, — and his son and lirir hail therefore determined upon standing in his fathers shoes. The Chh f Constable h/rid that the loss of one faculty gcnernl'y had the effect of sharpening another, and such ap peared to bo tiie case in the present instance, for if the old gentleman wore deaf he cer tainly had not lost his Bjiocch, as when re monstrated with by lhe conatablrs At whose instigation tbe present Information was laid for driving his cart on tho footway, lie set to Bad 41 argufied" tho point in a highly dictatorial stylo and culling language, not oT tlie choicest description. The charge being substantiated, was visited with the lowest pomrity of five shillings, and a similar amount of costa. Disoiim.-kvih. distunnanrn inthk Thca- rnr.. — On Saturday morning, Councillor Smith, tho proprietor of the Queen's Theatre, appeared at the police court, for the pur- nose of preferring charge Bgainst Mr. Ricbnrd Batters, the tinsmith, of Collins- Mruni. air. onnii sunco nine on uio prcvi- ons night there woro a number of persons creating a disturbance in the theatre, am njgst tlio foremost of whom was the defen dant, who in addition to creating a distur bance, was making use of tho most filthy ond j obscene language. Mr. Smith produced thu license for Ilia theatre, granted to him by the Colonial Secretary, which bound Join (Mr, Smith), to preserve p(nod oider during the performances, and with a view in do so, he went before the curtain nnd announced that tlie blackguards who were creating tho ) disturbance had bolter go out, and they should have their money returned to them. - Major St. John — Then if Batters had gone J out, lie would have acknowledged himself to. be a blackguard -iT you had 6 aid " tJioso pentlemen who wish tngo out can," he might have done so. (Laughter) Mr. Smith— I could not call any parties gentlemen wlio could behave in so black guard a manner. Haiters'ts language was nf the most filthy description, and he croutualiy left the theatre, and I tiion gavn the door keeper instructions not to re-admit him. Ho howerer shortly returned Again, nnd upon being refused admission, ihroolenodtho door keeper, and pushing his way in again, repeated tho disgraceful conduct of which he had previously been jjuilty. If aucb pro ceedings are oot put a stop to, I ahall be uuder the disagreeable necessity of closing the theatre, far il is impostihlo that I can expect any respectable person to viit thu theatre. I may state that in Svdney tho Magiatrates visit such offences with a fine of five |K)imds, nnd at the sama time hind tha parties over to fie of good bohavipur. Sergeant King, and Ashley, of the Detec tive Force, into whose custody Batters had been given, proved the uproarious conduct of the dofondant, win plaood Inrnvlf in a fighting Attitude, called tho audience h — rs and tli b (>erforuicrs b — dy muffs, and iutvr- ruplod the amusamonta. Qlintou, the cheque takor, aUo nrove that ahliough tho money which the defendant luid paid was offered to film tie refused to tatco it. and wl»«n Clinton rcfuxed to give him a cheque, Batters placed himself in a fighting altitude, and threatened to strike him. One of tlie printed regulations posted up in tlie theatre was thntnny person using obscene language would be iminediAtely removed. ' t Ignorance of tbe regulations as he's an an cient Thespian lumsulf. Tho bench enquired of the Clerk of the Bench if Butlers had ever been hound over to keep the peace before, as ovldeucQ upon this point mlglit osUbllsh 1ii9 fame.' Mr. 1 Belcher replied that he liad, and a similar enquiry was then ciade of Mr. Sogdon, who stated that Butters had once been bound over, but it was a foog timo ago. Batters— I did no mora than oxpreu my dissatisfaction at thn performers, i tiaro not committed mysolfin pay way. Major St. John. — Then if you think bo. it's all the rooro necessary to bind' you oror to be of good behaviour. It has been ad mitted by vour own CounwU (Mr. Bowler) tliat vour language was very objectionable. The Bench ultimately determined in binding Batters over In hla own reoogniEanao to bo of good behaviour, for tlx mouths. 