THE TURF. WINDSOR SEPTEMBER BYE RACES. Tlie stirring scenes of the chase called forth by the visit of Mr.' Fitzroy and his hounds to Windsor, having aroused the dormant ener- gies of our sportsmen, and the latent mettle of their high bred steeds, il was deemed a tit op- portunity for enabling these neck or nothing heroes of the hog skin to display their fearless fencing, and rapid riding, on a more safe anil less chequered arena of contention. laking this view of the subject, and unwilling .to lose sight of the smiling faces, assembled to enjoy the pleasures of the Agricultural exhibition, mine host of the Plough and his frienJs re- solved upon having a few bye races' on the day following the " fair." fluman nature has always delighted in excite- ment ; nor will positive danger to life and limb deter true votaries oi sport, from displaying their courage and skill in deeds of daring equestrianism. Emulation also, is a powerful incentive to thc mind of man ; and whether tho prize proposed be a glorious laurel wreath, a simple saddle, or the more evanescent breath of popular applause, candidates will allays be found to contest the possession of it. So it is,and so it has ever been, from that distant era, now dimly seen through the long vista of bye-gone ages ; andonly known to our degenerate days, by the immortal verse of Homer, when thc heroes and demi-gods of old Ci reece, assembled at the instance of the invul- nerable Achilles, to pay divine honors to the shade of his friend, the ill-fated, button pre- sumptuous Patruclus; when the King of Kings', illustrious Agammenon himself, did not disdain to enter his horse for the plate, at a chariot race. The avidity with' which the warlike youths of Argos contested the palm upon the course at Elis, in presence of assembled thou- sands during the Olympic Gaines; and the arduur with which the myriads of Rome crowded the Coliseum, to applaud the efforts of the con- tending equestrians, are well known to every ona read in the records of those renowntd times. But, neither the A'chaian avengers of fair Helen's inconstancy, or the iron- clad conquerors of old Rome, ever knew half the soul stirring delight which animates the breast of a sportsman in these latter days, when urging Iiis willing steed tb the utmost of his ability, he scours.over a well appointed race-course, proudly flying, over each leap in his career, until amid the deafening cheers of the assembled spectators in admiration of his prowess, he is hailed victor in the strife, and seul to receive the reward of his skill and courage', amid the brightest smiles of the most lovely features, that ever inspired a conqueror, or cheered a hero to superhuman exertions. These being the animating incentives which now-a-da) g iii pil Australian riders' tb the field' of daring, turn we to the'event which incited the above preliminary remarks-a description of the HURDLE RACE. TutfasDAY, SEPTEMBEII 14TR. 1ST,RACE.-A very superior Hog Skin Sad- dle, valued at six guineas, with a Sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, for all horses, carrying lOst. Tibs. each. Heats once round, over 3 leaps, 3 feet 6 inches high. Mr. G. Guest's b. h. Comet, aged (Cul- len).... 1 1 Mr. M'Quade's br. h. Repealer, aged (Mehearty). 2 2 Mr. Windred's b.h. Railroad. dr. ' Precisely at 12 o'clock Repealer and Comet were brought to the post. Railroad, a very beautiful horse, to whom the Agricultural As- sociation's best silver medal was accorded the day previous, as being the best 3 year old colo- nial colt exhibited, was drawn in consequence of a slight injury he had received in the knee, while following Mr. Fitzroy't hounds. The event therefore lay between Repealer and Comet, and on the usual signal being given by the Judge, Mr. William Durham, Repealer took tire lead at a slapping pace, to the first fence, closely waited upon by the bay ; on ar- riving at which, whether from the wish of the rider, or the inclination of the animal, depo- nent knowetb not. a full stop was put to his hitherto progressive career, while the rider of Comet, taking advantage of the mishap, pitched into his tinning rosinante, and ch ared the ob- stacle in gallant style ; continuing to mend the pace to the second leap, where, alas, he was doomed to the like disaster with his competitor. In the meantime Mehearty having managed to get the Irishman over the fence, and coming up at a temendous bat, topped the second like a greyhound, when the rider of Comet again forced his fiery charger to tho timber, ami by thc aid of hand and heeU, and with a shout suf- ficient to animate a troop of Spanish cavalry to the charge, cleared it at a bound, collared lieppaler within a few yards of the first fence, which they topped nearly together, and after a severe struggle up the distance, succeeded in landing him at the »¡shed for goal, a winner by about five lengths. Time, 2m. 27secs. 2nd Heat-Mr. Cullen on Comet, again adopttd the waiting system, Repealer leading over the first and tecotid fences, when the bay put on steam, overtaking R-pealer at the foot of the hill; neck and neck was tba order of the racing till within 50 or 60 yards of the last leap, when the veteran rider of old Repealer finding him- self driven to a folorn hope, adupt>d his usual neck-or-nothing motto, dropped into his seat, and by the frequent application of one of Skin- ner's best whalebones, prevented the possibility of a baulk, whatever probability there may have been of .a burster. However, we are happy to say he passed the rubicon in safety, closely followed by the patriotic O'Brianite, and eventually won the race by two lengths. REMARKS.-It ii but just to say that Repealer was admirably ridden by Mehearty, but owing to some little roguery practised at the scales, which were not brought to the course, it was after- wards ascertained that he was only riding Ost. Dibs., while Comet carried 61b more than the stipulated weight. This barrier to fair play and honest racing, cannot be too strongly depreca- ted, and we shall at all times deem il our duty, for the honor of the Australian turf to pub lically expose ali parties implicated in such dis- honest and disreputable practices, even though the prizes be of ever such minor importance. This being the grand struggle of the day, the ridei s and their friends on its conclusion re- paired to the sheller of Mr. Allen's hospitium - where they endeavoured to repair the drainage occasioned to their systems, by recourse to those creative 'comforts, which, though scarcely ever alluded to in heroic writing, are not Uss neces- sary-since all the world knows " Theatric heroes-Gods-and Ghosts must die." Luncheon over, the course again claimed their attention, where two or three minor prizes were decided in good style-which, wound up the fes- tivities of the week at Windsor. 