JHfercTIimtmid. Accident to ITer Majesty's Ship Flamer. — Ah accident which might have been attended with serious consequences, occurred on board the Flamer, on her voyage to Malta from Corfu. — Whilst the men wore cugaged at general quart ers, an awful report was heard from the engine- room, succeeded by two others, lite engines were immediately stopped, and the vessel brought to tlie wind. It" was then ascertained that the connecting-rod of thestarboard engine had broken in the lower joint, and the end of it (the con necting-rod) had broken through tlie top of tlie air-pump cover, also injured otic of tlie valves ; the disabled engine was immediately disconnect ed, and tlie ship proceeded with one engiuo to Santos and Patras ; at tlie latter place tho known defects were made good in about three hours, tlie engines were then tried, when it was found that tlie piston was cracked, and having no spare one on board she was obliged to proceed with one engine to Malta. Tho sea was very rough at the time, and to tlie ability of tlie officers, and the promptness with which their orders wero obeyed, may be attributed tho safety of the _ vessel. A German Magistrate. — An extraordinary circumstanco occurred at a recent sitting of one of tho courts of justice at Ulm, in Wirtemburg. A peasant, named Louis Radstecher, of the village ' of Ruthethel, was about to be tried for having killed another peasant of the same village. In | answer to the question of tlie presiding judge, lie I energetically denied his guilt. The judge told him that lie iiad confessed it before tiic examining magistrate, when lie said that lie had done so on account of lite mortal torture to which the ex amining magistrate had subjectedHiini. ' This magistrate,' he went on to say, 'threw in my face tlie hands of the murdered man, which had been cut ofF his corpse. lie also showed me two ribs of the corpse, and said that if f did not avow the crime of which 1 was accused tlie dead man would appear at night before my bod. and would ! say to me, ' Louis, Louis ! restore me the life you : have taken?' The magistrate then asked him if | I believed in ghosts, and, on my answering in the affirmative, told me that a great number of them would come and drag me to hell if I did not confess ! Terrified at these threats, I confess ed all tliat.lie wanted, and afterwards signed my confession V The examining magistrate was im mediately summoned before the court, and as lie admitted that he had employed the means of in timidation stated by the prisoner, the court de- : clarerl the examination null and void, and post poned the case for three months. It then nd- f ilr<\--e<l to flii> Minister of Justice a renort of the conduct of the examining magistrate. — Galiy- ; nani. 