LATEST FROM ENGLAND. By way of the Mauritius we have English news about one day later than that by the Constance:— Commerce was dull, failures continued, Messrs, Shaw and Co. had failed for a large sum; it is stated that Messrs. Cockerell's estate will not pay more than 4s in the pound—more failures are expected. Sir Thomas Brancker was insolvent. The published return of the Bank of England displays a great decrease in circulation. Two immense houses, fladden and Sons, and Leys, Mason and Co., of London and Aberdeen were bankrupt. May 23rd—We this dav learn, by advices from America, that on the 14th ultimo the white inhabitants of Cuba were in hourly anticipation of a general insurrection among the negroes. Sir H. Bulwer, the English ambassador at the Court of Spiin, had received his passports to leave Madrid. The Emperor of Austria had fled his dominions. Vienna was in a state of anarchy. AUSTRIA.—The Vienna Gazette of 25th April, says: —An address of the English residents at Vienna to the Austrians has excited the deepest emotion among all classes of our capital, and has confirmed the lively sympathy ever prevalent among the educated classes of our country for the noble Biitons, those first borasons of fieedom among th* great nations of Europe. The universal joy which this warm and honorable acknowledgment of our services during the events of the last momentous week excited, was greatly increased by the fact which we cannot conceal from ourselves, that the English constitution, with its conservative fundamental pillars, its inviolable attachment to the Royal dynasty, a»d the gradual silent development ot public affairs in a legitimate manner, ought to he our model and shall be kept in view as worthy of our imitation in the new constitutional arrangements of our empire. Therefore we cordially grasp the hand of friendship which has bjen held out by you, ye brave strangers of the mighty sea-girt empire, and return our heartfelt thanks that you have led the way to help us to enter upon the hitherto antrodden path of our newly achieved liberty, and to encourage us with your profound experience as burghers of a glorious land, which in these stormy times has stood firm and unshaken, and deem us worthy of your all-important approbation. W e can " not at the same time refrain from expressing our admiration at the political constitution" of Great Britain. Once more our cordial thanks are due to yon, ye noble eons of England, who were the first to break silence, and to hold out the right hand of fellowship. May these first tides of the unfettered press of Austria penetrate to your blessed island, that secured pi ice of legitimate liberty ; and may it bring to your fellow countrymen the happy intelligence that millions of men dwelling on the banks of the Danube, who for ages had been condemned to silence, had their tongue. , COMMERCE —"We are glad to be able to report a much better state of feeling in the English money market than at any time since the commencement oF the late disturbances in Prance. The apprehension of war; of the threatened outbreak of the ultra- Repealers in Ireland ; and of a drain on our Banks for specie, has gradually subsided; and, although not altogether removed, the present prospect of political affairs* is considered so far favorable that the funds have gradually increased in firmness, and are now higher than they have been seen at any period since the French Revolution in February. The causes for this may be briefly stated. The commercial .panic of last year, while it shook every department of trade to its loun» dation, cleared away nearly all those hoiuses of doubtful character whose extravagant system of credit operated most injuriously on all who were connected with them. The removal of those firms has given a greater stability to the several branches of trade in which they were engaged, and has placed business altogether on a better footing. The panic being over, a reaction naturally commenced, and in consequence of the favorable prospect of the harvest, the accumuiationof specie by the Bank, and absence of speculation, monetary and commercial affairs would by this time have been in a most satisfactory condition; hut for the uncertainty arising from, the political relations of L the Continent, Some few weeks since, war, was con* sidered inevitable, hut the pacific declarations of those who were thought most likely to have a desire to thejdieasters which inevitably attend on national hoStilities be avoided. If. this should turn out correct,, we hare every prospect before us of great commercial prosperity. The demand for our manufactures is increasing, and although the present orders -for goods are limited, yet the complete exhaustion of the stocks on hand must induce general activity in every branch of manufacture, while the present low rates of discounts and the accumulation ot specie in the Bank of England ensure an easy condition of the money market for some time to come.—-Atlas, May 24th. THE C< HOAX" •» LORD BROUGHAM.—The story trumped up in a French journal of the second magnitude, the Patrie, that Lord Brougham had asked to be naturalized is without the slightest foundation. That the public may be better l»id into error, a pretended correspondence was imagined between the noble Lord and Mr Crimieux, Provisional Miuister of Justice. Although we find no positive contradicion to the report, the following extracts will be sufficient to prove it is manufactured. Tho Marquis of Lans downe in reply to a speech of Lord Brougham said :— that in a paper of this morning he had seen a statement that his noble and learned friend had applied to the French Provisional Government to be naturalized as a French citizen and that many other English peers intended-to follow his example (loud laughter.)- The National in commenting on Lord Brougham's speech also makes the following ironical remark;— What a pity he (Lord Brougham) has not realised the intention attributed to him by some mad way of getting himself naturalised and becoming a candidate for the National Assembly. The Journal des D&bats; men'ions the affair as a "hoax" on the public. Ma MITCHEI X>S STIJMNING ELOQUENCE.—That a jast idea may be formed of the leader ot the rabble in Dmltn, we give a specimen of his eloquence and if such men as thess are to be the future rulers of the Irish - Republic, God help it.—The following is an extract from a letter by him addressed to Lord Clarendon .—As; for me. my lord, your lordship's humble correspondent do not believe I am mad ; I am merely possessed with a rebellious spirit; and think I have a mission—to bear a hand in the final destruction of die bloody old British Empire ; the greedy, carnivorous old monster that has lain so long, like a load, upon the heart and limbs ot England, and drank the b ood and sacked the marrow from the bones of Ireland. Against that Empire of hell a thousand ghosts of my slaughtered countrymen shrink nightly for vengeance! vengeance I And heaven bas heard it. That bucaneering flag that has braved a thousand years the battle and the breeze* flies now from a ship in distress ; the charybdis of chartism roars under her lee—the breakers of Kepeal,are ahead and the curses of the world sweil the hurricane that rages round her, pirate and blood stained slaver that she is, .filled with dead men's bones and with alt uncleauness. Her tiuib-rs are shivering at last—-she will never float in harbour more. On the day she goes to pieces all the ends of the earth will • give three eheers." 