BRITISH EXTRACTS. THE WAY IN WHICH FRENCH WINE IS MADE. —M. Lalande, secretary to the Free Trade Asso- ciation of Bordeaux, communicates, in last Satur- day's Economist, the following :—" Wine is made in a very simple and cheap manner. I shall men- tion the simplest, which, by many persons, is also considered the best. When the grapes are ripe they are gathered, and placed, either with or without the stalks, in large vats, where they fer- ment during a few days (from eight to fifteen). At the end of that period, and when a great fer- mentation has taken place and ceased, the wine is entirely in the lower part of the vat; the other parts of the grape are at the top of it. The wine is drawn from the vats and placed in casks. There it must be allowed to remain for some time without being disturbed. After three or four months have elapsed, even before very often, immense quantities begin to be consumed by the working classes in this country, and by far the greater proportion of a year's growth is thus consumed during the twelve following months. But wines to be con- sumed by the middle and rich classes, must be kept in cellars for several years (from three to six years) in casks, and require no other care than to be drawn once or twice a year from the casks, in order to separate the wine from the dregs. When by such a simple process, and after a certain time, wine has become sufficiently old, it is drawn from the casks and put in bottles. The longer even French wine remains in the bottle, contrary to a common opinion entertained in England, the better it is. Its quality is thereby improved to an ex- traordinary degree." A MISCHIEVOUS GHOST IN LONDON.—The whole of the neighbourhood of Black Lion Lane, Bays- water, is ringing with the extraordinary occur- rences that have recently happened in the house of a Mr. Williams, in the Moscow Road, and which bear a strong resemblance to the celebrated Stockwell ghost affair in 1772. The house is in- habited by Mr. and Mrs. Williams, a grown-up son and daughter, and a little girl between ten and eleven years of age. On the first day, the family, who are remarkable for their piety, were startled all at once by a mysterious movement among the things in the sitting-rooms and kit- chen, and other parts of the house. At one time, without any visible agency, one of the jugs came off the hook over the dresser, and was broken ; then followed another, and next day another. A China teapot, with the tea just made in it, and placed on the mantel-piece, whisked off on to the floor, and was immediately smashed. A pewter one, which had been substituted immediately after, did the same ; and when put on the table, was seen to hop about as if bewitched, and was actually held down while the tea was made for Mr. Williams' breakfast before leaving for his place of business. When for a time all had been quiet, off came from its place on the wall, a picture in a heavy gilt frame, and fell to the floor without being broken. All was now amazement and terror, for the old people are very superstitious, and ascribing it to a supernatural agency, the other pictures were removed, and stowed away on the floor. But the spirit of locomotion was not to be arrested. Jugs and plates continued at intervals to quit their posts, and skip off their hooks and shelves into ihe middle of the room as though they were in- spired by the magic flute; and at supper, when the little girl's mug was filled with beer, the mug slided off the table on to the floor. Three times it was replenished and replaced, and three times it moved off again. It would be tedious to relate the fantastic tricks which have been played upon household articles of every kind. An Egyptian vase jumped off the table when no soul was near, and was smashed. The tea-kettle popped off the fire into the grate as Mr. Williams had filled the teapot, which fell off the chimney-piece. Candle- sticks, after a dance on the table, flew off, and or- naments, from the shelves and cap-boxes flew about in the oddest manner imaginable. A looking- glass hopped off a dressing-table, followed by combs and brushes and several bottles ; and a great pincushion has been remarkably conspi- cuous for its incessant jigs from one part to ano- ther. The little girl, who is a Spaniard, and under the care of Mr. and Mrs. Williams, is supposed by their friends, to be the cause of it all, however extraordinary it may seem in one of her age; but up to the present time it continues a mystery, and the modus operandi is invisible.—Morning Post. WOMEN OF FASHION.— To tell medical men of a " Woman of Fashion" is almost at once to point out to them a subject of nervous disease. Society is full of women made in this way physically unfit for the duties it expects from them ; and who, as women, mothers and citizens, are worse than use- less to the world's progress. If we note the varied forms of hysteria, hypochondria, and lunacy— laughing and crying by turns, faintings, and risings in the throat, difficult respiration, a de- moniac sort of corporeal possession, extreme weakness and irritability of every organ, exag- gerated sensibility, exalted imagination, unstable resolution and character, excitement, melancholy ennui, satiety, restlessness, spleen—such, the every day phenomena of fashionable society, can be traced in clear consequence of cause and effect, to the peculiar course of life that has been followed, and which has annihilated those qualities which give vigour to the muscles, or healthy energy to the brain.—Medical Times. DARING INTREPIDITY.—" And so, Glennan," said the magistrate one morning to his crack and favourite officer (a fellow who added to the step and spring of the ounce the indagacity of the blood hound), "you have your eye on the re- ward?" Aye, sir," answered Glennan, quietly laping down the proclamation, of which he had been conning every letter, "I have." "Um," muttered his superior aside, " success will shelve him for life :—and failure" (shuddering), "——, anyhow, I lose my best officer. Hark ye, Glen- nan, no nonsense and no rashness. I suppose you know all?" "All, sir—the house, the customs, everything." " You're aware that he sleeps in a low-roofed, three-cornered garret, con- nected with the bed room of his paramour by a step ladder and a secret door in her apartment ; that a well-trained bull-dog is, his bed-fellow ; that his pistols are always loaded, and that his enormous size and stature give him a fearful ad- vantage over you in such a confined space." " Just so," said Glennan, calmly, I've arranged all." "Well," said the magistrate, " I'll guar- antee the reward, for nothing can be done without you. Attend me here to-morrow, punctually at seven—good night." And careworn was the brow, troubled the repose, of the active-minded man on that night. The morning was cold, foggy, and drizzly. It was a day that sank into your very marrow—such a day as makes early rising almost cease to be a virtue. The hour has barely struck, yet the magistiate is already in the police-office, instructing four well-armed and picked officials. " But where is Glennan ? " The enquiry was sternly repeated. " Please, your worship," said the turnkey, " Mr. Glennan had a flash supper this morning with a lady, at the Salutation and Cat. He told me to tell your worship that he meant to sleep at 3A, River Lane, and that you would find him there in the morning, and all right and tight." '" Forward instantly," said the alarmed magistrate, " that fellow does nothing by halves ; he has either made a spoon or spoilt a horn." The interested officers moved on with alacrity to the house. Bounding up several flights of stairs, they reached a room, whose fair inmate was unconscious of their noise, from the deep—no doubt well secured—slumber, or rather stupor. The secret door is left open, the ladder ascended, and on the truckle bed lay the stunned robber, handcuffed and otherwise secured. On the floor lay the powerful bull-dog quite dead, and Glennan calm, as if preparing for action, stood with a cocked pistol pointed at the head of his captive. "Much obliged, sir, for your care. I expected no less from your humanity ; but I take you to witness that nothing remains to be done." " Convey the prisoner steadily down stairs," said the magistrate to the four officers. "And I," said Glennan, " will carry the dog." "Now, Glennan," said the magistrate, "satisfy my curiosity. The details of your plan, your management, and your struggle ?" "I spare you, sir, the elegancies of my evening's amusement, and my supper, or of the very old wine that deepened the morning's slumbers of the lady whom you could not disturb. Well, sir, taking off my coat and shoes, and wholly unarmed, I opened the secret door, leaving it ajar to guide you, and climbed the ladder. The door I knew opened inwardly, and right upon his bedside. With one effort I burst the door, and threw myself upon him, as he slept heavily, taking care that my hands should light as I fell upon his pistols, whose exact position I knew. As I raised them, I felt the teeth of the dog in my left leg. A moment's delay to cock the pistol. The sleeper's hand was grasping my throat. I swayed my body round and shot the dog, then grasping my empty pistol by the muzzle, I struck the man a violent blow on the temple with the full of my arm. I lost not a moment in handcuffing and binding him, and cocked the other pistol, to place my captive beyond a doubt. The dog I shall have stuffed,"—From unpublished Memoirs of the late Sir Richard Birnie. POSTAGE.—The Gazette contains a warrant directing certain reductions and alterations in the rates of postage between this country and its colonies, establishing a local post at Hongkong, &c.; It is ordered that on every letter not exceed- ing half an ounce in weight, transmitted by packet between the islands of Martinique and Guada- loupe, and also between those islands and British North Ameiica and the West Indies (not for- warded through the United Kingdom), there shall be charged a uniform rate of fourpence. A local rate of one penny is also ordered on letters trans- mitted through the post between any two places in the island of Hongkong, in the Chinese sea. Progressive rates to be charged on such letters as exceed the above-named weight. The local rates already fixed for letters passing between the various British dependencies east of the Red Sea, the Cape of Good Hope, the Mauritius, the Phillip- pines, the Moluccas, Australia, and New Zealand (namely, one shilling per half ounce), are not to be charged in addition upon letters transmitted between the United Kingdom and the above places.—Newspapers conveyed between the United Kingdom and the dependencies to be charged in future a uniform rate of 1d. each, in addition to any rate of transit postage payable in respect of such newspaper, so far as the same shall be for- warded by land through Egypt or any other foreign country.—Newspaper conveyed by post to any British colony in the Mediterranean and China, and the Philippines, are to be charged a uniform rate of 2d. sea postage, irrespective of any land postage to which they may be subjected. —Pamphlets and publications printed in the United Kingdom to be transmitted thence to the above-named places at a penny per ounce, up to sixteen ounces, which is the limit.—Rates on letters addressed to officers, warrant and non- commissioned officers, and seamen and privates in her Majesty's service in India and in the East India Company's service are to remain as before ; but in the case of letters directed to officers in the United Kingdom, who may have removed from the place to which they are addressed to any place beyond seas, the additional postage is to be charged to the place of destination. All ship- masters or others belonging to private vessels shall give up on demand every sealed letter they have to the postmaster at Hongkong or other port at which they may be demanded, under a penalty, in default, of £5 for each letter concealed. The warrant to come into operation on the 1st of January, 1848.—Times. THE NEW PLANET HORA.—This following com- munication, from M. Encke, appears in the Allge- meine Preussische Zeitung of October 28:— That estimable astronomer, Mr. Hind, of London, discovered a new planet on the 18th of October, in the observatory of Mr. Bishop, in the Regent's Park, which he recognised as such, because the star was not marked on the excellent chart of Pro- fessor Knorre, in Nicolajew (Academical Celestial Chart, Hora 4), and because, moreover, the region of the heaven, intimately familiar to him from his own investigations, had not previously denoted any star at that precise point. He was so sure of his discovery that he published it to the world after an observation of only four hours. The dis- covery of the planet (a star of the magnitude) is somewhat difficult just at present, because the peculiar nature of the planet can only be recog- nised with any degree of certainty from its motion during a certain number of hours, and the planet, on the 25th of October, only moved at the rate of one minute per diem, or thereabouts. With the assistance, of Professor Knorre's chart, it will be possible to discover the new celestial visitant—as it was speedily discovered in this city (Berlin) on the 24th by Dr. Galle—if the position of the planet, as ascertained by the meridian observation taken in this city on the 27th (76 deg. 2 min. right ascension, and 13 deg. 56 min. northern declination), be adopted and a daily retrograde motion for the next few days of from one to two minutes of right ascension, and a decrease of northern declination to the extent of one minute daily, be assumed." 