A-.Reply to a Pamphlet, entitled " IS O'CONNELL IN P URGATOR Y ?"' or, an Incoritrovertible Defence of the TRUTH OF PURGATORY. By H. M. TURLEY. Printed and published at Manchester, England. Dear Sir,-.I take. the liberty of addressing you, not in a feeling of enmity, but,in the spirit of Christian charity;, for the purpose of giving you an outline as to what Catholicity really is, and what it really is not, inasmuch as it is concerned in your pamphlet; so that you may have an opportunity of beholding in a clear light, the miserable peculiarity of your position, as it regards 'your apparently proficient knowledgeof Catholic dogmas. I was not a little as tonished when I first saw the heading of:your pamphlet, knowing, as I well do, something of that exemplary character, Ireland's Li berator, who has. recently departed. from among us. I know full well that his labours in ,the cause of truth and,justice are too well' known to require anything from me on that head. I am, moreover, perfectly aware of the paramount utility of his services, to hisiown: and to this country, in irradiating and directing:tlie intellectof the peasant, and counselling the proud mind'6f tlhe statisiinari I ?1l, however, let this subside, and come at once to notice: thefitmirnisjc pmrit of your pamphlet. It has ever been my dispositior liitlititoo to suffer such calumnious productions to pass away ubrinticed ; but` as this has met with such extensive circulation, and as the credulity: Sof the people has been so grossly imposedb on thereby, I deem it discreet to step fortli as a. Catholic and as a philanthropist, to' show to you and others of your bre'hren, the antiquity and Scriptural. character of that tenet of our Church, Purgatory, on which'you display so much ignorance. But with regard't tihe first portion'of 'yoir pamphlet which may be considered worthy of notice, 'con cerning O'Connell being in heaven : you take a few words from a letter of Doctor Miley's, and as though you were fraught tfo an enormous degree with malignity against the Catholic Church; you endeavour to imply a complete falsehood- namely, that the reverend gentlemen stated absolutely and unconditionally that the soul of O'Connell was in heaven ; a greater calumny than this was never issued by any man, for it is well known the Doctor made use of no' *such terms, neither did he imply any such sense. Nevertheless, to refute more fully this your calumny, I will give the words of Doctor Miley, which seem to form the pivot of your attack, as you give them, so that a discerning public may be sufficiently prepared-to adjudicate deliberately and impartially on the incongruous conclu sion you have drawn from the same words. Doctor Miley speaks as follows :-" The worst has befallen us :the Liberator--the father of his country-the glory and the wonder of Christendom--is dead I •Dead I No, 1 should say rather O'Connell is in heaven! His death was bhappy; he received in the. most fervent sentiments the last rites, and up to the last sighlwas surtounded by every onsola \--tion provided by our holy religion."'. SNow, sir, con:empate:: your' position,:and blush with shame for the sacrifice you have ,made' of your own reputation as a man of .candour. -I need nidot'fuitler exhibit your inconsistency 'respecting the comment you!have. iadi on thlie Doctor's words, for it would be a waste of time,;as they areerfictly' plain,:and shfficiently compre ;r prehcrnsible,-Io:any.m o ` f i . :' tlimost ?sdperficial capacity,' You 'further continue--;Yewe are'told he (O'Connell),is in Purgatory, ~aiplace:whichal; me call the borders of hell, and some the world of theadamned;'?, .,Sir, .as i'mt ofbfcommon honesty, you ought tao know somethling of thle pridciple you' fain. would,cssail,-and if, 'you -know anything, you ought to know that the Catholic Clhrchli never did, does not, nor never will pretend to,tell absobltely where theisobul "?f'-this .or 'that respective_ per.son, goes to: after death.' "Tis 'trtue slie teaches., that some of the faitliful w~ dep?i, from tlis life go ini?nediately-to heaven, and that others are'detained'in a temporary -state' of punishment, which state she is pleased':to call "Purga tory :" nevertheless, she-teaches also:that'no"man knoweth whether? he be worthy of love or hatred.- Therefore, as a tender mother so licitous for the spiritual welfare of, her progeny, she prays for the souls of the faithful departed, the propriety of which I shall endea vour hereafter to prove. I may here observe, she does not teach her children to believe that Purgatory is the borders of hell, neither has she defined it to be the world of the damned ; such technicalities she utterly disclaims and repudiates ; she demands her children to believe in a middle state of souls, or a temporary state of purgation after death, call it, -sir, wliat you please.. You observe also that O'Connell received the last rites of his church, and you discover that he has been prayed .for, hence you conclude that there can be no certainty in such rites. Pray, sir, is there certainty in the rites of your church as to the salvation of the person who receives them P L am inclined to think you, will say, No, for if the Church to which you belong can afford no certainty as to her faith, then as a necessary consequence she can afford no certainty as to salvation, though you have the au dacity to raise your head and say there is no Purgatory. Notwith standing your incolierency in this respect, you ask, when will O'Connell be released from Purgatory P I might meet the question by askinfg you, from whom did you ascertain that he really was there P Your language, sir, is truly expressive of the misrepre sentation of Catholic principles, which your votaries invariably make for the purpose of casting odium on the Catholic church, creating discontentment in society, and restraining an inquiring multitude from making the necessary researches after truth, which should be made by every man of candour, of honesty, and of re ligion. You continue further, and you'say, " The whole affair of Purgatory is a bad one, no one knows who made it; it was made by the Church of Rome." Plausible debator !. Proficient logician ! No one knows, say you, who made it, and yet it was made by the Church of Rome. Here, sir, your callous bigotry betrays you into a blundering labyrinth, you knew not what you were doing, you forgot what you were saying, and what is more ridiculous, your subtle confederates are so inebriated by the delicious dose of fatuity, that they, imperceptibly no doubt, give unbounded circulation to the notorious blunder. You again assert with regard, to Pur gatory, " That ::the souls therein detained are relieved only by Masses." -From Whom, let me ask, did you receive this information P Or to'whom are you indebted for this strange and singular doctrine P I may' ask and ask again, but your dastardly impertinence will precludeyou from giving the answer, though it is really obvious. ,?Yu received this calumny, this abuse of truth, this Anti-Catholic Information from those mercenary hirelings of your Cliurdl, itinerant emissaries of faction who infest this kingdom with their No Poliery piety, for their own sinister and lucrative purposes, and who revel in their sphere of luxury to the moral detrimnent of the'poor,'for whose use and services they receive their enormous and'unmerited stipends. Behold those followers of idle ness, those pests to society; standing aloof, and refusing to attend the sick and destitute,'for fear of carrying home the contagion to their wives and families', And it is they who call tliemselves Ministers of the Reformed Protestant Church, and who thereby boast of- the legality of thei 'ordination, and well they may, when the gullibility of their hearers.is stich as to cause its victims to swallow without demur the greatest imaginable absurdities, when they are known to savour of Popery, . But-I must not digress frcm my position ; in anrother portion of tlee sanme paragraph you say, " The Priest?. aimong ;tlhimselve& ~.however, are not sure that O'Connell is:in Puirgatory:;'" true,;they are'not. neither are they sure he is in heaven, therefore it Is on' account cf the want of that certainty they pray for his spiritual 'repose. "No doubt you will call this sort of praying, superstition, but you must observe that SE.' Paul requested the prayers of some of those to whom he wrote, nevertheless they w?.ere not sure that he would be benifitted by their praying, for they had not absolute certainty that their prayers were valid, consequently they weie not certain that their prayers were acceptable. You con clude the paragraph by attempting to show a disagreement between Dr. Miley and his congregation respecting the repose of O'Connell, and how do you establish this P You say that the congregation prayed for O'Conel:f; you forget to say the Doctor prayed for him, and by this (you romission) you establish the disagreement. But stay, honest reasoner, and with your radient glasses take a glance at your sable mantlejof deformity, and apologize to the world for the presented mask under which you hide your ulcerated parts, and let me infdrm you that Doctor Miley did pray, and he is praying in cessahtly for' the eternal repose.of the soul of O'Connell. In the siuljseqkient paragraph to.the one just noticed, you ask, by way of "destrbying· the existence of Purgatory, " What can be sufficient to pay to the uttermost'farthing if the death of Christ be not P" I nkuuit again:remind you of your ignorance of Catholicism ; you must understand, sir, that it is not consonant with the nature nor spirit of' the Catholic Church to invalidate the death of Christ. She not only attaches 'infinite importance to it, but she holds (the doctrine)-that one drop of his blood would have been sufficient to have cancelled the sins of hundreds of thousands of worlds, and that the salvation of man depends wholly and entirely on the merits of Christ; nevertheless she teaches also that he demands our co operation with his'divine law, and that it is owing to the degree of 'our co-operation whether his merits, which are infinite, are applied to us in a more or less abundant manner, I may here remark that if there be any force in the above quotation from your pamphlet against the existence of Purgatory, it is equally powerful against the existence of hell, for if the death of Christ pay to the utter most.farthing to the destruction of Purgatory, then the utterniost farthing is paid also to the destruction of. hell. You will now per ceive the result of' your torturing scripture. The unlearned anti unstable, says St. Peter, wrest the scripture to their own perdition. Again in the same paragraph you say, "As soon as he .(Luther) understood the bible he left Rome; he rejoiced in the new light that now:shone upon his rmind." Without being too critical as to the rectitude of your language, let us for a single moment notice Luther's extensive knowledge of the bible. It is well known to every man who knows anything of history, that if ever Luther under stood.the bible it was during the time he was a papist, this his con duct shall prove. Did he not, after leaving his monastery, preach the most abominable doctrines a depraved mind could generate ? Did he not teach that the plain and natural sense of scripture should be oppositely understood, and that the scriptural abomination of virtue was an abomination of vice ? In a word, did he not corrupt, mutilate, and reject many parts of the Bible, and' call the Epistle of St. James no better than straw? Read his German and other writ ings for the ratification of this, If this, then,'does not prove his total ignorance of the Bible, I know not what does. Yes, he also rejoiced in the new light that now shone upon his' mind, when he says,:' Men are now more revengeful, covetous, and licentious than they were even In the papacy.'"_Postil. super. Evang, Dom. 1, ady". -I-think. therfore, s oi ~wyb ill• nci'r again be so overseen as to boast of Luther understanding the Bible, ln the last paragraph-of. your pamphlet you say,; " The Bishops are iat issue %espectming !ls (O'Co.ne ll'ci) .reppse,. and that Drs M*Hale'"and&.Miley-. are:at variance,!:'. p, sir, In the name of r religion, are you not ashamed of, such calumny and- vile slander ? But how do you exculpate yourself ? Do you :give a single sen tence, a single clause, or a single word by way of proving that these gentlemen are not agreed respecting the repose of O'Connell's soul. Not one, though like the scorpiorn emitting. his venom, you attempt to asperse the Religion you never could annihilate. Had you informed your mind with autlhentic information previous'to writing your t slanderous pamphlet, you woffld have learned that the Bishops, not excepting Drs. M'Hale and Miley, with the whole Catholic Church, dispersed as it is throughout the universe, were, and are perfectly agreed in one and the same sentiment respecting O'Connell's repose. Therefore, let me intreat of you, worthy sir, to give to your Protes tant brethern, that to which they are justly entitled- namely, an apology for insulting their understandings and imposing on their gullibility, by presuming they would receive such nonsense, such untenable statements. .The only portion of your pamphlet I have now occasion to notice, is your concluding words-" Purgatory itself has no existence, but in the ill-directed and gloomy imagin ation of such as have given blind obedience to man, and have turned their back on the revelation of God." Pray, charitable sir, how will you be able to account for this want of knowledge (this your ignor ance) respecting the Catholic Church, as to the justification of yotir puny attack upon her spotless character. She is the Church who has for ages withstood the pungent wand of persecution, laid waste and made void the machinations of those (her enemies) who had-frequently formed the perilous precipkie in which they predicted site. would. ultimately terminate her existence. But her divine Founder was her Guardian and Patron, who in 'variably conducted her through the sanguine vale of repeated tur. moil, and destroyed the barriers that stood in the way of her progress to the summit on which she now exhibits the imbecility of her vicious assailants.. Now to the primary point. as to the existence of Purgatory. Having in my foregoing remarks defined it to be a middle state of souls who have departed this life, I shall now endeavour to prove that the belief of it as an article of faith perfectly agrees with the Old and New Testaments, with sound reason, and incontrovertibly with the invariable practice of the true believers of remote antiquity. To be pointed as well as brief in my proof, allow me to refer you to the belief of the Jews on this head antei ior to the christian dispensation. We find that they then believed, have since Sbelieved, and do now believe in a middle state of souls who have de i parted this life, for the repose of whom they constantly pray. In corroboration of this we find in the 2nd of Maccabees, 12th chap., that Judas Maccaboeus, the, valiant commander, collects and sends to Jerusalem twelve thousand drachmas of silver for sacrifice to be offered for the sins of the dead. " It is therefore," says this passage, " a holy and wholesome thought to pray for the dead, that they may be loosed from their sins." But, sir, you will perhaps be inclined to reject this book ; yet, you must bear in mind that the Catholic Church who wrote the scriptures, who retains them, and who vouches for them, has alone settled the canon of scripture, and it is, sun who proclaims the canonicity of this book. Moreover, in the earliest ages of christianity ue find the holy fathers invariably quoting the Maccabees, as well as other scriptures ; read their writings, and you find St. Clement, the learned Origen, St. Cyprian, St. Jerome, &c.;, repeatedly doing so. If, then, as I hlave clearly proved, the Jews constantly believed in a middle state of souls, such a belief cannot he termed novel or I unscriptural, because our Divine Saviour, when he appeared on earth, would have denounced the belief, and declaimed against the -practice of praying;for the dead, and his apostles would have re corded his dentnciation... But did -he or his apostles do so P De cidedly not, ard this you well know. As a further proof of the truth of Purgatory, observe the following passage :--"Thou also by the blood of thy Testament hast sent forth the prisoners out of the pit wherein is no water." Zich., 9 chapter, 11 verse. What prison is this, to which the inspired writer here alludes P It cannot be hell ; for out of hell there is no redemption, neither is there any release for those who are detained therein. And I am inclined to presume you will not say that the prison here spoken of is heaven, the mansion of ineffable joy and pure delight, from which its inha bitants seek no release. The only and necessary- inference is, that there must be a niddle state ; and this is the prison out of which the prisoners were sent. To come now to the New Testament: What do you learn from the following passages of St. Paul P " Every man's work shall ibe manifest, for the day of the Lord shall declare it, because it shall be revealed in fire, and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. If any man's work abide which he bath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward. If any man's work burn, he shall sutffer loss ; but he himself shall be saved, yet so as by fire."--1 Cor. 3 chap. You cannot, sir, distort the language so as to say that the fire here spoken of, by which some, according to the text, shall be saved, is the fire of hell, or its infernal vapours. The fire of hell is not fire unto salvation, but unto eternal punishment. We read also in the sacred volume that " Whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of Man, it shall be forgiven him ; but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, netheir in this world nor the world to come."-Matt. 12 chap. What can be mere explicit or comprehensible than that some sins are forgiven even in the world to come, and where is this place P You cannot say it is hell, for I defy you to say there is remission of guilt in that awful abode. You dare not say it is heaven, that sanctified state of incomprehensible delight, where nothing impure can exist. There fore it must be that intermediate state which we call Purgatory. Pause here, sir, and dispassionately contemplate the power and cogency of your discernment in contradicting this doctrine. The Scripture, teaches, moreover, that the just man falls seven times. Now, sir, if the just man to whom allusion is here made, should die under the guilt of having fallen seven- times, which is very probable, to what place shall lie go after death P Remember, he must not go to Ihell, for according to the passage he is a just man. He cannot go to heaven, because he is somewhat defiled, having to a certain degree fallen from his altitude of perfection; consequently there must unquestionably be a place of purgation after death. As another proof of Purgatory, from many others too numerous for me to quote, we find in the Gospel according to St John, ",That no man hath ascended into heaven before our divine Saviopr."--Johln, 3 chap, 13 verse. In what place, then, were alll thel just souls who died brfore Christ's ascension into heaven P Thr?y were not surely in hell, neither can you say they were in heaven, unless you contradict this portion of Scripture. The only natural conclusion is, they were in a middle state, or in that paison of which Saint Peter makes mention, when he says, " Chlrist also died- once :for our sins, the just for the unjust, that he might offier us to- God, being put to death ipdeed in the flesh, but enhivened in th e-sjirit s in which alfo coming he preached to those spirits that were in prigon. ,.--1 Peter, 3 chap. This singlepasage, if aniothi~r could not be found, evidently proves the truth of Purgatory, boyo"iil je poweer bf all equivocation. Again, the Scripture informs us thatohnolig'dileed can enter heaven, and tlat. we are to be. held.accoxotal| ici~every idle word we utitter. If, therefore, one sing le woo4rlvl (c' amn a soul to punishment eternal, pray, sir;Wlowh illo w rnll ed'i'~Or, how can we be actuated by a firm hope of ever enjoyin" lih rojposed beatitude P The be liefof Purgatory is so comprehensible,.so credible, and so intrinsi cally~ortliodox, that a denial of it would argue, not only a want of knowledge, but a want of instinct, or common discernment. We, as christians, who believe in the infinite attributes of our munificient creator, consider and peremptorily believe that it is truly compati ble with His divine nature to judge all men according to their works,. and to reward them in the same proportion. Therefore, we cannot wed ourselves to the idea that an individual, whose life has been a scene of uninterrupted piety, whose charitable arm has allayed the pernicious- ravages of hunger, and whose christian fortitude re paid insult with kindness, that such an individual, who in the hour of death told a frivolous lie, as to the degree of his sufferings, for the purpose of affording composure of mind to a loving parent, we can not, I say, as christians, believe that an individual of this sort, dying in this state, would be placed in one and the same category with the midnight assassin, the murderer of defenceless innocence, or with the man whose crimes are so atrocious and innumerable that they cry to heaven for',vengeance. 'Certainly not; if this should be the case the mind of man would become inverted, reason would leave the ascendant, an'd nature itself would revolt. But we have a rr.ore consistent idea of the nature of, divine justice.-Yes, though papists, we know full well that as the belief of a hell is truly rational, the belief of Purgatory, or a temorary-state of punishment, cannot with any propriety of language be said to be less rational ; and this will be obvious to every candid mind. Having proved to you that the belief of a middle state is more ancient than christianity itself, and that it was the belief of the church in the apostolic age, suffer me now to give you a few quotations respecting this belief of Purgatory, from some of those who lived near or about tlat time, and who consequently are better judges of apostolical tradition than our evangelical reformers of the sixteenth century. Tertullian, the famous champion of the christian religion, who lived in the second age, says, in his book, De Corona Militis, " We make yearly obla tions for the dead." St. Clement in the same age tells us, St. Peter taught them to pray for the dead and give alms for them :" Epist. 1 de St. Petro. St. Cyprian. who also lived in the third age teaches that the belief of Purgatory. was the doctrine of the church in his time:' Ep. 52, adv. Anton. In the fourth age St Ambrose, St Jerome, and St. Cyril teach the same thing. These are but a few from number less other proofs which might be adduced did space permit, repecting what was the belief of the church in those times. All history bears testimony to the fact, that the doctrine of Purgatory was the belief of the church of Christ in all ages ever since her institution. If this be not the case, and if the belief of Purgatory be an inno vation in religion-pray, sir, where was it introduced P At what time was it introduced P And by whom P Moreover, where was the church of Christ, which according to the Scripture, should be governed by the spirit of truth to the consummation of the world P Where was she ! that she opposed not the innovation P She ! that was to condemn every tongue resisting her judgment. Can there be a history found in any part of the world, a page, or even a clause that will prove the doctrine of Purgatory to bean innovation P Not a single one, The pages of history sleep, and record not the cir cumstance. How then, worthy sir, will you be able to account for the writing of your slanderous tract P You will now perceive I have fully proved that which I undertook-namely, that the doctrine of Purgatory, as an article of faith, perfectly agrees with Scripture, with sound reason, and with the true believers of remote antiquity. You will perceive, also, I have given evidence for all I have stated ; ,I have made use of no chimeras or untenable statements. I have endeavoured to'simplify what I have wr itten in such a manner that the most illiterate might understand me. I trust, therefore, you will perceive the weakness of your railery against the Catholic Church, and the incaherency of your attempt to tarnish her spotless character; for as St. Paul says, she'is" The Pillar and the ground of Truth." 