MR. COCHRANS DEMONSTRA- TION. (From the Plymouth Herald, April 2<è.) ' ABOUT 11 o'clock on Monday morning, thc peaceful precincts of Leicester-square i were invaded by an immense van, which, on its tirst appearance caused some asto- nishment and a good deal of amusement among the staid inhabitants of that rather demure vicinity, lt was constructed after the model of those huge advertising ma- chines hy which new daily papers and M. Jiillien's bah masqués are proclaimed to the world, and which Sir Peter Laurie some time ago ineffectually struggled to " put down" as a public nuisance. On the sides and back of this unwieldy fabric were painted, or rather daubed, a variety of scenes, all of them painful, and one most disgusting and indecent, which were evidently intended to represent realities, but which it is to he hoped, must have been gross exaggerations of the truth. Exnlanatorv placards at the top of the van announced "these to be " Poor"Law Illus., trations." Prom Illili nearly! o'clock tr'v demonstration van was kept inov"ng roo Leicester-square for the purpose ot rftil, 1 ing a crowd ; but the day..»>'ac^ wet and disagreeable, and V¿r wa persons, who after a time rCne were kept constantly in motio4-oJ'ectei1 police, While this useful bojT hy the cupied outside in reqitesting/fdy.was oe to "pass on," Mr. Cochran!; al1 loiterer! w-ith some friends in .th|$e was waiting Poor Man's Guardian |$ .office of the ceived a visit from Kupe/:^°c'elyi he re ford, who, on behalf ojyinteudent Bews missioners, informed'hp' the Police Corn van might go down 'Jiim that he and his hut that no processio' to the Home-office, he permitted. Ats'n of any kind would arrived, the hour if length one o'clock proceeding with 70,appointed by him for (according to hts -,',000 or 80,003 people sent to the Home" announcement) to pre a memorial agaf' Secretary at Whitehall that time barelypnst the Poor-law. At of them yduiif *.30t) people, the majority more or leis al, g thieves, and all bearing pearance of n'.rongly about them the ap sembled in tjiisery. and vice, had as cheers of this ¿he square. Amidst the with three oV vile rabble, Mr. Cochrane, open carriag;''ther gentlemen, entered aa the van, pror è, which, closely followed hy Paulon-strei-ceeded at a snail's pace along to follow, jH. The crowd made a tush closed the ,^httt a strong body of police them, andjjentrance of the street against thiough pj< all their attempts to break Some of tl/roved comoletelv unavailing. use th' ir ttje constables were obliged to tlie rabble^runcheons, and one or two of in cousec// had their polls well " punched" Cochranf-^uence. In the mean time Mr. funeral with the van, proceeded at a I down the-pace along Panton-street, arid ' Ap he.pa.4 Haymarket into Cockspur-street; three or^sed along, attended only by some with gr¿í four reporters, he was saluted, " specialyans and hisses, not'only from keepers s*s" in the street, but from house dows, anwtationed at their first floor win make ansi where the passers-by did not mcnts,thiy open display of their senti silence. rey displayed a most discouraging ceedingl*? The scene at this point was ex possible,1y ludicrous, and the effect was, if which th1* heightened by the eagerness with ledged tHje discomfitted gentleman acknow cabinen.|ie ha'.f-drunken cheers of some now eyt-at the Opera Colonnade. It was once Jxpected that he would proceed at hut irralong Charing-cross to Whitehall ; thfv^nst'ad of doing so, he doubled round corner of the Union Club, and, «Tmoving round the square, , drew up his carriage, at last, on the centre terrace, and directly opposite the National Gallery.. Here a crowd of 200 or 250 people, many of whom, however, were special constables, gathered around him. Standing up, he proceeded to ad- dress them. He said, " Fellow-country- men-The Government has taken alarm at the demonstration which I was de- sirous of making against the New Poor Law. The police authorities have issued instructions that the people should not he permitted to assemble in this square or any of the neighbouring streets. These instructions are so issued thatthe govern- ment can and will make it appear that they have the law on their side. I there- fore-" Here the thread of Mr. Cochrane's speech was cut short by the charge of a section of the A division, who came rushing forward, truncheon in hand, to disperse the crowd. They scattered like sheep in every direction. Mr. Cochrane, carriage, and van, were ordered at once to " move on." In doing so, his horses were run against by a cab, and it was found necessary to unharness them. Toe ran ia the tn eui time wasvbli^edtaprooeeion itswaj, ant] having bien lost sight of, wi sup-1 posed to have been taken away t"the! Green Yard." This, however, vi not so, although, being once separate from Mr. Cochrane's party, the unwiel ma- chine was,not able to resume thjeon néxion. Inspector May complaild of his deviating from the direct rt|e to Whitehall by making the round oiTra falgar-square, and Mr. Cochrane! half frightened and half angry at the pdtion Ki which he found himself, began o put himself into different attitudes and j threWped that he would report J the ¡ Police Commissioners the conduct o?some of the offers about him. The iorses having been.again properly put ti, the carriage proceded towards Chfing cross. At the\eneral Post Offics the crowd again colled, and therf the truncheons of the pcJîCe were oncelmore applied pretty vigoroV^y |0 the heads and shoulders of all wlio v0uld nottaove on. A strong body of tin A division formed across the roadwayMessrs, Drummond's Bank, and finally'C^ effec. tually prevented any processio^'Jong Whitehall. When Mr, Col^e therefore, alighted at the Home 0»7c*e there was not more than fifty pcjpj, around his carriage, and these were rr¡n cipally boys. ile did not remain it (jj, office more than a minute, and left evj dently much mollified that Sir G. tjre. was not there to receive him and hi, jc putation. When he asked for Çjr G Grey, he was told that he was absentf a" would not be back for half an hoUj, 'rh memorial was therefore left " w;tn soni servant or officer," and Mr. Coc1rane ; he stepped into his carriage rera^ed | his friends, " I think 1 had fetter { home now." In that advice l«ev vet prudently concurred, and thus ei.Q¿'a Mr. j Cochrane's intended demonstration aga¡nst the Poor-laws. He has had the lMer¡t 0f I adding a new feature to the rou^ne 0f Hasler amusements, and if the city of Westminster has little reason to feel uroud of its late candidate, it is some sati{sfac.. tion to think that the cause of humanity to the poor is not likely to suffervInjUry from the extravagance and fo,\\\y of pro- ceedings which recoil only,on the head of their originator. , -"' Tim PRATER F0R,M.¿7^HThe follow- ing is the form -ici.'-'prayer . to Almighty God, for the ma -;tcnance Qf peace and tranquillity, j" ^l. uswi before the Gene- ral Thanksgï ^ngi and on four Sundays in all churc'neg aud chapels in England and Waleami in thetown of Beiwick uPon"^veed : - " O God, whose neve! failing providence ordereth all thing! boll^m heaven and earth; we, Thin* ".'iworthy servants most humbly beseecl Mhee to continue thy favour to this land and to preserve us alike from foreign enemies and domestic divisions. We ac- knowledge, O Lord, that if Thou wert to deal with us after our sins, or reward us according to our iniquities, we might most justly have fallen under Thy wrath and indignation. For in our prosperity we have too much forgotten Thee ; other lords besides Thee have had dominion over , us j we have offended against thy holy laws and have not glorified Thee, in whose hand our breath is, and whose are all our ways. Thou hast said in thy Holy Word, that when Thy judgments are upon the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness ; and now we beseech Thee so to incline the hearts of the people of this land that they bear one another's burdens and follow the things that make for peace, and have love one towards another. And do Thou, Lord, of Thy great piercy, restore to us such prosperity ; that we may not sow much and bring in little, but that Thou mayest bless us in whatsoever we set our hand unto ¡ and that our people may eat their own bread with quietness. Above all, teach us so to acknowledge Thee, the Author and Giver of all good, that we may live iii Thy faith and fear, setting our affections on things above, and seeking first Thy heavenly kingdom, through Jesus Christ our Lord j to whom, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, be honour and glory, world I without end. Amen." INSTALLATION OF Da. HAMPDEN. - HEIIE FOiiD, THUIISDAY. - This day having been fixed for the installation of the Right Rev. Dr. Renn DicksonHampdcn, D.D., recently con- secrated to the Bishopric of Hereford, tho city was all animation from an carly hour in the morning. Shortly before ten o'clock tho mayor and corporation, with other gentlemen, as- sembled nt the Guildhall. The clergy having assembled in the College hall, a spacious build- ing adjacent to tho cathedral, at a quarter be- fore eleven, tho processions moved from: their respective places to tho cathedral. The bishop arrived shortly before cloven, and was received by the reverend canon Musgrave, arid tho reverend canon Morgan, and several of the pre- bendaries, by whom he was conducted to his pew. His lordship was accompanied by the Rev. W. Hayward Cox, B.D., vice- principal bf St. Mary's hal), and rector of St. Martin's, Oxford, and the Rev. G. Clarke, M.A., vicar of Carnley, Yorkshire, his lordship's examining chaplains ; also by John Burder, Esq., of Parliament-street, London ; .and Thomas Evans, Esq., of the Close, Hereford, his lord- ship's secretaries ; Rev. J. H. M. Luxmore, M.A., registrar ; and other officials. Divine service having been concluded, thc chapter walked in procession, being preceded by tho hebdomodary (the Rev. W. P. Musgrave), to the Ladye chapel, only tho clergy passing the barrier which set apart tho space appointed for theinstallative proceedings.! The Rev. Canon Musgrave took the chair, it^having been inti- mated that tho Dean of Hereford (Dr. Mere- wether) would not bo prosont,. Th« President then said-" Reverend brethren, the letters mandatory having been read,' is it your plea- sure tltnt wc should proceed ' according to thc force, form, and effect thereof) if so you will signify the same by holding up your hands. [At this stage of the proceedings a document was handed to the President, vrhich we were informed was a protest from the dean, but whether it was so or not we could not posi- tively ascertain.] The chapter hiving signified their assent in the way prescribed, tho remain- ing ceremonial usual on such occasions was proceeded with. Dr. Hampden will hold his first general ordination on Trinity S unday. IMPOUTANT DECISION.-A slavot belonging to Louis Alme Pigneyguy was \ yesterday declared to be free, in consequence!of having been taken to France.-Kew Orleans] Picayune of thc \0th.-This is in accordance iJyith deci- sions which have frequently been rriade here and with which the south has never been satisfied. If a slave be brought by lita master voluntarily into this st ile, his shackles fall off at once. Slavery cannot exist hero for a moment. And it is so with every free) state, and with every country where slavery^ is not recognised. The decision in New OVleans j goes further, however, than our decisions have «ono or can go. It establishes an impen-tant fact, that the freedom which the sluve'ithus acquires, by the Voluntary act of his matter, shall avail him permanently ; and that if he, of his own choice, shall afterwards return SD a slave state, he shall not again be «ubjeci toj t»»mds.gE.-Wrmwscñft, \ * 