THE COURIER. HOBART TOWN i SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY 22, 1848. streets it prospers. THE last act in the judge-killing drama enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor and Executive Council was quite in unison with the preceding parts of this most remarkable conspiracy. We have, in the first act the removal of Mr. Montagu, ostensibly upon the ground of a private complaint preferred against him. r Upon this subject not one word was said. The people concluded that the decision of the Governor and Council was really founded upon the merits of the private complaint. But when they named That embarrassment was one of the offences alleged against Mr. Montagu, and that his successor was Mr. Horne, they smiled. The one they said was eccentric, but the other they knew to be grave. Gradually the plot unfolded itself; for no sooner was Mr. Montagu removed, than in act the second (Sunday and New Year's Day intervening) the Executive Council proceeded to business. They went about it in a plain practical way, without scruple or circumlocution. They said-" We have got rid of one judge- will that answer our purpose ? We have done the deed under cover of a moral mantle. We have composed it so as to leave no trace or suspicion of motive behind. Mr. Montagu has died a natural death ; there is not a distorted feature in his case; all looks calm and tranquil. We have put another judge in his place upon whom we can depend." It was whispered, however, by the still crying leeches of place, that the issue of the actions might yet be doubtful- the opinions of the judges being divided. Forthwith they proposed the famous questions to the Registrar of the Supreme Court. The answers are not satisfactory. What is to be done ? Remove the Chief Justice is the resolve frighten him into taking leave of absence charge him with usurping a power over the legislature and embarrassing the Government. " Cilius dicto," it is no sooner said than done. The Chief Justice would not take leave of absence. " Heap more charges on his head" is the cry. " Off with his head " Suddenly the people are startled to a sense of the danger with which they are threatened. The questions to the registrar become public, and reveal the plot. Audacious public I how dare they know any thing about it? There are spies and myrmidons at every corner, and a press to aid in creating a reign of terror. Audacious public ! why did you not take the ghost's word for it that all was right why did you not allow Sir John Pedder to be sacrificed ? This strain would not suit the temper of the times. People became uneasy. The independence of the judges gone, and the mere creatures of authority substituted in their room, where was the security to the public against individual oppression and injustice ? Simultaneously, the press in the interest and under the control of the faction that sought to make the Government and the independence of the bench subservient to their own schemes of political ambition, private revenge, or personal fraud, proclaimed the " awfulness" of the times when the acts of Government could be freely canvassed, as a sort of feeler and " preliminary step to further proceedings." A reign of terror was to he introduced. The Advertiser was set at work in this popular (if the people did but only know it!) crusade against the liberties of the country. Nevertheless, it did not answer : the public faith and feeling were strong. The resentment was deep and universal. The people met; they discussed the outrage ; they agreed to address the Throne for protection. There were rumours of a design on the part of the Executive to put down the public meeting constitutionally and peaceably convened. The convict constabulary was first thought of ; but then there was almost a perfect certainty of their being thrashed. Colonel Hulme would have dispersed the meeting if he got an order. There was the rub. Who was to give the order? The Governor? Blood might have flowed. The law would have pronounced it to be MURDER. The native hue of resolution was thus sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought. Some other expedient must be resorted to. intimidation, mingled with cajolery, was to be tried. A meeting of the committee for taking measures for holding the public meeting was held at the Union Hotel. There were about twenty gentlemen present, when Mr. Gregson, who had been hovering on the outskirts, at the invitation of one or two gentlemen present, made his appearance. The irregularity was passed over ; the ambassador was enrolled as a member of the committee He asked-" What was before the meeting ? There was nothing before the meeting; they had nothing to proceed upon ; better delay all proceedings for some time, until they had more certain ground to proceed upon ;" in other words, until more mischief was accomplished and the public intimidated. One or two conceived it perhaps advisable to delay the meeting; but the majority were decided. A resolution was moved and seconded for adoption Mr. Gregson commenced, more sure, of remind ing how many years he had been in this colony labouring for popular rights, every year being most industriously added to his patriotic calendar. He was the last man- the very last man in the world to advise proceedings which he did not conscientiously believe were for the advantage of the colony. He had been misinterpreted in the press. He had been called a traitor. He was sensitive, very sensitive, to these attacks. The press had misled the public upon this subject. They were all wrong. The proceedings against the Government would only take money out of the pockets of the people. They were only taxing themselves. It was altogether a mistake quite a mistake. He had been charged with influencing the Government. He had not seen the Governor for months. The meeting had no right to assume that the Government had proceeded in the removal of Mr. Justice Montagu on any other grounds than those of the private complaint. There were Mr. Bicheno and Burgess, both barristers; and, you know, he said that Dr. Turnbull is a man of acuteness and discrimination; and you must believe him to be a just, or to be a very great something else," with which we shall not disfigure our pages, or by any means give sanction to the inference which Mr. Gregson wished conveyed. He then proceeded to animadvert upon Sir John Pedder's conduct that he had called the attention of the Chief Justice to the Huskisson Act while the Dog Act was under discussion ; but whatever his opinion -the law once made is law, and ought to be obeyed. He would have obeyed it. He would never have paid the tax. They might have taken his goods for it. At this mode of " obedience" expressed by Mr. Gregson the members of the committee laughed. After having indulged in this species of logic he worked himself into a little rage ; talked about going to the meeting and effects ing an exposure that parties little dreamed of, meaning, of course, Mr. Thomas Macdowell's private letter, which it thus appears had been handed round, and was in his possession before the day of the public meeting. Mr. Pitcairn stated that he might be of opinion there was some reason for a little delay ; but he begged to state that in all else that Mr. Gregson had said, he did not concur in one single word. There was a marked stillness Mr, Allport, without touching on the extraneous topics introduced by Mr. Gregson, recalled the attention to the facts on which the public had formed their opinions, and cut Mr. Gregson's speech in two, as with a knife. All parties were decided that the meeting should take place. Act the Fifi?t.-Aa attempt was made to prevent our old veteran and champion of constitutional rights, Mr. Kemp, from taking the chair, which he manfully withstood. The meeting, took place. Mr. Gregson, as usual, remained until he thought all was over, and then proceeded to effect " the exposure" which was to act so powerful upon the feelings and judgment of the audience :e. He produced, for this purpose, a private let Br, which only served the purpose of proving that he had nothing to say, and of covering him with! confusion. The tables were turned, and justice triumphed. The proceedings of the conspirators were in felicitous unison from first to last. Thus, in the outset, they profess honesty, in order to cover a dishonest purpose. ( They allege the motive for the removal of Mr. Montagu was the necessity for preserving the independence of the bench ; while their real object was the destruction of that independence, and its perversion to the uses of the Executive power. We have no right, we are told, to question the purity of their motives. Have we no right to do so when we see Mr. Horne in the place of Mr. Montagu ? Have we not a right to do so when we see them following up the removal of Mr. Montagu by the removal of Sir John Pedder ? A charge of embarrassment is preferred against a man of twenty-four years' service under the crown-one of the most honourable men that ever sale upon the English bench, who, during the whole course of his long official life, has uniformly assisted the Government, while he has scrupulously preserved the independence of the judgment-seat. The usurper of the legislative functions of the Government-the Executive Council-charge upon the Chief Justice a usurpation over the law, because, in the exercise of his duty, he interprets the law. By their own act they put it out of their power to amend the law, and then complain of its being interpreted to their disadvantage. They admit the law to be defective, but by their own and put it out of their power to repair it. Lastly, having resorted to every scheme and subterfuge to delude the public into delaying an expression of their feelings, they resolve to create an explosion by charging inconsistency on a party engaged in the meeting; and for this purpose, with admirable judgment they select Mr. Gregson as an appropriate monlii't, who, to prove an inconsistency, does not hesitate to violate the sanctity of a private letter addressed to another person. The curtain falls upon this strange drama of colonial history amidst the rejoicings of thousands ; while our rulers contend that we ought to believe them most honest when they commit dis- honesty, and their abettors to be most "saints" when they most play the devil. 