THE CONFESSIONS OF A BUSHRANGER. [From the Geelong Advertiser] The original copy of these confessions came into the possession of a gentleman two years ago - and from a promise given, he declined giving them publicity until now. My life has been one of vicissitude and crime - of hardihood and remorse ; and now at the close of my career of vice - my most veracious confession is, that I never felt a thrill of happiness unless when I had by some means conferred happiness upon others. This is the reward of that maxim, "Love thy neighbour as thyself." My father was a Kentish farmer ; and grew hops. He was a man of athletic sta- ture ; industrious, and of good principles. I inherited his form, but his mind was of a different mould from mine. I think I see my mother now walking out of our roese- covered cottage, or sitting at work in our trim parlour, looking at me with her gentle eyes when I returned from school. But enough of these innocent days. My father wished me like himself to, become a tiller of the ground, but i had too much of Cain's spirit to enjoy or follow so harmless a life, I thought the sentence had been passed upon me, "When thou tilles the ground it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength ; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be on the earth." And after some years passed in stubborn discontent under the peaceful roof of my parents, I listened to the proposals of a hardened youth I met at a fair, and left my home one summer morning for London, with a change of clothes and a few pounds. I assumed the name of George Drew, and my companion that of Sam Smart. We took up our abode in a lane in the city ; and going to the theatres we soon became adepts in vice. Sometimes the voice of my father sounded in my ears, and his oft- repeated maxims spoke to me in the silence of the night, but a visit to a gin palace soon dissipated these warnings of conscience, and Sam assisted their flight by mocking and swearing at the idea of attending to such a warning. I pretended to join him, but I suffered, when alone, from the repeated admonitions of the silent monitor. We were not alone in our depredations, and having received notice from a veteran in vice, that a popular preacher was to be numerously attended, we repaired, well dressed in stolen clothes, to join in the crowd. Some devout old ladies suffered in purse that evening. I was nearly taken. Our depredations were noticed in next mornings papers, and the police warned to be on the outlook. Our persons were described but I put on whis- kers and a wig, and left for Bath next mor- ning I found that this city of sedan chairs was not a place for my occupation, and after a few attempts I returned to Lon don I was unfortunately very successful, which hardened me in the path of sin, and I would base perhaps remained longer un- detected, had not a murder been committed in the lane where my wretched abode was, and which it was proved I had knowledge of. I was tried and sentenced to banish- ment for life, and was conveyed to New- gate, until a transport ship should leave England. I had now time to reflect upon my past life, and bitter indeed were my re- flections, conscience probed my wicked heart, and I passed my nights often in tears -but false pride came to overturn these healing thoughts, and I assumed be- fore the gaoler an undaunted manner, which he might designate manly or daring. What we often act, we sometimes feel at last, and by the time I was removed to the hulks I was a more desperate character than before. I had almost quenched the innate warnings which are given to all at some stage of their existence, and my future companions soon confirmed any instability might show. The ship was five months on the passage ; and what pen can describe the sentiments, anecdote, and opinions that were during that time repeated. Some were repentant men, and attempted to stem the tide of profligacy, but they were called Jonahs- and threatened with being like him thrown overboard should a squall come on -which did, near the Cape of Good Hope. The sea seemed to mix with the impending clouds-and our cargo ot guilty beings appeared the objects of its wrath. The commencement ot the storm was laughed at, but before it was over terror was depicted in every countenance, and some were swearing, some attempting to pray, others stunned with fright and an awful conviction of their own danger, Three days it lasted, and the labouring ship was again comparatively at rest. But so callous were the inmates of her that they again began their old style of conversation, and I was not sorry when I was relieved from this sea prison and landed in Hyde Park Barracks. I wss soon assigned to an extensive stock- holder on the Hunter River, and here my light fingered propensity showed itself, by appropriating to myself the watch of a visitor. It was missed, search was made, and it was found in the place where I slept. I was taken to Sydney, tried, and condemned to receive a hundred lashes, and to work on the public roads. My temper was roused by such a sentence, and when it was put in execution, I vowed war against all mankind, and felt I was indeed a son of Cain. I now watched daily for an opportunity for escape, and feigning to be repentant and docile, I was trusted more than others, but I never forgot my vow. By different means I con- tinued to accumulate money, and purchased some clothes. When entrusted with a message one day, I escaped, having pre- viously burned my government clothes. I went, away to the south of Sydney, where I joined in already escaped convict, and after living like pedestrian gentlemen for a month, we saw in the newspaper our description and a notice of our escape. We pursued our way further south, and took up our abode in a recess or cave, in a secluded dell, near a mountain. There were not any houses within ten miles of this place, and those bejond merely of the poorer class. We had possessed ourselves of one horse, and were contemplating getting another, which was soon obtained. We proceeded thus to a distant farm house, where we had formerly received a dinner as travellers There was here a mother and two daughters, their working men being in huts, at a dis- tance. We proposed to attack the hut at night, yet my heart recoiled, from it ; but my companion, seeing my decision, brought out his flask,and drank of the intoxicating contents. We arrived about 9 o'clock, and, asking admission, my companion com- menced to explain our intentions, saying we were gentlemen in misfortune, and re- quired money -at first they did not quite understand us, but he, taking a pistol from his belt, demanded, half in jest, their money or their lives. The mother almost fainted -the girls screamed -and I almost wished myself anywhere but there. I pitied them, the more so as I had admired the girls before, and thought now they looked more lovely ; but my companion persisted, and, searching where the mother told him, he found five pounds. I was glad to retreat, and, taking to horse, we were soon beyond the precincts ot the farm I did not like this attack, and would not partake of the money thus gained. My companion did not understand this, and quizzed me much for my squeamishness, as he called it, but the truth is, I felt that our conduct had been cowardly, and the girls, particularly one, interested me deeply. We turned our horses in another direc- tion, and taking up our abode at a small inn, we daily reconnoitred the vicinity, and at last fixed upon a solitary farmer who lived with his son, as our next victim. In this instance we pretended we were gentlemen who had lost their, way, and thus obtained an hospitable reception, and were invited to pass the night. My friend was overjoyed, the more so as the old man, in the course of conversation, said he would accompany us if we were going to Sydney, as he had to put some money in the bank. We retired to bed, but not to rest, and, when all were asleep, my companion said "let us be off, I have secured the strong box -here it is;" We stole away noiselessly, and, saddling our horses, we mounted. " The sooner we are back in the dell the better for us. "Yes, and I intend now to visit my little Janet brown; when you took the five pounds from the mother, I was almost black with the whiskers and paint I put on ; but I shall go now as a gentleman, and she will not perhaps despise me." We returned to the dell, and, dressing myself in the style of a settler, I saddled my horse and turned his head in the di- rection of Mrs Brown's farm; ít was near evening when I arrived, and coming to the door, I enquired my way to a very distant station. The mother told me it was forty miles from them, and I could not reach it that night ; I then asked if there was any place near where I could slay that night, as my horse was unable to go so far. She looked to her daughters, and her daughters looked to her ; at last she said, "Hospitality is our duty, sir, and if you can sleep in the adjoining hut, we shall accommodate you." I was delighted, and at their desire I put my horse in the pad- dock, and returned to their hut. Tea, or rather supper, was put on the table, and my pretty cottage-maid, Janet, sat opposite to me. She had a round style of counten- ance, black eyes, and hair, curled round her neck ; but, her dimpled cheeks, when she smiled, were the focus of fascination, I paid marked attention to the mother, and seemed to win upon her esteem. Among other subjects of conversation, they told me of the alarm they had suffered; from an attack they had from two bushrangers ; that one of them was much milder than the other, about my height, and, altogether resembled me. "Conscience makes cowards of us all," but I was too accustomed to dissimu- lation to betray emotion, and I feigned and partly, felt horrified by such unprincipled visitors having disturbed their quiet re- treat, and advised them to arrange with some male relative to reside with them, saying, if any station near them was ob- tainable,I should for their sakes (looking at Janet at the time) occupy, it. Àt ten o'clock, Mrs. Brown said that her daughters would show me the hut where I was to sleep, and taking a candle ,we ad- journed. They begged me to excuse the rude apartment, and wished me a good night. Janet returned back to say they breakfasted at seven ; I seized her hand and said; " Could you ever love a stranger?" (I had nearly said bushranger.) She started, and blushing, smiled and said, " I don't know. Good night." I thought I might with such an innocent talisman re- form and be blessed. The morning came with all its freshness, but I had not slept; "Tired nature's sweet restorer-balmy sleep," had flown on his "downy pinions," and Janet's dimpled smile kept me company. I met the family at their peaceful meal, and felt my own unworthiness. Oh woman ! more dear and lovely in solitude, how strong is thy influence over, the flinty wayward heart of man. There is an indescribable charm over all that is done by a virtuous woman, which the man who wastes his health, vitiates his princi- ples, and squanders, his wealth amongst the daughters of folly, can never know. After breakfast, I prepared, as I said, to proceed on my way, when I was invited to see them again on my return, and from Janet I bor- rowed, a book, as my companion until I should visit them. It was " The Pleasures of Hope ;" and, taking her hand, I told her I should think the book was herself talking. I scampered away o'er hill and dale, and arrived late at our hidden retreat. My companion in sin was asleep, but I was too much elated to follow his example ; so awakening him, I asked him what he had been doing with himself?" More business than you have," was the reply, and, rising up, he pointed to a corner of our cave. saw something dark looking, but could not discern it distinctly ; so taking our mise- rable, lamp, I walked to it and discovered a man, as I thought asleep. Who is he, Bob?" I said. " Ah ! dead men tell no tales. " I recoiled in horror, saying, "Did I not agree with you that murder should never pollute our compact ; and how is this?" " Tis easy, Mr. gentleman, for you, talking about compacts and these kind of words, but if you had been with me you would have done the same. Come, come, honour among thieves." ''Tell me what has induced you to do this." " Well, I was amusing myself yesterday riding in search of game, when I saw this cove trudging along ; I went up to him, and asked him where he was going. He said about twenty miles on. I offered him the use of my horse, if he would come up to the dell till I looked at some sheep feed- ing there. He agreed. I then pretended to observe our cave for the first time, and thus decoyed him into it. The pistol did the rest." " Hear me ! you are now a murderer, and a heartless one, and I shall never have confidence in you. I shrink from you as from a venomous reptile." " Preach not to me, George Drew about your tight-laced high flown notions ; you are as bad as I." " No, no ; to send a soul uncalled and unprepared into eternity is an awful crime, and I intend to reform ; I am tired of being an outlaw." "And how will you do that, pray? And how shall either of us hope to escape when we are advertised all over the colony." " Well, it,does not matter; I am deter- mined to try." " Ànd may l ask you where you slept last night?" "Oh, I was poking about the country, and slept in an old hut." "Whose was it?" "Let me think." " I see you do not wish to tell ; so where that begins friendship ends." I now felt a great repugnance to my companion; which I could not overcome. This often led to disagreeable remarks, which widened, the breach. He was now much richer than myself, as I could not be induced to share the murdered man's money. He proposed, and I agreed that, we i should visit a town some fifty miles distant, and do some business as he called it. We left next morning. and calling at a small inn on our way, we saw a newspaper offering a high reward for my capture. I looked in a glass, to see if my description was just ; but I thought it very incorrect, as I was described as fair. Now my skin was darkened, my wig was black, and mus- taches to correspond. We heard of some men, who were quaffing in the tap, remark \- 'These coves seen very flash with their money; I should like to have a game with them tonight." We soon tempted them to realise their wish, and that night I gained ten pounds, as we kept sober,while they drank deeply. We were off again by the daylight and entered the town of P- with well-filled purses . We took up our residence ,at one of the smaller public- houses, saying we were waiting for some gentlemen who were bringing stock that way. The house was full, and we, soon prevailed on some unwary bushmen to en- gage in play and betting. I was again for- tunate, but I was not happy, My run of luck, might have, made me forget my good resolutions; but the image of the sweet cottage and its inmates, were too deeply fixed to admit of obliteration. It was the first, time I ever, felt a deep interest in women, and the feeling predominated over all others. She, like an angel in the midst of an overwhelming storm, seemed ever to be beckoning me away to peaceful regions, and I could no longer bear the coarse joke and the broad slang of the party. I told my comrade that I must go back to the dell as we ought to be cautious. He said he would follow in a few days. I filled my saddle bags with necessaries from a store, and among them a rich tartan scarf for my cottage maid. I already pos- sessed a locket, encircled with pearls, for which I purchased a black satin ribbon for her pretty throat. With these I returned to the dell, and sleeping one night there, I was the following evening at Mrs. Brown's, door. Janet's eyes were the first that greeted me, and she asked me why I had been so long in coming again. I could not tell the truth, and her confiding innocence rebuked me. Her mother welcomed me, hoping I had arranged my business satis- factorily, and asked if I returned again to Sydney soon. I did not know how to answer. I said I had not been very well, and she hoped I would rest one day with them. I felt too glad. I wished her invi- tation had been for life. I showed Janet some passages in our book, as I called it, and she selected some which made my heart thrill. After supper, I took the scarf from my package, and unfolding it, put it upon the pretty shoulders of Janet. Her cheeks dimpled, and her smile rewarded me; and had it been a crown, and I a monarch, I could not for the moment have felt prouder or happier. I retired again to the old hut, after wishing the three ladies a good night. I then had time to canvass my feelings and my plans, and it was not until morning that the drowsy god overcame me, and I then dreamt of pursuits by policemen-of the dell-of my family in Kent-and did not awake until I heard Mrs. Brown saying, " call the gentleman, he is perhaps ill." I was soon with them; the day was quickly passed, and the sisters proposed to take me a pretty walk in the evening. It was indeed a lovely spot, where nature had embellished the tailing and rippling of the most tortuous clear river I ever saw. I continued to allow the elder sister to wander on, and Janet and I seated ourselves in a sweet nook. I here took out the locket, and asked her if she would wear it in re- membrance of her companion. She took it, and, looking at the hair in it, said, "did any one ever wear this before? " I asked her why she inquired? She said," because I am told that all men have at least half a dozen ladies to whom they assever-that she is the one; now if you have one more than me I shall with pleasure send her this locket. " I looked disappointed, and was silent ; but she took it and hung it round her neck. She rose to join her sister. I assisted her to leap from rock to rock, putting my arm round her pretty waist occasionally. She soon joined her sister, and we arrived at the enviable cottage by moon light. I was requested to read aloud, while the ladies worked. They chose Byron's Corsair, and I heard them comment upon the sea-robber-I thought they admired his fidelity to Medora. But I felt that in Conrad's robberies there was something more noble than in my condemned life. He had to fight on the broad seas for his prizes, but I ! I shrank from myself. They saw I was deeply affected, and attributed it to the melancholy tale I was reading. I could not again rally my spirits that even- ing, and it was not until next morning that I could feel cheerful. I bade the family farewell for a time, saying I was going to Sydney, and should return in a month. But I previously asked the old lady's per- mission to pay my addresses to Janet. She said, "If you get a station near us I may, with her consent." I felt happy, but I knew how impracticable was her request. I kept Janet's hand a long time in mine, and asked her to think of me every evening at sunset. She did not answer, but her humid eye replied. I left the dear girl more attached than I ever was to any object in life and returned self-condemned to my lonely dell. Oh how changed I was in feeling from the first day I entered the cave. I was then hardened and careless of my own opinion or that of others ; I now felt the poignant punishment of retributive justice. The life of a virtuous man, was before my eyes, but I could not obtain the prize. My own evil passions had stimulated me to deeds of crime and dishonor, and as these, now arose before me in solitude, as an impassable, gulf and barrier to my ever obtaining the hand of the innocent cottage maid. I felt that she ought not to love one, so unworthy of her as I knew myself to be. Falsehood, which had been entwined, in all my actions, again came to offer me assist- ance. I thought of soon returning to the farm, and feigning that I had lost all my property by some serious bankruptcies, thus excite their pity. In the midst of these reflections, my companion in crime came towards me breathless and excited; he told me that the police were in pursuit of him, and they had seen him last about a quarter of a mile distant, where he had escaped into some scrub, and down a steep bank and round the mountain. I thought it more advisable to seek some more secret recess to hide in, and from where we could watch their movements. This we soon found under some ledges of gigantic rocks near the summit of the mountain, and from this we discovered them in our direction ; there were three of them—they turned their heads in the direction of our retreat, but not their horses, and with joy we saw them continue their pursuit far beyond the objects of their search. We descended to the cave and my comrade told me that he had visited an old shepherd's hut, and by threatening the man, had obtained his watch and six pounds ; with these he had gone to an inn, and the police being there, some surmises were made about him ; in the morning he decamped. Next day he saw the three after him, as he concluded "And your horse?" "I tied him in the scrub, and must go for him." "Well," said I, "I am sick of all this kind of thing. I feel as if I had now an internal warning, not to be disregarded, .and I cannot get quit of it. Night and day it haunts me, and I think we ought to try and turn honest men." "Ah, Drew, this is the old tune you are again at. What has come over you, man? Have you seen some ghost or hobgoblin in your road, or what is it?" " I will tell you what it is. I have seen a girl worth reforming for, and"— "Say no more, Drew ; only add you could sell your former friend for her sake ; but let me tell you, bad as I am, I know this much, that, although 'hand join in hand, the wicked shall not go unpunished.' You see I can preach as well as yourself." " Aye, now you speak to my heart, and I feel that the mark of Cain is upon me ; but if you saw the pure-looking girl for whom I would brave all !" " Yes all save that of appearing what you are. "Come, come, no more about purity and reform. It cannot be done ; as the tree is bent, so must it grow and fall, and your fall may be from the gallows-tree —-but to become an honest man was never laid down in your astrology." I winced under the apparent truth of all he said, but I would not show it. He con- tinued, " And who is this piece of beauti- ful clay who is to act as the reformer of George Drew ?" " I need not tell you ; but she is a gem of nature more precious in my estimation than the finest diamond in our Queen's crown." " Yes, Drew, and as maintainable, when a man's in love he makes a fool of himself, and all his former friends are sent to—" " Well, have done ; I cannot tell, you now." A sardonic smile lighted, up the counte- nance of my companion, and he said— "Some other time I will know all." I was now miserable; for besides being away from the cottage, I wanted money, and seeing my companion with a well-filled purse, I told him, we ought to share alike. He said, " Yes, our gold, but not our thoughts ;" and presented me with ten sovereigns. He proposed we should go in pursuit of something daring. I said I should, but first intended to visit my fair one, and then I would be at his com- mand. I set off next morning, and at even- ing saw the white wall's of the peaceful hut. Í was welcomed by the three inmates, and Janet—no, she never looked so lovely before—-told me that the days and hours had appeared so long during my absence. I could only look my gratitude. I felt truly unworthy of such an artess being. At supper I became dejected, and Mrs. Brown askíng me if I was well, I said " Yes, in bodily health, but my mind is in a fever, as I have lost all my property; and am now hopeless and without fortune." With all women's disinterestedness they evinced great, sympathy for me. And the mother said that perhaps she would find some em- ployment not unworthy of myself. Next morning she said she had long required an overseer, and if I would make a trial of the situation; I might forget my lost fortune. I was now in the climax of happiness ; an inmate of the family, and with the good opinion of the only parent. In a few days I obtained Janet's consent to become mine by the sacred bond of matrimony. But I knew not that during this period of happi- ness undeserved, the eye of envy was watching me. Larkins (so my companion in guilt was named) when I had left the dell, saddled his horse, and following at a distance, tracked me to the farm and watched my movements. He even as a pretended stranger, learned from the servants, that the fifth of next month was my wedding day. I was too happy for the space of some weeks. I was most industrious during the day, and in the evening, in the society of so much goodness, I only felt an inward monitor which seemed to repeat—" she can never be thine." One night while returning to my solitary dormitory I thought I perceived a figure glide past me, and that his step resembled that of Larkins. I felt a shudder pervade my frame ; a prophetic warning seemed to speak to me, and I could not sleep. Janet's pretty-dimpled, smile cheered me, and, chased these gloomy forebodings. Next week we were going to be married and, the pretty simple dresses were preparing for the occasion. The morning arrived, sunny and light, and a rural vehicle and horses conveyed the party to the settlement. The friends of the family joined us in the church; Janet wore a robe as pure as her mind, and tiny gift of the plaid satin scarf. The clergyman had proceeded with part of the ceremony, when a noise of horses was heard outside, and then some heavy steps approaching. I was seized and drag- ged away by armed police-men, handcuffed and set upon a horse, which they guarded ; and thus I was taken to Sydney, tried and condemned to death for the murder of the man whom Larkins shot. He, with all the malice of the evil one, had saved himself by accusing me, and in order to confirm his information, had shown the grave to the policeman. Ah, retribution! I deserve my fate, as I had outraged parental authority, and in- fringed my country's laws. But Janet! why was one so pure ever allowed to be con- taminated by the affection of a bushranger. 