,SY.DNEY RACE, HOR1SES. From Bell's Lila:in :Sydney. . i Of the prinfcipal fihgs, old'Jorirocks has main tained~his pre-eminence, and for aught I see, will conitinue to.h.ildit;' in opposition to the never leidiigs halloo which has echoed aid re-echoed, .fhr and wide for fli last four years, " he can't 'liast much. longer.' Pshaw-what have we to meet him in- '48-unlessprovided for by those who cut out the varipus programmes;. he will, as heretofore,= sweep Plate, and Cup, and- Purse;' without let or hindrance, into thestable of his owner-but with that subject 1 shall not farther, at present, interfere. Whalebone has, ro.ed hinimselfs. good as I e-oected, but he is a Sunday horse, and every day workis co'nsequently unsuited -t'li?s taste vide his secpnd day perforinianicds at both Penrith asid Parramatta; itevertheless; he, ought to have' won his race at"the latter place agaihst Jorrocks, but Cutts, hi'jockey, was ill, and-when the old horse challen?d,'fell quitite abarold; The lad is d great favorite of, mine, aind his ?ierit, as far as concerns my, predilection,. centres solely .il his capabilities:in the saddle. .Cassandra has, I find from the table.publislied in the:last issue of this journal, won eight times; but, shad she been .in proper hands as far-as appertains to training, and had she further been piloted by an adept In the art, how different would hav?been'tlie'summiing up of the year's account.l rThrbnghout the whole season she neye~r..hld aclh ace.~ of slrowing herself in Iher real chareter. L.have.w'tclhe'd her througlh most of her wi'.l (s?$1 rgflq tign, .itRstrengthens ihelojfinion'aIcgad)y expresged as,4 the a wretched cndsltion :in .whiqhcl ,s e', has.;i?nvariably- been brougghtitoithe post;:had- it. been otherw?se, she: wohld 'have proved; hersel fthe;best mnre out. . 'Little tneedbh6- saiid bf Blue ;Bonnetr-her:last. dead'lieat' liavilig be'ti trun shi'beat Jorrocks ht Homebush, a"' some think, through'"the bad judghi?'ht'f°h is"/i'de' I " '"saw lihe' lJeat~lim" iat .atland, a )yeaT, .rtwo, ago, in a.race qf',tw6", inile heats--the marii tioo~'the lea1,d in both heats, Were both intb'odifettled ; Mh'sdetrosi the mare, andl:' MiekeyB':riah t on the gelding . She 'cotul( Alwaysl'bldathii in one eveit, if 'sie' was iright,' but'th'tIn'atsmit w'as elddm, iodwino' to the dilH cuhlt~i brsghdb 'hgicng'lbiit'"ut"iC ll.: lfe,' .per.hps. Will tgree. Fwit me in ,ieldiihg' superir'ty"oy f vPictdgii '.alle r;.pld ,her, b. forehtmfo pwont mances, astonished many-pity that ihis owner should be so blind:to his own interests, as to per sist iir misplacing him,. Every meeting -has oie or more races adapted to Ihis pow ers..?Why not be sitisfied !with half .a loaf, instead of ;vainly struggling with:the baker ;for. his other customers bread. -Tally Hdo ! it is. rumoured is queer ;--a game little horse, but has not foot:enough tp rise above mediocrity, :Plover,; the :best weight car riber:of"the' day, often: shows: in the ·front rank, ariddis likely--to run on in the game stylc, because weight does.-isot hurt. him. I ,regret that .the presentiarrangenients.of .his stable will not allow, of: his ,contesting the palm "ivith;the old horse..-- Donnizette is laume, and no one can feel surprised at:it :-his own weight is sufficient at any timneto break him dow n, so loaded,, is he' about .his. fore liand.. Every: genuine lover of the turf mtist;?re gret-the fate-of Mr lWilshire'srEva.. I sincerely trust this gentleman's lot will-be- more fortunate dufrirng.the cainpaign of '48, as he,?is one. of the. few on the local turf whose views are dirccted: less-to profit than awnusement.-- . ., " \- The prospects of the ensuing season are cheer ing in the :extreme. :. The, Bathiurst. and Windsor districts are already on the; qui.vive, arid; money il plentiful-;'.buti something, must be done to itio duce bIreeders, to ?brig, .oit their yoing stoick -Ouraged-horse too; must.be put qn anequality ; anid as Cassandra is gone into the stud,, and, Blue Bdnnet dead,-the only thing to go, gaiisnst, Jor.. rocks withthe ghost of a,chance, ?s Whsalebone:,., 