MISCELLANEOUS. Interesting Anecdote. — Lieutenant Graham, of Peneance, who served under Lord Esmouih, and was a great favorite of his Lordship's, was summoned to attend the Admiral one day when the Fleet was off Algiers. His lordship informed Lieutenant Graham, that he had a most impor tant mission for him to perform. There were then between twenty and thirty British subjects held in slavery by the Dey of Algiers, and it was for Lieutenant Graham to go to him and demand tbeir liberation. But he must not in any way compromise the honour of his country or the dignity of a British officer. He must lake with him a signal, and unless that were hoisted at a specified time, be (Ibe Admiral) should consider tbe Dey had refused, and he would storm tbe place. Lieut. Graham proceeded to tbe palace, and obtained an interview with tbe Dey, who, before entering upon tbe subject of the visit, wished the British omcer to kiss his great toe ! which, of course, was haughtily refused, and Li.eut. Graham, in peremptory terms, communi cated his business. TJie Dey observed that be was a bold fellow, and asked if be knew in whose presence be was? Lieut. Graham replied in the affirmative ; when the Dey informed him that he was in his power, and one word from him would forfeit his head. Lieutenant Graham replied, tbat what tbe Dey bad stated might be true. Never theless (taking out bis watch), unless tbe slaves, whom be sought to liberate, were liberated in twenty minutes from that time, Algiers would be in flames ! The Dey remarked, tbat be was a brave fellow, and rising from his seat, said to Lieut. Graham, ' Your request shall be complied frith, and as a mark of your brave conduct, take this sword wliicb I now wear.' — Bell's Weekly Mes senger. An wdvst&iovb; Editor. — We know of an editor, who, we think, without exception, is the most iodostrious man of bis time. He is not only tiiiovo compositor, pressman, and devil, bat keeps a Urern, —is (village poatmaster, — town clerk,— captain of militia, — mends bis own boots and shoes, — is a pettifogger of. notoriety,— deals in red flannel— makes patent Brandretb pills, peddles, essences, and tin-were two Jays in Ibe week, — is parish setloD, — and preaofaea on Sundays when the preacher is absent. In addition lo Ibis, be baa a scolding wife, and siileen ungrateful and disobedient children, and a large circle of needy acquaintance, wliom be entertains on conditions unknown to tbe public. What could tbe village do without him ? — American Paper. Miss Sarah Mary Hoare, daughter of a deceased lieutenant in the Royal Navy, brought an action for eUnder at Croy don Assites agoinit Comrottider Dickaon, RN., Secretory to the Boyal Nav,al Benevolent Society, who she alleged bad prevented tier oDtaining renei irom mat in«uiuuon. it appeared for the defence that ebe bad received relief from : the society, but it was discontinued on proof of ber cot ibeinc a fit object, and the plaintiff iraa non-Guited. A Voice raoM tbc Goiuotike.— The public executioner of Parti having been dismissed from Iris place wittout. «b he thinks, sufficient cause, has drawn up and published a pamphlet, in which be plrads for restoration, on tlie (round that in tbe whole course of his eiperience he has acted with tlie greatest kindness and re, spect towards all bit client! ; that he bat iovariablv cut off their heads in a very neat atyle, and will great dispatch, and that he has introduced some important improvements in the guillotine ! CcaviN JcRHrREDEKCB.— An extraordinary circumstance .occurred at a recent sitting of one or the courts of justice «t Ulm, in Wirtemburgh. A peatant named JLouis Badstecber, of the village or Rubetbel, Wai about to be tried for having killed lanolher peasant of the same village. In answer to the questions !of Ihe presiding judge, lie energetically denied hit guile The judge told him that he bad confessed it before the ctamining magistrate, when lie aaid that he bad dope an on account of the moral .loriure.to which ihe ciauiiniug rnsgislraU,bsd subjected him. ?? This magistrate,' he went on to »I «' threw in my face the hands of tbe murdered man, wjijcb bad l-eenr«Ji oJT liiieorpte, Be also showed tne, two. ribi of the corpse, suid said lliatiCIdid not avow the crime of which I was accused, the dead span trould appear sit flight before my bed, and would aay to. tne, 'Louiil Louis! restore me the life you have taiipn!'. The magistrate then asked me if t believed in ghosts, and on my answering in She affirmative, told me t|ift a grest cumber of tbepi.vniuld come «nd drag me to hell if ( did not confess! Territed at these, threat!, J confessed all ibat be wasted, and afterwards sigped my ^confession '.' The cianining magistrate tvas immediately sum moned before till court, and as he admitted that he bad employed lheneam or intimidation stated by the prisoner, the court de clared the einminatioo null and void, and postponed the ca-t for (hree months. It iben addressed lo tbe misiiter of justice a r«port of the conduct of the eiamining magistrate.— Go/ignoni. ToBlcco — Tbe greater part of (he species of Micoliana (tbe systematic name of Ihe Tobacco plant) ' are natives of South America, and possancs more or less «r tha narcotic .qualities of Diat article »f toinmerce which inowcll known anoogstui,. different countiies adopt the cultivation ofdiflewnt species, which, in some degree accounts for the , variouc qualities known fn commerce. The Americans cultivate the. Nicoliana Persica ; ' the Syrians, Nicoliana ruitica ; and the species Repanda ^i aajd to be that from which tbe Snest Havsmab cigars are Manufac tured. Several others are known to be grown for use amongst (rarioui tribes or Indians, sosse of whom, by the bye, lave arrived kt a reSsement is ^fae usa of this luxury , which must put to tht blush. the admirars of mere leaf smoke. These Indians— inha- bitants or the banks of the Missouri, ai related by Pursb, prepare, * tor tbtir own unoVlns;,' a delicate species of Tobacco, not from leaves, but from the lowers of the species they cultivate. Thus tv« tea that the lime Jibs to arriM, ween smoking Englishmen shall possess thi refined taiw of tba^r ? Tall Indian' brethren.'-. jSfaund's Botanic Garden m4 FntHitt. A 8»a«T Hni *o Yotwo Mmsicd Ltpiis ? I think you ought to be well informtd bow much your husband's re». sue aroounU te, and be so good a computer m to keep wiihin it that psrt of the manageroeoVwbich falls to your share, and not to put yourself in the number of those politic ladien, who think they have gained a great point when they have teated their liui bsnds to buy them a new equipage, a laced head, or a fine petti coat— without once considering svbatlong score remained unpaid to the butcher ? Suiji't Letter to a Toung Laiy. Richks »ndCovbtouinim8.— tlicli people who are cortloui, are like the cypren tree— they may appear well, hut are frflillets; so ticli persons have tbit means lo be generous, yet some are not «o : but they should comi'dcr tbey are only trustees for what they poisess, and should show their wealth to be more in doing «ood, than merely in having it. They should nut reserve their bene volence for purposes after they are. dead,, for thole who give not till thtj-die, show that tilt; would not then— .if Oiej could keep it any longer.— Bittmp lliili Skttu. Wit.— There it a brain tbat will endure but one scum ming t lei the owner jallier il with discretion, and manage his !itt!e«tock,with husbandry ; but above all things let him' beware or brineing it under tbe Isih of his . betters ; because,, th«t will make itbubVe up Into impertinence,, and lie will find uo^ew, ?uPP!rr-o«#-- . ' Tixjsa.— The tatet^re indeed very heavy,; and.if those laid on by the jofernnienl were tlie only ones we Lad to pay, we m(glii moreeaillv discharge then j butwe liave many otlieti, and ,n\ucl( more grcivoui to some of ui.— We are taxed twice as jnucb bj oui idleness, three times as much by oui pride, and four limes ai much by our folly j and from these taxes. the conimisilonrrs cannot ease. 01 deliver us, b; allowing an abateinenL— Ftanklin, Thodcdt* on, Gold— It is to solace the wants, and not to nourish ihe. passions of men. Wjik this view it was originally brought from tkeminei, nuiiiied- strucki and tlaroprd.. Jle.who spends.it properly, is jts master. He who lays il up, ill keeper. He w-)O lovei it, a fnol. He who fears it, * slave. He who adores jt, an idolater, The truly wiie man ii he who mei il. 