. .{. ERATLDINE. A TA, OA F ocONSCIENCs. VOL. III. CHAP. IX. "Geraldine," said De Grey, the year after their -marriage, on their return to Milan from a complete tour of Italy, "do you ever think of England ?' Indeed I do," she replied; ' I think very often of Elvertoin, and of the abbey, and of Father Ber nhrd, and, above all, of the good we may do amongst the dear poor." " Andido you never think of the Moat ?' said he. S"Ah I" replied Geraldine, " you know very well that' but for the Abbey I would rather live at the Moat than at the Hall, notwithstanding all the ghost stories";' for I would rather not accept the sacrifice you make to 'my, father's 'wishes, of dividing your time between the two properties." "I; think it 'so wise a request,' said De Grey, "'that I have no difficulty In complying with it; besides, `whatever be your attractions, towards the old ruin, they cannot surpass mine." "But why dowetalk ofEnigland in this manner P' said Geraldine . Do you think we ought to re turn?' " Indeed,' replied De Grey, I' 1 have thought so during the last six months, but I waited for you to propose it" And I am making such rapid progress in the perfection of obedience," said Geraldine, laughing. *that I have even 'arrived at not proposing any thing. But am truly willing to return." And accordingly, a short time after this discovery of each"other's sentiments, Sir Eustace and Lady Carrrngton de Grey returned to England; and to Elverton frail, to 'the satisfaction of their friends, 'particularly Mr. Everard, and to the joy of the tenantry.y The exact time of their expected arrival beitg ascertained from the steward, a band of stout and active enthusiasts awaited the travelling carriage, at a turn of the road, about a mile from the town, and dispossessing the tired horses and their riders of the prize, bore, with a speed incredible, throught the hurraing multitude, the heiress of the manor to wards her home. With the Catholics, who formed no inconsiderable portion of the crowd. the name of Sir Eustace. and blessings and welcomas, resounded with equal if not greater zeal: and our heroine, who had hitherto'only laughed, with sparkling eyes, and glowing cheeks, now wept for joy. "'Geraldine," said De Grey, "all this is very pleasant toflesh and blood, but it is not the way of he croks." ,!! Al, Eustacer" cried she, "do not prevent their honest welcome home." " Not I; indeed," replied he. It is very right foaitheni to feel thus towards us, but we must take care, at the same time, to humble ourselves." "Then. let as repeat one of the penitential paelms," said Geraldine, " till we reach the Hall." They did so, and were together sounding forth the -" Gloria Patri" at the end of the Miserere, when the steps of the carriage were let down by the faith fol servants; and asaDe Grey and his wife entered the hall, they were folded in the arms of Lady Winefride. ' Two happy useful years succeeded. As Geral dine had hoped, they effected much good "amongst the " "dear poor" on their estate. and were on the most friendly and hospitable terms' with the families of their own condition, Catholic and Protestant. De Greyin common with the Catholics of the .aeighbourhood, had, before his quitting England for Italy, ' devoted one day in the week to prayers for the conversion (or re-conversion) of his country, and in the household now settled at 'Elverton Hall, this pious and patriotic practice was -iestimed; De Grey and his wife, with some of the domestics, offering the spiritual benefit derived from -holy mass and communion, with that intention, and all joining in the " Litany of Intercession for England." Shortly after Geraldine's return. Miss Graham 'became her guest, and gave a pilace in her large heart to her friend's husband as frankly as he had requested ,it. The changes in the neighbourhood 'during the three years' absence of our heroine, had beesn' many 'and great, but, in the welfare of two familes only, was her heart interested beyond the 'duties of charity. The Rev. Edmund Sinclair, and 'De Grey, became sincerely attached to each other, and ibe mutual agreement of the families to dwell on those points only wherein they thought alike, pro duced frequent and affectionate intercourse, between 'the vicarage and hail. The old Earl of Hungerford was dead, and his widow continued to live -at the Priory with her son arid'his lady, formerly Miss Scotr.ey, whose " views," under the training of Major Tankerville, had at length arrived at that perfection of clearness and precision, that, in the household over which she now presided, no one besides herself, her husband, and her owonmaid, could eixpect salvation. Thie'Dowager Countess received uur heroine with a Wurat of grief alud affection, so touching, that un one, far less Getaidine, could remain unmoved. The fouintain of her sorrows was -onlocked, and she poured forth a history, -which, after three years entirs separation from such "sasyings and doings," seemed to- our heroine like some broaid caricature of human life, In which it was impossible she could ever have borne ia past. The poor old lady might have exclaimed," If in this life only I am to have hope, then were I most miserable;" for, site 'as fully aware, that her daughter-in-law's number of the elect was the " smallest of the small," and she repeated, that if she h1ad had the strength of mind to keep to her old ways of religion ike her dear lord, she should be much happier; but, that she had not his courage, and farther informed Geraldine, that, in his last illness, Lord Hlungerford resolutely barred his wing of the house "from all communication," as he called it, " with those who wished to convert it into a Bedlam :" said the Lord's prayer, the creed, and the ten commandments, every day; wished every man's conscience as comfortable as le found his own, and at last sent for the clergyman of the parish, and received the communion of the Church of England from himt the evening before his death. Before our heroine left her distressed old friend. she prevailed on her to visit the hall. and, on seeing the delight and terror which struggled in her countenance, promised that no one should attempt her conversion during- her stay. This produced a ready and grateful assent, and she actually made a private escape from Sedgemutr to Elverton in the following week, where site found a peace and freedom she had not known for years, and this without any misgivings of con science, as Katherine, although more than ever that ".eternal Miss Graham," became a confidential friend and adviser, to our heroine's great relief. Katherine had, by. the death of relations, become possessed of a small independence. which she had re solved shudil continue such having fully determined never to sacrifice her liberty to any one. Her former admirer and connexion had, on the discovery of her unexpected Inheritance, discovered also the perma nency of iris attachment, but Katherine replied, in the witty and sarcastic words of an ancient Scotch ballad, a decisive negative. De Grey used to rally Katherine on this spirit of independence in which she gloried, but of which he told lier, he did not think the apostles would have approved. " For:' said hie, " you will find but two states of life spoken of in the Epistles and in the Acts of the Apostles; the consecrated virgin or widow, and the married mistress of a family." - Many battles would ensue, to Geraidine's amuse ment; Katherine vindicating the freedom of her maiden state, and the great power it gave her of doing good, and challenging De Grey to find even in the order of charity, a more useful and pious set of women than she could show him in Edinburgh, amongst the sisterhood of seculars, who served God in their own way. with the freedom of a willing heart, and required no tyrant to lay down the law to them, and curb the true liberty of the children of God. Katherine in her turn would rally our heroine on tier loss of that precious liberty, and pretend to at tribute to the tyranny to which sale had submitted, the silence and calm slicobserved to have stolen over her since they were last together. " I think, Ger aldine:' said she, one day, " that you are beginning not to care whether you are admired or neglected, praised or dispraised ; and this must be in imitation of Sir Eustace, for I never before witnessed in any one living in society such indifference about its opinion." " It is indeed the case with him," said Geraldine, and is to be attributed to the singleness of heart with which he serves God. ' Self-love leads to mul tiplicity, divine love produce simplicity,' says an old Catholic author I have been lately reading, and I think he adds,' Divine love is a calm and resolute determination of the will to seek God, undistracted by creatures. This fidelity to the grace of God is indeed constantly shown me by my husband.' " The next time Geraldine was alone with Do Grey, something occurring to make her recal the obsei'va tion of Miss Graham, that she appeared inditlerent whether she were " admired or neglected, praised or dispraised," she said, " For some time past, praise, however soothing at the moment, has so completely passed from my mind,that in vain should I attempt to recall the language in which it has been uttered ; and this has occurred in too many and re markable instances not to have impressed me with gratitude, for surely this is the work of God." Every advance we make to the conviction that all that is not God is nothing, must be througl,.his grace:' said De Grey; " but still, there may be a natural cause for the faint impression which praise makes on you; because, you are so muchaccustomed to it, that you hear it just as you would any other truism; for instance, that it is a fine day, when not a cloud is in the sky, or breeze troubling the earth. and in the same way you forget she praise, as one fine day succeeding another prevents any distinct remembrance of them apart; while the slightest blame, like a passing hail-storm, disturbs perhaps the complacency of your fair weather feelings, and you remember it as an intrusion, and an injury." **That is indeed true:' said Geraldine, " 1 still remain too sensible to blame; not a word or look ot censure is ever forgotten, and will even rise in im portarmce in the retrospect." I think that there is more self-love than hu mility in this,"' said De Grey ; **it is not until by corresponding faithfully with the grace of God, he rewards us with sufficient strength to conquer na tore, that we can renounce and fly from the opinions and judgment of creatures, and approach God." .5But if we have incurred the disapprobation of those who are friends and favourites of God," satil Geraldine,"* we may then grieve P" SWe may. and ought to grieve," said Dun Grey, "*If we have incurred their censure, inasmuch as we have thereby offended God. Personal feelings. however, and misunslerstandings, ought not toaflict the soul. God often permits the greatest saints to try each, other severely, yet without sin. But you know all this far better than I can sell you, Ge raldine.. Why do you isivite me so preach, when 1 ought to be the listener P" " Alt!" cried Geraldine."* you are now telling me that it is a flne day, when not a cloud lsain the sky, or breeze troubling the earth ! When shall I see the hail-storm i'" De Grey. who had risen to leave the room, now returned, nnd taking up a little packet of noses which lay beside Geraldine, lie looked attentively at them, and then said, " If you really desire that I should advise-for it has not yet deserved blame I would say that you are becoming too eager in this afl'air. You seem dIsposed to leave noshinig for Almighty God to do. You surely haeve written and exhorted enough for its human support. Now make so act of resignation of its Ill success', sonl dismiss it from your thoughts except in prayer. "I will be guided by you:' replied Geraldine, " Would you prefer my burning these remaining notes P" **I wouild indeed:' he replim'd; and Geraldine, repressing a sigh, watched the flames as they con sumed the labiours of the morning. At length, ashe said, smiling, " Confess so me, Eustace, that you do not enter ysry warmly into my planks for improving the conidition of our Catholic poof F" " Perhaps not," said he; " at any rate I do not pretend to compare my zeal with yours; for you are always striving to better their condition In life: and were your power equal to your wishes, the poor would cease to exist in the land. A misfortune which. I thank God, is not likely to take place." I should like to see them independent of preca rious bounty." said she, * by the men being pro vided with constant labour." " Ah I but your grand schemes of political economy do not rest here." said De Grey. " You would like to see the son of the laboure,-beconse a small farmer, and his grandson raised to be a great landed proprietor, and member for the county." " No. indeed !" replied she, laughing. "even were I to live to the good old age requisite to watch this spirit of exaltation. But as you have drawn one picture, let me draw its contrast, and place you in the foreground. emptying your purse, while I am lsdling out soup to sturdy mendicants of every age and sex, who, finding it far easier to live on the bounty of the rich than to labour, are content lite Tally to 'take no thought for the morrow, what they shall eat, or what they shall drink, or wherewithal they shall be clothed." - "And why should they not take our Saviour's words just as he spoke them !" said De Grey. " Surely." replied Geraldine," nour fArd intended only. that after we have done what we can, we are to rest without anxious thought." " Geraldine, said De Grey. 1" you have not yet felt the striking dilg'renee which exists between the Protestant and Catholic poor, as regards their con ditiun. The former,-I speak orf the pious slone of each denomination, - look on poverty as an evil from which it is their duty to escape ; the latter, as a condition, not only pronounced blessed by the Saviour, but sanctified by his personal choice. They hear and read of the perils of the rich; they know that many have left, and are daily leaving their possessions, and becoming poor, that they may be rich in heaven. They know, also, that those Ca. tholics who retain the stewardship of their riches, give to the poor as' lending to the Lord ;' and that, on their parts, if they learn not humility, patience, love of sufferings, and conformity to the will of God, they are unfaithful to the means of grace afforded theie by their lowly condition." '* Is it then this preference of poverty and hu miliation." said Geraldine, " which causes such a contrast between the lower orders in Catholic and Protestant countries." " I do not admit that the Protestant states are necessarily more flourishting," replied De Grey; " but of late years, Almighty God has permitted such heavy afflictions to fall on his Church, that in Catholic countries.the peasant is contented to remain stch, while a restless wish to be a greater man than his father actuates every class in the northern states. This is the glory of the political economist, but it is not the glory of the gospel." Soon after this conversation, their friends having left them, De Grey and his wife removed for the summer months to the Meat, where having fewer active duties, Geraldine indulged her increasing love for Catholic books of divinity, and her still greater love of silent thought. Dr Grey. who was btout a reader and a thinker, would interrupt her at length as mntch for her sake as his own. and they would converse on the subjects which interested earl,. One day, liowever, it was our heroine's turn to break the silence, by consilting him respecting her faithful, but now inempetent maid, Mrs. Kelsoe; whose temper lad at lcngth become all but insup portable to herself and others. *' Do you not think, Eistace." said she.," that it is far better to remove from oneself ' dangerous oc casions' of impatience ?" " It is still Better to conquer the impatience." said he. But," said Geraldine, " I really Inve her, and wish to see her happy. She is not so at present, because, being obliged to have alt assistant hi the person of that sweet little Jane, and yet tormented by her jealousy. which she calls her feelings, she is miserable herself, and torments both me and her unfortunate aide-dhe-camp. Wouhl it not be very desirable to give her the south Lodge at Elverton, with everything to make her happy ?" " Why do you consult me about it at all ?" said De Grey. " Because," replied Geraldine, " I wish to do what is best." " I think then;' 'aid De Grey, " by your sending Mrs. Kelsoe into honourable banishment. you would lose the opportunity affbrded you of suffering some thing for God's sake. It is a Catholic principle rnot to seek for much rest, but for much patience;" although without an especial grace, we are not ad vised to seek trials. How often have you admired the aged domestics you see in most of our Catholic families, who have never changed their masters. Attachment and fidelity alone do not effect this." SDid I not think," said Geraldine, " that my dear old friend would be made halipier, by the change, I would not propose tier elevation-to be mistress of tlte Lodge." "I am convinced you wool'] not," said De Grey, " but it is of yourself I am thinking.. What other trial htave you ? None whatever 1 Do not therefore shrink from this. The principle of receiving all suffering as a positive good to the soul, will enable you to bear it." Mrs. Kelsue, therefore, was to remain, and her lady willingly consented to suhler, until the formter should spontaneously offer to resign tier office, which soon after their return to Elvertun took place. to the relief and promotion oh lier long- tried assis tant. Her feelIngs were soothed by the charge of the south Lodge. where she was often visited by tier lady, and where site often enterteainetl ortier guests by the account of lscr traveha. Above all, of her having actually seen, the pope, who loaokl as much of a Christian as any of them ! SAll is calm arounrl you now, Gecallitte," said De Grey, ". yet. ' Like ships that have gone down at sea, When heaven was all tranquility,' yotu are drooping both iin health and siririts. Is the trial within F" Geraldine looked up and smiled, hut thr sr'.:ile was not froto the heart, and all that could be extracted from her was, that shte was coitsclous of a change within, but could scarcely defuse or comprehend, far less explain it.. De Grey said no mere, hut continucti to olbserve her frequent fits of abstraction, and that, with the exception of works of benevuulence, she would forget every wonted pursuit, to mnuse as she tiortght. unseen. When roused from, and rallied on, thtese absent fits, Geraldine would, as at first, smile, and playfully elude the subject, but soon these abstracted hours were prolonged, and Di' Grey sometimes sor jsrised tier in tears, for which she either woruld not, or could not. account, ano. which began nt length to produce a feeling on his sine of resentment, for this want of confidence; anid something of constraint anil estrangement arose, as a cloitr between them. Onte everting, when, having vaitihy sought her iti lier accustomed liaunts, Dc Grey was passing the cedar grove to make a flesh search, he caught a glimpse of Geraldine's white dress, which theinext instant was lost In the deep foliage; and moved by his wounded and impetuous feelings. he darted up the nearest walk, and again guidesl by a passing glimpse of the white dress, he dashed through the obstructing branches and stood before her. Ge raldine had chosen for her place of refugea circular opening made by the removal of one of the trees, the lower part of the trunk having been left with the root, against which she had just knelt, but arose on hearing the approach of her husband, and both re mained silent. " How have I deserved this ?" at length said De Grey. " Is it after four years of union in love and faith, that you would now fly from me P Have we not together shared all the blessings of the altar P Have we not opened our hearts tp each other, and have I ever controlled your pious exercises ? Have I not rather by my sympathy and approval, given you encouragement ?" Geraldine was still silent, and when De Grey next spoke it was with a voice choked by emotion. How changed the time, Geraldine, when soon after our marriage, having reproached you with smiling on every one as well as an me, you made me this sweet answer ; O Oh, Eustace, what are smiles ? mine, it is true, spring from my happy heart, and call on all creatures to rejoice with me, but you alone can ever have the sacred privilege of my tears !' and have you kept your word P No! you weep in se cret, you dread my intrusion on your solitude, you even deny me a reply !" De Grey bent his look keenly on Geraldine as he spuke, for hitherto, at the slightest word or even tone of rebuke from him, her sensitive feelings would overpower her,and lie would be forced to become the comforter. He now stood awaiting the moment in which lie might approach and pardon lier, and as site continued to cover her face with her hands, he expected to see the tears trickle through them, lut when Geraldine removed them, her eyes were tearless, and her countenance, though sad, was calm and resolved. " Yes," at length she said, " I will speak. I will open to you my whole heart. I could not have kept any earthly secret from you, and in my heart I have told you this, but I had not courage to give you pain, and all my prayers, and all my communions. " have been offered for strength to tell you-that I that a great change has come over me,-1 no longer oh ! Eustace, I canhlove you only in God !" It was now De Grey's turn to be silent; an un defined sense of approaching bereavement strutck on his heart. Geraldine continued-" Indeed I wished long since to tell you this, and in answer to my prayers, strength seemed to be given use in my dream of last night." " Your dream," echoed De Grey, impatiently You are forbidden by the Church to place confi dence in dreams." "' But I will only use it," said Geraldine, to illus trate the state of my soul. I was alone, and look ing up to heaven, when a dove sesce ded and nestled in my besom. I began to caress it, but it left me again for heaven, then returned -then left ms" again returned-and thus it continued until I awoke. Oh, Eustace. I am like that dove, I am borne above this world, and raised in spirit to joy I never knew till now, and then I return to my earthly love." " And so you ought," cried De Grey. " You are not called to spend your life in raptures; but these favours are given you that you may be still more faithful to those duties and ties on earth,- to whics in the sight of heaven you are pledged." " I do not think," said she, " that the happiness I enjoy, when alone with my God, can be called a rapture or ecstacy, for I am not borne out of myself -I do not lose my identity, although I forget it, for I neither think nor reason about anything. I am conscious of the presence of God, in an imme diate, awful, yet sweet manner, and I seem to desire no more. I do not pray or praise; all the active powers of my mind seem tushed-my heart seems calmly content-and thus 1 remain till something external rouses me." " And then," replied De Grey, " you ought to return with renewed vigour to the duties of your state. Do you suppose that I have no struggle to prevent my affections for you becoming too en grossing P Do you suppose that I forget that I must love you in God and for God-can it be possible that you wish to leave me." " I do not wish to leave you," said Geraldine. " 1 trust not." said he, " for were you to do so, you would be most guilty in the sight of Heaven. Remember that, in the instances which, perhaps, you have in your mind, of the early saints, the con sent of both parties was necessary, and I do not give mine-I, at least, will remain faithful to that sacra ment which is the symbol of Christ and his Church, and which made us one." " Ah ! Eustace," cried she," you think me wrong, and I have given you pain, yet you would hs'e the secrets of my heart." I prefer knowing them." said he; but, believe me, that it is very contrary to your usual judgment and steady piety, to suffer dreams and vain fervours to draw you from me." "Alas I alas I" cried she, " they must appear vain fervours, but-" SYes, Geraldine, they are so; and if yost will, for once, yield your judgment to mine, you will be happy." **For once!", cried she. "* Oh, Eustace, 1 have been ever submissive to you." "You have, Geraldine been subhmissive, and your submission hias beets adorned with every grace that could render it acceptable to God, for whose sake you have yielded your will: bhtl Inmsw ask-and for the first time I ask it-the suibmission of your under stamiding-thmis. inasmuch as it is more difficult and more painful, is more heroice; but there was a limeI when nothing could seem difficult or painful, if done for God sod for me." " If it be really for God and for you, no sacrifice could seem great," said sihe. SWell then," said De Grey,!' malke the sacrifice of these solitary musings, of these secret ecatacies, for a while at least, and in lise mean time we-will both pray thsat you may see the delusion if it be one." If it be one," repeated she. SAh I Geraldine," cried lie, " you cannot yield; and yet, believe me, that God raises far mere the humility which mistrusts itself, than all tlte raptures imaginable." Geraldine replied not, but stood silently in prayer, her eyes raiselI to Heaven, and Do Grey felt his heart beat as lie awaited the result. At length, slowly approselhing hinm, she knelt at his feet and wept. A Ilush of joy overspread Isis face as he raised her. " Where is the poor dove now.P" asked Its, ten- dlerly. "*On earth I oo earth I" sighed Geraldine. SYet'* bleesed are time poor in spirit,' ', said Do Groy," " fur their's is the kingdom of Heaven. (T'e be continued.) 