THE CHARTISTS. In our fourth pago, under the head of Politics for the People, will ho found an impartial inquiry into the real principles of Chartism. We regret, thut in this placo, it is our duty to record fresh instances of tho raslinoss aud imbecility ot the leaders who now seem to guide that movement. j London papers to the 4th of Juno have reached the colony, and we learn, that so , soon as tho news of Mitcholl's conviction , arrived in town.it was agreed by tho various | Chartist Clubs thut tho members should j arm themselves (or u demonstration on the | night of Monday, tho 2!)th of May, and that ! Clerkenwoll Green should he the place of | mooting. A second edition of the Kenning- : ton Common burlesque was enacted ; and j the staves of the 'specials' did ample exe cution on the noodles who ' fraternized ' on the occasion. Wo will not weary our readers with the tedious minutim which t he Sunday papers have inflicted on their Cockney patrons ; but, in humble rhyme, will attempt aescripuuii ui viuiKeuwuu vjtiucii auu The Midnight Review. slightly altered from the german orioinal.) On tho Green that men call Clerkcnwell tho midnight hour is dark ; No Gent is there on business— no Gent upon a lark; But a pale and spectral drummer paceth slowly up and down, And the music of his instrument rolls sadly o er the town. Then straightway Clerkonwell is peopled thiclc with shapes of air — . . The signers of the Chartists' great petition all are there ; Four millions of Nobodies, without or fu'sh or blood — Their shadowy high-lows never left a foot-print on tbo mud. In apooryphal battalion the " Pugnose" heroes stand, ! The " Flatnose" regiment musters near — an awful phantom hand ; The martial form of Sibthorpe goes dimly stalk ing by, And the Roman nose of Wellington is seen against the sky ! lint murk that group of chieftains, with faces long and wan — 'T is tho Delegates who travel ed in the Snig- send patriot van — There scowls the warlike Cuffuy, there smiles the phrensied Jones, Ami there tho gallant Williams goes prancing o'er the stones. But round one awful leader the shadowy staff attends, Before one warrior phantom each Generul lowly bends; That "host liath burly bearing — that ghost hath reddish hair, 'Tishe! Salute, yo squadrons ! Great Foargus' self is there ! Right down tho long battalions lie cast his glit tering eye. In wnrlike pomp tho proud array tramps, slowly inarching by ; : And as he marks tho dusky ranks of every I wheeling file, ! The slmrn Napoteon's curling lip relaxes to a I smile. ' lie whispers low to Murphy — that podgy man of ; war — And 'mill tho rustling legions Hios the message, j fast and far. I ts the watchword and the countersign which through the rnnks have spun — The first is " Cut, and conquer," but the last is " Cut and Run !" Iln ! see amid the darkness stalks a figure stern anil tall ! And Fonrgus faintly murmurs "Sauoe qui peut 1 — a Special ! It dimly shook a staff aloft, and all the vast I array At that shadow of a Special faded meltingly away. CHARTISM REALLY AT WORK. Leaving thu mock republicans of Clerkon well, wo turn to tho country, where we find the Chartists seemingly in earnest, and eager for tho fray. Tito following is a version of tho Outbreak at Bradford. For some time past it had been known to the , authorities of Bradford, Halifax, Bingley, and ' other towns in the West Riding, that the j Chartists were arming and enrolling themselves 1 in clubs, which tliev call " Life and Property j Protrclive Societies," or "National Guards;"; nnd that tlieso clubs assembled both in and out j of the towns for the purpose of being drilled in I military evolutions by their commanders or j " Generals." Bradford has boon tho stronghold of these insane and seditious proceedings, anil the Chartists of that town and neighbourhood have all along avowed their determination to dmi iv hi, uuiJiiiui wivii niu vnu ur nmituij authorities, when the time cutiio. j On Sunday, May 28, an immense gathering of ; Chartists took place at Wilsden, a country vil- I Inge midway between Bradford, Bingley, Halifax, ; and Keighley, Sir., where training und drilling j were openly practised From 2000 to 3000 men, j armed principally with bludgeons, and preceded mostly by black banners with pike heads, j marched in military array upon the ground, and j went through various evolutions, preparatory j to the commencement of the meeting. The | determination was there expressed of resisting j by arms any attempt on the part of the authori ties to capture the loaders; and the chairman ; told iiis followers that the infantry brought into : the town would lie a good job for thu Chartists, j as they could now arm themselves cheaply by ; disarming tho military ; " and for us generuls," j he remarked, "the dragoons' horses will just j suit us, because, when we come to the struggle, j then we generals must ride." There was no outbreak, hut a great deal of seditious and treasonable language was employed liy the various speakers. At the conclusion, the assem blage, which had withstood the pelting of a terrific stnrm of thunder, lightning, and rain, marched back to the respective towns in tho same military order in which they came. Meanwhile, the authorities at Bradford had not been idlo. Nearly 2060 special constables, including men of all ranks, were sworn in ; the pulico wcro armed with cutlasses, and two companies of the 39 h regiment of foot two I i>nnne nf flirt /till ilrmrnnn irnnrrl!!. nnrl nhnilt thirty horse artillery, with two field pieces, were despatched on Saturday from Leeds, and two companies of tho 81st were ordered from t Hull. The West Yorkshire Yeomanry were called out, and tho Yorkshire Hussars were also inarched to thu most advantageous points. Tho first actual outbreak occurred at Bing- loy, on Friday last, when two Chartist leaders were captured by the police, charged with drilling some " National Guards," and taken before Busfield Ferrand, Esq , by whom they were cummittcd to York Castle. As soon as this capture became known, the alarm was given, and upon the police attempting to con vey their prisoners to the railway station, they were surrounded by two or tlirco thousand persons, who dreadfully beat thorn, and rescued their prisoners, and they got ulcnr off. Indeed, so emboldened were those parties, that one of the rescued men was a speaker at the Wilsden i meeting on Sunday, und was vociferously I cheered when lie recounted the success of this first lit tic entente. We conclude our extracts with tho fol lowing account of the Seizure of Chartists at Leeds. Deeds, vv edn esiiav . — i tils morning, snoruy after seven o'clock, about sixty of the 52nd Regiment of Infantry, and about tho same | number of pensioners, arrived at Bingley, I having travelled by a special train from Brad- ford. Nearly at the same moment two troops ! of the Yorkshire Hussars inarched into the j town from Otley. The immediate cause of the ! soldiers being marched into Bing'.ey was in j order to assist the civil authorities in the appro- I hension of a number of men who, on Friday i last, rescued two prisoners named Thomas Kil- vington and William Smith, who Mr. Buslield Ferrand, late M.I', for Knarsborough, had committed to York Castle for training indivi duals in military movements. The military and the pensioners, with fixed bayonets, accompanied Mr. Ferrand and some of the police to several mills and workshops, where sixteen men wero apprehended, who are known either to have taken part in the rescue on Friday last, or to have beer, engaged in drilling. All the prisoners were conveyed to York Castle, whero they wero examined before the magistrates on Thursday. Tho soldiers remained in the town, but no outbreak wus ap prehended. In Leeds all was quiet. Tho caution issued by the magistrates against drilling seems to have produced a good effect. 