OPINIONS OF THE PUBLIC JOURNALS. From the Times ! I he Model Rki'ublic and Repudiation. — It would seom tlmt one of tho grounds upon which what is called swindling in England becomes fair trading in America, is, that were European com munities governed by tho ballot-box and other democratic paraphernalia, their public debts would not bo worth a dav s purchase. We must demur entirely to this plea. If the form of Go vernment in America be such that public opinion runs too strong against men who would fain pay their debts, that form of Government should be changed and the ballot-boxes cast into the Mis sissippi amongst tho snngs and sawyers. It is one of the very worst features in tlio breach of all faith displayed by tho repudiating American Sta'es, and the absence of central control at some portion or other of tho political machine, that thoy have brought free institutions into discredit, and cast suspicion upon the namo of liberty. Thero is not a despotic Government in Europe whoso hands have not been strengthened by tho recent conduct of certain States of the American Union, and still more by the fact that American statesmen liavo not blushed to come, even anony mously, in defence of their violation of honesty and fair dealing. We will admit for a moment what our Boston correspondent asserts, that four- fitths of tho entire population cither never con tracted a debt or never committed a default. Let all praise be given to. them for non-rascality. They are entitled just to so much encomium,, and no more, as_wo bestow upon a man who passes, through life without forging a check or embezzling ln's employer's money. But then comes the caso of. the remaining fifth of the popu lation of the model republic. A portion of those who had stopped payment liavo begun to pay- dividends anew. Wo have no wish to rip up old sores ; hut thus much is certain, that the Ameri can name will not reeover for half a century the- slur which has bccon cast upon it, even by tlie temporary cessation of payment on the part of their States, at a time when by a moderate self- taxation they might have satisfied the just claim of their creditors. Mississippi, however, stands aloof— -she is determined to keep thh scqxtdai alive. Thanks tq her, we shall continue to. liavo an uneasy feeling in our breeches pockets when, ever a sallow man. with limp hair passes lis in the public streets. Her answer to her. European creditors is, " Go to law with us i'n America." Wo refer our readers to another column for. the opinion which a Mississippi victim entertains of the remedy. It is quite m vain for tho honest portion of tho United States to assert tlmt bci caqsc thoy have had no direct share in tho guilt and turpitude of the repudiating Statpsj thereforo they' aro to stand clear. At any 'rate they tiro citizons of a country in wlijcli sucli acts are'com- initted with imppriity.; and sucli unfortunately lor them is their form of Government, that, wlien aqts for which in Europe a bankrupt would bp refused his certificate are committed by their fellowioitizens, 'public opinion is busy to palliate, to oxcuse, to applaud, not to censure aud coii- domrt, ' The Oak Chest Tragedy at Glasgow. The Glasgow Constitutional furnishes the fol-: lowing additional particulars respecting the three poor boys who were accidentally shut up in a stable corn-chest at Glasgow from Saturday nJirlit till Monday morning,' under tlie circum stances "previousix' detailed It is melancholy 'but gratifying to" think on the 1 conduct of thp "poor boys to, one another, xvhen placed in their awful position. They endeavoured to support each other's courage as xvell as possible; they cried its long as they could for assistance, hut no oii.e heard them, though they were not fifteen yards front their parents' roof. . They pushed .their heads tip so as to raise the. lid, at the end in xvhich Robert, the, youngest, was confined; and xvith a ;discriminatipn hey ond his_ years, he fortunately put a marble in the cliink to keep it open', -which served, him, of course, to. breathe more freely! James xvas next to his little bro ther, being in the mid compartment, where there xvcre some beans, and, xvith the utmost sa gacity and consideration, he managed to push 'through a few of them to his companions in dis tress .to appease thoir hunger. He directed them not to eat too many, for fear of becoming thirsty, and expressed his fears that he xvould soon die. Before giving up hope, Charles, the eldest, endeavoured to cut a hole. in the chest; 'but in this attempt lie cut his hand, and the .blade of his penknife broke. They then re signed themselves to their sad fate, and after. ' being exhausted xvith unavailing shouts and cries, which xvere not heard on earth, they praiscwor- thily .and solemnly repealed portions of the pa- 'rapHrasUs, and finally addressed themselves to ,'. 1 , ..tha-Hclarer and Answerer of prayer. Charles died first, after bidding bis cousins farexvell ; James then bade his brother good bye, and spoke of his dear mamma, xvho xvould never see liim Again. He became so faint, he said he had just other three breaths to draw, and requested that Robert xvould not speak to him. There xvas a loud heavy breath, in a fexv seconds ano- 1 thcr, aud, in about a miuute, a deep loud sigh, and death closed his eyes for ever. Robert soon after fell asleep, but be awoke on the Sab bath morning, and heard, distinctly, the ring of the bells during the day. He slept occasionally till the Monday morning at 6 o'clock, xvhen he heard the men about the stable, xvlicn ho xvas able to make such a noise as led to his discovery.' A Buried Woman alive.— " Truth is strange, stranger than fiction," anil tho folloxving story is not inoro extraordinary titan true; — Two or three weeks ago tho daughter of an old soldier, who resided in Miller-street, in tho north-eastern part of the city, xvas seized xvith fever, and xvas convoyed to 0110 of tho hospitals. The old man, of course, made frequent inquiries at the hospital as to tho progress ot the disease, and xx-as pained to learn, on every visit, that ltis daughter xvas gradually getting xvorse. At last he recoix-cd tho melancholy; information that sho xvas dead. Tlio necessary arrangements xvoro made for the fu neral, and the body xx-as interred in Sighthill Cemetery, on Tuesday of last xveek. On Tues day last, xvliilo the mother of the buried xvoman was engaged in her usual household avocations, the door sloxvly opened, and, lo I there entered, pale and emaciated, tlie figure of her dead daugh ter, xvhich uttered the xvord " mother." " Yc caiiua get in here — ye canna get in hero!" ex claimed tho affrighted mother, "your father buried you last xveek." And having thus en deavoured to lay the ghost, fainted. On coming to lior senses, and observingthounxvolcoino visitor sitting in the house, she rushed down stairs to the xvorkshop of her husband, and exclaimed, in tlio same x'oico of extreme terror, " Oh, tlio daughter yc buried last xveek is sitting up stairs !" and sho xvent off in another fit, while the hus band in terror arid surprise dropped the imple ments of ltis craft, with xvhich at tiie time lie xvas engaged. Wltou tho old couple had recovered a little self- nosscssion, neighbours were called in, the haunted house xvas entered, and there Fat- not an intrusive, ill-bred ghost, but tlie veritable daughter, pale and thin, but as truly in life as ex'cr she xvns. Here xx-as a mystery not easily to bo solved at the moment, but subsequent in quiries showed that tho daughter and an Irish- xvoman of nearly a similar nanio lay in tho hospital next bed to each other. Ilence the mistake of tho father, being misinformed as to the state of his daughter's health ; and xvhcu tho Irishwoman died Iter body xvas given to tho sup posed father, arid, from tho circuinstanco of tho virulence of the disease, interred xvithout identi fication. — Glascow Examiner. Jenny Lixd about to be Married. — It is re ported that Jotnty Lind xvill bestoxv her hand on the Rev. Mr. Grote, of Burnham Breeches, neat- Slough. — Kent Herald. — There is 110 truth that Jenny is to bo married to a clergyman at Slough. It is xvcll knoxvn that sho is to bo united to a gentleman in our neighbourhood. — Dover Paper, — Sotno of tho journals have selected a husband for Jenny Lind, but xvo can assure our readers that the fair songstress has accepted an offer froiri a xvcalthy gentleman, tho oxvner of large iron xvoi-ks in our neighbourhood. — Birmingham Pa per All our coteinpovai-ies aro speculating in matter xvith xvhich tlioy have no earthly concern. I Jenny Lind is neither to bo married to a clergy man nor a xvoalthy Birmingham iron master. Site has accepted an offer from a cutler in our town. — Sheffield Paper.— Wo (laro say tho Shef field Paper thinks to astonish its readers, in announcing the probablo marriago of Jenny Lind ; but xvo aro not surprised at any tiling that tho Editor of such a journal may utter. Tlio truth is, that tlio son of a military officer here, happened to be in tho lady's company ut a private party in London. Looks wore exchang ed; heavy breathings and suppressed .sighs foi- loxved. Our young hero popped tlio question ; and ho xvas, to uso a Court term; graciously ac cepted. Tlio marriago xvill take placo xvhen Jenny ,has a little spare time on her hands. — Tipperary Chronicle.' — We have an .announco- auent to make xvhich xvill startle our readers Jenny Lind . has accepted an offer ot marriago from the Editor of a woll- Unoxvn journal in this toxv.ii.— Manchester Paper.-- Jenny Lind is about to bo led to the hymeneal altar by , Captain jGammon, of the Royal Horse .Guards (Blue); and xvo understand, liei- Majesty has announced her gracious intention of giving tyway tlio bride. — Court Circular. . , ' Tho parish clerk of Wi.nkloigh lias a" salary of a guinea a year for. winding 'up the church clock daily.'" To earn tliis sum lio. has to travel 102 miles, ascend and, descend 29,Q0Q' stops, arid haul up 18 tons weight 20,000 yards. Verily, this is not an occlpgi'astical sinecuro. 'Tho' Women 'of Israel havo subscribed for a testimonial to Miss Grace Aguilar, in acknoxv- lodgmerit of tlio . litorary services rendered by her to tlio character and religion of their nation. .. This memorial xvas last month .presented, in tlie form, of a touching and' affectionate address— a very beautiful silver inkstand, as xve are inforrii- ed, and "a purse containing the "surplus of the fuud. collected. 'Tliei remains '.'of ,a largo coral reef ,liavo been found in tho valley pf the Mississippi, tlio gigarir tic branches of xvhich shot up several ; feet into a beautiful arborescent .form. At tlio ' base . xyerc tlio fossil remains of the huge, luglodon, sharks, fishes, .'&c.r;'many. of the 'former' from forty to one hundred feet long, winding in' serpentine form among the coral. Oysters measuring fifteen inches, in length, and xycighing from ten to fif teen lbs., xvero also found. , 1 ;j_The Manchester Unity of Odd Folloxx-s lias received an addition to their numbers of 110 less a personngo thau Lord Dudley Coutts Stuart, one of tfio candidates for tlie borough of Mavylo- hone. The initiation took place at the Star of Norfolk Lodge, Rising Sun, New-voad. He be- ltavod with great liberality toxvards the xvidoxvs and orphans' fund, atid his health xvns proposed and drank with much enthusiasm. It is added that a medal is to be struck in commcmoraton of tho event. Tito Ihdependant de t'Ouest, a Lcgitimatist journal, published at Laval, has boon prosecuted for. not, having published a fragment of a letter of /urn'Mif, xvrittdn in September, 3771, and ad- (lrcssod to George the III, King of England, to gether xvith, an extract from a speech dolivered by Mr, Wyndham, in the Engl'tsh Parliament. The accusations of, avarice, egotism, ambition, and corruption contained in those fragments havo boon considered by tlie laxv officers of tlie Crown -as an offence against the person of tiie King of the French I In the entrance porch of St. Mnry Magdalene's . Church, Taunton, is painted — "'This is 110110 other than tho House of God, and this is the Gate of Heaven," and close underneath is a largo placard on xvhich is — " Tltero being a great de ficiency iii tho funds for tlio restoration of this church, it is hoped that visitors xvill not ob ject to tho payment of sixpence on admission," thus making a charge of sixpence for admission to the Gato of Heaven. Great Telegraph Experiment. — New Haven was put in telegraphic communication with To ronto, Upper Canada, recently, and messages were instantly exchanged between the two cities. The route is via New York, Albany, Rochester, Buffalo [NY], and then crosses the Niagara River, below the falls, passes round Lake Ontario, to Toronto, the entire distance being nine hundred, miles ! The experiment was a most successful one, and the distance was overcome with as much apparent case and promptness as between New Haven and Harford. It was the longest distance ever traversed by the lightning in a continuous unbroken line. A Ricn Voice. — By recent English files xve perceivo that Jenny Lind has demanded £15,000 from Lumly, of the Italian Opera House, for tlio season, (generally about four months), xvhich xvill bring it close on £1000 per xveek ! At Brighton, xvhoro she .xvas expected for a foxv days, some difficulty xvas experienced in providing accommodation for the great inrtux. of visitors. Tho price at tho Theatre, to hear her, xvere announced as Two Guineas for the boxes, Thirty Shilling for tho pit, and One Gui nea for the gal lory. The Monetary Crisis. — In order that the actual state of tlie Money Market may be under stood, it may bo necessary to explain the princi ple upon which a large amount of tlio discount business of the metropolis is transacted in ordi nary times. In the ordinary course of business it is estimated that tlie London discount brokers, or rather discount bankers, transact business to the amount of 150 millions sterling per annum, exclusive of the regular banks. Tito capital to carry 011 this important branch of trade is almost exclusively derived from money lodged by de positors, either returnable at fixed- periods or on call, and in this xvay tlio sub-division lias been extensively useful. A largo portion of tlie money is often furnished by the county banks situate in districts xvhere surpluses aro being tiuoxvn off, and bills are re-discounted for other banks in districts xvhere capital is deficient. The London discount houses, in consequence of thoir alxvays paying depositors within a small fraction of the interest current in the market, have of into years been groxving rapidly in importance as the most efficient distributors of capital in tlie xvorld. In the ordinary state of things, thev often receive large advances from tlie Bank of England 011 tlio deposit of commercial bills lodged as security, accompanied xvith tlicir oxvn guarantee, and their profit is made from charging their clients apply ing for discount a little higher than tlio Bank rate. Now, in the present stato of discredit all these houses may be said to be virtually anni hilated for all practical purposes. Nearly all tlicir deposits hax-e been xvitlidraxvn, and "thus the means of discounting commercial bills to the extent of about half-a-milliou per day is extin guished. Bankers and merchants are compelled, for their own security, to call in aud retain their resources, and keep them under their oxvn iin- mcdiato control until tho storm bloxx-s ox-cr, so that in such an emergency there is no resource for them but the Bank of England, or a most trcmcudous sacrifice of their property. To such a length litis mistrust been now carried that tlie latter resource can scarcoly be considered ax-ail- able xvithout producing ultimate ruin, whilst, on tlio other hand, tlio Bank of England is disabled from atjfonliiig the required aid by tlio shackles imposed by the Act ot 1844. There is 110 other alternative, therefore, but to relievc tlio Bank from theso trammels, temporarily at least, or to permit tlie sacrifice of hundreds of industrious r nenrivinnr fnmilinc flint miicf cami ciiDAutnlx trv tlin vwww «"© v.M.v tuxidv avw » tmvvutuw vw vuv storm. — Morning Herald. JLiie faririt Trade. — It having been ascer tained to bo the practice at somo of tho outports to admit rum xvhich has been reduced xvith xx-ater in the bonded xvarchouscs or vaults, to enter for home 'consumption, and it appeared that such practice is objectionable, and attended xvith great inconvenience to tho rox-enuc, and is nioro- ox-cr unnecessary for tlie accommodation of tho public, inasmuch as spirits can noxv be imported in casks of twenty gallons content each, thereby affording to all parties tho opportunity of pur chasing the article in small quantities as import ed, and of afterwards reducing it xvhen in their oxvii possession equally as free from adulteration as if reduced whilst under bond, tho Board of Customs liax'o directed that tlio practico of ad mitting for homo consumption spirits reduced xvith xvater in tho bonded xx-arehouses, or other promises, bo forthwith discontinued. Tlio order is of much importance to the trado.— Bell's WseJclg Messenger. 