. POLICE REPORT. Ciix S&8AH Jordan — So Sarah Jordan was called, eye. Btid the came at that call. *- What do you charge ber with,' quoth the clerk of the Bench to the Conitabte, ' drunkenneBi.' On the usual interrogatory,— « Guilty or not Guilty,' Sarah, in dulcet tone, replied, ' Gui'.tjr.' You are fined fire shilling!, still the ' fine's the crown' ' to Shakespear wrote, so alto wrote the clerk.' ,, Tdb Ghost or Bavcioo.— Richard Cotton wat charged by Constable Dooming, with disturbing the public peace on Satur day evening last, in Wellington-street. On the prisoner enter ing the office, liis appearance certainly qualiBed him to face any ' Macbeth' of the present day; Cotton's face exhibiting the appearance of a ' rguge et noir table' his garments ?? all clotted frith gore' ; as they now are, would be an excellent theatrical property, for the Ghost of Banquo ; the prisoner not content with s Mashing the windows of his duelling house, most unmercifully ?ad brutally teat bis wife; be pleaded guilty to the charge, and was fined five shillings. The woman from the inhuman treatment she rewired, lio in a very precarious state. Mary Ann Kkehb Bo»lw- Oct.— On Mary Ann Cum entering the office, (be teeased determined to convince the magis. tnte, that although ibe had failings, her fpeecb did not fail her. Constable Duflield, chaiged Mary Ann Keene with being found drunk in an empty bouse in St. John-street, at half-past 8 o'clock on Sunday Morning last; to tbii charge Mary Ann replied, not guilty. Constable DuEeld on being (worn, deposed, that he found her in » state of intoxication, and be had great difficulty in taking her to the Watchhouse ; the fair defendant looking daggers at Duffield, (aid, 'sure and did not yourself meet wid me, and 'tice me to the house, and bad luck to yer sowi did not you fetch me the ?? potheen' that made me drunk. Tie Bench called on Mary, to silence her unruly member, observing, she bad admitted having been drunk, and should (end her for fourteen days to the Factoiy; again «Miss Keene' let loose ber tongue ; ' and where are the three half-crowns yer took from me?' The Constables here took the prisoner away to durance vile. A female holding a ticket.of-leave, but who seemed to be well acquainted with a quotation from Dryden { ?? Tis seldom seen that Senator* so young, know when to speak, and when to hold their tongue,' pleaded guilty to the charge of being found drunk in Bathurtt-ttreet, on Saturday last. As this wai ber first appearance, the was admonished and discharged. On the sum of two and three-pence and two and nine-pence being banded over tober; and which had been taken from her on Saturday night at the Watch house; a Constable observed with a knowing look, ?? i«*« Hie lip for a fine.' MONDAY. Aicohol— The imbibers of ' Old Tom' '? Blue Ruin' ' Sir John Barley Corn' and ' XX,' bring few in number, were speedily dfrpotedof; from the limited attendance of antiteetotal ten, it may be inferred, that 'aquae purat' is in the ascendant. Cbarob or FblonV.— Two women named Hawkins and Denver, were ushered into the presence of the P. M. under the following circumstances. It appeared that a man named Field, was in company with ihe two prisoner* late on Saturday night, at the house of a shoemaker, in George.ttreet ; Field, misting (ome money, went out, and meeting Constable Dufiey, told him the circumstance ; Duffej accompanied Field to the house in question, took the fo women (Hawkins sod Denver) into custody, Denyer gave DuBey a one-pound-note at a 'sweetner,' the constable'* integrity would not yield to ' filthy lucre,' but be marched Mrs. U. and Mrs. D. to ?' durance vile.' At the Watchbouse, a search was commenced, and on the clothes of a little baby, belonging to the woman Denyer, a one- pound-note was found ; the prosecutor Field, being uuable to identify the notes produced, and hii semes at the time of the alleged robbery, teing ' rayther' obtusified by the ' potent enemy,' the women were discharged ; as the two one-pound-notes were neither claimed nor identified, they were forfeited to the Crown. Ecox v Slater. ? Constable Ecot laid an information against a peison named Slater, for allowing hi* bone to graze in a public thoroughfare in Launceston ; Ihe defendant pleaded not guilty. Constable Ecot, on being sworn, deposed, that on Thursday last, he (aw a horse grazing in the vicinity of George-itreeti he called Constable Brown to assist him in taking Slater'* Bucephalus to to the pound, but the high mettled animal scorning to be ?' trapped' shewed Messrs. Brown and Ecot its various capabili ties, either for the race coune, the field of battle, or Radford's Circus ; after performing sundry feats, to the astonishment and terror of a vait quantity of spectator* it galloped towards the domicile of Mr. Slater, the yard gate wai open, and there stood Mrs. Slater with a wisp of bay in ber hand, Bucephalus, as a last display, darted his hind feel in rapid succession at ' Her Majesty** Blues' (and lots of volunteers who had joined in the punuil)aud then sought refuge in Slater's stable. Constable Brown \- on being sworn, fully corroborated the statement of Ecot ; Brown was cross examined by Slater, who wished to make it appear, that neither the horse nor the lady with the wisp of hay, belonged to him; but failing to shake the evidence of ?' Blue' Brown, the Magistrate after an excellent admonition to Slater, on the im propriety of allowing bis hone to be at large in the public tho roughfares, and also adverting to the several accidents that have happened in similar cases, be fined Slater, ten shillings, and twelve shillings costs. Ecot ti GainriTBS.— The defendant in this case who pleaded guilty resides near the Bridge in Tamar-street, was fined five shillings for permitting his cow, to, be grazing in George-street, on Monday, the 18ib instant. 