THE ROMISH CONTROVERSY. NO. XII. Purgatory. We have now examined in order the doctrines of the Church of Rome, respecting the Rule of Faith, the Sacraments, Justiflcatio a, and Tran- substantiation, as contained in the first six Arti cles of Pope Pius's Creed. The remaining Ar ticles will be more speedily disposed of. The Seventh Article is as follows " 1 constantly hold that there is a Purgatory and that the souls therein detained are helped by the suffrages of the faithful." As a commentary on this article, we find the following in a little book called The Catholic School Book "The sonls of some, who have not been very good during part of their lives, and yet have received pardon of their sins, will go for mime into a prison calle.d Purgatory." And in a small Catechetical Treatise, entitled An Abridgement of Christian Doctrine," pub lished by Authority of Aichbisbop Polding, we have the following account of this curious in- vatilvon vcilllvll 44 What do you mean by Purgatory ? A mid dle state of soulsasu(feriug fur a time on ac count of their sins. What souls go to Purgatory ? Such souls a8 depart this Hie la lesser sins, which we call venial. Do any other souls go to Purgatory ? Yes. such sonls as leave this world before they have fully discharged the debt of temporal punish ment due for their mortal sius ; the guilt and etetnal punishment of which have been re mitted.' And as the Church of Rome seals every doc trine with a curse, the Council of Trent tellg us, with regard to the particular doctrine of Pur gatory, that 44 If any man shall shr, that after the grace of justification, his fault and the guilt of eternal : punishment are so remitted and cancelled to the uenitent sinner, there remains uo guilt of temporallpunishmentjto be paid by him either in this Hie, or hereafter in Purgatory , before he can attain to the kingdom of Hea ven ! !' Let himjbe accursed. Sess. vi. Can. 30. Let as now examine the alleged proofs of this doctrine offered by the Church of Rome. And first, there are certain passages in the Apocryphal writings, which are forced into the service, and particularly in the Second Book of Maccabees. But even admitting the construc tion put on these passages by Romish writers be correct, though this is questionable, we refuse them altogether as evidence, because the book containing them is not of divine authority. The Jaws, from whom even theChurch of Rome must confess that she received the sacred scriptures, never recognized this book as canouical ; it is not quoted, or in any way sanctioned by Chrisi or his Apostles, or indeed bygany writer of credit during the first four centuries ; it is not found iu l any ancient catalogue of canonical books of the Old Testament; it does But contain any prophe cy, or other authentic evidence, of its Inspira tion ; on the contrary, it contains many things fabulous, absurd, and inconsistent ; and finally the writer himself plainly tells us that he has no pretensions whatever to divine authority. — See 2 Macr. xv. 28, Another text is Matt xii. 32. 'Whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghott, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this wor/d.neitker in the world to come Romish writers gratuitously iu. fer from this language of Our Blessed Lord, that there are some sins which may be forgiven in the world to come : this forgiveness, they say' cannot be in Heaven, for there it is not requited ; nor iii Hell, for there is no forgiveness; there fore there must be a middle place, or Purgatory This reasoning, which Bellarmine confesses to b© illogical, would scarcely impose upon the under_ standing of a child, as it| is clear enough that Our Lord simply intended to say, in a very em phatic manner, that tbe sin against the Holy Ghost should never be forgiven. But this is only another example of the gross inconsistency of the Church of Rome. Purgatory, as we have seen from her own definitions, is not a place where sius are to be forgiven, but where they are to be punished with a temporal punishment the guilt and eternal punishment having been remitted in this life. If, then, Our Saviour had any reference to Purgatory in this text, He flatly contradicts Himself, for he plainly asserts that the punishment of which He speaks shall never be remitted. Tbe Romish theologians also quote 1 Cor. iii. 15, 4 If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss ; but he himself shall be saved » yet so as by fire.'''' The whole passage includes tbe five preceding verses, aud is worthy of very Careful study. We deny tbe interpretation put on the Apostle's words by the Rbeimish annota- tors and others, who will have it, that the fire spoken of is a real and not a metaphorical fire> though they are obliged to admit that the other expressions, foundation, buiider, gold, silver, wood, nay &c.;, are strongly figurative. The words 4 so as by fire, do not imply, as is asserted jn the Romish books, that any Christians shall be saved by passing through a fire. The expres sion is|a comparison, and suggests the difficulty of salvation— that some men shall be saved as though they were escaping from a fire, or rathe through a fire. CompareAmosiv.i l; Zech' iii. 2. ; J ude 23. ; which passages will shew that the mode of expression was well under stood as indicating an escape at imminent risk from a terrible and overwhelming danger. Bu, even admitting that (he literal interpretation pro posed is correct, it cannot be applied to the Ro mish Purgatory ; for the Apostle says, The fi e shall try every man's work," the good as well as the bad ; but the Purgatory of Rome is fo' those only who are too good to go to Hell, and too bad to go to Heaven. The Purgatory Fire of Rome is to purify and punish ; whereas the fire of the Apostle is fo fry every man's work of what sort it is- Purgatory is to be an abode of human souls ; but tbe fire of the apostle is to try every man's work, and not the man him self. Here the Church of Rome palpably de" feats herself; and the passage she cites become a weapon against her. We have seen some other texts quoted, bu; the interpretations are so very attained that we 3ball not occupy space by discussing them. Those we have noticed are the main props of the doctrine, and we now proceed to state briefly tbe evidence against it. First, The doctrine of Purgatory was not hold by the early Chureh. Even il it had been so held it would not follow that it should there, fore be believed ; but as the Church of Rome boasts so much of antiquity, it is useful some times to shew that her boasiing is vain. There is not one word in the writings of the primitive Fa. tnera, wtnen can be twisted into a confirmation of this doctrine : while on the other hand, there are innumerable passages in almost all of them wholly irreconcilable with it. Fisher, a popish Bishop of Rochester, one of the most violent op ponents of Luther, confesses that, 4 The doc" trine of Purgatory was a long time unknown was rarely if at all heard of among the ancients and to this day the Greeks do not believe it.' A truly remarkable admission ! And to this i, may be added, that in the Decrees of no Council is there the slightest notice of tbe figment, untij that of Florence, in the year 1442. Prayers for the dead are doubtless mentioned by some early writers : there is no doubt that many of tbe Primitive Christians, holding rather low views respeciiug|lhe Millennium, fprayed for the Deadj But their prayers had no reference to purgatoria sufferings, but merely to the final perfection of the glory of the Saints now directly invoked bv Uie Church of Rome. Tbey prayedcfor the Patri. archs, Prophets and Apostles, and for the Virgin Mary herself. If then these prayers are to be ap plied to Purgatory, it follows that the Romish Saints were not in glory. The prayers simply amounted to this — 4tbat God would hasten the re surrection and pronounce a joyful sentence upon the departed in the great day,' The language was no doubt objectionable ; but still it lis very far indeed from proving; any such thing as Purgatory. Secondly, The doctrine of Purgatory is op posed, to express declarations of Holy Scripture We must simply quote a few passages. 44Tne dead know not. anything, neither have they any more a portion for ever in anything that is done under the sun.' Ecc. ix. (5. It Sofomo.; speaks the truth Pope Pius does not, for he says that tbe souls detained in Purgatory have a por tion in the prayers of the faithful. 4 It is ap pointed unto men onceto-die, but after this the judgement. Hebr ix. 27, 4 In the place where the tree falletli, there it shall be.' Ecc xi. 3. 4 He which is filthy, let him be filthy still,' Rev, xxii, II. These may suffice ; though the Scrip ture abounds with language of a similar tendency Bat it is of more consequence to shew that the notion of Purgatory -is at variance witn severa1 fundamental truths of the Gospel. W e there, fore remark, Thirdly, that this doctrine supposes a distinc tion between venial and mortal sins, which has no warrant from God's word . Some sins, says the Church of Rome, though displeasing to God' do not kill the soul. And again. Venial sin is. more easily pardoned than mortal sin. See Abp> Polding1 s Abridt. of Christian Doetrine ' p. 11.) Now, when we read that whososver sailh to his brother, Thou fool, is in danger of heir fire ; —that even an idle word, or the thought o .1 foolishness is a sin, and must be given accoun of in the dav of judgement : — that an angry thought is murder, and a lmtfulBglance alultery, —that 4 whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, is guilty of all — when we read these things, what becomes of the Ro mish distinctions ? What end cun they serve but to make men careless about sin P Fourthly, the doctrine in question is opposed to tbe freeness and perfection of Christ's sal vation. It supposes that some persons die who have not made" full satisfaction for their sins, and that they must go to Purgatory to complete that satisfaction. Now the Scriptures teach, tha Our Blessed Saviour has already by his one offer, ing on the cross made a full perfect and complete sacrifice and satisfaction for the sins of the whole world. To say then that some satisfaction mus be made by the sinner himselt either in this world or in the next, is a libel on Christ's Atone ment. We say nothing of the corrupt and frau !u)e»( practices which have flowed from this doctrine though volumes might be written on that pain ful subject. The question is, whether the doc trine be true ? Aud to that question we reply that it rests solely on the authority of the Church / Rome, being iu direct contravention of com mon sense, of Scriptural testimony, aud of the Gospel oj Christ. 