LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. FRIDAY, MARCH 24. Present-His Excellencoy the Lieutenant Governor, the Colonial Secretary, the Attorney General, Chief Police Magistrate, the Colonial Treasurer, the Colonial Auditor, Captain Swans ton, Captain Fenton, R. Dry, Esq., J. Kerr, Esq., W. Kermode, Esq., J. Dunn, junr., Esq., T. GG. Gregson, Esq., Roderic O'Connor, Esq. Absent--The Clhief Justice,(engaged in the Supreme Court.) DOG hILL. A petition was presented by Mr. Dry, pray ing that the council fix the registration fee for dogs at one shilling. Mr. Kermode presented a petition from-Mr. Hall, praying that the council would delay the passing of the new bill to restrain the indrease of dogs, until the inhabitants had time to pe tition against it. MOTION. Captain Fenton gave notice of the following motions for next meeting of council: 1st. "A copy of the case in the matter of Alfred Garrett, laid by the caveat board before the supreme court, and the opinion of their honors the judges thereon. 2nd. "A copy of the record in the writ of intrusion tried in the supreme court in the case of the Queen v. Penton. 3rd, "A copy of the record in the ejectment of Doe on the demise of Garrett v. Fenton, tried in the supreme court. 4th. "A copy of the record in the ejectment of Doe on the demise of Butler v. Martin, tried in the supreme court. 5th. "A copy of the records in the several ejectments of Doe demise Lord v. Jackson, Addison, and Maclaren, tried in the supreme court." Mr. Dty gave notice of motions for Mon day , l'That a committee of this council be ap [l nted to enquire into the grievances of the ny." "''That the Lieutenant-Governor be requested to lfurnish copies of the recent despatches re lating to the land fund." VOTE. The Colonial Secretary moved that the coun cil do sanction the payment of £15,831 3s. Od. expended in the year 1840, but not voted in the estimates for that year. Eightthousand pounds had been paid to the commissariat; the loan from the Australian Bank of £0000 had been repaid. There had also been a repayment of an advance to the agent-general in England. Mr. Dry inquired if the sum of £6,000, bor rowed from the Bank of Australasia, had been been borrowed with the consent of the legisla tive council. The Colonial Secretary- His Excellency (Sir Eardley-Wilmot) had borrowed it on his oiWn responsibility. Tle motion, being seconded by the attorndy general, was carried by a majority of 10 to ; Messrs. Gregson and Swanston forming the minority. Captain Swanston observed, that lie should enter a protest against this appropriation of the public funds, considering that the council had no constitutional authority to sanction the pay ment. Had the estimates been properly pre pared, the deficiency would not have arisen. ROAD BILL. The Attorney-general moved that the report of the amended Roads Bill be brought up and adopted. Mr. Dry rose, and objected to two several several sections of the act-the 37th and the 21st. The Attorney-General afforded an explana tion of the 87tb, Mr. Dry, referring to the 21st, proposed an amendment, to the effect that the nomination and appointments of surveyors should lie with the commissioners appointed in the several dis tricts, and not with the Lieutenant-Governor. His Excellency remarked, that the object of the clause was to promote an economical distri bution of the moneys collected. Mir. Dry did not appear to agree with his Excellency. A surveyor would not always be required, and being engaged by the inhabitants under contract, great expense would be avoided. OTHER BILLS. The following bills were read the first time: -Prisons Regulation Bill, Amended Quarter Sessions Act Bill, the quieting of Claims to t Grants of Land Bill. The Bill for the prevention of counterfeiting 1 Foreign Coin was read a second time, when the council adjourned till twelve o'clock on Sa- I turday. SATURDAY, MARno 25. Present.-His Excellency the Lieutenant- I Governor and all the members, except Captain Fenton. DOG DILL. Mr. Dry presented a petition that one dog may be kept on the chain free of any registra tion fee, and that the fee for all other dogs shall be Is. REGULATION OP PRISONS DILL. On the motion of the Attorney-General, this bill was read a second time. QUARTER SESSIONS AMENDIMENT DILL. The.second reading agreed to. POREIGN C01N DILL. On the motion of the Attorney-General, the bill was read a second time. TIIE (NEW) DOG ACT. Mr. Dry moved the reconsideration of the 5th clause, so far as regards the tax of 6s. upon each dog. Already several petitions had been received against this very large amount for re gistration; and if time were given he was con fident that similar ones would be forwarded from all parts of the colony. Surely the peti tions of the colonists were entitled to some weight. A low rate of registration would en able many persons to keep one dog for the pro tection of their property, and thus larceny and burglary would often be prevented. He should move that the words "'five shillings," in the fifth clause, be struck out, and the words "one shilling" substituted in lieu thereof. Mr. Gregson briefly seconded the motion. The Attorney-General moved that the 6th clause be altered back to the original draft. Mr. Kermode seconded the amendment. The Attorney-General moved that section 10, which had been struck out, be re-inserted. He had himself been eye-witness to a serious accident to Lieutenant King, in the streets of Hobart Town;. and he knew of authenticated instances of injury, especially to equestrians, by dogs not being under proper control, bark ing and.biting at the heels of the animal, to the imminent danger both of the rider and his horse. The clause would inflict a penalty of not less than 20s. or more than £5. together with costs, &c.; on the keeper of such dog. MONDAY, MARCH 27. The council met at one o'clock. Present, his Excellency and all the members. The fol lowing petitions were presented, and ultimately received :- PETITIONS. Captain Swanston-From a number of inha bitants of Hobart Town against the continu ance of the penny-a- day system of education. Captain Swanston.-From ministers of se veral churches and congregations in Launces ton against the penny-a-day system of educa tion. Captain Fenton.- From John Martin, of New Norfolk, against the proposed bill to ex tend the provisions of an actfor the settlement of claims to grants of land, &c.; Mr. Dry.-From Catherine Burn, on the same subject. Mr. Dry.-From Mr. Abbott, on the same subject. GIEVANCES. Mr. Dry moved for the appointment of a committee of council to enquire and report upon the grievances of the colony. He beg ged to refer to the circumstances under which the present motion was made. The operation of these circumstances were calculated to ope rate prejudicially upon the rights and privileges of the colonists as British subjects. Mr. Dry also considered that the charges upon the co lonial revenue were put to an improper pur pose. Labouring, then, under these disadvan tages, lie did not think the appointment of a committee would be objected to. In the first place, the constitution of the colony did not bestow any rights and privileges upon the sub ject; and, secondly, the burthen upon the co lonial revenue, the hon. member argues, was objectionable. Captain Fenton seconded the motion. .The Attorney General opposed it. [Captain Fenton observing that he differed in opinion with the Attorney-General, that the colony had no grievances, the Attorney-Gene ral denied having said so.] Captain Fenton observed that the colonists either lhad grievances to complain of, or they had not. If theAttorney-General had not de nied it, there were grievances to contend against; and if lie admitted it, there were good grounds for the appoinment of a com mittee. The heon. member then referred to the fact that a similar committee had been formed at Sydney, and their labours had tentled to a settlementof those grievances. Thehon.mem ber had argued against it as entering into wide ocean of-investigation. He (Captain Fenton) considered it was time to embark in investigation. Were not the constitutional rights of the colonists as freeborn Britons, openly invaded by the attemptzo carry the bill now on the table through the council 4 Were not the dearests interests, the birthright of the colonists thus impugned ? The titles to pro perty were sought to be unsettled; and that is the spirit of an enactment which the Attorney and Solicitor-General of England had declared unlawful. Was not this, tie lion. member inquired, a grievance sufficient to complain of? Were not the very principles of the constitution of that council set at nought, the provisions of the charter invaded, by the Doubts Bill, which had been unconstitutionally made into a law i Were not the colonists also denied the appro. priation of the land Fund! Had not Earl Grey admitted that every colony had a right to the control of its own land fund? And wa, not that opinion borne out by the successor to Mr. Under-Secretary Stephen (Mir. Merivale,) in his lectures on colonization ? The legislh,. tive council of Australia had asserted tLeil right to the fund; it was appropriated for tlh. benfit of the colony. Had not Earl Gres written, that the home government had no i,. terest in the land fund of a colony except ai trustees for the public? And yet, should a committee to enquire into the grievances of Van Diemen's Land be objected to? The Colonial Secretary said, that a bill now upon the table had been commented upon as a great public grievance by the hon. gentleman who rpoke last. Truly, it must be a heavy grievance when it affected the lion. gentlemani personal interest. He (the Colonial Secretary) did not think it was a fair way to treat a mea aure. He denied that the colonists were de prived of their political rights, inasmuch as, even now, a bill conferring a legislative assem bly might be undergoing discussion in parlia rent. This was well known in the colony , why then this earnestness in the appointment of a committee to enquire into those grievances which the home government was about to di, away with? The earnestness of purpose ol Lord Grey was well known, and it was there fore unreasonable to to dwell any longer on thI subject of this grievance. It was like stirrin, up the ghosts of grievances; but as as to the fiscal arrangements of the colonial government. it could not be denied that the home govern ment had got, if the claims were persisted in, a heavy demand upon this colony. The sup port hitherto contributed by the home govern ment in the.item of pavperism, although con ceded in another form, if put fairly before the council, would be found to overbalance many of the grievances. The hon. gentleman con sidered that if the home government were to concede what had been urged by the Lieut. Governor, more good would be effected by it than by a committee of grievances. Adverting to the colonists and the non-official members, Mr. Bichdiso said, they were always pressing their case on the consideration of the home go vernment, and stating that their grievances were too hard to be borne, And what answer did they expect? They might depend upon it they would have the same as that given to the people of New South .Wales. " We will give you a legislative council, but we will withdraw your convicts. You shall manage your own affairs-shall receive none of our assistance." They (hon. members) might depend upon i. that would be the reply of the home govern ment. "Let pardons be given to all the con victs who are available, and let the rest be sent to Norfolk Island." This, the hlion. membet considered, would be disadvantageous to the interests of the colony; therefore, with respect to the present motion, he should strenuously oppose it. He did not think those were friend-t to the colony who voted for the motion; it would be injurious to the colony. The colony would never again be in such a flourishiu, state. Hon. members would act unadvisedli if they threw any obstacle in the way of that stream of irrigation-to use the simile of at. hon. friend-flowing from the commissariat de partment, and fertillising the soil and prospects of the colony. He contended that the oflicials sent out to govern the colony could never lool. but to its interest; thlleir interests and pleasure were closely blended with the welfare of the colony. Considering that the adoption of thi resolution would do harm, he therefore op posed it. Mr. Dry replied at length. In the courst of his observations lie adverted to the belief en couraged by the colonists upon his Excellency's arrival in the colony, that they were about t, reap the benefit of free institutions. The same announcement had also been made by Sir John Franklin during the term of his government. He considered that by the adoption of his mo tion good would be attained. He urged the matter upon the consideration of the council. It was necessary to arrive at a proper estimate of the grievances so long borne by the colonists, as it was impossible to find one in the colony who was not confident those grievances did exist. He should therefore press the motiol, which was put by his Excellency, and lost. His Excellency observed, that the bill re ferred to would not be passed the present session. He had been informed by the Attor ney-General that it had been circulated amongst the gentlemen of the legal profession, w?lt were called upon to give their opinions there upon. The bill to amend the act for quieting clains to grants of land is therefore for the presentl abandoned. ROADS DILL. The Attorney- General then moved that the Road's Bill should be read a third time and passed. Seconded by Mr. Bicheno. The bill was thrown out by a majority of 8 to 5. TUESDAY, MlAROI 28. Present,the Lieutenant-Governor and twelve members; absent, Mr. O'Connor and RMr. Gregson. I'ETITIONS. Captain Fenton presented a petition from Mr. John Morgan, praying the proceeds of the former dog act to be appropriated to the repair of the roads in the several districts where collected. Mr. Dry presented two petitions from the inhabitants of Launceston, in favour of the penny-a-day system of education.-Received. Mr. Dry moved for a copy of the record in the case of Lord v. Jackson and Addison to be laid on the table.-Ordered. DOG DILL. Increase of Dogs Bill read third time. Passed. Prevention of Counterfeiting Foreign Coin Bill read third time.-Passed. Grants of Land Bill-withdrawn. The Lieutenant-Governor enquired of Mr. Dry, as the chairman of the committee ap pointed to report upon the portions of public expenditure incurred for the purposes of the home government, &c.;, if their labours were concluded. Mr. Dry observed that they had been wait ing for a certain return, but that the report could be brought up at an early period. His Excellency intimated that, as the re ports of this committee, the committee to in quire into the state of the insolvent law, and steam navigation, appeared to be the only busi ness before the council, it was desirable that the' report first referred to should be brought up* the others could sit during the recess. It was ultimately agreed that the council should meet, pro forma, on Monday next, at two o'clock, to receive the report, until which day the council adjourned. 