A GENUINE GHOST STORY. AN APPARITION OP 1542*3 4-5. IT was in the lovely autumn of 1843 : Augustus SnebUigh was sitting in his shirt sleeves reading Whistling without a Master. He was practising some of the most difficult aits; the window was open nnd a circle of admiring Loy* were spell-bound tound his w indow by the melody of his notes. Tbe iii;iit was isuitry ; an hour's study of The Earth is a Toper had made Augustus thirsty ; he rose from his fauteuil, and ordered a bottle of wine.'uierely, as lie caid,«to wet his whistle. The servant had just left tbe room when 1 heard the cry ol Beer! knew by that it must be eight o'clock. There was no li^ht in the room save the dancing rays of a gas lamp opposite, that gambolled like a crcature ol light Our ca'pet green. Augustus tiroposed a cigar; I cheerfully consented. H is box however was empty; [ volunteered to fetch eoroe. He seemed reluctant tliat I should leave him. Wait, he said, nervously, till the servant returns, I laughed at his fearB, and in a moment had turned the cuiner of the street. When 1 lelurned there was no one in. I called Augustus in my loudest voice; I whistled : I looked hi the turn-up bedstead ; 1 enquired of the servant—of ihe policeman—at the nearest public-house—but all in vain. I sat down in despair, and smoked my cigar alone. The hours rolled on, but no tidings of my friend. I finished the botile, and left at twelve o'clock ; but dreading the worst, I wrote my address upon a fly-leaf of the Whole Duty of Mat> % and gave it to the servant, a I had a presentiment Augustus would require bail before morning. Three mouths had elapsed when 1 met Augustue Snobleiglt one night, at the Adelphi. He was looking anything but well.n.1 ventured to inquire Ihe cause. ' i have left my lodgings again,' he said in a low desponding voice. 'Thisfnakes the fourth time this year—I cannot endure this life much longer—1 tell you what, my dear boy,, he whispered into my ear • if these sort of visits roniimie, 1 am afraid to nay what wiil b«eo:ue of me.' and saying this, anil saying this, he Btjuefzed my hand with all the affecleduess of lomier years, nnd hurriedly disnp;<e uied in >|,e s'ips. The next time I saw him was at Greenwich fair.. Me lcnke«1 haggard, but t thought that might be the effect of ihe dust. He tried to whistle tome of his favourite tunes, hut his lips faltered as sonri as he saw that my eye was upon him « He has been to me «Rftin^he said, with a loud laugh, hut despair, loo plainlj at the bottom of ii, ' hul l have baffled him, I think, this lime, i nra sate from his visits now. i have taken lodgings in the Eseter Change Arcade,' As he said this he looked at me triumphantly, expecting I should compliment him on bis ingenuity^ 'But -who is it that haunts you IU this way,' i inquired tremblingly. A# apparation, he said, which pur« Wiin place to place. He follows me like a fiend, i cannot avoid Win. L^t me go where 1 will, he is sure io find me out. I tuld hitn it was only tiii optical delusion. ..Hsgoi angry at this, and asked me impetuously if 1 thought he-was mad. 1 considered it better not to answer this question, so I afk?d him where he was lodging now.' - lie gave me his address, after esiracing from me a promiie mti.io show it to a living person, un<i invited me lo snp »ith him the following flight. 1 went, of course. 1 wns too eager lo learn the Usue- of this ftighlftA mystery, which had lieen involved in darkness for the last two years. I'oor Aujjusius ! If the facc is really the irides, of ihe mind, then it sometimes lays bate a dcplotatile list of contents. The index ol my friend seemed to contain iiuthing but a melancholy chapter of ncuideuis. I could read every feature as plainly a u if it had been set up in the laigcst ivpe, It spuke volumes of unpublished romance. ' He pressed me to pnrt:;ke of soma bread and cliei^e, nnd uie ; but 1 had no appetite, no thirst save for the |>a<ticulars of his troubled life. We were quite alone- He dTcw It's chair close lo mine, and, slighUv coughing, began thus ;— Cliath's, I believe you are my friend." 1 nodded " Listen then to me, and throw every doubt, as you would if bad cifiar, Jar mrny from you. For the last three years 1 have been troubled with an eppaiitinn. S'art not, for it is only at >tnttd intervals that it troubles me. I saw it first in Unionstreel, in the 'Borough ; it called upon me in the tvuiiwg ; it said, iu a lone I can never forget, ' Your natue is Augustus Snob!<ri£h ?' It then spoke to me of my resourc<s, and reminded me, in a solemn voice, of certain obligations I had neglected to discharge. 1 wax frightened, and endeavoured lo laugh i; off; bi.t shortly afterwards, some three ir.ontljs. perhaps, lhe smile vision huiinted tre again. It wag dres-ed exactly alik", spoke in ihesnme b«rbh unnatural Um.c, i.«.t ^"'k. J Mjr stenilv at me ; it nctuslly Ihiealnitd thai, it I did not obey iLs injunctions, and that speedily, ' I t,hm;'.d hear from it again!" Too faithfully has ii kept its wo>d 1 1 c-ianged my lorigings ; the same apparation followed me. 1 then went lo an ojip'-site pait of the town; again was I baunted by it. Let me go vyheie J would—and 1 have tri<d every parish iu the metropulis—but 1 was always doomed to it. Sometimes i thought I had eluded its bai.eful vij;i lance—five months, perhaps, would elapse without a visit —hut at last ih ha<eful figure would be sure to a-uss my path, and I hud to fly aira»h. Jt haunt me everywhere. I h ave taken tefuge in thi3 lonely spot, but I expect to see it every day, 1 am siife no where. It tbe plague -spt of my life ; it embitters my whole exis'cnce, and I only tremble lest someday, io a moment of weakness, I should succumb 'o it, and.then I am lost—lost—lost—for ever !" Here Augustus buried his head in the ale jtig, and did not speak for five minules. Afcr c nsiderf,hle emotion he passed me the jug, hut the toor fellow had drained it cnuip'etelv di v. As he raised his heating breast, he started violently to his fie I, n-,d clasping his fotehead with one hand, and covering his oyes with the olite, shrieked, in a voice of Ihe wildest despair, 1 See, it is here ! Jt bauHts me even now. Oh! ihis is loo much !' He was rivetted to the floor: his eyfs lla-dtfd fi>e j his whole face was lighted up wHi rage. Fear ihi-n put her death-like touch upon him, and he b, camo a« pn'e as Bass's le. At last he rushed like a madman out of the room. I heard a scuffle on the stairs, some angry words, a heavy fall, nnd then nil was alill, save the melancholy tread of lhe be ndle patroling in the Aicad'' * • * * • A month afterwards I received a letter fiom Augustus Snoldeigli. He t<)ld me he had been so tormented with his Bppnritio», that he had been ohlig d to go abroad ; lie assuved me he w,is very happy, and he hoped never to doubled with the vision Attain. I think there is ihe strollers' probability of tliias 1 asc.rtaiiiid afterwards ft out b J osom frisnd of his, that Ihe apparition he riived f-o much about, was uoiaing more or less than an Incoir.e Tax g?llicrer. Ho hud been on the point of marrying a very rich git), nnd had overstated hie income in the paper he hail filled tip, jtt order to deceive her 'uthcr, who had told liim he never wo^ld many his duughter 'to a beggar.' The consequence was, Augustus was assessed accoriling to his own statement, and the match being broken off. he bad found it a matter of impossibility pay the amount. Hence the secret of his ahvays changing his lodgiiifcs; hence the eccret of his leaving the kingdom. . F'Om his history we learn this wholetome moral; that falsehood is sore to haunt the person who utters it? arid that no ghosts are so difiteult to he laid as those whieh a man raises himself.— Cruikshanfc's Table Book, 