COURT OF INSOLVENCY. Monday, I4th August. Henry johnson, cabinet maker, late of King William Street, came up for a final hearing, insolvent being sworn was examined by Mr Bayne. He stated be was living in Grenfell-street, and had been for the last six weeks. He bad previously lived in Stephen's Place. He had three chairs and a table at his residence, besides clothes and bedding. Had got his living since his declaration of insol vency by working at home and by selling a horse, &c.;, for Mr Wild. Had a little shop in Grenfeld-streert sold neither tea, sugar, flour, nor candles. Had not stock beyond the value of £2 at any time in it. Had at present a few sweetmeats (lollies) in the shop. Had to shut up shop last week having no stock. Had some harness, had one new set, and an old set. Had a spring cart. Had a horse. Had made about £9 since declared insolvent, barely suffi. cient to subsist on. Had kept no books. Was able to make out some of bis accounts by bills which he bad on a file at home ; would hand these bills in if required. Mr Bayne said that there being no dates furnished, there was no means of testing the balance sheet. Insolvent examined by tbe official Assignee stated, that the horse be mentioned belonged to Mr Wild, so did the spring cart, and tbe harness belonged to Mr Thomas, of Leigh-street. Would positive y swear that the cart be longed to Wild, and that Be (insolvent) had not bought the harness from Thomas The Commissioner asked insolvent if be had applied to his creditors for time to meet his engagements He said be had twice essayed to arrange with Mr Henderson, but could not see bim. The Commissioner—It appeared that be (insolvent) made away with all he could, previously to declaring himself un able to meet his engagements ; and it was thought be still bad property which he withheld from his creditors. That Court could- not allow parties to dispose of their property as they pleased and then come to it for relief. Had he (insolvent) instead of parting with his property applied to his creditors for time to meet bis liabilities, be might bate been able to arrange his affairs fairly. He (the Commis sioner) would adjourn that hearing for a month to give the insolvent an opportunity to communicate with his creditors, and effect, if possible some arrangement. Adjourned for a month. The Reverend F. Coyle commenced a course of re ligious lectures last Sunday, in the temporary chureh, West-terrace, to be continued every alternate Sunday, the indefatigable lecturer devoting the Sabbaths not so employed to his ministrations at Gawler Town. The popularity of his former lectures induced a very full attendance, and the reverend gentleman availed himself of the occurrence of the Feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Marj, on the following Tuesday (yester day), to state what the doctrines of the Catholic Church really were on that much disputed subject. He said that religion improved and sanctified, but did not de stroy the feeling? of the natural human heart ; amongst the rest, Gratitude, one of its most amiable feelings, was elevated and directed. Gratitude had prompted men in every clime and country to perpetuate the memory of their benefactors. The Poet, the Painter, the Sculptor, and the Architect vied with each other in commemorat ing the objects of a grateful people's love. The rev. lecturer here enumerated the various claims cheerfully conceded fay mankind. Warriors, Statesmen, Philan thropists, and Patriots have toil'd, and in their country's cause Bled nobly; and their deeds, as they deserve, Receive proud Tecompence. We give in charge Their names to the sweet lyre. The Historic Muse Proud of the treasure, marches with it down To latest times ; and Sculpture m her turn, ! Gives,bond to stone, and ever-during brass To guard them, and t' immortalise her trust. [ He related a fact which came under his own obser vation, some years ago, in the United States of America. It was proposed to erect a monument to the memory of Washington's mother: considerable discussion arose as to the most fitting inscription—one which would record the virtues of the mother, the achievements of the son, and the gratitude of the people. Many elegant and elaborate inscriptions were submitted for approval; but the simplest lainguage was found at last to be the most expressive; and it was finally decided that the monu ment shduld have those few emphatic words, " Mary, the Mother of Washington."' From that, the lecturer went on to show in what an immensely greater degree mankind was indebted to the virgin mother of the Saviour, than to The best, bravest warrior of them all; If the sacrifice of a God-man. was necessary for the re demption of the human race, surely that pure vessel, through which the wondrous incarnation was effected, deserved the highest homage it was permitted us to pay to anything created. Such homage as fell from the Angel Gabriel, "Hail, Mary, full of grace: the Lord is with thee : Blessed art thou among women." (Luke 1, 28); homage, such as caused the unborn Baptist to leap at her approach; and such as " Elizabeth filled with the Holy Ghost," expressed when she " cried with a loud voice, and said: Blessed art thou amongst women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. And whence is this to me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me? For, behold, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in my ears, the infant in my womb leaped for joy." (Luke 1st—12, 43,44). .Again, in the 48th verse, we had the assurance that " all gene rations shall call her blessedyet, in the face of all this, we had a " perverse generation," anxious to forget the immensity of their obligation to the " Mother of their Lord;" scoffers at her piety; sccrners of her purity; insulters of her memory. He (Mr Coyle) had seen a Protestant book purporting to give an account of all females mentioned in Scripture from Eve upward, and when it came to the New Testament, actually apo logised for obtruding the name of the Blessed Virgin on the reader; but pleaded that the work would be in complete without it. It might be said that that was an extreme case—the work of some over-heated zealot; but it was no more extreme than the cases so frequently quoted against Catholics—such as a man thinking he would not be killed because he had a medal of the Blessed Virgin upon him. Instances of superstition like that might of course be found; there was, unfortu nately, little in this world which might not be abused. The Bible itself did not escape such profanation. Had they not heard of silly people resorting to it for charms ? Had they not weighed old women against it in Pro testant England, and burned the poor wretches for witches when they proved heavier than it? Had not superstitious people sought through its instrumentality to recover stolen goods, or to test the fidelity of their lovers ? That the world should contain silly dupes and crafty imposters, was a thing to be regretted and remedied; but that furnished no argument against the doctrine under consideration, that might not with greater force be levelled against the most cherished views of its opponents. The rev. gentleman dwelt at length on the Blessed Virgin's sanctity, purity, and privileges; her obedience to the will -of Heaven; her tenderness to the infant Redeemer; her devotedness to the suffering Saviour, from the cradle to the Cross j from the commencement of his painful career in the ass's crib in Bethlehem, to the final consummation of man's redemption on Mount Calvary; and concluded an eioquent address; of which this is a mere notice, by an earnest disavowal id" many absurdities sought to be fastened on Catholics by ignorant and interested as persers, declaring that to God alone was Divine worship given by the Church, although permitting and advis ing her children to honour those whom God has honoured, and to bless her whom all generations (of Christians) shall call blessed. Edited, Printed, and Published by the proprietor, John Stephens, every Saturday morning, at the Adelaide Observer and General Printing-office, Hindley-street, Adelaide, South Australia, to whom all letters, advertisements, en ft eomtnu* nicalicBs (post-paid) must be addressed. 