ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of the Colonial Times. MR EDITOR-I have not yet done with the Fathers for good and for evil so much has been written and spoken concerning them, that they have attained to an importance which really does not belong to them. Were they living now-the same men, in character, in attainment, in spirituality, precisely what they were- there is not one man, bishop or priest, who would receive from them either example or doctrine. Nay, more in some of the sheltered nooks of Old England, among her sequestered hamlets, there are living at this hour clergymen of the Church of England far superior to these men in all the essentials of intellectual and spiritual attainment. These are amongst the hidden treasures of Christ's Kingdom: they have no name, no reputation, no mitre, no authority ; but they have that which is far better ; they have in their hearts the love of Christ. And it is for the tale of these, and such as these, and in answer to their inter- sessions, that God has thus far spared the Babylonish episcopacy of England, which, without doubt, He would otherwise have swept away with the besom of destruction. The world, Mr. Editor, always finds it easier to praise the dead, than to show impartial justice to the living. It is perfectly natural, Sir : the dead cannot provoke our personal animosity the living can. By praising the dead, we earn an easy reputation for liberality ; but towards the living, other and stronger feelings arise, and step between us and our charity. One of our poets says -The world, which knows not how to spare, Yet rarely does unjustly. ' But he is in error. The world is not Christ's good tree and He says that a corrupt tree will bring forth evil fruit. The world always judges erroneously. If a just judgment go forth, it is of QbH who even idea, not of the justice of this world. And it is that many headed monster the world, which is for ever lauding the dead, and for ever depreciating the living. On this principle alone it is, that the Fathers have ever been praised. The records which God has given unto us of human character are full of one important but much neglected lesson. Let us look at the history real characters of Scripture : let us observe with what singular fidelity the evil is always placed in juxta-position with the good in the portraiture of Jacob, of Samson, of David. These were holy men-men greatly beloved of the Lord ; yet were they erring and sinful and their sins Are recorded, not only because thereby the mercy of God is magnified, not only because thereby we are encouraged to strive after our salvation-but to warn us, that it is not Israel, but the God of Israel whom we should follow ; not David, 'nor Paul, nor Peter, nor John, whom we should imitate, but Christ Jesus, the Lamb without blemish. , And thus also, it is not the Apostles, nor the Apostolical Fathers, whom we must take for our guides, but that Spirit which guided them, and which is equally willing to guide us also into all truth. The grand error of all polemical writings lies in this every controversialist assumes it for granted, that the true church is the visible church. Now, Sir, this error is fatal : so long as it is necessary to defend the infallibility of any one sect of Christians, so long must we needs wander from the truth. Yet it is an error which may easily be removed from the mind which is candid in' it's search after truth. Christ says, " My sheep know my Voice, and a stranger they will not follow." Can any one be so infatuated as to allege that every pro-. fessing member of anyone visible church really knows the voice of Christ? so far from this is it not shamefully notorious, that scarcely one inten even amongst the sincerely pious ventures to lay claim to this knowledge? 'how should they Sir, then their teachers have it not? nay more, when many of their teachers actually declare that it is absurd, if not impious, to lay claim to this knowledge ? What,' Sir impious or absurd to lay hold, on the promises of God by him saving faith yet such is the Tarnen table fact-into such a state of spiritual barren, ness are we-fallen, that the man who presume to say that he hath an ear to heantheVoiçe of the Spirit is held up to derision as an end thusiastl To such enthusiasm let me ever; cling: and willingly, most willingly will I relinquish for such an enthusiasm the cold _ consolation of being made a member of any visible) church on earth. In a former letter I alluded to a circumstance which occurred to myself at the time I was seeking admission into the ministry of the' Church of England. To avoid needless personality, for the present I content myself with saying, that a question was at that time put to me by one placed in authority, to this effect was " If you believed yourself to be commanded by the Holy Ghost to adopt any particular line of conduct, what would be your duty" Now, Mr. Editor, what possible reply could any man give to a question such as this? If I believed that' I had received a direct commandment, from the Holy Ghost, does any man suppose that I ought to hesitate for a moment what to do ? But was this the object of the questioner? Certainly not therefore I answered him according to the spirit of his enquiry for I was not deceived as to the insidious nature of the question. I said, " If I wished to remain in the Church of England, I must at once lay the matter before my ecclesiastical superior ; or if I decided to obey the command of God without questioning, then must 1 at once resign my chaplaincy." The answer was received with a distinct verbal approval. Do I wrong this church then in saying that they place the authority of God after that of the Bishop ? I do not wrong them for the most clear table construction is that they do not believe that it is possible to know the voice of God. Some of them, privately, do not hesitate to say this publicly they dare not profess it, because the whole tenor of the church service recognises the continual operation of the Holy Spirit upon our hearts. Now, Sir, without a moment's hesitation in language the most decided, the most em- piratical denounce this apostacy from the Scriptures of truth as a fatal and soul-destroying schism. Woe unto that church that casts into shade the personal intervention and authority of the Holy Ghost it was to purchase for us this great and glorious gift that the spotless Lamb of God poured out His soul unto death upon the accursed tree; and no church can stand which impiously deserts the eagle standard of Crucified Love, or refuses to hearken to the holy pleadings of the Royal Dove. There is no need to descend into the depths to find out the length and breadth of this apos- tacy ; there is no need to mount up to heaven in order to condemn the manifest sin. The record which condemns them is furnished by themselves ; the record of their judgment is furnished by the great angel who wrote unto the churches-" Except thou return unto thy first love, I will kill thee with death ;" and though they say one unto another, and say, " The temple of the Lord, the temple of the Lord are these I" shall a man who hath the word of salvation-seek unto them? For the living unto the dead ? Nuy j but unto Christ, the atoning Lamb. Nay j but unto the Spirit poured out upon us from on high. And unto him that hath the power, I say ; unto the Father of Lights, who hath no variableness neither shadow of turning. sAnd this our God shall hear Ken from heaven, his dwelling-place, and hear, and shall surely save that soul alive. Yea, of such shall he build his glorious temple in Zioniuh, and of that temple Christ, the sacrificed Lamb, shall still remain the corner, stone, and the voice of its hallelujah shall still be the voice of the Spirit in our hearts, crying, " Abba, Father, my Lord and my God I" am In the first days of this church, the blood of the mart) red bore testimony to the Holy Witness of God in their hearts. In the first days of this church, in their quaint language, the ancient pilgrims of the cross spake the Gospel of the everlasting archangel in truth and soberness. Then came their decline and for a century he had but one continued dead letter under the name of moral sermons. Since that time a partial and feeble revival of a better hope has exhibited itself here and there but, alas! that conquering spirit of self- sacrifice which was in our Lord, is not in the leaders of the church ; they cannot yield up their cherished homes and dignities, though it be to receive honour from their Lord. Therefore, they cannot stand. And now also, as a crown- ing mockery unto those who have rejected the spiritual crown of thorns which their Master wore with joy, there has arisen among them this feeble, drivelling, semi-Roman abortion called Puseyism, acceptable neither to God her to man, to hold them up before the world to well merited derision. The spirit of burning, Mr. Editor, is not beauty ; but the glorious beauty of the church of Christ is a beauty that hath passed seven times through the purifying fire of the ever living, the Refiner, the Lord God. If the fallen church that hath a name to live, and is dead, would arise out of her ashes in renewed loveliness, she must put sackcloth upon her head, and sit down in the dust, and cry aloud. unto Him who hath promised that about this time He will appear. Yea, leay, He shall suddenly come to his temple ; but who may stand when he appeareth ? And who may abide the time of his coming? If the erring Church of England would hope once again to see her candlestick lit from the SheUnal of Eternal Holiness and burning with a clear light upon her altar, she must lay aside world) im- munities, political honours, carnal dignities, and proclaim 'assisted fast from strife and debate, from making a wide mouth, and from sinking with the fist of wickedness, and wait upon the Lord, and solemnly entreat for the returning grace of the Word. Then, peradventure the Lord may hear and answer unto her cry, and once more give unto her a place and a name, and a candlestick, and an altar of praise. I have finished this my warning unto her I have laid before backsliding Episcopalians her errors and her sins. If she will hearken unto my voice, let her not regard the fact that I am humble, and unnoticed, and unknown, "These truths, which I have spoken maybe very unpalatable ; b t they are truths. Let her receive them as such and they will be unto her as though a prophet from the Lord had spoken all these words in her ears for her repentance will not be the less acceptable unto God because she has hearkened unto a stranger. I have also concluded this my first address to the Bishop of this section of that church. Towards his Lordship of Tasmania, personally,' I have no feelings of animosity: my mind does not entertain such sentiments in its guest-! chamber. But so long as the Bishop of the church of which I am a member is found departing from the integrity of her doctrines, so long I shall fearlessly and freely express my sentiments in this open manner on every, suitable occasion. Again, Mr. Editor, I thank you, for the liberality with which you have given insertion to these hazardous communications.-Believe me to be, Sir, yours very faithfully, J THOMAS SPURR. 