ST. PHILLIP'S CHURCH. On Monday foe foundation stone of the new church of St. Phillip was laid with tbp usual ceremo nies. At eleven o'clock there was oivine service ip Si. Phillip's Churjch, the prayers being read by the Ve nerable Archbishop of Cumberland, and the com? munion service by the Bishop of Sydney. During the reading of the sentences the offerings of the con gregation were collected by three- deacons, The aipount collected was £53 10s. After the service the congregation proceeded iq foe grqund, where there was a large assemblage of . peo ple. The 132nd Psalm, foe 3 d chapter of the First Epistle tp the Corinthians, and the collect for the day having been read, The Lord Bishop, who, it had been announced, would lay foe (tone, said— Mr. Archdeacon, I hope there will peyer he nny dispute between ub respect ing ihe duty breervice which we owe tQ our divine master, bpt that we ohall always be deBirous to ho nour him; and that theoiity strife will he which of us pan render hiip the highest apd most acceptable ser vice. ft appears to mp, lh?t on acoount of the long period during wfi'ch you have bp-n foe minis pr of this parith, and the constant services which you have, affjrdad the peoplo, the hpnqur qf laying thio founda tion stone property belongs to you. I there'ore now request you wifl have the goodness to perform fbio duty, . wh ph under ofoer .circumstances, I should have had great pleasure in performing. The Archbishop then received. the trowel frpm the Bishop, and said— My Lord Bishpp, It seems eype-' dient that I should acknowledge the honor which your Lordship has thus hindly conferred upon me. I acquiesce, it is notmy choice, but I submi-, anff wjll do it in the best manner I am able. I feel, how ever, that I am altogether unworthy of such an ho? npur. This, indeed, t9 a day or an pvent, which I have' long desired to see. I have thrqugh tpany years ardently wished that a new and commodious church cquld be erected for the spiritual benefit of the peo ple in this parish; Often when j have looked round, and seen elegant ' or splendid dwellings, decorated hops, cosily warehouspg erected, or in the course of erection, and then viewed my popr unsightly old church, I have felt ashamed and grieved at heart, because no better house wag provided for the ever gracious apd all-glonous God. It ty true, he dwells uot exclusively or ouly in houses made with hands, not he requires, that, for the edification of his people, his ordinances be duly and deceutly administered in some suitable ediflce Again, when £ thought of the costly tabernacle eyen in the wi'drniess, apd qf the rich temple in Jerusalem, which Jehovah pqmtqaod- ed to be erected, J felt more anxious that some ap propriate building, even here, should be erected for the honour of our merciful Qod, and for foe dispen sing of his gospel blessings. Then f respired if lie should be pleased to afford me the means to assist in such a good work, I would conqjbutg ffeety— . and now I am gratified to see the sacred undertaking in such a state of progress, and I trust it wjll proceed to completion iu due time, and be a house of Qod for the salvation of many souls, through faith in the bles sed Redeemer. I pray that an abundant effusion of the Holy flhtrit'may be voachfofed, that fois new or lattqr church may becotne'in every way tqqre gio- 'iqus that the fpimer, to the welfare and happiness o< ihis, and o> generations to come. The Archdeacon then laid the foun ration stone, saying, Ly this as the foqndatjon aiid coroef stone of a church, |o be buiii in ahis plage,, to be natqed St hillip's Church, and to be set ap.rt for the preaching of the right Cafoolic faith, which we be te've apd gqrypse in t)ie nanpe qf the Father, and of ihe Son and of ihe Holy Ghost.— A men. J' A,,er ,his fo® Aposfles, Creed wax repeated aiid a prayer offered up.lqr the di»i ,e bles sing upon ihe work and thoe engaged in it, wheD. fo people were dismissed by the Bishop with foe hene- dictioa- '' 