ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. i To the Editor of the Colqnial Times. SIR,-I said, in the former part of this- letter, that the substance of our social law, the bond by which society is held together, is the unseen ope- ration of those divine instincts which God'has implanted in our very nature. Will any wise man, or any good man, be found willing to admit that the reason which prevents him from stealing or from committing murder, is merely a dread of human penal consequences ? Assuredly not. All that is truly worthy, stands, apart from every con- sideration of human legislation! stands, because God has decreed that, upon such and such grounds it shall stand. When we aro suddenly called upon to act, and when it is impossible to discuss the casuistical merits or demerits of the case, there is over a reserve to fall back upon ; a divine instinct, which though voiceless yet speaks, and which, little understood, is deeply felt, yea, and largely appreciated; for often, very often, we feel with delicate correctness whore we aro wholly unable to reason, and decide, we can scarce tell why, on the side of rectitudo and truth. And the secret spring which produces those effects, is the unseen moving of the spirit of our God. Now the more willingly, the moro assiduously we listen inwardly to this mighty voice, the more plainly discernible aro the pulsations of its living breath. Laws are made for the bad alone, and for the good they are useless. This conclusion ii not moro the result of philosophic reasoning, than the fulfilment ofthat original principle which God developed in the wilderness of Sin. When God declares " I gave them also statutes which vVere not good, and judgments whereby they (.hould not live,"-can we not as plainly recognize the jealousy of Him whose name is Jealous, as in that awful denunciation " ye shall know my breach of promise?" If they would have heard His voice, He would not have given unto them the law ; but they refused to hearken unto His voice, and there- fore He gave unto them that law whereby, ac- cording to the spirit of the apostolic interpreta- tion, it Í3, that wo know sin But from that day even unto this, the mighty living voice of the everlasting Archangel of the presence has been lifted up :-many have heard it, and live :-they who will not he ir-unto these. I say, is the law in force, even as in the days of Moses. Yea God afterwards sent down tho Gospel by the lips of the Crucified ; and by the operation of tho Holy Ghost h.is this gospol continued to be disseminated for eighteen hundred years : but still-unto them that will not hear His voice-unto them that enter in neither by the gate of prophecy, nor by the narrow way of the cross-the law still abides, and still convincos men of sin, of righteousness, and of a judgment to come. And still we seo the fulfilment of the jealousy of the Lord God in the universal prevaleney of a fatal necessity for a law Whereby men cannot live, and which, in 'these days, is, in every civilized country on earth, en- cumbered with statutes and enactments too one- rous for the mind of man to sustain. > When the prophet denounced upon tho sick king of Judah the terrors of the law, he turned his face to the wall and wept : nor can I refrain from turning my face aside, scarce from drawing a mantle of sackcloth over my head, when I look abroad upon the darkened multitudes who think they see, and whose highest reach of thought has never ascended nearer to tho footstool of.God than to the place of that outward righteousness which buildcth its hopes of acceptance .upon works wrought under the law. Oh that my voice were uko the trumpet-cry of "he great Archangel of Judgment: that my ap .. ' rwere like the piercing shriek of the doath '. " V of a condemned soul, that I might awaken ¿.arabering consciousness of man to the terrors of the pr-^ence of this awful Lord God. Men of Tasmania, will yo Ho*<m fn tho VO\I>B of the sta- tutes of a human guvernment, each one more feeble and more contradictory than its prede- cessor, and will ye not hearken unto Him from whom all law flows down ? Will ye listen unto the vapid interpretations of a semi- Puseyito Church, and will ye not hear the living voice which calls ever from within the Shekinah of eternal holiness where God dwells in awful majesty? For by an Inward testimony ye may know His voice; and will ye rather hearken to the Lo here and Lo there of the myriad-tongued Babylon of modern apos tacy which departeth from the living God, and in His place have set up in the very gate of the Temple tho Image of Jealousy which provoketh unto jealousy, and which is surely kindling a fire which shall burn even to tho lowermost hell ? Long, very long, 1 have stood apart on the ex- treme verge of this human wilderness, and I have listened to the surging human wave, and I know that God coraeth in clouds. For the signs of the times speak with a terrible distinctness. The cloud will surely burst, and the living lightnings shall surely run along the ground in the midst of our worse than Egyptian darkness ; and woe unto that nation and unto that people that will not hear the warning cry. Mr. Editor, 1 have studied man and man's pro- found and varied nature with more.than a mathe- matician's earnestness of purpose. Men say we ought not to intormix politics with religion. But it is not religion which they mean. Man is essen- tially religious : the innermost chords of his wonderful structuro bind him inseparably to the worship of some God. The thing to which they except is sectarianism, or rather, that which they call "cant;" the peculiar phraseology of some peculiar " conventicle" is the thing which is dis- tasteful to them. But if religion consist in righteousness and in an open acknowledgment that God is our Common Father and our King, to this I say men do not object, but with one uni- versal voice consent to this truth ; and the politics which are grounded on this foundation are founded upon a rock, and therefore 1 do not fear to seo the structure blown away by the breath of a party cry. When a writer speaks home to man's business and bosom, his temporal views v, ill not be reglectcd, because with them he mingles a constant reference to the eternal. It is with these serions viens that I estimate the true liberty of the Press. To the opi n ex- pression of his sentiments every maa is entitled, but not to the liberty of slandering, of calum- niating, of insinuating or of stabbing in the dark. And to defend tho privilege .of free discussion is our general interest, leaving to each man his harmless peculiarities unrebuked. A difference of style, or the prevalence of any characteristic, docs not render the sentiments of a fellow.man unworthy of our consideration. Neither does the want of human learning. Neither yet does the want of that special technicality of idiom which is the result ol' official training, at all impugn tho verity or the verisimilitude of a writer's ideas. On the contrary, the unhackneyed is the most likely to convey useful and valuable hints to the mind of the gatherer; and it certainly is the uis dom of those who are in office to-gather honey from the viild flowers of the forest, as well as from the loftier and more systematized productions *bf the parttrre. With views such as these I ca«t myself into the political arena, and am, Mr. Editor, your obe- dient servant, THOMAS SPURR. 