TUG KNIGH I OF GWYN N E. Jift the \4ttthor o/ Charles OWMh'tt. Harry Lorrctjncr,' Av. Continued ffom our Inst Publication. Such was the inheritance to which Sandy succeeded, and such the posses sion he ceded fur a consideration to Ba- eenal Dalv. on that eventful tnorninc their acquaintance began, in course of time, however, it fell into ruin, and lay untenanted and uncared for, when Miss Daly, in one of her rambling ex cursions, chanced to hear of it, and being struck by the beauty of the situ ation, resolved to refit it as a summer residence. Her first intentions on this head were humble enough ; two small chambers at either side of the original edifice — now converted into a species of hall and a kitchen — comprised the whole, and thither she betook herself, with that strange secret pleasure a life of perfect solitude possesses for certain minds For a year she endured the in conveniences of her. narrow dwelling tolerably well ; but, as she grew more Attached to the spot, she determined on making it wore comfortable ; and com municating the resolve to her brother, he not only concurred in the notion, but half anticipated his assent, by des patching an architect to the spot, undei who e direction a cottage containing several comfortable rpums was added, and with such attention to the circum stances of the ground, and such regard for the ancient character of the build ing, that the traces of its origin could still be discovered, and its old name of " the Corvy" be, ercn yet, not altoge ther inapplicable. The rude hulk was now, however, the centie of a long cot tage, the limbers, partly covered by the emall-leaved-lvy, partly concealed by a rustic porch, displaying overhead the great keel and the flag-staff, an orna- ment which no renioiistraiire of the un happy architect could succeed in remov ing. As a sort of compromise, ludced, the csrronade was dismounted, and placed beside the hall door ; this was the ex treme stretch of compliance to which Daly assented. The hall which was spacious and lofty in proportion with other parts of the building, was fitted w th weapons of war and the chase, brought from many a far off Ia-..d, and assembled with an incougruity that was no mean type of the owner. Turkish scimitars and lances, yataghans, and Malay crises were grouped with Indian bows, toina- havrs, and whale harpoon: ; while richly embroidered pelisses hung beside coats of Esquimaux seal, or boats made from tbe dried skin of the sun fish : a long Swiss rifle was suspended hy a blue silk carf from otic wall, and over it a damp discoloured parchment bore testimony to Its being won as the prize in the great shooting match of the Oberland, tiearly forty years before. Bcueath these, and stretching away into a nook, -Contrived for the purpose, was the bark canoe in which Daly aud Sandy made their escape from the tribe of the Sioux, & 7 whom they were held in captivity for atx years. Two very unpreposses sing figures costumed as savages, sat in this frail bark paddle in hand, and to ' all seeming resolutely intent on their | purpose of evasion. It would have been pardonable, however, for the observer ' nut to have identified in these tattoed I and wi'd-looking personages a member 1 of Parliament and his valet, even though assisted to the discovery by their Indian j names, which, with a laudable care fori public convenience, had been written j on a card, and suspended round the neck of tech. Opposite to limn an j in a Corner . I the li .ll, stood a bhick i hear, with fiery eyebnl's aud snow whi<e; tee-It. so atlmi>ab!y couniertei'ing life, j as almost to s aitlfi the1 Miod-r ; while ; over his heni was a fearful, mis-shapen figure, whose malignant look and dis- j turted proportions at once proclaimed it i tin Indian idol — lint why enumerate th : str-tnge anil t uriou objects, which not ' withstanding ihrir seeming incongniiiy, ' weieyelall connected with Ddy's his-! tory, and foimrd, in fact, a kind of pic- | torial narrative of his life, litre, stool i .tbe rup, a splen iid specimen of H»n- i venuto's chisel given him by i he Doge of Venire, and there, wat the emb ssed . vlaggi r presenteJ by a King of Spun, ; with n pu'cnt nf Gra dee of the first j dais ; white in a small g .a cute, I c .vtprd with dust a d scarce no icenhle. ' ail a-sunall aud beautituliy rh.vpeil «a'ln ' .slipper with a rosette o', now, filled silver —but of th a, one only knew the story, ! und he never revealed it. ! li wr. have taken sn nnwarrantnble li'tieriy with ouf reader, by this too pio lis d' sorption, our excuse is, that wc ' might linve been far tn re tiresome had , we been so disposed, leaving as we luve J the. gfietcr part i f this singular chamber unnoticed ; while our' anipnde' is ready. 1 and wo will spare uny furtlim detail of' the rest of l'>t cottage, merely observing j . thai it wjs bo<h cnmmodiuus and well arrange!, und furnished not only with taste, but even eleewnre ; and now tu resume our long nrgleciesf story. It was ubout eight o'c o k of a cold taw February ni.-ht, wi h occasional showers i t a'ect, and sudden gusts of fitful wind — ihst happy combination whti It mnkes up the c'imute of die nnrth nf Ireland, and with a triflintrm' element tdsoverry, constitutes its summer us well t»« its winter tluti Miss Daly sat read ing in tha' mi augc apartment we li.ive just' mentioned, and winch from m lives of economy siio n-ciitied frequently 'during the niiiiy season, as the necessity of keepng it itircd required constant fires, not sn necessary in the other cliam- 1 liers. , A large bcunh dipluvcd the cheerful blaze "f liurnmg bog-riealt aiul an ol ' Boinuii lamp, an ancient pateru, tlirew it t liiS'ie on the muny curi< us und un- couili bjtcts on every side. if the flushing jets o' light tli.it bioke fiom the dry wood, gave at times a fdse nir ol vita'i y to the stuHrd figti-cs around, in compensitrinn, it nu-'c the on'y living thing, there, seem as unreal the rest Wrapped up til the grmt folds of n wide Greek caf Otc she had tnkcu from ti e w dl.a-'d Ihe i 0"d of which she had drawn ov( r htr head, Miss Duly bent over the ycl'ow pages of an old qna-to volume. Of bet figure no trace could be niniked, nor any guess concerning i>, save tliat she was cs'rem-ly tall. Her features were Isold end comma ding, and in youth must have been eminently bands'inic ; the eyebrows were large and .relied, the eyes daik and perc- ing, nit I the whole co lour of the face hnd that character of thoughtful beauty, sn often seen in the Jewish race. Age and solitude perhaps had deepened the lines around the angles of the mouth, and brought down the brows, so as to give a look of severity I to features, which for this cause became j j strikingly resembling her brother's, j | If time had made its sad inroad on those i j lineaments once so lovely, it seemed to j spare wen the slightest touch to that I small white hand, which escaping from i the folds of her mantle, was laid upon | the volume before her; the taper fingers | were covered with rings, and more than I one bracelet of great price glittered j upun her wrist, nor did this taste seem : limited to these displays, for in the ' gold combs that fastened, on cither j temple, her masses of grey hair, rich gems were set profusely, forming the j strangest contrast to the coarse folds of j that red brown cloak in which she was i enveloped. i However disposed to profit bv her studies, Miss Daly was occasionally | broken in upon by the sound of voices : from the kitchen, which by an unlucky I arrangement of tbe architect, was merely . separated from the hall by a narraw corridor. Sometimes the sound wns of laughter and merriment, far oftener, - however, the noises betokened strife, for so it is, in the very Smallest house- i hold — there were but two in the present case— unanimity will not always pre- vail. The contention was no less n one . than that great national dispute, which has separated the island into twu wide , and opposing parties, Miss Daly's but ler, or man of all work, being a stout representative of southern Ireland ; her - cook, an equally rigid upholder of the i northern Province. II little Dan Nelligan had the broader cause, he was the smaller advocate, being scarcely four feet in height, while Mrs. McKer- ; rigan waa fifteen etune of honest weight, 1 and with a ' torso' to rival the Parnese Hercules. Their altercations were daily, ! almost hourly, for living in a remote ' unvisited spot, tbey seented to console themselves for want of collision with ' the world, by mutual disputes and dis- ' agreements. < To these family jars, habit had so reconciled Miss Daly, that she seldom ' noticed them, indeed, the probability is, that like the miller, whu wakes up1 when the mill ceases its clamours, she might have felt a kind of shock had matters taken a quieter course. People who employ precisely the same wca- i pons, cannut lung continue a warfare, without the superiority of one or the other being sore to evince itself ; the diversity of the forces, on the contrary, 1 suggests new combinations, and with : dissimilar armour the combat may be I prolonged to any extent. Thus was it ' here, Dan's forte was aggravation, that j peculiarly Irish talent which makes ! much out of little, and when cultivnted 1 with the advantages of natural gifts, ' enables a man to assume that proud ' political position of an Agitator, and in j time a Liberator. ) Mrs.. McKerrig.m, slow of thought and slower of speech, was illstiiled to . repel the as-aults of so wily and con- f stant a foe, she consequently fill hack- on the prcroga ives of li-r office in ihe 1 household, and repaid nil Dan's deda- j ma ion, by changes in his diet. A ! species of retribution, the I eeriest she; could have hit upon i Such was the present cause of dis- tuibanee, an I such ihe rcavnn for Dan'a loud donunc'a ions on the ' black n. .rib," uttrrrd wi h a volubility and vehemence that pertain to a very diffe rent portion of the empire. Twice h.d .Miss Daly rung the little hand bell thai stood beside her, to enforce order, bui it w.vx unnoticed in the clamour of the fray, while louder and louder grew the angry v.iiee of Dan Nelligan. which at length wns plainly audible in the hall. ' Lock now, see then, may the divil Imw Id a looking-glass to your sins, but I'll shew it to the mistress.— I may, may I ? That's what ynu'te grumbling —ye oold b'ack- mouthed Prasbytnrien ! — 'Tis the fine supper to put before a era'y ur e wrt to the skin.' Diuna ye hear the bell, Nelly ? This was an epithrt of insult the little nan could not endure, ' ye'd ken the tinkle o'lhntav ye heard it at the mass ' 1 Oh, listen to rite ould heretic! Oh, holy Joseph I There's a way to talk of the blessed, ould ancient religion — give me the dish, 1'ii bring it into the parlour this minit, I will ; I'll lave the place, my time's up in March— I wouldn't live in the house wid you for n mine of goold ' ' Are ye no gbin' to shew the fiph to i lie Teddy ?' growled out the cook in her quie barytone. At this moment Miss Daly's l.ell an nounced that endurance had reached its limit, and Dan, without wailing to return to the fire, lusu-ncd to the hall, muttering as he wen', loud ennugh to he heard : ' These, now, that's the mistress ringing. I'm sure, bnt sorrn hi' one ran hear wttl tour iwise apd bally - egging.' ' What i< the meaning of thi« uproar V s»id Miss Daly, as the little man entered with a very d fferent aspect from what lie won; in the ki rlirn. ' 'Tis Mrs. M'Kr rig-n, my lady, rite wns nbusin the ould families in lire county Msvo, and I couldn't hear it, and because I won'Jn't h-nr the mister tinted that way, she gives me nothing hut fish the day alow a I. lack l-sl, though she d e.s N a:ing heel tinder my nose, when Idirn't touch n.cnt, and it's whit, she (nit nn cul l baste ol u ro-> before mc it. is wiring for my supper, in'l lore's Lent wi I tic on us in a few days ino'e.' ' Ilow often hate I tuld you,' said Miss Daly sternly, ' that I'll not suffer these petty, miserable squabbles to reach mc? go bark to the kill he-, and mnrk ine, if I hear a whisper, or mut tering eierstjTo in your voice, I'll pur ynu to spend the ivght iiper, ths rock.' I Dm skulked fiom the r -out like j ti culprit ictiiHinlcd to gaol, bnt no ! soonur had he reached the kitchen, than ; assuming a martial air and hearing, lie ; strutted up to the fire and turned Iris ; back to it. j ' Av,' said he, in a stage soliloquy, ' it was what it must come to sooner or ; later, and now she may go on her knees, 1 and divil a fool I'll stay ! It's not like ! the last time ! sorra bit ! I know what she's at. — 1 Tis my way, Danny, von \ must have a pound at Aysler' — bother ! I'm uved to that now." There's the bell again, ye auld \- blethering decvtl.' ! Rut Mrs. M' Kerrigan ran no risk of I a reply now, fdr at the first tinkle Dan wns back in the hall. ' There is some one knocking at the wicket without, see who it may be at this late hour of the night,' said Miss Daly, without raising her head from the book, for strange as were such sounds in that solitary place, her attention was too deeply fixed on the page before her to admit of even a momentary distrac tion of thought. Dan left the toom w ith becoming alacrity, but in reality bent on any thing rather than the perform ance of his errand. Of all the trails of bis southern origin, none had the same predominance in his nature as a superstitious fear uf spirits and goblins, | a circumstance nnl likely to be mitiga- ted by his present lonely abode, inde- pendenlly of the fart that more than one popular belief attributed certain ' unearthly sights and sounds to the old timbers of ' the Curvy,' whose wreck i waa associated with tales of horror suiBcIent to tKhkc stouter tier res than Danny's.' ; When he received this order front his mistreas, he heard It pretty much as a command to lead a forlorn hope, nnd sal himself down at the outside of the door, to consider what course to take. While he was thus ineditaliog the sounds be came plainly audible, a loud and dis tinct knocking -was heard high above the whistling wind and drifting rain, accompanied from lime to time hy a kind of shout, or as it seemed to Dan's ears, a scream like the cry of a drown ing tnan. ' Diana ye hear that, ye auld daft body 1' said Nancy, as, pate with fear, and trembling in every limb, Dan en tered tbe kitchen. ' I do, indeed, Mrs. Mac,' this was the peace apjiellatiun he always conferred on Nancy. ' I hear it, and my heart's bratin' for every stroke I listen to ; 'tisn't afeard I am, hut a kind of a no tion I have, like a dhrame you know' (here he gave a sort of hysterical giggle) ' at if the ould Frrnch Captain was coining to look after hit ha)d, that was chopped off with the hatchet when he grasped hold of the rock.' ' He canna hac muckle use for it noo,' responded Nancy, drily, as she smoked away as unconcerned as pos sible. ' Or the mate !' said Dan, giving full vent to his store of horrors, ' they say when he got hold of the rope, that they gave it out, as fast as he hauled on it, till he grew faint, and sank under the waves.' ' He's no likely to want a piece of spun yarn at this time o' day, ' rejoined Nancy again, ' he's knocking brawly whoever he be, had yr-no belter do the loddy's bidding, and see who's there ?' ' Would it be jilaxitig to you, Mrs. Mac,' said Dan, in his most melting ac- crnts, ' to come a' far as tbe little grass- plat, just ou: of curiosity ye know, to say ye seen it?" ' Na, tin, ray bra' we$ man, ye maun een gae by yoursel', I dinna ken mickle about sperits and ghaists, but I have a gude knowledge of the rhrumauz with out seekin' it on a night like this; there's the leddy's bell again, she's no pleased wi' yer delay.' 'Say 1 was. puttin'. on my shoes, Nancy,' said Dan, as bis teeth chattered with fear, while he look down au old blunderbuss from its place above the fire, and which had never been stirred for years past. ' Lay her back agen where ye foond her,' said Nancy, drily, Tis ua every fule keus the like o' them ! take your mass-book, and the gltncracks ye hae ower your bed, but dinoa try mortal weapons wi-h them creatures.' Ironical as the tone of this counsel unquestionably was, Dan was in no mood to reject it altogether, and he slipped from its place within his breast to a more ostensible position, a small blessed token ' or gospel,' as it is called, which he always wore round his neck. By thistiriie the clank of the hell kept pace with the knocking sounds without, and poor Dau was fairly at his wits' end which enemy to face Some vngoe philosophy about the 'devil you know, nnd the devil yon don't,' seemed to de cide his course, for he rushed from the kitchen in a slate of frenzied despera tion, and with the blunderbuss nl full cock, took the way towards the gate. The wicket as it was termed was in reality a strong oak gate, garnished at top with a row of very formidable iron spikes, and as it was hung between two jagged nnd abrupt masses of rock, formed n very sufficient outwork, though n very needless one, since the slighlrsl- tum to cither side would have led to the cottage without any intervening barrier to pass. This fact it was which now increased Dan Nclligan's terrors, as lie reasoned that nobody but a ghost or evil spirit would be bothering him self at the wicket, when there was a neat footpath close bv. 1 Who's there V cried Dan, with a voice that all his efforts could not ren der steady. 'Come out nnd open the gale," shouted a deep voice in returu. ' Not till you tell ine where you cumc from, and who you are, if you are ' lucky ?' 'That I'm not,' cried the other, wi.li something very like a deep groan, if I were I'd scarce be here now.' ' Thai's honest, anyhow,' muttered Dan, who interpreted the phrase in its popular nccepintalion among thr j southern peasantry. 1 And uhalarc you conic back for, nlauah V continued lie in a n oil conciliating tone. Open the gale, nnd don't keep mc here answering your stupid qncs- Though these words were uttered with a round strung intonation that sounded very like the present world, Dan made no other rep'y than an endeavour to repeal a Latin prayer against evil spirits -tv licit suddenly,! and with a laud malediction on his obstinacy, Dan saw " the thing" as he hfterwards described it, take n flying leap over the gate at least ten feet high, and come with a bang on Ihe grass, not far from where he stood. To fire off the blunderbuss straight al the drifting clouds over his head and take to flight, was Dan's only impulse, screaming out " The Captain's come, he's come," at the very top of his lungs. The little strength lie possessed only- carried him to the kitchen-door, where completely 'overcome by terror, he dropped senseless on the ground. While this was occurring. Miss: Daly, alarmed hy the report of fire- arras, but without any personal fears of danger, threw open the hall door and | called out, ' Who is there?' and as the drak shadow of a figure came nearer, ' who ore yoa, sir 7' . ' My name is Forester, madam — a friend of your brother's, for I per- 1 ceive 1 hare Ihe honor to address Miss Daly.' By this time the stranger had nd- I vanced into the full light of the lamp j within, where his appearance, tired and travel-stained as he was, corroborated j his words. ' You have had a very uncourtcoui I welcome, sir,' said Miss Daly, extending ' her hand and leading him within the | cottage. ? he reception was near being a warm one, 1 fear,' said Forester. ! smiling, ' for as 1 unfortunately, grow- 1 ing rather impatient, threw my carpel hag over the gate, intending to climb ' it afterwards, some one fired al ine, not with a good aim, however, fur I , heard the slugi rattling on a high cliff ! behind me.' i ' Old Dan I'm certain mistook you for a ghost or a goblin,' said- XI its ' Daly, laughing, as if the affair- were an : excellent joke devoid of all hazard, ' ' we have few visiters down here from either world.' i ' Really, madam, 1 will confess it — , if the roads are only as impassible for ghosts, as for men of, mortal mould, I'm not surprised at it ; I left Coleraine at thrce_ o'clock lo-day, where 1 was obliged to exchange my travelling car riage for a car, and I have been travel - ; ling ever since, sometimes on what ' seemed a highway, fsr oftener, how ever, across fields, with now and thyn an intervening wall to throw down, which we did 1 own unceremoniously ; I whllcliftlng 'the horse twice out uf ' deep holes, rnendingh shaft, and splicing I the traces lost sotnc lime. '1 he driver, ; loo, was once missing, a fact I only discovered after leaving him half a mile behind. In fact the whole journey was full of small adventures up to the moment when we came to a dead stand at the fool of a high cliff, where the driver told me the road stopped, and that the rest of my way must he ac complished on fool ; and on iny askiog what direction to take, he brought me some distance off to the top of a rock, whence I could perceire tbe twinkling of a light, and aaid, ' That's the Corvy.' I did iny best to secure his services as a guide, but no offer of money nor persttasioni could induce him to leave his horse and come any further; and now, perhaps, I can guess the reason, there is some superstition about the place at nightfall.' ' No, no, you're mistaken there, sir, few of those people, however they may crctfit such talcs, are terrified by them. It was the northern spirit dictated the refusal, hit contract was to go so far, it would have ' put him ont of his way' -to go further, and bis calculation was that all the profit he could fairly derive — and he uever speculated on auy thing unfair — would not repay him, Such are the people of this Province. ' The trail is honest, I've no doubt, but it can scarcely lie the source of many amiable ones,' said Forester, smarting under the recent inconven ience. ' We'll talk of that after supper,' said Miss Daly, rising, 1 and I leave yo\Ho make n good fire while I go to give some orders.' 1 May 1 not have the honour to present my credentials first,' said For ester, handing Bngenal Daly's letter to her. ' My brother is quite well, is he not?' ' In excellent health— 1 left him but two day's since.' ' The despatch will keep, then," said she, thrusting it into a letter rack over the chimney-piece, while she left the room to make the arrangements she spoke of. Miss Daly's absence was not of long duration, but brief as it was, it afforded Forester time enough to look around at the many strange and incongruous deco rations of the apartment, nor -had he ceased his wonderment; when Dan, pale and trembling in every limb, entered tray iu hand, to lay the supper table. (7V> be Con tin i/a/. J 