THE QUESTION. PuBLIc affairs proceed from bad to worse, and our rulers seem determined to force society into a state of chaos. The first legislative council summoned by Sir William Denison disappeared almost as soon as they assembled, and the country was left destitute of a legislature until the receipt of instruc tions two months ago. Before the warrants arrived appointing the " six," Sir William dismembered the judicial department by dis missing the puisn6 judge. It is maintained that the Lieutenant-Governor exceeded his authority : none of the disqualifications men tioned in the imperial act existed in the case of Judge Montagu, and while he remained in the colony a successor could not be ap pointed. That official has, however, sailed for England, and in successfillly pleading his own cause, he will expose the evils under which we labor. The attorney general was advanced to the vacant post, and furnished with three commissions in suc cession! He presided in capital cases, and two human beings have been hanged in accordance with the sentence he pro nounced; though, as far as the chief justice knew, he had never been sworn into office. The public are yet ignorant whether or not the acting puisnU judge has taken the usual oaths: if administered the fact has not been announced ; though in other British colonies the Gazelle notifies such events to the community. At the commencement of the year this colony presented the novel but sad spectacle of a people destitute of a legis lature and a judicatory-or a disputed judi cature. The only branch of government that existed intact was the executive. Sir William Denison appears to have become uneasy at the prospect of peace when the legislature was restored and prosecuted with vigor the war with the supreme court. He endeanvoured to overrule its decisions; to subordinate the bench to his own will, and in violation of imperial laws, aimed a missile at its authority, designed to render it powerless for the pro tection of the people. WVe had long been looking forjustice from England, and just as the last advices arrived announcing that our condition had excited sympathyl, tlhat our claims would be recognised, and our wrongs redressed, a bill was pressed forward which subverts every constitutional principle, and dashes aside every constitutional protection. We publish elsewhere the proceedings in council. The public have repeatedly peti tioned to be heard against tile obnoxious bill : individuals whose interests are concerned have petitioned to be heard; but all have been refused. From a council composed of seven government oflicers and eight nominees of the crown, what can the people hope P T'he former are bound to follow their leader, and it is easy to obtain a recruit from the latter when his vote is required. It is an act of gross injustico to subject the inhabitants of this island to such a legislature, however re stricted in authority. But when the members disregard the plainest provisions of that act of the imperial parliament in virtue of which they assemble, and claim powers which the house of commons cannot exercise, the oppression becomes intolerable. The 25th section of 9 Geo. 4, cap. 83, can only be obliterated by parliament :-" Provided also and be it enacted that the said governors and councils shall not impose any tax or duty, except only such as it may be necessary to lev/ for local purposes; and TILE PURitOSsE for which every such tax or duty may be so imposed, and to or towards which the amount thereof is to be appropriated or applied, SHALL BE DISTINCTLY AND PARTICULARLY STATED IN THIE BODY OF EVERY LAW Olt ORDINANCE imposing every such tax or duty." No TAXING law is legal which does not comply with this condition, and every bill emanating from a council so circum scrihbd, which doesnotamendan informal act, but professes to declare all defective acts per fect-lgal--valid, is worthless. There was a simple remedy within reach of the council, and quite sufficient to remove every evil. A bill of indemnity would have secured all employed in collecting illegal imposts; the amount could never have been recovered: the same measure might have rendered all past proceedings under defective laws legal, and neiv enactments strictly formal might have been passed simultaneously. All the objects professedly contemplated would have thus been attained in a constitutional manner. But this plan would have involved an acknowledgement of error; it would have respected the rights of the community ; it would have recognised the bench as an inde pendent branch of the government, and im posed restrictions on the spoiliation of the people. In order to exasperate them to mad ness it became necessary to trample on their liberties, to declare their property, their repu tation, their lives, were in the hands, not of the supreme court, but of the Governor. If the council can do what they please there is nothing the colonists can call their own. If the safeguards reared by British law against despotism can be demolished by a legislature composed of nominees, farewell to all worth laboring or living for. It will be observed that the certificate of the chief justice is carefully worded. The' measure lie declares repugnant to the act which gives a constitution to the colony, is a nullity. It will not, it cannot legally touch the acts supposed to be informal. The council might as well enact that a blue coat is a black one, and that rye is wheat, wool feathers, and that Mr. Bichenois Sir William I)enison. It is a contradiction in terms to declare what is illegal legal. An invalid act many be amended, but a radical informality cannot be remedied by saving, asserting, or even swearing it is formal ; it will, not withstanding this declaration, remain defec tive to the end of time. Nothing so absurd was ever before attempted in the way of legis latiol ; though an Irish member once sug gested that a law should be passed to " make quart bottles hold a quart." We turn for relief from such abortive eflorts in this island to the rational administration in 13arrataria, under the sway of Sancho Panza. Parnlina was not unlike the " doubts bill:" her right side was prepossessing, but she haind lost her left eye; she was so cleanly as to keep her nose cocked up ; her lips were a miraculous mixture of blue, green, and orange; her mouth unusually cnlpacious; her genteel de portment and tall stature would have struck the beholder with admiration, but she was so bent that her knees touched her mouth, and Iher' hand would have been given in marriage, if it had not been shrunk and she could not stretch it out. This beauty was designed for an equally prepossessing partner, who fairly represents the official tribe of Tasmania, only solicitous to finger the expected " portion. When the doubts bill was proposed to Sir William Denison lie should have replied in the language of honest Sancho: " I vow you Don lubberly, rascally rustic, if you don't get you gone, I will demolish you : is this a time to come, and a way to demand six hun dred ducats P" 'Th'le admission is startling that there are more than three dozen of the local acts in a " doubtful" state. It is impossible to add, in severity to the censure, the ostentatious pa rade of these informal laws inflicts on the highly paid but blundering olfficials who prepared them. A clerk in a merchant's counting house guilty of a twentieth part of the errors, would be dismissed as incompetent. But the olficers of the crown are safe, however appa rent their incapacity, so long as they coun tenance unconstitutional assumptions. The avowed object of the barristers is to make out a case of expediency ; to appal the public, and to silence objection by an appeal to tile supposed interests of the people. It is proper the delusion should be dissipated and appre hension set at rest. Mr. Smith only speaks decidedly of tie acts contained in the first table. Of these it will be observed "the registration of deeds" is perhaps the only one of importance. Some regulate affairs which could be controlled for a time without law or permitted without injury, and the remainder are naked impost laws. Surely the solicitor general did not intend to frighten the com munity into compliance by showing that no taxes could be demanded from them ? We have no doubt that were every act imposing duties declared informal, Mr. Smith could provide a new series, complete in all their parts, within the space of a week; and we have no reason to suppose extraordinary de lay would occur in the council chamber. The second table, if questioned, could be super seded in the same manner, and with equal celerity. But we have yet to learn if those acts in which fees are mentioned would ne cessarily cease to operate if the power to de mand or recover them were defective. 'The re gistrar, we presume, might still register deeds, permit searches, and furnish abstracts, even though not remunerated for his trouble. The terrible spectre conjured up by the solicitor general is a ghost after all. It has neither flesh, blood, nor bones-at best it is a table cloth spread on a broomstick. We do not profess to believe that Mr. Smith's reasoning is to be attributed " to astute dishon"-ty or dishonest astuteness;" but the result is " very like a whale," and about as real as the bark of the Flying Dutchman. It might be very proper for Messrs. Fleming and Smith to express their opinions on the subject sub mitted with all the dogmatism and force they could put forth, but surely it was unnecessary to insult the chief justice. In their joint production they speak of the " impression which the mind of the judge may happen to receive from subtle arguments,"and Mr. Smith in his own paper reiterates the same senti ment, duly italicised, protesting against the principle " that every act is to be subject to run the gauntlet of the acute and subtle, anii often sophistical dialectics of the courts; and is to depend for its obligations not on its own intrinsic sanction, but on the efjec which the argument of all astute advocate may happen to hare on the mind of a judge." ''This insinuation, if directed against Sir John Pedder, is unjustifiable. If deemed unfit for an ollice he has adorned for twenty four yecrs, his accusers should have said so plainly. A governor that could countenance a sinister mode of attack would have ap plauded an open assault. He claims for his. legal advisers the right to overrule the solemn decisions of the supreme court; and if they are competent to correct these, they are doubt less qualified to sit in judgment on the capa city of his honor. Sir John Pecdder requires no defence at our hands: his reputation is spotless: his character unimpeached: his im partiality unchallenged. He possesses talents perhaps less ready than those of his late able if eccentric coadjutor; but though he re quires time to deliberate, his decisions have not been less wise or less sound, The law officers of the crown seem to have gone aside for the purpose of inflicting a wound, merely because the acuteness,firmness, and integrity of Sir John Pedder had perplexed their pa tron; entirely forgetful that the chief justice was bound by the sanction of an oath to ad minister the law conscientiously. And what is the substitute proposed for the solemn de cisions pronounced from the sacred seat of justice? The opinions-yes, the opinions of her Majesty's attorney and solicitor-generals for the island of Van Diemen's Land. And are these gentlemen less liable to error, more independent, pure, and free from prejudice, possessing superior wisdom and wider expe rience than his honor P We scarcely believe the public are yet disposed to transfer the ad judication of theirriglits and privileges, their political and material interests from the supreme court to the offices of these very respectable, but very conceited gentlemen. History should have taught them that when a people depart from courts of justice, the appeal is not to attorney and solicitor- gene rals, but to arms. A law enacted by the "Teetotal Society," or the" Mercantile Assistants' Association," would be equally obligatory on the commu nity as an act passed by the legislative coun cil, if outside the boundary so clearly defined by parliament. They possess no power to impose taxes except the purposes are dis tinctly stated in the body of the document; and they are necessarily destitute of the autho rity to dispense with that essential condition, by declaring it imniaterial. Their scope is sufficiently wide without allowing them a latitude which would render them irrespon sible tyrants. If the provisions of an imperial law may be disregarded by an assembly which derive their character and privileges from it, whenever they choose to assert that its restrictions are inconvenient, then it is useless to seek a constitution from the su preme legislature. The 9 Geo. 4 is a fiction, a mockery, a delusion. Besides the delibe rate determination of the Queen, lords, and commons, we can imagine but another mode of expunging the "charter." If the people of this island shook oil' their alleigance, announced themselves independent, and de clared they would no longersubmitto external interference with their domestic affairs, they, in mass, or by their representatives, however selected, might terminate the operation of imperial statutes in this colony. But the legislative council have not been sent on this mission, and whatever may be the inclination of the colonists, oppressed and goaded by misgovernment, they are too weak even to contemplate such an alternative; but Great Britain may rest assured that unless a better policy prevail, at no distant day, the Austra lian settlements will become the" Uncle Sam" of the Southern Ocean. 