CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS. CHRISTMAS week is a period of rejoicing mostly all over the world, and is not less remarkable as a week of festivity in this small and isolated portion of Her Majesty's possessions. In spite of the pau- city of public amusements afforded in a young co- lony, relaxation in a variety of forms has been in- dulged in by young and old. Roast beef and plum pudding, mince pies, custards, and whip-sillibubs, with a goodly array of foreign and colonial wines, and fruits, have fallen to the portion of the better class, and the modicum of Her Majesty's coinage in the colony, has no doubt found a quickened cir- culation in the form of presents, and the usual douceur of the season. If every colonist, blessed with the good things of this world, has not done all that may be expected of him to smooth the ragged path of his less fortunate fellows, we sin- cerely believe that there has been, in each house, at least, an endeavor to do something towards the commemoration of the birth of Him, who came to teach us to exercise love, sympathy, and good-will. The disposition of that man must be phlegmatic indeed, whose best feelings are not roused, by the seasonable compliment of "a merry christ- mas and a happy new year." The youthful asso- ciations of the expatriated colonist, coupled with the very name of Christmas, are sufficient in them- selves the cheerfulness essential to a right partici- pation in the mirth and innocent extravagance suitable to so extremely joyful a festival. But during the midsummer of a warm climate, it is impossible to possess all the means, or indeed the desire, of enjoyment, peculiar to a winter day in old England. No frost, no blazing fire, no long winter's evenings, each of which seems indispensa- ble to the sociality of a Christmas day. And so thought the inimitable THONSON, when he sang:— Meantime the village rouses up the fire; While well attested, and as well believ'd, Heard solemn, goes the goblin story round; Till superstitious horror creeps o'er all. Or, frequent in the sounding hall, they wake The rural gambol. Rustic mirth goes round; The simple joke, the long loud laugh sincere; The kiss, snatch'd hasty from the sidelong maid, On purpose guard-less, or pretending sleep; The leap, the slap, the haul; Thus jocund fleets with them the Christmas-night, Our warm Christmas weather is no inducement to assemble in numbers; rather the contrary. Ma- ny of the old English amusements usual at this time would be intolerable. Blind-man's-buff, snap- dragon, hunt-the-slipper, are anything but agree- able. And who would give a fig for a hot mince pie, with the rays of a nearly tropical sun resting on it? or for a smoking hot plum pudding, on one of our suffocating summer days? or, who could enter into all the imaginary horrors of a ghost story, on our warm twilight evenings ? Oh! for a Christmas in England, on a Cold frosty dark evening, beside a good fire, in an old fashioned chimney, beneath, the sooty canopy of which the listeners are snugly ensconced; and then-what? "Dread o'er the scene, the ghost of Hamlet stalks." These, then, are amongst the principal draw- backs in our sunny clime, which we consider ad- verse to the perfection of a Christmas day. But is there not one single particle of those peculiar joys which make the name of Christmas so dear to the people of England? Is there nothing to recall the delight felt in happy England, and which has often been felt by many of the older colonists? Assuredly there is. We have concentrated, and have clung together in sympathy and sociality. Our families, scattered over our adopted land, have congregated at the hospitable table, and joined in cheerful, unison around the board, groaning with the profuse collection of such luxuries as the co- lony affords. Happy party! theirs is indeed the "Feast of reason and the flow of soul." During the week our little ones have amused themselves with many games. Good humor, kindness and interchanges of good offices, have predominated among us on this festal occasion. As the weather becomes warm and relaxing, we unbosom ourselves, grow kind, and are communicative: as the sky arrives at the acme of its brightness, our counte- nances brighten with the glow of good-fellowship; while the elements are more calm, there is peace and quietness between colonist and colonist. Apart from its direct association with religious objects, Christmas is full of moral suggestions. Half the suspicions, and dislikes, and the various Latent degrees of hatred which unfortunately exist among us, might be greatly subdued, if not entirely removed by that mutual knowledge which a full and free inter-communion alone can give. It is then the erring child is reconciled to his parents, and the family is once more united in, the bonds of affection. Happy may our brother settlers be in the re- occurrence of this festival, and in their endeavors to alleviate the relaxing heat of the season by mutu- ally kind offers and all the increased harmony, and good will to which they are instrumental. And with these wishes, as well as that of a "happy new year" to our friends and acquaintances, we enter upon the labors of 1848. 