ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. DANIEL'S SEVENTY WEEKS. . TO THE EDITOR OF THE " ADELAIDE OBSEBVER." Sir—According to the Jewish mode of reckoning time, thieir common year contains twelve months, of thirty days each, amounting in the whole to 360 days. This is not the exact length of either the lunar or the solar year; but of their average it is the nearest approximation which can he made in whole numbers. The lunar year of 354 days 8 hours and 48 minutes, added to the solar of 365 days 5 hours 48 minutes and 49 seconds, gives a total of 719 days 14 hours 36 minutes and 42 seconds, which sum, divided by 2, pro duces 359 days 19 hours 18 minutes 24 1/2 seconds for the average of the two; so that, taking this average as the groundwork for a year, the Jewish year of 360 days is little more than the two-thousandth part of the whole from the exact period, which is far nearer the truth than reckoning 30 days to a month is; for this is nearly a sixtieth part from correctness. Whatever were the grounds on which the Israelites adopted these numbers in the construction of their calendar, it is evident that, in prophetic periods, the Holy Spirit has fol- lowed the same rule in the number of days both for months and years, and consequently, to be understood, prophetic time must be reckoned accordingly. In addition to years and months, which are founded on natural phenomena, it is to be observed that in the law there is the week, or cycle of seven days, which, if it has any \- foundation in Nature, is that of the four phases, or quarters of the moon ; but, like years and months, this is not strictly correct; yet we say, " Four weeks is a month ;" and we may just observe that, as in the case of the Jewish common year, if the periodical and synodical months be added toge ther and divided by 2, their average will be only 10 hours 13 1/2 minutes wide of four weeks, or 28 complete days. But, besides weeks of days, the law has weeks of weeks; as, seven weeks from the Passover to the Feast of Pente cost: weeks of months ; as, seven months from the begin ning of the year to the Feast of Tabernacles in the seventh month: weeks of years, called the Sabbatic year : and last, the great week of weeks of years, or Jubilee, containing seven Sabbatic, or forty-nine years. If we just bear this in mind, we shall have no difficulty in understanding how Daniel's seventy weeks mean as many years as there are days in seventy weeks; for, from the account, it is evident that when he made his earnest supplication for mercy and deliverance to his people and country, it was with a strong impression on his mind arising from reading Jeremiah's pro phecy foretelling their captivity for seventy years, and the conclusion of this period coinciding with the fall of Babylon at the death of Belshazzar, which he looked upon as the harbinger and pledge that deliverance was at hand, accor ding to Jeremiah's word. With this impression full and strong, he made his prayer not only for his own native king- dom of Judah, but for all Israel, and perhaps this may ac count for the angel being sent to set him completely right on the whole question; for Jeremiah, as the prophet of Judah, had foretold the destruction of his own metropolis, and the seventy years captivity of her king and people; but this did not apply to the kingdom of Israel, and to the whole seed of Jacob for whom Daniel had prayed; but now the period of Judah's captivity is made the groundwork in prophesy for the full accomplishment of God's purposes to the whole race, and hence he says, Seventy weeks, in reference to the seventy years before named, " Seventy weeks are deter mined," as in the law. To a Jew the transition in the mind from weeks of days to weeks of years would be both easy and natural, and no doubt, not only Daniel, but the whole nation, understood the seventy weeks in this sense, as is evident from their full expectation of the Messiah's ap pearance about the time of Christ's actual appearance at the end of the seventy weeks of years, which is fully proved from the New Testament. The seventy weeks thus understood as weeks of years, ac cording to the law (Lev xxv. 3—7; Deut. xv. 1—18), in the whole amount to 490 years of 360 days each, which, re duced to solar time, is 483 years, minus 5 days. Assuming the chronology to be correct, which is given in solar time, and printed in our Margin Bibles, the twentieth year of Artaxerxes, when the commission was given to Nehemiah to build Jerusalem, was B.C. 445, which; subtracted from 482 or 483, leaves A.D. 37-or 38 for the end of the seventy weeks, according to the law for the Sabbatic year. These seventy weeks are divided by the angel into three distinct parts: first, Seven weeks, which, dated from B C. 445, brings .us down to B C. 396 or 397, about the close of the Old Testament by Malachi. Secondly, Three score and two weeks, which reach to about the year 30 or 29 of the Christian era. And thirdly, One week, during which the Messiah was to confirm the covenant with many, and in the middle of the week cause the sacrifice and oblation to cease. This was fulfilled at the crucifixion, when the death of Christ, the great antitype of all sacrificial rites, abolished and took them, as types, away. Christ was crucified April 3d, A.D. 33 , consequently the one week of his confirming the covenant with many must embrace the whole period from his baptism by John until three years and a half after his death; and the first half will include his baptism, the descent of the Holy Spirit upon him, his temptation, public ministry, miracles, death, and perhaps resurrection and ascension ; and the latter half will include the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pente cost, the miraculous gifts and power which inconsequence attended the preaching of the Apostles, His appearance to Stephen the protomarfyr and to Saul of Tarsus, whom he commissioned to go and preach the Gospel to the Gentiles— for all these events took place during this one week of years, which closed the seventy weeks in this primary sense. But there is another sense in which, according to Scripture, they may be legitimately understood, viz., to reckon them as weeks of years, according to the law, as above; and then apply to then the rule given to Moses (Num. xiv. 33, 34), and afterwards repeated to Ezekiel (Ezek. iv. 6), and reckon every day they contain for a year. Counted up in this way, to which there can be no reasonable objection, the seventy weeks will amount to 176,400 Jewish years, or 168,413 years of solar time. But if we reckon them weeks of weeks of years, or jubilees, and apply this rule, which we may do without any violence to either the law or the pro phets, they will then reach the amazing period of 1,126,800 Jewish, or 1,123,292 solar years. At flrst sight these numbers appear startling; nevertheless, our Lord's words seem to have reference to some such sense of the seventy weeks as this, when, of the days of vengeance which he knew would come upon the Jewish nation, he says, " And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved, but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened," Matt. *xiv. 22. Mark has it, " And except the Lord had shortened the days no flesh should be saved, but for the elect's sake whom he hath chosen, he hath shortened the days." Mark xiii. 20. In Luke there is a con aiderable variation, which throws much light on the subject: " For these be the days of vengeance, that alt things which are written may be fulfilled ; and they [this people"] shall fall by the edge of the sword, and be carried captive into all nations, and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled." Luke xxi 22. 24\. Prom what is said in these passages compared with: " When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, whoso readeth let him understand." Matt. xxiv. 15. Mark xiii. 14. Luke xxi. -20., it is evident that the words days of vengeance have special reference to the days in the vision of the seventy weeks, being stretched out, or lengthened to years of affliction, according to Ezekiel's rule, as was the case with their fathers in the wilderness; and the words, ' Except the Lord had shortened the days," and, " The Lord hath shortened the days," appear to intimate that it all the days contained in the seventy weeks of years according to the law, were reckoned into years according to the prophetic rule, the period would be so long that the faith of the scat tered remnant would fail and hope to die, and as a seperate people they would become extinct by being melted down, amongst, and amalgamated with the other nations of the earth; an event, which if it ever could take place, would be the greatest misfortune which could befal the human race; for Israel, appears destined to act even yet, a more conspi cuous and important part for the happiness of the human family than he hitherto ever has done. Who dares say that anything less than the gathering again of the Jews into their' own land, and the complete restoration of all their national rights and immunities, can save the human race from uni versel atheism, which might lead to universal crime, and finally end in man's universal destruction from off the face of the earth? Nothing less than this seems to be implied in the words, " And except those days should be shortened there should no flesh be saved." Let the Protestant nations of Europe, but England especially, weigh this subject impartially and solemnly, and then say what is clearly their duty to the seed of Abraham ; and more especially so at this time, from consideration that it is added, "The Lord hath shortened the days;" which words evidently mean that all the days of the seventy weeks shall not be prolonged to years of punishment for transgression. Accordingly the sixty-nine weeks appear to be shortened to common Sabbatic years, and the last one week of the Messiah's confirming the covenant with many, retained and made a measuring line, so to speak, both for Jews and Gentiles, according to Ezekial's rule. This week of years ' or seven years of 360 days each, amounting in the whole to 2520 natural days, and-divided in the middle by tbe cruci fixion produces the celebrated number 1260 days, the 42 months, and the time, times, and half a time of Daniel and John: and by comparing the times of the Gentiles (Luke xxi, 22, 24) with other parts of prophecy and history to gether it seems to be intimated that the period of 2520 Jewish years constitute the times of the Gentiles, as the period from Moses to Christ constituted the times of the Jews: and that as during that period the Jews enjoyed the first-borns double portion, earthly good and heavenly light, so during this period of 2520 Jewish years, the Gentiles must enjoy the offers of that salvation which the Jews, like their, elder brother Esau before tbem, despised and cast away from them, while they are wandering through the world as in a wilderness, bearing their transgressions, a year for every day that the Messiah by many infallible proofs, in sign's, and miracles, and wonders which God did by him, confirmed amongst them the great priesthood's covenant with many. Reduced to solar time these 2520 Jewish years amount to 2483 years 285 days. Applied to the Gentiles, and dated from the year 41, when the door of faith was opened to them under the preaching of Peter to Cornelius's family, they will end in 2524, which appears to be the utmost stretch to which the numbers in Revelation can be carried; except we apply them to the Jews, and date from the des truction of Jerusalem by Titus, in the year 70. They will then end in 2554; but if we date from its first destruction by Nebuchadnezzar (II. Ohro. xxxvi, 19. B.C. 583) they will end in 1896, and it dated from the commencement of the seventy years captivity (B. C. 607) they will end in 1877. Without some such application as the one above ad vanced, the writer does not see how the seventy weeks can be reconciled to the words of Christ, nor how both can be made to quadrate with the facts of history. In the pro phecy it is said, " Seventy weeks are-determined upon thy people and upon thy holy city to finish the transgression," -&c.;, and from the words of Christ it is evident that the finishing of the transgression must include the finishing, or end of the pumshmeut for transgression as the end of the forty years was the end of the effects of transgression to the Israelites, which they were said to bear, and which they did not cease to bear until they laid down the load by their entrance into the promised land. Christ says, " These be the days of vengeance that all things which are written should be fulfilled;" from which it clearly follows that the seventy weeks must in some sense or other include the whole period of the days of vengeance, and pouring out of all that is written from Moses to Christ of course including the vision of the seventy weeks itself. Now, as the commencement of these days of vengeance is, by our Lord, pointedly confined to the time when Jerusalem should be encompassed by armies (Luke xxi, 20) and we know from history that that event did not take place until between thirty and forty years after these words were spoken, and consequently beyond the limits of the last, one week in its commonly received sense; and further, as we know that these days of vengeance are not even yet come to a close, the conclusion is therefore irre istable that they could not in their full sense, end 490 years after the twentieth year of Artaxerxes, whether the years be taken as Jewish or solar, but must have a more extended meaning than that which is generally applied to them. At this extended sense our Lord's words appear to point when of this very part of prophecy he says, " Let him that readieth "understand; and these words are the writer's only apology for trying to come at a sense more in accordance with the whole scope and tenour of prophecy and history compared than that which he conceives to be self contradictory and opposed to historical fact. I am, Sir, Your obedient Servant. Luke Broadbent. 