GENERAL ELECTIONS. ( From Tuesdays Government Gazett.) His exce.Iency the Governor directs it to be notified or general inforuimoii, that Writs have been issued for a General Electiou of Members to sere in the Legisrative Councii, addressed to the Returning Officers of tht- E!ec:o-ial Districts ihiout>liOut the eolony, and that the chief PoliiDg Place, a1 d the d y on which the Writ is r. iurnable to Governor, havt b- en fixed for eas-h Elector. District, as shown in the subjoined vsz, ; — Afgyle — chief poiinufplace, Goulburn j nomination, 25:h July ; polling, Juiy 31 Bathursi — chief poi ing pi c-, Ba hurst ; nosnina io i, Jx.lv 25; po ling, June 29 Camden — chi- f pot ing , 1 ee, Fnim ; nomination, July 25 ; p. I inp, J..- y 3t. Cook aim Westmoreland — ei i-f polling place, Hartley ; July 25; polling July 29. Cumberland — chief polling pi cejParramaUa ; nomination, July 23; polling 2nd August. Cumbriai.d B>ou s— c. ief polling pla'e, WinsO', nom.naiion, J uh 26 polling 1 August. Doiham— ch ef jo ling piaue, Peterson; nomiiHti.-n, 25 July: poling, 28 July. Gloucester, Mncquarie, a 'd Standley — chiet polling place, Raymond Ter- r.-ice ; nomin it;on, July 25; p Ding, 2nd August. Hunter, B isbane, aud Biigh — chiet pairing piace, Scone ; nomination, July 25 ; polling, July 29- Melbourne — chief poriing pi ce Gipps Ward ; uom- inatio , July 25; po.Img, Jily 26. M« ray, King, and Georgians — chi"f polling piace, Yass ; nom ination, July 26; poling, July 31 Northumber land— chiew po place.. East Maith'.nd ; nomina tion Juiy 25; polling, J ,ly 31. N uihum tr >nd Sr'oughs — chn-f polling puce, EaS: Maitlana ; mmi- uiatron, July 27 ; poking, Juiy 29. P»rramat!a — chief polling plscp, Parramatta ; nomination, June 25 . po ling, July 28. Poit Phiilip— chief polling pLce Melbourne; nomination, July 20 ; polling, July 27. Roxburg, Piiiliip. Wellington— chief polling p ac: ," Bathursi; nomination, Ja y 26 ; polling, June 3l\ St. Vincent and Auc-kia.id — chief polling piac--. i Braid wood; nomination, July 25; poling, July 31. Sydn y— chief pulling place Bouiks Ward ; noimua. tion, June 27; polling, Jnn> 28. Bv His Fxceiiencv's Cornmind. E D2AS THOMPSON voioniat o creiary s utnee, Sydney. 27th; J a e 1348. Robbery from the Person. — John Harri3 charged with robbing a person of the name o' Maguer ol £40, on board the Rose steamer, whilst on her passage, on Tuesday last, from Maitland, was on Saturday again before the Porice Court. No fui titer evidence iti addition to what has already appeared was adduced The cir cumstance of Ma,;nvtr h iving had, amonsv the notes comprising the £40 stolen from him, only one £1 note of the commercial Bank, aud that"; torn, and an exactly similar ou being found among som other notes on the prisoner's person when he was taken into enstoty, the Beuch considered vyarranted a committal. 'Harris was allowed, on the application of his advocate, Vir. G. R. Nichols, bail, himself iu £80 and two sureties in £40 each. Burglary. — On Saterday forenoon, du ring the a isenoe of the inmatei at chape , the house ut a pirson named Moran, in Athioue place, Parramiittn-streei, was entered by means ol picking the lock of the front door, when £7 10s in gold, about a pound in silver, and Kin oi 1 17 cap ntalohoc umra 'I'L .. »,.).! ff wivi'vuf "l''d oluicu. x lie guili vvdo subseqneliy picked up by Moran at a short distance fioai hia house, in the purse in which it was contained, and which had been accidents" y dropped. Cl-.thes Stealing, and Second-hand Clothes Dealers. — Ou sSalu day a woman named Buckley, was cba-gcd bctme he Poiice Court wiffi stealing a shirt and a sua wl, the property ot a person of the nauio ol Swaii and hii wiie. On Thursday night, the prisoner occupied the second bed in the :o >:u iu a.l -dging-h ;use in Goulburn-street, in wl.i u tl ey siept, and o i their rising on the following ("Friday) momi. g. it was found that she hud got up and went out ui uo early hour, and that the articles in ques tion mere missing. A sea- oh was then made at the second-hand clothes sbo.s in the neighbourhood, and the shirt auU shawl were found exposed lor sale at that kept by Bartholomew Lane, in Pitt- street, who, however oh their being identified by ! the Swans, and slated to ha e if e > stolen from them gave them up. Lane being called as a witness, sla ted, that early on Fridaj morning, tbe prisoner came to him, and offered him tbe articles for salej which he bought of her for bali-a-crown. and she then went away, aud he hung the articles up before his shop, where they were about half an hour after words claimed by the Swans; and who had scarcely left ith them than the prisoner returned with an old woman, who claimed to be her mother, and o.d hiin that her daughter, the prisoner, oujibt not to have disposed oi the articles at the low price she had. He then gave the prisoner in custody. In the course oi the examination it appeared that on Mrs. Swan first recognising her shawl, enquired of LaDe the price, when, although he had only given hui.'-a- criiv; n for both il aud the shirt, and it had not been half an hour iu his possession, he demanded lour shillings lor the article, which was neariy new and had cost fiheeu shil.ings. Captain Innes and the Mayor severally remarked, on this transpiring, that from what Lane had stated, his proper place ought to be in the dock instead of the prisoner, and the police were directed to keep a sharp eye on his future proceedings. Buckley, who did not deny the theft, but pleaded distress, was committed for trial. Smashing —Bridget Mitchell, and Magaret Cun ningham, two females of loose character, were oa Saturday charged be/ore the Police Court with, on tbe previous day ; the first with attempting to pass, and the second as accessary, a base hull crown, on tbe previous day, at Hancock's public house in George street, in payment for some liquor. Accor ding to the evidence of Inspector Burrowes, who ap prehended the prisoners, Mitchell did not deny the tender of the eoin, and stated she got it from Cun ningham, who ad unite J giving it her,andaccounted fur tbe possession of it in a most discreditable man ner. The coin was one of the 1834's, and a very good specimen of the spurious mintage. An unfortunate Find.— Information being on Tuesday, about two o'clock, given to Police Sergeant Nowlan. that a looker-on at the sale at tbe Labour Bazaar, in Pitl- street, had been observed to pick up and pocket some notes which had been dropped by a female passing by, be at once proceeded thither. On his reaching the Bazaar, Mr. Fleming, tbe baker, po nied out a man named Michael Maker as having picked up the notes, he proceeded lo question him respecting them, when he hesitated a good deal, but on being taken into custody, produced one £5 note, which he eaknowledged to have picked up with a second one for a similar amount, which be said he liad given t<> a person, who standing by him at the time be found them, cned "halves." Maker wus then confiut.d, and on Tuesday, b'ougbt to :he Police Court, when the foregoing was given in evidence by the constable. A female of the name of Anderson deposed to losing the notes from her handkerchief iu which she had wrapped them up. She uussed them almost immediately afterwards, and whilst standing contused at her loss, she was told of the prisoner being in charge. A person ot tbe name cf Garner gave evidence that be was standing at the bazaar wh-m Maber picked up the notes aod vvbo gave him one of tbi m as he was standing next to him ' at the hnd," but . n t' e co iditiou that if there was any owner found lor it, it was to be given up. Hearin , however, of the loss of the notes, the witness proceed ed to the Police Office, and hauded the one he had received. The prisoner when called on for his de fence, firstly stated that he was under the impression tl at whata j erson found he might keep :but on the the Mayor e,iLi g that he must be perfectly aware th.it such a proceeding could not be au honest one, aod that his duty was to proceed to inform fho police of the occurrence, he shifted his ground, and admitting it wonld hare been the proper way., en deavoured to palliate the ofience by submitting that a man was not always in his proper senses. The Mayor rem irked the preselit was one of those cases in which it was requisite an example should be made, and then committed Maher for stealing, but allowed bail — himself in £80 and two sureties in £40. D 'g Stealing —A «nan named Andrew Bamford was on Tuesday brought before the Police Court having been apprehended on the previous dav, in consequence of its being deemed that became pecu liarly within the intent and meaning of that section of the Vagrant Ac?, which applies to persons having no plae-? of habitation, was under a rock at the rear of the Glebe, and his means of support stealing d »gs, killing and flaying them, aud disposing of their skins to the tanners. The bench considering this pursuit anything but a'-lawful means of support" sentenced Bamford to two months' imprisonment in the gaol, or Route of Correction. School i-f Arts — We are happy to state that the office of Li oraiian to the School af Arts will be filled by Mf Belii"gham, whom we ment;on»d last week as being eminently qnalifi d by his previous experience to manage me de'ai.s of that iuipoitant Institution, which has of late, we are sorry to hear, been declininir in public estimation. Toe Committee very i rope ly feit -hat an eff » t was necessary to re vive it, aud they have, we think gone at once to the root of the evil, by accepting the resignation of Mr.- Hril, and appointing without delay a n executive officer, whose habits of business, and gravity both nfmindaud depnr mem cauaot fail to have a bene ficial effect. Mr Beilingham, we understand, assumes the duties of bis offie on the first of Jaly, the Com mittee being anxious that the whole business of the Institution should at once be placed ou a new foot ing. Burglary at Newtown. — The man Bones, who was bewe the Police Court on Friday, oa suspicion of having broken into (he stores of Mr. Curr, at New town, and stolen three kegs oi tobacco therefrom, was, in pursuance of a remand, again before the Court on Monday. Interfering wilh thr Police — Tw« persons wt re prosecuted berote die Police Court on Monday for breaches o; t">e Sydney Poi.'ce Acf, in assaulting the constabulary in tbe exicuiiou of their duty, aud fioes o' 10-. at.d 2s 6d. were severely imposed, j L it k after your Horse — Aoout 6 o'clock on Monday evening, a man named S evensou, a butcher, " residing on Suny IJi.ls, tied up, his horse at a post a? the comer of Put and G >u>burn-streets, while he went into Smith's public- house. Oncoming out a few minutes afterwards he found the animal hid been s.toier,. Ti.e horse, saddle, and bridle are valued at £30. INQUESTS.— An inquest was held by Mr Ryan Brenan on Monday at Mr. Driver's, the Three Tons, King and Elizabeth- streets, touching the death of a female named Elizibeth Agars, then lying dead in the Infirmary. Evidence having been given by Mr. Albert Spencer as to discovering the body of the deceased at about seven o'clock on the previous morning floating in Woolloomooloo Bay, close to the bathing-house, and getting it brought on shore, a man named Hannaway, with whom the deceased had lived, and a second person of the name M'Cauley, in whose house they had at one time resided, were called. From the statement of the first it appeared the deceased had been deranged for the last there weeks, from the effects of intoxication. Shortly after going to bed on Friday night, she started up saying she had seen ghosts, and insisted on proceeding to St. Mary 's cathedral to see one of the clergy there, and whither he acompanied her. A clergyman there having told her to come up again in the morning, she turned home and they went to bed, and he spoke to her between three and four o'clock on Saturdlay morning, but on his rising a few hours afterwards he found she had gone out, and he did not see her alive again. The second witness (M'Cauley) deposed that she came to his house about nine o'clock on the Saturday morning, when she was without shoes asked it some faries had not left a pair there for her and learning there was none, she immediately ran out and this appears to be the last time she was seen aiive. D M E van gave evide me as to examining the body, on which there was no marks of violence, but could not state whether, the deceased had died previous to, or subsequent to immersion in the water. There was, however, a very peculiar appearance of vermillion coloured effluescence about the mouth. The Jury returned a verdict of found dead in the water but how or by what means the deceased came there, there was no evidence to show.--A second inquest was held at Goodman's the Ci cuini t iay Hjiel, touch- ing the decease o' Alex inde Graidliy, second male o the brg, -Freak, then lying dead ou board that ves sel. From the evidence adduce 1, it appeared that thai th - deceased, who was abou. 45 years of age, had been dri: kit g very heavily during the last eighteen days, and was suffering no ailment »x;ept such as intoxication would produce, he had, however, du ring the last few days, somewhat fecov r d aud a'-oui ten o'clock on Senriay ntht got a glass ol grog bom the Stewart, which he drank, and immediately cfserwards went, as was supposed, to h:s hammock, which was in the hali-det k near the main hatchway, and early on Monday morning was found lying dead in the fcrehold having appaienily falleu down -.he hatchway. Dr. Mackellar was immediately sent for, bnt life bad heen ext net some ho ars before his arrival. From :he evidence given by the gentleman at the inquest it appeared thebody pres-nttd to maiks of violencs. A post mo-tera examination having batn made, Dr. M. stated shit from the appa'auce the o y pses'-riited death hid resulted from suffocation, tne deceostd having been seised in tonsequeuce of general debility and weakness, aud a fainting fit, With the exception of the stomach being inflimed, the result of intemperance, the body was perfectly healthy, the viscera and intes'ines particularly so. but there was no nutriment in the stomach, and which induced the opinion he had g:nsn ol a fi o - curing from eenei.il debility. Dr. M Kellar's opin ion was cor firmed by one of ihe officers of the vessel stating that the deceased had taken no nutriment for upwards of ten days. A finding was recorded of suffocation from the tff-cts of intemperance. 