, v- — DOMESTIC GAZETTE TOWN COUNCIL. Tharediy being the ususl day of tneeiing, a fall muster took plaoe, vtien the following business was (r&nsactod; . Minultt. — The minutes of the list meet- in? were reid and oonfirtned. and the inl- notes of the different committees were read. The Town Auctioneer. — The resignation of Mr. Edgir, u town auctioneer, wai read and accppted. Report. — A report of the Legislative Committee was brought up, with drafts of the memoritli to the Governor a id Legis lative Council praying for relief from the costs of the late mandamus case for the Alderman and Aaaesaors of Bourke Ward. Town Lntpettor His Worship tho Mayor brqught under the notice of the Council an attack upon -this official In the Daily News and a letter from Mr. Jeffries, the persooJo \- question, on the anhjeet- The matter baVing been referred to the Public Works Com mittee by the Mayor, was investigated, and no charge having beq acbctBQtiated by the editor of tho Daily Newt, Ctlrf nspector was exonerated from all blamo in The matter, and the committee waa requested to report to the Council accordingly. Bourke and Chunk Stags!#.— The report of the Public Works Committee recom mending nn alteration in the level of Bourke and Little Collins-street, at their junction with Ch n rch -street, was adopted on -the motion of Alderman Kerr and Mr. Council, lor Amutnd, after Mr. Cooncillor Arrolt- ! stead had mentioned to tho Council that he | had pointed out the necessity of the altera tion at tiie time thelerels were fixed by the -Council, and stated his doubts whether the owners of property had not some redress against the Corporation. The Marketed Councillor Stephen rose to propnM a motion—" That in order to check the aalo of stolen horses within the Town and City of Melbourne by Public Auction, a Bye Law founded on the Sta tutes 2 P. aud M. C. 7, and .31 F.Iix., C. 12, be prepared hy the Legislative Com. raitfee, creating tho Markets of this Cor poration as Markets Overt, for the Sole of Horses end Cattle." He said the matter affrctod the burgets© and the public, who had been very serious sufferers bv the prac tice of selling stolen horses in the market, and If they have turned out to bo stolen tho purchaser had to give them up, and lose (ho value of the horse#. If a market overt the stock purchased in our market would come unuci i ue now ibw, enti it mo stock proved to bB stolen, there the purchaser could re cover back his horse ; after soom discussion the motion was carried. Ret Coffr?or#a»?(ifA# New A#/»essmenf.— Councillor Annend, as acting chairman of tho Finance Committee, brought up n mo tion founded upon the report of the Finance Committor, to thn effect i hat a now a&scoU; I ment for the whole town be ordereJijSm which Councillor Stephen moved | ment that nn assessment on tiie whoPR? of 4m' new buiMinee be imposed, whiclivaaS conded by Councillor M'N'nmA. cil lor Arraltstnad supported thf ftlBmriSv at some length, because the linyjawMiifai- per for making any alteratigSMBf when tho reenoy had tha . streets, and tbe thorouJp»«.%nhiwred, then would be the time WuytioQ. Alderman .InhnKt/trio flroMretl tt !. , -h -w ... «» j in favour of a new . cillor Moor followedS3ylmr bido. The origiual )lftr?ntt - I carried. J" Ba8#V' ' ' '";ir ' lij j The next motion I Clirke to the offert : lectors 1k« instructed to make the Ta1uatiotis I in conformity with the Rcgnlatioiis of the j 24th of Maroh, 1846. Councillor Aunand . objected fo one of these Regulations, which j was as follows u In eases where itidispen. l iible chattels are annexed to a building, they j should be valued as an entire taking, the I building being rendered raorp valuable From . S..C. aiiucanuuu , mus (04>amtng vbis, presses, Ac., of a melting establishment, fhe i machinery of a roalt-ho use or brow ery, the I steam- engine and other works of a factory ' J or mill should he rnlued in conjunction with J the tenement," — and was of opinion that I steaming vats or other machinery ought not j to be taxed in addition to the other build ings. Affcr a long discussion tbe origiual motion was oarried. Councillor Aunand then brought forward a motion, founded on the report of the Fi- | naucA Commitloe, that the sum of £!45 be the Balnry to the Tovvn-rate Collectors for the collecting of the rates, the valuation of the toim, arti all other duties. Upon this i nn amendment was moved hy. Councillor l Mo.ir, that the salary of the -rate collectofx I be £170 eich for tho valuation and collect- j lag the Town Rate, Ac., which was lost aj | was also a second amendment that (he pa- j lary of thse officials bp £160 AfW some discussion It was finally settled at £160. Some remarks were made about those very parlies ! who were so anxious to hoist up the salary j of tho Town Clerk doing everythiug In their nower to keep down the salaries oF these nsrd working individuals, and several ap- j pearod'to think tl>e remuneration inadequate' Co f fie Market. — Alderman Johnston brought up a report from the Cattle Market ! to the effect that hi future the dues be ca For every bead of neat cattle sold or exposed for sale 4d For every head of neat cattle yarded, per night For sheep or la tubs, sold or ex posed for sain, per seore.-, 1# For yarding sheop or lambs, per score 2d For the uso of the Branding Yards, per head 35 For yoking stoers in Branding Yards, per brad And he moved that the report be adopted which was seconded by Mr. Anuand, and carried, after which the electing adjourned. THE SETTLED DISTRICTS PUBLIC MEETING. — According to notice given in a public advertisement a meeting of those interested in the settled districts was hold at the Royal Hotel on Thursday, at twelve o'clock tbe attendance was not so numerous aa had bean anticipated from the importance of the subject. On the action of Mr. Jackson, the architect, seconded by Mr. Furlonge, of Woodstock, Mr. Thomas McCombie was called to the chair, and opeoed the meeting by reading the advertisement, and said ho was not personally interested, but had promised Mr. Shcrwin and eorcral friends who could uot be in town, to attend the meeting to-day. Ho supposed they must recollect tho former meeting that had been hold in that room for tlie purpose of petitioning against lho resold tic « of the 29th March last ; there had now appeared a second notification dated 21st November last, which, although it would be beoefiolal to many, would yet make tho whole ques tion more complicated ; and he was of opinion that tlipy ought to petition tbe Exocutivo to have the settling of the regu- ' latloni in the settle4 district# of Port Phillip postponed until they had Separation, when they might get something Gone In a sensible manner. Ho wnuld now read the , advertisement, and call upon the irenilemen present to propose such resolutions as they though fit, for he regretted that more of those interested had not attended. Mr. Furlonge said, he had just left his abed to attend this meeting, and waa sorry to see St so thinly attended, when many had all their living depending upon the result of this matter. He did expect to see il\em coming forward, and could jonly aoconnt for the apathy displayed by so short notice being given, as many of these parties did not fend for their newspapers but once a week, and perhaps when dub? shearing not for amnch longer period. fte thought the meet lag should l>« postponed for ten days, when ail interested, would attend. He thought the settlers ought to petition Against any regu lations coming Into operation until we got Separation and a responsible legislature, wlion we might have a chance to have some trouble taken with them, but we would hare nothing but dUsatifaction from the ghost of a council About six huudred mfles from head quarter. Tiie real effect of the new re gulations of 2lst November, was to turn the whole of the settled district into one vast oorcmon, And It h unfair to both classes who are Interested ; he wai'therefore of opinion, that the meeting should be adjourned, and moved that this meeting adjourn to the 19th instant, at one o'clock, and that all parties Interested be requested to aLtend. This motion wit seconded by J. P. Fawkner, Esq., of Pascoevale, and unaiimously agreed upon. Promiskb and PtxcBcsTs— On Tuesday morning one of tho last batoh of Pentonvil- iains, n strapping follow named Charles Fay, was brought before Messrs. Smith and Hutton having been arrested upon a war rant at the instance of " Tulip" iVrifcht for absoonding from the hirod serrioe of the latter. About a tnonth since the follow was brought before the lletich upon a similar chargo, when however a solemn promise on his part that lie would immediately return to his duly procured his acquittal, instead of doing so however the fellow very deliberately went and ran up a score of some five or six shillings at tho Market. square Hotel on Mr. Wright's ac count, and (hen bulled, and it was subse quently ascertained that he had entered in. to an ens'agemont at Hates' Ford. Tho fellow now wanted to play a similar trick to that which he had formerly practised with success, by promistug to return to Mr. Wright's service. "Once bit twice riiy," said the Bench, and evidently much to the astonishtnont of Mr. Fay, they sentenced him to two months imprisonment in gaol for bis misconduct. Barnurtsr. — Mr. Davis (formerly reporter tn this journal) has been appointed Chief uonsiauie at trustee largest district on tlio olhflrfiide. He was promoted it is said In con sequence of his Zealand efficiency while hold ing the same situation at Wellington, ihp Gorprnment being highly pleased with bis conduct there. Wot Won rns Fionr. — On SflRsBfeyQjVimrncd James Mb- '«v i tratha fdr a warrant -against ajnaohamod £$Mrd.&oofibey;, % ehrphev60 'n the faplQfljtot of Messrs. JaoV"' r b1 |fea u3(ft3ly assault, oodytted uPon biin /ev jJayi ainoe, fiwft tbVkcta of which he was atill ay Wrting— his human dtvif>e>frf«aeritf2 a frightful mass of Vruiseq, adi he wa'% oofrect representation flf utha-- a"LJretv;0n t|te fight," with all ils yjrfblng tPkoors thick upon him. From . statement it appeared that ins aasriOatft without any provocation first of all knocked him tiowo, and thou commenced 3&£tng him about the treasury of know- most unmercifully, and as Goodbrv t Jirrifr a iron-tipped roolal- a matter or astomahmput'thffi Jlalionpy wjik left alive 10 tell the tale. A warrant against lho accused was granted, andihocnso will probably be investigated on Monday next. A NswarArsR War, — Rather en amusing case will it is snticijwlpd be investigated at tho Poliuo Court this morning, arising from a squabble which occurred between two shipping reporters, M'Grath of the Herald, ana M'Canulish of the Argus, who both pro- eeeded on board the recently arrived vessel the Lady Ne'nnaway, to obtain a list of tlio | "pnssengors, copy of jnanifest, &o.;, together \ with any other intelligence, ' including tlio lafosf papers from tlio motfior country. Ths shipping reporter of lho Aryut avers that bo ' bad obtained a paper which was subsequently j feloniously abstracted from him by the shipping reporter of the Herald, and a sura- moris against Ibo latter has consequently is. suod. The wiser course to pursue would be I for both parties to " drop it," J Tn r.atf IT d in . na 1 a.1 . _ t .1 _ an.'"" lurcilll Oft Q mernbors of the Firr Brigade Committee was colled venterdajr at the Counting hou»o of Mr. 'Rrodio, and Mr. Ailtenlirsd tlie Secretary to the Cornnall In. euranco Company, in Launceston and Mr. Annund the Secretary of the Com mittee of tho Fire Brigade were present. The meeling «vn- called for the purpose of meeting Mr. Aiki-nlie.nl, und no business sras transacted oilier thr.n consulting with that gentleman, on the best means of carry- ing on the Brigade in ah efficient manner. Snox ur Snog, — Yesterday morning upon tho case of Peter Rurney, against John A. Mantnn, for non.payzuent of wages being called od, it was diseorered thst tho defendant was not in attendance, and the Constable to whom the serrioe of tho sum mons had been entrusted stsLed— that the doors and gates of the house were atudionslv kept abut, tbe party In charge refusing to admit any one, and finding it utterly hopeless to obtain admission, ho had by the direction of the Clerk of the Bench nailed the sum mons upon the pate. Some doubts were expressed as to this being a good serrioe and It was ulllmately determined that a fresh summons should be issued as there was a probability of thB defendant being visible ina day or two. The Libel Rsckct — Mr. William Kerr, will appear this morning befura Ills llnnni ikn U n ,1 n n » T..J \ ..... ..,w .iwaiuluk fciuugu, io eq8v cause why he should not bo commuted for Contempt of court ; the coufemjit imputed to him consisting in the publication in tho Melbovrtut Argus of certain obnoxious paragraphs wliirh it is al oged are oalculated to bring tha administration of justioe In this province Into contempt. An affidavit as we observed in our last has been made to tbe effect that at the time the obu-xlous Blatter was published, Mr. Kerr was the Editor of the Avoiu. Unusual pains have wo are informed been taken In the propsra- lion of tlie necessary documents for the prosecution of the dofendant, bo as not to afford hltn tho shadow ol a c.hsnce of escape through any technical irregularity. A full report of the proceedinga in the matter will- ipcarin our Monday's Issue. A Stbaxox Inooxsistescv We men tioned in a veoent number that Mr. M. Lazirus, aenior, of Elioabeth-slroet, had brcn severely bitten by a dog, belonging to a person named Sayerv.a shoemaker In , Elisabeth -street. Savors declinod paving any portion of tbe expenses to which "Mr. Laaorns had been rahjected far racdioal at tendance, and In conaequenoo of this refusal Mr. Lazarus on Monday lost applied to the sitting magistrates for a summons against too owner 01 toe aog. l be summons had been granted, when tome doubta arose In tho mind of Mr. Moor, .P , ns to his power so to do, and on reference to the Act it was clearly shown thst that doubt was well grounded, tlio Act merely making protlsion for attacks made by the oanioe species in ths publH st recti or public places or thorough fares, and as io tiie present ins'anoe the attack hid been made upon the private pre mises of an Inhabitant of Eliaabctli- street, the migistrmles clearly had no power to Issue a summons, and the one which had been already issued was consequently with drawn, Mr. Laaarus being informed that he muotsoak his remedy in the Court of Re quests. Tits Local. Fiaz and Mabihe Imurauce Cosatakv — There will be a strong contest for the office of Surveyor and Valuator to tho Local Firfe and Marine Insuroooe Com pany, a billet which it Is generally supposed will he worth about One hundred and fifty pounds a-year, Tbrie are already some eight or ten candidates in the field, "moat respectfully soliciting the vetea and Interests of the shareholders?' Amongst than we obseave, Mr. Russell, the Surveyor and Valu ator to the former Insurance Company esta- blished here, and from the very able and JS- tisfaotory moaner In which be performed jhe duties ofthatqffioe, it li generally pre- vumed ha wlll obtain a preference, 