MY FIRST FOLLY. " L 'imagination grossit souvent -les pins petits obji-ts par uue estimation fantasiique jusqu's remplir uotre ame.'— Pbnsees de Pascal. " I have spent all my golden time. In writing many a loving rime; I have consumed all my youth lu vowing of my faith and truetb; O willow, willow, willow tree. Yet can I not beleeved bee." Old Ballad. Do you take trifle ?' said Lady Olivia to my poor friend Halloran. 1 No, Ma'am, I am roading philosophy,' said Hal loran ; waking from a tit of abstraction, with about as much consciousness and perception as exists in a petrified oyster, or an alderman dying of a suifeit — Halloran is a fool. A trifle is the one good thing, the sole and sur passing enjoyment. He ODly is happy who can fix his thoughts, and his hopes, and-his feelings, and h.-s affections, upon those fickle and fading p'easures, which are tenderly cherished and easily forgotten alike acute in (heir excitement and brief in their re gie', Trifles constitute my summum bonura. Sages may crush them with the heavy train of argument and syllogism ; schoolboys may assail them with the light artillery of essay and of theme ; members of Parliament may loath, doctors of divinity may contemn; — bag wigs, and big wigs, blue devils and blue stockings, sophistry and sermons, reasonings and wrinkles, Solon Thales, Newton's Principia, Mr Walker's Etdouranion, the King's Bench, the bench of bishops— all these are serious antagonists; very serious ?-— but I care not ; I defy them, I dote upon trifles, and my name is Vyvyan Joyeuse, and my motto is, 4 Vive la Bagatelle/ There are many persons who while they have a to lerable taste for the frivolous, yet ptofess remorse aud penitence for their indulgence ol it; and conti nually court and embrace new day dreams, while they shrink from the retrospect of those which have already faded- Peace be to their everlasting laments and their ever broken resolutions. Your true trifler, meaning your humble servant, is a being of a very different order. The luxury which I reuew in the recollection of the past, is equal to that which I feel in the enjoyment of the present, or create in the anti cipation of the future. I love to count and recount every treasure I have flung away, every bubble I have flung away, I love to dream again the dreams of my boyhood, aud to seethe visions of departed plea sures, flitting like Ossidn's ghosts around me, with stars dim twinkling through their forms. t I look with delight upon a youth which hBs been idled away to tostes which have been perverted, to talents which have been misemployed, and while in imagination I wandered back through the haunts of my old idlesse, for all the learning of a Greek professor, for all the morality of £ir John Sewel, 1 would not lose one sin gle point of that which has been ridiculous and grotes que, nor one single tint of that which has been beau tiful and beloved. Moralists and misanthropists, maidens with star ched morals, and matrons with starched frills, ancient adorers of bohta and scandal; venerable vota ies of whispering and of whist, learned professors of the compassionate s -eer, and :h< innocent inuendo, eter nal piiiais of gravity and good order, of stupidity and decorum, come not near me with your spare'and spec tacled features, your candid and considerate criticism Inyou I have no hope, in me you have no interest. I am to speak of stories you will not believe, of be ings you cannot love ; of foibles for which you have no compassion, of feelings in which you have no share. Fortunate and unfortunate couples, belles in silks and beaux in sentimentals, ye who have wept for and sighed, victims of vapours and coiners of vows, roa- k»rs and marrers of intrigue, readers and writeis ol songs, come with your attention and salts, your sym pathy and your cambric ; your grief, your raptures, vour anxieties, all-have been mine; I know you blushing and jour paleness, your self-deceiving ano your self (ormeuting, 44 so com'e inconstanta e vaga Timidi, arditi viti degii amanti, Ch'un poc dolse moltaamaro appnggia E so i sostumi, e i lor sospiri, e i canti E'l parlar roti, e'l subito silenziu, E'l brevisstruo riso,e i lunglii pianti; E qual e'l mcl temprato con l'assenzio-" All these things are so beautiful in Italian ! but I need not have borrowed a syllable from Petrarch, for shapes of shadowy beauty, smiles of cherished lovelinesij glances of reviving lustre, are coming in the mists of memory around me; I am writing," an ower true tale.' I never fell seriously in love till I was seventeen. Long before that period I had learned ro talk non sense and tell lies, end had established the impor tant points that a delicate figure is equivalent to a thousand pounds, a pretty mouth better tiian the Bank of Ireland, aud a pair of bright eyes worth all Mexico. But at seventeen a more intricate branch of study awaited me. I was lounging away my June at a pretty village in Kent, with little occupation beyond my own me- ditions, and no company but my horse and my dogs My sisters were both in the south of France ; and my uncle, at whose seat I had pitched my camp, was attending to the interests of his constituents and the wuhes of his patron in Parliament. I be gan after the lapse of a week to be immensely bo red ; I lelt a considerable dislike of an agricultural life, and an incipient inclination for laudanum. 1 took to playing backgammon with the rector. He was more than a match for me, and used to grow clergical hot when the dice, as was their duty, be friended the weaker side, At la9t, at the conclusion of a very long hit, which had kept Mrs. Penn's tea waiting full an hour, ray worthy and wigged friend flung deuce-ace three times in succession, put the board in the fire overturned Mrs. Penn's beat ch;na, and hurried, to his study to compose a sermon on pa tience. Then be took up reading- My uncle had a de lightful library tviiere a reasonable man might have lived and died. But to sit down to a novel or a philosopher, with no companion to participate iu the enjoyment, and no object to reward the toil, this indeed .oh I I never could endure a long hour of lonely reading ; and so I deserted Sir Roger's li- brarv, and left his Marmontel and his Aristotle to the slumbers from which 1 had unthinkingly awa kened them. At last I was roused from a state of most Persian torpor by a note from ail old lady, whose hall, for so indifferent a country house, was by courtesy de nominated, stood at the distance ol a few'miles. She; was about to give a ball. Such a thing had out been heard or seen for ten years within ten miles of us. From the sensation produced by the intimation you might have deemed the world at an end. Prayers and entreaties were offered up to all the guardians: and all the miliners, and the old gentleman rose in a passion, and the oid lace rose in price. Eery thing was everywhere in a flurry ; kitchen ami par lour, and boidoir, and garret — Babel all! Acker- man's Fashionable, the Ladies' Magazine, the New Pocket book, all these, ail other publications whose frontispiece presented the fashions for 18.7,' per sonified in a thin lady with kid gloves, and a formi dahl'e obliquity of vision, were in immediate and ear nest requisition. Needles and pins were in imioedij. ate requisition. Dinners were ill dressed that dan cers might be well dressed; mutton was marred, that misses might be married. There was not a school boy wha did not readHoiner and fun>nora boarding school beauty who did not try on a score of dancing shoes, and talk for a fortnight of Angiolini. Every occupation was laid down, every carpet was taken up ; every combination of hands a-cr. ss, and down the middle was committed most laudibly to memory and nothing was talked of, nothing was meditated nothing was dreamed but love aud romance, fiddles and flirtations, warm negus and handsome partners dyed feathers and chalked floors. In all the aride and condescension of an inmate of Giosvenor Square, i looked at Lady M 'tley's At Home,' ' Yes,' I said with a tragedy touch of my fingers, — ' yes ; I will be there- For one even- ing 1 will encounter the tedium and the taste of a village ball. For one evening I will doom myself to figures tbat are out of date, and fiddles that a're out of tune, dowagers who make embroidery by whole sale, and demoisselles who make conquests by pro fession ; for one evening I will endure the enquirtes about Almacks and St. Paul's, the tales of the wed ding# that have been and the weddings that are to be the round of courtesays in the ball room, and the of beef at the supper table, for oue evening I will not complain of the evejlasting hostess and the everlasting Boulanger, of the double duty and tbe double bass of the great heiress and the great |/1UU1 uuutlig J ' Come one, come all, Come dance in Sir Roger's great Hall." And thus by dint of civility, indolence quotation and atitbesis, I bent up every corporal agent to the terrible feat, nnd c woula have the honor ol waiting upon her ladyship,'— in due form. I went; turned my uncle's one horse chaise into the long old avenue about an hour alter the lima specified, and perceived by the lights flashing from the the windows, and the orash of chairs and carii ages returning froui the door, that tiie rooia was most punctually full, and the performers most pas- toriblly impatient. The first lace 1 encountered on my entrance was that of my old triend Viilars; I was delighted to meet him, and expressed my as tonishment at finding him in a situation for which his inclination, one would have supposed was so lit tle adapted. 'By Mercury,' he exclaimed, ' I am metamorpho sed, mj good Vyvjaii; 1 have been detained here three months by a fall from Sir Peter, and have amused mysall m st iudefatigablj byhumming tunes and reading newspapers, winding silk, and guessing conundrums. I have made myself the admiration, the adoration, the very worsnip of all the coteries in the place ; am reckoned very clever at cross purpo ses, and very apt at 'what's my thought like?' The squires have discovered I cau carve, and the matrons hold me indispeusible at loo. Come ! I am of little service to nigbt, but my popularity may be of use to you ; you don't know a soul ! — thought so read it in your face the moment you came in,— never saw such a— there. Vyvyan, look there! I wiil in troduce you.' And so spying my companion half limped, half danced with me up to Miss Amelia Mesnil, and pre sented ine in due form. When I look to any particular scene of -my exis tence, I can never keep the stage clear of second-rate characters. I never think of Mr. Kean's Othello without an obtrusive reflection upon Hie subject of Mr Campbells Cassio ; I never call to mind a gorge ous scattering forth of roses from Mr. Canning, with out a painful idea of some cotemporary effusion of poppies from Mr. Hume. And thus beautiful Mar- gerei, it is iu vain that I endeavour to separate your faci nation from the group that surrounded you. Per haps that dominion which 1 at tnis moment feel al most revived, recurs more vivedlj to my imagination when the forms and futures of ail by whom it was contested are associated iu its renewal. First tomes Amelia the magnificent, the acknow ledged belie of the country, very stiff and very dumb in her unheeded and uncontested superiority ; aixl- next, the most bJaekbrowed of fox hunters, Augusta, enumerating the names of her father's stud, and dancing as if she imitated them; and then, the most accomplished Jane, vowing that fur the last month she bad endured immense ennui, that siie thinks Lady Olivia prodigiously fade, that her cousin To- pby is quite brilliante to night, and that Mr Peters plays the violin a merveille. ' I am bored, my dear Yiltars— positively bored ! tbe light is bad and the music abominable : there is no spiing in the boards and less in the conversation it is a lovely moonlight night' aud there is nothing worth looking at m the room.' I shook h .nds with my friend, bowed to three oi four peop e, and was moving off. As I passed tbe door I met t o ladies in conversation. ' Don't you dance any more, Margaret ?'said one. ' Oh no,' re plied tne other 4 1 am bored my dear Louisa — posi" tively bored, the light is bad and the music abotui nable; there is no spring in the boards and less in the con e sat o < it is a lovely moonlight night, and there is nothing worth looking at in the room.' I never was distanced in a jest. 1 put on the look of a ten years acquaintun o and commence J par ley. ' Surely you are n >t going away yet ; you have not danced with me Mar, a et ; it is lmposibm you can be eo cruel!' The lauy behaved wi.n wonderful intrepidity. 4 She would aliow me (he honour — but I was very late; — really I had not deserved it,'— and so we stood up together. 4 Are you not very impertinent >' 'Very; but you are very handsome. Nay: you are not to b« angry ; it was a fair challenge, aud tair ly received.' " And you will not even ask my pardon!' 4 No! it is out of my way ! T never do those things it woald embarrass me beyond mjasure. Pray let us accomplish an. introduction ; not altogether an unusual one ; but that matters little. Vvvyau Joy euse — rather impertinent, and very fortunate — at your service.' 4 Margaret Urleans,— .very handsome, rather fool ish,— at your service ! Marga et danced like an angel. I know she would I could not conceive by what blindness I had passed four hours . ithoul being struck. VY« talked of ail things that are, and a tew beside. !5he was some thing of a botanist, so we began wih flowers; a di gression upon China roses carried us to China — the Mandarins with little brains, and the ladies with lit:le feet — the Emperor— the Orphan of China- Voltaire - Zay re— criticism — Dr. Johnson — the great bear — the system of Copernicus— gardens— and so as the dancing concluded, we contrived to end as we began, with Margaiet Orleans and botany. Margaret taked well on all subjects and wittingly on many. 1 had expected to find nothing but a romping girl, somewhat amusing, but very vain- But 1 was out of my'latiiude in the first five minutes and out of my senses in the next. She left the mom very early; #nd I drove home, more astonished than I had been for many years- Several weeks passed awav, and I was about to leave England to join my sister; on the continent, I determined to look oiice more oh that enslaving smite, whose recollection had haunted me more than once. I had ascertained that she resided with an old lady who took two pupils, and taught French and Italian, and music and manners, 4 at an establish ment called Vine House. Two days before I left the country, 1 had been till a late hour shooting at a ma k with a duelling pistol, an entertainment of which, perhaps from a lurking presentiment I was very fond I was returning alone when 1 perceived i>y the light of an snormous lamp, a board by the wayside bearing the welcome insciiption, 44 Vine House.' 'Enough' I exclaimed, 'one more scene oe. fore the curtain drops, — Ro-neo and Julitt by moon light/' -I roamed ai out the dwelling pltce of all I held dear, ttlt 1 saw a figure in one ol the windows- til the back of the house, which was quite impossible to doubt. I leaned against a tree in a sentimental position, and began to cbanl my owu rhymes thus: 4 Pretty coquette, the ceaseless play Of thine unstudied wit, A nd thy dark eye's remembered ray By buoyant fncy lit, And thy y'ourig lorehead's ciear expanse Where the lock's slept as through the dance, Dreamlike, I saw thee flit, Are far too warin, and far too fair To mix 'with aught ol earthly care, B t the vision shall come when the day is done, A frail, and a fair, and a fleeting one. And if the many boldly gaze On that bright brow of tbine. And if thine eye's undying' rays On countless coxcumbs shine, And if thy wit flings out its mirth, Which echoes more of air, than earth, For other ears than mine. I heed not this, ye are tickle things, And I like j- ur very wanderings; I gaztf, and if thousaud share the bless, Preity capricious I heed not this In sooth 1 am a wayward youth, As fickle as the sea, And very apt to speak the truth, Unpleasing though it be. I ato no lover, yet as long, 'As I h'ave heart for jest or soog, An image, sweet, of thee Locked in my heart's remotest treasures, Shall ever be one of its hoarded pleasures# This from the scoffor thou hast won. And more eh'an this be gives to none." .... I 44 Are they your own verses?' said my idol at tlie window. i They are yours, Margaret ! ' I was only tJie ver sifier; you were the muse |y"oui'si II,'' 4 This "muse herself is obliged to you, Aud now what is your errand ! for it grows late, and you miis, be sensible-no that you never will be— but you must be aware, tbat this is very indecorous.' 44 1 am come to see you, dear Margaret; — which I cannot without any candles ; —to see you and to tell vou that it is impossible I can forget ' 4 Bless me! what a memory you have. But you must take another opportunity for your tale 1 lor — ' 4 Alas ! I leave Engiaud immediately '.' I 4 A "pleaasant voyage to you ! there not a word! more ; I must run down to coffee ' 4 Now may 1 never laugh more.' I said, 4 if T be i baffled thus;' so I strolled back to the front of the ho ust: "and proceeded to reconnoitre. (To be continued in our next.) 