THE SYDNEY CHRONICLE. SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1848. MAGNA EST VERITAS ET PREVALEBIT. THE ANGLICAN ESTABLISHMENT. ALTHOUGH we have said much with respect to the addresses which have been presented to the Right Rev. Dr. Broughton, relative to the secession of Messrs. Sconce and Makinson, and his Lordship's replies thereto, the subject is not at all exhausted. We do not intend to weary our readers with many further remarks relative to this matter; but there are one or two points which we have hitherto touched but slightly, on which we shall now offer a few observa- tions. In both the addresses which have been presented to his Lordship, great stress appears to be laid upon the fact of the Church of England being "a true, living, and independent branch of Christ's Holy Catholic Church." We have already asked, if the Church of England is a branch, where is the stem? If she be a " true" and "living" branch, as these addresses say she is, we imagine the trunk from which she sprung must be true and living also! We cannot for a moment imagine that the trunk or stem can be thoroughly rotten and corrupt, and at the same time that the branches can remain living, flourishing, and sound. Such a supposition appears to us absurd upon the face of it, but the ab- surdity is increased by the assurance that this branch is "independent!" Independent of what? of the stem upon which it grew? If so how can it be living? It is either not a branch, or it is not independent! If not a branch is it the original stock? If not independent upon what does it depend? These are all very serious considerations, and demand the most earnest attention. The Church of England claims to be considered a "true and living branch of Christ's Holy Catholic Church," on the ground that her bishops and priests are the true and lawful successors of the Apostles; but this claim on her part, a claim which is "recognised" by the clergymen in their address to Dr. Broughton, only increases the difficulty. We have already shewn that it is a claim that is not acceded to by any other Church, but even if it were that would place her in no better position; while the claim itself, taken in connection with the assertion that she is an "independent" branch, only fixes her in a dilemma from which she has no escape. In fact, she herself, in her anxiety to con- demn the Holy Catholic Church, entirely cuts off her own claim to Apostolic succes- sion, and hence we find many of her minis- ters, who have at least the merit of consis- tency, ridicule the idea that apostolic suc- cession is at all necessary to constitute a Christian church. But Apostolic succes- sion is essential to a Christian church; and this every man would readily admit, if he would only use the same degree of common sense and right reason in matters of reli- gion that he does in his ordinary worldly business. When our Saviour said to Peter, "on this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it;" when on another occasion he said "heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away;" when he said, "go ye into the whole world, and preach the gospel to every creature," and "behold, I am with you all days, even to the consum- mation of the world," it is clear that he es- tablished a church and a faith which was to continue to the end of time, and until all mankind had received it. It is equally clear also that no congregation or assembly of men calling themselves "a Church," can be so unless they can trace up from the pre- sent time to the time of Christ, a regular and uninterrupted succession both in their ministry, their government, and their doc- trine. This the Church of England claims to do, but let us examine her claim a little. She claims for her bishops and priests an uninterrupted succession from the Apostles, and yet with the strangest inconsistency imaginable she asserts that for a long period prior to her establishment Christ had no Church on earth! She makes it an article of her religion, and binds every one of her ministers to swear to it. "Laity and clergy," says she in her homilies, "all sects and de- grees, were drowned in abominable idolatry, most detested of God, and damnable to man, for the space of eight hundred years."* Now, if during that long period of time the whole world was sunk in idolatry, not only was the apostolic succession lost, since it is clear that the true ministers of Christ could not teach false doctrine, nor could false teachers preach the truth, but the mission of Christ itself had failed; for the object for which he left his throne in hea- ven, and humbled himself till he became as a worm and no man, was to abolish the reign of idolatry, and to bring man to a knowledge of the true God. See to what a fearful alternative the Church of England is reduced. She must, if she is consistent, acknowledge that the Catholic Church, the church of all nations, the church in communion with the see of Rome, is and always was the true Church of Christ; or else that Christ failed in his promises, and consequently we are still in the midst of doubt. In either point of view the Church of England cannot be regarded as a true and living branch of Christ's Church; for if the Church of Rome be the true Church of Christ, the Church of England cannot be so too; and if the Church of Rome be a false and idolatrous Church, and was so for eight hundred years previous to the ex- istence of the Church of England, it is equally clear that this latter church could not receive from the former "a duly called and lawful ministry," inasmuch as there was not then nor had there been for eight hun- dred years a "lawful ministry" existing. Oh! but, say the admirers of the Anglican church, at the time of the Reformation, the English Reformers restored the church to that state of pristine holiness in which she was previous to the innovations and cor- ruptions of Rome, and having sought out and recovered the true faith, they estab- lished it in the church, and gave to her a "lawful ministry" teaching the sure doc- trines of Christ. Did they?--Somewhat strange that such men as Henry VIII., Cranmer, Cromwell, and others of the same stamp, should be so successful as to discover the true faith which was and had been for eight hundred years hidden from every body else. We hope we shall have an opportunity ere long of shewing how they made this notable discovery, what means they employed, what agents they set to work, what acts of parliament they passed to assist them, what robberies and murders they committed; and above all, what re- ward they obtained. We hope to have the opportunity of shewing the manner in which they performed their work, the form of faith which they propounded one day, declaring it to be dictated by the Holy Ghost, and the manner in which they rejected it the next, to substitute in its place another and a different form which they still had the effrontery to ascribe to the dictation and influence of the same divine spirit of truth. We say we hope to have an opportunity of shewing these things, and we shall not fail to seize it; and in doing so, we shall take care that the authorities upon which our facts and our arguments are based shall be such as even Dr. Broughton and his clergy cannot object to. 