GREAT TWOPENNY MEETING AT ST PAUL'S. The alght before last a ver j important meeting was held of the shades of the illustrious men buried in the Cathedral, and also of those whose ashes otherwise bestowed, have nevertheless monuments erected to their memory in the sacred ed <&c;«. Your reporter j having strobed into the Cathedral to refresh bis ar* chttectural taste, for which he duly paid twopence at the door, was, whilst indulging in a profound sleep caused by circumstances too minute to be enumerated -'ooke-l in. He awoke as the bell tolled twelve. Immediately he perceived that all the monuments were in motion. Doctor Donne walked out of his urn, and gracefully folding his winding sheet about him, stepped with great dignity. Lord Duncan sheathed his ewoid, and adjusted the boat cloak. Sir Ralph Abercrombie rose from the arms of the High land soldier who has for so many years supported him ; and Nelson stepped from the pedestal. Britan nia herself giving him her hand as he descended. Sir Christopher Wren came from the cry pf, majestic sod venerable in bis looks of 91. In a word, all the worthies of St. Paul's were in motion, and it was plain that there was some important business in band. The church was beautiful!» lighted as by a July sun ; and the organ pealed forth a magnificent voluntary. As it ceased, I beard a heavy tread, and on looking round, saw Dr. Johnson holding ap his robes, cer. tainly not wi<h the grace of his friend Garrick, and shaking bis head and scroll, and gesticulating very oddly. All the other shades bowed to him ; and then there was a general bush. Sir Christopher Wren was unanimously called on to preside. Who, indeed, so fitting ! Sir Christopher opened the proceedings. Brother Shades we have, by one gen-ral impulse, beeo moved to thia gathering. For roany years have our spirits been tormented by the rattling of halfpence, and the ringing of sixpences and shilling* taken and changed at the cathedral door, that we may be shown as they show the lions in the tower, or the dromedary and monkey and dancing bears in the street. By my troth, worthy friends, when I built this cathedral, f deemed it was to be dedicated lo a purpose of holiness, and not for tho lucre of money-changers (" hear,*' from Dr. Johnson). When 1 look about me, an I see the awful representatives of philosophy, and heroes, I do feel that their moral dignity is in sulted and made a bye word, when, like the beasts at Bartlemy Fair, they are shown for shillings. Our object, I believe, is to remonstrate with the Dean and Chapter, who, if their hearts are not to be turned from halfpence by our prayers, must be further dealt with as to us shall seem fit and meet. Dr. Johnson proposed the first resolution. The great architect-the father, he might Say, of that tre mendous edifice, that, in the words of a great and good man, though he was sorry to say that he was a Dissenter, that tremendous edifice that would ' strike awe into a bacchanal'-Sir Christopher had well delineated the humiliation to which they were spiritually subjected by the pecuniary gulosity of the ecclesiastical authorities. Let them, however, be in. corporate and unanimous, and the degrading two« pence must pass away with other mortuary and sub lunary abuser They must now do something ; they must n »t, as he had observed on another occasion react the old fable, showing to the expectant world that paturient mouotains, with ali their heaving, only produced muscipular abortions. I Lord Nelson said the whole Dean and Chaptei wanted a thorough overhauling. A good many ol them were, in his opinion, a set of lubbers that (Cries ef * order, order!' from Dootors Donne and Johnson)-Well, for bis part, be bad DO wish to offend the parsons; but he did not think that father Church ought to higgle sod haggle with halfpence Í for all the world like bum-boat women selling soft tommy. Besides, if money was to be taken--ii they were all to be made a show of-like Mrs. Salmon's wax box that be remembered when a boy-why not have the thing done plain and above-board ! Wfay did'nt the Dean and Chapter always have a signal flying with 'St. Paul's expects every man to pay his twopence ?' Io conclusion, the gallant Earl observed (with a slight oath) that fae was ready to do aoytbing to overhaul the parsons. General Wolfe said he had a great respect for tba Church, aud ad Church associations. It might not be generally known, but the night before he received his death-wound, he bad read and got by heart the very beautiful elegy of Mr Gray. Therefore, in the most respectful--nay, in the most affectionate spirit, he would co-operate with the gallant admiral in his own fine, tarpauÜne phrase, to overhaul the parsons. Admiral Lord Collingwood observed that, to speak the truth, be did not tbink sailors and soldiers bad any business at all in the cathedrals (hear, hear, from tbe two services). Fighting bad been their trade ; and they bad done their best. Nevertheless, he did not think that the true odour of Christianity was to be in gunpowder; or that the army of martyrs meant soldiers with guns and bayonets, and forty-two pounJers. The church militant waa not, io bis opinion, a church with ball cartridge. However, as ! they bad been placed there, he felt iq common with i his friends the indignity put upon them by tte two« peace, and would heartily co-operate for the aboli' tion. Here the meeting became very noisy. Mr. Jobo Opie, R.A., began to speak, when he was interrupted by Fusel i, who stan ped and foamed at the mouth, and ma l* very free with * the parsons/ He observed, it bad been sud of him that " bis do" main was air and hell ; the clouds and ibe grave. It was he who made real and visible the v*gue and un substantial phantoms which haunt, like dim dreams, the oppressed i<nagiuatiaa." If this were true-and be for one, could not deny it-" he would advise the parsons to look out for themselves. He would not ba shewn like a dancing bear ; he would not''-(and then be swore). Hereupon Doctor Johnson moved that the meeting should dissolve; and, after certain formalities, tbs meeting was dissolved accordingly. It being, under' stood that the Dean and Chapter should bs firm!« and respectfully remonstrated with, that they might ; discontinue the twopence ; and that, in the eveat of their contumacious denial, the Ghosts of the Statue: I should take it in turn to make midnight calls on eaoii j «nd every one of tbe reverend body. I This determination seemed to give great pleasure to the naval ghosts ; aad Lord Net «on. sheathing hu sword, again mounted lo his pedasta', muttering something about " overhauling the pirsons."-From Punch's gwn Corresjfàalent, who waa locked in. 