A Gem dine Yankee Ghost. 1 Have noticed in our thrifty, money-loving community, that there is a very common notion that- the disposal oi au estate contrary to the known wishes of the testator is the most potent spell of ell others for raising a Yankee ghost. Among the many anecdotes which corroborate this opinion, I must content myself with citing one, the scene of which happens to be au adjoining town. Some yean ago, an elderly woman, familiarly known as "Aunt Morse," died, leaving a handsome little property. No will was found, although it was understood before her decease that such a document was in the hands of Squire S., one of her neigh, hours. One cold winrer evening, some weeks after her departure. Squire S., sat in his parlour, looking over his papers, when, hearing some one cough in a familiar way, be iooked up, and saw before him a little crooked old woman, in an oiunut colouted woollen frock, blue and white tow and linen t pron, and striped blanket, leaning ber sharp pinched face on one hand, while the other supported a short black tobacco-pipe, at which she was puffing in the most vehement and spiteful manner conceivable. The squire was a man of some nerve; but his first thought was to at tempt an escape, from which he was deterred only by the consideration that any effort to that effect would necessarily bring him nearer to his unwelcome visitor. " Aunt Morse," he said at length, " for the Lord's sake, get right back to the burying-ground 1 What on earth are you here for?" The apparition took ber pipe deliberately from her mouth, and informed him that she came to see justice done with ber will; and that nobody need think of cheating her, dead or alive. Concluding her remark with a shrill emphasis, she replaced her pipe, and puffed away with renewed vigour. T',e squire had reasons lor retaining the document at issue, which he had supposed conclusive, but he had not reckoned upon the inter! erence of the testator iu the matter. Aunt Morse, when living, he had always regarded bb a very shrew of a woman, and he now began to suspect that her recent change of condition had improved her, like Sheridan's ghost, " the wrong way." He saw nothing better to be done un der the circumstances, than to promise to see the matter set right that very evening. The ghost nodded her head ap provingly, and, knocking the ashes out of her pipe against the chimney, proceeded to fill it anew with a handful of tobacco from her side pocket. " And uow squire," she said, " if you'll just light my pipe for me, I'll be going." The squire was, as has been intimated, no coward; he had been out during the war in a Merrimack privateer, and had seen sharp work off the Fayal, but, as he said afterwards, "it was no touch to lightning Aunt Morfee's pipe." No slave of a pipe-bearer ever handed the chibouque to the Grand Turk with more care and reverence, than the squire manifested on this occasion. Aunt Morse drew two or three long preliminary whiffs, to see that all was right, pulled ber blanket over ber head, and slowly hobbled out at the door. The squire being true to his promise, was never again disturbed. It is light in conclusion to say that there were strong suspicions at the time, that the ghost was iu reality oi flrsh and blood,—in short, one of the living heirs or Aunt moree, and not the old lady herself. -Supernatural' ism in New England. A man well up in years, who has been residing at Markinch, for a considerable time back, and who has for the space of four years been entirely blind, was agreeably surprised the other morning to experience something like a regaining ot sight. At first he seemed to half- doubt the re ality until the growing restoration of his sight convinced him. Nothing could exceed his joy when he found his eye sight fully regained, and with high heart he praised the wonder-working Power. The other day he speedily marched to the railway station here, and regaled himself with a view ot the Edinburgh and Northern Railway trains. much to his pleasure. -Fife Journal, Edited, Printed, and Published by the proprietor, John Stephens, every Saturday morning, at the AdelaidtObaerver and General Printing-office,Hindley- street, Adelaide, South Australia, to whom all letters, advertisements) and commu nications (post-paid) must he addressed. 