ADDRESS TO THE PROTEST ANtS OF THE EMPIRE. BY THE COMMITTEE OF THE NATIONAL CLUB. 1\. The committee having been requested to state the grounds on which they have atMrmed that their sovereign and her Protestant subjects are declared to be excommunicated and tccursed by the Irish Roman Catholic Priesthood, reply, that that state ment is founded on the fact, that thev are so de- nounced by the C'cena Domini : which was first published by Pope Martin V., about A.L>. 1420, and was republished with additions by seven dil ferent Popes, at different periods up lo the year 1741 when it was republished by Pope Benedict XIV, siuce which time no additions have been made to it. In one of the books of moral Theology, used with the sanction o.f the Roman Catholic seminary, this Bull is introduced in tliese words: ' The Butt Ccena 4<>mino, so called because it is annually solemnly pubhshed at Rome ou tbe day CoB ia Domini— which was said to have been published tinder Martin V, about the year L420 and was added to under Leo X. Paul III., &i;\" — Peter Dens, vol ,vi. page 29S- Of the bxistence ot this Buil at the present day, there can be no reasonable doubt, It has b,een admitted on oath by Irish Roman Catholic prelates— by Dr. Doyle, be'ore a Committee of the House of Lords, April 21, i82q— by Dr. M'Hale before the Irish Edu cation Commission, N"»v, 1, 1826. That it conti- uues to be annually delivered out, was admitted by Lord Beaumont (a Roman Catholic peeij in tfie House ot Lords so recently as the 8th ot the present month. The bui! itself is in print, and will be pur chasable at Messrs- Hatchard and Sons, booksellers, Piccadilly, by the beginning ot the new year. The only business then are, Isthebqli now in force ? or.ls|it a mere form, (us Lord Brepjesent-yio which nuj . Romanist would attach llie slightest weight or effisacy ? Is it as his lordship says, a mere denunciation oif. certain errors, and eujoining all Ro man Catholics to pray for the conversion from them of the country and tbe sovereign ? Ought this ex planatiou to be deemed satisfactory, as tbe Roman Catholic Earl of Arundel and Surrev affirmed that it ought. onthe9lb instant, in the House of Com- mons; And is it true, as Dr. Doyie swore, that it is not in torce in Ireland ; or, as Dr. M Haie swore , that they bad nothing to do with ks contents ? I To these questions we'reply, I. That the Bull is a denunciation not of'errors b.u4 of persons, and that the first section ' excom municates and eursesoD the part of God Almighty, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" (annm/st others, such as 4 Lutherans, Catvimsis, Trinitarians,) 4 all and singular other heretics, undet whatever name they may bclassed, or ot whatever seel they . piny be.' This ot necessity includes the sovereign of tuese realms, who by law. must be a Protestant, and the specific teaching at .Maynooth is, that heretical princes are excommunicated in the public cases- contained in the Bui) 'Ccena Domini,' and cannot be absolved by the 'Mi:j<>s Pcp.aiteniiarius (or highest authority next, under the Pope for granting absolu tion, a Cardtnalal Route), but are reserved to the Pope hi'Dseil.' See Peter Dens vol. viii. page 82- Further we affirm, that the bull is one coutinued se ries of cursing trom beginning to cud, without one single iiijunctmu on Roman Catholics to pray in uuy form whatever, fur any bentfii,rcal or imaginary, on behalf of any human bving, This is the purport ot the bull. The countenance which such a bull gives to the intolerant haired of the priests, against all who differ from them in religion, it is needless to point <>ut. But it is important to observe that this mis chief is so strongly felt in other countries, that, the publication o! tins bull is prohibited iu France, and we beiieve in some of the other great Roman Ca tholic monarchies. 2 That this bull is now in force throughout Ire land is proved by its being formally published there as an authoritative Jaw ol the Papacy, and by its be ing contained m that digest of the laws now m force and binding upon ail Roman Catholic Priesis, whiqh is given iu tbe last volume oi Dens Theology, which is now not only in use in the Romish seminaries, but is one of the conference books in which tue priests of the Province of Leinster are expected to be pro ficients. These two facts are proved by the book .it- sell ; by the public advertisement to that effect, of a reprint of three thousand copies in the year 1832, by order of the Roman Catboitc prelates of Ireland, and specifically by Dr, Murray, and by the secret diocesan statutes ot Dr. Murray, who calls himself Archbishop ol Dublin. Copies of these statutes are now deposited in thp University libraries of Oxford, Cambridge and Dublin. Other colatierai proofs migdt be cited, us strong as tue ones here bruugnt forward ; nut we thniK these are somcient to es tablish, that this buil is no w at this present time, one of the most powerlui laws which the Roman Catholic hierarchy put in practical force? and eon. sequently, that it is one of their most efficient in. siiumcnts for instilling the principles of hatred against heretics into the minds of the priests through wnuse teaching these principles pass into the popular mind. We advise those who are not satisfied, to pur sue tne investigation further J I. The. committee have also been requested to furnish 'instances where the denunciations by Ro man Catholic priests from the altar have resulted in ihe murder ol the individual denounced. In reply, they reier their readers to the debate in the House of Lords, on the 6tlt and i7(.h instant, and. to Archbishop M'Hale's letter in reply to Lot d Arundel and Siiriey in the 'Times' Dec 23, 1847. . From that debate it would appear th<t, in thosa cases in which murderous consequences have followed a priestly denunciat on, the existing law may be suf- ficieut to punish the guiity party. B«t this is not sufficient to justify the government in shrinking from the du ty, ot legislation. The committee contend thai the practice -is ;in itself sinful, and . immoral, and wholly inconsistent with the duties of a Briush sub ject. They maintain, theiefore, that it ought to he made severely punishable by Uw, q-iite irrespective oi its consequences ; for the law is in an anomalous condition when, for precisely s'tnilar acts, one man m ty escape scoi tiee, whilst another may be hanged, accord in ? to the consequences which may chance to follow the perpetration of them. Fu ther, th-y contend that the protection, from he Ci-fdifti, 6 the poor Irish" peasant against the priestly curse, is of much more imp itam e to the future peimaiieut wei are ol io-land, iliau the present protection oi the iaq<) lord, for whose prescrva ion th indignant sympathies of the country are sure, before loug, to find adequate me- nr. Let then ihe presen crisis pass, during which atrocious crimes have ar- rousd gen Tal tndignaii m, and the opportunity may perhaps be for eirer lost, lor crushing altogether a htiiious' practice and coiretring a lasting -boon 'ou' the Irish Roman Catholic. peasant. Be not put ei fe .by prises bestowed In parli t meuton the Roman priesthood. Dsubiless there are many ainongs: them, who may merit praise. . We attack uoi tndividu -Is, but a system, whefiu a practice exists whicn the Roman Caihoiie government o> Fiance forbids, and which would subject, to punish ment any Protestant clergyman who -"should venture to be guilty of it. Besiege, then, the legislature with your petitions. If uecessary, address the throne. Only let the honest goo'l sense of the country express itself strongly, and without delay, and the government '.Till be compelled to take onVstep, af least, in' the right direction, towards promoting the regeneneration ol Ireland. 