REASONS FOR SUBMITTING TO THE CATHOLIC CHURCIH , Br A LATE ANGLICAN CLERGYMAN. f(In Letters to a Friend.) LETTER IV. MY DEAR -. --It was .Anglicanism that led me'to the Church of tome. I thankfully acknowledge it. It first taught me all those" principles and doctrines, in their germ or elements at least, which are.fulfille'd and harmonised only in the one holy Catholic Church, of which the Bishop of Rome, as successor of St. Peter, is the head and centre. It first gave birth in my mind to the glorious vision of the Visible Church,; one organised Body, inhabited by the Holy Ghost; the one great sacrament of grace, From contact and union with which flow all spiritual blessings to individual men. It first taught me the essential importance of unity in this sacredBody, and the consequent evil and sin of schism. It first taught me to see the importance and necessity of a creed and authority in matters of faith. It first turned my attention to.the theology of Christianity as an historical fact, aa well as a spiritual philosophy. It first brought me acquainted with, the writings of the Fathers, the Saints, and Doctors of the Catholic Church.. How can I ever be sufficiently grateful to it for these benefits and their results P As an instrument to bring men to Rome, it is invaluable; as a resting-place in itself, as a consistent system, it is, .to my mind, the most. unsatisfactory and delusive. Having created in my mind certain wants, having given birth to certain ideas, and sown the seeds of certain doctrines, it failed in every respect :to satisfy the needs it had created. I looked for authority in matters of faith, and there was none, but the utmost license and licentiousness even on the most sacred and essential doctrines ;-doctrines which (as Mr. Allies says), " if not dod's veiy truths, are most- fearful blasphemies." I had been taught to consider ourselves one with the holy Catholic Church all over the world; I found that'we were isolated, condenined, excommunicated, with every appearatice of difference in most important matters of doctrine and practice, and as much in ther wrong, as it seemed to me, according to our own principles, as if three of our own Bishops should differ and separate from the rest, aid make a se~t or so-called Church of their own, perpetuating the succession'of their ordei. I saw no possibility of settling our own disput?s; ;odr the English Church had no living voice, unless it was- the voices speaking though Bishops and.Ecclesiastical Courts, and these all condemqed us. I saw no possibility o0 settling our disputes with the Catholic Church; for, according to us, that had no. living voice, the Church had ceased to have authority in controversies since the separation of East and West. I had been led to see the folly and evil of referring to the Bible as the alone rule of faith, because it was a book, a dead letter. and bqoks could;no't intterpret themselves: and I was referred to the Bible and Prayer-book-two: books instead of one; or to the Bible and the Fathers--a whole library instead of one inspired book. Still books, dead letters ! but where. was the Church to in. terpret them ? I had been beguiled by woids, and was as far off as ever from the thing talked of and needed. Anglicanism had done all it could, it had done its work don me; it had brought me as far as it-could on my way, and then it left me in sight of the holy Catholic Church, and pointed to it as that alone which could fulfil its own theories, and satisfy my wants. But Anglicanism had taught me doctrines also, as well as Church principles. From it I had learnt the elements and outlines of that .wondrous system of divine truth, which, botli as a theory and as a living system, is the possession of the Catholic Church, and of it alone, and which it alone can rightly expound, exhibit, and unfold. I had learnt to understand and believe the nature of the Christian sacraments';, I hail learnt. especially to believe, with entire faith, the veality'of the Presence of our Lord in the Sacrament of the Holy Eucharist ; I had learnt to reverence the very crumbs which were the sign of a Presence so inconceivably sacred. I lhd learnt also to. believe and understand, in some faint degree, the doctrine of. the communion of saints, not merely of the living with the living, but of the visible with the invisible, as one and.the same company or Body in Christ. I had learnt also to believe in the forgiveness of sins, not merely as an. abstract doctrine, but as a gift in the Church, communicated sacramentally, with circumstances of protection against the fanatical, and of consolation to the penitent. When once these doctrines were in my mind, a new world opened to me. Christianity was no more the same thing. The mystery of the Incarnation was nolonger a mere dogma ;. it was perpetuated, embodied, and multiplied on-earth. ' The real Presence of Christ in 'the Eucharistic elements, or Transubstantiation, seemed almost a natural consequence of- the Incarnation, as it is a perpetual symbol -and witness of it. and a means of communicating its great treasure. SIt seemed clear also Ithat' there, must be -an intermediate state, oc cupied by , the spirits of the- just made perfect,"' and of those not yet perfected. It- seenmed almost self-evident that they could not be indifferent to us, nor we to them, but that we should still communi cate with and miriister to each other. How could I ever have thought of'the' Blessed Virgin, and St. Peter, and St. Paul, and others as deadP How shouild they not fihd the chief blessedness and occupa. tion of their enlarged souls in serving. their Lord anti God P How should they: perve Him but in His' members and their fellow members, for whom He had' shed His blood, and over whom He still watched, and for whom He still presented and pleaded the merits of His death P If they interceded for and ministered to the saints while they were on earth, why not still P -What more strictly in analogy with God's dealings, and with the complex system of mediation and mutual dependence in which we already believed and lived ? Here, then, were the germs and outlines of a great and super natural.system of doctrine which I had actually embraced, which Anglicans had told me was Catholic; which I had myself seen am ple testimonies to. in, antiquity,* and in the writings of those saints whose names we all revered. But such truths as these cannot dwell long in the mind withQut expansion; nor can we see their context, their. harmony, their. manifold relations and consequences, all at once. They expanded within me by time and reflection ;.and as they did so, I found.myself continually drawing nearer to the ap prehension of Roman Catholic theology and practices, until at last the Catholic Church stood before my eyes in exact correspondence to all those truths. - It seemed but the natural and proper embodi ment of these ideas and of thissystem. .And, on the other hand, I found it'daily more and more utterly impossible to persuade myself any longer that this was indeed the theology, the faith, of the English Church. And yet this I was called upon to believe. This was the theory of Anglicanism- not that these doctrines were true, not that they were Catholic, not that they might be held within the Church, but that this was the Catholic faith, and that this faith was held, taught, and witnessed; by the English Church ! Oh, how ut terly and inexpressibly unreal did I come to feel such language to lie ! What a mockery of facts; documents, and history ! I felt that I could believe any thing rather than that. I felt that nothing could be more unreal, more untrue, than to say that I believed this religious system to be the authoritative system taught, or intended to be taught, by the Eiglish Church. What was my position, then, at this time P On the other hand, I saw all this great body of doctrines-all this sacramental and mysterious system, all but lost sight of, obscured or denied by the English Church, nay, actually denied by the vast majority of her communion in every period of her existence, and never for one single year really acted out in the least degree; never in any sense the religion of her clergy or her people; never by any exaggera tion of language,' by any effort of imagination, to be called the jfaith of the English Church.' And,' on the other hand. in the Catholic Church I saw all these doctrines taught and enforced as essential truths, forming an essential part of the whole system of worship, woven into it, spreading all over it, having possession of the minds ot all her people, and expressed naturally in their ordi nary language. Could I hesitate for a moment -if this were the Catholic faith, and if the Church was to teach the Catholic faith which was the Church ? The English Church couldI no longer be a Church to me in any sense. It stood condemned in my eyes in every way. It had not taught ri,.e the faith. It did not embody or enshrine it for me. It did not support and sustain me in it. I dared hardly utter it, or any small portinn of it. A few around me thought with me ; but whatever they might occasionally say, it was evident they only hoped, in the course of time, to teach the Church--the Church had not taught them. They talked of making the Churc? Catholic; of waiting to see if it would receive Catholic truth. I am quoting expressions of the highest Anglicans, What mockery.-what condemnation of themselves and their theories was in these words ! Could any Catholic speak so of the Catholic Church P I do not know which is the better hypothesis for the.character of the"English Church on Anglican views, that she does or does not hold the Catholic faith as authoritative. I think it is almost more shocking to believe that she has all along believed this faith, and yet so obscured it, trodden it under foot; seemed to oppose it, and deny it, and protested against it so successfully as to deceive the whole, world, Catholic and Protestant, into thinking her Protestant, than to admit at once that through ignorance she gave up and rejected the faith. It would take me a long time were I to attempt to give expression to the, manifold ways in which conviction flowed in upon my mind, that the English Church was in no sense, and according to no criteria, a part of the Catholic Church, when once the suspicion had entered my-mind, and doubt had led to inquiry. Suffice it to say, the delusion was gone for ever. I marvel that ii could have deceived me so long. It was gone, however, and now 1 stood before the Roman Catholic Church as that alone-which corresponded to my principles and idea of a Church, and which taught and embodied the Catholic faith. Why should I not submit myself at once, and join it P * I ought to say, that the more I became acquainted with the writings of' the Fathers and the history of the early Church, the more impossible I felt it torecognise any real resemblance between the primitive and the Anglican Churches. Early Christianity, on the contrary, (whatever view we choose to take of the question of development) bears at least a very striking resemblance to " mo dern lRomanism." All but Anglicans feel this. There seems no alternative but to believe that the Church was " corrupt" from the first, or that." Romanism" is in the main the same as early Christi anity. Surely none- but the most blinded can imagine, that if an cient Christianity is to be our standard, the English Church is in finitely more removed, from that standard titan the Roman Ca tholic. 'Many persons have been .converted simply by this fact. They felt it to be monstrous for a body so defective by this standard, to condemn another body so neaily approximating to it. If pri. mitive Christianity has a representative on earth at all, the im pression on any candid and, well- informed mind must surely be, that the Roman, and not the English, Church -is that representative. According to all, Catholics and. Anglo - Catholics, the Roman Church is a Church. It possesses an undoubted succession. It embraces the whole Western communion,.England only excepted. It is the Church of our Patriarch. It is the Church of which the See of St. Peter. is the centre, and the successor of St. Peter the head. That see to which, Mr. Allies bears witness, so many mys terious and divine privileges are attributed by Scripture and anti quity : that see with which, according to Bossuet (with whom Mr. Allies seems to think he agrees), it is practically necessary to be in communion. According to Catholics themselves, it is Che Church, the one Church founded on Peter, and continued on in his succes sors, and claiming the obedience of all Christians in all nations. It holds, teaches authoritatively, and embraces every Catholic doctrine, Anglicans themselves being witnesses. It has preserved its traditions unbroken, and its Service-books unmutilated. It comes before us, in fact, with every positive note, and answers to every test of a Church, and challenges our faith and obedience with the most.awful sanctions. Why, then, should I not join it ? Be cause I am.told it has corrupted the faith, added to it, and imposes unwarrantable .terms of communiou. I will consider this point in my next. 