'ECLECTIC' REPROVED. 11 Thou hypocrite, first cast the beam out of thine otrn eyt and then thalt thou tee clearly to take the mote out of thr brother's eye.' Gentlemen~In the following communication I do not propose replying to ' Eclectic's' letter, publish ed in your issue of the 23rd instant (which rather devolves on Diogenes), but merely to show Protestants their inconsistency in attacking Catholicism, when the very charges they prefer against her can be brought home to themselves ; neither do I wish to be understood as applying the term 'hypocrite' to ' Eclectic' in its more invidious sense, but in that wherein it figures in the above Scripture, as descrip tive of an inconsistent person. Will 'Eclectic' tell me, what is Protestantism ? It is this, or it it nothing : The practical recognition of the Scripture as the alone rule of faith, practice, church govern ment, and discipline, and of the absolute right and competency of every man to read the Divine oracles, judge for himself, and act accordingly. Tried by these principles, on how many Protestant sects must we write the ominous words, mene, mene tekel, uphrar sin — ?' thou art weighed in the balances and found wanting? ' ' Ecclectic' stigmatises the miraculous power claimed by the Catholic priesthood as vaia pretensions, but seems to forget that it is a docrine of the Anglican Church that the communion elements after consecration undergo some mysterious nescio quid change. Nor does he remember that the Anglican Bishops, when ordaining for the ministry, authoritatively pronounce the words, ' Receive thou the Holy Ghost ;' and after having sprinkled or immersed, as caprice dictates, the infant at the baptis mal font, the officiating minister declares the child regenerate. Thus it appears, that if the Roman Church claims mirculous powers, the Anglican is ia the same predicament. If these be mere pretensions in the one case, they must be so in the other. What is sauce for the goose, is sauce for the gander. If it be said that the claim to infallibility set up br the Church of Rome deprives her of all power of im provement, amendment, reformation, but that the Anglican Church labours under no such impediment, I reply, that the fact of the Anglican Church being established, operates similarly in her case, as the claim to infallibility operates in that of Rome. The government rules the Anglican Church with a rod of iron. If it allow any semblance of liberty, it is in the conge d'e lire style, '? keeping the word of promise to tbe ear, but breaking it to the sense.' Let the Anglican Church be tossed to and fro by every wind of doctrine, schismatical, heretical, poli tical, revolutionary, or voluntary, she dare not hold a convocation to decide between conflicting opinions, and purge out the unorthodox leaven, and that for two reasons ;—first, because she is an enslaved church, tied neck and heels to the Government, which would not allow her to take the initiative in anything of the kind, or if it did, so far from giving effect to her decisions, would throw obstacles in their way ; and second, because such a convocation as that supposed, would end in nothing but a total disrup tion of everything excellent in tbe Anglican Church. None but the men of small character for religion, talents, learning and principle, would stand by the Church in her extremity, that is, would accept tbe loaves and fishes as the price of the surrender of their Christian liberty. Can any doubt the general correctness of what I have laid' down with respect to the unwieldiness or inadaptiveness (if I may so speak) of tbe Anglican Church, who consider how Puseyism has been run ning rampant in tbat church for the last six years. Surely, on such an occasion (if on any), it was the Church's duty to have held a convocation, and autho ritatively denounced the unorthodox leaven, or at least declared whether the Church were bona fide Protestant or Puseyite. This is but one fact among many which might be adduced, which tends to show that progress, improvement, or reformation, may not be more reasonably anticipated in the Anglican than in the Roman Church. Indeed, from tbe sagacity which seems to influence some Roman prelates, we may reasonably expect that Catholicism will hence forward manifest more accommodativeness than heretofore, to the democratic tendencies of the age— a wisdom which I fear it is vain to look for et the hands of Cambridge and Oxford divines, whose views of men and things, seem as contracted and insulated, as the boundaries of their native land. But, Gentlemen, my strictures are not confined to the Anglican Church. Amongst other Protest ant sects, too, there is a frightful amount of non Protestants. If I enter the assemblies of the Wes leyan Methodists, I find the institutes of John Wesley substituted for those of the Apostles Should I encounter the Swedenborgians, I am dazzled, indeed, by the splendour of the specula* tions, their sublime flights of fancy, now soaring to the zenith, and anon descending to the lowest abyss ; but on my enquiring whence the authority for these sublimities, echo answers, where? If I go amongst the Congregationalists, I find the germ of priestcraft there. The very parties who con demn the doctrine of the real presence as a figment, while they admit a laic to preach the Gospel, will not allow him to administer baptism, or the Lord's Supper, as if the individual, who was competent to the former, must not be, a fortiori, competent to the latter. To whatever this inconsistency be at tributable, but a lingering belief is the doctrine of the real presence, and in the opus operatum of the priest, the inconsistency of these Congrega tionalists is further apparent from the fact that, while they ridicule the notion of Christian sponsors, undertaking that infants shall become Christians, they affect to allow the dumb unreasoning infant, by the act of baptism, to make a confession of faith. If this be not the fact, will Congregational- ists inform when they are baptised ? While thus endeavouring, on the true principles of an eclectic philosopher, to do justice to all parties, and disabuse Protestants of the '' No-Popery' bug bear, I conceive that we may attach too much weight to the adhesion or opposition of either the Anglican or Romish Church to popular progress One thing is certain, the victory, sooner or later, must be with the people, and woe, woe to the ec clesiastical system, whether Anglican or Roman, which thwarts them in the attainment of their na tural political rights and status. It should never be forgotten that the most bigoted and devoted ad herents of the church, when thwarted by the church in their dearest aspirations, become its most inveterate and deadliest foes, even so far as to make their rallying cry, ' death to the priests.' ' priests to the lamp-post.' OBSERVER. 