THE CONFESSIONS OF A BUSHRANGER. (CONCLUDED.) I filled my saddle-bags with necessaries from a store, and among them a rich tartan satin scarf for my cottage maid. I already possessed a locket, en- circled with pearls, for which I purchased a black satin ribbon for her pretty throat. With these I returned to the dell, and sleeping one night there, I was the following evening at Mrs Brown's door. Janet's eyes were the first that greeted me, and she asked me why I had been so long in coming again. I could not tell the truth, and her confiding innocence rebuked me. Her mother welcomed me, hoping I had arranged my business satisfactorily, and asked if I returned again to Sydney soon. I did not know how to answer. I said I had niot been very well, and she hoped I would rest one day with them. I felt too glad. I wished her invitation had been for life. I showed Janet some passages in our book, as I called it and she selected some which made my heart thrill. After supper, I took the scarf from my package, and unfolding it, put it upon the pretty shoulders of Janet. Her cheeks dimpled, and her smile rewarded me; and had it been a crown, and I a monarch, I could not for the moment have felt prouder or happier. I retired again to the old hut, after wishing the three ladies a good night. I then had time to canvass my feelings and my plans, and it was not until morning that the drowsy god overcame me, and I then dreamt of pursuits by policemen - of the dell - of my family in Kent - and did not awake until I heard Mrs. Brown saying "call the gentleman, he is perhaps ill." I was soon with them; the day was quickly passed, and the sisters proposed to take me a pretty walk in the evening. It was indeed a lovely spot, where nature had embellished the falling and rippling of the most tortuous clear river I ever saw. I continued to allow the elder sister to wander on, and Janet and I seated our- selves in a sweet nook. I here took out the locket, and asked her if she would wear it in remem- brance of her companion. She took it, and, looking at the hair in it, said "did any one ever wear this before?" I asked her why she in- quired? She said "because I am told that all men have at least half a dozen ladies to whom they assever - that she is the one; now if you have one more than me I shall with pleasure send her this locket:" I looked disappointed and was silent; but she took it and hung it round her neck. She rose to join her sister. I assisted her to leap from rock to rock, putting my arm round her pretty waist occasionally. She soon joined her sister, and arrived at the enviable cottage, by moonlight. I was requested to read aloud; while the ladies worked. They chose Byron 's Corsair, and I heard them comment upon the sea robber - I thought they admired his fidelity to Medora. But I felt that in Conrad's robberies there was something more noble than in my condemned life. He had to fight on the broad seas for his prizes, but I ! I shrank from myself. They saw I was deeply affected, and attributed it to the melancholy tale I was read- ing. I could not again rally my spirits that evening, and it was not until next morning that I could feel cheerful. I bade the family farewell for a time, saying I was going to Sydney, and should return in a month. But I previously asked the old lady's permission to pay my ad- dresses to Janet. She said, "If you get a station near us I may, with her consent." I felt happy, but I knew how impracticable was her request. I kept Janet's hand a long time in mind, and asked her to think of me every evening at sunset. She did not answer, but her humid eye replied. I left the dear girl more attached than I ever was to any object in life; and returned self-con- demned to my lonely dell. Oh how changed I was in feeling from the first day I entered the cave. I was then hardened and careless of my own opinion or that of others; I now felt the poignant punishment of retributive justice. The life of a virtuous man was before my eyes, but I could not obtain the prize. My own evil passions had stimulated me to deeds of crime and dishonor, and these now arose before me in solitude, as an impassable gulph and barrier to my ever obtaining the hand of the innocent cottage maid. I felt that she ought not to love one so unworthy of her as I knew myself to be. Falsehood, which had been entwined in all my actions, again came to offer me assistance. I thought of soon returning to the farm, and, feigning that I had lost all my property by some serious bankruptcies, thus excite their pity. In the midst of these reflections, my companion in crime came towards me breathless and excited; he told me that the police were in pursuit of him, and they had seen him last about a quarter of a mile distant, where he had escaped into some scrub and down a steep bank and round the mountain. I thought it more advisable to seek some more secret recess to hide in, and from where we could watch their movements. This we soon found under some ledges of gigantic rocks near the summit of the mountain, and from this we discovered them in our direction ; there were three of them - they turned their heads in the direction of our retreat, but not their horses, and with joy we saw them continue their pursuit far beyond the objects of their search. We descen- ded to the cave, and my comrade told me that he had visited an old shepherd's hut, and by threat- ening the man, had obtained his watch and six pounds ; with these he had gone to an inn, and the police being there some surmises were made about him : in the morning he decamped. Next day he saw the tree after him, as he concluded. "And your horse.?" "I tied him in the scrub, and must go for him." "Well," said I, "I am sick of all this kind of thing. I feel as if I had now an internal warn- ing, not to be disregarded, and I cannot get quit of it. Night and day it haunts me, and I think we ought to try and turn honest men." "Ah, Drew, this is the old tune you are again at. What has come over you man ? Have you seen some ghost or hobgoblin in your road, or what is it?" "I will tell you what it is. I have seen a girl worth reforming for, and" - "say no more, Drew ; only add, you could sell your former friend for her sake ; but let me tell you, bad as I am, I know this much, that, although 'hand join in hand, the wicked shall not go unpunished ; you "Aye, you now speak to my heart, and I feel that the mark of Cain is upon me ; but if you saw the pure-looking girl, for whom I would brave all! "' "Yes, all, save that of appearing what you are. Come, come, no more about purity and reform. It cannot be done ; as the tree is bent, so must it grow and fall, and your fall may be from the gallows tree ; but to become an honest man was never laid down in your astrology." I winced under the apparent truth of all he said. But I would not show it. He continued. "And who is this piece of beautiful clay, who is to act as the reformer of George Drew?" "I need not tell you ; but she is a gem of nature, more precious in my estimation than the finest diamond in our Queen's crown." "Yes, Drew, and as maintainable, when a man's in love, he makes a fool of himself, and all his former friends are sent to -." "Well, have done, I cannot tell you now." A sardonic smile lighted up the countenance of my companion, and he said, "Some other time I will know all." I was now miserable, for, besides being away from the cottage, I wanted money, and seeing my companion with a well filled purse, I told him we ought to share alike. He said, "Ye, our gold, but not our thoughts," and presented me with ten sovereigns. He proposed we should go in pursuit of something daring. I said I should, but I first intended to visit my fair one, and then I would be at his command. I set off next morning, and at evening saw the white walls of the peaceful hut. I was welcomed by the three inmates, and Janet - No, she never looked so lovely before, she told me that the days and hours had appeared so long during my absence. I could only look my gratitude. I felt truly un- worthy of such an artless being. At supper I became dejected, and Mrs. Brown asked me if I was well, I said, "Yes, in bodily health, but my mind is in a fever, as I have lost all my property and am now hopeless and without fortune." With all woman's disinterestedness, they evinced great sympathy for me. And the mother said that perhaps she would find some employment not unworthy of myself. Next mor- ning, she said she had long required an overseer, and if I would make a trial of that situation, I might forget my lost fortune. I was now at the climax of happiness; an inmate of the family, and with the good opinion of the only parent. In a few days I obtained Janet's consent to become mine by the sacred bond of matrimony. But I knew not that during this period of happiness undeserved, the eye of envy was watching me. Larkins (so my com- panion in guilt was named). when I had left the dell, saddled his horse, and following at a dis- tance, tracked me to the farm and watched my movements. He even, as a pretended stranger, learned from the servants, that the fifth of next month was my wedding day. I was too happy for the space of some weeks. I was most industrious during the day, and in the evening, in the society of so much goodness, I only felt an inward monitor which seemed to repeat - "she can never be thine." One night, while returning to my solitary dor- mitory, I thought I perceived a figure glide past me, and that his step resembled that of Larkins. I felt a shudder pervade my frame; a prophetic warning seemed to speak to me, and I could not sleep. Janet's pretty dimpled smile cheered me, and chased these gloomy forebodings. Next week we were going to be married, and the pretty simple dresses were preparing for the occasion. The morning arrived, sunny and light, and a rural vehicle and horses conveyed the party to the settlement. The friends of the family joined us in the church; Janet wore a robe as pure as her mind, and my gift of the plaid satin scarf. Tlie clergyman had proceeded with part of the ceremony, when a noise of horses was heard out- side, and then of some heavy steps approaching. I was seized, and dragged away by armed police- men, handcuffed and set upon a horse, which they guarded: and thus I was taken to Sydney, tried, and condemned to death for the murder of the man whom Larkins shot. He, with all the malice of the evil one, had saved himself by accusing me, and, in order to confirm his infor- mation, had shown the grave to the policeman. Ah, retribution! I deserved my fate, as I had outraged parental authority, and infringed my country's laws. But Janet! why was one so pure ever allowed to be contaminated by the affection of a Bushranger. 