THE ROMISH CONTROVERSY. Gentlemen— Having observed in your late numbers some extracts from Roman Catholic books of devotion, I beg to send you the following, as they appear to me to shew the character of the Romish faith in a light which cannot be mistaken. In doing this I disclaim any desire to cast reproach upon our brethren of the Roman Church as individuals. I cannot look upon that Church as teaching in its formularies or books of devotion any thing that could encourage men to lead immoral lives — on the contrary, I believe they lay down rules of conduct which if adhered to would make the members of that communion as moral as any people could be. I know, of course, that some of the acts of that Church, such as absolving subjects from their al- legiance, and dispensing with oaths and obligations in certain cases, are most wicked and distructive of the peace of society ; but these things are exceptions — the common books of devotion do not teach such doc- trines. But while the rules of practice are so strict, we may learn from the following extracts how errone- ous their faith is, and when men are taught to dishonor God, we cannot hope much from their rules of conduct towards men. In laying these few extracts before your readers, I shall place beside them, here and there, quotations from other authentic Romish documents and from the Holy Scriptures, using for the latter the approved Romish Bible. I do not profess to make a full examination into this subject, but only to set down such remarks and quotations as occur to me at the moment. The book of devotion before me is entitled "Pre paration for Death:" it is published by Thomas Richardson and Son, Derby, for the "Catholic Book Society" "permissu superiorum." Tenth Edition. The work was given to me by a Roman Catholic friend. In tbe author's preface, speaking of the charity of giving these books to the poor, he says, "a charity of this nature would be more profitable to them than large sums of money, because it would procure for them eternal happiness ; and by thus assisting them to die well, we should oblige the Angels and the God of Angels to reward those who shall have done this charity, with a happy death." (Here note that the power of granting "a happy death" is ascribed to the Angels, as well as to "the God of Angels," and that mortal men can "oblige" that is, compel them to grant this favor. Page 16. "A prayer to our Lord Jesus Christ." "May the Blessed Virgin Mary, thy mother, O Lord, intercede for us to thy bounty, now and at the hour of our death." (Where in the Bible do we read that the Blessed Virgin intercedes for any per- sons? And where that Christ who is our intercessor himself, needs any intercessor with him ?) Page 20. "I offer it [my life] to thee, O God, wretched as it is. I beseech thee to receive it in thanksgiving for thy blessings, and in satisfaction for my sins." (8th Anathema published by the Roman Catholic Church in England and repeated by Dr. Murphy, in Adelaide : "Cursed is he who be- lieves he can merit salvation by his own good works, or make condign satisfaction for the guilt of sins or the eternal pains due to them, independently of the merits and passion of Christ. R. Amen.') Page 31. Speaking of the penitent, "One act of love or conformity may be sufficient to blot out all his sins and open heaven to him, which is a wonder- ful advantage and satisfaction." (The Bible tells us that " the blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from all sin." 1 John 1,7. Here we learn that "one act of love or conformity" can do it.) Page 33. "I declare that I most willingly lay it (life) down in acknowledgment of the absolute do- minion which He has over me ; as a homage to his infinite greatness and majesty ; and in satisfaction to his justice." (See anathema eight as above quoted.) Page 35. "Weigh my soul in the balance of thy cross, and consider the loss thou wilt sustain if thou lose it." "I return my soul into thy hands ; and for the multitude of sins which it has committed, I agree, if thou so ordain, that it go to purgatory, and remain there till thy justice is satisfied." (The sinner "agrees" to God's will ! The atonement of Christ is so defective that the soul must make an atone- ment for itself in purgatory! (To say nothing of this being a fabulous region.) "By one oblation He hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified." Hebrews x, 14. Page 36. "O, holy Virgin, and worthy mother of God ! I this day choose thee for my mother, my mis- tress, my advocate with God; and I place the busi- ness of my salvation in thy hands. I declare that I die thy servant and thy child ; and after thy son, I place my whole hope in thee." ("Neither is there salvation in any other (than Christ). For there is no other name under heaven given to men, whereby we must be saved," Acts iv, 12. And yet the Church of Rome teaches its followers to "place the business of their salvation" in the hands of the blessed Virgin!) Same page. "St. Joseph, worthy husband of the Virgin Mary, father and protector of Jesus Christ, my Saviour, be present at my death; and procure me the grace of dying in the arms of Jesus and Mary." (What does the Bible say of Joseph more than that he was "a just man ?" I suppose that the comma placed after the word Christ (I have punctuated ex- actly as in the book) is there by accident, as I cannot think that even the Romanists would call Joseph a "Saviour." Note also in this extract the equality shewn in the last clause between "Jesus and Mary." Anathema 3. "Cursed is he that believes the saints in heaven to be his Redeemers, that prays to them as such, or gives God's honor to them or to any creature whatever. R. Amen.") Page 47. (Speaking of the blessed Virgin). "I place my soul and my salvation in thy hands." (See above.) Page 53. (Address to the soul). Thou art going to the marriage feast, where all thy desires will be satisfied ; and where thou wilt be inebriated with the torrents of delight" (This is simply coarse and sensual — a soul "inebriated ! !") Page 55. "He has sworn that he who shall eat his body, shall not die eternally. Hast thou not received it in the viaticum ?" (Do all who partake "of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper escape eternal death? The Romanist perhaps will say, no, all do not receive it in faith. But if the body and blood of Christ are "really and substantially" there (as they assert) all must receive it, faith or no faith. Anathema 4. "Cursed is he who believes that the flesh and blood of Christ are present in the Sacrament in a gross and carnal manner, or who worships or makes Gods of the empty elements of bread and wine." "Whosoever shall say, that in the holy Sacrament of the Eucharist, the substance of bread and wine remains together with the substance of the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ, and shall deny that wonderful and singular change of the whole substance of the bread into the body, and of the whole substance of the wine into the blood, the species of bread and wine still remain- ing, which change the Catholic Church very fitly calls Transubstantiation, let them be accursed." (Con. Frid. Sess. xiii, Can. 2). The fathers of the 2nd Nicene Council pronounced "that the Eucha- rist is not the mere image of Christ's body and blood, but that it is Christ's body and blood, their own literal and proper physical selves." Labbe Con., Vol. vii, p. 448. Let "infallible" Rome reconcile this mass of contradiction). Page 76. (Addressing God). "Dost thou wish me to atone for my sins in Purgatory ?" (See above. Page 81. (To the Blessed Virgin Mary.) "The Church has given thee this glorious title ; because thou openest the abyss of divine mercy to whom thou wilt, when thou wilt, as much as thou wilt ; So that there is not a sinner however enormous, who can perish if thou vouchsafe to take him under thy protection and to use thy credit with thy Son in his behalf, as one of thy servants says." (This needs no comment.) Same page. "Hail ! Our life, our sweetness, and our hope. As thou art mother of God, thou must be the mother of men ; for having given life to a God, thou hast given it to all men who are buried in the shades of death. Thou didst conceive them with thy Son at Nazareth ; but thou gavest them birth with extreme pain on Calvary. They were given to thee in the person of St. John, who represented all the adopted children of God when thy Son said to thee: Woman, behold thy Son ; and when he said to his beloved disciple : behold thy mother. O holy Virgin ! thou art not a mother of vigour but of sweetness. We have in God a Father of mercy ; but we wanted a mother of mercy : and it is to thee, sweet Virgin ! that this quality is due. Since thou didst bear in thy chaste womb mercy itself for nine months, can there be a doubt, that thy bowels are entirely imbued and penetrated with mercy ? This is what gives us courage. This is what fills us with confidence, and inspires the holy Church to call thee after thy Son, our whole hope." (I have given this prayer entire. It is chiefly remarkable for its gratu- itous assumptions. What warrant have we for sup- posing that there was such a mystical meaning in the simple circumstance of the Saviour committing his mother to the care of St. John ? What right have we to say "we wanted a mother of mercy ?" "He that hath the Son, hath life. He that hath not the Son, hath not life." 1 John v: 12. This and other like Scriptures shew plainly that "God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son" only : We need no other help than God has given us in his Son. The allusion to the Blessed Virgin Mary's pregnancy seems to me, to be very coarse.) Page 82. "But this Father of mercy has chosen thee, O holy virgin, to repair the mischief which the first woman has done. Thou healest those whom she has wounded. Thou savest those whom she has damned; and thou introducest into the heavenly, those whom she banished from the earthly Paradise." (Mark the fearful clause in italics — the author's own. comment would make this letter too long.) Page 83. "We have with the Father an all- powerful Advocate, who is Jesus Christ, thy Son ; but we still wanted a powerful Advocate with that Ad- vocate, because he is our Judge. Now God has chosen thee, O holy Virgin ! and transferred thee from Earth to heaven, to the end that thou mayest confidently intercede with him for us ; as the holy Church expresses it." If thou regard me with an eye of compassion, I shall be saved : but if thou turn thy eyes away from me, I am lost, &.' (Where does the Bible tell us that we need an Advocate with Him who said, "Come to me, all you that labour, and are burdened, and I will refresh you ?" Matt, xi : 28. And again, "you will not come to me that you may have life." John v : 40. Where do we learn in the Bible that God transferred the Blessed Virgin to heaven for the purpose above stated ? As for the latter clause let Scripture answer. "Believe in the Lord Jesus : and thou shall be saved." (Acts, xvi : 31 .) Page 84. "Thou was filled with grace from the moment of thy immaculate conception; and it is from that superabundant plenitude that the blind man receives his sight, the sick his cure, the captive his ransom, the just his grace, the sinner his pardon, the angel his joy, the Son of God his flesh, and the Holy Trinity its glory." (This seems to be a perfect phrenzy of adoration rising to the highest climax possible, unless it were said that the Blessed Virgin Mary is Jehovah. The Bible tells us that Christ came "To preach deliverance to the captives, and sight to the blind ; to set at liberty them that are bruised." (Luke, iv. 19.) There seems to be an accommodation of this in the above to the Blessed Virgin. "Jesus saith to him : I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No man cometh to the Father, but by me." (John, xiv 6.) Anathema 2d. "Cursed is every goddess worshipper, that believes the Virgin Mary to be any more than a creature, that honours her, worships her, or puts his trust in her more than God, that believes her above her Son, or that she can in anything command him." R. "Amen.") Same page. "The Lord is with thee: He is with thee, as a father with his child, as a son with his mother, as a husband with his wife. The Father communicates to thee his power; the Son his wisdom ; the Holy Ghost his goodness. O incom- parable mother ! let me always be with thee by a tender devotion ; and be thou ever with me in life and death, by a continual protection. Blessed art thou amongst women, who have been, who art, and who shall be. Blessed in thy Conception, having been preserved from original sin. Blessed in thy Annunciation, having become Mother of God with- out detriment to thy virginity. Blessed in thy As- sumption, having died of love, and being conveyed to Heaven, body and soul, there to reign for ever with thy Son." (Note, here the whole Trinity com- municates its chief attributes to the Blessed Virgin, as she conferred glory on it, according to the pre- vious prayer. Mark the application of Jehovah's essential title to the Virgin. God said, "I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, saith the Lord God, who is, and who was, and who is to come, the Almighty. (Rev., i 8.) Is there not evi- dent reference to this in the words applied here to the Blessed Virgin — "Who have been, who art, and who shall be ?" See also Rev., iv 8, where the words more exactly coincide. Where does the Bible tell us that the Blessed Virgin was "preserved from original sin ;" that she "died of love ;" that she was "conveyed to Heaven body and soul ;" and that she there "reigns for ever with her Son ?" I believe no Romanist pretends Bible au- thority for these assertions, but relies on tradition only. To this I say, in the words of Anathema 9th (yet not in its spirit ; for I do not want to curse my brethren in return for their curses on me), " Cursed is he who undervalues the Word of God, or forsakes the Holy Scripture, in order to follow mere human tradition. R. Amen." Page 86. To the Blessed Virgin. " Thou hast been elevated in Heaven above every created being ; because thou art the morning star of salvation, the hope of the miserable, the Queen of men, the gate of heaven, and the dispenser of all graces." " Jesus Christ, our Lord, who chose thee for His mother ; who raised thee unto His throne ; who has made thee the joy of the whole earth; the glory of Heaven, the Queen of angels, the mother of the just, the refuge of sinners, the terror of the devils, the support and consolation of all the afflicted." "Holy Mary, Mother of God and of men ! pray for us poor sinners, since thou art our Advocate and Mediatrix with thy 'Son.' (Note here one - of ^Christ's titles given to the Blessed Virgin. ' Pam the root and stock of David, the bright and morning star.' Her., xxii 16. The Virgin is the ** dispenser of all graces ?' *' And of His (Christ's) fulness we all have received, and grace for grace.' John, i 16. She is 'the glory of heaven ?' ' The City hath no need of the sun, nor of the moon, to shine in it. For the glory of God hath enlightened it, and the Lamb is the lamp thereof.' ?ev., xxi 23. She is ' our Advocate and Mediatrix' with Christ ? Alas ! when did the Saviour forbid any man to come unto him ? when did he *? cast out' those who came? Page 87. ' Strengthen me with thy help in this last conflict; put the devils, my enemies, to flight by thy presence, and receive my soul into thy hands, that I may bless, praise, and thank thee in heaven through endless ages, in the company of the saints. Amen.' (Stephen, dying, said, Lord Jesus, receive my spirit,' Acts vii,58 ; but toe are encouraged to ask the Blessed Virgin Mary to ' receive our souls into her hands.') Page 95. ' O good Jesus, Bay to thy holy mother in my behalf, behold thy son/' (Here Christ inter cedes with the Virgin ; the Bible says, 'If any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the just, and he is the propitiation for our sins,' &c;, 1 John, ii, 1-2.) Lastly, in these extracts, take the following account of a miracle : Page 59. .' We read in the life of St Liduvina, that our Lord, accompanied by his holy mother, the holy apostles, and a great number of angels, entered her chamber and approached her bed, near which she saw a small table, on which was a wax taper, a crucifix, and the holy oils. While this heavenly group made a kind of circle round her bed, Jesus Christ took the holy oils and anointed her with his own divine hands; which filled her with great consolation.' I have now ended these extracts taken from a little book of only 104 pages. I lay them before your readers more to open the eyes of curious Protestants, who are taken with the sweet music, handsome deco rations, and specious discourses they find at the K. C. Chapel, than in the expectation of convincing any sincere Romanist, for I know that when a man is well educated to a particular faith, and meets glaring inconsistencies and contradictions therein, he does not set himself to examine the ground of his belief, but only goes about to reconcile these matters with his previously formed opinions. I have copied the book (Preparation for Death) and the Douay Bible as accurately as I could : in the former I followed the punctuation strictly, and only underlined the passages marked in the original by italics. The other quota tions were from Protestant books, but are, I believe, strictly correct. In conclusion, I would ast my Roman Catholic brethren a question, and make one observation on the foregoing. If we have in the Saints and the Blessed Virgin Mary such sources of comfort and safeguards to salvation, can you tell us, poor Protestants, who in our simplicity keep to the Bible, why the Holy Apostles, or the Lord himself, never even gave us a hint on the subject ? Friends, your Church claims to be infallible ? that she cannot err. Now if there is in these ex tracts one word of false doctrine, the whole fabric of infallibility falls to the ground, and the Romish faith becomes a dead letter. May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ (not of the Blessed Virgin Mary,) the love of God (not of Saints as Mediators,) and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost, 'be with you all. Amen. A Protesting Catholic. 21 st Feb., 1848. 