Xiooal XntoUlgcnco, I'r.tvATE Investigation. — A l'rorcnata meeting of the l'rcsbytcry of Melbourne, i was lickl yesterday, in the Scotch Church, Collins-street, for the purpose of enquiring into a " fama clamora", against one of its I at Jjicnji1 r ; »4i« jum rcvtiu i yiuj Gunti, of Campbcllfirld, moderator, Irving Hethcrington, of Melbourne, clerk, Andrew Lovr of Gcclong, Alexander Ivxuric. of Portland, ministers, and M<-ssrs. Ballingall and Milligan, elders. On the motion of the moderator tho press Was requested to with draw, on the ground that no witnesses were to he examined in the present stage of business. It was also mentioned by one of tl-.c presbytery, that a very improper and injudicious paragraph had appeared in one of the Melbourne newspapers respecting the business of the meeting. The presby tery then proceeded with closed doors, and after a long sitting adjourned uutil this day, nl 10 o'clock. The nature of the bntiness of the meeting did not transpire. An Audacious Tiiiet. — Lat night, be- tw-en eleven and twclvo o'clock, a most im pudent robbery was perpetrated at the door of the Albion Hotel, llourke-streeL Mr. Charles Spettccr, formerly of tho firm of Spencer and Co., of this City, having occa sion to make a short call at tho Albion, tli row the reins of his horse upon a post, and went inside. At that lime a number of persons were within, and scvcrat passengers were in the street. Nevertheless, some daring " mlttions of tho moon," had the hardihood to whip the saddle off tho animal, during the abort time (five minutes) that its owner was Inside the house; Mrs. Wil kinson wot the first to perceive the naked state of the pra'd, and called to Mr. Spencer saving, " why goo.1 II 'ravens, your saddle's ottr" -nieamaicmrttl Of all present w.iserrst until Mr. Spencer suggested that it was (tniw rt, utr, sou waiicd for a while in llic vague expectation of seeing his pigskin re- placed, but it is almost needless to say that the airy foundation of his hopes was soon dis sipated. It is supposed that the trick was done by two or three persons, as one would be requisite lo watch Mr. Spencer wbilo his confederate cased his Bucephalus of the saddle, the thing was however, so adroitly managed that no traces have yet been dis covered of the offender. Tub Banks' Case— it " Equities. — a shareholder in the Bank of Australia makes the' folio ing observations in the Sydney I Press, on the difference between the plead ings here andyl home.-—' The whole plead ing st home differ from the pleadings here. I speak of pleadings not a lawyer, but Lord Campbell observes to Sir F. Kellvt— "Then you go altogether on the equities'? " and he odds— ")m, iny Lord." Now lite equities were never taken into the consideration of tho Colonial Court, by the barrister or by the Bench. One of the proprietors < of the Bank of Australia, in his letter to Sir Edward Parry, published in the 'Herald' of 14th August, 1813, states the equity which aecms to hsTe occupied the attention of their Lordships, when he says "ho alway urged a denial of responsibility for the debt contracted by the directors, without the knowledge of the proprietors, and 'for no purpose of theirs." This is the main qucs- tion argued tiefore the Privy Council, and which1; was very cavalierly treated by the Colonial Court in the following words of his Honor the Chief Justice in his charge to the Jury : — " It is stated in the correspond ence out In by the defendant themselves, that the Company (or its Director, for one need not now enter into the distinction be tween them) had already incurred liabilities for Hughe and Hoiking prior to the 27th February, and before indeed the application of the Directors for assistance, to the amount of jC 1 32,000, being more than the amount asked for and reerhvd by them. Of this enormous amount of liability, thus pre ciously incurred, and which it dots not ap pear the Corporation had anything to do, £60,000 and upward i stated in the cor respondence (and not denied) to have been by acceptances, and lite remainder lo con sist of guarantees, a most irregular species of undertaking we should have conceived, and apparentlv a very extraordinary one." Further his Honor says — "To release the Bank from the pressure of these engage ments, ( vhether rightfully or trnmyfutty contracted, a matter ioto ichi.-h the ('or ju ration teas not called ttjton to enquire,) the Director applied to that institution." Now these statements of his Honor were admitted or uhmitud to by the liar and the Bench of this c , loin , uhilr git.ii por tion of the arguments » Sir 1. Kelly and Mr. Hill are to satisfy the l'risy Council | that this money having been iKirrowcd for the purpose of paving debts wrongfully ccn- tractcd by the Directors of tl.e Bank of Australia, arc not binding on the proprie tors, I./>rd Campbell ob-ersing that the Di rector had acted in the way of Charles the Second, in the ra«e of -hip l log-v, first creating the m cecity and tb, :i illegally dis training to meet it. Adequate I'linvivioN. — The amount to ?xe expended during 1 849 for the uo of schools inside and outside ill boundaries, is £20,000. A hint.— Read Messrs. Bear nnd Son's advertisement or liny hand of horses to be <toUl this day. Stock Sale. — Messrs. Bear & Son yes terday effected a sale of Mr. 11. K. Hughes stock nnd station, on the Goulburn, for a aum of, between, £3,400 nnd £5,500. 4 he slock consisted of 9000 sheep anil 400 head of cattle. Capital i-ockkd up.— There nre at this moment about £80,000 locked up in trie Sydney Savings' Bank. The Universal Cry. — Immigration. —The arrival of the " Colombinc," with between GO and 70 immigrant, has been hailed by the residents in this district with general satisfaction, particularly ns this batch may be considered the precursor of others expected by various ship from England. Tho only fault to bo found with the present importaiion, is tlicir being men with families, nnd as the)- are looking for higher wage than tho resident can afford to give, some of them remain unengaged, but they will ultimately bo compelled to lower their demand anil accept employ ment- An agricultural population i sadly wanted in lhc»e districts; it is far from desirable that the whole of tho labour should be absorbed by the wool-growers, when so much fine land is only requirin g tillage to produce same of the most valu able tropical production. Tho cotton and coffee plant, it ta a wotl- ascorlaincd fact, flourish most luxuriantly in these northern districts, and would amply repay any enter prising man that ha the means, and ap pliances to boot, to carrv out a speculation of this nature. Tho high rate of wage demanded by the labouring men hitherto, has stopped every branch of agricultural industry. Corn," potato, onions, nnd in fact every other esculent, can bo purchased at present cheaper from Srdner than they can lie grown here. Every well-wisher to the district must endeavour to put n stop, if possible, to the present ruinou system of depending almost entirely upon foreign production for the support of lite inhabit- ants. Marcton Rag (biirier. The New Theatre.— The Theatre m erection by Messrs. Elmc and Caution will go far to equal if not eclipse the best theatre in the colonies. It will be very much larger and more complete in every possible manner than that in Melbourne; there will be the pit, dress circle, uoper boxes, and gallery; the size will be 40 feet by 100 feet in the clear, the depth of the stage 32 feet, and a ventilator in the centre of the cove ceiling, surmounted with a noma — t jmo t-nron icve. Uxtler.— Tho following is the , return furnished by the Colonial Secretary upon the motion of Mr. Robinson, M.C., of tbe: number of exile deported to this district, distinguishing the Penitentiaries from whieh they were drafted, and the vessels in which thev arrived :— No .—Royal George, arrived in tills province 10th November, 1311, with 21 from I'entonville; Sir George Seymour, 20th March, 1815, 17G from I'entonville; fttrathrdrn, 27th January, 1810, 51 front P'-nloaville ; 3faitland, 10th June, 1810. 191 from I'entonville, 30 fsora Milbank, 70 from I'arkhurst — 291 ; Thomas drbufhnot. 5tli May, 1617, 148 from l'cnlonrille, 50 from .Milbank, 90 from I'arkhurst — 268 1 Jotrjih Soames, 21 tit September, 1817, 123 from .I'entonville, 42 lrom Milbank, 84 from Porkburst— 249 1 Marion, January 25, 1818, 89 from 1'enVoaviUa, 80, from jPsrkhurst — 2 A3, ClranA total— Fcnton- Die. ao ; Milbank, 202; ParkJiurst, 3gj. Total , I3GS. A Mischievous Ghost in London. — The whole of lite neighbourhood of Black Lion Lane, Bay water, it ringing with tbr extraordinary occurrences that have re cently happened in lite house of a Mr. Williams, in tho Moscow ltoad, and which hear a strong resemblance to the celebrated Stock well ghost affair in 1 772. Hie house is inhabited by Mr. and Mr. Williams, a grown up son and daughter, and a little girl between ten and eleven yean of age. On the first day the family, wbo'are remark able for their piety, were "started all at once by a mysterious movement among the things in the sitting-rooms and kitchen, nnd other parts of the house. At one time, without any visible ageney, one of the jugs came off the hook over the dresser, and was broken, then followed another, and next day another. A Chins teapot, with the tea just made in it, and placed on the manU'l-piece, whisked off on to the floor, and was immediately smashed. A pewter one, which had been substituted imme diately after, did the same; and when put on. the labia was seen to hop about as if bewitched, and was actually held down while the tea was made for Mr. Williams' breakfast, before leaving for his (dace of business. When for a tuna all had been quiet, off came from it place on the wall, a picture in a heavy guilt frame, and fell to the floar wiffipul being broken. All was now amazement and terror, for the old people are very superstition, and ascribing tl to a super-natural agency, the other pictures were removed, and stowed away on the floor.- l)ot tho spirit of locomotion was not to be arrested. Jugs and plate con tinued at intetvtd to quit their potts, and kin off their hooks and shelve into lite middle of the room as though they were inspired by the marie flute, mud at supper, when the little gin's mug was filled with beer, the mug thded off the table on to the floor. Three times. U was replenished and replaced, and three times it moved off again. It would be tedious to re-late the fantastic tricks whieh have been played upon household articles of every kind. An Kgyptain vate jumped off the table si hen no soul was near, and was smashed. The tea kettle popped off the fire into the gratp as _ Mr. Williams bad filled the trapot, which fell off the chimney-piece. Candle sticks, after a dance on the table, flew off, and ornaments from the shelves and cap- boxes flew about in - the oddest manner imaginable. A looking-glass bopped off a dressing table, followed by combs and brushes and several bottles i and a little pineusaitm lias been rem»i kably conspicu ous for iu incessant jig from one part to another. The little girl, who Is a Spaniard and under the rare of Mr. and Mrs. Wil- lisms, it sup|k>sed by their friends to be tho cause of it all, howrver extraordinary it raiv seem in ooo of her age; but up to" the present time it coutinue a mvstrrv. and i the modus operandi it invisible. — -Vvrninj htei'j to England. — Upon this subject 1 tire Colonial Secretary recently said he rer- ' tainly could not be so sanguine of ti.,- speedy accomplishment of this event as Ire formerly wa, though lie knew iha I hop.- deferred miketli tho heart sick, still ho was in hopes that Wore the end of 1840 steam communication might be es tablished. "The Mainstay of the Revenue."— The colony i greatly depressed at present, ns much o's it ever has-been, therefore it is at best » very unndvisable time lo renew an expensive custom, and one that he be come obsolete. It is not the time to hold out nnv auch hope to the class it is to bene fit. Wo arc just on the eve of a separation from l'ort I'hillip, which has been for a considerable period tho mainstay of the revenue of the colony. — Mr. It entimrth. ToIiacco. — It would appear that the in habitants of New Holland nro "tarnation," iinrd smokers, for wo find by tho Revenue returns that the duty on tobacco iinponcd into New South Wales, amount to £39,000 per annum. Now when it is known that tho population is but 200,000, tome idea may he formed of lite amount of the weed consumed by the smoking portion of the community. SaLARIEIL — The Colonial Secretary in tho course of some remarks upon the cur- rent rate of salaries under government, did not think £400 a year too much for a "first class'' clerk. Wo bcliete there is little intrinsic difference between a " first class" and a " first rate" cavcnimrnt clerk, unless itbein favor of the Intter.undcrwhich denomination comes the Head Clerk of the Melbourne police office, who does not re ceive one half tho salary mentioned by the Colonial Secretary. Consumption op Wheat.— It is an im portant fact, though it has not yet been noticed by any of our contempories, that the yearly consumption of wheat in this country, is 2G, 009, 000 quarters. To make up for the deficiency of the year in tire supply of food, owing to the failure of potatoes, we have imported about 8,000,000, ol an average of 70s. per quarter, which would give a sum of £23,000,000 we have paid In twelve months, chiefly in gold, for foreign corn. Had the average prico of wheal throughout the twelve months been what it was for a part of that time, namely 109s. per quarter, 'and were the overage "of thi year's prices to be about 80s., which it not far from the present prices, the saving to the country in the article of wheat alone, this year, as compared with the last, would be about £500,000 a week, or £2G, 030,900 a-year. At matters promise to turu out, there is ground to hope that the saving er ected in food this year, as compared with the'last, will not bo much under £20,000,000 —a fact which, when the commercial fail ures arc over, and confidence restored, must tell powerfully and beneficially on the prices of the public securities, and of rail- way share.— -Morning Adcet User. Foreign Immigrants. — With reference to tho stops taken by the Colonial Go vernment for the introduction of foreign immigrants, (nymnmt,) the Home Govern ment havo conveyed to Sir C. I'm Rot its approbation of the measure. "Thank them for nothing, say we." If they (the British Government) had conveyed the immigrants at tho same time they conveyed their approbation, wo should have attached more weight to it. Removal op rittwsrns.— a gang of ten priwinera were escorted yesterday from tho ijanl to the steamer SAuoirod,. The 1 escort party consisted of a rorjeiral and ! four private, and two turnkeys from tho prison, who delivered them into the env- tcstly of a constable and a military party of the same force as the escort. On re-eixing the prisoners on board, the guard were ordered by the corporal to loail with ball osrteidge, its the presence of the con lint, who were in-wily ironed and eha-ire.l to gether. . Charlton, Homer, and Jefferv, tire men concerned in the late desperate at tempt at jaii-htcaking, were amoug the number, which included oil the men under going long sentences. A Total Blank. — Yesterday there was not one solitary case in the l'otiee-ofiicc. cither on the watch-house or civil sheets, nor any . application made i the sitting magistrates, therefore, had nothing to sit upon, and as soon as the forms of the Court permitted, Uie bench arose. 