j Ton Ijowis' CoMimTr.t: Rtironr rrox Emigration.— Wc take the following extract from the I-ondau Correspondent of the Jawneetion Kraminer.—" You uasc seen uie iieport Ol treni XI out - eagle's committee. It was hurried toge ther very quietly (not a tingle journal that 1 remember noticing the committee as sitting) just before the closing of Far- hamcnt. Only one man was examined on Van Diemvn's )Andt your Lord Bishop: nnd he rexy hiiefly. Hc was examined on the 21st July — it must have tirrn after the report was written — and on the 22nd the Parliament was prorogued preparatory to the dissolution. The general object of the report la to show the great field which Canada and Australia reacrally present for Irish Emigration. The result will do good. All goes to swell the fame of the Australian regions, and the more emigrants sent to Fort l'tiitlip the better for Van lliemen's Land. Steam must hare made the colonies one general labor matkrt s and the price of labor can never rule higher in one colony thsn in the other. - If In Van Dirmen'i Lind there be any who bsre paid tco highly for their land, either at owners or tenants, and therefore nre lets able to pay for latmur than their neighbours in other colonies, that is a great misfortune — to be deplored certainly, but not to lie rectified by continuing a cheap labour for tbeir express accommodation. The Leads' Committee is only adjourned, and I suppose Lord Montieagle wifl retire it next tcttiun. You must allow me to express a doubt a to the prudence of your late meetings being expressly for discussion — the discussion of prineiptrt ; seeing the nature of your minorities, fhey talk about not bring heard — uonsense"! Of course the great mass of people knee made up their minds on ' the subject to be discussed: nnd as great public meeting cannot be adjourned from day to day, they are naturally Impatient of tdiou-argu- roenU, 1 convince them they ore oil fundamentally in error. They regard them as an imper tinence. Groaning and hissing are em phatic mode of expressing dissent, whirh a sensible man would at once take as a hint to bo silent. Powers! What a tumult I heard when Uawes, your pi event under-secretory, tried to address the electors of Lambeth! Neither liar! Grey nor liswes will attach weight to your pro- conrkt protest— though they mar have undue weight, I eon imagine, with your engineer Governor. James Stephen it at tint moment out or the Colonial Office — having broken a blood vessel in his fare. This will cask some change necessary in that quarter. Yet it may be doubted if far the better: iraless they go out of the office for a soeeeasor. Another Prize Fighter CxcGtrr- — Sinclair, who eras to have fought with Sparket, in the affair on last Wednesday, and whom the Police have been on the look-out for, was on Saturday night appre hended by Serjeant Sownew, on a warrant charging him with on intended breach of the peace. — Sydney lletaid. 1'r.RJrRT. — It mar be recollected that at the December sittings of the Criminal Court, at Sydney, a female named Ruth Jlobinson was sentenced for perjury to two years' imprisonment in Pamunalts Gaol, in which establishment she died on Tuesday last. — Ibid. PURE CURIOSITY. — Charles Barnes and Job Darlington; two graduates of Pentonville, were charged by Dollard the watchhouse keeper, with stealing a box of cigars from the shop of Mr. O'Connor, of Elizabeth-street. About eight o'clock on Sunday evening, while Dollard was passing through Elizabeth-street, his ears were saluted with the startling cry of stop thief! robbery! Marmion's last appeal— " Charge! Chester, charge! " was not more zealously responded to. Dollard instantly rushed to the spot from whence the invocation proceeded, and catching a glimpse of a flying figure, flitting away like a frightened ghost, he pursued the fugitive, who, discovering himself to be chevied, made double post haste owares the Post Office, and half effected his escape over an ad- joining fence, when Dollard, who proved no dullard in the chase, caught him just as he was clearing the rasper, and by the aid of an amateur Jonathan Wild secured his prize, whom he brought back to Mr. O'Con- nor's shop, from which a box of cigars had been abstracted. The thief, who proved to be Barnes, had been observed by a Mr. Horton, who accompanied Dollard with his prisoner to the watchhouse, and in their progress thither they were favoured by the company of Mr. Job Darlington, who gaily smoking a mild Havannah, fol- lowed out of " pure curiosity " but con- stable Leek of the detective force, having joined the party, and Mr. Horton being suspicious that Job was an associate, he was, as an old acquaintance of Leek's, accommodated with quarters in the watch- house. Mr. William Horton, cooper, of Bourke- street, deposed that he was returning home about eight o'clock on Sunday night with his wife and son. On passing Mr. O'Con- nor's shop, he perceived three men, whose movements excited his notice, and he re- marked to Mrs. Horton— " I think those men are after no good. I'll watch them. " Presently one of the three, who answered to Darlington's description, disappeared, and a low whistle was heard, when Barnes stealthily entered the shop, and returned with a box under his arm. He immediately made off up a dark passage, but the wit- ness over-hauled him, saying—" What's that you've got to which he received a practical response in the shape of a smart knock between the eyes, and during his confusion, the thief escaped, and was shortly afterwards recaptured, and brought back to Mr. O'Connor's. Henry Horton, son of the last witness; supported his father's testimony, adding that he found the box of cigars produced in Court, upon the footpath at the spot where Mr. Horton had seized the purloiner. Mr. Edward Keogh deposed, that he was the assistant of Mr. O'Connor, and dispenser of "healing draughts" ; he was sitting in an inner room when he heard a footfall, roused by the ominous sound he reached the shop just at Mrs. Horton entered to tell him that the shop was robbed ; witness rushed into the street, and perceiving some people running dashed off in pursuit, till stopped by a person who — " sound so familiar to his ear." told him " all's right," and he continued the chase until he reached the Post Office, where Dollard and a stranger had secured the bolter, who was brought back to the when Mr Horton identified the ? as one of three who had lurked about the house. Constable Leek of the detective force, proved that he had seen Barnes with Dar- lington and another youth, a few minutes before the robbery, close to Mr. Collins' re- sidence. Barnes was committed for trial, but Mr. Job Darlington, who insisted as strongly upon his innocence as did Mr. Alfred Jingle's sancti- monious flunky pleaded for an investigation into his respectability, and was allowed time to bring witnesses to establish an alibi, who not being forthcoming when the court broke up. Job was committed to durance vile, but allowed bail if he could find it. The lstk IL WiatiETCB, Eva.— It is 1 painful to o Users that the affairs of the ilate Mr. Windercr, the first member for the couuty of Durham, were, at the time of his | decease, so much involved, that hit widow, i as executrix to his estate, has ttgen advised j to place her affairs in the insolvent court, i The debts are set down at £9,800 ; and the ! assets valued at £8,310. Balance of de ficiency, £1,180. — Portland Guardian. The Lieutenant Governor.— IBs Ex- eel let) ey has not yet returned to town from his Southern tour. ' He is accompanied by sundry persons who have to keep their eye# open on visiting the various stations in or der to prevent bring operated upon. The other uay, as Ilia Excellency patted one gang, he wo saluted (behind his baekjwith a lunar, and by. a lot of the young amiable doing the amiable, heel upperraos. On his Excellency's eye, or that of either of bis staff turning, they were all on their feet and looking as aolemn as tie chairman of a Quarter Sessions t turn again, and the beets of these interesting creatures were: twirling iu the air, and all the rest were doing their lunar. _ It wot very interesting, and very instructive too, aud no mistake. — lhJbari Town Britannia. iMMtntUTioN.— Extract of a letter from Istindon, dated iUt December, 1847 " 1 sincerely hope that you Australian! will be satisfied with the manner we are working the Emigration question. > Francis Scott is a host in hireseil, and 1 anticipate ere long, chiefly through his exertions, to forward you a list of committee for . promoting Aurtraliaa Emigreticu, ahith, for respect ability and influence, will be almost without parallel—some six Dukes, thirty Pects. and lots of The TEMrnxo AYecd.— On Sunday evening, about the time' that Mr. O'Connor was pillaged, some adventurous lovers of the Indian weed visited (he shop of ' Mr. C. \V. Rowling, chemist, in Elisabeth- street, and succeeded in purloining a box . of choice cigars, with which ther escaped. Cigars seem to have lately possessed a spe cial ehxrui in the eyes of the children of Autoltcus, but as two. cases of that class we disposed of on Monday, to the great dissatisfaction of the prindpwl parties, the rest of the confederacy may perha|> take tho warning that their proceedings may pmaibly not end in smoke. State or Mrxnornsr Gaol — MnmUy. 1st May, IRIS. Prisontrv for trial — aalo. 15; female. 1. Police cares reminded — male, 4. For other nations to l>e dealt with — males, 1. Lunatics— nialf. Hi fe males, 5. Under sentence of bird IsKju: — males, 26. Fines and confine — males. 30 j females, 4. Detained for hail — mte«. 3 1 Road gang — males, C, Total— mah-s, H'l ; females, 10. Fanct DRESS 11am — -n,„ I Ihe Protestant Hall lmvc "1 piihlir fancy hall in July next i. 'l s clear £100 i„ ,jlp ,,0'csrt, of Y, ' tJ inittce. 4Ve know of nn nmusem a'l .he charge of Peter perVm,, a lenling in "a' things r.-iuhlv '' wed that about nine o'c'. ck'tkat 1 .dtl ie had left hi, shop for , mr,mcn'.rl ""mediately returned t„, an. L i"'! OTs garmg in it ,he whM,,,, j ' i y lf"('.1 on, one of tl,cm l>ox under hi arm, pnitly concealed l-VB due shirt. Hivi-m m'ireiv£" respectable youth,, he enquired' of ft ,3 tonccrnmg a certain !,«, 'tonudnirg wl rad cigars, lying as he still hoped auVS ing distance from the door, wIPA Ihein could discover, and he ictunjcVj MMirch of the suspected couple, raptured Td, on. with his property' Til "h laudable honesty the f.£l readily; surrendered it, allcdgin- th'tH h#« picked it up in tne footiatfj T'im mride 1 very lame defence, nl\ milted for trial. 1 Wl tKl A Goon pRncr.tiKxi.—On Wed last, Mr. 0. Ta)lor, hut a rhrcu» p. S sum of £7, nnd immediate! ndvortucdivB samo in tho Patriot. H wa< on I'li'dirkl presented tn Mr. Lincoln, Draper, frj belll-rtrcet, who immediately document at that adsitlised, commended the presenter to go toui-oriiB Mthc must iikciv person to r-..', ,'.';'i'c ."'f time cantioninghiniat to:lnwe«pe,r.Cb;!i'-, J incurred by keeping it The raanre-ud-'-J the suggestion and the rheipic en ii:7rj covered. "Wc recommend th_> roai-;; I Mr. Lincoln as a precedent to d.oArreB generally, they being the chw »« «h:| most of these " dodges " arcituantcd ,,'J played. ' A Patriot Pittr.sr.— A csnswsj rfl of tho Tifijirrar;/ 1 'inditatir thl piper with the'subjoined hr'..-;-, which took place in the lioard-r-.-,-. Cashel jioar-housc : — ' The ID.t. -9 Ryan, one of the Catholic C i.-ate, cf 9 parish, with difficulty tna !c hit cat um hoard- room of our poor-hcaT, ir.l he ii scarcely within the hosrd rom v'r.n M Frank Mnylond. (a 1'rotestar.t gcr.'.leeil and tho rclioving office: for tnt cf n electoral disi«ions of the uninti.f bcntB after him, and exclaimed. ' Ki'dr: ;! comedown foi a moment, ihepeoj'"; side, looking for relief have hmltn rm porter's Ipdge, and there will he tasriuB you do not try to keep them quiet.' H stanlly the Rev. gentleman replied, '« Chairman anil gentlemen cf the Bauil Guardians, 1 cannot interfere. That rj time when I, or any prii-tl like r.e, v-ffi interfere t hut the lying end srcrcfS members of the Saxon U git'.stirt (u ported in the ncwspaprul hatesdi'J priests interfere only to dt-nounee scd tJ out a victim formanslaugh'.::. Lerdrel ham might have me tried for ar !/: speaking of murder at ail ; arid ai !xr J live I will nesrr again take t!.< UcVJ did heretofore take, to 'ire the lirul opnrcasiie landlords and feeling poor-Law guardians.'" The lixl murders and luui.irro us au suits vinfl y y;:> Art cfl tody charged widi «owe „f the rnec iE eious deeds cornmitti-1 in Irr'.jci ! murder of pcor Mr. IJoyd v.a«pMteduH deed nf conspiracy. Taclve mrshtB been fully comniitlcd to take iheirlralH the offenre; two of them as the icmd M potrators, and the other ten s> before the fact. Three ihrruleniaj W.jM had been left at the residence of tieEl of Clonmcl. I A Yorxo IltRti, .v-xti C.irit'nitoi Brfl RANGERS. — Tho following rehlion zeriiB comment a» an unparallelltJ nraadeva® of genuine courage and diwrcti« ia i It is in the remembrance of every tills end of the island, that Kinguv-t « torn, which is hut four miles from 11: Town, wo infeaied from time to time sfl bushrangers, nd among their ,u notorious Jaekey Jackey, the terror :?> ney as well as of this place; a tea® occasion thia daring marauder and h i tm panionv robbed Mr. White, iui t.-i several flrr-ornis. This te-A cuuU: :« ries have kept the inhabitant, of ' glen in continual fear up to time, and eonsequcntiy tr;ey arret:'.' well prepared fur any u.-.rsxete- On Monday evening t»-t. Mr. B- '': J from home, (and no doabi u " at one of hiv tnen w as pr -rex oze ' - house lowanlt his own tut. he ' ;B by two bushrangers o! " J each being nearly six ftvt ipeh, "1 wise powerful and frlgbtf'ji Tliey instantly Stripped the clothes, and marched him <.o»" ;'3 v 1 dence of Mr. White. The called Master Jstnes M'D-u... -. M'Lcod, late of tw- ll'v-n. fourteen yrars of age, and » ; and delicate, to the J «r. two tnen in yellovr.and the p"''5',) ho concluded whal "'tri'.B snatched up hi« gun. <'i a; pre-i'-- - J bushrangers in a t, n'.. :,:n ' " demanded Mr. Whin-' K, :' pistols, which the s >>»' rJ . 9 The joung Nelu.n. v.,:h tht 9 whistle, ansncted, "I'll i'!t' or I'll blow \o-j throueh W" the captive. Faddy, jtis-k up a M ruffians panly-nl did >» 9 Muule that fellow, ard 1'addv i if 'he o'.i'er 1-P. |; 1 ' V'9 cried lack the Giant- kilb ' ,1 but the other man named him, writh his " ' ' i saw that he meant whs: he rep-- putting a Ji.de three ch to him, Faddy, — if I '> " j. J manage the oilier: atwk In thtv manner, t.n gr»V I .-.'I BMrest watehhouse : aoners refused to »i:k. - J little captain," ' 'c" V. ; y fi-m name, and give pre! you not !» xuit.mf l VllV r in shooting )"ii. J Ii;;'.;;, -e-keiit J oth-. nd th.u:.t«h.:r.a,I.9lJ nivbnient. !.» > ;« p s9 liefare the) ««» - , , ,,-tra The rejvirt the rapture a. . b 'jV B«d i| to charge n.e anvthmg '"j iv-'djl dt and hunting ; fyr ff i ,!! more bu.hrangers. Id h"'|S ,he rM o:ti'e.r., mg -m wrli-uicrilcs! e,ai'il 10 g Ton. i. tunc since wo f®Kt'EfUn;,„rti,rmrnt offering n re- MW f ;ntcl,cnsion of some vngn- fir hr p'„, | . valuable hor»0 from Svbo for the alleged MVf; nL l,is paces. It apnears came and 110 purchaser H :l? i ,nnce, Mr- Dcwmg hegan > '1|1- solnrcd himself with the Mr. Brown might Imrr got ''ti0.a « M on a friend, or got more B--'< in his cc." or anything but , lie however wailed pa- the ilav succeeding his " Dunn 'i nion hut as the " shades of "'jT;' n m fall, he thought he had Brown enough of his con II- H1 1 t' A-n-fute. mounting his hontc; . v.,;, to Mclbnunte, per forming. ( five hours and-a-bnlf. ' Ho . '"f- tin- to he too late. .He Stic-; .Y;, tr»rinz the whcrtabonla of the ; lie Vi'd«ria Inn, where he had l' on 'the previous night with orders H V.! Ft following morning, which .T,r!oaIIv did. and mine Host ; j.chrtcc. (ihiDklngTrom theman'a thst it was " nil right, ) upon fja ILnV, at whieh Insutultonwe , , lUlv sav the drawer had nothing . Hto' ihe balance ngninst , u-echrquc was drawn. He left the Hjlir Lj: not the town) and was the J v,:.. - Boeing it np Brown " at jvi'rtnnon the proceeds or his hypo- K jjjuk balance, when ho svaa ob- , polireaian who srns on tho Hwer him, but not fancying tho in- riLirrs of the " peeler" he quickly u, ,ir down from the Boxes, but H 7t. ihedoorway by his friend from v- vio endeavoured' to grab him, but H unirrvdnl, as Brown easily broke m and vanished, like Paddy's pi manner of streets."' Nothing however, the constable paid a jF-ci; of the hotels, nnd as a last npevlcd to the Crown t" he had cntrred the premises than his s< h: imagines!, upon the " vorv id ""in ibid nai, and hastily retreating xcrr e«:«tsncc. he returned to the Mr. Brown, and was about | the dsrbics, to " make assur- K i-jrc,1' when " Oto ctip wo» fr.ii his lip " hv the ttnwclcomo K.-vs.-c that he hid mistaken his game, in ihe gentic.-nan whose profile he ki-.-.in; with such interest was it Lj'u iqnitter, whose resemblance to Srvwn wis the rause of leading the ioto Lhst exhibition of activity i IL-wsrd of £5, as per adrcrtiso- Esuwtl! cslculstevl to produce. K! Bn'tr.ivoERS. — On WcdncsJay, Much, thnc desperadoes arrived Hi> itvk-ridcr'i lint of the Circular L'. Czaptnv'i station, at tho Hampshire X r,j took sway half a cwt. of flour. R-rk'Woneof them, who immediately Hiii: I'.-v.A-rii'r's piece, shot the dog. Hi d:i Sri hii bnins out; they then Hid cj (h- stoeV-ridera, comTorting He with tb: assurance that they would i Hn lb;m si they hid served the dog if Hi fiK sly ro'.ite of them within three Hi; ih:y plunJeml the hut of what Hpcrl tS»y enh! find, and then left. On Hffits-lsr ltv., the 5th April, the husfik Hpn mile ih»it appearance at the Cifi- Ru ltisl CsnpLsy's station (a distance 41 cdei fmns she Hampshtvsr-TtSll), tdih ws'.chaxn— a constable— ono of spin; ticn wslltrO into Uie hush, made fcicbhh clothes off; and exshangc srilh a; las .Vary Jam, which svaa going HsC-TiUr Hi-id at the lime (about two Hizxii the tnoroing), hailed for n warp j iks-'sr.trr hearing tho ahonting, en- S Hr- t? raxn what he thought the ha informed him that he! Hf»;J :-'i (supposing assistance . had | H-'J;': securcd, the bushrangers t H! struck him on the mouth,) WvLn oath threatenrd to ahoot him. | ten »:it !«ck to the wharf,' and' K8! j I coaniqions. when a consultation I ".f1.1 " 10 whether the watchman ttr c 'c?1' bal ult!m4l»ly coeided on 1 L' .:lc, and then srent off. It is ' l---r intenffons were to have j . 3!-er AlfAn, which vessel had 7 /raa wharf only about an hour ff lnne arrived. Constables : r'rtpitcl aftrr them from Circular! LTtachrnent of police- at waiting for official orders E-icT. ta, c:,'Jr Head on tho same |T_ , ' 6- 'he trashrangers. the man Cflr-j iojured, is reported to bo been shot liy his coos- Town Adrertisrr, In" Hl,t. w.Iln: SfLTts'-s TitK'-ixr.— E, ' ' . C1'"1 5 hneal ileweendLsnt of Bfri. lr' Tartar kl.ans of the Crimea, ir09 o! Katty-Cilr-ray Krim Iti'ti -r r .' !>""n s'U"»g the moun- . r ''d hii sei'iaintanee b>, .n:l,:c,n3r»es led liim to ex- I.. tcv-srehes tn embrace, the In t- . Cl- hi'it-ir. He is srvll known 'n\ studied in Edin- l/.'i', "P' "l L'-nd bis wav to the heart Ibaf-V.V'". "h Britain, who loved | ts x (f3-"' he bad passed, and ae- leCT-d-' to the Cricica in order to ItS,' 3 . P'-"'"4 for the future. A Ifcn.'' ,V"'' id low this marriage. Itiyli pleased to call Ah- lkv-1 -V.r ' i I '". bowers of paradise and liriJiirl''"'!'' a" l tl.i' male line of .r,l"!lc'. 'hf throne falls by |rr-.t I'.t ; -of Gherav. Such an |h?'tL- -r rj'' ,''1,'e : B'i'l. if the grasp. -1 n H exten le-1 to pre- s", and smile at tho I dtt. "''' 'evwll. the ds-seendant I '"'r'i ' .vi 1 to >r ! and the svan- I Lai- iwivats- Sr .ttisb gen- l r.-:v , . ' -:l" "u i.'ie ttiror.e ot the I ® "CLd ,v a I PXMn la s'»'e, I «' j;>;ed from a con- I I'su'e'C 1 tvui'. m Kvtli G'icraT I bt tay ; . liothcn d to his fathers, I , 1 " ft a family to claim his I fr-'i. , r 'hem. as we trust, war- I LbcVa-'i1 his eoniirii„n with au I P "f high rvsjscetability, I ''r- -.j "'-uia'c 1 only 1 . v those who I ,i""' of Gospri-diffosi m. — I -1' C.V' M tTvn between a fab horse I h\l"no ' 4";1 1 IwnT ,,f Mr- I Star. :;rt, "»'. will conie off on the I ClVW." ' ' ' 1:>'C R!« k-f:r "'T'0' » Wvek I - --sToi,, 4|t' in IlunV-trv, at I '''nit-, "f '"Vtced and M-sent.-rn | 't' r p.'o;>eriv was carried " V'M. the burglars we-e P»Hev. but last ,,j j ehirarters. named Wsro lo.!grd in "4 ail tea,. , '"F'vion, and tho hear- DlSTisouistiixr, Flags.— Great delay nnd inconvenience is frequently experienced nt the signal station, from the neglect of the colonial trader to hoist n distinguishing T-., Thev have frequently to be hoarded at Willinmstown before their of s.iiling is knoun, after which the signal is commu nicated to Melbourne by the M'illintmtowii telegraph ; mid ihls frequently enuses u delay, after tin? vessel is nt anchor in the Bay, of sometimes nearly nn hour, before the nercssnry intelligence Is conrcved to MoJbburnc. Cannot the Harbour Master in the absence of a I.egislntivo enactment, remedy this inconvcnienco ? " Outilsok in A Ciiimct! Van n.—l'a trick Fnrrell, wns accused by the Reverend Mr. Thomson with having on Friday last, con- ductod himself in the most gross ntnl dis- gttstiiig manner, in Sf. James Church yard, .during the pcrforraaneo of the funeral service. The defendant by obsceno and blasphemous languaga greatly outraged tho feeling of tho mourner, and the reverend gentleman brought tho. case forward that an example, might bo mode. Forrcll who pleaded that be. had formerly received a wound in his head and was in can.sequcncu of drink unconscious oif. what fie was doing at the time, got off with a severe reprimand, and a fine of 13s., ho having expressed great contrition .and pledged himself to temperance for tho future. A Trunp.nt.tx in Trouble.— The patrons of tho drama in Sydney have been a little astonished by tho incomprehensible- absence of a popular actor named Max- wcll. This star of tho Victoria Thcatro notwithstanding his frequent personi fications of military chiefs anu com mander of armies, wo suddenly reduced from his high estate to the rank of a ! privalo in tho SOtli Regiment— and, obi unhappy fate — a deserter! Tho luckless hero of the stac was nt tho time of his mbfortono bustling about in preparation of his benefit, when ho was 'recognized by an old comrade, nnd given into custody. Ultimately ho underwent the ordeal of a court martini, and was sentenced to be im prisoned for four months in Sydhey gaol. The ci dirnnt actor has been a considerable time on tho Sydney stage, and his benefit was to take place under the patronage of Sir Maurice O'Connell, the lata Com mander of the Force. Court of Requests.— This Court will open this morning at 0 o'clock" sharp. Tho fim ease on the hst Is No. 81, nnd the Com missioner rcstertlny, stated that if parties were not present when the cases wcro called on. he would strike the cause out of the list. BLACK POLICE — A Review of this useful and highly efficient corps, under the com- mand of Captain Dana, was yesterday held, at the Cricket Ground. They went through their evolutions in a most satisfactory man- ner, and with a precision that "Regulars" might envy. They are an exceedingly fine body of men, and are considered by the squatters as the most efficient "protection- ists" they can have in checking the depre- dations of the aborigines. 