LAW INTELLIGENCE. SUPREME COURT.-TÜESDAT. Büt-OEE His Honor Mr. Justice DICKINSON I and a Special Jury of twelve. 0»AirAM (CXECUTOU) V. lnilKBB. AND NOUTON. (l'OURTH DAY). Mr. Lyall (foreman) said, ho had been in- structed'by the Jury to draw the attention of the Court to the serious loss which occurred to the jurymen from being detained day after day, and to state that they considered they were entitled to Some remuneration. Mr, Justice DICKINSON said, that it wns a matter over wliich he had no controul, but if the solicitors of the parties agreed upon any »um to be given to the Jury, he could seo no . objeotion to it : he believed this course was adopted in tho Bank case. It wns intimated thiit some arrangement . would be made by the solicitors. Mr. Want produced a deed for two hundred acres, which he hud received since he gave his evidence, and which was the portion of land referred to by the Solicitor-General as being deficient in the land mortgaged. The SOUCITOK-GENBRAL explained, that through a misapprehension he lind stated that for two hundred acres of tho land said to have been mortgaged there was no title ; this was ' an error, as tho deed produced contained tho land referred to. Mr. LOWE, before going into the case gene- rally, would disposo of one or two technical points. Ho apprehended that the evidence offered on the other side, made the case rest entirely on tho first count, and between, trmt count and the evidence there was a fatal vari- ance. When there is an executed considera- tion eet forth, the parties aro bound to prove it, and they cannot go beyond it. Now, there was no proof whatever that there was a special request made by Barker and Norton jointly to Dr. Graham, indeed it was shown that it was , impossible such a joint request could have been made, nor was there any evidence that Norton ever received any benefit from the transaction. There was no evidence that Norton and Barker jointly invested the money, nor was Norton in any way connected with the investment ¡ anil, thirdly, the evidence had gone to inade- quacy of security only, and it did not follow that because the security was inadequate, therefoie there wns gross negligence on the part of the defendants. And having made these observations, ho would earnestly invite the attention of the jury to tho tacts of the caso. It was ubtial for counsel engaged in causes which had excited much attention, and been much canvassed out of door«, to entreat juries to dismiss from their minds all that they had heard-to discard all the prejudices they had conceived-and to judge tho case only on the evidence. He asked the Jury to do this ; but at the same time he felt that howasaskingan impossibility, for they, as members of the community, not knowing they would ever have to sit as jurors I in the cause, could not, during the last five years, havo shut their cars against rumours most perseveringly circulated, to prejudice the defendant, Mr. Barker ; but he did claim from them, as they hopedto have justice done to them- selves,, that they should not take these rumours- as proof» ¡ but, prejudiced as they must be, exert thoir manly reason, und discard, as fur as possible, tho bias which must be on their minds. Ile charged them to do this, and to listen patiently, and judge fairly the full, complete, and satisfactory answer to this case, which, he would present to them. He " would commence by referring to the , rumours which they must have heard, and i which must have caused a bias in their minds. I It had boen stated, and most industriously cir- culated, that Mr. Thomas Barker knew of his brother's circumstances before he loft England ; that he was- interested in his brother's busi- ness; that his brother was largely indebted to bim; and that ho took the money of his eonstitu-i ' wit, Dr. Graham, and under the flimsy veil of a mortgago upon worthless land, paid debts due from his brother to himself. By the boldness with which he referred to these rumours, the jury might form an opinion that he (Mr. L.) felt strong in the xightcousness of his client's cause, and that he had the means of meeting the whole of these reports. Know- ing how these reports had boon circulated, the jury muit have been astonished ¡it the mildness with which the learned Solicitor General opened his case ; they must have ex- pected that ho would havo opened a case of fraud, not one of mere want of dili . gence ; not that he had negligently invested, but that ha had «ot invested at all ; and he trusted thnt tho facts which the plaintiff, after nearly eight years' delay had been able to bring forward, being so far short oi the reports that had been circulated, would strengthen the evi- dence he should be cnablud to bring before them, and convince them how utterly ground- less those reports were. The evidence he hnd to bring before them was, he believed, com , plute. It was not so full as it would have been had the casa been tried earlier ; but much of it was correspondence and documents. Mr. Thomas Barker was, as, was well known, for \- many years a miller in Sydney, and tho largest purchaser of wheat in the, colony, and Major Mudie, the original proprietor of Castle Forbes, being, as had been stated, the largest grower of wheat in the colony, it would bo seen that cir curnbtances would make them acquainted with each other. Mr. Barker visited the estate of Castle Forbes, he was not confident of the date, but prior to 1836, and formed a most fa- vourable opinion of it, so much so that he reoommended it to his brother, Mr. James ' Barker, as a most vuluablc investment for his family, and Mr. James Barker finally became the purchaser. This, it must be remembered, was in 1836, before any of that artificial pros- perity had taken place which wo have nil had so much reason to rcgref; the supposed value of property had not then been inflated with the enormous quantities of English capital I which nftorwiirds arrived ; credit was good and sound, and the colonists were gradually accu- mulating wealth by the process of healthful industry. At this time Major Mudie received some offence from the Government, he deter- mined not to remain in the land of which he was not permitted "to be a magistrate, and boiling with rage, went to Mr. James Barker to sell this va- lueless property, and Mr. Barker actually bought that which Mr. Boll had told thom he would not accept as a gift in 1840, (when property had much increased in value,) for £7000, which was actually paid for the estate, with about twclvo hundred sheep and one hundred cattle. Mr. Thomas Barker, having what ho considered a competence, deter- mined about this time to retire from business, leaving his mill property with Mr. James Barker and Mr. Hallen, but having no concern with thoir business, neither as a secret partner, nor in any other way : the mill was let to them for £1200 a year ; and, subsequently, another steam engine having been put up and other improvements made, for £2000 a year. This was the rent which Mr. Thomas Barker re- ceived as landlord from that time up to the last two years, that amount having been paid by Barker and Hallen's trustees, and after- wards by the firm of Barker and Larnach, of which Mr. Thomas Barker is himself a partner. With Barker and Hallen Mr. Thomas Barker had no concern beyond re- ceiving the Tent, and to prove this, he would put the whole of Barker and Hallen'« books before them, and Mr. James Barker into tho box, and lot the otherside examine them ; theso books he would observe had always been open to the inspection of the other side, had they been inclined to exnminc them ; but unfortu- nately they did not do so, or probably the case would not have been brought into Court. In IS37, Mr. Thomas Barker being in ill-health went to England, and remained there till 1840. During that timo Barker and Hallen wero hia ngents ; he drew bills upon them, and they re- mitted him cash as they received it, for rents or interest on mortgages, including of course tho rent for the mill ; on the 18th September he returned to tho colony, and on that day, instead of the firm of Barker and Hallen being indebted to him, he was indebted to them, in the sum of £513 upon one showing of the ac- count, and nearly £1100 on another. Mr. Justice DICKINSON enquired whether the plaintiffs pressed any other issue than that of negligence, and upon the SOLICITOH-GENEUAI, replying in the negative, his HÖNOE said there was an end then of the counts for money had and received. ' Mr. I.owB said, that although there was no fraud charged in the opening, there were many insinuations, such-wä " whether they had se- cured themselves he could not say ; ' " when Mr. Barker came back he took to the mills;" " they got rid of a partner for £10,000 ;" this all insinuated something beyond want of dili- gence. Mr. Justice DICKINSON said, that at first the Solicitor-General's opening certainly did sound like charging fraud, but it gradually melted away into a charge of negligence ; the counts for money had and received could only be sus- tained by a charge of fraud. The SoLtciTon-GKNEu.vL could not give up that part of tho' case, that there were other circumstances actuating the defendant than "u straightforward regard to Dr. Graham's in- terests. Mr. Justice DICKINSON ; That is fraud ; if a person investing money looks to other interests than those of tho party he represents, that is fraud. Mr. LOWE then explained some items of an open account respecting land and advances to a relative, by which Mr. Barker was indebted to the firm of Barker and Hallen over £1000, although the amount in the books appeared to bo £¿13. Before going any further, he must invite the attention of tue Jury to the difference of the circumstances of the colony between the time when Mr. Barker went to England and when he returned.' Two English Banks had been established, and the Loan Company was also in operation, and money showered into the I country like rain ; the colony remained as it was ; there had been no material addition to the population, but the moncv had increased until it had become a druT. The case w as ex- actly the reverse to what it is at present ; now it is difficult to íaise _ money on the most valuable property ; then property of any de- scription would realise almost " any amount that could be asked for it ; and so it always has been and always will be where there is more money than a country re- quires. Another cause of the increase of money was, that people in England having formed a high opinion ot the value of Austra- lian investments, a number of them, like thcun fortunatogentleman whose case was before them, sent out capital to be invested, and thus this mania was fed by its own effects. It required no great philosophy now to si-e, what was then seenbut by few, even if it waa seen at all ; but at any rate the bearings and influences of these various circumstances would hardly be seen at once by one who had been for several years out of the colony. On his urrival, Mr, Barker was anxious to lose no time in invest- ing Dr. Graham's money : the correspondence that had been read s'howed them how im- portant it was to him that it should be in- vested speedily; but, said the Solicitor General, " see with what indecent hurry j the transaction was carried on." But what I were the facts, why in August, but a week or two before, twelve hundred acres of this land had been sold for £8000, and the titles had been most satisfactorily made out ; and the solicitor for Mr. James Barker was Mr. "Norton, the solicitor for Mr. Thomas Barker, and was well acquainted with the case. On tho 5th October tho money was invested. It had been thrown out that Mr. Barker then know that hi¿ brother was insolvent, and that he carelessly threw away Dr. Graham's money ; but he would show from tho best evidence, that of Mr. James Barker himself, that he had no idea he was insolvent ; that he was carrying on business calling for an outlay of £1000 per day ; that ho paid away, between the arrival of his brother and the day that ho called a meet- ing of his creditors, upwards of £55,000 ; that there was in store wheat and flour equal to i 1000 tons, which, at the market price, was £40,000; but which, when he called his credi- tors together, was worth only £20,000, showing a loss upon that one item of £20,000 ; he would show that ho never re- newed a bill, never;had a cheok dishonoured, and that he was in good credit. His learned, friend had spoken, a« if in November Mr. James Barker wag insolvent in the sense now applied to the term ; but that was not the case. Having found that his property con tinued to depreciate from that fatal turn which then took place, and has continued ever sinco, he colled liis creditors together, who, appointed trustees, not "to pay a dividend, but to work the estate as a solvent one, and endeavour to pay all ; and it would be shown that the trustees realized from the firm estate upwards of £33,000. If anything were wanting to show the value of the Castle Forbes estate, it would be that the trustees, Messrs. Lamb and Grose, he left Mr. Thomas Barker out a» an interested party-thought so highly of it, that they poid the first half-year's interest not only on Gra- ham's £0000, but on Barker's £5000, in order that they might keep the equity of redemption for the benefit of the estate of Barker and Hallen. When it carno to the second half year, things continuing to get woree, they de- clined doing so, but affairs wore a very differ- ent aspect then. His learned friend had com- mented with great severity upon Mr. Barker's letter, stating thal he had taken a second mort- gage, as if it were intended to deceive Dr. uratiam; but Mr. Barker did take tho second mortgage, and Mr. Lamb and Mr. Grose, in paying tho interest, showed that they considered he wai justified in doing so. Could Mr. Barker have taken a better mode of show- ing his opinion of the value of tho security than by taking a mortgage of £5000 after Graham's? If an agent was asked if he would advance £500 of his own monoy as a secondary mortgage for every £600 of his constituent's money which he invested, would any one take an agency under such circumstances ? And yet that which no agent would for a mo- ment think of doing, Mr. Barker had done for Dr. Graham. But he would carry the case further than this : as fraud had been in- sinuated, ho would show what had become of the monoy-not only of the £6000 of Dr. Gra- ham's, and £S000 of Mr. Barker's, but of £0000 more which Mr. Barker had advanced ; he would show that nil this went to meet Barker and Hallcn's liabilities, and that not ono sixpence ever went to Thomas Barker. He would express his regret, a regret that was felt by his client, that he lent the money to his brother at all : had ho had more time for re- flection, or had he been aware of the state of the times, he would not have done it ; it was, perhaps, a foolish thing to do, and advantage of it had been taken to circulate rumours to the great preju- dice of the defendant, in order that the case might not be tried in Court, but in taverns, and at the corners of streets, and that a Jury might go into tho box merely to embody a ver- dict formed out of doors on unfounded ru- mours ; but he called on the Jury to get rid of the impressions caused by those rumours, and to try tho cose fairly as it was presented to them. It had heen'thrown out that Air. Hal- len lind been got rid of for £10,000; ho scarcely knew what was meant-there was such a shadowy imputation that he could not grasp it j but so-far from Mr. Hallen receiving ono farth- ing to quit the concern, Mr. Hallen had drawn £10,000 from the concern in three years, for his private expenses ; and when the partner- | ship was dissolved, he was not called upon to refund any portion of that amount ; but he received nothing. If Mr. James Barker intended to fail, it was his interest to keep Hallen in the concern; he had large personal property, which would of course bo available ; but he had left the firm, | and when the trustees first met they looked only to the private estate of James Barker, and it was not until afterwards that Hallen was drawn into the vortex. He would now invite the attention of the Jury to the corres- pondence : it had been commented upon by the Solicitor-General, who had very carefuUy selected what ho thought would tell against Barker, and passed by the rest, It was said that Barker's letter showed that ho took the management of "this v investment out of the hands of Edwards and Hunter, and the in- ference was, that ÍCwas a good thing, and Mr. | Barker wanted to keep it all to himself. Now, look nt the letter : what did it say ? "I think it an excellent arrangement that the deeds be left in my hands, and shall most cheerfully perform She duty of custodien . * I could almost wish to see you one* minute about ten o'clock ; for although I am still as confident as before in Edwards and Hunter, yet when your man of business. says « they are persons in business,' whioh. is .true, and when I look at your very large and fine family, and that as you say it were your all for them, I am almost tempted to allow my self to be put in nomination," &o.; The turn given to this letter was that Mr. Barker wanted to have the management of the money, to get rid of Ed wards and Hunter ; but who oh lectedtoEdwardsandHunter? NotMr.Barker, he originally recommended them ; hw opinion of them was as favourable as ever ; but Sr. Graham's man of busines objected, because they were in business, and then Mr. Barker yielded to the application . to be named himself. It was very easy to, warp thisietter by a little perverso ingenuity into an attempt to get the rooney into his own hands, but did it fairly bear'1 any such, construction ? With regard to the investment, Mr. Barker lent £6000 of the money for five yea« upon the security of .property ¡worth double the amount. As to the security being adequate, this was the burthen of the caséi He apprehended that the criterion of value must bo the market value of the land at the time the money was lent. How they were to arrive at the market value might be a difficult question, but that was the ques- tion for- the Jury to try. Was the estate of Castle .Forbes, in 1840. an adequate security for tho money lent? < (Mr. Lowe cited Wardell v. Carter, 7 Symons, 497, and Sugden's V. P. 452, in support of this position). When he tendered his evidence there might be a conflict between him and his learned friend as to the mode of proving the value, but however they might be restricted in evidence, the question would be, what was the market value ? There is a great difference between this colony and longland : large bodies move slowly, and it takes gTeat force to move them at all, while very little force moves small bodies. In England fluctuations in price are not frequent, here they have been innumerable, and the only way of fixing the worth of a tiling is to know its market value at any particular time. It might be negligent to lend £600 on a property in 1848, which it would havo been quite justifiable to lend £10,000 on in 1840. If this were not so, how would it bo possible for any person to invest money as an agent, unless he were prepared to show that at a certain time tho security yielded a rent or pro- fit equal to the interest ? But in this colony that would be impossible. Bent does not exist until all the first quality lands are occupied, and the second begin to come into use, and then rent is the difference in value between the two. Here, where there is so much good land that for centuries it will not all be occupied, there can be no rent, and the only way of estimating value is the market value. With respect to the value, he would prove that Mr. James Barker received £6900 for one-fourth part of the, estate, and if the Jury gave a verdict against Mr. Barker on the ground that there was no rent, there will not be an agent in tho colony who has lent money on country land that cannot be condemned on the samegrounds. He wouldahowthat Castle Forbes was the largest wheat growing farm in the colony ; that at the time of the mortgage there was 350 acres of growing wheat, and that the wheat from that crop actually yielded £2000 ; he would show the cost of putting it in ; he would show that the average price of wheat for the preceding six years had been seven , shillings a bushel, and that the clear profit'of the estate was £1000 a year. The defendants were only agents- they were not prophets ; they did not know that from 1840 to 1846 there would be a succession of bad seasons, but the question they hod to ask themselves was, was the land then worth £6000 : was that its market value ? He would show that whether there was puffing or not £6900 was actually paid for a portion of the estate, and he would remark that Mr. Dangar withdrew his case when they were prepared to( meet ' him on the question of puffing, but neither Mr. Dangar, Mr. Peter Macintyre, nor Mr. John Larnach, were people likely to be puffed out of their money, for valueless property. There would bo, he feared, some ' difficulty in cpnsequcncc of Mr. John Larnach's absence, from home, but he should be able to show that ' previous to the sale, Mr. John Larnach offered £16,000 for the property, which was refused. To return to the letter. The Solicitor-General, said that the money was locked up for five) i . years, but was that so ? the interest was pay-1 j able quarterly, and upon non-payment "the i mortgagee, upon giving three months' notice, could sell tho estate; and this had been ac | tually done, and the estate was put up for sale m 1842, and if it had not¡ been depreciated in value, Dr. Graham would not have lost a single farthing ; and his Honor would tell them that the defendants were not answerable for any depreciation that took place. How were defendants to bo answerable for the British Go- vernment withdrawing convicts, and not send- ing free labour in its place ?-for their raising the price of land to such on extent that there were no purchasers, and no land fund?--for the heavens conspiring against us and no rain fall- ing?-and, as if to put a finishing stroke to our ruin, the Government authorising a system of almost giving away land, whereby that which had been purchased was rendered almost value- less? Had it [not been given in evidence that land where Mudie fed twelve hundred, sheep would not now be looked at, because parties can send their flocks two or three hundred miles to better land which they can get for no- thing. For all these things the modest request of tin: plaintiff was that the defendants should be made responsible;, they were to be held liable because,thero waa 'no labour, be- cause ' tho seasons , were bad, because it had pleased |h*, Government alter selling the land near tho,sea coast at a high price, to give away, in one grand donation, all the rest. The next sentence in Mr. Barker's letter was, that one-fourth of the estate had been sold and realized £8000, and the best part with the improvements remained. Ho did not know how far the evidence would have^ borne the last assertion out, but it would be re-f numbered that the first question on valufc which he put to Mr. Helenus Scott, (whee looked to him' liko the ghost of the old landf ey8tem) was objected to by tlie learned Sc-lici-" tor-General, who would not allow any ques- tion as to the value of land not contained in tho mortgage. It appeared, however, that Mr. Dangar, for 79 acres not cleared, gave £1500, and it was not an unfair presumption that Major Mudie cleared the best portion of his estate. But the evidence they would give of the land would be very different from that which had been given ' on the other side ; it would be shown from a careful survey what was the quality of any particular section, and it would be seen that when Mr, Barker stated the best land re- mained he had correct information. But, said the Solicitor General, why if Mr. Barker believed this did he not lend tho whole £10,000} and the answer was, 'because from his great anxiety for his consti- tuent, for more abundant caution, he only lent £6000, which, seeing that it was " unencum- bered and of sufficient value," he thought a secure investment, and Messrs. Lamb and Grose thought so too. He next came to Mr. Barker's assertion, that he consi- dered himself and property amenable to Dr. Graham for the full .amount. This ho did consider waa. .¡most , honorable of Mr. Barker, and, ¡ if, the circumstances of the colony had; remained as they were, tho promise would no doubt» have, been redeemed. Mr. Barker, most anxious, that Dr. Graham should suffer no loss, not because he was con- scious of any negligence, much less fraud, but because ho felt great compassion and sympathy for the unfortunate gentleman, and they must all do that when they saw the little fortune of a man accumulated by a long life of honorable industry, shipwrecked as this had been ; and a «melancholy thing for any one was it to be in anyway the instrument by which it was brought about. But if Dr. Graham had been here him- self, with his man of business, and the whole faculty of Edinburgh at his bock, could he have invested money in 1840, without incurring loss, whether he invested in land, bank stock, or in any other manner: Did any do sor Is it not an every day occurrence, to see people who invested "money in 1840, who have not only lost their capital, but been ruined by the liabilities which became attached to them ? Has not land, after large sums spent in improvement, been abandoned to avoid quit rents ? How could money have been invested without loss? But there was another letter from Mr. Barker, written in August, 1842, a time when, from the continued failures, even the most solvent trembled for fear they Bhould be drawn into the vortex ; and yet in the face of all this, Mr. Barker made an offer of the ' most liberal, the most honourable description. Ho proposed to take the Castle Forbes pro- perty, to give Dr. Graham a mortgage upon it, and, for additional security, to give his pcr aonal bond, payable in four years, for the whole amount, and interest at five per cent., and he actually apologised for the small rate of inte- rest on account of the heavy loss, but that in t terest he did remit. He had no wish to reflect ' upon Dr. Graham, but this offer he would i snow was not retracted by Mr. Barker, dark and gloomy as the times continued, until it was repudiated, he would not say with scorn, but as altogether inadequate. On the 20th October, 1843, Dr. Graham wrote in reply to this noble offer, as follows :-"My dear Sir, "The expectation of receiving a letter and re- mittance from you, as stated in my short note of the 28th ultimo, was founded on the remit- tance being due, and your letter of the 4th , March, in which it was promised. . * . It gives me pain to inform you that in conse- quence of tho utter failure of all my prospects, , in reference to my Australian investments, I am now compelled to require you to fulfil your guarantee to me, so often expressed in your correspondence. I trust you will at once admit the justice of my claim, and give mc, in terms of your promise, security for the loans which you made in my name to Mr. Sparke and your brother. I trust you will not be displeased with me for saying that I can- not agree to accept your personal bond ; and as you are fully aware that I em- barked my money under your advice, on the faith of heritable security, I hope you will not , , think I act harshly in addition to my securi- ties over Sparke's property and Castle Forbes ,-« mortgage extending BO widely over your own estate as to give perfect security even in the depressed state of the colony, for the full amount of my principal, with interest at the rate charged by the Australian Loan Company, which you know is less than that to which your guarantee extends. I beg you will give the securities on Castle Forbes and Sparke's properties to my son Robert, to whom I have written as my attorney, to arrange with you the details of the security I require from you. , My requiring Robert to act is in compliance with your wish to be relieved from the manage , ment of my affairs, expressed in your letter of 4th March. It is with very painful feelings. I do with great truth assure you, I am obligea to write this letter ; but all that you know of the importance of this subject to me leaves me no alternative, in the discharge of my duty to my family, as I cannot but hope you will see and acknowledge." That was the answer which was given to Mr. Barker's most liberal and handsome offer ; yes, . in the then state of the colony Mr. Barker was asked to give a mortgage over his property, , and pay ten per cent, interest ; he was not instructed as to the state of Mr. Barker's affairs at that time, but he could hardly, look- ing at his other engagements, have felt himself justified in locking up a largo portion of pro- perty in the way proposed. It would be seen, too, that Mr.Barkers offerwas to take Castle Forbes and make what he could of it, giving to Dr. Graham a mortgage over it, and his personal , bond ; but this was not for a moment enter- tained ; Dr. Graham would not let Castle Forbes be touched, but must have additional security over Mr. Barker's property. That letter showed how it was the parties were be , lore the Court. Anxious to compensate Dr. Graham for his loss, not for negligence, ., , for that ;had never been imputed, not be- cause there had been fraud, forait had never been even insinuated ; but out of mere sympathy and kindness of feeling, Mr. Barker mad« the liberal offer they had * heard, and that being refused they could go no further, and it now remained to be seen whe-. ¿ther the plaintiff; couW.wring byjfbrceof-law*1 :that which when oïfercd wa» repudiated with tscom. He would now offer one or two word»'; 'on the evidence. They would »ee by the map that there were two roads on the estate, and persons formed their opinion of the estate from what they saw while riding along those roads, whereas ho would show unless they diverged from the roads they could see very little of it ; and one of the roads, it would be observed, only just touched thecorner. As to Mr. Bell's idea of the value of the estate, the jury might form their opinion of it-the worst land ho estimated at. 5s. an acre,-tho best at half a-crown, and then declared he would not take the whole as a gift ; had he been a little more consistent in his zeal his testimony would have had more weight. It must also be remembered that part of this road, which had been described as running through bad land, actually passed the land for which Mr. H. Dangar gave £20 an acre. But on tho question of value, ho would show to them the calculations of au intelligent gentleman u= to what the estate actually would at tlmt time have yielded ; and it would be seen that the estate could be worked.at a large profit. Since then assignment has been discontinued, and no one thinks of agriculture on a large scale ; farming has gone gradually into the hands of small settlers. With respect to water, he would show that independent of the river frontage, there were many water-holes which had never been dry. Mr. Gaggen, their own witness, admitted that some parts of the cstute were very good, and that others were not so good, and that was the Case ; there was a great deal of food land, as they would show. Mr. Henry Jangar, no doubt, a good judge, bought two I allotments at £20 an acre, and after his note for the deposit had became due, and he had obtained time for its payment, wanted to buy a third ; no doubt when land began to fall in value he did want to puff his name off the auctioneer's book, but the wicked contrivances of a court of law prevented him. He would show that one thousand acres of land was good -that five hundred acres of it werecleored and fit for cultivation, and had been cultivated when the growth of wheat oflered a lucrative employment for capital ; the buildings on the estate were comfortable, and had not fallen into ruins, as had been stated, but were burned down ; that the paddock behind the terrace, if not good land, was sufficiently so for Major Mudie to feed a dairy of cows on it; that there was a large quantity of fencing; that, although the river frontage had been sold, roads to the river were preserved ; that the land that was sold, some of it as high as £20 on acre, was not cleared, while that which was reserved was : that the wheat grown on the estate in the year it was mortgaged sold for £2000 ; and that if there were no rents it was because it was inconsistent with the laws that regulate such things that there should be. Iii therefore, they wero driven to the narrow point of inadequacy of value, they had a most triumphant caso ; but then there was the question of gross negligence: mere inadequacy of valuo would not prove negli- gence : where was there any e\ ¡dence of it? the other side had given none, and spell Mr. Barker's letters through and through, was there any hint from which it could bo inferred ? was thero not evidence in them of a contrary tendency? He had one point to address them on which was of u more technical nature ; the Jury must find that there was a joint promise by Barker and Norton, or there was no promise at all ; that thero was a joint taking, or there was no taking at all ; that there was joint gross negligence, or no negligence at all. He had confined him- self to Mr. Barker's case because there was no evidence against Mr. Norton beyond Mr. Barker's admissions and the fact of his having signed joint accounts. But would that prove a joint request to Dr. Graham? would that make Mr. Norton agent for all purposes? Barker's admissions were no evidence against Norton until it was shown that they had jointly acted as agents. Then wero they evidence against Barker without Norton? certainly not ; they could be no evidence if they were not evidence against the parties jointly. He apprehended that on this view the letters must be laid out of the case, and then what remained? Why the evidence of a certain number of people who had seen a certain number of trees and certain buildings, and of some whom had bought land at prices, which, if the whole had been sold at, would have paid off Dr. Graham two or three times, and yet on this the Jury were called upon to find negligence so gross as almost to amount to corruption. If upon such evidence as had been given, the Jury should find for the plaintiffs on the ground of inade- quacy of value, he would say, let all who have acted as agents in the investment of money in country lands, join hand in hand, and go into the insolvent court at once, and their creditors with them, for they would be applying to such transactions the test of rules in a new country, which are only applicable to an old one. After the British Government has been taking pains to ruin us in gross, juries, by acting on such principles would ruin us in detail. On the principles suggested by the other side, every investment in country lands in the colony would be inadequate, and the agents liable for the amount. He stood before them deeply interested, for a gentle- man who had been long and systematically maligned, and whom, on his conscience, he believed to be innocent ; but he felt more inte- rest on account of the important public prin- ciple that was involved. If people, attracted by high profits and high rates of interest, send their money here for investment in prosperous times, they must take their chances of the re- verses in disastrous times ; and agents who have acted honestly, fairly, and uprightly, are not to be fixed with the consequences when re- verses come. One point he had omitted, when the accounts were signed by Barker and Nor- ton they were no longer attornies for Dr. Gra- ham, David and Robert Graham having been appointed by their father. The amount in- volved in Ulis case was considerable, but it was not on this ground alone that he appealed to them, for his client would sooner lose half his fortune than sit down under the imputa- tions that had been cast upon him ; ho conjured the Jury to look well at the evidence, to see whether there were causes for the suspicious that had been entertained, and to give the de- fendant fair play. ^ t(t, ? Mr. MICHIE, for the defendant Norton, then 'aädressed,.the Jury, Hoaaidf'that although ho felt' no" necessity on" behalf of his own '.client, .personally, to repeat the caution to the Jury against prejudice or slander, he yet begged them to bear in mind his learned friend's observations upon that subject, as well for the sake of justice to his client, as for the reason that such reports' and misrepresenta- tions as had been referred to, might indirectly, operate also against Mr. Norton. His learned friend had cone so' fully into tho facts, that he (Mr. Michie) would not weary them with . another recital of tho same matter. Ho should therefore at once call their attention peculiarly to the language of the issue they had to try : that issue on which, and upon the evidence alone, altogether independent of every rumour, every report they had heard elsewhere, they were bound by their oaths and by their consciences to pronounce their verdicts. Topics had been introduced in tho opening of this case by his learned friend the Solicitor General, fitted no doubt well enough to bolster up a weak case, but which of themselves had absolutely nothing to do with it, and could operate in no other way than to minister to u most abominable prejudice. His learned friend wondered what the people of Scotland would think of the defendant's (Mr. Barker's) sense of justice. What had this to do with the question to be tried? Tho Jury were sworn to decide according to the evidence, and not according to the men of Edinburgh. The one, the true, the only question was, had tho defendants been guilty of gross carelessness and negligence in making this investment ? If the Jury could be of opinion, upon such evidence as they had heard, and would hear, that the defendants were fairly chargeable with such gross carelessness and negligence, no doubt, under the direction of His Honor, a vordict must go for tho plaintiff. If otherwise, for the défendants. Now, in what way had Mr. Nor- ton become connected with this transaction ? He (Mr. Michie) would take the first exhibit, -tho note from Mr. Barker to Dx. Graham, dated from Moray-plucc, Edin- burgh, the noto ' in which Mr. Barker refeis to the power received by him, and con- sents to take upon himself the trust, provided Mr, Norton were joined with him for the pur pose of carrying it out. Mr. Norton was de- scribed in that note, in those laudatory terms, which, although doing no more than justice to him, he would not wish repeated, as indeed Mr. Norton's character so well earned through so many years of trial required no support from him (Mr. Michie) that day. The production of that letter against his client, almost the first piece of evidence in the case, of itself showed how peculiarly hard was this whole case upon him. Mr. Barker was Dr. Graham's friend in Edinburgh. Mr. Norton and Dr. Graham had never seen each other. Dr. Graham having no knowledge of, placed no confidence in Mr. Norton. Why then was ho associated in this trust? Merely that Mr. Barker might have some one to consult with, some one who might act in the event of his death. Hero was a duty then cast upon these twodefendants, and almost thrust upon ono of them, a duty to bo performed by them without reward, commission, or com- pensation of any kind for their trouble. What had Dr. Graham a right to expect-what had his representative, the present plaintiff, a right to expect or exact from tho defendants under such circumstances? Certainly not the in- tense degree of attention, so to speak,-the large and unbounded responsibility, which ap- peared to be insisted upon by his friend the Solicitor-General. This was a duty to be per- formed without pay. The contravy had been asserted, but the assertion was unsupported by evidence ; and was, indeed, inconsistent with the fact. He would now proceed, under the correction of his Honor, to state the law of agency, as applicable to the circumstances of the present case. The law recognised, and in- sisted upon, what common sense must recog- nise and insist upon, at the mere sugges- tion, a wide distinction between paid und unpaid agents. To the former a larger and much heavier responsibility attached than to the latter. An agent without compensation was liable only for gross carelessness and negli genoe ; and he (Mr. M.) was much mistaken if the Jury did not ratify that distinction by their verdict. Here Dr. Graham had, whether wisely or not, was not the question, whether from penuriousness or not, or from any other cause, was altogether beside the mark-trans- mitted his money from one side of tho world to the other-from a large and steady market to a comparatively small and fluctuating one, to be invested by agents in mortgage. If they ac- cepted the charge, doubtless a duty ' -ose, but what duty, the Jury, with the law most clear and precise on this head, for their guide, must decide. His learned friend the Solicitor-Go neial, in his opening, had said that although the eircumstances under which the two de- fendants carne before tho Court were different, Mr. Norton must be liable, because, forsooth, he might have prevented what had taken place. Prevented what ? Prevented a mort-. gage security being taken, which in 1848 was not so valuable as in 1840. With all due sub- mission to his learned friend, the law was not so. If it were, the law would contradictorily cost upon an unpaid agent to prevent, under all circumstances, what the law did not exact, nor profess to exact, from any unpaid agent. If the law were as stated by his learned friend, what would be the consequence ? Why, that upon the flimsiest ovidence of a joint contract to invest, the Jury might, upon the actings of one only of the defendants, find the joint breach laid in this declaration. If, under the direction of the Court, so lamentable a consequenco could follow, as that a verdict must be returned against both defendants jointly, upon the act- ings of only one, an innocent, nay, a most at- tentive and assiduous agent, might be fixed by verdict with a charge of gross carelessness and negligence. If, therefore, the Jury should see, upon tho evidence, that only ono defendant had been chargeable with any degree of neg- ligence whatever-and he inferred negligence against one only for the sake of argument and that they could not fix the party whom they thought liable, without also involving one whom'they must think altogether free from Marne,-a verdict, be submitted, must be re- turned in favour of both defendants. But ho would maintain that there was no case against either. Let them look at the evidence of Mr. Dangar, and also attend to what further evi dence would be given by other purchasers at the sale in 1840. Some of that evidence he (Mr. M.) might have excluded. But ho had admitted it, as his client was anxious to admit everything which would really throw light upon the transaction. Mr. Dangar had said, that he had bought thelots at a public auction, paying for one £18 per per aero ; for another, as much as £22 10s. pet acre. True, the same gentleman had said» that puffers wero employed ; and that, on this ground, ho had refused, until compelled, to completo his purchase. He ( Mr. Michie) did not caro whether puffers had or had not been employed ; and about that, ho would say a word presently ; but, for his part, if he had walked into au auction room Rt that time, had beheld the impresnivc figure, and port, and presencoof Mr, II. Dangar, with thutvound und authoritative volco to boot, bidding such sums, he (Mr, M.) could never havo doubted thac the land must bo worth the money. Bus it was possible thnt even Mr, Dangar, like mon other person1» in those days, might havo boen tile victim of his own over confidence in the state of things existing at that time ; misfnt havo supposed thnt the price of lnnd would continue to advance. Hundreds of others had entertained n similar conviction, and probably, like Mr. Dangar, had lived to regret that they did not then dec further into futurity. But ilia Solicitor-General would say that they ought not to have been deceived. They ought not to have given these fanciful and spéculative prices ; they ought to have been more correct in their calculations ; ought to have seer, into fu- turity ; ought to have known to what danger they were hastening. It was easy for any body to bo as wise as this after the event; but who had ¡>uch wisdom before it r Would the Jury say a man was to be found guilty of gross careless- ness and negligence, for not possessing such wisdom, at such timo ? Who, in those dis- astrous years had not suffered in some shape or other? He recognised many colonial faces on that Jury, which he had been in the habit of seeing for the last six or seven years, and he would stake something upon the fact, that thorn were tow among them who liad not bitter rea- son to remember tho times of which lie spoke. If it were not lots l8 or 21, it was perhaps steamers, or companies, or something else, which disposed of ready money as well. It was idle indeed to argue at length, a truth in oDvious to all. Most men took their opinions upon trust from others. Notvery many thought at nil for themselves. _ isEill fewer c.vnraiut-d very deeply into the principles of things ; and in the main, even the most sagacious and peno tnitin? intellects, influenced by the society in which they wero placed, became at length " subdued to the very quality" of the opinions, by which they were surrounded. Cowper had somewhere suid, and how much truth there was in it, every observant man would acknow- ledge, " that if you wero to tell a man tho same thing every morning at breakfast timo, for' twelve months, he would at last come to think of it exactly as you do." Such is the effect of repetition and continuous impression. Who then could wonder at tho opinions of 1840 ? Who would be so unjust as to exact from another, greater wisdom at that time, and still | less punish him for not possessing it. than he | was conscious of possessing himself? Mr. Norton, like other men, had believed the evidence of his sences. He could not walk along George-street, but from every auction room his cars were ass-ailed by the sound of land sales. In his own oilio.e wero deposited at the time the very accounts- of i this very sale of the Castle Forbes estate, from I which ho could not but bo forcibly impressed | with the valuo of the remaining three-fourth» I of a property, one-fourth of which had realised so large a sum of money by public competition. But this was by no means all that Mr."Norton had before him to Batisfy him of the goodness of tho Castle Forbes security. The wheat crop of tho very year of the salo was so valuable, that it realised, even at tho reduced prices pre- vailing when it was brought to market, some- thing very close upon two thousand pounds. But his friend might exclaim-"of whatau ! thority were tho high prices paid, if thero I was puffing? " To this, he (.Mr. Michie) had a short, and for his.client, a con | elusive answer. So far as he could under - ! stand the operation, as described by tho wit I nesscs, puffing, in the ßtrict meaning of the l term, did not seem to have taken place at all ; ¡ and Mr. Kemp did not know but thal he woe a iona fide bidder. But puffing or no puffing, I he cared not. If there was no puffing, there was an end of the matter. If there was puffing, his client, Mr. Norton, was deceived by it, as well as Mr. Dangar. But the Soli- citor-General appeared to nave attributed the high prices in some degree to the long credits of five and ten years, according to the amounts of the purchases. But he forgot also to mention, that on unpaid monies, in addition to the twenty per cent, deposit, interest of ten per cent, was payable, which by itself afforded the sincerest evidence-evidence derivable from the most sensitivo part of man, his breeches pocket-of the deep" conviction entertained by tho purchasers, that at any rate, tho land which they had bought would retain its then value at least for the next ensuing ten years. Was not all this very much more than sufficient to satisfy any man, that Mr.. Norton could not for a moment be chargeable with any degree of carelessness or negligence whatever ? I But even this was not all that Mr. Norton had. to satisfy him, that this money was well se- cured. His learned friend Mr. Lowe had stated, and doubtless it would so appear, that at the time of this mortgage being taken, the firm of Barker and Hallen had never been sued, liad never dishonoured a bill, were in ex- cellent credit, and were actually about that time disbursing in their busincss'ns much, a» a thousand pounds a day. They stop payment, no doubt from causes which perhaps no man foresaw, and which even this gigantic concern could not resist ; but the subsequent large pay- ments, and the final dividend of six shillings in the pound, showed that theirs was no ephemeral or hollow linn, undeserving of the confidence of Srudcnt men of business. ' What then was Ir. Norton to do under all these circum- stances? Was he to go creeping and whis- pering about among merchants and men of business, without any the slightest apparent cause for suspicion, begging to be informed whether money might be lent safely to Mr. James Barker ? Did any one act thus? Could mercantile business be thus' transacted r Tho very suggestion was ridiculous. But ptrhapâ tho Solicitor-General might contend that Mr. Norton ought to have visited, and made him- self acquainted with the property; that he ought to have J left .. his office and professional business in Sydney, in order to examine tho . estate. If he had done that, who waa to pay him ? If he had done that, with such proof as he already had of the value and the crops of the estate, would ho not have shown himself a fool, and have como back to town the laughing-stock of all who knew him? He (Mr. Michie) would not further detain them upon this part of the caso. Ile would only repeat that it was ono of the very hardest n professional, or any other man, hail ever been culled upon to meet ; a charge issuing out of events now nearly eight years old, the evidence of measure, dissipated and lost, and after tho plaintiff had taken to the estate, and waited to see probably, how any changes in the wide interval might make it worth his while to stick to, rather than reject the property. The learned counsel would now crave the most earnest attention of the Jury to the words of one of England's wisest Judges-the Lord Chief Justice Abbott, in his judgment on th*j case of Dartncll o. Howard, reported in tho 1th vol. ofB. and C. The action was brought under circumstances very similar to those of tho present case. " Can wo say," says His Lordship, " that it is the absolute duty of any person so employed, without pay, and without remune- ration ; can we, under those circumstances, say that it is the absolute duty not to take a secu curityofaninsufficient nature?" Thoonly duty that is imposed under such a retainer arid employment here mentioned, is a duty to net faithfully and honestly, " and not to be guilty of any gross or corrupt neglect, in tho discharge of that which he un- dertakes to do. But a man may, when acting most faithfully and honestly, happen to take an insufficient security, without gross or cul 'pable negligence on his part; ho may have been misled, ho may have been deceived, ho may have taken such care as an ordinary man would take with regard to the subject matter entrusted to him, and vet doing all that, his endeavours may have failed ; and it may BO happen, without his knowledge and against his wi'l, have turned out to be insuffi- cient." Such was the language of one of the nages of the law. And such wits the law : if it wero otherwise, who indeed would be an agent ? If an agent wore to be liable under any circumstances, the principal might always be in a better position, staying at home, and investing through an agent here, than he would have if he came to the colony, acted for himself, and encountered with themselves all the risks of colonial investment. He -would take his interest whilst it could be paid, and come down upon his agent at any timo for any difference which uhanges of value had worked in tho .security. Among other reasons that had been nut forward by the learned counsel for the plaintiff, it had been urged that the same principle of valuing could not bo admitted in a mortgage as in a sale, inasmuch as tho principal money was locked up for five years, and the mortgagee could not deal as absolutely with the property, as could a purchaser. Even this was an error, for tho mortgagee could call in his monev, or pell the security, upon a single default in the payment of a quarter's interest, so that even in the mere preparation of a mort- gage deed, might be descerned, the vigilance which Mr. Norton had exercised for the in- terest of tho mortgagee. He (Mr. Michie) would not further detain them upon this point, but would make an observation on the fact of Mr. Barker having himself lent £5000 upon a second mortgage of the Castle Forbes property. Was not this evidence of buna fides f of reliance, whether well or ill founded, upon tho value of the estate? No doubt the Jury would require to be satisfied, that this money was really advanced ; but if advanced, could there be found or imagined any stronger evidence of the sincerity of Mr. Barker's conviction of the value of this property ? But it had been insi- nuated, that Mr. Thomas Barker had mi inte- rest in the business of Messrs. Barker und Hallen; that it was of impoituuce to him to keep tim firm on its legs. Now, his learned friend, Mr. Lowe, had undertaken to »how them, that Mr. Barker .had no partnership in- terest whatever in the business ; and if this were shown, how could anybody conceive that Mr. Thomas Barker had any personal interest whatever, in currying the firm through the difficulties, in which the greatly reduced prioes of wheat, had, within RO very short a period, involved it ? If he, Thomas Barker, had been inclined to act the rogue,-the artistic sort of rogue so common in the world, in matters of this kind,-he would rather have been anxious to wind up the firm at once, como in with his money, and buy the largo wheat stock at the reduced prices and go on as before. The operation was a com- mon one, as the records of the Insolvent Court, could show. In truth, the main circumstance which created the prejudice ngaint Mr. Barker was that ho had lent this money to his brother. Such a fact was nothing in itself, as making out a case of gross carelessness or neg- ligence. They wero not trying Mr. Barker for bad taste, and if what he had done appeared to have been done honestly, and with a proper regard to the interest of his constituent, the circumstance of the money being lent to a brother ought not to weigh at all in the case. He (Mr. Michie) would now say a word or two more upon the law, as applicable to the case, and then would conclude. A joint broach of duty was alleged here ; and, therefore, if his Honor were to tell them that upon such a declaration they must discharge or fix both defendants, they would have, as he (Mr. M.) submitted, to find that both defendants had contributed to this breach of duty, before they (the Jury) could find a verdict against either. But it was probable that his Houor might tell them that under the state of the law in this colony, as contained in the Act of Council » 4th Victoria, No. 6, actions of this description were assimilated to that class of actions known to lawyers by the term of torts or wrongs ; and that a verdict might be returned in favour of one defendant. And, indeed, this seemed pe v culiarly the kind of case to which the Legis- lature intended the law to apply , for although the action was brought as an action of con- tract, it was in essence for a breaoh of duty, and might have been maintained in r> form in which «ven under the Imperial law, the Jury might have fixed one party and discharged the other. Ia conclusion, he would pray of them throughout tho . caseto bear in mind the question they were to try. His client stood on his trial .before them, and they »ere to say whether, in the words of Lord Chief Justice Abbott, he hadacted " faith- fully and honestly." If they returned a ver- dict against him, it would be a verdict without evidence to support it, that he had acted un- faithfully, if not dishonestly. He (Mr. Michie) waa sure thoy would not in such a case, aud upon such evidence, commit so grievous a wrong. The following evidence waa then called for tho defence : - Mr. G. B. White: I am a surveyor in the employ of Government, and have been em- ployed on the Hunter for twenty-two years ; my duty as such is to survey lands put up to sale, and those that were granted in former years. Occasionally I am called upon to value land that is sold without competition; I valued the land upon the knowledge I had of land selling in the neighbourhood ; I was an agri- culturist ; I had a farm near Singleton ; I have known the Castle Forbes estate since 1828 ; it was occupied by Mudie ; I have not valued land for private parties professionally ; I have done so privately ; Mudie had a great deal of it under cultivation ; he had about 500 acres of wheat and maize ; there were 500 acres cleared in Mudie's time ; 300 to the north, and 200 to the south, of the creek ; all the parts cultivated were on the part of the map marked green ; I never saw lot 27 on the map under cultivation ; in 1840 all that part on the north side was fenced in, and all the land cultivated was enclosed ; the fence was a very good four-rail fence; the value of fencing in 1840, was 3s. 6d. per rod ; I cannot give the length of the fence ; there was a garden ; it was fenced in by a paling fence ; that per rod would be worth about 5s. ; it was a tolerable fence ; the garden was not very good ; it was from an acre to an acre and a half in size ; the house in 1840 contained three large rooms and three skillings ; there was a verandah and out buildings. I can't say what stock Mudie had. [It was proposed to ask what was the market value in 1840 of the cleared part. The question was objected to, and argued at some length; His Honor over-ruled the question, saying that he had done so before.] I am not a judge of agricultural matters, but I am a judge of the quality of land; the value of the cleared part in 1840 was worth £10 10s. per acre on the north side of the creek ; the land to the south of the creek was not so good -it was worth £7 10s. to £8 per acre ; the land at the terrace is indifferent, it is the ter- mination of a range, that was worth per acre in 1840, 7s. 6d. to 8s. ; there were about 70 acres here ; the land on the high road is better than that on the terrace ; that was worth in 1840 £1 an acre if cut up into allotments, if not cut up would not be worth more than 10s. per acre ; lot numbered 18 is a portion of a flat, taking in a portion of the creek ; it is not cleared ; the 1720 acre block is fair land; some is better than the other ; it would be worth cut up into allotments, 30s. per acre; if not, 20s. per acre ; that is for the land near the brook . the other portion is not so valuable, and is not worth more than 7s. 6d. per acre ; I do not think there is spotted gum near the creek ; I have not been there since 1840; when weather is very dry the holes in the creek are not without water ; the land on the road would cut up with advantage ; there is a good deal of traffic on the road, coming from the north-western country. People coming on the road could not see the allot- ments off the road ; I know the expense of sending a crop from the Hunter was estimated at £2 per acre in 1840. Lot 19 is similar to lot 20 and the adjoining lots, now on the mort- gaged estate ; they were not cleared in 1840 ; they were timbered lightly with apple-tree ; nor were they then fenced in ; I have not ex- amined the estate since 1840. Cross-examined by the SOLICITOR-GENERAL: Mr. Dangar was once a Government Surveyor, and he has had a great deal of experience as a grazier, but cannot say as to agriculture ; the land on the road side, if cut up into lots, would have been worth £1 an acre ; and if not, 10s. per acre. These lots might be bought by a carrier, to put his dray and bullocks, &c.;, in ; there would be next door to each other about ten in number, and this is the way that that part of the land would be rendered so valuable. There was a very high value on land in the colony in 1840, labour was very cheap that year ; the estate was calculated for feeding a large number of cattle ; in a good year 800 sheep might feed there ; in a dry season it would carry only 400 ; it would fatten cattle, but cannot say how many ; I have had no experience in the colony as to cattle ; my judgment as to the values I have given is speculative, and founded upon what people might have been disposed to have given ; the 300 acres that I valued at ten guineas an acres would let readily, in 1840, at £1 an acre ; I did not know any small tenants on this land ; one acre in ten on the Hunter, would then have been equal in quality to this; the buildings were of an in- ferior and of a perishable nature, built by piecemeal ; I have never said that then great bulk of the land was of an inferior description, and not fit for agriculture or pasturage ; and I never said it was entirely valueless ; I have said the creek was never running ; there is plenty of water in the large water holes, and I never saw them dry ; I only surveyed the boundary lines of the estate ; I never surveyed the whole of the estate; I know the Court- house; I have objected to its being placed there, because the water near is brackish ; it never was occupied but once ; Mudie had a great many prisoners. Re-examined by Mr. LOWE: I do not know, of my own knowledge, that there was a sale of the estate ; by speculative, I mean that it was so near the road, and that traffic would in- crease on it so that parties might buy it for a speculation, with the expectation of profit hereafter. Mr. G. Larnach : I am the son of John Lar nach, of Rosemont; he was once Mudie's overseer ; I know the estate ; I was born on it. (He looks at the map.) The larger block, from 12 to l8, was under cultivation in 1840 ; I can- not say how many bushels of wheat it yielded to the acre; the crop on some lots was thick, and on others thin ; there is a dray road down to the river through the part not mortgaged ; it is accessiblefor a dray,and cattle can drink there ; the terrace is steep in some places, but a man can ride down it in several places ; I have fre- quently done so ; at the end of. lot 27, there is a very good place to get water at ; I have driven 100 head of cattle down it at a time; there was a large paddock, including lots 27, 28, &c;, in 1840 ; the fence was'a three- railed fence at one portion, and in another four-rail, and in another five- rail fence; 'eighty head of cattle were constantly runnin'g in this paddock all the year round ; the land on the creek in the larger block is very good in parts, and on the ridges is forest land ; I have been there frequently after cattle that used to resort there in the dry season ; I have s,een there from 700 to 800 head of cattle at one time ; many of them were strange cattle ; never saw that creek dry, though I have seen other creeks in dry seasons perfectly dry ; I have got water from a hole in the creek when the water in tho river was not fit to drink ; that part of tho creek was not in the mortgaged estate ; the worst part of the large block is similar to that on the terrace; there are water holes on this worst portion, some of them have water in them at the driest times. Cross-examined by Mr. BROADHURST: In 1810 I was eleven years of age; it was in 181C I saw the mob of cattle; I can't say when the wheat was sown in 1840 ; I do not remember the sale ; the crop in 1839 did not average thirty bushels an acre; I am not con- versant with agricultural pursuits ; the neigh- bourhood in 13Í0 was 'populous; my father is a connection of Mudie's; I will not swear the road down to the terrace is properly described in the map ; I have not been on the property with the map ; I have seen a cart going tho road at the end of the terrace; the road is ] not on the mortgaged property ; there is no i other part of the terrace where a cart may be j taken down. Hero the Court was adjourned. . WEDNESDAY.- Firru DAY. Mr. E. J. II. Knapp : I am a surveyor ; I have beeii in the colony 22 years ; I have had great experience in estimating tho value of land, nud'in surveying it; I know the estate ; I visited it first in 1837 ; in 1810 I was on it ; in that year a greater part of the estate on tho north of the road leading from Singleton was fenced in; I cannot, say hotv many rod of fencing there was ; there was on the north side of t!ie road a great proportion of the best land ; it was fenced in 1840; that portion contained about 500 acres ; it was abnost all clear then of trees ; from hwing surveyed the estate, re- garding its situation, the quantity of fencing on it, &c;, I should think the property was very valuable; but I cannot put any specific value upon it ; in 1840,1 did forward an opinion of the value of tho whole estate ; I then consi- dered .»H the 500 acres worth £20 an acre; as to the other part of the estate. I do not think I formed 0113' opinion upon it ; tho lots from 30 to 4-1 are on the main road, and consist of lino forestland, and from their position wore valuable ; thero is a reserved road from the rich land to the river ; I caused one to be re- served ; -n map is culled for which the witness had made ; it was produced. Thero is ono i reserved road running from east to west ! through tho breadth of the good land ; it runs between lots 12 to 20 on the east of the road, and from lots li to 21 on thesouth of the road ; this road was intended to be thirty feet wide. Lots 29, 30, and 31 were not fenced in when sold ; there wero other reserved roads on the estate ; I attended tho side ; I purchased lot 6 and 7 for £20 an acre ; I did not complete my purchases ; I bought on my own behalf ; por- tions ol' the large block are forest land, with alluvial soil on the banks of the creek ; the alluvial portion wau fit for cultivation in 1840 ; I only saw thccreckouce ; the creek may be dry in very dry seasons ; I did not form an opinion of what this particular land was worth in 1840; all the last-mentioned block was good for pas turago ; tho alluvial land 011 the banks of the creek was inferior to that of the 600 acres, in two ways, in point of position and quality ; and a£ least one-fifth less in value. One-quarter of the lots on tho river were alluvial land. In lots 143 to 171 there may be 873 acres of land ; lots 19 to 20 in 1810, wore good forest land ; it was timbered with apple-tree and gum on the banks of the river ; it was fenced par- tially before tho sale ; its quality was nearly as good as that of the Ó00 acres, and quite as good as some of it. Some of the 500 acres were certainly superior to it. Peter M'lntyre did bid at the sale, and he gave £16 per acre for tho lots he bought; John Lornach, Single, and otiiers were present also. After the sale I WHS employed as surveyor by James Barker, and I furnished the parcels of the deeds to Nor- ton. Cross-examined by Mr. DARVALL : I did not hear Messrs. Kemp, Peek, and Lord, bid ; I did not make a memorandum of the prices that were bid ; lots were knocked down to Burn and Adnum, but I cannot'say what lots, or at what price ; I do not know of my own knowledge what Norton had to do with the purchases ; I thought he was attorney for the vendor ; in making the map, I was occupied about a fortnight; I was there during all that time ; but all the lots were not marked out on tho ground ; I then surveyed the western portion ol' the large block ; 1 have been at other times on the estate, both before and since ; I was only employed to survey ; lots from 105 to 171 I measured in 1837 ; there is a township marked out on the estate ; I did not lay out the township before the Bale ; there is a township laid out on the plan, but it was not laid out before 1840 ; this map was produced at the sule; there were other smaller maps likewise produced ; they were not precisely similar ; some were j the large map has not been altered since the sale ; there ia a portion of the map now covered with paper, that was not so covered at the sale;* I have had no experience in farming in the colony ; ! I have managed sheep, but not a farm, for any person ;; I have no idea of the value of land ia England ; two lots were knocked down to me ; I can't say whether there were two or not; I I did not complete ; the 500 acres were most . applicable for tillage; some of it was under cultivation in 1840; I cannot say how many vcar« it had been cropped ; of that land, when I spoke of the value of the land in 1840, I did not speak as to its agricultural purposes ; I then was induced to think it worth that sum, from what Dangar gave for it, knowing he had had experience, and from other knowledge ; such land must pay for cultivation; at the Bale, there were descriptions handed about ; Barker, I know, bought Savage's property ; the roads reserved were marked after the sale ; but I do not know it of my own knowledge ; nearly all the'500'acres are cleared ; the creek is not deep; I tiave surveyed other-property for Norton before 1840 ; there aro buildings in the map represented, but they were not there when the witness was there; of the 1720 acree in 1840, the alluvial land was worth clearing. Re-examined by Mr. FISHER :, I have been in the habit of valuing land for persons who aro about to lend money on it ; and then made the valuation in respect of the market value. Re-éxamined by Mr. LOWE Î I selected be- fore 1840 a spot for a township, vus., at the cross-roads ; I cannot say what the paper waa put on the map for ; it covers, however, the part that was sold ; Mr. Dangar was a surveyor ; I was paid for marking out the reserved roods, and I paid others also for them ; I gave up the lots I bought to Mr. J. Barker, at his request. Cross-oxamined (by permission of tho Court) by Mr. DARVALL: The lots I bought were very small. Mr. Goodall : I am a surveyor, and was so in England, and was employed for the Tithe Commissioners and Poor Law Commissioners ; I was also appointed valuer in some parishes ; when valuing in England, I looked to tho nature of the soil, to see what it would pro- duce, then I took into consideration the locality, whether near a market or not, then the means by which the produce could be taken to the market ; from thesa I estimated what would be the profits, As to the posture land I ascertained whether it was meadow, &c;, and then its proximity to a market town ; I arrived in May, 1840 j I have seen a portion of the estate during this year ; I saw on the north part it is an alluvial flat ; I fiassed along the road only i the quality of the and on the' right sido of the road ia fit for grazing; the alluvial flat is very rich, and would grow wheat, &c.; The large plan is shown to him, I pasted the paper over the parts, to show what parts had been Bold. Cro?s-cxamined by Mr. BROADHURST : I never surveyed the property ; I saw the estate when canvassing for votes for Mr. Donaldson ; in valuing land in England I acted from my own knowledge on some points ; on others I had written instructions, especially as to the price of produce ; I surveyed the Berkely estate in this colony ; Singleton may be called a market town, and it is near the estate ; I.did not go to the market place, nor to tho market hall there ; I was at Singleton four times ; I have valued property here as in England ; I took an average of seasons in England when valuing. Mr. A. Dodds : I am an auctioneer at Maitland ; I havo been in the colony four- teen years; I have had experience in the quality and value of land ; I have known tho estate since 1834 ; in 1840,1 thought the culti- vation land on the north side of the road was worth from £12 to £15 per acre; the forest land in the same year I thought was worth from 20s. to 30s. an acre; I thought the 1720 acres were worth about las. per acre. Cross-examined by Mr. DARVALL : I was on the estate in 1835, and passing through it on the road only ; I saw it previous to 1840 ; I was passing through it as before ; I have been several times since, viz., in 1842, and merely passed through it on the road ; I was there within the last twelve months, and merely passed through it by the road ; I never stopped or stayed on the estate; I never saw any wheat growing there ; never made a survey of the property ; and never was called upon to form any opinion of the value ; from riding through the property in 1837 I formed my opinion of its value in 1840 ; I have not been a farmer in the colony. Mr. E. D. Day, P.M., of Maitland : I came te tho colony in 1834 ; I rodo through the es- tate once'; and I have passed along the high road, through it, several times ; I did farm once ; I did not form an opinion of the value of the estate in 1840. Mr. Watson: I know the estate;* I went there in the early part of 1841, to superintend the thrashing of the crop of wheat of the pre- ceding year; the crop was then reaped; it was thrashed afterwards; it yielded over 6000 bushels ; it was sent to Lamb and Par- bury, in Sydney. Cross-examined by Mr. BHOADHUBSX : The wheat was in a stack when I went there ; I cannot remember in what month I went there ; I was employed three months, and March I know was ono of the three months ; the stacks some of them were near the castle ; I had seen the wheat when growing in 1840, it was in the latter part of the year ; I did not see it reaped; some seasons are drier than others ; that of 1840 was an average one ; the number of acres of wheat I saw growing I cannot say ; I cannot swear that the wheat I saw in stacks was the produce of 1840, and I could not say but what it was grown on a neighbouring es- tate. lie-examined by Mr. LOWE Î There was one very large stack containing 3000 bushels, and there may have been two smaller ones ; when I saw the wheat growing in 1840 I did not see any stacks standing on the estate. Mr. J. Mackenzie : I know the estate ; I was there in November, 1840 ; J. Barker sent me there ; I saw about 350 acres of wheat growing there ; it seemed a pretty good crop ; one field was not so good as the others ; I got it in and stacked it into three very large stacks, and they were near the castle and the barn ; the crop yielded about twenty bushels to tho acre, that is to say, the best of it ; the poorer port yielded something less -, a part did not look so well, owing to a late sowing. Cross-examined by Mr. DARVALL : I was not there when the crop was sown ; I never did form my judgment as to what the light crop would yield per bushel ; I was at the es- tate for five weeks. ( Re-examined by Mr. LOWE : There were nfc stacks on the ground when I went up there. The plaintiff's arc called upon to produce a power of attorney from Dr. Graham to his sons. It was not produced. A letter from Dr. Graham to Barker, dated the 20th of October, 1842, and which was read by Mr. Lowe, in his address to the Jury, was now proved and read ; it was the one in which Dr. Graham refused to accept the proposal of Barker. I Mr. J. Lamb, M.C. : I was, in 1840, a ' partner of Mr. Parbury ; I know he purchased wheat in that year ; I knew the credit of the firm of Barker and Hallen in 1840 ; our fiar* ; c\l>" ,7'iirr vtv J ( . i \tf had numerous -trsnsactions with, that finn an that year ;I with others was appointed trustee to the insolvent «»tate of that firm; and my finn »was a creditor for £14,000 ; in August, 1840, my firm sold them a large cargo of wheat from South America; the wheat was delivered to them« and they were to pay by bills of six to rnine months; Barker and Hallen I considered at that time perfectly solvent ; I first sus- pected their credit as shaken in the latter end of I October, orbeginningof November ofthat year; I We (the trustees) payed 6s. iu the pound on 'the debts, but I cannot tell the gross amount ; ¡some were paid more than that, having obtained o judgments ; we made the best terms we could ; \ -wheat per bushel was 12s. in August, 1840 ; it »Tose- in October, but fell afterwards con- siderably ; we paid interest on debts due by J. Harker ; I haye investigated the books of J. (Barker and Hallen. uj Examined by Mr.Fisher: When speaking of the insolvency of the firm, I mean both ". Barker and Hallen ; the first sign of irregularity L-of payment I observed, was in the latter part , of October, 1840. ; Cross-examined : In 18401 was Chairman of t- the Commercial Bank; in August of 1840 I returned from Van Diemen's Land ; I was \- present at the sale of J. Barker's property in i January, 1841 ; creditors were allowed to pur £ chase on account of their debts, and in this way \- fsome obtained 7s. 6d. in tho pound; and others , (only 6s. in the pound. J i Mr. D. Larnach, J.3p. : I kept the books of Barker and Hallen ; I know the trustees of the Li estate paid Parbury £1000 for 5063 bushels of , "wheat in 1841 ; that wheat carne from off the i. Castle Forbes estate; the average price of ' wheat for the three years prior to 1840 was ten shillings a bushel ; in August, 1840, it was I 12s. a bushel ; in November, 1840, it was 7s. J. per bushel; I know the trustees paid interest iw on a debt of J. Barker's ; I was present at the sale of the estate-Messrs. Dangar, P. M'ln / tyre, A. Blair, John Larnach, and Mr. Adnum, 'J &c.;, bought; the sum actually received on ac , ' count of the sale of J. Barker was in cash £458 ; I know, however, his estate actually received on ~ 'account o£ that sale about £3700, which in «.' eludes the above sum of £458 ; another sum of -. £1400 was subsequently paid, and interest was í received on another sum of £1600 due on tho . same account; they first dishonoured a bill in J. the latter end of October of the same year ; 4 Thomas Barker kept an account with the firm . during his absence in England ; it was ba- lanced once a month ; Thomas Barker arrived ?* in Sydney on 18th September, 1840 ; he owed i thefirm on that day £567 ; I kepttho account ; .-. thero ore other accounts, if taken into con L sidoration, would moke him owe £G00 more ; .tt'this is a private debt to J. Barker; so that c< i Thomas Barker was indebted to the firm and Í to his broker in these two sums ; on the 8th ' November, 1840, J, Barker suspended pay 3\ ment; Barker and Co. were carrying on an extensive business; they were carrying on ti. contracts under Government at the time of u't their suspension ; Thomas Barker paid to J. I ; Barker, between his arrival and the firm's sus r . 'pension of payment,-in cash £1050, and in t' bills "about £10,000; the amount realised by < ' the trustees of Barker and Co., of their estates, partnership and private, is about £35,000, as \- i appears by a balance sheet made up in July, X "(1842, of the affairs of the insolvent estates. (A > 'deed is put into his hands) ;-it is attested by \ J Norton ; it is in his > handwriting ; it is dated ,, 7 the 7th and 8th October, 1840, and is from J. > * 'Barker to Thomas Barker, to secure £5000; ' * -^that sum was paid by > bills at six months : there were nine bills in all-t^uree for £1628 /lös. 3d., three for the same amount, and three -t ' promissory notes fpr £1628 lös. 4d.,-making < ' in all £4886 5s. lOd. ; on the 28th of October, '. another sum of £4000 was also advanced to -» James Barker : this sum was advanced to take up billH of Barker and Co.; after if the dissolution tho holder of them wished >T»to hove them secured, and T. Barker gave bills ?M tfor their amount ; on the 26th September, i , Thomas Barker gave a cheque for £1000. '.) (The bills are produced.) They were dis ' ' counted at the Bank of Australia, by Spark ; J. Barker exchanged them for Spark's bills at n " a,shorter date ; in the bill book those bills are ; ' entered ; Spark's bills were not all ultimately . paid ; Thomas Barker's bills were paid ; J. ii Barker handed over some shares in tho Syd ': . 'ney Bank and other companies, as securities, ' i together with the mortgage to Thomas Barker, i't »for moneys advanced by him; these shares * »'were worth nothing to Thomas Barker. / -' The Court was here adjourned. .> THUBSDAY.-Sivm DAY. '. , " Mr. Larnach was re-called this morning, and "! ' his examination was continued by Mr. LOWE : < (A cheque is shown to him.) It is m T. Bar « ker's handwriting; it is for £1000, and is dated the 26th September, 1840, payable to ,i ! the firm of Barker and Co. Other bills are M i shown him, in favour of Bettington, and signed i. , by T. Barker, for £3000 and £1000; they ",, .were paid, and were endorsed by Bettington; i j I Baw R. Graham, the plaintiff, during the lost I , t fewiyears, and have offered to explain the , books to him, with a view to show him how ., -ii Jus .father's money had been lent ; I also told f i him that T. Barkerhadlentmoney to his brother in addition to Graham's ; heexpressed generally ,.- an unwillingness to go into the accounts ; the i, books gave a correct account of all pajments i J between the firm and T. Barker ; I do believe > there were not any other payments made which 'u-. are not entered ; the firm > poid T. Barker £2000 per annum for the mills, &.c. ; the trustees of £'.» tho firm paid the same to T. Barker for the j M mills without the windmill, &c.; ; Barker and i .Larnach paid at first for the mills £2000 per -¿J annum for the same property; in 1845 it was reduced to £1300. \i Cross-examined by the SOLICITOU-GENERAL : I thought the firm was not solvent up to the « 8th of November, 1840; I did not know the « ! private transactions of the uri», and did not know how they had raised money for two or three months prior to the lost- mentioned i month ; but I knew they had had aecommoda i ii irion paper prior ; and I did not keep their bill <t<I rrbook, though I had nccess to it ; they had dis o Ishonoured bills about ten days before the 8th ' ' of November, On tho 18th September, 1840, .". '.tire bilance.due to J. porker, from, Thomas /»».".Barker was £507; that, is the real balance ; irM c the rent due for August tyas not chargeçlin that m.f* balance, that'woald be1 £183 6s. f8t|" nor the fraction of rent due in September'; an item Of £161 3ti. 3d. paid in Scotland is not charged either ; small advances made to Sheppard are not brough in to the account. On October 27, j £69« 17».' 6d. is placed to the credit of Thomas Barker for land sold to him on the North Shore ; and there is a charge of interest on that sum to the credit of Thomas Barker paid. There were other sums that ought to be charged as set-off against those sums not brought into the balance. The 9th September, 1840, the firm accepted the draft of Thomas Barker for £500 ; T. Barker was indebted to tho firm on the 18th September, and on the 19th that £500 draft was accepted j it is I charged as cash before it was paid. On the I 28th May, 1839, there aro entered two bills of Wilkinson's-they are dated one year for £500, and three years for £500~on account of Thomas Barker, and accepted by the firm ¡ .ne of them was paid by the firm, the other was paid byThomasBarker himself ; these bills were accepted by the firm, as attorney for Thomas Barker, and why they oro so entered, the reason must be best known to themselves ; on the 26th September, 1840, thero is an entry of £1000 cash ; thero is u cross ogainst it in order to get the check to produce it to-day ; it is entered to tho credit of Thomas Barker ; the wheat I spoke of as coming from Castlo Forbes I did not see "come ; I received it merely ns such; Thomas Barker proved against the estate of the firm for £9010 ; I was acquainted I think with all their private transactions ; the firm were in 1839 and 1840 under contract to supply bakers with flour, and wero sued on some of them ; they entered into many contracts of this nature in 1839, and the bakers gave bills in advance ; Thomas Barker after the insol- vency, in the time of the trustees, principally conducted the business of the mills ;~ the trustees not only sold the old stock, but pur- chased new, and it was not a mero winding up, but a purchasing of new stock, for tfie benefit of the creditors; I purchased from tho truateo subsequently, and it was ar- ranged, perhaps at the time or before, that myself and Barker should go into partnership ; we have carriod on the business ever since ; tve purchased in July, 1842, and wo have had much cause to regret the purchase. Re-examined by Mr, LOWE : Mr. Lomb also attended to the trust as well as T. Barker ; Thomas Barker .and the others incurred large liabilities for the" purpose of carrying on tho trust estate; they had a cash credit, ice. ; the balance was the real balance, according to the means of my knowledge then in making it ; Barker and Hallen would not have been ena- bled to have paid 20s. in the pound, if pro- perty had retained its value as it had in No- vember, 1840 ; all Wilkinson's bills wero paid, except one for £500, which was not due when the firm became insolvent, and it was paid afterwards by Thomas Barker. Mr. William Macpherson : I was, in 1840, a Director of tho Commercial Bank, and in that capacity did business with the firm; they were in good credit up to the 30th of October, 1840; and on that day the bauk discounted their bills. Mr. James Barker : I purchased the estate from Major Mudie at the recommendation of Thomas Barker, in 1836 ; before that I kept my brother's books ; my brother retired from business in 1834, myself and Hallen succeeded him in it ; my brother advanced me money to set me up in business ; ho also became secu- rity for £3000 ; besides he left £5000. in the business ; these liabilities wero discharged by mo before my brother's arrival in tho colony from Europe ; we paid rent for the mills at firat, and gave £1200 a year ; I gave for the estate £3000 in money, subject to a mortgage of £1000 ; I gave £3000 more for 1200 sheep and 150 head of cattle, that is to say, I gave £7000 for the whole property, including stock, &c.; ; I afterwards spent on the estate £G0O in fencing portions of it in ; Thomas Barker was not a partner with me in any shape in the business I took of him ; in 1840 there were 350 acres in crop ; at the sale the whole amounts of purchases were £8600, and of this £6000 wero paid ; before tho sale, J. Larnach offered me £16,000 for the whole property, including the land only ; I said in a subsequent conversation after the sale that I would not have sold it under £20,000 ; J. Larnach did purchase at the sole ; Norton was my solicitor at this time ; at the time of my brother's arrival the credit of my firm tvus good ; I went to see my brother on board the vessel ho arrived in ; I applied then, or soon after, to him for money, viz., £10,000, and I offered the estate as a security; it was not then mortgaged ; as to the estate, I told him that there had been a sale in tli9 August prior, and what that sale had realised : I tota nun wnat parts bad been sold ; I told him i that real property had increased in value during his absence ; I did not mention what part had been cleared, &c;, because I knew he had been there before his departure ; my brother did not accede to the proposition ; he made several objections; he said he would consult with Norton ; he was my brother's solicitor, and he was mine at this time also ; my brother advanced mc £11,000 after his arrival before my suspension of payment; this money went into tho account of the firm at the bank, mid was spent in the business ; nono of that money ever found its way back to my brother ; Hallen and myself dissolved partnership on the 25th September, 1840 ; he did not receive any money tor going out of the partnership ; our payments, during the twelve months pi >or to November, 1840, were £317,000 ; between my brother's arrival and my suspension we paid £35,000 away ; my brother owed the firm on his arrival about £500 ; and to my piivate account Le owed £1300, and I owed him about £600 for some land ; as soon as Hallen went ' out, the distinction as to these debts ceased ; j they merged into one ; my brother remained about fourteen days in Sydney after his ariival, | and then went out of town ; he came back on l the 23rd of October ; my brother met with an accident upon his second arrival in Sydney ; he was in town when the moitgogc ii as exe- cuted, and ho went away immediately after ; the first of the firm's bills was dishonoured on the 28th of October, in 1840 ; on the 8th No- vember, I called a meeting of my creditor* by the advice of my brother ; I wrote frequently to my brother in Scotland ; I never I wrote to liim, during his absence, that the credit of the firm was bad, or, that it was in' insolvent circumstances ; (a letter is produced ' to him)''that is in my handwriting. j ' Examined by Mr. MioiiiB : I oiceu sawNor i ton about my business ; he knew that I was carrying on this large business ; we were both | living ia Sydney ; after the sale, the accoun sales and contracts were at his office ; ho, of ' course, knew of the sale ; the price of land had Increased very much between 1836 and 1840 ; I don't remember whether I told my brother what Larnach had offered for the estate. Cross-examined by Mr. BROADHURST : We commenced businoas in 1835, and continued together until tho arrival of my brother ; I saw the estate soon after I purchased it ; I was there just before the sale, and it was theil that Larnach made the offer to mc ; I never saw my brother at the estate, nor Mr. Norton ; the sheep I got with tho estate I heard wero scabby ; cattle and sheep were low in price, in 183G; I paid £1000 down in ensh, and the £1000 was paid soon after; in fact, I paid £4000 in money ; the rest wai» paid by o mort- gage on Lindsay, to relievo the Castle Forbes estate ; I have not been an agriculturist ; I cannot say of my own knowledge there were 3500 acres of wheat on tho estate in 1840 ; the solicitor for the trustees was Norton ; I could not have written to my brother thnt I was not solvent ; in 1840, occasionally I got necommo- < dation paper, and I did not experience any difficulty in getting it; I have paid bills by getting accommodation paper occasionally, I never dishonoured bills; I exchanged ac- commodation paper when raising funds ; I think I did, on the 10th of Septem- ber, 1840, exchange accommodation paper for £1000 with Spark; I cannot savhow often I may have done so in that year with Spark : Spark became insolvent soon after the firm ; I may have exchanged bills with Hughes and Hosking in the same way as with Spark; I hnve exchanged also in the same way Mith other persons ; the books now produced could have been seen by my brother on his arrival ; he was at the office where they are kept two or three days after that took place ; when I ap- plied to my brother, I was ha'd pressed lor money ; I was very short of money ; I know just as much of Norton's business as lie did of mine ; my brother I know purchased very large purchases of land in the colony before 1810. By a Juror : The deed of puitnership would havi expired in 1842. Mr. Berry, M.C.: I denlt in 1840 with the .firm of Barker and Hallen ; I was a creditor on the estate ; I sold wheat to them usually ; their credit in 1840 was good ; until I heard they were insolvent, I did not know their credit was bad. Mr. Robert Campbell : I am a merchant ; I sold rico to the firm in Moy, 1840, taking bills in payment ; their credit was very good then ; the bills wore not paid ; we got 13s. in the pound, having obtained a judgment on the bills. Mr. Taylor, clerk to Minithorpo and Co., attorneys : They were employed as nttornej s to the plaintiff ; I cannot say whether a power of attorney from Dr. Graham to his sons was handed over to Mr. Want. [It was admitted that Mr. Want had had it, but had it not now, it being filed in-tlic Supi erne Court ; the copy of ihe power of attorney was produced, this was tendered in evidence but objected to, nnd his Honor refused it.] Mr. John Raymond : I was clerk in the Commercial Bank; the tno cheques signed by the defendant, for £3000 each, went to the credit of James Barker on the 3rd, and on the 8th of October, 1840. Cross-examined by Mr. BROADHURST : The entry in the book of the sum is not in my handwriting ; I looked nt the book to refresh my memory as to the date only. Mr. James Barker was recalled and exa- mined by Mr. LOWE: NO portion of the £6000 poid by the defendants carne to the hands again of Thomas Barker. Cross-examined by Mr. BROADHURST : I um still on terms of friendship with my brother ; I have been in Court all the'time of the trial ; I have spoken to the witnesses for the plaintiff as to what evidence they could give on parti- cular points, and with some before they wero examined ; I have been present at consulta- tions with my brother, when he and his at- torney were speaking nboi t the casci This was the defendant Barker's case. The following w itnesses were then called for the defendant Norton : Mr. A. Young, the Sheriff : I have had great experience in the investing money in this colony on mortgage. The nieanB I employed in ascertaining the value of land when lending i money were as follows : I was influenced partly by the choracter of the party who wanted the money, and from examination what the pro- perty would have sold for, if I had occasion to turn it into money ; I thought property was on the rise in 1837, and the following years : a great guide also was the in.vket talue of land in the same neighbourhood. Cross examined bj the SOLICITOU-GENERAL: If I wished to ha\ e had interest paid punctuall), and looked to the land as a security simply - in 1840, I should not have thought much about the nnnuol return of the property. I should hive calculated, that if in- terest were not paid, I should ho\ o sold the property and re-invested; thiswould no doubt have been attended w ith expense and delay ; this would, too, have interfered with the amount of the interest to be received; when lending money, I did not pay it before the deeds were executed; it would not be prudent to do so. This was the defendant Norton's case ; and the Court was here adjourned, KuiOAT -b£\ i s ru DAI . The SOMCITOR-GKNESAI, In rising to reply, THIS in tilt, first place about touddscss himself to » technical objection taken hy the learned counsel fur Mr Barker (Mr. Lowe) In support of it nonsuit, namely that it» JS utcissarythnt a i-pcuitl undertaking should be j loved, made antecedent!} to the. investment of tho monej in question, in Milich tia defendant!, had contrae ted to uct an agents lo» tho pltlntilf His HONOR relieved Ibu learned counsel from tins argument, ruling that tho net of intestin); the rooney without thoir being absolutely bound to do so vtns auf fictCII*. The SotioiTOB.GEKiRAt, hating been relieved from this objection. Mould proceed lo ona oil» r point ot lu», which, hotttiter, no should detain them but n short time in ilitcuskini; It hud been ur-red by learned counsel that tho deelaiation did not bung thudeicu dants under the Fouit Contractors' Act, ¿nd therefore thnt they could not find u verdict og dust one mid not the other. Ho thought ho should lie i iii!) ablo to show that this was not the case llio IUth section ot the JointContrnctorb' Aet he would road to them. [Hie leurned counsel rend tho section J Kow the defen- dant* were chnijjed lu the declarUion tritli liav ino; entered into u jouit contract to take care oí Uns money for Dr Graham. They vt ere bj tlüs contract brought within the very vrords of the sec tion Hit contended UiU tho declaration might have laid m tort ; the do todants might have been charged with torts done by em ; but the course adopted by the di fendants clearly brought them vt ¡thin the terms of the Joint Con. tractors'Act. If such were not the case, the most ex traordinarj consequences would arise, for it would in ' volve this absurdity, tln<t the wisest precautions for , . ,«"ij..«i ,-i .A,',,/,« ?. . J, u" :>'ti.'i my r ?. ? .*.' .' : y '' ¡'-i;;- . .' ':\> r- . - ; is f.., sftoHtn»; idditiM»! ttxwritjr. vrauM UeA to «tato a party less »«ure. : Becaua» Barker for th» greatsr se- curity of Dr. Graham, had urged that gentleman to as- sociate Mr. Morton with lilm (Barker) in the. trust, that very circurrnt»nc« of caution - waa, it waa now urged, to be theground why tlarkcr should he released from his liability. He took the law to be this, the defendant Barker might have repudiated the tru.t ; he might bava refused to Invent the money; he might have »id he would not be associated with Mr. Morton In the traut. Hut.he did not do ao ; on the contrary, ha chose Mr, Norton for his aaaociate, and he roust say in nil sincerity h« should have thought in chosing Mr. Norton he had made au admirable selection. Hut Norton might also refuse to have been associated in the trust. Ile might bave said that lie could not »pare tho time from his o»u business and monitions to bo looking out the means ol' nafoly and profitably investing money for Pr, Graham. Ile might also have mid, though perhaps it would hnve been rntlier hard and uncivil, that he would not asaoci uto with Barker, whose scheme* for the Investment of the money ho had not time to sift. Whai wonld hare been the consequence of such a refusal I simply, that the money would not have been invested till somo other party to accept the trust were found. But having ac- cepted the trust, having Invested the ninney,both partie« became bound to fultil it with such skill and experience as they possessed. After the whole of th« evidence that lind como out, he thought it waa impossible for them to como to any other conclusion than that both defendants had been guilty of grosa negligence. He feared he should have to appear aomewhut tedious to the Jury In going over the evidence to show how the money wai' first lent, and then clearly to prove that it was k-nt by the plaintiff in n peculiar way, which was not to invoho any risk or peril ni ita loss. In tile first place, it was shown hy Harker himself that ho had come forward officiously to take charge ol' tilla money. By Parker's letter to the plaintiff it plainly appeared that it was originally intuidcd that Edward« and Hunter should have the lending out of it. Barker himself did not suggest anything against Edwards and Hunter. It was not likely he would ; but he says that Dr. Graham'« man of business had pointed out to him that, their being in business themselves «a« mi objection which had ao much weight willi him, that the con- sideration of the position of Dr. Graham, the risk, and the fine family of the plaintiff, he waa almost tempted to »How himself to be put in nomination sa tho plaintiff's ngent. Kind consideration I an liable weakness of Mr. Harker. Hut another objection to this plan strike* him. Ile suggests that he may* die. and in c.iso of h li death, he ados, his brother James is also in business. What prudence-what caution-what foresight! How Tory friendly of Mr. Barker so minutely to weigh the risk of entrusting this money to such men as Edward» mid Hunter, or his brother who were in business, and then a short tim« after to go and place this vary money In hi., brother's hands. Ile then Huggetts the unino of hi» solicitor, Mr. Norton, to hu associated with htm ns a co trustee, and speaks of him in the highest terms. Ho (tho Solicitor-General) would repeat, that he believed the praise of Mr. Norton'« prudence, piobity, and lilglunindedness, to be perfectly deuerved, lut it an. peured that Harker knew Norton better than he 'did ; for lie would not have believed-tor ono moment, until he liad Been it in oildem-c, that Norton would ever have, allowed Barker to do what he liked willi the money which ho was associate«! with him to invest. The lotter iu which tliis proposition was made, and in which Harker ottered, if associated with Norton, to become tho agent« of the plaintiff, showed, that from the hr.se beginning Barker knew the whole of the circumstances. Ho knew how the money was to be lent-he knew what aort ol' security-ho knew the position of Dr. Graliatu'a family -lie knew that this money was his all, and that llterall} it* sato investment waa a question of lift) and death to Dr. Graham. Then, on the 30th April it appeared, that Norton and Barker 'wera , appointed agents for Dr. Graham, with power to invest and reinvest as they might think tit, the sum of 10,0001., in mortgages and other securities, with power of attor. ney, It had been said hy tho other side, thut they (the ' plaintiffs counsel) Bhould have jumped at this power ol' attorney ; but of what use was the power of attorney to their case without the letters of instruction by which it had been accompanied? and these the défendants re- fused to produce r Had these letters been forthcoming, it was prohable they would have shown that the into, rest on the money to be invested was nut the only con- sidération, but that the paramount object »as. anio, vestment on unquestionable security. Ile might stop here, and rely that enough had been proved to them that Barker was acquainted with all the circumstances of the plaintiff-that he waa aware that tho very exis- tence of the plaintitT depended upon the security takeu for lila money-that be knew that thoro must not be the slightest risk. Hut if further proof wero needed, it vt ad to be found in Barker's own letters addrossed to Dr. Graham after th« money was Invested, In one of these letters he assures Dr. Grnham that his money is quite safe, that in tho matter of n trust so sacred, ho con» sldered himself and his own property nmouable for the. money invested. Tliu defendants further 119k, why this action hud been delayed so long-that the plaintiffs lind been pondering for nine years before tiley could muke up their minda. This was one of tho specimens of candour lu which their case was got up. "Why, who in tile face of auch promises as these would think of bringing an action I Could they anticipate conduct so ehurllitig und scandalous as this after tho declaration of Barker, that he considered himself and his property nmcnublo to Graham's claim * Under such circuru (¡tunees, what hud the plaintiff to ponder about Î There was n further letter, dated '.'¿tit September, 1813, put in by tho défendante, in reference to a pro- posal mndo by the defendants to the plaintiff, J3ut it was quite clour that this letter could not be in answer to that proposal, as tho letter containing the defen. dnnt's offer was dated 15th September, in the letter of the 25th, Dr. Graham certainly did remonstrate in the very mildeBt manner on tho breach of proruisea to which, lie had boon subjected. There must have been some otlu r lotter from the plaintiff in reply to defendants' pro- posal ; and if so, why waa not that letter produced T in tho letter they did produce, Dr. Grahum,ealled for adequate security for hi* money, no doubt meaning security on land, and stated that ho could not feet justified in accepting tho personal bond of the defen- dant Barker ns accurlty. What could tiley want milder than this I After Dr. Graham found that Mr, Barker had twice promised that lie himself and his property should bo amenable to his claim, nuil that these promises had heon hrnken hni>m»lill- -" I place confidence in him 1 How could he, lu justlee to himself or to his family, again rely on his word as the security forthe money which was all ho and his family had to rely on ? Who would do such a tiling j or u they did, who but themselves would they hnve to binnie fur any loss tlint might ensue? Ho repented he looked upon the request ns mnde in the mildest forov that iisked for iidequato security for such part of the money invested which was not covered by the value of the mortgage in tho Castle -Forbei ?caíate. This estate Mr. Barker had informed Dr. Graham vv as not au adequate hccurity for the whola of tho money invested in the raortgase. In a letter to ltira, ho told him that it had been put up for sale, nnd that there were no bidders for it, and no rents derivable from It. The letter of Dr. Graham went on further to direct Mr. Harker to deliver up the securities to his son Robert, whom in compliance with tho request of both defendants ho bad Beut to rcliove thom trcin the man- agement ot his affairs. The management ot his affair' better to have said uils-nianngcment, l'ity it wai ti .>. were not relieved before, for by this time it did louie something Uko locking the stnlilu when the steed wai gone. The letter concluded with an expression of the deop regret lett by Dr. Graham, at the necessity which n sense of justice to his family involved, of having io writ« this letter : nnd in allusion to a quart el which had taken place between his sou Hubert and Mr, Harker, utter expressing his utter ignorance of the .circuí « htances under which tho quarrel anne expresse» his hope that a reconciliation tuny be t-pecdily eflectei*. Was it possible, he would ask, that it letter like thi» could induce the extraordinary letter from the defen- dants, in reference to their oller ? And yet this was the onjy evidence they had on this subject. This tins the only letter they bud produced from Dr. Graham-this was the only et idóneo that the oller was rejected with aeorn. Even his learned friend's nocomodatiiig witness .Mr. Lunmcli could not give them any morn information on this point. Mr. Robert Graham was there to answer their questions, and they could uot elicit anything elie from him. There was no sigu whatever, of ,the offer being rejected but this letter, conceived in a Christian spirit, aud bearing this mild manly tone. Ho Would now cometo the boasted candour-in which this case hull been brought before the public. A great show had - : been made of the desire of tin; defendants to place every fact and circumstance before the Jury-to make the (For Continuation see the second page of This Day's Herald.) ' " i. ---? i . j. i » ? Printed and PvblMtd by CHAULES" K«UP and Jon» FunrAX, at the Morning Herald Printing Office, iotcer Qeorgt-itreet, Sydney, A'ctc South Wal», Serf««-. day, April 1,1848. 