MIESSRS. YOUNG, GREGSON, AND MACDOWEUiL. One for one may well compare, But two for one is rather sair. Thrummycap. A N ?nnate sense ofjustice provoked this distich when the hero of the northern legend ob served three ghosts playing at football with the long lost title-deeds. A love of (airplay likewise renders us somewhat desirous that either one of the combatants should retire from the field, or another join in the fray. It is not common to see the shamnrock, the thistle, and the rose blended in hostile en counter, and still more unusual to witneas the pricklesand burs in alliance against the lowliest plant. As the contest at present stands it is a " a duel of three," though not arranged on the equitable lrinciple laid down in Newton Foster. If the warfare is to continue we respectfully recommend that the trianugular scheme be adopted. The gist of Mr: Young's letter is that Mr. 'lMacdowell has acted inconsistently : he wrote one thing and said another, when in pos session of all the J'cts of the case. Mr. Macdowell asserts that while his opinion of Judge Montagn may remain unchanged, new light cast on the proceedings of. the executive justifies tihe indulgence of senti ments dilfering from thos lie formerly en tertained towards the administration. The people are not much interested in the anmi cable controversy: they will hear both sides, weigh tihe evidence adduced, or balance the assertions made; perhaps express an opinion on the propriety or impropriety of publish ing a.t private note, and forget the whole affair. Mr. Gregson, while lie does not over look Mr. Macdowell, has drawn the entire assembly into the dispute. He describes them as a collection of unreasonable, if not unprincipled men who " virtually said: we prefer being in the darkl-we are satisfied with assumnptions-truth is not essential." We sincerely regret Mr. Gregson did not disburden his mind on the occasion-this can scarcely be attributed to want of oppor tunity, for lie was repeatedly solicited to speak. He insinuates that the assembly was chiefly composed of the " lower orders," or that class peculiarly obnoxious to criminal prosecution ; forgetful for the moment that the purest of patriots have stood in the felon's bhx, and even spilt their blood on the scoflold. Mr. Gregstin says," Mr. Brewer pertinently remarked:' what, my friends,would be our condition in criminal cases, if we had apacked bench P -for we might by the same order,of things have a truculent sherifl'and a packed ljury.' The effect of this address was tremeildous, and the cheering was perfectly deafening." Whether in oblivion of the above, or to exempt fi'om the general cen sure, or to render some persons more con spicuous, Mr. Gregson subsequently states, " there were many men present, respectable both for their talents and principles, men who are held to be estimable in all the pri vate relations of life." Mr. Gregson very properly condemns scur-, rillity; and yet he can bandy personalities wvith his opponents and scatter personal re flections on those who did not referto, though they might differ from him. Mr. Brewer is reminded of his first appearance upon" our stage" as ti politician, and instructed to seek the " purity" of the bar. Another is a " rogue and- vagabond by act of parliament and prac tice-a liar, a slanderer, and only wants courage to be an assassin." Mr. Stevens is a " new hand," and being an ironmonger, Mr. Grvgsown sa,, " it may be asked who was the geitleman. that camre forward to tinker the state kettle." It matters little to the public who the man is,. but we believe lie is neither illiterate nor immoral, and what is pelrhaps of more value in this material age, lie has hitherto discharged his pecuniary oblig.a tions. Mr. Gregson refers to briefs, on the back of which are marked " a pair of breeches ;" reverts to " Rosemary-lane," to quicken the sensibility of some within hiear lug; twits the whole class of popular men, and seems now to considerthe term " patriot" an epithet of reproach. We believe Mr. Gregson when lie asserts that lie has not been tlhe adviser of Sir Wil liam Denison. Some may be pleased with the statement because it will conclusively re fote the rumour that Mr. Gregson'sinfltience was paramount ; but we rather regret the cir cumstance, since to break up the gangs, work the mcen on the roadst allow the Dog Act to become a dead letter, modify the ad valorem diuties, and permit distillation, was excellent advice. We are inclined to believe the Lieu tenant-Governor Ilas been his own coitnisel, and like others so situated, has had a sorry client. It is, however, satisfactory to learn that there is one in the colony who has formed " a high estimate of the character of Sir William D)enison :" nor will it diminish its value to learn that Mr. Gregson is the man. In the very long letter Mr. (Gregson hits published we can detect the semblance of pertinent reasoning in but one paragraph. Now that we have perused tie production, which does not contain a syllable calculated to change public feelitng, we can easily be lieve that his prolix prelace exhausted the patience of the meeting. It is too mnch to expect that when assembled lor a special ob ject, men will listen patiently to irrelevant remarks, eyeii though they embody indis putable " truths." "It is true live and one make six, that Van Diemen's Land is an island, and that a new plainet has lately been discovered; but to discourse on such subjects in a ineetingeconvened to canvass proceedings respecting the j dges. wouid not have been mtore absurd than to dilate oin the imputed ter giv.ersation of M1r. Alnedowell. Mr. Gregson states.that a general feeling of dissatisfaction existed against the bench, and that therefore its dissolution ought to have been viewed as i commendable. 'This is the decrepid reason ing of expediency. To do evil that good may come, is a principle neither approved by reason nor revelation. A man mayhn e a most unanmiable character, but it would be unjust as well na unsafe to society to seize his pro perty on the pretence that it could be em )layed to better advantage, and hang up his body to a l amp-post on the plea that his life iwas useless. Biut if Judge Mlontagu was not dismissed lbr his decision on the DI)og Act, what reason cani Mr. Gregson assign to justify the removal of Sir John Pedder i' It is not long since Mr. Gregson openly de elhured that were h?e governor lihe would amove both judges; and we hope lie will give the elements of such a conclusion. The govern ment has no fault to find; for Sir Joh.ln is in possession of a document from his E';xerl leuIcy in council, acquainting him that the executive had much plensure in stating that his answers to their otwnt charges were completely satisfactory ! The whole alffir is alternately grave and contemptible. It is Punch, as Imperator, issuing impracticable commands one moment, belabouring Judy the next, and amusing the crowd the moment tafter. 