Sbj)H'<îT jCTotntrtg %trall>. FRIDAY, APRIL U, 1848. "Sworn to no Matter, of no Sect am-I." ALARMISTS. J WOOL ia cheap. . Labour ia dear. Sheep ande-Ult are consequently not in request. Their owners are therefore in low spirits. Wool continues io grow, cattle still fatten, but they are not what price-current people cai!, buoyant in tho market, for money: Stock-holders start the old wolf cry of ruin, and annihilation ; a cry which is not remarkably adapted for the restoration- of public confidence. . It is amusing to behold the pleasure men take in alarming each other, and in contribu- ting to a calamity, they all seem so anxious to avert. We are not to be-ruiued in the year of grace 1848, more than-we have been ruined at any previous -period. Ts there anything inscrutably difficult of compré- hension, in our present state ? We think not. Is there anything very terrible in it, to capitalists in general? Nb. Colo- nial stock-holders suffer, and always must suffer] upon every-grent disturbance in the commercial interests of England. When- ever money is very scarce there, the greatest , purchasing power is crippled, and conse- quently the price of wool falls. Itfnlls how I ever only to rise again. The cause is but 1 temporary, and the effect must correspond. The rise however may not take place before some are ruined, who have never been prudent enough to allow any margin in their means, for these occasional dis- turbances in price. They cannot perhaps meet their engagements, or pay thoir wases. They must sell. But it is the nature of people with money in their pockets, only to buy, when things are dear and to let them alone, when they are cheap. The flock owner then sets up the cry-" What ia to become of us?" sheep and cattle are valueless ; they are incon- vertible for money ;"-and then he is disgusted that cautious young men d > not bid with spirit. There is no help for it. The inJebted, however, are not the colony. They must suffer in all places, a'n'l in all time, - - But for those who are not óbliged to sell, sheep and cattle are in the main, valuable aa before. With such pro- prietors, the depression of the time passes away like - a cloud from the sun, They must retrench it is true. They have not so much money to spend with the shopkeepers of.thc, city, nor can these latter be aa good customers as before, to the wholesale.'merchant«. All classes suffer by sympathy, and " things in ge- neral are dull." But in a little while England again begins to emerge from her "slough of:Despond." -.Money again be- comes sufficiently plentiful with ber, for all the exchanges of her vast community. Wool again goes up, and with it the spirits of the growers-again to go down-and np, and down again, until trade and wool growers shall be no more. It ia consonant with what Philosopher SQUARE calls " the fitness of things," that it should be so. Trade and commerce beautifully regulate themselves, and when any. community seem fast hastening to general insolvency, they are also aa certainly hastening to the culminating poiut of their next period of prosperity. ? Let us look then to our landa and our labour markel.andkeep our spirits up. Our Legislature does not set us a sprightly ex- ample in this respect. The tone -of a late debate, indeed, has suggested these observations. A more melancholy discussion, than, that.upon the exiles, we do not remember. In listening to it, .one ? might have imagined. prosperity to be dead; and the members of the Legislative .Çpnpcil assembled al '* the wake." ;^Fronr ,Mr,¿JD_AM3Aa^-who.-was. as .pathetic as; »V obstinately-. comfortable. l,.a-:.lÖ6king' gen tleman/cârrtjti ?? hope' to v be^Ho ;-'Mr£ DARVALL, : whoié ^}^i)Uiyt'cóiinÍküa,aw wai more ' íw%¡¡gmj¿- mggpiiit: ''ott sorrowful thought, the Speakers gene* 1 rally were eloquent upon rain and bank- ruptcy.-' V-All the old' nibatantiálieqlouUts were moving towards the Insolvent Court." ." Capitalists were fast becoming reduced to the condition of labourers." ^aly "glimmering tapers"..were seen. " on the'other side of- almost impassable swamps." "A total" boulevertement of society was taking place, according to the honorable member for Durham, Bfr. DONALDSON, "who" said " he felt deeply upon the subject," and who -certainly seemed to speak from the very bottom of his-waistcoat. Thus did honorable j members work, each other bp, even as we ¡sometimes see schoolboys snatch a fearful I joy» from the discussion of ghosts, and haunted houses, each narrator improving ¡ opon bis predecessor, until to their roused i fancies, as they glance over their shoul- j I ders, and huddle together, " nothing is, but what is not.'* . These concerted pieces of melancholy are not useful, nor do the performers ¡ seem to be sincere. For, strange to say, i our imaginary insolvents appropriately closed the debate, by withdrawing -to the speaker's room, and subscribing (some five or six of them) on the »pdt, £140 towards the relief of the family of a late' member of their own house. We are glad, therefore, to see, that all the gold and silver have not as yet " re-entered into the bowels of the earth," and that the consummation 'of the general ruin is postponed for the present, 