THE LIBERTY OP THE PRESS VINDICATED AGAINST ITS IRISH ASSAILANTS. Gentlemen — I capnot express how much I «m gratified at the truly enlightened and liberal spirit which pervades ?* Frank M'Elhone's' ' vindication of a free press,' in your issue of the 13th instant. Not having the pleasure of that person's acquaint ance, and feeling that such acquaintance would be an honour, I sbould feel much pleasure by your assisting me therto. I cannot better evidence my estimation of the man, than by treading in his footsteps, and, ac cordingly, propose vindicating the freedom ot' the press against its Irish assailants, be they who or what they may ; assuming, too, for the purpose, the same heads of objection as those employed by him. Oh, say some of your sensitive Irish, I. He (Mr John Stephens) has ever and always some slur upon our countrymen. Well, this resent ing national insult, whether real or imagined, is a good sign for Ireland. It used to be said ' Spit an Irishman, and you'll readily find another to roast him.' Now, however, Irishmen are begin ning to distinguish who are their real and natural enemies, and to discover that their greatest foes are what are called Anti-Irish Irishmen. Our annals stained with blood and tears, Still preach this warning, this example— The wicked feuds of bygone years At onco beneath our feet to trample. To have but one distinction known, Ono line from henceforth drawn among us, The line of false and true alone. Of those who love and thoie who wrong up. Unite with me, then, broih ?i mine, Oppressor and oppressed no longer ? A bond of peace we'll round us twine Than all their iron fetters stronger. lie Ireland's cause our common creed, Her sacred cause alone enlist us ; With gallant hearts and God to speed, What power on earth will dare resist us P Encourage, by every means in your power, this truly fraternal and national spirit ; an'i as you think of the woes, and miseries, and insults heaped on. pour bleeding country, say of her, he that toucheth meE, toucheth the apple of my eye. Where's our allegiance ? With the land For which our fathers nobly died Our duty? By our cause to stand Whatever chance hctide. Our cherished hope ? To he»l the woes That rankle at her core, Onr scorn and hatred ? To her foes Now, and for evermore. Yes, fellow-countrymen, when the honour of pour country is concerned, be proud, proud as Lu uifer himself, — aye, and as vengeful, too; but let [io paltry, personal vanity tarnish the dignity of mch ennobling feelings. Show that you equally pity and despise ignorant and prejudiced enemies. Of this you may be assured, the brutal Times— that embodiment of Anti-Irishism — would not be incessantly blackguarding you without a special ob ject. It fears you ; and, therefore, from a well known principle of human nature, it hates yon quern metuunt oderunt — and endeavours by its mis representation to make you hateful to the world, and isolate yon from its sympathies. But you, whose monumental remains proclaim, when time was young, your fathers were great, and powerful, and illustrious ; yon, ' who possess genuine history several centuries more ancient than any other Eu ropean nation possesses in its present spoken Ian* guage ;' you, whose forefathers curbed the Roman in Britain, and at the foot of the Alps; you, who were the missionaries and schoolmasters of the ancient world, and who educated, in your semi naries for the ministry, those Saxons who have now the whip-hand of you ; you, who chasad from your shores the pirate Dane that subjugated Al bion ; you can afford to 'despise the sneers of igno rance and prejudice, but you cannot afford to in dulge in a palry revenge, or to sacrifice great principles to gratify personal pique. Therefore, though Mr 'Stephens be ibe natural enemy of your country, and of your creed, you must uphold his paper; because, notwithstanding his Anti-Irish and Anti-Catholic spirit, his press is the only one which honestly upholds the imprests of the work ing classes, and affords free discussion on all sub. jects— moral, social, rel'gions, and political ; and because, further, if that press be crushed, ihe colony will virtually be ' subjugated to gag-law,' and ' ihe first link in South Australian slavery forged.' 2\. He can never let ihe Catholic Church alone. The objection has been so ably met by ?* Frank M'Elhone,' that for me to add a wo?d would bi superfluous. Besides, my Catholicfellowcountry men might regard with distrust what fell on that head from » Protestant, for I will not fight under false colours. This much, however, I will gay, that Christians, in spite of the nselves, are assimilating more and more ; and that but for the bigots, who unfortunately rise from time to time, the process of assimilation would be much more advanced. The rhtirch that doggedly adheres to antiquated super stitions, kingcraft, aristocraft, priestcraft, and, ibove all, slavish political figments— I care not whether it be. Anglican, Roman, Scottish, or Con gregational — if not swept away by the popular pro gress, will he driven into a corner, and held up to the d-rision of mankind. The church, on the other hand, whirh will honestly battle for the fra ternity of the New Testament, will rally the people round its standard, and be indeed the church of the people. 3\. He attacks the clergy in their public character. Here, too, 1 shall be silent. F. M'Elhone has left me nothing to say. 4\. It is not so much the attack upon the Irsh and the Catholics, as Ihe malice of the Editor. This is the most fpttilc objection of any. For Irishmen at this time of day to expect not favor but common justice at the hands of the English generally, is the rankest absurdity, aivl is the more inexcusable, because such expectation, if entertained, ia formed in opposition to all experience. Let it never be forgotten, as it has never been denied, that Ireland never received anything in the shape of concession from the sister country save what she could extort by the exercise of compulsion, or by inspiring apprehension. Irishmen surely require not to be reminded, that whether England were Catholic or Protestant, Monarchical or Republican, she inva riably dealt out to Ireland, the same systematic oppression, tyranny, robbery, and bloodshed. The English Catholic ecclesiastics trampled on their brother Irish ecclesiastics more remorselessly, than English Protest int ecclesiastics trample on their Irish brethren now. In fact as an indifferent spec* tator observed, ' The aea which divides the two countries (England and Ireland) is not more pro found than the antipathy which prevails between Englishmen generally and the Irish people,' and which is being daily augmented by the black guardism of the English press, and of members of the Imperial Parliament. What genuine Irishman does not remember against England the insult (p.erp.etrated wjtb the sanction ot the Speaker of the House of Commons), ' that if nigger were NOT NIGGER, IRISHMAN WOULD BE NIGGER.' Well may we ejaculate — Domine, Domine, quousque / / / 0 Lord, 0 Lord, how long ! ! ! To expect in Mr John Stephens, therefore, or in Englishmen qencrally, a just appreciation of Ireland or Irish men, would be preposterous in the extreme. I have long since come to the conclusion, and it is one in which I am confirmed every hour, that the great bulk of the English nation is impenetrable, where Ireland is concerned, to any argument* but those of the pike and the pocket ; in other words, you r/ill never incline the English nation to do Ireland justice, except you compel her by force of arms, or by making the cost of maintaining the connection between the two countries so excessive, as to neutralize all the advantages to England, which might otherwise accrue therefrom. It is true the English working classes, smarting under the oppression of an aristocratic and oligarchic government, and sympathizing with the Irish groaning under a similar tyranny, fraternize and co-operate with them, for the destruction of the common enemy; but Mr John Stephens, though with the working men, and battling for them, is not really, in the proper sense of the word, of them ; and therefore you cannot reasonably expect him to espouse the cause of Ireland with the same promptitude and alacrity as the English commonalty, whose impulses are now, and have ever been, on the side of virtue— with the oppressed and against the oppressor — much less can you ex pect of him to divest himself all at once of preju dices imbibed with his mother's milk, and which he has learned to lisp even in the nursery. All you can expect of a man so encased in anti-Irish prejudices he is willing to perform, namely, to allow you the utmost license of attack and defence throug the medium of his press. Why, in heaven's name, what more do Irishmen ask ? Give us a clear stage and no favour, and we fear neither men, ghosts, angels, or devils. As F. O'Connor sa;d, he cared not if Beelzebub himself sat on the throne of England, provided he (F. O'C.) got the five points of the Charter, so let us say — we care not if Beelzebub himself edit the Register and Observer newspapers, provided we are allowed free discussion in their columns. Irishmen, 'tis a constant taunt with your enemies that you are unfit for self-government and free institutions. I know that if you wait till the English nation pronounce you fit, you will have to wait till ' Tibbs Eve ;' but I know also, that your 3till have as a people some slave vices clinging to you, and that you have yourselves by your creature worship, by your idolizing individuals, given some ground for the calumny. Prove by your conduct on this occasion, that the vile insinuation is a calumny, and that you venerate principles rather than men. Obsbrver. 