LAUDATORY ADDRESS TO JOHN WHITE, OF THE "BLAZING STAR," GEORGE STREET, SYDNEY. Let puffers puff their wares with all their might, Up, honest muse, and sing the Man of LIGHT! POET--(THE BARBER.) Pol.--Lights! Lights! Lights!--HAMLET. John White; John White!, astonishing wight! (Though nothing to stare at, for bulk or for height,) Thy brilliant achievements--when brought to light-- Compel the beholders to stare. The wonderful wonders performed by thee, And figured in silver or gold, will be An heirloom of wealth to thy family, Descending from heir unto heir. Thou matchless constructor of cloud-capped- towers! Thou star-sprinkling sprite of our fairy bowers! Thou "presto-begone-Jack" of life's dull hours-- I mean those that roll in the dark-- Who, sticking a planet on top of a post, Turns night into day, and makes streetwalking ghost Stalk back to its coffin and leave a clear coast, For mortals to gambol and lark! Sure youngsters, in time to come, won't fail, While grandam or nurse relates the tale Of all the strange pranks thou hast played the whale, To chuckle, gape, wonder, and shout; And then--how consoling!--when thou art dead, And thy planets and fiery-tailed comets fled, To think that that "matter" will run in some "head," Which long from thine own hath run out. No fishmonger thou, though a dealer in fish; Nor lent folk, nor others, e'er feel a wish To knock on thy counter and call for a dish, To please their pisciverous taste; And yet, though thy fish be for eating ne'er set Before Christian or Turk, I would readily bet, 'Tis just the right sort that should come to thy net; For even it's bones thou'lt not waste. Would Cromwell's blest days but again pop round, Thy deeds would dazzle--thy fame resound-- And each "nimble ninepence" blaze up to a pound; My eyes, what a flare-away trade! "New lights!" "New lights!" would then be the cry; Why, man, every day thou might'st vend a whole sky Of moons and stars, which, like meteors would fly, As fast as by hands they were made. If ever, John White, thou art short of work, Present a memorial to G------r B --ke, For leave to make crescents for Mahmoud the Turk; 'Twill bring plenty grist to thy mill; Or, knock up some stars, such as knights may wear, And surely the ladies of George-street will spare A garter apiece, as they'll certainly share The honors produced by thy skill. Since now in thy cause we right willingly burn, 'T would seem very odd, when it comes to our turn A senate* to have, if thy merits we spurn, Or suffer our flames to expire; Bad measures to light thou might'st bring right soon, Whilst we, to support thee, could light up at noon, And pay no regard to the sun or the moon, Nor yet to the blaze of the fire, Could'st thou but invent, (great light-spreading man!) By means of thy "head-stuff"--or anyhow plan A sun, moon, or star, by whose rays we could scan Deception or clouded misdeed.-- There--take the hint--and, by all that's tough, If such thou cans't manage thou'rt right enough, And money thou'lt take fast as some take snuff, As soon as thine efforts succeed! The habits instilled in the "Hen + and clutch," No well-meaning poet can praise too much, Or value too highly, for doubtlessly such, Their thoughts to good ways must incline; But prithee remember--nor think I mock-- Whene'er of the "head-stuff" thou hast a stock, 'Tis saleable "matter;" for many a block Doth need it as much as thy swine. May no vile intrusion of stinking gas, Thy brilliancy cloud or thy fame surpass, Till all thy "nine-penn'orths of nimble brass," Transmuted, appear in pure gold! Mean time, Mister Whale, should'st thou ven- ture to bask, Or poke up thy snout from a billow, to ask If John has retired, to his tank or his cask, 'Tis twenty to one but thou'rt rolled.ยง John White! John White! astonishing wight! Dispeller of darkness, diffuser of light, My moon is fast waning, I'll bid thee "good night!" And tumble my bones into bed. Continue thy labours through "thick" and "thin;" Stick close to the union of "Oil and Tin;" No matter who laughs so thou dost but win, And butter both sides of thy bread. 