ORDINATION SERVICES AT THE CATH& DRAL CHURCH OF TRINITY: On Monday last; prepdratory to the Ordination which was held on Thursday. June 23th, by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide; in Trinity Church, the Archdeacon the Rev; M. B. Hale, commenced the examination of the Candi- dates, Messrs. John Fulford; of Watergate Mount Barker and Edmund King Miller, of Pulteney-street School, for the order of Deacons; and the Rev. William Henry Coombs, Curate of Gawler Town, for that of Priesthood. After the Morning Prayer, at 10 d'cldck; both on Monday and Thursday, the Candidates were employed in writing answers to questions! from the Old ami New 'testament, Ecclesiastical. History, and the Thirty-nine Articles. A text was also pointed out on whic.U their were to compose a Sermon; On Wednesday the Bishop, in presence of the Arbhdeacon; examined them seve* rally in the Greek an J.Latin Testament; the Epistles of St. Paul especially ; after Which, service was held in Trinity Church, at three o'clock, when the following charge wais deliveied :— ^ THE CHARGE. The choice of' fit persons to serve in the sacred minialry of the Church*' is perhaps the most importnut function of the bishops and pastors of the flock of Christ. To commit the care of souls, the administration of the Sacraments, the service of Divine worship, and ibe preach ing of the Word of God to unfaithful; ilLinstructed, or worldly men; is to dishonour God ; to trample under fodt His Son; to make worse Havoc of the Church than 'iaul, pe rilling immortal souls, and setting up the ruler of the dark ness of this world on the ruins of the kingdom of Christ. If ever then we have need to pray, and ask the prayers of others, it is on these occasions, when we admit lo any holy fuue tion, thobe who offer themselves for the ministry. Accord ingly, our Church, followiug her scriptural method, has directed public prayer to be offered in the congregation at those seasond when Holy Orders are conferred; knowing well how the whole body of the Church must either gain or suffer loss, by the admission of men of God on the one hand; or of such as have not the Spitit of Christ on the other, to the ministry of the Word and Sacrament*. Such, too, was the custom of tbe Apostolic Churches. Both at Jerusalem aud Antioch prayer was offered with fasti ag before the im position of hands on the seven Deacou?, aad tbe Separation of Paul and Barnabas for missionary labour among the heathens of Asia. If it was needful thus to seek the gdldance of the Holy Ghost in those days, when the ' discerning of Spirits' wa« specially given to the Church, how much more needful must it be for us. to beseech Him, who knoweth the hearts of all, to raise up faithful meu, to preach to a heathen world ' the unsearchable riches of Christ.' Even in the Apostolic Churches tares weie mingled with the wheat. Even in that church, which St. Paul himself planted at Ephesus— over which he placed his own son in the faith, the beloved Timothy, there rose up men speaking perverse things, to draw away the brethren after them. Even while the beloved disciple was yet spared to witness to the truth, tbe spirit of Autichrist in Ceiiuthus deuied Jesus as the Son of the liviug- God. From such perversion, however, our Church has endea voured carefully to guard ; accordingly, while in tbe preface to tier urainai sne asset ts irom - noiy aenpture and tne ancient autbors, that there have ever beeo. three orders or ministers in Hbririt's Church ; to the intent that the same may be continued, hs well as reverently used and esteemed. He hath ordered that no roan shall be Buffeted to execute any of the said functions, except be be called, tried, and examined before be be admitted thereto.' Satisfied, beloved brethren, concerning you, who have now offered yourselves for ordination, that you are ' men of vir tuous conversation and sufficiently learned and instructed in Holy Sciipture,' 1 desire nevertheless to set before you, by way ot remembrance, so lie principles, t- which as ministers Df Christ, called according to the Older of the Church of England, your attention should be especially directed. The questions to be addressed to you tomorrow, iu the face of tbe congregation, embrace those principles The first is, 'Do you trust you are inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this office ?' It is a solemn question, and to be answered solemnly. To grieve tbe Holy Spirit, much more to ' lie unto Him' may provoke God to take from us alto gether ' the comlort of His help,' and to \iive us over to a reprobate mind. Twelve apostles were culled, but ' one of them was a devil.' For the satisfaction, then, of your consciences herein, as well as of the congregation of Christ's people, let me remark that every good and every perfect gift cometh down from the Father of Lights ; and that no man can say that Jesus U the Christ but by the Holy Ghost. From him also proceed ' all holy desires, all good counsels, and all justworks,' and the Apostle has assured us ' that if auyman desire theoffice of a bishop (ihat it, an overseer of one single congregation, or of many united together in a Diocesan Church), he de-« siretha good work ' (Tim.iii. I.) You, brethren, have that desire ; we confidently trust, then, that it is He who hath put it into your hearts, aud that He will bring the same to good effect. But since our motives, even when we would do good, arc often mixed, let us proceed under tho light of Scripture and the guidance of the Spirit to sift the views which sometimes have influenced men to seek the office of priesthood. ♦'Feed the flock (says St. Peter) which is among you (1 Pet.y. 2), taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly ; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind ; neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock.' Of you, then, brethren, I believe it may be confidently affirmed that none of these motives, the influence of constraint, the desire of gain, or the love of power, have swayed you in your choice of this calling. You have offered yourselves freely for the work, and, like your heavenly Master, you will be as those that serve ; you will be ' poor, though making many rich ;' you will be as 'having nothing, and yet possessing all things.' At least you have been spared the spi itual temptation 'ot thinking gain to be godliness,' and if by tie power of the Holy Ghost you have taken up the cross to bear it after Jesus ; if having put your band to the plough you are re* 8 -lved not to look back ; Lut while the dead bury their deed, will go and preach the gospel— '* in the world indeed you may have tribulation, but be of good cheer, your Muter hath overcome the world.' Be assured of this, that if you are made instrumental in leading sinners to repentance* while there is joy in Heaven before tbe angels of God, He in whose band are all hearts will not suffer you to want, or binder bis own work for the leek of morns. Hig promise is sure, 'seek ye firi-t tbe Kingdom of God and bis righteousness and all these things sball be added unto you.' The absence however of false motives or the presence of a good desire hardly come up to that devotedness of heart, that determination of tbe will, and tbe affections to tie ciuse of God, which is implied in being 'inwardly moved by the HoK Ghost' to take upon you this office. It ihe view of a world lying in darkness, and tbe certain perdition of ungodly men presses you in spirit to testify of their evil deeds; and call eiaveti to repentance and forgiveness through tbe blood of Jjsug, tben may you trust tbat tbe spirit of God has m« ve I you to undertake this ministry, and will make you bble evangelists ot tbe Covenant of Grace. It will tben be your joy and crown to set forth ' Christ crucified,' ' as tbe power of God unto salvation ro every one that bt-lievetb;' tbe fulness and fieeness of God's mercy to them that repent ; and the power of Divine grace to regenerate the heart of man, and sanctify it for tbe presence of Almighty God : ' Yuu will count all thing* but loss for the excellency of tbe knowledge of Christ Jesus our Lord.' Satisfied upon this fundamental point, you are next to ex* press your comiction of the lawfulness aud validity of your Oidinaion. We have seen recent and lamentable instances of apostasy in some ministers or our Church, whose views have been perverted by the sophistry of cunning men lying in wait to deceive. Well theielore and wisely are you called upon to say, in the face of tbe congregation, ' Whether yon are persaaded that you are truly called according to tbe will of our Loid Jesus Christ, (as well as inwardly moved by tbe Holy Ghost) to tbe ministry of tbe Cburcb?' In other words have the Bishops and Pastors of our Church autho. lity 'to call and send ministers into the Lord's vineyard?' For we affirm that ' it is not lawful for any man to take upon himself the office of public preaching, or ministering tbe sacraments in the congregation, before be be lawfully called, and sei.t to execute the same.' (Article xxiii.) In this matter, viz., the validity of its orders, our Reformed Church stands In a peculiar position. No innovation was made at tbe Reformation upon tbe Apostolic orders of Bisbop, Priest, and Deacon, although the supremacy of the Bishop of Rome wib denied and cast off In ceasing to be Rotran, om Churc'a became, as it had been of old, truly Catholic. The stream of living wrier and Apostolic discipline rendered turbid by human inventions and unscripturai dogmas Bgain ran pure and limpid. 'The faith once for all delivered to the Saints' was vindicatrd from error, and the authority to 'ordain and to rebuke' committed by tbe Apostles to chosen men as their successors, was Providentially tra*s mitted unimpaired by the Bishops tbe Faihjrs of our Re ! formation, to succeed ng generations. The continuity or Episcopal autho. ity in our Church -to call and send ministers into the Lords vineyard' remained untr^ken from tbe Apostolic age, and while ber doctrine is scriptural we also enjoy that discipline -bich for 1500 yea.s afurf Christ was universal!/ received iu all tbe churches of tn« world. What stronger guarantee then do you need that you lire 'lawful'y called' to the preaching of the word and the ministry of the 6acraments? Originally indepen dent of the See of Rome, our national Church resumed that independency, when subjection was no longer compatible wilh Gospel Truth, or faithfulness to its high railing. The same pastoral authority by which Titus and Timothy or dained ' Elders ' and deacons in the Churches of Crete and Epbesus calls you to the I'ke lioly functions. Let no one then beguile you of )our rewaid. but take heed to the mininry which ye are about to receive in the Lord that ye fulfill it. ' In so doing ye shall both ram yourselves and them that hear you.' Another point on which our Church requires the avowal of your belief i» ihe Lanon of Scripture. In common with other reformed communions and the ancient Fathers, we are here diametrically and irrrconcileabiy opposed to the great Roman schism. We acknowledge ' the Law the Psalms, and the Prophets' as quoted by our Lord and re ceived t-y the Jew*. We receive those books of the New Testament ' of wl'irh there was never any doubt in the Church.' Both together we hold to be exclusively the in spired word of God. In them only do we spek our faith; from them only do we propound what is necessary to salvUion; the creeds of the Church themselves resting upon this in destructible foundation. With ?' this sword of the Spirit' alone, ' which is the word of Clod,' we would overcome the enemies of Christ; and while those kingdoms of the earth which rest upon a pretended iiving, human, infallible tradi tion, aie a prey to infidelity, unarchy, or civil commotion, our Zion stands firm on the Beck if Ages, Jesus Christ, ' the same to-day, yesterday, and for ever,' the son of the living G;id ; n9t any particular stone, foundation or other of the spi ritual buildine.Oe he apostle or prophet, much le«9 one exist ing uninspired pastor; pretending to a jurisdiction neither ex ercised nor claimed by the Apostle of the Circumcision whom ihe Church commemorates on this Eve. If these are your sentiments, as they are the sentiment3 of our Church, you will doubtless diligently read the same Scriptures unto the people, and instruct them out of them ; being ready on the one hand to frame your own selves and families according to the doctrine of Christ, that you may be wholesome exam pies to the flock; and on the other to banish and drive aw«y all erroneous doctrines contrary to God's word, within your cures, as ' need shall require and occasion shall be given.' The deeper indeed we drink of the living waters at the fountain head, the more shall we bn convinced of the Divine ?Spirit from which they flow ; and perceive their wonderful adaptation to the varied wants of the soul of man — depraved and fallen, and seeking rest, and finding none, in the barten and dry land of this world, ' where no watei is.' And if the same spirit which gave them shall be with your spirit while you read the faithful his ories of this blessed b-.ok, or ponder the examples of pitsiarchs, the revelations of the prophets, the sweet music of the psalmo, mid theimt uction of wise proverbs, you will never want wisdom te convince the gainjayers, to teach the ignorant, correct the erring, comfort the downcast, strengthen the weak, and 'be all things to all men that you may save some.' Furthermore, our Church not only requires :n her minis ters that wisdom from above, which is pure, but also that it should be ' peaceable.' I can conceive no more painful sight to the holy Angels, who, on the bhth of the Radeemer, gave glory to God, and sang of peace and goodwill upon earth, than the spirit of contention and standing apart which has rent the one holy Catholic Church into fragments, with out cohesion ; to the destruction of order, ns well as disunion of spirit, and the contempt of unbelieving men. Against such a temper of mind the Church requires you constantly to set your face ' Will you,' she asks, ' maintain and set for ward as much, as in you licth qu'etness, peace, and love among all Christian people, and especially among them that are or shall be committed to your charge ?' It was the prayer of our Lord, the night before he was crucified, that his disciples might be one in himself and in the Father, as an evidence to the world of his mission from God ! How has that evidence been marred by the frivolous divisions wliicn. nave separated the Christian brotherhood ! How does the same unruly spirit disturb and break up, from time to time, particular congregations, and sow dissensions among those who aforetime walked in the house of God as friends ! To this frame of mind the whole teaching and spirit of the Church is opposed. Baptized by one spirit into one body of Christ, and all made to driuk of the same spirit, we may not separate the members of that body. We must seek its peace, and ensue it. We must 'pray for the peace of Je rusalem, for they shall prosper that love' her. While in the great house of faith there be vessels to dishonour, as well as honour, and we purge ourselves from the former, that ?we may be numbered with the vessels made to honour, en lightened Churchmen will never dream of departing out of that great house, or shutting themselves off from the sym pathy and prayers of the Universal Church ! And though offences do abound, ' for they must needs come, and the love of many waxelh cold,' yet even in unfaithful ministers it must be remembered that the efficacy of the sacraments de pends not on them, but on the promise of Christ. The obli gation to unity remains, in spite of the offenco so justly g-T^n. Yet even here our Church has provided a safeguard in the promise of obedience to your Ordinary which is exacted from you, and other chief ministers unto who*n is committed the charge and government over you. If, with a glad mind and will, you are ready to hearken to their godly admoni tions, and submit yourselves lo their godly judgments, ' righteousness and peace shall kiss each other within the borders of our Zion, and trulli shall flourish out of the earth.' In this portion of the Lord's vineyard, the Church of the Redeemer is left to its own divinely-appointed discipline. Between you and your Ordinary no other law intervenes but the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus. And while you hold faith and a pood conscience, from which some having swerved have made shipwreck even of faith, I shall joy, beholding your order, seeing your churches edified, and, walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, multiplied throughout tho province A glo rious work is set before us : a life, indeed, not of ease, nor even of competence, much less of indulgence, but of 'hard- ness to be endured.' Nothing but the spirit of God can fit us for it, tho love of Christ our motive, the favour of God our reward. Study, then, to show yourselves approved, ?workmen that need not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth. Keep that which is committed to your trust, the form of sound words, with faith and love which is in ?Christ Jesus ; swerve not from apostolic discipline to the right hand or to the left. Avoid also vain babblings which gender strifes; exercise yourselves rather unto godliness, that your profiting may appear to all ; and when the Chief Shep herd shall appear, then shall every one who has been a good and faithful servant have praise- of God, and receive the ' crown of glory that fadeth not away.' On Thursday, at eleven o'clock, the ordination cere mony took place; after which his Lordship delivered a powerful and impressive discourse irom Ephesians iii. 8, which by particular desire, the Bishop has consented to publish. 