RAVINGS OF A REPEALER. The following extract is from a letter to Lord Clarendon in the United Irishman of Saturday Inst, It is from tho pen of Mr. Mitchell, the editor " As for tne, my lord, your lordship's humble correspondent, you have l>ecn told that 1 am mod — a dangerous lunatic, la- bnuring undcr cacoi'thrs teribendi. Do not believe il : I am merely possessed with a rebellious spirit ; and think I have a mis sion — to hear a hand in the final destruc tion of the bloody old ' British Empire ; the greedy, carnivorous, old monster, that has lain so long, like a load, upon the heart ard limbs of England, and drank the blood and sucked the marrow from the bones of Ireland. Against that empire of hell a thousand thousand ghosts of my slaughtered countrvmen shriek nightly for vengeance : their ' blood cries continually from the ground for vengeance I vengrance! And Heaven has heard it. That buccaneering flag, that has braved so long the battle and the breeze, flies now from a ship in dis tress : the Cliarybdis of Chartism now roars under her lec — (lie breakers of repeal are n-head, and tke curses of the world swell the hurricane thai rages around her, pirate and bloodstained slaver that she it, filled willi dead men's bones and with all tin- cleanliness. Her timbers are shivering at lust — Quamvi Pontics pinus, Svlvie Clia nobilis' — She will never float in harbour more. On the day sbe-ftoca to pieces, alt lbs suds of the earth will give three cbccrv. ' To help this grand work of necessity and tntrcv is my highi-t ambition upon earth ; and I know no better way to do it than to make Ireland arm for battle. To me it is a grateful and blessed sound, this cry — The people aie arming. Thank God. they are arming. Young men every where in Ireland begin to love the rlrar glancing of the steel, mid to cherish their dainty rifles as the very tipple of their eyes. They walk more proudly— they feel them selves more and more of men.' Like the Prussian students (when this work had to be done for Prussia), they take the bright weapon to their hearts, end elatp their virgin sword, like virgin brides. " How long will your detectives, your swearers, your villanous backstairs panders to the hangman, check this noble nssaion — this most holy crusade ? Think of it well. " I remain, mv lord, " With profoundest contempt, " 1 our very obedient servant, " JOHN MITCHELL. _ " P.S. — 1 had some thought of addres sing to you an expostulation about the packing of our juries next term. 1 fancied some feeling of decency, or even of justice, might induce vou to give orders that the ordinary but disgraceful practice of the Crown Office shall be reversed. I have changed my mind. He who employs a spy will pack a jury j and I, for one, scorn to appeal for anything to a man who lays a plot for massacre. Pack away, then, if you dare. I expect no justice, no courtesy, no indulgence from you ; and if you get me within your power, I entreat you to show me no mercy, as I, so help me God, would show none to you. " J. M " 