LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. The opening services of the Primitive Methodist New Chapel," Payneham, took place on last Lord's-Day. The Rev. J. Long preached in the morning, from Mat- thew 28th chapter, part of 20th verse: "And lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world, Amen.'' The congregation listened with great atten- tion and appeared to profit under the word. The Rev T. Q. Stow preached in the afternoon, from Collosians 1st chapter, 28th verse: "Whom we preach, warning every man, and teaching every man in all wisdom, that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus." The--Rev. gentleman's discourse was eloquent and pow- erful, excelling his usual happy manner of preaching; and his discourse was heard throughout with great in- terest. The Rev. Mr Tetherington preached in the evening, taking for his text the 132d Psalm, from the 6th to the 9lh verse: "Lo, we heard of it at Ephratah we found it in the field of the wood, we will go into his tabernacle, we will worship at his footstool. Arise, O God, into thy rest, thou and the ark of thy strength Let thy priests be clothed with righteousness let thy saints shout aloud for joy." We were forcibly struck with the exceeding richness of Mr Tetherington's remarks, and, despite a peculiarity of manner, which is soon lost sight of, we could not but discover from indi cations or countenance and attitude, that the preacher was carrying all before him, and successfully grappling with every listening spirit. The collections at the three services amounted to £7 2s. After the evening ser vice a friend gave 10s towards furnishing the place with candlesticks, making a total of £7 12s. It may be proper here to state that the late respected and lamented Mr Payne gave the acre to the Primitive Methodists on which the Chapel stands. Mr Peacock, with his usual Catholicity of spirit and liberality of purse, has given and raised among his friends towards this Chapel £15. Mr Gwynne the Solicitor, kindly made out the convey ance gratis; and the residents in and about Payneham have given liberally, so tint the Chapel is not likely to groan under a heavy debt. Its dimensions are, width 16 feet 6 inches, length 25 feet in the clear, it is a brick, building, on stone foundations, ceiled and plas- tered, and is considered a neat and commodious build- ing for the neighbourhood. The Primitive Methodists opened out two other chapels recently, one at Rich- mond and the other at Islington The land on which Richmond Chapel stands was kindly given by Mr Maslin, grocer, Hindley-street The building is of stone. Its dimensions are, 15 feet width, by 25 feet length in the clear. Owing to a want of funds, al- though the Chapel is opened for Divine Service it is unfinished, being unceiled and unfloored, but it is hoped that something more will be done to it before the winter sets in. The land on whicti Islington Chapel stands was kindly given by Mr J. B. Neales. It is a neat stone building. Its dimensions are, 15 feet width by 28 feet length in the clear. It is ceiled and plastered, and is comfortable and commodious for the amount of popu- lation around it —Communicated. The first quarterly general meeting of the Adelaide Mechanics' Institute, took place in their lecture or reading-room on Thursday evening. The Advocate General occupied his accustomed chair as President His Honor the Judge was present throughout, and more than once addressed the meeting. The Report to the end of 1847 proved the Institute to be steadily pro- gressing. The number of members at that date was 282; the number of volumes contained in the library, 244; the present cash balance in favour of the Institute is about £50. The smallness of the library was ac- counted for by the fact that, of the income derived during the Institute's three months' existence—namely, £114 4s 10d—the sum of £67 3s had been expended for furniture end other requisites for permanent use, so that a large proportion of the increasing income may be devoted to the literary department of the Institute. Several classes were stated to be in active operation, and others in the course of formation. It also appeared that promises sufficiently numerous to ensure for the ensuing season a course of varied and interesting lec- tures had baen received from several highly talented gentlemen. The most interesting subject brought before the meeting was a proposed coalition between the Insti- tute and the South Australian Sub-cription Library. It was understood that deputations from the two com- mittees are about to meet for the consideration of the subject. The Government Gazette, of Thursday last, contains two proclamations of Land Sales, both to be held on the third day of March next. The sales will comprise a great variety of lands, namely, 5S9 acres, in suburban sections of 82 to 26 acres; 7431 acres, and in Country lots, containing from 281 acres (the largest) down to sixteen acres (the smallest: and 8277 acres in the Min- eral District, the largest quantity of land in one lot being 106 acres, and the smallest twenty acres. The last mentioned are situate iu seven different countries, including that of Flinders, where, at tlie distance of about 25 miles north of Port Lincoln, indications of copper have been found on several of the sections. From all we can learn the sale is likely to be one of the most attractive that has yet been proclaimed and the services of clever agriculturists as well as shrewd min- eral explorers are likely to be ih great request during the few weeks of preparation, and examination. [From the South Australian Register, 2d February.] Great complaints have reached us respecting the sailing of the steamer Juno, on her trip to Sydney, on Saturday last. It would appear that the passengers were ordered on board by ten o'clock in the morning, at which hour a number of intending passengers were as- sembled on the wharf- but, lo! the steamer had disap- peared. She had it seems, left the wharf at eight, o'clock, and by ten was reposing quietly somewhere about Snapper Point or the Lightship. The passengers were in a fix, not knowing what to do, as it was not clear to them where the steamer was. The boatmen, who are ever on the alert to make the most of a pressing opportunity, were determined not to be behindhand on this occasion, and various exorbitant sums were asked and obtained to take the disappointed passengers on board. A certain clever limb of the law, who arrived rather late, presuming, perhaps, that the movements of the steamer would be as tardy as the law, was asked four pounds for his passage to the steamer, which was stoutly refused, hut after a good deal of haggling an offer of a triflle less was accepted One passenger, with his wife and family, who intended going to Port Phillip, not being able or willing to pay such an exorbitant sum, lost his passage and his passage-money. It is sincerely to be hoped that such a mistake will be guarded against in future; for should the tide serve earlier thin expected, and the steamer consequently be obliged to start before her time, surely some means should be provided by the agents to enable the passengers to get on board, and not be allowed, after they have paid their fares, to become a prey to a set of rapacious boatmen, who care little, if anything, for the convenience of their reluctant cus- tomers—A somewhat similar complaint has reached us from Portland, where, on her last trip, after landing her mail and passengers, the Juno proceeded at once to pro- secute her voyage, without stopping for many passen- gers who were waiting on the jetty, in the dead of night. " The execrations against the commander, when this became known" says the Editor of the Portland Guar- dian," were not loud, but in many instances were deep; and the disappointment whi< h most experienced was pungent and grievous In two cases families had sold their furniture; given up their employment; and having delivered up the keys of their houses, were left forlorn to find a habitation in the middle of the night where best they could. In other cases, parties had come from the Glenelg, and Mount Gambier, and various parts of the bush to join the steatxer; and after waiting her arrival, and being ready for instant embarkation, with out any act of theirs, the only consolation afforded them was to witness her capricious departure "—We have a word to say on another point We hope the deserved popularity of the Juno steamer will not be tarnished by her attaining a sobriquet somewhat akin to "the bolters' clipper." It is said that a colonial defaulter was " uplifted" by her many miles from the Port, without a Custom-house clearance or any other preliminary en- dorsement used by 41 good men and true." Irrespective of the heavy penalties they are incurring, we would strongly recommend the owner and commander of the Juno, as they value their chances of prosperity and their claims to respectable patronage, to set their faces against any such dangerous not to say disreputable ir- regularities ; otherwise there will be no security to so ciety or to the colonial commerce of these colonies. The increase of business in Adelaide apparently con- strains our auctioneers to the adoption of unwonted hours. At four o'clock on Monday afternoon, Mr Hailes (for Mr Neales, who had already officiated, at the usual hour, on the premises of Mr Stakemann) held a sale of land at North Adelaide The allotments offered were portions of acres 974 and 975. The company, pro- bably owing to the very hiief notice given, was the re- verse of numerous; and,- strange to say, those splendid frontages to the Park Land and River, with their com- manding view of the" everiasdng hills," remained unsold* The inferior, because back, allotments shared a better fate; most of them being sold at an average of about 10s per foot frontage to private streets. In every instance they were bought by parties who propose building thereon immediately. We understand that after the sale there was a rush of late arrivals for the superior allotments, or park frontages; and, as the payments are extended over a period of twelve months, we trust we shall soon have to congratulate onr fellow-colonists on the appearance of a line of substantial cottages in that most rural portion of the city of Adelaide. It is expected that the boiling-down establishment of Messrs Eider and Wark, at the Port, will commence operations in about three weeks. Already some six or eight trying-pots are erected, as well as extensive enclo- sures for the sheep and cattle. We unuetstand it is the intention of Captain Kersopp, of the Juno steamer, to purchase a couple of sections adjoining that of the South Australian Company, as above, for the same purpose. The people of the Port are already looking forward to cheap legs of mutton, which will be retailed, we hear, at sixpence each. Such is the scarcity of lawyers " at the Swan,"' that Mr Sherratt has actually made the voyage to this pro- vince, chiefly with a view to engage an equity barrister to return with him and prosccure a suit which no gen- tleman in the profession, there, is willing or able to un- dertake. If we correctly remember, it was the Goose that laid the golden eggs, and not the Swan ; and if the present lack of lawyers in the Western province may be accounted for in some such way, we can only remark that if the learned gentlemen have lost everything else, it is plain they have preserved their nous On the evening of the 31st ultimo , Mr Henry Wat- son, cf the Third Creek, had, unfortunately, his leg broken on the Gawler Plains, by the wheel of his dray passing over it. The leg was set by Dr. Coates, of Gawler Town, and the patient is doing well The Lord Bishop of Adelaide has purchased from the South Australian Company, 30 acres of land, at £30 per acre, in the vicinity of the Hackney Nursery. The site is elevated, convenient, and healthy, and being within the municipal limits, is in every way suita- ble for a commodious episcopal domain, and, upon the whole, not dear. On visiting tbe Exchange a day or two ago, our attention was attracted to a collection of specimens from a lode of considerable size, opened in section 1700, South Para district. The section was purchased at the last Government Land Sale by the Diirectors of the Enterprise Mining Company, and if the specimens, alluded to do not vouch for the existence of a very valuable copper lode, we can only say they will tempt, many connoisseurs to visit the property; and we shall greatly mistake if such visits do not produce a very favourable impression as to the real value of the Com- pany's shares. Our opinion is quite disinterested, but it is nevertheless strong, and we may add favourable in no small degree. The foundation-stone of the New Catholic School and. Temperance Hall, was laid on the 25th January, by the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, in the west end of Franklin- street. We asserted, confidently, the other day, in reference to the Emma Sherratt's affair, that Mr Owen would soon return, and vindicate himself from the imputations, so incautiously cast upon him during his protracted absence, as well as assert his commercial right in refer- ence to the vessel, of which he owned a moiety even, before his departure. The result has shown that we formed a proper estimate of Mr Owen's character j for though it had been industriously circulated by a certain, party that he was a fraudulent and an unprincipled man; and that having cheated the colonists and dis- honoured his acceptances, he was not likely again to. make his appearance in this colony, yet, singularly enough, whilst tne police kept watch upon the ill-fated vessel, in awful dudgeon, Mr Owen, though very unlike the ghost of Hamlet's father, makes quite as sudden a visitation, and the celebrated colloquy, slightly tra- vestied, would very well apply. Arm'd say you ? Arm'd my lord. From top to toe ? My lord, from head to foot. Wore he his heaver up ? And did it shine ? Not very much, It was a four-and-nine. But seriously, Mr Owen assures us, he is prepared to vindicate himself completely, and determined to do so, if it cost him his last shilling. As a proof that he is in right good earnest we may state that by virtue of an. order from the "Vice- Admiralty Court of this Province, he has prevented the unqualified departure of the Emma Sherratt, as intended by Messrs. Younghusband & Co., and has also, commenced an action against that firm for libel and defamation, laying his damages at £1,000. A train of actions are likely to follow this primary suit, after the ensuing civil sittings. At the Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Friday last, William Wyatt. Esq.. coroner, held an inquest on the body of Jo- seph Dobson, livery stable Keeper, at the port. The jury after hearing the evidence of Mr Risely, landlord of the Half- way-House, returned a verdict ot " Accidental death by falling out of a gig while in a state of intoxi- cation." [From the South Australian 4th February ] The Wheal Gawler Silver-Lead Mine, the oldest in the colony, having been opened in 1840 or 1841 is now worked by a few private gentlemen, and we are happy to find it is likely to reward their perseverence. Several lodes have been struck lately,and within these few days, one of especial promise, by a cross-cut at a depth of about fifteen fathoms, yielding ore similar to that of the O.G. lode at the Glen Osmond Mine. The Burra and Kapunda have spoiled our adventurers for minerals by their extraordinary immediate returns: but their is little doubt that many others, perhaps all which have been opened, require only a patient outlay at the com- mencement to become, if not Burras or Kapundas, very valuable properties. The attendance at Mr Neales's sale yesterday, was by no means large. An original Mount Remarkable share (£500) sold for £250. Paringa. £3 per acre. North Kapunda, sixty-six £5 shares, at £1; and an original £5 Burra Bur'a script, for £176—(£20 dividends to receive)—for the last bargain, £2 was immediately offered in the room. This would fix the price of regis- terel shares at £158. On Wednesday, night, a window, in the house of Mr Sander's, Currie street, was forced open, and a box re- moved, containing a ten pound note — money to nearly the same value — some trinkets and miscellaneous pro- perty. The empty box was. found near the premises, but we have not as yet heard that any further discovery has been made. On Sunday, last St. George's Church, in the ham- let of Woodforde, near Makgill, was opened and consecrated by his Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, assisted bv the Reverend Archdeacon Hale, Rev the Colonial Chaplain, and the Rev. Mr Wilson. The Bishop preached in the forenoon and Mr Wilson, in the afternoon. The Church accommodates about two hundred and fifty persons, and was crowded to the door by a very respectable congregation. The Bishop pleached from Hebrews xi., 8.9,10; and pointed out in a most impressive discourse, incidents in the life of Abraham the Father of the Faithful, while he sojour- ned in a far country, which was to him a land of promise, an example to them who were in like circumstances. We were much delighted with the Bishop's style of preaching; it is extremely simple, and though he does not use notes, faultless in the enuncia- tion His discourse was also seasoned and illustrated by numerous passages from Scripture, selected with ad- mirable taste, and was delivered with such fervour and earnestness as to show that his heart is in his work. He is evidently destined to prove a blessing to the Church in this colony. A collection was made at ihe conclusion of the services, which amounced to the sum of £26 10s, the largest, we believe, that has been made at the opening of any country Church. Match, £100 a side, one and a half mile heats; 10 stone 4 lbs. each. Mr Alexander Malcolm's b.g. Gift, aged (Rogers), beat Mr Joseph Barnett's br.v. Postboy, aged (Graham). Betting 5 to 4 on Gift. This affair„ which had created great interest and smart betting in our sporting circles, came off on Wednesday, -over St. John's course, in the presence of a fair muster of ama teurs aud others. C. J. F: Campbell, Esq., officiated as judge. The nags were brought to the post in tip-top condition, and at the word of command went away in good form for the first hcnt,Postboy making the nm n'ing, waited on by Gift to the gully, when the latter went up and challenged, ran together to the distance,, took the lead half way up the cords, and, after a capital race, won by about a length. In the. second heat Post boy rattled off with a strong lead for the first half mile, whan Gift drew upon "him, lessened the distance every stride, collared him at the straight running,, shook hint oft" at the distance, and won very easily by several lengths. The pace was very good throughout. 