~£ FQ^UNE-TElXlNa At the Middlesex sessions, Mary Ann Wilson, a little elderly woman, of the gipsy tribei and' a well- - known fortune-teller about Kingsland, .was indicted for havin? stolen a dress, the nronertv of a vouno Woman, a servant in a gentleman s lamily. Mr Prendergast appeared for the prisoner. The prosecutrix stated that one morning the pri soner came up to her while she was washing her master's steps, and urged her to have her fortune '' told. Not being disinclined to dip into futurity, after ; considerable pressing, she consented, and then arose the question of the ?* terms' upon which the ' pretty ( lady' was to be enlighted. The prisoner said her usual charge or fee was 5s., but eventually she said that she could tell her n fortune for 6d. Both parties having agreed, the opening of the mystery was com menced, but ere she had proceeded far the prisoner stopped, and said it was impossible she could divulge more unless she were paid another shilling. To this demand the girl acceded, and 'on' proceeded the story. But when the 'revealer' of the ' future , happiness' of her victim had reached that point whereat curiosity had been raised to its highest, she : again stopped, and said that she could not procVd ! any further in her revealraent without ' crossing. the r planet,' and that to insure a favourable reply V in writing' from the planet, it was absolutely necessary that the prosecutrix should give her her best gown to 'cross' the 'planet' in. Worked up to' the utmost pitch of anxiety to learn that which this planetary trip was to divulge — that was, the name of the handsome young man who was dying from love of the ' pretty lady' — the girl gave her the gown, upon receiving a promise that precisely at twenty minutes past seven o'clock on the following morning ' the prisoner would return, bringing with her the ' written paper' from the ' planet,' and also the \ gown. She next urged upon the girl that it would insure an additionally favourable writing if she were also to supply her with a pair of her master's boots ; but to this suggestion she at once turned a deaf ear. The prisoner then went off; after a sleepless night ; the girl rose on the following morning to be. ready to receive the ' ' written paper' from the 'planet,' and her best gown. Disappointment, however, awaited her, for the missionary to and from the ' planet' failed to make her appearanc. The prosecutrix underwent a searching cross- ? examination by Mr Prendergast, in the course of* which she stated, that she had no idea how the planet was crossed. She did not ask the prisoner how she herself crossed it. All she knew about the matter was, that the prisoner told her that to enable her to complete the prediction of her happy lot it was neces sary that she should 'cross the planet' attired in the witness's best gown, and that at a stated moment on the following morning she should be able to come back with a written paper from the planet, and return the gown. It had not occurred to her, that if the planet was not in a good humour he or she might not choose to let the messenger bring back the gown ; neither was she at all aware that it might depend on the will of the planet whether the gown should be ~ returned to her. She did not know what sort of a thing a planet was, nor whether it kept any sort of shop, or whether it carried on any description of business ; but after waiting Borne days, and finding that the prisoner did not come back, she began to think whether the planet was not a pawbroker's shop. The learned Judge, in summing up the case, said, that if, as the learned counsel had contended, the gown was a portion of the reward for the fortune being told, the condition had been violated, because that part of the matter for which the gown had been lent had not been brought from the planet. (Loud laughter.) The jury instantly returned a verdict of Guilty. The barned Judge told the prisoner, that although she professed to be able to predict the fortunes of others, it was clear she could not fortel her own. He would now do that for her — that was for the next six months at all events— for during that period he sentenced her to imprisonment in the Westminster Bridewell. The prosecutrix said, she would never have her . fortune told again, nor let her best gown pay a visit to the planet. One visit was enough. On the 23d July last, a man named Rhodes was brought up at the Salford Borough Court, under the Vagrant Act, charged with telling fortunes. Rhodes has resided for some time in a small street, in Oldsfield Road, and was doing a very capital business. He had circulated cards, in which ho styled himself a 'herb doctor;' but to those who had visited him at his residence, he gave another card, of which the following is a copy :— J. Rhodes Anael, professor of astronomy, astrology, and mesmeric phrenology, at J. Rhodes*!, — — street, Oldfield Road, back of—— street, may be consulted on the following terras :— Questions on life, health mar riage, absent friends, their health, success, or return, whether successful io business, property, journey, &c;, at Is each. N.B. — Nativities calculated in full on reason able terms. Some person into whose hands one of these cards had fallen, took the trouble to enclose it to Captain Sheppard the chief constable of police, Salford, and he instantly directed Inspector Taylor to apprehend Rhodes. When taken in custody, ho was found in company with a respectably-dreBsed female, to whom he was communicating some in formation that appeared to be shown by a number of signs and figures that lay before them. In his house were found a number of books containing calculations as to nativities. Those books were regularly numbered and indexed, seemingly for the purpose of reference. Several works on astrology, a large slate, on which were represented the twelve signs of the zodiac, and a Bank of Economy note for £10 were also found. In addition to those things, there were found a number of small memo randum books, in which the result of astrological observations and the names of parties were entered. Those'books also contained some descriptions of character. On a closer examination of the bocks, &c;, found at Rhodes's house, the police discovered a form of conjuration of the most blasphemous character. In the form, a man's name was inserted, and, on examination of the books it was found that a female, to whom this man had been paying his addresses, had applied to Rhodes, to know whether he would remain faithful to her; and, in order to secure his fidelity, it is supposed that she repeated . the following : — 1 charge and conjure thee though (thou) strong and powerful angel of this very day and hour that For me though (thou) Labours by the Power of the Resurrection and on Pain of everlasting Condemnation and by all the Holiness of Heaven, or in Heaven, and by the Holy Father, whose name is Eleom, and by onr Lord Jesus Christ, and by tbe Holy Ghost, that though (thou) causes George Hoult to stick to me and to abide by me and my wishes, as I abide by him. Through our Lord Jesus Christ. Tbe prisoner was summarily committed to hard labour for a month. 