"GERALDINE. A TALE OF CONSCIENCS. Vol. 111. CHAP. XVI. "'Wtrn graterdl heart Geraldine saw arrive the eve 'Of the spiritual retreat, which commences eight days -previously to'thereception of novices, and termi tes aftes after massand communion on the morning -of the ceremony. After she and her sister recluses had received the parting Mlessing from the mother tsuperior, and from thecommunity their sisterly kiss and promise of prayers, they went immediately to the choir, to read the meditation proper for thpt night In presence of the blessed sacrament. .Here'Geraldine raised 'her -heart in thanksgiving for the 'blessed prospect before her. She was -on the eve:of her spiritual journey into the. •desert, and already did she enter into the rapture' -which her soul-was about toenjoy. She had, indeed, with the psalmist, ionged'for the time when, alone -withl:God, apart from -creatures, and all human -sources of refreshment dried vp in ter heart, the "dew of divine grace from. the sanctuary might le 'fresh'her spiritto behold his power and glory. She 'had watched for her divine spouse from the dawn of " day-her soul had thirsted after him. O. by 'how Smany titles did 'her wholoebeing belongto him, and mnow her soul was replenished with'hisbenediction, and Sfilled with rapturous joy ! Never since the spiritual favours bestowed on-her previous to her widowhood, had Geraldine received such abundant graces. She -began Ithe points of -her meditation, buther mind grasped at once all that could be written, and 'her 'heart required no stimulus. " My belovedto me, -and I to him i" all was- comprised in this union of 'the creature with-her Creator-the redeemed and -her 'Redeemer, the sanctified and the sanctifier, the 'penitent in renewed innocence, and the-God of all 'purity and love . Geraldine entereti her cell, and 'its very walls -seemed strengthened in peace. "O. whence is this 'to me'" cried she, sinking on her knees, " that thou, my God, ifhouldst visit me with such abundant mercy P Well dot know,that in an instant all can 'be, witdrawn,'and i 'be left a trembling, -desolate creature. All this is thy free gift, there 'fore4'vill'I praise, and -bless,and love thee with all my'being." ' lius'passed the eight daysof 'Geraldine's retreat, .witlh'but-one exception occurring to disturb this holy -peace. This was a return of that strong attraction to' the cloister, which had before induced her to -esign this her first vocation, and which the spiritual consolations experienced during this retreat seemed to favour;' but our heroine well knew this to be a 'temptation from the enemy; and therefore resisted it with success, and hailed, with equal joy to that with which she'had entered'her retreat, the happy morn i·ng which bade her " come tforth from the desert leaning upon-her beloved." Little- mattered it to Geraldine that crowds were 'assembledlo witness the ceremony, or that she was -once more arrayed in bridal attire. She felt nothing but the presence of the blessed sacrament, of the bishop and priests of God, and of the holy brethren -of the religious orders, who were around her. Among them also stood that English priest, Whose feelings were the most personally interested in the sacred scene. Before the procession of religious moved towards the choir, headed by the cross-bearer, and singing the hymn ""O, Gloriosa Virginum," Geraldine and her companions had asked, on their knees, the mother-superior's blessing, and her permission to take the names they had chosen in religion. The sermon was preached from the altar, by the provincial of the Capuchin Friars, who was the confessor extraordinary to the convent, during which the postulants were seated before him; and the glowing picture he drew of the religious life, espe ciall? that devoted to" Mercy," came with double effect from one whose unremitting labours amongst the suffering and dying poor, were well known to all who heard him. At the conclusion of the sermon the postulants were led up the steps of the altar, and" thus interrogated severally by the bishop. M" My child, what do you demand P" `Our heroine who was the eldest, first replied. " The mercy of God, and the holy habit of re ligion P' \- "Is it with your own free will," said the bishop, * that you demand the holy habit of religion P ." Yes, my lord," replied our heroine. S"'Reverend mother," said the bishop, turning to t the superioress, " have you made the necessary in quiries, and are'you satisfied P'" \- "~Yes, my lord," replied she. M' y child." continued the Bishop to Geraldine, I " iaveyou a firm intention to persevere in religion e to the end of your life, and do you hope to have a suflicient strength' to carry constantly the sweet a yoke of our Lord Jesus Christ solely for the love c and fear'of.God P' r S'Relying on the mercy of God." replied Geral dine, " I hope to be able to do so." 'The Bishop then said, rising from his chair, :' 'hiat God has commenced in you may He perfect. MRy 'the Lord banish from you tihe old man withl his works." 'fo which, Geraldine having answered " Amen," she arose from her knres, and made way for each of her companions in turn. When all had replied to the Bishop's questions,'they retired, with the mother superior and assistant, to exchange their worldly dress for that of religion. While this was in progress, the assembled voices of the priests intoned, in solemn chant, the psalm, "In exitu Israel ;" and these deep impressive sounds were prolonged, till a female voice, floating in liquid sweetness, took (up another strain, demanding, as the novices were descried slowly advancing. " Qum eat ista," ce., " Who is she that cometh up from the desert, flowing with delights, leaning upon her be loved P Thou art all fair, my beloved, meek and beautiful. Come from Libanus, my spouse, come from Libanus. Come, thou shalt be crowned." The novices, having returned to the altar, then knelt during the prayers applicable to their change of dress. After which, the mother-superior, receiving the leathern cincture of the order from the bishop, put it on the eldest novice, while he said, " When thou wast younger, thou didst gird thyself, and didst walk where thou wouldst, but when thou shalt be old, another shall gird thee. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Geraldine then kneeling, the mother assistant took off' the simple veil which had merely served. until she should' from the altar receive that which was blessed. The bishop then holding this blessed veil above her head said, " Receive the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou mayest fol low the Lamb without spot, and -mayest walk with huim in white. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghoat. Amen." The mother-superior then fixed the veil, and Geraldine, rising, received the white choir cloak of the order from the bishop, and presenting it to the superioress was clothed in it, the bishop saying." May theLord restore to thee the robe of immortality, which thou didst lose in the prevarication of thy first parent. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Being now clothed in the full habit of the order, Geraldine again knelt, holding. herblessed taper, while the bishop, after sprinkling her with holy water, prayed in an audible voice, extending his hands over her. Theresa, Emma, and little Jane, then severally advanced, the latter receiving from the hands of the bishop the lay sister's white apron, worn under the cincture and beads, in badge of servitude.. After which, turning to the altar, in the name of each no vice, the bishop entoned the " Regnum mundi," &c.; " The empire of the world, and all tile grandeur of this earth., I have despised for the love of our Lord Jesus Christ, whom I have seen, whom I have loved, in whom I have believed, and towards whom my heart inclineth." After the first sentence, the female voice and full chorus alternately sang the rest, when the novices in unison took up the strain,saying,"My heart hath uttered a good word, I speak my works to the king. I have chosen to be an abject in the house of my Lord Jesus Christ. Glory be to the Father,. &c.;" As the chorus finished the ' Quem vidi," the novices prostrated themselves before the altar; the bishop, the religious sisterhood, and all knelt; while, in the solemn Gregorian chant, was sung the " Veni Creator." Many holy and inspiring prayers followed; and then, the mother-assistant directing the novices to rise, conducted them to the mother- superior, to whom, in succession, they knelt; while slhe,raising, *embraced them, and the sisterly kiss of peace and welcome now followed with all the nuns. while the joyous psalm was sung in full chorus, " Ecce quam bonum." " Behold how good, and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity," &c.; at the end of which, the religious sisters retired from the sanctuary of the chapel, through the choir, into the convent, and the congratulations recommenced with less form and much cheerfulness and affection; the new novices, with an especial tie of interest, gazing on each other, and giving heartfelt thanks to their heavenly spouse, who had thus called and blessed them. bTo be continued.) 