THE IRVINGITES IN LONDON.–A writer in the North British Mail gives the following curious description of the service of the Irvingites, in Islington, which he says he went to see, "after hearing an able discourse from Mr. Weir, in the Presbyterian Church." adjoining :–"I was struck at once with the singularly Catholic aspect of the place. In the middle aisle stood a large bap- tismal font. In the front was the altar, ascended by a flight of steps, and surmounted by a 'tabernacle.' To the left, as you enter, is the pulpit, a little way removed from the altar. On the right of the altar stands the chair assigned to the 'angel,' rearing its mitred top to a great height. On either side are seats for the inferior ministers, like stalls in a cathedral. There were fifty or sixty persons present, among whom were not more than ten men, besides the performers, who were very numerous. After we had waited a few minutes, there issued from a side door five persons, dressed in black gowns with capes, which were trimmed with white, and some with red. They sat down on a seat in front of the altar. After a little, they were followed by two others, dressed in white surplices. The first, who was the 'angel,' had over the surplice a black scarf, with a cross on it behind. The second had a red scarf, and, having opened the pulpit door for the 'angel,' he sat down near it. The 'angel' then began the service by saying, 'In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;' and the men in black chanted 'Amen.' He did not, however, make the sign of the cross on his face with his hand, though it occupies a conspicuous place before the prayers in the Liturgy, in which the directions are in red letters, and all the pages are bordered with red lines. After a short prayer, which was half-chanted, the 'angel' preached his sermon, on the 'Earnest of the Spirit.' The discourse was prosy, tautological, and mystical. He then retired, followed by the men in black. Soon after, the Communion Service commenced. First appeared two boys in white surplices ; next, at intervals, came the Priests, to the number of fourteen, ranging themselves at the seats on each hand of the altar, to which most of them did obeisance as they passed it in front. They were clothed in large white surplices, surmounted with black capes, and over these were suspended from the neck, a long belt or narrow scarf. These ornaments were of many colours, white, black, blue, green, and red. Four of these Priests, who were in front, had red stripes hanging from their left shoulders. Last entered the 'angel,' or High Priest, marching solemnly to the sound of the organ, in gor- geous vestments, which gave him a most imposing appearance. He bowed to the altar and proceeded to his throne, where he stood while one of the Priests read an exhortation from the Prayer Book. Then they began to pray. They do not 'elevate the host;' but, after a benediction, hand it round in silence. They used to have large lighted candles on the altar in daylight ; but they have given them up with the strange tongues. The prayers are mostly copied from the Liturgy of the English Church. There are six or seven of these churches in the metropolis, all miserably attended, and in a declining state. The numerous staff of priests, or Evan- gelists, is composed, I understand, of enthusiastic persons, being clerks, &c.;" FATAL CONFLICT WITII POACHERS.–The estates of His Grace the Duke of Cleveland, Raby-park, at Staindrop, in Durham, have been the scenes of most fearful conflicts between poachers and game- keepers. The evidence given before the coroner's jury, states the subjoined facts :–Between seven and eight on the 3rd instant, two watchers in the service of the Duke of Cleveland, at Raby-park, named John Shirley and Joseph Cockerell were going their rounds, when, hearing some shots fired, they proceeded in the direction of a place called Willow-bed, and there saw four men, two of whom were armed with guns. Directly the gamekeepers came up, one of the party, named Thompson, called upon them to stand back, or he would fire. The keepers made an effort to capture them, and a des- perate battle ensued. They were fired upon by the poachers, and, notwithstanding Shirley, one of the watchers, said he was shot, he endeavoured to overcome Thompson, and secure him. Thompson, however, raised his gun, and beat him over the head with the but- end of it, the force of which broke it, and the barrel was subse- quently found near the spot. Cockerell, the other keeper, suffered severely, and it was a matter of surprise he was not then and there killed. The poachers then decamped, with the belief that both poor fellows were dead. Cockerell managed to drag his companion to a neighbouring cottage, where he shortly expired. The police were then dispatched, and in a short time they were apprehended, and satisfactorily identified at the inquest on the body. The jury re- turned a verdict of "Wilful murder" against William Thompson, William Dawson, and James Oldfield." REVENUE OF THE BISHOP OF CHESTER.–The present ostensible revenue of the Bishop of Chester is £1,894 ; the annual value £3,250. The future ostensible revenue will be £4,500. The re- venue of the late Archbishop of Canterbury was £56,000, reduced to £ 15,000 per annum ; so that the Bishop of Chester's translation will be a leap from a comparatively small income to a very hand- some one, even after so immense a reduction.–Globe. ARMS OF THE GERMAN CONFEDERATION.–The Diet have de- cided that the old imperial eagle, and the colours of the old imperial banner of Germany (black, red, and gold), shall be the arms and colours of the German Confederation. Besides the garrison of Dublin, which is about 4,000 strong, 2,000 more are being called in from the surrounding districts. Twelve troops of cavalry have arrived from Dundalk, Newry, and Newbridge, some of whom have been quartered in the cavalry bar- racks, and the remainder furnished with temporary accommodation in our large livery establishments. Four regiments of infantry, 75th, 85th, 55th, and 2nd, have either arrived or are moving on the city, and the artillery corps, at the Pigeon-house, has been strength- ened. All the infantry have been served with ninety rounds per man–sixty in cartouche-box, and thirty in knapsack.–Correspon- dent of Daily News. THE NONJURORS OVER AGAIN.–I hear that the threat which frightened some of our Bishops was, that 8000 of the Clergy were going to form a Nonjuring Church if Dr. Hampden's confirmation took place. Something was whispered, too, of obtaining ordination from the Scotch Bishops for the Secession Church. Your readers may recollect that Mr. Froude suggested the idea in his correspondence; and Mr. Keble, one of the present triumvirate of Tractarian leaders, was known to be fa- vourable to Nonjuring principles as long ago as 1832.– Oxford Correspondent of the Church and State Gazette. SLAVE TRADE.–The steamer Styx has captured thir- teen slave vessels during her services on the coast of Africa. They comprise brigs and brigantines, and alto- gether amount to 2,000 tons of shipping which that steamer has removed from the traffic. All of them have been condemned. SPECIAL COMMISSION.–EXECUTION.–James Crowe was executed on the 19th instant at Ennis, for the mur- der of Mr. James Watson. The convict Howard, who was to have been executed for the murder of Johanna and Cornelius Hourigan, has been reprieved in conse- quence of the exertions, particularly of the Rev. Mr. Enright, of which the following account is given in the Limerick and Clare Examiner :–"The day on which Renihan was executed, the Rev. Mr. Enright, believing in the innocence of Howard, resolved to have an inter- view with Hourigan, the principal prosecutor against him, and happened to meet him in his house a few mi- nutes before the time fixed upon for the execution. After speaking to him for a short time, he took out his watch, and looking at it said the executioner was at that moment pinioning the arms of the man that was to die. Again, in a few minutes after, he looked at his watch a second time, and turning to Hourigan, said 'The prisoner is now standing on the verge of eternity,' and dwelt on the solemnity of the scene. In a few seconds after he again said 'Phil, he is now before the tribunal of God, and, though he has sinned, he has paid the penalty: let us pray for the repose of his soul.' Hourigan was moved by the touching appeal of the pious, zealous, and per- severing pastor; he did pray, as directed, and the Rev. gentleman, seizing upon the favorable moment, asked him why he had sworn away the lives of innocent men ? ' Because,' said he, ' I wanted revenge. A girl came to me from Ballinvasradeen and told me that Howard came to her brother and asked him to go with him to murder the Hourigans, and I thought it too bad not to have satisfaction. 'Then,' said Mr. Enright, 'you were not in the haggard ?' ' No, sir.' You swore falsely?' 'Yes, sir.' 'You were at your brother's house?' 'I was, sir.'–Then turning to the little girl, 'And, my little child, why did you swear against innocent men to take away their lives?' The little girl cried, and replied, 'I was put up to it, sir.'" Further inquiries were in con- sequence made, the evidence was sifted, a deputation waited on the Lord Lieutenant, by whom the case was referred to the Queen and the Judge who condemned Howard, and the result was a reprieve. GLASGOW.–SECRECY OF THE CONFESSIONAL.–The Daily News mentions a case worthy of some notice, in which the confessor and the magistrate lately came into collision. It appears that on Saturday the 29th ultimo, a boy at a school in Glasgow, kept by Patrick Donnelly, was charged by his teacher with having stolen a one- pound note from him. The boy was accordingly appre- hended on the charge, and locked up. On Monday, however, the plaintiff came to the Police-office, and stated that the Catholic priest had sent him the missing note, and informed him that the accused party was not guilty. Upon this the magistrate sent for the priest, and endeavoured to make him tell the name of the real thief. Nothing, however, would induce the priest to give that information. He said that the police authorities might take what steps they thought fit, but that he would dis- close nothing whatever upon the subject. The result was, that the boy who was accused has been liberated, after an imprisonment of two days, and nothing further has taken place.–It may not be uninteresting to quote in connection with the above a remarkable case of the like kind, which happened a few months since in Balti- more, in the United States. The particulars are given as follows in the United States Catholic Magazine:– "On September 23, 1847, the office of Mr. Hutton, situated in North-street, was robbed of notes and certifi- cates amounting to between thirteen and fourteen thou- sand dollars, and the house, on the evening of the same day, was fired. The Sunday following all the papers that had been taken from Mr. Hutton's desk were re- stored to him through the Rev. Mr. Hickey, assistant Pastor of the Cathedral. Some days after, a judicial inquiry taking place, Mr. Hickey was called to appear as a witness before the grand jury, and being placed on his oath, made the following answer–'I am a priest, belonging to the Catholic Church, and a citizen of Mary- land ; I know nothing of these papers in any other way than in my capacity as a priest; I am unwilling to state anything that is communicated to me in that capacity; I know nothing relative to the matter as a citizen.' Mr. Richardson, the Attorney-General, then stated that he had nothing else to ask him, and as his justification for not doing so, referred the court to the case of Broad v. Pitt, 3rd Carrington, and Payne 518, in which the point was decided, and one of the judges expressed the opinion of the court by saying–'I for one will never compel a clergyman to disclose communications made by a pri- soner, but if he choses to disclose them, I shall receive them in evidence.' Mr. Richardson referred further to a similar case, which occurred at New York in 1812, when the Rev. Anthony Kohlmann was cited as witness of what he learned in the Confessional. De Witt Clinton, the presiding judge in that case, had decided it in favour of the witness. The court thereupon remarked, that further, under the Bill of Rights, they could not think of pressing an inquiry in such a case. The Attorney General then stated that the case was closed on the part of the State." CONNEXIONS OF FRANCE AND IRELAND.–The Count de Montalembert, in his letter to Mr. John O'Connell, talks of the ancient connexions between France and Ire- land. These are stronger than the English people understand. From 1691 to 1791 fifteen thousand Irish were constantly in the French service. At Lenden, at Nerwinden (where Sarsfield fell), at Cremona, at Al- manza, Fontenoy, &c.;, these regiments greatly distin- guished themselves. By a decree of the Regent Duke of Orleans, 1746, every Irish Catholic was to be consi- dered a native of France. Few of the old nobility are without Irish blood. Thus, the wretched Duc de Praslin was the representative of Marshal the Viscount Clare, who commanded the Irish at Fontenoy. The Duc de Fitzjames represents worthily the great Duke of Berwick whose wife was daughter of Lord Clanricarde, and widow of Sarsfield. Marshal Bugeaud's mother was Miss Sutton de Clonard (in the county of Wexford). Ge- neral Lamoriciere, the best officer in France, is also a Irish by his mother. Colonel M'Mahon, to whom Abd- el-Kader surrendered, Marshal Reilly, Count Bourke, Colonel Cantillon, Count M'Carthy, Viscount Walsh, O'Dillon Barrot, and a host of counts and countesses, in the Faubourg Saint Germain, still retain their Irish names; but numbers of others have adopted, as is usual in France, the names of their estates. These, and the remnant of the '98 at Paris, associate little; they have, however, one feeling in common–a great dislike to the British name and nation. Bugeaud, while in command in Algeira, promoted the Irish much. The Foreign Legion is full of them. Its interpreter, the best Eastern scholar in France, was M. de Slane, a native of Eccles- street, Dublin, as he himself told the writer of this ar- ticle. Colonel Sutton was his principal aide-de-camp. On Saint Patrick's Day, the Marshal of Isly and most of his staff, sported the trefoil on the plains of Africa; and the Irish portion of the Foreign Legion, including our great poet's son, poor Moore, went to Mass to the tune of "St. Patrick's Day in the Morning." TURIN.–THE NEW SARDINIAN CONSTITUTION.–The following is the basis of the constitution recently granted by King Charles Albert to his subjects :– "It is at present agreeable for us to declare that we have to adopt the following bases of a fundamental sta- tute, in order to establish in our states a complete sys- tem of representative government : "Art. 1. The religion Catholic, Apostolic, and Ro- man, is the only religion of the State. All other modes of worship now existing, are tolerated according to the laws. "Art. 2. The person of the King is sacred and invio- lable. His Ministers are held responsible. "Art. 3. To the King alone belongs the executive power. He is the supreme Chief of the States; he commands the sea and land forces; he concludes all treaties of peace, alliance, and commerce; he nomi- nates to every employment and gives every order ne- cessary for the execution of the laws, without sus- pending the observance of the laws, or dispensing with them. "Art. 4. The King alone sanctions and promulgates the laws. "Art. 5. All justice emanates from the King, and is administered in his name. He can grant pardon and commute penalties. "Art. 6. The legislative power will be collectively by the King and by the two Chambers. "Art. 7. The first Chamber will be composed of members chosen by the King. for their life ; the second will be elective, on the basis of an annual tax, which shall be determined upon. "Art. 8. The proposing of laws shall belong to the King and to each of the Chambers. But every law re- lative to taxation shall be first proposed to the Elective Chamber. "Art. 9. The King convokes the two Chambers yearly ; he prorogues their sessions, and can dissolve the Elective Chamber, but in this case he convokes another in the space of four months. "Art. 10. No tax can be assessed or levied without having been voted by the Chambers and sanctioned by the King. "Art. 11. The press will be free, but subjected to repressive laws. "Art. 12. Individual liberty will be guaranteed. "Art. 13. The Judges, except those of the manda- mento, shall be for life, after having been in exercise of their functions for a certain space of time, which shall be determined upon. "Art. 14. We reserve to ourself the establishing of a communal militia, composed of persons paying an annual tax, the amount of which shall be fixed. "This militia will be placed under the orders of the administrative authorities, and under the dependence of the Minister of the Interior. "The King can suspend it or dissolve it in such places as he shall consider necessary." LORD MASSAREENE ON IRISH ABSENTEE LANDLORDS. –At the meeting of the Antrim Farming Society, on Thursday week, a speech of a very extraordinary cha- racter was delivered by Lord Massareene, who acted as chairman at the dinner. When his health had been proposed, he remarked that landlords had had a great deal to do, and that they had met with a large share of abuse, not only from English papers, but from a class of men for whom he had no epithet sufficiently strong to express his disgust–he alluded to the Irish absentee landlords. (Cheers.) He then proceeded to say that the House of Commons had usurped too much power– that there was not at present those separate influences exerted by Queen, Lords, and Commons, which had ex- isted under the old constitution; but that he would be disposed to have secured the present powers exercised by the House of Commons if it would pass one act of justice–if it would pass a measure confiscating the pro- perty of every Irish absentee landlord. (Hear, hear.) It was the fashion of England to speak in terms of ad- miration of Irish absentee landlords; but he believed that the views of the Irish people were, and he con- sidered them just views, that though an absentee land- lord were to send his whole income over to Ireland, he would not do half as much good as if he were to live in Ireland, spending only one-fourth of his income amongst his tenantry. (Cheers.) The money would not effect the change which is on all hands considered desirable. (Hear, hear.) It is necessary that landlords should give advice and assistance–that they should encourage kindly feelings between themselves and their tenants, and that it should be clearly understood what is the best manner in which he can dispose of that money which he is willing to expend for the benefit of the peo- ple among whom he lives. For his (Lord Massareene's) own part, he would rather stand his chance to be shot at once a week in Ireland than live among the cold-hearted people of England. (Hear, hear, and cries of "There's no fear of your being shot.")–Correspondent of the Morning Chronicle. ST. JOHN'S, ISLINGTON.–BAPTISM OF ADULT CON- VERTS.–On Sunday last, at the Church of St. John's, Islington, took place the interesting and beautiful cere- mony of the public reception of a whole family into the Catholic Church, their baptism and confirmation. High Mass commenced at eleven o'clock, the Rev. Mr. Lea being the Celebrant, the Rev. Mr. Bonacina officiating as Deacon, and the Rev. Mr. Lewis as Sub-Deacon. Previous to the Canon, the members of the Society of the Blessed Sacrament, in red and white rosettes, en- tered within the altar rails, and held lighted candles till the close of the elevation. The Council of the Guild of St. John the Evangelist were also present, habited in their official cloaks. After Mass was over, the ceremony of the Baptism commenced. The Right Rev. Dr. Wiseman ascended the altar, attired in a violet cope and stole, and with a white mitre. His Lordship then de- livered an eloquent address to the congregation on the ceremony they were about to witness. He pointed out the deep symbolism of every part of the ritual, which made it so full of meaning to the Catholic mind, how- ever want of familiarity might make it seem strange to others. Such a ceremony, indeed, as the public baptism of adults had not taken place for many years–here, probably, not since the Reformation. In explaining the reason of the many repetitions in the, service, caused by the circumstance that these rites were distributed in the earlier ages over the whole of Lent, being finally re- ceived at the great seasons of Easter and Whitsuntide, but now are condensed into a single service, his Lord- ship beautifully showed the necessity of a symbolic ritual in those primitive times, when the great kings and the wise philosophers of heathenism were found in the crowd of catechumens, pressing into the portal of the Church. The deep, complicated rites would penetrate their soul with doctrine, and teach them how vast a thing it was which they were taking up, how complete and childlike the submission needed. To us the ceremonies were bright and strong links connecting us with the remotest past. The very sight we were about to see would con- vey to the mind the unity and identity of the Faith. We might see with our eyes the very scene of a Gregory or a Leo, in one of those old basilicas, receiving their con- verts into the Church; or, earlier still (for they only handed down what they had received), it would help us to realise what was done by the same Church in the age of such as St. Laurence and St. Agnes, and so onwards through the Apostolic times to its first origin and source. The Bishop then entreated the prayers of the faithful present for those young plants who were just rooted in the Faith, and made holy exhortations to the converts themselves. After this the converts assembled at the door of the sacristy, and the first part of the service commenced; the various exorcisms, interrogations, pro- fessions of faith, &c.;, which are ordinarily performed in the porch. The converts being introduced into the the Church, they knelt down in front of the altar, in number, eight, two of them young men, and the rest fe- males. Of the latter, five, we believe were sisters. Then the Bishop, having put on a gold mitre instead of the other, and a white cope and stole, proceeded to baptise them successively. After the baptism proceeded the beautiful ceremony of giving each of the converts a white robe and a burning light, with the charge that they were to keep their robes without stain, and their lamps burn- ing unto the judgment-seat of Christ, that they might have eternal life, and live for ever and ever. To see those converts, most of them young, in their white robes and veils, kneeling before the altar, with lights in their hands was a truly affecting sight, when we remembered what a great thing had been done, and what was before them. Immediately after this followed the ceremony of Confirma- tion, when the newly-baptised, and twelve others, also recent converts, received that sacrament. The Bishop then retired into the sacristy, preceded by the Council of the Guild above-mentioned, the Acolytes, and the clergy present. The service terminated at three o'clock. The congregation was very large, and a great portion of it consisted of Protestants. We did not hear the names of the converts, or of the sponsors, but we are informed the latter were persons of high rank. The ceremonies throughout were characterised by a certain purity of taste, which harmonised well with the beautiful simplicity of the church itself, and must have edified all who beheld them.–Tablet, March 18. 