, IjrBfrARVGAZRTTE. J10NSIKC&\- HKJOCQ AND HIS \ JJBpKjafcRS, AfiRLXQH.OF iaffi -BOUBQEOISE" LUsEOFPARlS. , 'riow tflh wifchor alberic second. \Concludtd from Monday" i publication. Chapter VI. I L f V -i- l- TVs «« the courteous render who hns. done us the honour of following us to far in our humble narrative, . some explanation relative to the sud- . den . disappearance of M. Jobit. The ' ea-commis-voyBgeur' had \- fancied he recognised in the person of a postr-hy , one of the old com- , paoiops of his theatrical days, and Jobit, to vVhom the rememberance of hie past' tolsery ;„wai ever dear and precious,, .as ihe recollect ions of storm n<) -shipwreck- -ate dear to the heart . cif the aailor who heed no longer dread'the fury t>f the ocean, M. Jo hn, without thinking any more of the ' friisfc whom be had Jeff behind in the omnibus, bad started off in pursuit of the new-comer. And be it said jo the praise of the soa;-of the vestal, that that man must have been en dowed with the. very. heat of memo ries .who could 'have recognised in the poor wretch who paced sadfy and umbrellaless along the muddy streets, the brilliant young 'first lover,' who had formerly beeu the theatrical pet of many and various provincial towns and Tillages- He was then named Saint Eugene; hut, alas! he was no longer but the shadaof That ancient Saint Eugene. His ctybplevion had become dread fully pimpled, his eyes were blood shot j : his .teeth, formerly bo white, and which, if his own account was to be believed', '-hud formerly availed him-p much in various loye-afiairs, had Ipat their.- enamel, and gained a mobt debldad tint of raw sienna, Ibaolck to the inimodetate use of to- baccp ; his . ringlets — his beautiful hfaeh ringlets, which "he bad loved o ivell, far from blushing for quit ting him, had hjppome; white, the in- grates ! and the greater portion of his eyebrows end eyelashes had fol- Jowed their example, ' and had gone whfere all things go- " The;" ihp'de' of Saint Eugene wgs mpsf nufragepusiy thin,. not that deli cate and aristocratic slightnessof form vhich ijr 'almost Wlwaya the signet of distinction ati pf "blood, hut thai scpQggy weagreness which is horrible to behold, inasmuch as it permits its poignant miseries to be discovered through its rank and suffering forms. AUhnligV Jphn pai Joi sight of his comrade for'upwards <of twenty years, be "recognised ! the ' costume. The UfiToruh(i(ehad talcep to the use of his theatrical hrfttdro'be ; he wore a off of velvet ' redingote," fashioned by aoine inexperienced snip into the garrarntdf ClitBTidre, or' Valere; As (o"hjk ipexpresslbles,. too short' by ferpfal fnhfji .they ' ivere so cruelly drawn in npposite. directions — on one side -hyththraces; and the other by |h|: atapj.-'that in .looking at f hem fop cputd put heJp recalling to mind that refined torture of which Pro- vrlisteswasthe ipventor. '.efbre attacking the shade of Saint .Sobit anmplacently ad-, himseirin tbe frontage of a 'lckatculSerVfibou. Everybody knows ttat'eh etc ul i e rs hav e JLong nee aban- ojjhff iW QfUjt'.fJiirtj'. sous panes UX tge thowy. four - hundred franc thtxu of plat glass. A simple glance xrttjefed lb jpin fiddl? hi heart' with a f M,: Mt. .WPt V iP>U found himself A fseifetlly tfcaeh ana rosy, of an 'imboEpMBl' at the same ' time so ' iQ W PPW9.W ayidwsw i » pre- Wrily apttoarlj tiffined, that he could i w>b 'bplrtshiantljy thanking Prpvi- lem/ pa'ptbd, ihfeptthfedjiKe old cdmedigfi. who SrpihefQie the char- :uApll!ndtAv. where, with aadly >hwrtpljj|iye -eye he was occupied iehf: tiiBwent WdgW features. ' Why.Mess tne I'1 exclaimed Jo-' »t,'tKkihg"him tipon the'' shoulder, ''U; .ASAaM ftw»ect«d . interpellation, .old U fiftt ri iyer" 'drew himself! jflPjtji&ujlly; 'apd', -9j£ Wr. after W tfe ofr two or three sfoonds, K: whbhj haVevI the ' 'honour : of Tr; ' .he ,' Ann.' JW18& "feOl rtpiied .Jobit.-fbdfejrou'.ao", SBjI guise bnt»ld'qdmr(itltl" - K A ctjaiJe'l'VliRfihjSj1® 9B9K htqV. cleared. j<p ipsiitfrtahc-., W'l i " ou a player V'. . v - flg4 I hai'C played 'by your aide for four yeais. Don't ypu remember Jobit?" " Whatl little Claude?" " Himself." " You are little Claud? Jobit !" " In person." Saint Eugene made one step back-, ward, opened his arras, and, in a voice, the tragic accent pf which clearly testified that he had. aban doned the 'Jirst lovers' for the ' heavy fathers' line of business, he cried, — . . " Come to my arms, -my son I — to my heart ! — into my bosom, that is your place !" In spite of the tpnderness of this apostrophe, Jobit thought it Letter to'; nip it in the bud, and, as about a dosen passers-by had already begun to form themselves into curious, groups, he passed his arm under that of Saint Eugene, and hurried him ra pidly away. While proceeding, the old come dian began a formal interrogatory. It was a deluge of questions, an avalanche of words, which crossed, mingled, and rolled one into the other. " O chaiice, fantqstic chancel' as the fellow says in the Saltimbaques ; here iB a chance, and — But do you know you are well covered ! What luxury i)i your costjume ! I would have taken you for at 'agent de change'or a retired blacking merchant. | What have you done lobe so rich? Have you plundered a caravan ? Have you discovered an uncle in America, or are you the inventor of some gigantic cabbage ? It is quite im possible that the dramatic art can have alone oonduced to such a result. | Why, in truth, nothing is wanting; j varnished boots, fine linen, gloves at twenty-nine sous the pair, a gold watph-guard, and a new hat. A new hat I To think that for four teen years I have sighed after a new hat; and that I am still re duced to the mournful necessity of supplying, myself -at tlie TempJe l Ah, my good Claude, times are very hard i The art is gping to the devil ; dramatic enterprises arc in a consumption ; and the actors are dying .. r i ui ' uuiigcr. " But, in the name pf all that is wonderful, tell me what means you have used to reach the height you occupy ? Are you a tenor singer ? Ah, if you were a tenor singer, nothing wpuld astonish pie 4 1 should only l>e surprised at not having met you in yourcarriage. But 110 that's impossible ; I remember that at La Rqchelle you murdered even the airs of" Celine," and'- l'Ecu de sixfrancs." Then how is the mystery , to be ex plained ? for in short, I — I who now addresB you — ypu Jcnow me ; you have seen me at the work, you know whatl am worth ; you can say whether Thalia and kfelpemone possess many high-priests wprthy , of beiag -com pared to we or po.. Well, my boy, nothing has succeeded with me ; what with managerial quarrels, and then women, and1 one thing or an other. In short, I am without an engagement. My boxes are full of crowns and newspaper articles , hut unfortunately, this is a coin which dqes not pass current among the restaurants!" These melancholy words filled Jobit's compassionate heart with grief : and, as they passed a cafe, the son ot the vestal proposed' to his comrade that they should enter and take a glass of beer together. Saint Eiigeua accepted the proposition ; to the great astonishment of the waiters, ' he ordered in succession three bread- baiketsfull of buns, under the pre tence that the bun was .the correct accompaniment to tlii Germanic beverage. Where do you djne to-day?" demanded Jobit, as they were sitting over their beer. k " Where do I dine V' repeated Saint Eugene, aa. if surprised at hearing such a question addressed to him. . " Where do I dine—T ?" Jobit did not appear, tp ppmpre - bend the sense' of this exclamation, for he hastened to add, " If you. are not engaged elsewhere, come and dine with me. Bpt where were you going in such a hurry when I stopped .you ?" " Rue des Orties, tsaint Ronore -tp- the Return ipetdes Comediens, where some friends are waiting for rpe, who are not a whit more fprtupate than your »humble ser vant." . . : " Well" said Jobit " let's go to gether, Mid if I perceive any old ac quaintances I'll carry them off, and tije'll all have a family, dinuer to- 'gptficr." 1 . Jobit payed tlie bill, and thr y 'started, The account stood thus: — j beer, eight sous; buns, three francs, fifty centimes. At a quarter before six precisely, M. Jobit returned home. He was followed by Saint Eugene, who was in then followed by a low co median of NLort.whowas.failowad. by a heavy father of Limoges, w4io was followed by a countertenor of Alcncon. The l<Jw comedian nnd heavy father had been picked up at the estarainet in the Rue des Orties ; as to the countertenor, they had fallen in with him in the Palais Royal, where he was warbling his :plaintive ditties before Che vet's en ticing window. 'Josephine," said M. Jobit, "J present to. you some old friends of mine. Let ns have some dinner im mediately. 1 am dying of hunger, ! and so are these gentlemen also." "Goodness gracious me!" cried I Mademoiselle Josephine, "you. are ' mad ! Why it's six o'clock ! I have got nothing ready. If you eat no other dinner to-day hut what I cook, you and your company won't run any great risk of bursting the strings of your waiscoatc !" After this reply, given in a tone of the deadliest irony, the irritated cordon bleu retired majestically into her kitchen, darting at her mas ter a glance of the most superb defi ance. Saint Eugene turned slightly pale ; the low comedian essayed a smile, which changed into a sad grimace ; the heavy fa'tber stifled a sigh, and the counter-tenor gave vent to an inarti culate groan. " Said she true ?" demanded Saint Eugene, whose voice had perceptibly altered, " Don t believe a word of it ! hastily" replied the Amphitryon. " Before a quarter of an hour's time, the cloth will he laid, the dinner served, and we shall be at table." " May the heavens hear you !" mur mured the low cqmediau. . " May tbegodahearken favorably!" said saiht Eugehe. " Amen !" chimed in the counter tenor. The heavy father said nothing, hut he looked unutterable tilings. "Gentlemen," said Jobit, "make yourselves at home. Here are pipes, tobacco, and cards. I only ask a quarter ofpuliour." Thus speaking, he proceeded to the kitchen, where he found Mademoi selle Josephine occupied in splashing a ;tt of dinner-plates. ' Josephine 1" said M. Jobit, " de vote not thyself to despair ; we have not time, my child. To-morrow you may "break as much china as you please ; I shall say nothing, provided you restrict yourself to the damaged crockery." " And what then .do you wish me. to do ?" demanded the bonne. I want youtogctus somedinner." " That's impossible." " Impossible is not French ; that's a saying of -the emperor's, mademoi-. selje. Come, quick, Josephine ! the frying-pan on the fire ; break a dozen ofeggs and make us.au omelette." 1 " An omelette." exclaimed the triumphant " cordon bleu." " An omelette for these" g'aillards," who look as if they had not eaten qny tiling for the last three days. I do'a't know where you choose your friends. It's nothing to me, of course, only one would thing you' went to seek them on the raft of the Medusa !" "But are there really no means 6f— eh ?';' " No, I fell you there are not ! Do you think that-one can. make a din ner as easily as a speech ? Look at your neighbour M,' Raballet; there's, a .wise m.an for you ! he gives a din ner to-day also, he does. Well, would you believe it? lm has been engaged in the preparations for these, last fifteen' .days back!" .At this moment a loud ring was heard at the puter door. To escape from the reprimand which, his " bonne" appeared in nowise inclined to put short, M. Jobit in person an swered the tintinnahulatory summons. HebehelcLlhe Waiter of a restaurant followed by two. kitchen-boys, the hearers of voriouB stewpans, in which mokedall sorts of appetising ragouts. 'The gentleman on the fourth floor 1" demanded the waiter, imvhite jacket aodxiotlon nightcap. '" I'm the man !" replied Jobit', who had just conceived a gigantic plan, — but who did not add, " Ah ! I have it!" striking his forehead with his left hand, according to the immemorial stage custom on suclj occasions.--1'. " You ate the gentleman who has ordered the dinner for six o'clock ?" ' I am the gentleman 1" '' I .have brought every thing or dered except the strawberries," Con tinued the waiter ; " .we found it im possible to procure any. ' We have replaced thein by a plate bf rauBh- roopia." ' r_ As Jobithad,atmt«uu'' S!qnjuter oV an honr had barely elapsed; and already had the guests taken- their places round a well-spread table. Saint Eugene thapkej. the 'gu.da, thqlow comedian hazarded a puo, the heavy father wiped aWay a furtive tear, and counter-tenoe hummed u snatch of a vaudeville couplet — all devoured. , Duriug this time, serious things were passing in the apartments of M. Rabaljet. Half-past six had chimed from M. Rahallet's little ebony cased pendule. and no appearance of dinner bad as yet shew n itself. The clerk in the medal department suffered all the tortures 'formerly enduredhy St. Lawrence on his gridiron. A thousand apprehen sions filled his soul; shiverings, at one lime icy cold, at another burning hot, ran through all his frame. His guests who had arrived, joy in every eye, a smile on every lip, had become sombre and melancholy. The conversation, at first lively and animated, had dwindled by degrees into a very in termittent exchange of rare mono syllables, Once ortwice M. Raballet had thought of reading a few passage? from his unpublished work, " On the Influence of Parchment, "thinking that by this means he might distract the attention of his hungry guests, and deceive their constantly increasing appetites ; but lie forbare putting such a dangerous project ipto cxecu- , tion. The tribunal appeared in uo- wise disposed to listen to a wolk of this importance. Alas, so true it is that a hungry belly, lias no ears ! M. Raballet, whose patience had by litis time, become quite exhausted, quitted bis chair and disappeared into the kitchen. " Madame Crochet," said he' to his : factotum in petticoats, " ruli over to the traitkur's, and ask him if he is making.game of me. He is nearly an hour behind time ; this is beyond every thing !" Scarcely had M. Raballet left a clear field for his guests than the - conversation, hitherto s languishing, aroused itself all at once, and became brisker than ever. First Guest.—" I ahould'be very glad to have somethiiigto eat." Second Guest. — " I am all stomach I am !" . Third Guest. — " If I had known this, I should have dined before I came." Fourth Guest, to liis neighbour. — " Monsieur, do I look like a man wjio would throw vny money away ? Well, do you know that at this' moment I would gladly give thirty sous for a basin of the Putcli Company's soup." Fifth Guest. — " I can easily be lieve you, sir ; i am myself as hungry as Ugolino!" Second Guest. — "Why( people ought not to do these things, if they can't do them properly." I didn't ask M. Raballet to give me a dinnpr ; but, when one mau asks another to dinner, he ought to give him something to eat," First Guest.- — " OT course you are very right. I'll just put it to th'e company. . You'receive an invitation to dinuer ; you hear also of a certain turkey, " truffee aux matrons ;" you accept, of course, and when you arrive tiey don't even offer you a glass of water !" " Fifth Guest.—" There. are. hounds to every thing." Fourth Gqest, tp his neighbour. — "Monsieur, for my part L do not often give dinners ;but, when s'iich an event floes take place, no one can j complain of my proceedings, t can tell you.", . Third Guest, (pulling out his watch).- — " A quarter to seven, by. Jove." _ First Guest.- — " Are you right ?" Third Guest.- — " I set this morning by the cannon of the Palais Royal." Firet Guest. — " In that case I am three minutes slaw. You must allow, gentlemen, that it is very ridiculous to be fasting at this hour." : Second Guest.—" Not only ridi- dulous, hut vefy unwholesome into the 'bargain. " Fifth Guest.- — ' Do you think so ?" Second Guest. — " There are various cases extant, of very tsrious disorders having been brought on by nothing else but that!" ( ' First Guest (in a rage.)—" This is too bad! This Raballet is no betteF than a swindler."- At this moment the door was thrown wide open, and M, RaJjattet appeared on the threshold. His face' was per fectly -crimson, liis hair stood on &o; end, 'and his ej-eis flashed with rage, Hfs frightful appearance struck ter ror Into.the hearts pf the five guests, who thought that the . clerk in tbq ._B»edM -4epartwrent had -overhearfl tlrtir conversation and had come to demand the reason pf their calumnious alle gations.'-' " Gentlemen," cried -Raballet, " I ( know all !" The guests kept a mourn-. ' fu.l silence. " Yes, I know all ! I arp the victim of ,a horrible machina tion. They have stolen my dinner, and yours also! Follow rae, gen tlemen, the Palais Royal is not far distant, and Vefour shall console us for flii? inyolnntary delay, for which I beg you ' will accept my sincerest apologie?. ' 1 As he passed his neighbour's doort M. Raballet paused for an instant. A joyous chorus struck upon his ear. " By Dagobert !" thought he, ashe descended the staircase, " this man has filled the measure', He shall have - my life, or I his.. One of Us is a man too many upqn the earth !" CllSfTER VII. On the following morning, Made moiselle Josaphine received from the hand of Madame Crochet a letter ad dressed to the ex-commercial traveller. The missive was conceived in the fol lowing terms : — " Sir, — -You are aware, J presume, in what manner inBoient puppies are chastisod ; if not, I am ready to teacji jqu. I have beep -for a length of time" desirous hf giving you a lesson, and I could almodt thank you lor having yourself furnished the occasion. I have never fought sir, nor did lever think that it woult) be mv duty to shed the blood of my kiud. It is sufficient to state that 1 am neither a Caesar nor a Napoleon. How ever that may he, I put myself ut your disv pouil, accepting before aooh weapons as you may be pleased to moke choice of. " Sir, I am &c.;, " ribiust." M. Jobit read this singular chal lenge twice or three times -over, after which he replied as follows r — " Aa yau plus?e,odr ;-&words;,-nbrBSfRS- : tols.it is amatler of little importance to ine: 1 am your man. J ask but four-and-iwenty ; hours to put iuy affairs in order and seek'my witnessos ; 110 easy matter, siuce-Jh Dupin's requisitions. " I am, &c.;, " JnniT." The reading of this epialle plunged M. Raballet into aslale of great em- harrhssment. " He is right," thought lie. " Wit nesses 1 I must have witnesses also, or at least one. Where am I to get them ? My fellow clerks ip the library would refuse me a? I would refuse them under similar circum stances. Ah, if chance would once again cast upon my path that un known friend who yesterday in the onlnibus saved my more than life — my honour! This very evening will I go, and, for the last time, tempt fortune at the Cafe Turc. Would to Heaven I could see -him ouce again be fore I die," On his side, M. Jobit, after a long meditation, resolved to choose as his second his old comrade, Saint Eugene, 1 an expert hand in these little matters. Then'he added, " Oh, if I could but meet once again that gentleman of tlie Gaiete, towards whom my sympathies drew me in sueh a peculiar manner ! It was at the Cafe Turc that I first met him ; this evening will I return to the Cafe Turc. The evening come, the two neigh bours, at a few moments interval, took their separate ways towards the Bou levard du Temple. M. Raballet, the first who arrived, cast a saddened glance round the room, and ordered a ' petit verfe' of absiriiht, a liquid em blem of the bitterness that filled his heart. " He is not here!" exclaimed he with a sigh. " Let me drain my I chalice to the dregs." , S saying, he suited (he action to tlie word, and emptied the " petit verre," in that locality known under thfe appellation ofthe " bainde pied." All at once he rose, uttered a wild cry, and fell -back upon his seat, demanding if he was not the play thing of an illusion. Jobit had entered the cafe, and now advanced towards M. Raballel, 'with a step so firm and vigorous, as clearly to prove that there was not the slightest particle of the ghost id his compo sition. " Monsieur," said the clerk in the meflal department, " I am delighted to see you : my heart is full of gra- 1 titude for the generous manner .in which you acted towards ine yesler- ,day— I whom you scarcely know." , .Jobit seized the hand which was extended tow ards him, shook it warmly and 1 replied " The service that I have rendered you is hut a trifle, monsieur, com- pared to that which I am about to demand." " A service !' cried Raballet ; "cap ' 1 bp" of use to you in any way |? Ah ! speak, monsieur, speak quickly' What can I do for you ? My credit, my arm, my purse— I put all at your disposal 1' '' In truth, sir, you overwhelm me !' continued the son of the vestal ; ' and I can see clearly that ypu entertain for nip those feelings of friendship which attract mc towards you. The greeting which you have offered encourages m'e to speak, and I will fraflkly avow that it is the assistance of your arm that I seek to-day.' ' A duel !' interrupted RabIlfel. ' Precisely,' 'What a singular coincidence!' continued the employe ; "Iwas about! to make you the same request !' ' What, have you an affair op hands !' ' Yes, to-morrow ; and you ?' To-morrow also !' " Your adversary, who ishe ?" "A puppy whom J kn9w not, but whose chastisement I shall take upon myself.- And yours?" "Oh, a rascal- whom I intend to wing in the neatest manner in the vvorld 1" " Cannot your affair be arranged in anyway?" " Qujte impossible ! and yours ?'-' " Never !" " The outrage is then pnpardon-' able?" " What do you talk of-outrage? for the last three months he has done nothing but outrage and insult me ! That must be put and end to ; and, to crown all, no later than yesterday, the fellow stole my dinner !" "Your dinner!" screamed Jobit; you say he stole your dinner ! where ,do you. live?" "Rue du Mail, 13." " Aud — your — your name?" " Prosper Raballett." ; ""Embrace me, then, my dear and bitter enemy!" cried Jobit ; "for the puppy, 'tis I — -I am he whose chas-' tisement you are to take upon your self ;.I am the fellow who stole your dinner! — I — Claude Jobit, in a word! At what hour of the night it was that our two neighbours returned home, tradition sayethnot, bat oh tbc following morning they applied to their landlord for permission to open- a communication between their sepa rate apartments. Go learning this unhoped for result, M. Lacocq was affected almost to tears, and he has availed himself of his emotion by augmenting the rents' of histwo lod gers in the respective slims of fifty francs each per annum. As to Saint Eugene, he has pro cured an engagement in one of the suburban tlieatres, as the representa tive of third- rate characters and walk ing gentlemen; -He dines three tinrep a-week, but he has not yfet been able to purchase a new hat. 