A FORTUNATE AUTHOR. The arrival of the Balzac from Ger many has caused an immense sensation, owing to the romantic circumstances con nected with his marriage. It appears that some fifteen years ago, Balzac, then just at the height of his fame, was tra- velling in cjwitzenana, ana ima arrived ai the inn at Suterlachen just at the very moment when the Prince and Princess Hauski were leaving it. Balzac was ushered into the room they had just quitted, and was leaning from the window to observe their departure, when his at tention was aroused by a soft voice at his elbow, asking for a book which had been left behind upon a window seat. The lady was certainly very fair, but appeared doubly so in the eyes of the poor author, when she assured him that the book she was seeking was the pocket edition of Balzac, without which she never travelled, and without which she knew not how to live, Balzac being the only author in whose works she found the slightest pleasure. She drew the volume from beneath his elbow, and flew down the stairs, obedient to the screaming summons of her husband, a pursy old gentleman, who was already seated in the carriage, railing in a loud voice against the dilatory habits of women in "general, and of his own wile in particular, and the begiit and emblazoned vehicle drove off, leaving the novelist in a state of self-complacency the most comfortable in the world. Bal zac has declared to his friends, upon his honour, that this was the first and only glimpse he ever had of the Princess Hauski before he visited her in Germany three months ago, as her accepted hus band. He certainly did enter immedi ately into a literary corresmnience with her, which was steadily kcjit up on both sides during tlie whole of these fifteen years, and at length, in the month of January last, instead of a letter contain ing, as usual, a fair and impartial stric ture upon his last work, a missive o another sort reached him from the hand o the Princess — the announcement, of m® death of Prince Hauski, who had dmrt after giving his wife all he possessed; tlomnios, Jus chattels, his gold, and jewels, so that she, in very gratitude felt bound to give him something in return, and so had determined upon giving him a successor ! and the choice had fallen upon Balzac. It is needless to say that the poor ruined author waited not a second summons, but flew to l lie side of the lady on the instant; they were mar ried soon after at her chateau on the Rhine, and have but just returned to Paris, where they have taken a charming hotel in the Rue Verte, where some most delightful fetes are to be given alter the meeting of the Assembly. To the Editors of the Sydney Daily Advertiser. Gentlemen, — Many enquiries having been made relative to Fisher's Ghost,! beg to forward you an account published of it 12 years ago, which may be very entertaining to your readers. I am, &c.;, R. 