IRELAND. A Protestant clergyman lately enrolled him self a Member of the Irish " War" Confedera tion ; many barristers and Roman Catholic priests have also joined it ; whilst Mr. John Mitchell had withdrawn from the body. Dr. Kennedy. Roman Catholic Rislmn nf Killaloe, has passed sentence of suspension on the'Rov. Air. Kenyon until he retracts his re cent speeches. This his lordship has done in full conference. Dr. Kennedy has brought Father Birming ham on his knees. The following letter ap pears in the " Evening Post," the Government organ: " Buri'isakane, May 7. ! Sir, — I deeply regret having caused to be published in the " Nation" newspapers of the 22nd of April, a letter by which 1 have incurred and doubtless justly, the displeasure and severe censure of my bishop. I now fully and entirely retract this letter ; -as appearing to others, and to myself on mature consideration, to have a tendency to incite to civil war, with its deplor able consequences. As a minister of religion, and a Christian, I deeply deplore that this letter should have a meaning so much at variance with the teaching of our Divine Redeemer and his blessed Apostles ; and I beg leave to express, through the means of your respectable journal, these my sentiments of regret and my retrac tion of the letter. — I am, Sir, your obedient, humble servant. ' James Birmingham, P.P."' Dr. Kennedy has also proceeded to extreme measures with the Rev. Mr. Nolan, of Monsea, whom he lately suspended for altar denuncia tions. The "Warder" states that Mr. Nolan was recently charged with writing in the " Tip- perary Vindicator" certain articles derogatory to the character of his bishop. He protested before God that he was not the author ; hut the editor exposed him, and exhibited them in his handwriting. Dr. Kennedy has totally deprived Air. Nolan of his parish. The " United Irishman" is reduced to one- fourth its ordinary size, in consequence of the respectable Dublin machine printers refusing to run the risk of its publication. In a recent number of this treasonable journal there is an epistle to Lord Clarendon, from which we ex tract the following morceau : — " As for. mo. my Lord, your Lordship's hum ble correspondent, you bavc been told that I am mad — a dangerous lunatic, labouring under cacoethes scribendi. Do not believe it ; I am merely possessed of a rebellious spirit ; and think I have a mission — to hear a hand in the final destruction of the bloody old ' British Em pire ;' the greedy carnivorous old monster, that has lain so long, like a load, upon the hearts and limbs of England, and drank the blood, and sucked the marrow from the bones of Ireland. Against that empire of Ilell a thousand thou sand ghosts of my slaughtered countrymen sbrlek nightly for vengeance 1 vengeance! and heaven has heard it. Thank God. they are arming. Young men every where in Ireland begin to love the clear glan cing of the steel, antl to cheerish their dainty rifles as the very apple of their eyes. They walk more proudly ; they feel themselves more nnd more of men. Like the Prussian students, (when this work had to be done for Prussia, ) they take the bright weapons in their hearts, and clasp their virgin swords like virgin brides. Dr. M'Halc, in his lenten pastoral, describes the Pope as assailed by ' many wicked men ;' some of whom seek 4 to make the faithful clergy in Ireland the salaried slaves of the secular power ;' and says there nre some Catholics ready to aid 4 this unholy enterprise,' in order that they may sell the church, pocket the pur chase money, and convert Irelaud into an Acel dama 1" 