To the Editor of the Colonial Times. SIR-When the voice of an united people is once lifted up, its perfect unison is the voice of God I do not mean that the voice of a party is the voice of God : I do not mean that the voice of any section of a people is the voice of God : but I mean, that marked consent of the thinking majority, against which, section and party are alike opposed in vain and where the ear of the hearer and the eye of the observer recognize this unity of purpose, I claim for this voice a Divine, not a merely human authority. Up to the present moment, I have not once lifted up my voice, or entered my protest against the many and hydra-headed abuses which en- gage political controversialists on this our limited area but, with marked pleasure, I have, from time to time, observed the various efforts of mind to free itself from the disgraceful thraldom which hampers every faculty of men, freeborn, but not therefore free. For myself, I have a deep and settledssatisfaction in feeling that, whether in politics, or in theology, I am one of the people : one of those who are blocked by presuming churchmen with the bye name of the laity and by political charlatans with the soubriquet of the swinish multitude:" that I have associated myself for a brief season with the Ecclesiastical portion of the community is true ; but it is not true that I have ever neglected, or despised, or slighted, or scorned roy lay-brethren : it is not true that I have ever ceased, in word, thought, or action, for a single moment, to identify myself, not with those who are descended from the Apostles, but with the family of man. I have marked, with peculiar pleasure, in the perusal of the recent correspondence of the English agency, the probability that the efforts now making to obtain a government of our own will be crowned with success. It is not my purpose to offer any political remarks on the subject, for it is already in competent hands ; but there is one meaning of the subject, closely connected with that which forms the substantial soul of my social existence, the earnest desire which I feel to see man enfranchised not politically only, but theologically too. This is my day-dream ; this is the food of my nightly meditations. I myself am not held by any priestly shackles : I take to myself the freedom which God has given me, and I worship the God of my fathers in spirit-heedless altogether whether the form and ceremonial which I may employ be conformed to that of the Church of Rome, or of the Church of England, or of that strange hybrid which has latterly sprung into existence, the Puseyite Retrogression. And being free myself', I desire to see others free : being myself unshackled, it appears to me to be my social duty to aid to the utmost of my ability in sundering the shackles of others, and that whether the claim come upon me for action or for reasoning. It is with this feeling, Sir, that I have lately addressed two letters to the Bishop of Tasmania. The claim, which his lordship makes in favour of the English Church, is based upon an assumption so gross, so monstrous, that did I not know that it is but an attempt to perpetuate a cry which arose in days less enlightened, I should marvel at the fatality which could so far overlook the advance of modern intellect, as to lay claim to a thing so utterly ridiculous. I said above, that I rejoiced to see that there is a probability that our country will obtain free institutions. My pleasure arises, not from any political restlessness of my own, but from the all-absorbing conviction that these institutions once obtained, this land of our adoption will begin to take-gradually, it is true a place among the nations, which, as a mere penal colony, she never can possess. But the part on which I dwell is the religious part of the question. The old systems, the close boroughs of Ecclesiastical polity, Mr. Editor, are no longer sufficient to meet the demands of enlightened humanity. They are effete, and dwelling, and in every renewed effort which they make to retain a power which is fast sliding out of their grasp, they display a mingled arrogance and imbecility, which is as shocking as it is disgraceful. Sir, we want that religion now, which is so well characterised by the Apostles as " true religion and undefiled before God and the Father." We do not want long scholastic arguments to convince us that clerical baptism of children of the mature age of twelve months is necessary to our salvation. The major part of us, Sir, are totally indifferent to the merits of that delicate theological question, so very difficult to settle, whether or not lay baptism is admissible under this or that hypothetical assumption. And, singular to say, there be men in these days, and those men not few in number, who never think of consulting the ancient fathers, and who trouble not themselves with Ecclesiastical creeds-men, Sir, who know by a stronger witness than that of any priesthood, that the way to salvation is open to all men, and that it does not necessarily lead through the church door. And how, Sir, can it be otherwise - In the bringing in of that great day of the Lord, when every man shall worship under his own fig-tree, and no one shall make him afraid in the bringing in of that glorious day, when our sons and our daughters shall prophesy, being wrought upon by the immediate operation of the Holy Ghost I say, Sir, that it cannot but be that the expanding intellect and enlarged spirit of man shall over- leap the feeble attempts of a paid priesthood, and shall learn to feel and to know that God is accessible to every man who will feel after him, and. find story whether he puts up his prayers to Him in the form prescribed by the Rubric, or not. at all > ' P. With As holy vitality of these truths I am deeply: impressed, and I am aware that I am not alone ; but as there are many, too many; who from, lack i of information halt and are \- afraid, it seems to my own mind in every way desirable to bring to the light the webs woven by-ancient ecclesiastical machinery, and exa ' y. " J F' 'Noll'' -! v mine them whether' they be of God ; examine whether they bear about them the true tokens ; whether they be purely scriptural, spiritually christian, or whether they be of that class of threadbare coverings which are no sooner held up to the light of the sun than they are seen through, i With feelings, Mr. Editor, such as these ; with convictions deeply-rooted in my very spirit that all that is of God Will bear examination, I propose, with your permission, to furnish a few additional articles on these important topics, to which I have given many days and months and years of study and research have the plea. sure to subscribe myself, Sir, your obedient Servant, THOMAS Spann. 