", To the Editor of the Colonial Times. MR EDITOR-I resume the discussion of the question- To what extent ought we to be influenced by the precepts or examples of the ancient Fathers The question admits of an easy solution If the writer is of the latter are found to be consistent with the Word of God and if the example of the Fathers be conformed to the practice of Christ-to that extent we may with safety walk (in their path, and receive their deeds in. Now, Sir, I am abundantly convinced, in accordance with the tenor of my last letter, that had the Fathers never existed, we should at this moment have been in the very position we now occupy-no better and no' worse Nevertheless, it is our wisdom to call honey from every flower, no less than to reject the poison of the word, even though some men may have decorated the weed with high and honorary epithets. On this principle, it may be as well to contrast some of the practices of the primitive churches with the would-be apostolical proceedings of the Church of Protestant England. For it is not wise to overlook the lessons of goodness and truth which even men of matured minds may be in from the example of inexperienced childhood In the infant days of the church of Christ, " before the lamp of God went out in the temple of the Lord, where the ark of God was, when a solemn reverence rested, like the pillar of cloud, OT the congregation of the faithful" it was not thought meet that a cameramen should so much as venture to address God as his Father, until God sent into his heart the spirit of adop- tion, owing. " Abba, Father;" and in the infant days of the Church of England, when the hand of God had just lit her candlestick, and assigned to her a name, the Rubric prescribed that no man I should presume to approach the table and partake of the symbolical elements of eternal life, until it should have been ascertained that he was in a fitting state, last peradventure he might eat and drink his own damnation How stands the case now ? Are the communicants able truly to give the prescribed response to the sur sum cords of the priest ? Have the ministers nally ascertained, or can they of their knowledge testify that they to whom they communicate are in a fitting state to partake of the body and blood of God's incarnate Lamb that they are in a fitting state to unite H with angels and archangels in the Tersancluif-to unite with cherubim and seraphim in their unceasing cry ? I shall not soon forget the shock to my feelings when I first learned the irreverent heedlessness with which some ministers of the Church of England admit to the communion all who choose to apply I was a hundred miles from home, and I sought to be permitted to partake of the sacra- ment amongst a congi regaling who knew me not, and I was told that no examination was required. Sir it is the sin of Hophill and Phlncrfs, and though I have been told that it is against the Common Law to refuse an applicant, I know that it is in accordance with the Divine Law and I should make answer in the words of Peter and John " Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye." Nothing should induce me to receive the communion so administered, nor to assist in so de- secrating an office so sublime. Now, herein I say the Church of England would do wisely to go back to the original purity of her doctrine and she would do well to imitate the cautious and guarded purity of the primitive Church. The discontinuance in the English Church of the Agents of the primitive I neither praise nor blame. Where love is the fruits of love will abound. When the Spirit is poured out upon a multitude, they will gather together in the unity of the Spit it As it is written in the Prophet Malachi. '* Then they that feared the Lord spake often one to another and the Lord hearkened and heard it " And they shall be mine," saith the Lord of Hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels; and I will spare them as a man spareth his own son that serveth him." But we are warned by the apostolic record that when they who knew not the love of God met tog. ther to celebrate their Agapae, they turned the temple of God into a banquet ting-hall of self-indulgence ; yes, they profaned the consecrated elements, and turned the truth of God into a lie. It is better that there should be no feast than nick feasts as these, yet it would be better still did the love of God so abound that these spontaneous gatherings of holy men should bear testimony to their zeal for the Lord. And let no man suppose that the words of the prophet just quoted orrfa more historic in record. No, Sir, they are a prophetical record. They shadow forth, not dimly, the promised day when the Spirit shall be poured out from on high ; when Our sons and our daughters shall prophesy; our old men shall dream dreams ; our young men shall see visions " May the Lord our God hasten that glorious day in his good time. In that day. Sir, a man shall not dare to prophesy falsely in the Lord's name, lest his own father and mother take hold upon him to stone him In that day, the symbols by which we' shadow forth the body and blood of the Anointed of God shall be like the sacred name among the Hebrews. Men shall hesitate and ponder before they open their lips to commit the practical blasphemy which he commits who partakes of the sacrament unworthily. The rite shall not be abolished, because it is of God ; but the threshing floor of Araunah shall be cleansed, and Coil shall put a difference between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God and him that serveth him not. It is shameful, Sir, or rather shameless, this desecration of a most holy rite It is a portion of the abomination of desolation, and surely it standeth where it ought not. It is an impious, mockery thus to profane the living name! and it hath already brought down upon this guilty church that spirit of dissension which is shaking her tottering columns to their fill. Its along journey, Sir, from the threshing floor of At a to the taking away of the daily sa- crifice, longer still from that time to the cleansing of the sanctuary ; yet from the day when Annie thus Epiphanies di filed the altar with the blood of abomination to that approaching hour when the angel of visitations shall cleanse again the burying place of Jacob, the wisdom of God stands main, folded, "unrebuked of human sophistry, waiting for the predicted hour to ie establish Zion'in her holiness, and to rebuild the old waste places to bring to light in lieu things, and to make known things new to make familiar things intelligible, and to interpret dark sayings; and to lift up the Ir ii rod of another than Moses, and the sharp threshing instrument of a greater Christ. "Now Sir, the Gospel is defined to be, " The bringing in of a better hope " "And truly is its. defined Foi*'eighteen'hundred 'years hath He that hath the Gospel laboured," by the communi- cation of the Holy Spirit, to prepare for the en tWfgM of that b«|t^hopetfyBu*vw^a.k>.tho ! * Word of God of none effect by our traditions. We still, like the ancient Israelites, rest in the shadows, the types, the outward symbols, and neglect the substance of the thing hoped for. There are many who ascribe an actual saving virtue to the sprinkling of, water on the body of a child: many there be, who, being carnal rounded, Which is death, cat and drink the carnal elements of bread and wine, and comfort themselves in the priestly absolution of their sins, and turn away from the man of eternal salvation to the fleshpots of Egypt, kindling a fire with the residue of the fragments of the wood and stone, of which they have made them Gods, and warm- ing themselves, and saying, Aha, I am warm Poor miserable wretches, what shall they do when the Carawatha shall descend from Heaven with a shout, and the anathema of Judgment shall ring in their ears ? Sir, the lordly and dominant intellect of this day of scientific revelations laughs to scorn the feeble drivelling of priestcraft : the enlightened layman, worshipping God in his own closet, with his door shut, according to the Christian law, mocks at the twice five hundred priests of Ash teeth and Baal: man, enfranchised by the Holy Ghost, and sanctified by Quickening Fire, cannot be held by new cords, nor by green with s the strong man is awaking from the lap of mystery, the DallaS of nations, and recognises something holier than consecrated wafers, sprinklings of water, oecumenical dicta, or theological sophisms: God is abroad. Sir, rousing up the spirit of man by His mighty inspiration; whispering in the lowly valleys, shouting on the lofty mountains, filling heaven and earth with the echo of His spirit-call. And is it a time to talk of carnal water-drops and Apostolic descent ? Is it a time to adjust the rival claims of worthless churches, when universal man is clamouring for the word of salvation, and the awful superincumbent Spirit of the ancient Brooding Dove is putting on the royal wings of the Apocal«ptical Eagle to soar majestic in Evangelical Glory betwixt heaven and earth, preaching peace ; peace to them that are near and to them that are far off ; Hosanna unto the redeemed Zion, a which is clothed in the white vestments of the Saints ? It is no time : but I will tell you to what objects this is a fitting time. It is a time to lift up the eyes and to look abroad, and mark well the signs of the times. Mark how the plants, whose growth and maturity alike point them out as plants of the Lord's right-hand planting are springing up in every quarter of the globe. Mark well how rapidly the intellect of man is expanding .-. with holy general a movement he is everywhere shaking off time-honored tyrannies, hoary dynasties, ancient prejudices. Mark the ceaseless activity of his spirit; remark his unsatisfied craving for light: light! light I light! light to enable him to reform ancient abuses, to sweep away all venerable cobwebs, to cleanse every Augean stable to choose a safer and a better way. It is a wholesome spirit, Sir, that is now abroad. My mind truce in still air the gigantic form of this spirit of enquiry. I see Him touch with his talismanic wand kingly palaces, and they crumble into dust ; ancient hierarchies, which are con- strained to lay bare to the gaze their buried mysteries ; splendid illusions, which change into meagre and pitiable realities. Under His inspiration man is ceasing to be a blind confiding slave : he is shaking off his fetters, and spreading abroad his hands in prayer to the Almighty Giver of reform. And the impulse which God has communicated is irresistible : Bishops and Presbyters, Councils and Consistories, Princes and Prelates, all civil and all spiritual Charlatanry, all vested abuses, and all hereditary iniquities, all shall strive to stem the torrent, and all strive in vain. God has spoken, and man cannot but hear and though many stop their ears and turn away their faces, the woe and the peril are unto them and unto their children, for the mighty movement will still go on, heedless how many abuses are crushed beneath its iron hoof. In my next I trust to bring the subject to a conclusion I am, Sir, yours very truly, THOMAS brema. November 17, and. 