GERALDINE. A TALE OF CONSGINCEB " VOL. II. 'CHAP. XX. Smeoa the arrival of Mrs. Kelsoc with 'her young ilady at Burnleigh, -she "had strictly adhered to the 'promise exacted ofther, that she would not comment upon anything she might either see or hear, until she should be invited to express her sentiments. During the first week, Geraldine had rejoiced at this precaution,. when by the compressed lips and ex ,tended nostrils of her attendant, she perceived the in-dwelling of " no popery," in all its tyrbulence. " The following week, the features were more at peace, and though'Mrs. Kelsoe still sighed, yet, on Geral-' dine's inquiry of "I hope you are comfortable, Kelsoe," th9 reply was, !' Every body does their -best, ma'am, to make me so :" and this indication ,of softened feelings encouraged Geraldine, after a Jfew more days 'had passed, to break through the -reserve between herself and her faithful maid, by ,inquiring-whether the Catholic religion did not aippear to Mrs. Kelsoe in a fairer point of view than when seen in the distance; and the good woman, 'highly pleased at this renewal of confidence, imme diately responded, with, " Indeed Miss Carrington, .I cannot say but what it-dues. To be sure, some of ,,the goings on are strange enough; but Mrs. Wat son and Joseph have always a reason to give for everything; and I must say, +I had no notion that the common Catholics were so well instructed." "*1 suppose that, just at first, you were distressed 'to see so many sacred pictures and crucifixes about ,the house,' said Geraldine. " No, ma'am, I was cured of that very soon: but no thanks to any one here in that respect. 1 came to a right understanding on that point entirely a.by my own good sense and reflection." "-indeed !" said Geraldine, smiling; " hbow was -this P" " Why Miss Carrington, when I saw the figure of our Saviour dying on thecross, in may little room here, I was startled: but somehow, when I came to bed at night, I was pleased to have it there alone with mes; and I thought to myself, when my young lady put up the likeness of the dear honoured General in the tenant's ball, as a remembrance for us all, we none of us thought it was breaking the commandment, though it was his image; and, when we drank the General's health,and turned to his bust; we all knew what we were about; and so then I thought, if I like to look at the likeness of my absent earthly master, why should I not like to look at the likeness of rsy absent heavenly master P jthat's how I reasoned, ma'am." '! you reasoned very sensibly," said Geraldine; 1 should like to hear some more of your rea sonings." " Why, I can't say." continued Mrs. Kelsoe, that I found out anything more, quite by myselff; but I have no objection now to their making the ,sign of the cross." Have you not," said Geraldine, really sur prised ;." how is this P". " Why, ma'am, to be sure; the first two or three days it did put me in a fine fluster,"and at last I said, Dearme, J.seph,' says I, ' if you are thankful to God for your meals, can't you raise up your heart, without. all that 'twisting and twirling of your fimgers P where's the religion of all that dumb show P -' Mrs. Kelsoe,' said he, * the early Christians 'made that sign of the cross, not only in remem 'brance of our blessed Saviour's dying for them and 'for us, but also'to show that they were Christians, 4n the midst of Pagans and Jews, even though they died forit.'-' Well, but I am as good a Christian as yourself,' says I, 'so you need not be flourishing -away before me; I should not make a martyr of you.'-"'But,' says he, ' though I have no chance of dying for the cross, I have a great chance of being laughed at for it, and that's very difilcult to bear, and a good exercise for asChristian. You know we are told not to be ashamed of the cross.'-' Don't trouble yourself to quote Scripture to me,' said I; ' for Iknow the whole Bible by heart, and you Ca tholics know nothing about it.' " I have got a Bible,' said he. .* Have you P' said I ; ' wel.I won't betray you. ' Betray me P' says he; ' wit Mr. Conway gave it me.' ' Oh, then,' said I, ' it's not the real Bible.' But Joseph fetched it, and sure -enough it's the real whole Bible. Think of that, ma'am !" I can tell you, besides this," said Geraldine, ' that I still, and shall ever, retain my Protestant 'ible, with the consent of Mr. Conway, because it ,was my beloved mother's gift., But continue your histories, for they greatly amuse me. Do you find Joseph the best Informed amnong the servants P" "Not better than-Mrs. Watson, ma'am. She is very cool and 'composed in her answers (for she stover begins) ; and then she is so kind-hearted, good soul I She 'found me in a terrible way, one night, with crying, and would have-the reason.; so out it came that you, Miss Carrington, would soon be taught to dislIke me, and to thhik it your duty to believe that I should be d-d; ' and,' says I, *how 'can [ help myself P 1 believe just whsat I was told as a child; and no more and no less 'can I ever believe'; for old people can't take to new thinga.' Bee; says Mrs. Watson, ' your young lady will he tatught no sntIsl thing; for,' says lshe, .' you are no' heretic, Mrs. Kelsee, for Mr. Conway says that the 'guilt pf' heresy consists IL an obstinate and wilful 'adherence to a religion that is false, and this is -ver'y dihl'ercnt from you, wise, at all events, are desirous to know tihe truth, and, I have no doubt, would gldyembrace it If you hsad discovered it.'. Then sid \hs'it Irotestaints very much misunderstood thsfeeling of; Camtholics towards them ; that Ca tholics weers sorry for Protestants, but that they would not dare to condemn any one. All this is weodlerful; ,is it not, 'ma'am P-so dull'erent from ws inst I shave beret told j but then there are many ttm-gag 'till that put ime into such a rage, I can scarcely wsalt to leave an explanatiomq." ''But lhisl does riot accord with the ' good sense,' on shwlch you, pique yourself,'! repileie Geraldine, " You'should ciert settlicient self-constrol to listen fluit, and condermes afterwtards," ** I'hl, mna'am, but thoac saints, and relics, aisd miracles; how is it, Miss Carrington, that, with your fine and expensive education - :" " My dear Kelsoe," interrupted Geraldine, laugh ing, as she received her gloves and handker chief from the irascible tirewoman, and hastened to obey the summons to dinner, " I am delighted to hear the result of your skirmishes with Joseph and Mrs. Watson; but I resign you'entirely-to them, and have no doubt of your finding their explanations perfectly satisfactory." The dinner party was joined by the Reverend Mr. Grant, who, had been invited every day by Lady Winefride, until his daughter, whp was then absent, should return to him. Mr. Everard- also had dropped in, as a matter of course; but it was not till the evening that Mr. Conway could find an hour's leisure from his arduous duties, when he entered the drawing room at the cottage, just in time to bear company wivth Mr. Everard in the latter's eighth cup of tea. The party were unani mous in their greeting of the. benevolent and joyous pastor, and the conversation took a lively and humorous turn, which Geraldine-felt most beneficial to her spirits. Mr. Conway, far from damping, greatly contributed to, the innocent mirth of the party, and it was not until the conversation had insensibly taken a graver and deeper turn, that he said to Lady'Winefride, " I have brought something in niy hand, which I think will interest all your ladyship's guests, and which I know you will 'not object to seeing again. This is my yearly present from the baker at L-, to whom I formerly rendered some services. He is a Jew; and reminds me of his friendship, by sending me, every year, before Easter, which is, you know, his Passover, a ' cake of unleavened bread.' " All were, indeed, interested, and the-Passover cake was carefully examined, and passed from one to the other round the table. " It reminds ine of the Scotch oat cake," said one, " it is so thin." Geraldine took the unleavened bread in her turn, and gazed on it with emotion mixed with awe.' Every particular. relating to that commemorative, yet typ!cal, feast of the Passover, was so familiar to her from her early study of Bible history, yet so far apart from all things present or personal, that, when she saw and touched this paschal bread, she almost fancied herself standing at midnight, staff in hand, to partake in haste of the lamb without blemish, and the bitter herbs, while blood was sprinkled on the door-posts and lintel of the house, in token of the ' Lord's Passover.' At length, she remembered that Mr. Grant had not closely examined the unleavened cake, and as she gave it into his hands, he gratified her by showing and expressing much of the same train of feeling, which had been her's, and con versed for some time with her on the institution of this feast, which, as he justly said, though highly interesting in its commemoration, was far more so in its typical character." " Yes," said Mr. Conway, " when we pass on to that Last Supper, when the divine Antitype took that paschal bread, and broke-it, we look on its very form and matter as consecrated by His adorable hands." " Do you mean," said Mr. Grant, " that you copy the matter and form of the Passover-clke in your sacramental bread P I own that, when some one said that it resembled the oat cake of Scotland, I was much more struck by its resemblance to the Roman Catholic host; but I did not knoiv that you intenled this resemblance, and therefore I did not mention it." "' Yes, we use the unleavened bread at the sacrifice of the mass," replied Mr. Conway, " although this is a circumstance of pure discipline, which does not touch the essence of the Eucharist. With respect to the form of the host, we are guided by the beauti ful allusion 'to the Eucharist in the Apocalypse, an allusion which can be understood only by the be lievers in a miraculous change in the bread." " But yet," said Mr. Grant, " I have a fine en graving, of the Last Supper from a Catholic origi nal, in which the bread is quite in a Protestant form." " Yes," replied Mr. Conway; " copies of Carlo Dolce's beautiful, but ignorant, painting are dis persed over England." " But who expects accuracy from Italian painters," said Mr. Everard, " with thseir chronological im-' possibilities, and their inaccuracies of all kinds ? Carlo Dolce. has copied the peasant's roll of the country, which mistake has passed current with all those as Ignorant as himself, though not so ex cusably so; for what could he know of the Jewish Passover, and of the unleavened bread P" . " I must express my regret," said the Protestant curate to the Catholic priest. " for having misjudged you on this point. I thought with many others, that your churbh had invented this peculiar form for the sacramental bread, on purpose to give (what shall I call it), a more supernatural appearance to the eyes of the people that their senses might be the more easily deceived; and the miracle of tran substantiation more easily credited." "Tell us, Mr. Conway, from what part of the Apocalypse you find directions for the peculiar form of the Catholic' Host," said Geraldine. " From the second chapter, 17th verse," replied, Mr, Conway, "whsere Christ thtus promises: ' To him thatovercomeths I will give thelsidden manna; and I will give him a white counter (in the Protes -tant version rendered stone), and on the counter a new name-written, which no man knoweth but-lie' whso -recelvetti it.' You being-a clasisical 'scholar, Mr. Grant, are of course sways, that amongst the ancient Greeks, it was the custom to vote on public occasions, with white or black pebbles, gathered fromi the sea shore, or banks of rivers; and that in pro -ceas of 'time, and at the period of St. Jolir's vision. thsese stones 'were superseded by small circular.pisces of wood, or' Ivory, like our modern counters; upon which' the natms of the candidate was inscribed, Now, according'to the doctrine of ouir Church, to the communicant is glven, in the blessed Eucharist, the body and blood of Jesus Christ; this is the' hidden manna,' tinder the appearance of bread and wine. And lntihe sacramental host, is he given a white counter; and in the initials of the ' Saviour of mankind,' stamped on every host, is ise given that ' new name, written, which no man knoweth hut ha that recelvethi.' This interpietation is full of meaning, when the Catholic faith on Cliis awful, question is cornsidered: but if, ~in the sacramene, there were nothing ~but brsad, hoa cbtqdj the Chris tian's ' hidden manna' be thereP If Jesus Christ be not truly imparted, bow can that new name re main unknown to all, save to hsim who receives In faith the living bread that comes down from heaven." "This Is very strIking,"isaid Geraldine; "1I have never yet understood any Protestant explanation of that passage: this Is perfectly comprehensible." I believe," said Mr. Grant, " that you take other passages of this Revelations to guide, or at any rats to authorize, part of your- worahip ; but is not this sisoionary and hazardous, Mr. Conway P" " Catholic commentators," replied Mr. Conway, " suppose that this Evangelist, in his book of the Apocalypse,' adapted this imagery, with which lie' represents his mystic revelations, front the cre monies observed by the early Christian Church, In I offering up the Mass, or Eucharistic sacrifice of the I Lamb of God, Jesus Christ. Therefore, we follow the description he gives us in the opening of the eighth chapter, in the service of our altars. ' And Snother angel came and stood before the altar, having a golden censer; and there was given to him much incense, that he should offer of the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar, which is before the throne of God.'-, And the smoke of the Incense,. with the prayers of the saints, ascended up before God, from the hand of the Angel.' " ",You profess to follow Scripture, Mr. Conway,' said Mr. Grant, " and yet you daily offer up they sacrifice of the Mass. Now, you will really oblige me, by telling roe what interpretation your Church can possibly give to the twenty- seventh verse of the seventh chapter of the Hebrews P The Apostle, after comparisons between the priesthood of Aaron 1 and that of 1IMelchisedec, continues thus speaking of 1 Christ, our high priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec :-' Who needeth not.daily, as those I high priests, to offer up sacrice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's; for this he did once, when he offerered up himself.'" -"My good Sir," replied Mr. Conway, " we truly t hold that the ' one sacrifice of himself once offered I cannot be repeated.' Christ can suffer no more. But the mystical immolation of the altar, the ' un bloody sacrifice,' as prophesied by Malachi, in the first chapter and the eleventh verse, rpust continue i to the end of time. ' For from the rising of the I sun, even to the going down of the same, my name I shall be great among the Gentiles, and in every a place incense shall be offered unto my name, and a pure offering: You will doubtless say that this ' pure offering' means that of a contrite and grateful heart. But just recall the tenth verse of the thir" teenth chapter of Hebrews, where St.'Paul says, ' We have an 'altar,' whereof they. Ihav'e no -right to eat. who serve the tabernacle.' St. Paul, in addressing the Hebrews, who never employed an altar but, for sacrifice, would not have used that term but to denote the Christian sacrifice of the altar-the pure offer irg; and this acceptation of the Apostle's ceaning has been shared by some of the brightest lights of the Protestant Church, who have contended, fromr this mention of the Christian, altar, that the com memorative feast of the body and blood of Jesus Christ, was a-sacrifice, as well as a sacrament. And now, in seeking to reconcile you to the literal meaning of the Apostle's words,, and to the real sacrifice, let me freely admit the figurative meaning -the spiritual sacrifice of a humble and contrite I heart, which God will not despise." t " I hope," said Mr. Grant," that you do not take my objections and inquiries arpiss; for I do not mean them offensively. Tell me then, Mr. Conway, how you get over the eighteenth verse of the second t chapter of Colossians-' Let no man beguile you of 5 your reward in a voluntary humility, and worship- d ping of angels, Intruding into-those things which he bath not seen, vainly puffed up by his own fleshly l mind, and not holding the head, from which all the t body, by joints and bands, having nourishment p ministered, and knit together, increaseth with the c increase of God.'" n As Mr. Grant quoted these verses, Geraldine e turned with great interest to Mr. Conway, for they had appeared to her also to condemn the Catholic h invocation of guardian angels, and she had intended h to ask for their explanation in her next conference with her Catholic instructor. " Your Protestant version," replied Mr. Conway, f " renders it, ' the worshipping of angels:' our o Catholic version is, ' the religioin of angels.' which c is more explanatory of the doctrine Of those early - heretics, to which these verses apply. These heretics t were the followers of Simon Magus, and Menander, v who believed that angels and demons were the makers and lords of this lower world, and, as such, offered s sacrifice to them. They also believed the angels to a be the carriers of Intelligence between man and the c Almighty; but with this vital difference between f their belief and that of Catholics, that these heretics set aside the mediation of Christ, who is the head j of angels and of men, while no one praying in the t spirit of the Catholic Church, ever begged his good t angel's prayer to God through him, but through t Jesus Christ, our divine head." -1 " And now,' said Mr. Grant," I call on you,my , dear sir, to justify your Church, if you can, for I making a distinction between mortal and venial sins, c as if all sin were not hateful to God, and deadly, to s the-soul P How can there be such a thing as a small sin P The very term is a contradiction." c So thought Mr. Harley, our new convert," re plied Mr. Conway, " before the fatal accident which befell his child, that fine little boy who was drowned last year. Till then I had never held any inter course with tihe parents : but you must remember I a was then sent for." ",Yes, you were then sent for," said Mr. Grant, and my pastoral services were declined. I remem- I her thIe circumstances well, with all its painful con sequences." I " The messenger informed me," continued Mr. Conway, " of the death of the child, but 1 could not conjecture thre parents1 motive~ in sending for the c Catholic priest, Instead of the Protestant curate, till, 'J on toy arrival. Mr. Hariey seized ,my arm, and i dragging me' to the room wirere lay the lifeless body of his chrild, gasped out threse words : ' Tirere, Sir I there is my only clrild. I early taugirt him to know r Iris Gnd; Iris lreart was fult of piety and trutir, but Irehlas died in sin n-say!I is hredamnedthrouglnout an endless eternity t"P'' *I felt inexpressnlly shocked. I 'could only en treat to be told tire details of this calamity.~ They were these : The poor clrild hlnrd been tempted to take some sweetmeats, and, whsen charged withr thet fact, denied it. Not being, Isowever, an hrabitualE liar, his blushres betrayed him; and lris mothner, greatly pained at hsis-adding sin to sin, sent hrim from hser presence, telling inn thsat ar sIre coruld no . longer trust or respect him ; Ire must not approach hrer or hiris father the rest of thre day. Tire boy was sent away more abashed tiran penitent, and his poor mother saw hInm no more till Iris spririt mad lied. He ' had wrandered into tire garden, at a time whnen he i was usually occupied by Iris lessons ; ttre gardener had tirerefore omitted thre usual precaution witir a ce servoir of deep water ;and before tire searelh began for the missing chilid, life~was extinct," "How dreadful I" exclaimed thre 'listeners to tins tale of woe; " tire poor mother I" " Oh, tre' poor mother I" cried Mr. Cornway, " suds a scene of hnesri- rending anguisir I rarely witnessed : tire chnild having been in rlisgrace, anul dying before being' forgiven, tris resteri on iher., tenirer heart. Shre could not. pardos hreracif, for I Iraving been, as shre throughst, too severe; but thers father's was the deeper woo. Thrank God I' I was .r able to comfort bothr. After some conversatlon~on tire necesasrily doubtfunl -qrrstion, of whsethrer thret poor chrlid irad repiented of Iris twufoll guilt, Mr. Harley entreated me to give him an exact account of -t tire Cithrolic doctrlne, on mortal and vernial sin; <for,' arid he, ' tne Protestant belief tirat my chikil - is at once an angel in glory, coupled witlr thre con- I tradictury belief, llrat tire smallest sin is danrnable, throws my mind Into Inextricable confusion. I then told him, that the Catholl- belief in a distinction between mortal and venial sins, was founded on the written word of God, where we are told, that even the just man falls seven times a day, and that men must give an account of every idle word that they speak.' We also know, that there is not an instant of our life in which it may not suddenly terminate, without the possibility of our calling upon God for mercy. What, then, will become of the soul, which is thus surprised. P We are shown by Scripture, that nothing defiled shall enter heaven; and will, then, our just and merciful God- make no distinction in guiltiness, as rigid Protestants maintain P Will he condemn to the same eternal punishment, the poor child who has died undei the guilt of a hoof excuse, and the abandoned wretch who has murdered his father P To say' that he will, is so monstrous a doctrine in itself, and so contrary to Scripture, which declares that God will render to every man dccording to his deeds, * that it ought to be universally ex ploded.' Scripture makes a distinction between the degrees of sin, and so does the Church ; and Protes tants, in attempting to be wiser, lose themselves in endless contradiction and confusion. What means the distinction between - the ' gnat and the camel,' between the mote and the beam, but venial and mortal sin, or in other words, fauilts and crimes." "AMr. Conway," said Lady Winefride, " I am aware, that our good friend, Mr. Grant, has one more weighty thing on his mind, about which he has attacked me once or twice. This is the omission, by the Catholic Church, of one of the command ments, for the better furtherance of image worship. Are not those the proper terms, Mr. Grant P" " Why, certainly, Laidy Winefride, since you challenge me to speak plainly, I must say, that to expunge the second commandment from the Deca logue, is such sacrilege that my'personal respect for Mr. Conway can alone induce me to listen to any palliatives or excuses for it." "But suppose that, in lieu of palliative or excuse," said Mr. Conway, ! I boldly deny the fact P" "But you cannot, surely, venture so far," said Mr. Grant. " I know that you have still the ap p arance of ten commandments, because you have divided tthe last to make up the number ; but you cannot account for the omission of the second com mandment." o Are you a Hebrew scholar, Mr. Grant P" said Mr. Conway. " No, Sir ; I once knew a little of Hebrew, but of late years I have neglected that interesting study for those more applicable to my parish duties." But still you must be aware that; in the original chapter of Exodus, there is no division into verses. Nothing, in fact, to mark the line of distinction be tween the commands except the spirit and the sense. St. Jerome and St. Augustine made a different division. The former separated the command res pecting the worship due to God, into two parts; the latter conceived the concluding part of the injunction to ie (as in the one relating to the Sabbath) an ex planation of the precedibg, and to form but one commandment, while in the command, ' Thou shalt not covet,' ie deemed that a distinction should be made between the ' wife,' and the more worldly goods. This division of the Ten Commandments by St. Augustine, was adopted by the Church, and has continued to this day ; while Protestants have preferred and-Rropted tire division of St. Jerome. For this preference we Catholics reproach you not, for we hold that the spirit of the Commandments is of far more consequence than any line of demar cation." \- "Most true;' cried Mr. Grant. " I was not aware that; our second commandment was incorporated with your first." " But, my good Sir." observed Mr. Conway, smiling," pardon me for saying, that, when persons attack the honour and Integrity of others, they ought to be aware of every motive and of every fact." 8 Certainly," said Mr. Grant; " but, Sir, I do judge by fact and not by hearsay. One of the little books of your school fell. into my hands, and, owing to this division of the Commandments, the second of them was actually omitted, Mr. Conway : for the heads only of the commands were given, in this way, ' Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain ;' ' Remembet thou keep holy the Sabbath day ;' ' Honour thy father and thy mother;' and so on." Yes !" said Mr. Conway, "you have seen one of the infants' catechisms, in which everything is simplified and abridged. I will . now have the pleasure of sending you the standard catechism, used throughout the elder classes of .the Catholic schools, in which you will find every commandment at full length, with the divisions of St. Augustine: and when you. receive this catechism, Mr. Grant, perhaps you will reflect, that this division was made by the very one among the ancient fathers, whom your Chrurchr drgights to claim, and thrat this rule having been adopted several centuries before lisa Church existed, its members should pause before bhey attack this division, as some new and crafty device of papists: they sirould reflect, thrat, wirethrer St. 'Jerome or St. Augustine were correct, thre diflerence is not oans of faith r thrat tire spirit of tire Decalogure remains tire same, and cells aloud to tire Protestant, *Thou shalt not bear false witness' against thry neighbour.' " " The constant mlsapprehrension of Protes'tants,"* said Lady WVinefride, " excites one's continued pity and surprise. A very intelligent and welt-informed lady of ray acquiaintance, accompanied me to mass a few Sundays since, and 'afterwards expressed hner great regret, that, ia tire Nicene Creed, whicir Is re tained word for word in hrer Church, we Catirolics shotrid all have knelt at tite wrirds, ' born of the Virgin Mary.' I observed that she might hiave per~ ceived tire gremnier numirer prepare to'kneel at tire, .previous sentence, ' And was liriarnate of tire Holy Ghost,' and shrowed hrcr thre Missal, by whicir sire perceived tlrrt tire congregation irad moved at tire above words only that threy mlglht be all on their knces wlren throre were said which sire saw printed in capitals, ' Asia WAs MADEa MAN;' Wirile any re maining doubt was removed by thit note: r Here all kneel, .to adore the ineflabie mystery of the In-. cardrration." (lbo be cosntintued.) 