LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL monday, march 27. Present — I-lis Excellency the Lieutenant Governor, and all the members. Tho minutes having been read, Capfc. Swan- ston presented two petitions, one from the inha- bitants of Ilobirt I own, anti lite oilier from a clergyman, against the pcntiy-a-day school sys tem. Received and read. Cnpt. Fcnton presented a petition from John Martin, against the Claim to Grants Hill. Mr. Dry requested permission to postpone the Estimates, for the purpose of copying. Allowed. Petitions from Catherine I5i.tr n (signed by lite trustee, Michael Fenton) and Edward Abbott, against the Hill to quiet Claims, were presented, received, and read. Cnpt. Fenton moved that the petitions be printed. Carried. Mr. Dry moved that a committee be appoint ed to inquire into the grievances of the colony, to distinguish expenditures for colonial purpo ses. and expenditures not for colonial purposes, and to consider fiscal grievances. Cnpt. Fenton seconded the motion. The Attorney General opposed it ; lie did not see in what way such an inquiry could tend to the good of the colony. It appeared to him that to discuss the colonial grievances would be only launching into an ocean of investigation, lie was at a loss to know what circumstances — what particular circumstances could be compris ed in lite honorable member's category of evils. Willi regard to the second part of the motion, be thought the honorable gentleman's own Es timates were framed for that purpose, if lie would have the kindness to explain what events he comprehends in his catalogue of grievances, he should be happy to see the motion enter tained. Capl. Fenton said, that his learned friend seemed to doubt that any grievances existed. The Attorney General denied asserting any thing of the kind. Cnpt. Fenton said, then he consequently ad mitted it. As for an ocean of investigation, it was high time to launch upon it. The Act that constitutes this Council, upon which its laws arc based, or should be, lias been invaded ; the land fund has been taken from us ; the privileges of the colonists under British laws, have been taken from us. Ho considered the Crown as only the trustee for the public in the land fund. He thought lie had adduced two very important frriovatipns. The Colonial Secretary said, the grievances spoken of by the honorable gentleman could be cured by the Council itself. It was not for them to call that a grievance which the Council can remedy. It is a fallacy. The second point lie grumbles at is, that the colony has been de prived of its rights under the Iluskisson Act. Me cannot see what necessity there is to have a committee of grievances, when we are going so shortly to have a Legislative Assembly given us. It seemed to him like raising ghosts of griev ances. lie hail no dotthl the home Govern ment will concede what is reasonably required, if it is fairly put to them. They were certainly pressing I lie home Gorcmncnt closely. He anticipated the same result as in New South Wales ; the colony will he left to its own re sources. It is a mischievous end proposed, and he did not think those who desired such a re sult were friends of the colony. Cnpt. Fenton observed, he had 110 personal interest in the Statute of James. Mr. Dry said he considered as grievances, that the funds were not satisfactorily appropri ated, the expenditure was excessive, and that the fiscal arrangements were unequal, and not fairly apportioned. Let every tiling be clearly shown, and he should he satisfied until they got free institutions. At present all complain loud ly, and jusrily. The motion was then put, an I lost. A number of documents on different subjects were moved for, ordered to he laid on the table and printed. Tile Road Act was then recommitted and proposed to be read a third time, but 011 a divi sion was rejected. The Pri sons Regulation Bill was read a third time. The Act amending the Consolidated Quar- ter Sessions Act was read a third time. The Attorney General moved that a proviso lie added to the Dog Act, exonerating those parties whose Dogs are already registered, from further payment until present registry shall have expired. Motion carried. The title of the Act and preamble were then re-read, and notice was given that the Act would be read a third lime to-morrow. The Counterfeit- Foreign Coin Act was rent! a second lime in Committee; to he read a third time to-morrow. 'lite Council then adjourned. tuesday, march 28. Present — His Excellency the Lieutenant. Governor and all the members, with the excep tion of Mr. O'Connor and Mr. Gregson. '1 lie minutes having been read, His Excellen cy, as is customary, enquired ifany members had petitions they wished to present. Captain Fenton presented a petition from Mr. Morgan (Editor of the Britannia,) praying that the first year's receipt under the Dog Act, may he appropriated to making, repairing and maintain ing the roads and streels in the districts in which it was raised. Captain Fenton remarketl in moving that the petition he received, lie hoped the Council would consider the justice of this application, the appropriation of the tax to 'the use of the districts it was derived Xrom was certainly the legitimate course of expenditure. Read and received. . Mr. ' Dry presented petitions from Hobart Town, Launceston, and Richmond, 111 behalf of the penny-a-day School System. Received and read. Mr. Dry moved that the record in the case Lard v. Jackson he laid 011 the table. Carried. J lie Attorney General moved that the Dog Act he read a third time. Carried. At the meeting of Council on Saturday last, Mr. Dunn's ds. amendment was abandoned, and the following rates altered from the original schedule were adhered to. For one dog s. For two dogs, each 2s. For three dogs, each 2s. 6d. Ftu- each dog, if more than three be kept, The Counterfeit Foreign Coin Bill was then read a third time. Afterwards the Council proceeded to the se cond reading of the Claims to Grants Bill. The Attorney General said he should with draw the Bill, and his reasons for doing so were that sufficient time had not been given for the circulation of copies among the legal profession ; that it involved delicate and intricate questions; hut he was more than ever convinced of the de sirableness of the measure, hut at present he would leave it to the further consideration of the Council. His Excellency asked if Mr. Dry would be ready with the Estimates on Monday. Mr. Dry said lie should if certain Returns were produced. His Excellency then adjourned the Council till Monday next. 