ECCLESIASTICAL INTELLIGENCE. Diocese of Sydney On Monday last, Divine Service was per- formed in St; Philip's Churoh, on the occasion of, and previously to laying the foundation stone of the New Church on the site which had been selected for the purpose, to the north of Petty 's Hotel. After the service which was performed by the venerable the Archdeacon, assisted by his Lordship the Bishop of Sydney, the congregation, proceeded to the ground, where a large number of persons had assembled. The Archdeacon, at the request of the Bishop — who stated that considering the length of time that venerable minister had officiated in the parish, the honor of laying the foundation stone properly belonged to him - received, from his Lordship's hands the trowel, and after acknow- ledging the honor conferred upon him, of which he expressed his unworthiness; acceded to his Lordship's wish, and laid the foundation stone, using, the following words:— "I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a church to be built in this place, to be named St. Philip's Church, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic Faith which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost — Amen." The Apostle's Creed was then repeated, and a prayer for the divine blessing on the undertaking and on, those engaged therein, having been offered up, the Bishop pronounced the benediction and dismissed the assembly. A sum amounting to £53 10s. was collected in the church at tho conclu sion of the service ST. MARY'S CHURCH, BALMAIN. — This Church was consecrated on Tuesday last, by the Bishop of Sydney. The Church is neatly finished, and a small but powerful organ, has been erected. CHURCH APPOINTMENTS AND CHANGES. The Rev. P. T. Beamish has been appointed to the Curacy of Dapto. The Rev P. Agnew (temporarily) to St. An- drew's, Sydney. The Rev. T W. Bodenham has been appointed temporarily to perform the duties of Chaplain at Darlinghurst Gaol. The penal establishments being about to be broken up, the Rev. J. K. Walpole, who has acted as Chaplain thereto, leaves the Diocese. The Rev. J. McConnell, who lately officiated at the Clarence River, has proceeded on a voyage for the benefit of his health. 