LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. THE adjournment of the Legislative Council until the 17th instant obliges us to postpone our intended remarks upon the financial condition of the colony, in connexion with the Estimates laid on the table by the Governor, but which were rejected by the Council, and those which the unofficial members propose to substitute in their place. In the absence of the latter Estimates, which are, we believe, fully prepared by the unofficial members, all comment would be premature. The Colonial Secretary, upon a former occasion, complained that the unofficial members did not present so much as " the ghost of an estimate, in lieu of the Estimates submitted by Sir Eardley-Wilmot. We trust that the forthcoming apparition will not make his hair stand on end, like quills upon the fretful porcupine. But what is to be done with the ghost? Is it to be laid for twelve months ? We almost regret that, however the unofficial members may have differed with the Estimates of the Governor, they did not enter upon their consideration, inasmuch as they could have effected any changes which they thought proper on each item being submitted to the vote ; whereas, at present, there appears to be no other remedy than a reference of both Estimates to the Home Government, unless the Governor adopt the one proposed. The only measure of his Government that he has been enabled to pass has been the unpopular Doubts Bill. After the passing of this measure the public became quite apathetic to the proceedings of the Legislative Council. It was totally deserted by the people. But it was a speaking solitude. The Governor may have attributed it to the cessation of "excitement;" but the unofficial members knew and felt the true cause to be, the forfeiture of the public confidence. The Governor had indeed made a solitude of the Council Chamber, however he may dignify it with the name of peace. Surely His Excellency might learn to read such an omen, when he finds it powerful enough to prove hypocrisy to the people, even in the instance of exploded imposture. 