nIM. IICIHENO ON GRIEVANCES. PRtOVIDENCE has been propitious to the colonial secretary : he has never known po verty, felt the oppression of taxes, or been exposed to those vicissitudes common in or dinary life. In receipt of a large income, hr can perceive no cause for complaint, and is unable to understand why the people should be restless and discontented when· he is so well provided for. All this is very natural, but does not prove that lMr Bicheno is best qualified to detect and expose the evils under which the colony labors. We direct parti cular attention to his speech in council : it is a unique specimen of official deprecation. He tells us it is unfair to view measures through the medium of " personal interest ;" that the colonists are not "deprived" of their political "rights," because it is possible they may be undergoing discussion "in parlia ment." Mr. Dry's grievances are " ghosts:', in the opinion of Mr. Bicheno the home government" have a heavy demand" for the support extended to " pauperism :" he dreads the consequences that will follow agi tation, and declares that what has alrerdy been decided on will be accomplished-the penal system broken up-the convicts with drawn-and the colonists left to " manage their own affairs" without " assistance" from home. We only hope that this fearful pre diction will be speedily realised, and that the' next arrival from Englan'd will bring certain tidings of the tremendous catastrophe. Mr. Bicheno compares the commissariat expendi ture to a stream of irrigation ; but the people now perceive that it is too costly for the colony. Not only has the commissariat received its snpplies below the market price, but the local treasury has been exhausted to maintain for imperial purposes a staff of overpaid officers. There is no " economy in paying twice over.' The colonists only want justice. Let the accounts between them and the parent state be fairly made up, and if the balance is against them they will endeavor to pay it. But the debt rigliteonsly ldue to this island by the imperial government will never be liquidated: all we can hope to obtain is an instalhip-n composition. Mr. Dry's mo tion for'a committee to inquire into and re port upon grievances, like Bentham's prin ciple of utility, is" dangerous." Mr. Bicheno sees this, and it cannot be denied. It is dan gerous to a government which has for its end the benefit of a few, and not the entire com munity: it is dangerous to the sinister interest of " functionaries who maximise delay, vexa tion and expense for the sake of the profit." The salaries of such are in peril; and if these be reduced, so " closely blended" are they " with the welfiare of the colony," ruin must ensne. We leave our readers to ima gine the consequences should the cessation of transportation and the communication of representative government lhe followed here by crents similar to those which transpired in New South WVales. Let them think of the rapid increase of the free population, thi' diminution of crime, the augmentation of revenne, the redtlcttion of police and gaol expenses, and, above all, how they will be imploverished by having to pay fewer func tionaries and smaller stipends. The picture is terrible enough without the additioni that a statement of grievances may p'rocur redres:: 