EXTRACTS. THE MUSIC lr. BORE -We have known musical gentlemen with very long bair and e general fo reign aspect, turn out very considerable bores at the party they were invited to enliven. The pro* fessor alts downs t'» tb« pianoforte, dend silence is proclaimed. A shock, as if an eagle had swooped down on the keys, and away he goes full tilt in a short piece of sixty pages. You hive been flirting with the pretty Miss Laura Chickabiddy, an i you whisper, " I suppose if they get an author ¿here they make him read his book on the same principle !" The pianist catches your eye and Miss Chickabiddy smites, and scowls like a rnelo-drarnatist writing s thril ling passage. The infliction over, your hostess swims up to yon, " Naughty th don't you know how very particular the siguor is when he is playing?** In other words, the s:goor is a privileged bore.-Natural History of Bores. PHOSPHORESCENT FUNGUS.—One dark night, about the beginning of December, while passing the streets of the Villa de Natividade, I observed some boys amusing themselves with some lumi- nous object, which I at first supposed to be a kind of large fire-fly ; but, on making enquiry, I found it to be a beautiful phosphorescent fungus, be- longing to the genus Agaricus, and was told that it grew abundantly in the neighbourhood on the decaying leaves of a dwarf palm. Next day I obtained a great many specimens, and found them to vary from one to two and a half inches across: The whole plant gives out at night a bright phos- phorescent light, of a pale greenish hue, similar to that emitted by the larger fire-flies, or by those curious soft-bodied marine animals, the Pyroso- moæ. From this circumstance, and from growing on palm, it is called by the inhabitants " Flor du Coco." The light given out by a few of these fungi, in a dark room, was sufficient to read by. I was not aware at the time I discovered this fun- gus, that any other species of the same genus ex- hibited a similar phenomenon. Such, however, is the case in the Adolearius of De Candolle ; and Mr. Drummond, of Swan River Colony, in Australia, has given an account of a very large phosphorescent species occasionally found there. —Gardener's Travels in Brazil. 