ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE In the portion of our columns devoted lo ??Correspondence,' it i'k the principle of this paper freely to leave open to the public Ibe discussion, inalleasea, of both itda oj the qucilion— only reserving to ourselves, editorially, tlic right of our individual judgement and pieferencra. Hence, obviously, no correspon dence merely because it ia admitted into our columns can, therefore, be considered as necessarily embodying our personal tentimentt upon any subject whatever, unices editorially we choose specially to identify ourselves. TO TUE REV. CHARLES PRICE, TAMAE-STUEET. 'If any man shall add to these things God shall add unt° him the plagues wiitlen in this book * * * ? « « « ' And if any man shall take avray from the worda of the book of this piophrcy, God (hall take away his part out or tbe book or life, and out of (he whole city,' 4c. Rev. xxii, 18, 19. Sir, — Does not the bible admit of various inter pretations? Is it not universally believed, if not publicly allowed, that the most disastrous conse quences have resulted from the indiscriminate perusal of the Scriptures, without note or comment! The unhappy state of England — land of bibles — with her chameleon creed, reflecting every variety of faith, from tho darkness of INFIDELITY, to the dazzling brightness of catholicity, alas ! too fearfully corro borated the authenticity of the above assumption, or rather, belief. Well, then, under such circum stances, is it not indispensably necessary that a judge should be appointed to determine which is the true interpretation of the bible ? for, if there be no judge in this case, the clashing of conflicting opinions as to the right tense of the Scriptures will, ever and in evitably, be the result, as the experience of the past but fully demonstrated. That there are some things in the Scriptures hard to be understood, and which the unlearned and igno rant wrest to their own destruction is what you can not call in question, Sir, without giving, with deli berate solemnity, the lie to the sacred writ. It it, therefore, apparent, that your principle, which re cognizes that the Scriptures are easily understood in all things necessary to salvation, and that every itinerant preacher and vender of bibles and tracts, whether ignorant or Unlearned, can read and inter pret them without restraint, is in direct opposition to the word of God. If the eunuch of Ethiopia, who was a learned man, and whose attention to the study of the Scriptures was unremitting .declared that he could not comprehend them — Acts 8, 32. [The passage referred to relates to the passion of Christ, which is tbe fundamental doctrine of salvation.]— What presumption, Iben, must it be, on the part of modern sectaries, learned and unlearned, to con stitute tbemselves dispensers and interpreters of God's sacred oracles ! 1 recently asked one of ibose self- constituted Judges of tbe ' Holy Writ,' who prowl through our streets scattering tbe seeds of in fidelity, impiety, and disunion amongst us, bow be understood ibe following passage : ?* Let no man seek his own, but that which is anothers ?' *' Oh ! you misguided Papist, do you not know that I am justified, and that it is my duty to justify OTHERS.' ' Bravissimo !' said I, ' adultery, mur der, &c;, make you happier on earth (as Wesley says) and holier in heaven.' So much for your justification ! You, Sir, I presume, pin your faith to the bible trnnulalcd in ibe reign of James ; but the evangelical illuoiinali belore that period, buill their failli upon the bible translated in tbe time of tbe amiable and chaste virgin Queen; and the hydra of many beads, that engendered all sectaries, adopted that translated by Tindall, as its infallible rule of faith. Sucb as dissent (roin the Holy Catholic Cuorch in foreign countries-, some believe Luther's translation to be tbe unerring word of God ; others adopt Beza's translation ; others prefer Zuinglius'a translation ; ami others, Occolampadius's ; others, Castalio's : and all and each are impressed with the unalterable conviction, that they have the infallible word of God ; and yet, to their eternal confusion, they con demn each other in the most virulent manner, end expose the falsities of one another's translations, as will appear in the sequel. Zuinglius says — ' Luther was a foul corrupter and horrible falsifier of God's word * * Thou art seen to be a mani fold and common corrupter und perverler of tbe Holy Scriptures.'* Luther again says of the bible ol Zuinglius — -- that the translators were fools, asses, antichrists, deceivers, &c;, &c.;' When Occolam padius set forth his bible at Basil, Beza said—' the Bassilian translation is, in many places, wicked, and altogether differing from the mind of the Holy Ghost.' The same Beza declared the translation of Castalio to be ' blasphemous, sacrilegious, cursed, and erroneous, &c.; &c.;' Caslalio says — ' that to note down all tbe errors in Beza's translation would require a volume.' And yet all these men, as well as you, relied on the interior illumination of the Holy Spirit — what a farce! Thus you see, now, Sir, that the translations of the original trumpeters of the Reformation were con demned by the authority of other translations — all of whom were equally interested in circulating the Scriptures, aud in propagating the doctrines that you publicly profess. Now, where was the Spirit of truth that Christ promised would guide his Church for ever in all truth! In glancing over the page of history, we find that the very translators who were condemned, and did thus condemn, were men of transcendent talents— before the rays of whose genius, your English translators sink into compara tive insignificance and obscurity. And if their translations ' were replete ' with corruptions,' ' blasphemous,' and 'erroneous,'' can you pre sume to say that the English translators have ac quitted themselves in a manner superior to any of those enlightened Doctors ? You would not, for any consideration, venture to say so. Well, then, the inference susceptible of being deduced from the above is, that if you build your faith on the bible as translated in English, you have no infallible faith — I feel no hesitation in saying so ; and, without an in fallible rule of faith, there is no salvation, Recollect, Sir, that your immortal soul is at stake ; consider, learn, and be wise, 'ere ibe awful day of retribution. ?rrir«i ; be no longer 'misguided, like the Romanists, by that ' Will o' the Wisp' spirit that will lead you from one uncertainty to another— from tho broad road of truth over meadows, through hedges and cross-paths — till, ultimately, tumbling into the maddening vortex of infidelity, the delusion vanishes, and you are irrecoverably lost. Now, Sir,, i will beg ieave to direct your atten tion lo what has been said against English transla tors by English Protestants. 1 will direct the can nonade of your own artillery against you. Upon Queen Elizabeth making three articles to be sub scribed by all the clergy, one' of which was, that Ibe book of common prayer should contain nothing con trary to the word of God, several ministers, in a treatise to her virgin Majesty, spoke thus—' Our translation of the Psalms, comprised in in our book of Common Prayer differs from the truth of the Hebrew in two hundred places!' Mt. Burgess writes thus— ' How shall I approve, under my hand, a translation which has so many omissions, many additions, which sometimes obscures, some, times perverts the sense, being sometimes senseless, sometimes contrary.' And Carlile says (speaking of Ibe translators of the English bible) — ' They have depraved the sense — obscured the truth— and de ceived the ignorant * * * they show themselves to love darkness more than light — falsehood more [ban truth.' Upon iho accession of James I,, the ministers of Lincolnshire spake thus, of an abridge ment of the English translation delivered to him — ' It takes away from tbe ten — adds to the text — and ihos, sometimes, to the changing and obscuring of the sense of the Holy Ghost.' 'Aud after King James's bible was printed, Mr. Broughloo (a man profoundly versed in Hebrew and Greek) writes thus — ' The public translation of the Scriptures into English is such that it perverteth the text of the Old Testament IN 840 PLACES ! ! and that it causetb millions to reject the New Teslameul, and to run into ETERNAL FLAMES.'' In tbe 14th Psalm, there are four verses in tbe prayer book which are not io tbe bible, notwith standing the maledictions pronounced against those ' who add to, or take from, the words of this pro nhecy.' Now, my dear friend, you will please ohterre that, in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, the clergy subscribed that tbe false bible they then had was the infallible word of God, and their only rule of faith. The bible was then as vulgarly appealed to, and quoted with as much flippancy at it is in ' nowa days,' as God's unerring word — though it was, and Is, ' corrupted' and ' blasphemous.' What com fort can persons have, who are obliged to place im plicit reliance upon what fallible translators say, and take that for their only rule of faith, which they liave thought expedient to alter, to suit their oicn purposes ? I will give a few instances of their dis ingenuity: — St. Mark, c. 1, v. 24; 'letusalone' (not in the Greek,), v, 43, polla, much. E. Trans lation, tlrailly (unknown tongue) ; v. 17, past tois etlmesin. E. Trans,, ?' my bouse shall be called of nations (barbarous).' This translation encourages the rise of sectaries : v. 22, ekete pistin Theou — ' have faith in God.' This translation encourages here sies : no matter what Chorcli you belong to — ' Have failli in God, and you shall be saved.' How pre posterous! it should be, ' have tbe faith of God,' as is evident from Ibe Greek, St, Luke, c. 1, v. 28. kekartiowmene, ?' highly favored,' ought to be, full of grace.' Chap. 2, v. 1, apografesthai, ' to be taxed :' it should be ' enrolled.' The word * taxed* was substituted in order to reconcile the people of Great Britain and Ireland to oppressive weight of taxation. Ti cmoi kai sot gunai ; translated, ' Woman, what have 1 lo do wilb thee?' lo shew the disrespect sectaries hare for the Mother of God, 11 BUouin T-e, - -ivirai is it to me aim tueeT- ??? All Scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is pro fitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction, in righteousness.' This is a glaring mis translation, just adapted for the present infatuated state of Biblicals. There are many other sacrilegious errors, and wilful corruptions, that I could point out, were it necessary ; but I have accomplished my ob ject if 1 have shown sufficient reason, in 'hat 1 have adduced, why no conscientious catholic or protcslant should read your hundredfold corrupted bible \ I trust that you now see, Sir, Ibe impropriety, as well aa tbe unreasonableness, of your uncharitable conduct towards us, end also the perilous position that you yourself lake, when in tbe wild rhapsodies of your ignorant enthusiasm, you recommend (be circulation of a volume so manifestly perverted, thereby practising tbe most criminal deception on millions of souls !! Now, Sir, in cou clnsion, 1 would, with Ibe greatest deference, ask, who are you ? What are you ? I anticipate your reply. You are an Evangelical preacher — and so is some one that makes himself prominent at your meetings, C—U—Q—V—R I ! ! But who has given you a commission to preach ? You may ' bear falso nilneet against your neighbour,' but you cannot preach unless you arc sent. From whom have yon received your credentials? Was your mission ordinary or extraordinary ? Consider, learn, and be « iso. Catholics are not like the licensed victuallers. Vou cannot thunder at them with impunity from your lea-total stronghold. Your own musketry will be levelled againBl you with deadly precision, and die rampart ubicb bigotry anil intolerance have flung around you will 'ere long, give way, and you shall appear in your genuine colours— A FOUL BIGOT, and one who would Jain sound aloud the tocsin of ruth less and sanguinary persecution on tbe hitherto peaceful shores ol Tasmania — cavcto latet anguis in hcrba.'' April 18. Alethia. 