<3REAT TWOPENNY MEETING AT ST. PAUL'S. . The eight before last & very important meeting was held of ihe ahades of the illustrious men buried jn tbe Cathedral, and also of those whose ashes otherwise bestowed, have nevertheless monuments erected to their memory ia the sacred edifice. Your reporter having strolled into the Cathedral to refresh his architectural taste, for which he duly paid twopence at the door, was whilst indulging in a profound sleep—caused by circumstances too minute to be enumerated—locked in. lie awoke as the bell tolled twelve. Immediately he perceived that all the monuments were in motion. Doctor Donne walked out of his urn, and gracefully folding his winding sheet about him, stepped with great dignity. Lord Duncan sheathed his sword, and adjusted his boat cloak. Sir llalph Abercrambie rose from the arms of the Highland soldier who has for so many years supported him; aud Nelson stepped from tbe pedestal, Britannia herself giving him her hand as he descended. Str Christopher Wren came from the crpyt, majestic end venerable in his looks of 91. In & word, ell the worthies of St. Paul's were in motion, and it was plain that there wassome important business in hand. The church was beautifully lighted as by a July sun,* and the organ pealed forth a magnificent voluntary. As it ceased I heard a heavy (read, and looking round, 6QW Dr. Johnson, holding up his robes,certainly not with (he grace of his friend Garrick, and shaking his head and scroll, and gesticulating very oddly. All the other shades bowed 10 him; and then there was a general hush. Sir Christopher Wren was unanimously called OQ lo preside. Who, indeed, 60 fitting ? Sir Christopher opened the proceedings: Brother Shades, we have, by one general impulse, been moved to this gathering, For many years have our spirits been tormented by the rattling of halfpence and the ringing of sixpences and shillings taken find changed At the cathedral door, thai we may be shown as they show the lions in the Tower, or the dromedary and monkey and dancing bears in the street. By my troth, northy friends, when I built this cathedral, I deemed it was to be dedicated to a purpose of holiness, and not for the lucre of money-changers (" hear," from Dr, Johnson). When I look about me, aud see the awful representatives of philosophers. and heroes, I do feel that their moral dignity is insulted and made a byeword, when, like the beasts at Bartlemy Fair, they are shown for shillings. Our object, I believe, is to remonstrate with the Dean and Chapter, tvlio, it their hearts are not to be turned from halfpence by our prayers, must be further dealt with as lo us shall seem fit and meet. Dr Johnson proposed the fust resolution The great architect—the father, he might soy, of that t-emendous edifice, that, in the words ofu great aud good man, though lie was sorry to say that he was a Dissenter, that tremendous edifice that would ' strike awe into a bacchanal'—Sir Christopher had well deline. alcd the humiliation to which they were spiritually subjected by the pecuniary gulosity of the ecclesiastical authoiities. Let them, however, be incorporate and unanimous,and, the degrading twopence must pass away with other mortuary and subluniary abuses. They must now do something; they must not, as he had observed on another occasion, react the old fable, showing to the expectant world that parturient mountains, with all their heaving, only produced muscipular abortions. Lord Nelson said the whole Dean and Chapter wanted a thorough overhauling. A good many of them were, in his opinion, a set of lubbers that—(Cries of 1 order, order!' from Doctors Donne end Johnson)—We'J for his part, he had no wish to offend the parsons; but he did not think that Mother Church ought to higgle and haggle with halfpence—for all the world like bum-boat women selling soft tommy. Besides, if money was lo be taken—if they were all to be made i a show of—like Mrs Salmon's wax-work that he remembered when a boy,—why not hare the thing done plain and above-board 1 Why did'nt the Dean and Chapter always have a signal flying with ' St Paul's expects every man to pay his twopence ?' In conclusion, the gallant Earl observed (with a slight oath) that he was read) to do anything to overhaul the parsons. General Wolfe said he had a great respect for the Church, and oil Church associations It might not he generally known, but the night before he received his death-wound, he had read and got by heart the very beautiful elegy by Mr Gray. Therefore in the most respectful—nay, in the most affectionate spirir, he would co-operate with the gallant admiral in his own fine, tarpauline phras», to overhaul the parsons. Admiral Lord Collingwijod observed that, to apeak tbe truth, he did not t Lin It 6silors and soldiers bsd anr business at all ia the cathedrals (beer, hear, from the two services.) Fighting had been their irade; and tbey had doue their best. Nevertheless, he did not think that tbe true odour of Christianity was to bo in gun* powder; or tbat tbe army of martvrB meant soldiers with guns and bayonets, and forty.two pounders. Tbo church militant tves not, in his opinion, a church with bull-cartridge. How. ever, &s; they bad been placed there, be felt iu common with bis friends tbe indignity put upon them by the twopence, and would heartily co* operate for tbe abolition; Here tbe meeting became very noisv. Air. John Opie, R.A., began to speak-_wben be was interrupted by Fuseli, who stamped and foamed at the mouih, end made very free iodeed with "tbe p&rflons.; 1 ' lie observed, it had been SBia of him that " bis domain was air and hell; the clouds and tbo grave. It was he who msdo real and visible tbe vagne and unsubstsntisl pban toras which haont, like dim dreams, tbe oppres aed imagination." If (bis were (rue—ond he for one, could not deny it—"be would advise tbe par&ous; to look out for themselves. He would not be shewn like a dancing'bear j be would not "—(and then he swore.) Hereupon Doctor Johnson moved tbat the meeting should dissolve; and, after certain formalities, tbe meeting was dissolved accord* 3Dg)y, 3t being understood Ibat lhe Dean and Chapter should be firmly and respectfully re< mons(rated wilb, tbat they might discontinue the twopence; and that, jn the event of tbeir contumacious denial, tbe Ghosts of tbe Statues should take it iu turn to make midnight calls on escb end every of the reverend body. Tbis determination seemed to give great plea* sure to tbe navsl ghosts; and Lord Nelson, sheathing his eword, again mounted to his pedestal, muttering something about "over» bsuling tbe psrsons."—Fr*m Punch't own Cor respondent, who tnii locked in. 