AN IRISHMAN'S SHIRT. Mr. James Gilligan, or, as he would be familiarly styled in "Jug own slnvcet county o'Sligo," Jim Gilligan, appeared lalely at the Liver pool Police Office, to complain that he had been robbed iv ivery fanhiii1 he had in the wide world, goold, silver aud brass, by his bedfellow and kun- L-ymau Shawn, alias Jack Wright, nevertheless, was not down hearted, pot a bit; but, with the buoyant spirit 'which an Irishman smuggling with 1 misfortune only can exhibit, he told his story after the following fash ion ; — We wor, said he, takin' a dbrop, yer honour, last night, of all nights iu the year, in a shtreet below there —bad luck to me if I knows the name , of it — when we began n makin' | speeches, I made one about poor old 1 Ireland. Sume othir gintlcman in the | kumpney made another ; butof all the j nonsinsical speeches I ivir rimim- bcr since the hour I was horn, it was made by Sbawn' (alluding to the prisoner). Shawn — Yerrah ! rcpate it for his honour ; do you maine to say it was traison 1 Jim — The only word of it worth re- pating svas the lastj and begor I couldn't furgit that bekase it telchcil me pockit. He proposed, yer honour that. I shuuld trate the kurnpney ; so to show that a Sligo man was as goud as any man from Ireland, I called for a half-gallon of ale, and I paid for it. Well, to make a long shtory short, I , wint to bed. Shawu slept with me, and we lay down in the bed togithir. Oetune the dhrink and the talk, my bead was addled ; and in about two: minutes I wasashleep. In some lime arter — I can't in troth say how long, about an hour I s'pose — I thought I felt a noise in the bed, and I looked from ondher the blanket. Who 'the divil should I sec beside the bed but Shawn. " Yerrah! Shawn," sis I, " is that you V " Faith it is," sis he, i"or-niy ghost." ".What ails you?" sis I. " Oh ! bad luck to the flais, sis he; "blow the wind o' shleep they have let me take for the night ; and I thought that maybe if I jist lighted the candle for a minit, they'd j b'lieve it was the daylight that was comiu and fly to their holes. O11- heariu' that, I begun to suspict somc- thiu', and I puL my hand upon my shirt. (Loud laughter.) Magistrate — Your shirt. Jim — Faith, yis ; upon my shirt, .shure cnuff.and 1 '11 tell you the raison I done so, if yer honour will wait. Fitidin' ray shirt empty, I took a leap out of the bed, and ran to seize hold o' Shawn. Shawn ran ; I pur- shued ; I boned him by the neck ; I pulled him into the room, and I thried, to lock the door. The kay somehow would'nt turu in the lock, so he made his way into the shtreet, and I after him like a race -horse naked. (Laughter.) .1 called out "Police, jnurder," and, faix he was rtobbed by a policeman that, as luck would have I it, was going hy. Magistrate— Did you get your money ? Jim— Divil a penny. Well, I'll telLyou now about .piy shirt. You see, when I kim over from Ireland, I bad ray six soverens tied in the waist- "bhnd of this ould breeches (exhibiting the , breeches he had on, and which certainly might he called "ould and worn," forfhey had about five hunt dred patches, of all colours and shapes, before and behind;) Well, thinking that that wasn't a safe place for 'etn, and I got a needle and piece of sthrong black thread, and I sowed 'em up in the tail 0' me shirt. (Roars of daughter.) How Shawn got to know they tyere thaire I'm shurc I can't tell, hilt this I know to me cost that he cut the tail of it last night iu the bed ; and here I am now with only a 1 part of a shirt on me, and not as much in my pocket as would buy me a ha'porth o' shkim milk. The story of the unfortunate fellow was corroborated by the policeman on duty in Regent Street, and the pris oner was remanded until a search in the bed- room could he made, aud the stolen property, if possible, re- ocvercd. 