Mns. SKINNEUsToN'i 5 XISHAP'-JtiRta RIrwa goitic uip.stzti is nIttitt I izi p pedtitid o Ctstti13~ eye oil the clresser, ai?d ?l lit sl d iise hter i lozenie-box; sO, . of:co~i rse ftinrcln I iniusthlttvd left it the e wheti 1wa sto don efutetoo i up, aittIl pit idt'toi my pooy rett ured to.th a pitrlouht, little tlitfiukia (that itIwats'ile vei ?on. intto wlhich ti?' Witti!' hitti,'io. fivti iutc befklre ?putthis" two"tc: bestlv.etect 'e es Uloui anmy word, thie ehill Iliti theo had selednt such a dteadfd cold iite t thtt a he diI satl down ..e in the p htt aitio Ichdn tdo. sitch .ofaw!oik for it; enid t 1 tloihl JIpp s ilozeBies' Iy cotugh Ita'e Iu s IC still my poori head wits so b (b, fi'iitI co-I ui, ' let timy hanketrceliief eI'n 9itin ' qnie . 1iii , n ete ii'. ?foritwo ntoilett'i togeth ie i ti?tr 5i"ust utl I ?iei h:lad takeltil i.tilk ii :foir tt Is i zel h :a vitoler'ifift' i stezi ainti, t I h?l ilo soeitet hp!t imy pokct'lkihttlirllt e tt y ni ti tit fe 1ct oshairptattige at thi c ot it, just s ste ,tasilrtvin a iteedlg i'hit i tetween nt s trtils." .iheni l Isit lted ttlie l 1ai dk Itfautl' f 'a' . lIuwasaoh certati at, puisothik thltitltetre wau sntise cthitig, Iltetit 'htnintint . itte ( ei t enl of it fot I.iotlh nt?on?tti feel it; bht .when 1" s.qiiittet ul, ?,i I coultlsee some daiirk coloied tutu" tlin,,hitg n•.te wuwshriis tfivwiards I sihltdi to thme iit tot to leatr l'what on eart hl it cil na ue-?,len, atugli if there. wasn't a long black beitst of aleech sticking quite fast to my nasal organ, just like the drop of a jet ear:ring I gu??e a lui sctreatn., anid pit up iy halidctkerlclief to take lihld of the reptil', .whei 'ol h,! t if anntiher of tlie niasty filthy brutes dlidn't oll riglt out of it osa to the rug. No sooner, did my, poor'l dea: COarlo, who was lying before the tire, see soinethig, full, thanup hlejumird, and begani silii lg;al away, at it, anti' irtied:it over with. his nose, niti.il I de clare if the reptile ilidln' fastehn 'ight upon it; and there he wis sc'inapering about the rootri. withl one. of the, brutes' daugling to his nasal organ as well, tossing 'his lihead about, allcd growling away all the time like a mail thintg. As for pilling tile one at the end of mine.off, possitively it was a waste of time to try; for really and truly, tile creature clung as fast as a barnacle, and besides being as slippery as an ell, was as elastic its Indian rubber. Off I flew to the bell, and pulled it hard enough to have pulled it down, all the tite shaking ny beand away, in the hopes that I should be able to jerk the creature off, before that snail of I Betsy came with 'the salt-which, however, wets hle only means of getting rid of it-and which I'm sure slhe was tell minutes if she was a' second in bringing it to me. As soon as the leecli wits off, I turned round to Miss Betsy, and shewing her the little scar that the long black ogre had made at the end of my nose, (which really was as white as a parsnip too,) I tuld ?her to look there, and see how her wickedniess bad marked me to my dying day, (and sure utonguh I have got the scar now,) and then ask herself. if she thought it was likely I was going to keep her inl my establismnent another Iloment after such treatment as that. However, there was one thing I could tell her, and that was, I was'nt so I very civilly tohl her to go pack up her trumpery things and rubbishing oinimances, and be out of the house before half an hour was over her head; and so, thank goodness granious, the stuipid, sentimental, novel reading, leech pre serving hussy was.-" The greatest plague in life." WHAT TYEMPERANCE CAN DO.-i ll'frs. M-all's book on Ireland, occurs the following passage: " We one lday entered a cottage in thie suburbs of Cork. A young wonian was knitting stockings at the door. It wias as neat and comfortable its iay in the most prosperous distiicts in Enghluid. We tell her brief story i Iher o?,n words as nearly as we can recall'thert-" ,My husbindc is a wheelwright, and lwavsg earliedl his giueit a week, he was a good worktnat'i; biut tlie, liovefir tihe drink was strong in. him,'t ti it it' iisti't 5 ileit lie bruuht me home morefltha five'shilliitgs on'.itof one poundll oine on a Satilirdaly nithlit iiiil it broke my heart to see the childirei' too rigeed to send to school, to say nothing of. t?he .'stricitel look they had ot out of the little Icotdild give theam. Well, God be praisedi lie tilk tie 'pledge ;btid the next Saturday he laid t?'weity otie shillingi cupon the chair you sit upnii. Ohli'dii'i c givie thanks upo' my? beided kntees alibi ,nigiht; 'still I was fearful it would noo last, atil I r speclt no muore tiani the five shillings 'lnisci to, siiyi u'to myself maybe the money will be' tniorb daniitid than it is now. Well the next week lie brought me the same, and the next, and tihe tiexi, ifijil' eight weeks had passed; and, glory 'toG'"God,. there was no change for tihe bad in mii histitdsbnl:; and all the while he never asked me why , there was nothing better flor him out of his eaiti'iiigs so I felt there was no fear for hiin, dstdt'ithe ninth week, when ihe came home to tie, Iliiad this table bought anut these sji. chairs, otb foir myself, four for the children, ahd bhbef6os iiiil?t, and I was dressed in a new gown, and the chil" dren all had new clothes and shoes and stock* ings, and upon his chair I put a bran new suit, and upon his plate, I put the bill and receipt for them all, just the eight sixteen shillings, the cost I saved oute of his wages--not knowing what might happen, and that always went for drink; and, good lady and good gentleman, he cried like a baby-but 'twas with tihanks to God: and now where's the htealthier man than my husband in the whole conity of Cork, or a hap. pier wife than myself, or decenter or better-fed children than my own ?" RoYA. hlousE K?Znetno.--The following is ,an account of one year's expenditure of Her ,eijesty in the way of house keeping. It is t?!gen from the steward's house-buld account, and is a public genuine dooumenit.- Bread .. .. .. .. .. £2,050 Bacon, Butter, and Egg.. .. .. 4,070 Mi k and Cream ... .. .. .. 1,478 Butochers' Meat.. .. .. . . 2472 Po, ltry.. .. .. .. .. 3;638 Fish .. . .. .. , , 1.979 Grooery .. .. .. .:. .. 4,644 Oilery .... . 1,703 Fruit and Confectionery . . . 1,741 Vegetables .. .... .. .. 487 \Vine .. .. . ,, . ;.:..., .. 4,8o0 Liqueurs, &e...; ... . 1,843 Ale and Beer ... ...: .. 2,811 Wax Candles. . .. 1,977 Tallow Candles .. .. ..,, b.. 6791 Lamps ... . ... 400 Fuel ...,.. ... . ." 6,841 Stationery .824 T;rnery.. . ... .370 Brtzieery . . , . 82 Chin , Gltiss, .&o;,; ý:+ ;", '"' . c ',c 7,328 Linen .= .. ..... .. .. 1,(18 ashing.;Tablerline .; , .. 3,130 Total LAount.,t , . . ? 0,03 !i :;STEAant IAvro vrxow ?atTWITH OLA)-Di.weter-i fromn .well-;luforlhitnferi'pties hatvde, it: aipeatls i-ipehed Sydii.t i-vfiwriie')- iRt -stated that the. ujne trnail from Ilodolun to these 'uoloniei would. e y torwardledl-wtith theioy iud'. nti l atr iiHiit, a.aI'lt. asSitgapor'?p·,'tul-l' t atrrattuelenti'is rlid been tg ald *,wit tlathe eiintistiita. ant Orietro tl Sit-tusa'Nvlsi !tioai» !othsi p'.to rifititisint ilicum futti, thatpoyt t ly-stelumtuJbduey'3 ALctitildidi, t otlee buascotits,!teitwas ioit ftltegibeiaJiibt the July inditi,-itilthietwotid be ihsusd'orwiirledi'' IH •bthe' sattlttl.c!ul.tetirespeciing:a tLi'uiaeliBr.l''i f thli: t''two we-e tqprtect,ylh .,minilh.onghe'ti.reiity'tod fli tii tulae isltia peiu'n! ee,itfun r :we,,bcl'i eve'tltI Iitilitiit! n i ils' aIre "utule i.e luppunotutt.younilbe flrsti ol'the minoiltll;i h dil'iu" :thllittdC seiini etyl'one: lda s toihltl: liite 'elipsei"-sincee itsi-despuielh' tt m huirilonig.i .priu't-tlhl! ii vehlope-.,wtould libe fe tiunld inucessiity, t.;i this rttute; 'otherwise we should tit b:Le 'sit l "at,^ine(r[?ypthl; fiternl coe 'in aii ili o i ' ,euit;'qipatetls---'Syd. AdAvertisttr."'i "*i ' l e - ? . ' li- Reilie. 'bt by :ium.ligraition So pyiyrcr .uf)tldyestitblisltel -sit London is lihkely l o .e ? ,lts.ppo. .ot igovertilet'l b;i litilt ' U llaii .i ., ',. fi rtiwe t.a ttinte" ditlseifiliitced- by"•u'r lo,'utel' ~eudaillttave .ilot: lalleti on blnrrel' girbiiiil tire~g, pirciuturf;of?-t'llhe '6Ot . av sit yss,-"'itil'ior' o'i i ,tllot sli Itei reatieild. i' ftroe-' viiriouts'qiurters :tlii' .Guoverti)lLttit cotiiemnplate; a uiti uiedi ste upl *plioti?ion to Paritiiineiit ,t'u..f ui tloiiyrityo t riises a ldtii fbr eiidgi'tttioi. 'I'lae amn ouuit, itt issiird, Cill be ?t leastl t500,00'), .perliips.£O1,00 1.00 : WaYinvc irioi viware sliati tile .proj atc tlisa beet li titilly adtopted by theC.pbintet; bit that it is' eri ously enteriuiu'ed by;,.EtirlG rey anud the,0ulolnial Ollice, and that it will be broughtl beforej.iPr lPita menit ins a- Goverimeni t l t easure, there isi we believe nio doubt." T' e Commods havBe .voted 2'00,000 for emigration, to thlle West. Indies,. *:;i. A' ,GiA1-'r.- Mr., Robert- Hles, . inam'ed' the ".Yorksliire Giait,", who will exhibit in-Nottitig hain' lext week, .is tiearly eight feet ill height, and weighs netilly 4621bs. (thirty-three stone). H.is lonlgiitudeisinhlerited from his parents, his father, a tirmer, being six feet six inches, and his moither, six,feet (weighing fourteen stone). Of this Patiagonian couple, the progellny were all reimnrkiable for their stature; the boys were "sons of Anuk," iuld the daughters of Atuazo nian development; any of them quite a Ghtni daletlitchli. The four sons averagedil six feet eive iuches in hcight; the liaughters, six feet thlree aiid a half inches. But the flower of the flock was, andt is thile one now ill Mallnhester. His sister, i-ged twinty, attained seven feet two iln cites, Hiad weighed siteent sioie, but she died in 1c4-2. Mr. Hules is noiC iln hiia twenty-cighthl yeur, of fair proporlioulns with) pleHsing leatures, tand good-humoured, cheerlul cuoiutienanue. He is vivacious and intelligent, and altogether a very different sort of being to the heavy :umpish lotIs we haiive seenin eartwvalns. Wiih himiin are exhibiited a male dwartf and two female Albinos. Notis Paper. APPEAL IN CRIMINAl. CAs8s.--The bill to establish a power of appeal in criutinal cases doutaiuis 20 clauses. It is proposed by the bill (introduced by Mr. Ewatt, who brouuht forward the Prisolners' Bill) to provide an appeal for aully dufeitlant found guilty by anty jury of a teloiIy or niiudenteanour. An application may be Itntde to one of the courts at Westminster lor a role: nisi for a new trial, or to enter the verdliet for thie .defendant, or to arrest the jutdgument. All questions of law as well of fact are to be decidedi by the dcoirt of appeal. After verdict and beforei sen?teuce, a defendant, b} himself, or his couno: sel, or attorney, may declare his intention ofi appeall. Whereupon sentence is to be given. For' wianit of prsecution in a speciled tinie or on the appeal being decided agniust tile party, tile sen tetoe is to be carried into eifeet. Coutnsel may be assigtled to teletanlthti, ndlt costs lmay be or deiedid to be ptlil to the prosecutor on showing atiuse to the rule. Defeltnliants are to be detained 'until appeals are determined. Boinnowiso NEWSPAPInES.-It is woPileraful !ibiv iniiui people think, in all Uouniries, of buy ilg a newspaper. A iman 110ho will waste hlnti detlds of pounds oni ridiculous trilles, will submit to wait hours fur hlis lewspaper, to have it takeun ltom Ihiitn wlihe iu the nmltlst of au interesting iirticle, to save perlaips 'i mere maitter of a few plence.per lday. For ourselves, we are like Pierre Lescolip-we read outir nIewspipiers wiith zest ouly lihen it is our own property, auid we cau eoljoy it (one of lie glreatest of imloderihtluxuries) by our own tieside-alt tilies, too, whie'n alily. other readiing- wuntld be wearisome tnuil tlistaste. tll.: We like a borrowed paper as little as a borrowed iiightiap. CuOLONIAL WOODS.-A. AM. Levien has opened anl estltblislimltluL ill Londoli for Ilie sale ol cabii. liet work, imaiuftiieiurIte from New vZalatud woods. -le executed a conunission lor thile King uo Prus sitt, and received thile gold medal awtlrded by tie Prissiani Oourt to personia of disti?nguished me rite in the.arts. BRANDY D.INKING.-" I told yOU," he re plied, " that I was going down to Mexico, Thompson wauted to go with me, and eventually we agreed to sail for Tampico, taking mny pilot boat, and that Thompson should act as captain. During the un favourable weather, which laisted nearly a fortnight, he did nothing but drink brandy day and night. He scarcely either ate or slept. When we arrived at Tamttpico and went ashore, Thompson put a belt round his body, stuck a brace of pistols in it, and addi. tionally armed himself with a cutlass. Three of the men we had brought with us he had armed in the sane manner, and thus attended walked into the town. I-e said it was needed in such a place as Mexico, where a man was never safe of his life. In one of the principal streets he stepped aside to get a " drink," of brandy and water at a groggery. When lie had ordered what lie wanted, he gazed steadfastly in the face of the landlord, who was serving him behind the bar, and then demanded if his name was not so-and-so, giving his name which I omnit. The man said it was his name. ' Thien,' replied Thompson, ' do you remember, about seven years ago, being my first mate? Do you remember how you betrayed me, and I pro mised if ever I met you again, no matter how long first, I would shoot you ? I shall be as good as my word." And immediately drew a pistol upon the astonished vintner, and pulled the trigger, but the weapon missed fire. The second was on tile point of being disciharged, when the nman attacked, drew i double- bairtelled gun from underneath his cointer, iul before lihe coutl fire a second, tite,, put the conteiits- of both bairels into his hbotly; lie was- aliumst cot ill two, aitl fell dead upon tihe flieor. Otis if his mien inimnediitiely 'jitped over the cotunter, ,tusber in haid,, ait cliive thie intiikeeper doown. neatly cuttiitng the heatld tld ntpperp lat oftihe body fruim tile "remaifidet.: 'heily were not? ttnukingoff, when thei' tig autlirtitiea helicariig sunieliilg ofi' ''the ilisiu i icea tcariestted ,tie ate trttiptei lugi'tives, alti 'eilthiiit ai liot r, wituli"ui t jiuilgej'try, or itt tial,i ? t hi reli ic i were eishoti iicht: f lii va iii M exico "aliil siic l tlie eflects of -i'itik itit tiis b?rting cliniat?.C?olutotiat Mlig.i O: :"J itx t h 9 , ist o-'- ie r ?\fli,' iig chiai, iclk esav'e iujilhui.t' the jt'iitet f' te P?iy3 otiictiii the '`3) tue? ? nlk 'ippeal estiblishes tt , siutcie 'la ii: oiitsock la alkiti tie Coloniies as ii bull?",'?? aiy lst, Was lti'E tiiill-daty of tid 'l f Wulli' ton his Grace Itavitug coin let'd .th yer ". . Mnt'ui"et'fv n''N le EtiGIA ,Ts To AsieitCA. 0 .-- `1'i j 000 ei?uig t ini iit, :ltaely critss?l ithI tl'i ittia " ft A ineritei, .? ,000 dild "l !itrit'g t·h e vty. ae, 4. 00 tti I tei art's t, iti0il 02i0 sere sent i to the .li iii l a til l tf hose ý 'i . t settled it tr?hi -Cil oxi i in . 'i tti'ti i',ttarticle tIius lieitledji ,,li'iuh i ppi tte i (in tis jiir"ial o :tt tlte 29it: Ili c venit iteil to expreS itit opiiuton r reg'rii'g the li'eit ausses, of thlie, poihult. Lutiomiutious nIow `iii 1-'~firpe, i'tto liiolse a piifi: rremv iiein g flieitii, eiticv :??e ttre gitit d i to find.: coit'poeiidl ilihivi t ?.tih ii i ties pr? p iiii?tdle l i'tin m itirtitle ill ':t lie''ne u m' :tie eper oi thiie 27th Apriil iitsll O iht I Loiti cuteilporiury, wGittle ittributiig iOe;pop itlii teiidsi? 'e' oii iturope its ie thi, to a (lt ss oto ptlp tsttii ovel the iientins iof sup pl'iiinga the pe ,ile wilt laibot triii futid,irpoposes Ihe er stme si emet dy, iatitely, eUignttioi oti a gig?tiitic scale, aild that the coltities should hbe liiii?ietl to give effect to it. T li et reiieily ta. tinitil ?esing r st itself, litin it would be whell for Atistitili.t? for Greit Bi itiiu, aiid for tie wot il, if itoitldd be carried. into effect .ita easily) as its bueefits' cani be aeethiately estinmateed aidi forietoln. Wehope tt the e powerful tadvoeaty of: tlie '"'Times' will be successfull in cailifig the itten tiottof the Europeanr Governments to the sub ject aThe piresent state of Europe is that of a political" Babel, and lhe existing comimotinis ivill tultimately have the effect of dispersing its super numenrary masses over the unpeopled parts of the earth -Moreton Bav Courier, THE MURDER OF MILES CARELESS. - We mentioned in our last that Powell, the blhck smiith who died lately, confessed sorietling about the murder of Miles Cureless. The resilt of that confession has been the apprehension of a ticket-of-leave man named George Weaver. formerly in the employ of MAr..Faw?ns, and inure recently ait laborer on the wharf. At the time of the murder Weaver was in Powell'a employ; the charge against hint is of having been accessary to the murder. When apprehendedl, he treatedi the matter very lightly, and said all lie knew about it was, that lie saw Cuareless go past his master's house on the tlay of the murder. Th le nman alleged to have been concerned, who died some time since, expired in a horrible state. He used to stirt tip in his bed and exchitim, "I see him now; I see himnt now-see how he bleeds!" but liot being suspected.of the. mnrder, the ex, clainatiois were treated its the ravilngs of a mai:-. niac, alnd was pitied. Weaver has been sent to Morven.-Lauieeston Examiner, BoLTI a.- Mr. J ennings, of Brightonu, applied to the , Police Bench on Tuesday mlorning. fur a! wairant agaitist Henry .atid Elitau Brooks, twol. iiiiitigrants by the Corniall, uftider the iiOf61wll ig: eircitistaltces : on-omplit natt bud gone tiu botart the svessel on arrival atl eigaged theltdefeliatlttts as getletil servanteis att v£35 lpet' a euntlt,. pityin thei'r expeieses totowit, itaul gviilrgtl teilt ditec: tiolls as to tieir hl iur?t lestcul s .itts ' ,b istiiita.d of pioceetlin, to Bttrigtoi i's ohrdered, tlie.cit guged ia secotdl tie u at a higlilr ate of .wnues, at the samee tithe biddilitg detiticie to Mr.t Jlet. Ulllgs. Thlie summonu wvs git ted, , " kNw " MAeosTrATa.c.-ltitsfiir oi .ted that Mr. A Woolley is biout to be tippoiittl maDgistrater of the terrilioryt .. . . .: i ' . . Watos Ilt ivis cialeltslatied. that the itimmber of etiigri ttsiu iita Iet i the cbit)y, lit a seaso tle of the y~eatr wieti the ileinaitnt ht laboun is less tho lat aiy ot?hllei peiiu1, wouiltd have Wliut aei effect of very i iteiilluy lowerietngt the 'iteif wtges. Hete it hits,not beeni the case, aultuw i believe the satiie isits bh sail of Mlelbourie. Ing both pitices tie dematid fur servitts has bee v.ery cotisitletable, sild altiitgh ,u t rties.nitt eo liberil tus were et lrred three i r c tirt months battk, yet the dilfereice is not .eiy great, or nearly so nitihi as tuticilted. iWages ohired to inititit grunts are ,iearly ais follws:--1 nt'iedt conuples £80'ton.£3o; si,,gle men £122 to £25; single fit miles £18"to u'20. In every iitstauceuf course rations are conchtuled. A MISConEvous GeosT IN Lonuon.- The whole of the niighbourhooil in Black Lion Lane, .Bayswater, is ringing with the extraordinary ocetrrences that have recently happened ini the hittse ,ui" u Mr. Wltlians, iu Moscow ittdl, niti which bears a strong recemihlinhtce to die cele brated Stockwell ghost affitir in 1772. The house is inhabited by .,1r. and Mrs. Williams, a grown up nou and daughter, aud a little girl between ten and eleven years of agos The first day, the family who weor remarkable for their piety, were startled at once by a mysterious movement among the things in the sitting-rooms and kitchen, and other parts of the house. At one tirme, without any visible agency one of the jugs calile off thile hook over tile dresser, and was broken; then followed another, and the next day another, and the next day another. A China tea pot, with the tea iust ill it, anit placed on tile mnltle-pigce, whisked off on the floor, and was imomediately smashed. A pewter one, which had been substituted immediately after did the the same; and when put on the table, was seen to hop about as bewitched, ailtl was actually held down while the tea was made for Mr. Williatihs' breakfast before leaving for his place of. business. When for a time all had been quiet, off came from the wall a picture in a heavy gilt frame, fell on the floor without being broken. All was now amazement anid terror, for the old people are very superstitious, and ascribing it to super natural agency, the other pictures were removed, and stowed away ont the floor. But the spirit of locomotion was not to be arrested. Jugs and plates at intervals continued to quit their posts, and skip off their hooks aRid shelves into tihe middle of the roomt as thoxgh they were inspired by the magic flte, and at slipper when the little girl's mung was filled with Leer, the miug slited off the table on the floor. Three times it was replenished and replaced, and three times it moved off again. It would lie tedious to relatte the fan'tastic tricks which lite'6 been played iupon householt articles of every kitid. An Egyptian vase jumped off the: tuble: when no silt was inear, ianid wis smasled. th The tea-kettle poppedtl ilffthe fire into:tthe rnate.ns iMr. Willitnns hadl illele; teiitpot wliich ifell: off the chimiiey. piece. ; Ctuidlestieks, after a:tdalice on the table, flew off, aind ornanients on tile.shelves, atid: cp. boxes, flew tbotiti iti. the odilest nm?annei.ititangitn lble.: A lookiilg-glass- hopped off; a diresilng tble. followedI by.coiuibs aud britslhes and several -liottles; utl. a, great ,prlitlnc sliioi h it] been ie tululili con'ttpeou furt ibti.cessntI jigs ftrotn tie part to tantthert I lie little girl, who is a painttit iiu 'tind iitll't'l " thlie cale of Ilr. atnd .irs. I llinins,?i 'ts l 9 1ptseI by thiii f"iiitils'to tibe the . i'tiee of it. ail;-=li;Wv ue r eitXtn ritiifiitty it niity seelll:in otie t'f lei' ge ;':lt i t tp ,o lle p'esenlt lti e it -cot ttnt es ita Mi staery, ial ilte' rodlus operatli" is iuvisiblit.-MothititgPiiU's:- o00 :.r 