REASONS FOR SUBMITTING TO THE CATHOLIC CHURCH, f BY A LATE ANOLICAN CLERGYMIAN. (I . Letters to a Friend.) LETTER r. S MY DlEAR FRIEND,-You have asked me to give-you an account 9 of the reasons which have induced me, after much consideration, and at the sacrifice of many feelings and some worldly advantages, to abandon the Communion in which I was brought up, and to join myself to the Church of Rome, as the one only Church, claiming in the name of Christ, and as His representative on earth, the obe dience of all Christians in all nations. The arguments which finally prevailed with me are the same which have induced so many betore me to act as I have done, and which have been so well and ably put forth in many recent publications, which are accessible to all. I might refer to these as containing all I have to say ; and I am in the habit of doing so. Still, you wish to have my own ac count of the way in which these arguments were brought home to myself personally. I cannot hope, nor do I wish, to say any thing new on these subjects ; but since you express the wish that 1 should write, I will not rtfuse to comply with your request ; and amply shall I be repaid, if what 1 shall say may influence but one person to do as I have done. I shall not attempt any laboured or methodical argument, either of the whole controversy, or of any particular point ; but shall just give a history of the manner in which the subject was brought before my own mind, the way in which I was convinced, and in which the prejudices and objections I had entertained were removed. We all remember the time when little or nothing was ever said by the English clergy about the Holy Catholic Church, its visibility, unity, and authority as the teacher of the faith ; of the evil and danger of schism ; of the fallacy and mischief of saying that the Bible, and the Bible. alone, was the rule of faith, &c.; We well semember the time when these doctrines first began to be taught, and how rapidly they spread-partly from t eir own in trinsic truth and manifest importance, and partly through the ability, earnestness, and high character of those who first propagated them. They were received by many, and warmly and heartily embraced ; among others, by myself. The doctrines then chiefly insisted upon were these : that the Church was a visible society, set up by Christ Himself to teach the truth, to convey grace, to decide controversies, and to regulate all matters affecting its own welfare ; that the Church was governed by duly ordained ministers, deriving their authority in succession from the original founders, the Apostles ; that the continued exis tence and indefectibility of this Church was guaranteed by the ex press promise of Christ; that union with, and submission to, the Church was necessary to salvation ; that heresy, which is denying what the Church teaches, is deadly sin ; that schism, which is separation from the Church, and rebellion against its legitimate authority, was also a deadly sin ; thar Scripture was not, and could not be, the alone rule of faith--for Scripture needed an interpreter ; that men needed an authority in disputes and controversies, to which they might, refer, and whose decree should be final; that Scripture and tradition was the true rule of faith. These, it was said, were the doctrines of the English Church ; by these she was distinguished from Protestants, both at home and abroad : she claimed to be Catholic and Apostolic, a part of the one true Church scattered all over the world, because she possessed a true succession in her Bishops, and held the true rule of faith Scripture and tradition-and all doctrines which, by this rule, could be shewn to have.been the doctrines of the Church from the first. There was a common sense in the substance of these doctrines which ensured them a ready reception in the minds of many persons who had been wearied with the groundless theories, and hopeless disputes, and fanatical religion of former years. It came upon us like a new revelation for our comfort ; and yet was so obvious, that we wondered how we had not seen before, that there must be a Ch/urch, a visible Society ; that this Church must have authority ; that if it had authority, it must be submitted to by individuals ; that Christianity was an historical fact; that it was not now for the first time to be discovered ; that we must inquire what it is, and not make it for ourselves. It was a comfort to be told that these were the doctrines of the English Church; that she claimed to be a part of the Catholic Clhurch -one by legitimate descent, and unity of faith and doctrines in all.essential matters with the Church of the Apostles, the Fathers, and the Saints; that she was our Church, the Church to us; that by union with her we were united with the Chulch Catholic all over the world, and with the Church of all ages from the Apostles. The rule of Scripture and tradition was then used and applied to determine the Catholic faith. By the application of this rule, the rule itself was proved to be primitive and:Catholic; by it the nature, constitution, and office of the Church were proved to be so likewise; by it also such doctrines as baptismal regeneration, the real presence of Christ in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, the Eucharistic Sacrifice, the power of the keys, or the doctrine of priestly absolu tion, were all proved to be primitive and Catholic; and all these doctrines, as well as the rule itself, were declared to be the distinctive doctrines of the Church of England, severing her, by a clear and broad line, from all sects and denominations of Protestants. With respect to the Roman Church, we are told that it had aban doned this rule of Scripture and tradition, and substituted in its stead the modern dogma of the infallibity of the Pope ; that, toge ther with the rule, it had forsaken also the doctrines of the primitive Church, and had made unauthorised additions of its own, at direct variance with the old faith, and even destructive of it; and that it had imposed these additions on pain of anathema on all persons, as terms of communion with itself. Rome, we are told, dared not submit her teaching to the test of Scripture, and tradition ; and that this was at once the ground of dispute, and the key to the distinctive differences between Rome and England. We charged her with additions to the faith-additions which amounted to or involved contradictions of Catholic verities ; as we charged Dissenters with denying the faith itself in regard to the Church, the rule of faith, and some most vital doctrines. Thus the Church of England was clearly designated as a middle point, or via media, between the Roman Church and Dissent, or Protestantism. Against both it asserted the rule of Scripture and tradition, by which the one was proved essentially defective, the other glaringly corrupt. Much was written on this assertion, and the " via media" became a household word among Anglicans.* Mr. Newman's work on the prophetic office of the Church, and Mr. Dodsworth's sermons on " The Church of England a Protester against Romanism and Dissent," were among the most able and popular expressions of this view of our position and claims. I embraced these views with sincerity and earnestness ; the ge neral principles laid down, and the great truths taught, commended themselves greatly to my mind. I seized almost with greediness upon the idea of the Church as a teacher and guide, and also upon her sacramental character, as the channel of grace, the medium thriough which individuals become partakers of the gift of the Holy Ghost, and members of the mystical Body of Christ our Load. This ,was just what I wanted,-what my soul needed and craved for. In "this view of the Church I found a basis for my faith, an authority above myself for my opinions and teaching, and in the Sacraments the connecting link between the visible and the Invisible, between God and the soul. A thousand difficulties were cleared up, and a connexion established between reason and faith, religion and ethics, which I had in vain searched for before and elsewhere. These truths so occupied and engrossed me, that for a time I could only think of them in their simpler forms and consequences. I felt sure that they were true, 2ohatever might be their conse quences. I received and taught them, therefore, fearlessly and earnestly. They were most personal to -myself and others, and carried us a long way beyond where they found us, without neces sarily bringing us to any serious difficulties. Meantime I took very much for granted, that both this rule of faith, and the doctrines above mentioned, were indeed distinctive tenets of the Church of England ; and also, that in the appeal to tradition and the primitive Church the Romanists were undoubtedly wrong. You must remember, that all my prejudices and feelings were on the side of England, and against Rome-that, therefore, I the more readily believed what the former said against the latter. I had been educated, as most of us have been, in the strongest ob jections to the worst representation of Roman Catholic doctrines. It never entered my mind that Rome could be right; and 1 accepted, without much examination, the theory offered to me to account at once for the existence and errors of that Church. It was a new, and seemed a most plausible idea to me, that the errors of the Church of Rome were simply exaggerations and corruptions, not wholly false; that every one of her doctrines had a foundation inr truth and in antiquity ; and that the Church of England had simply renounced the exaggerated or corrupt form of the doctrines, retaining all that was true; that it had carefully drawn the line, by the measure of antiquity, between what was Catholic and what was Roman. I was not learned myself-I could not be a judge in such a contro versy. I took the authority of my Church in the matter, and was glad to have so good and plausible an account to give of the fact of the existence and state of the Roman Church. Thus I continued for some time, working deeper and deeper into my own mind the idea of the Church as a living Body, inhabited by the Holy Ghost, the teacher of truth to nations and individuals, our guide in all controversies, and the alone appointed channel of grace to our souls. I became more and more convinced that such a Body, with such divine gifts, was an essential part of Christianity ; that without it the Gospel would be incomplete, if not unintelligible, and Scripture would point to that for which it provided no fulfilment. I also became more and more convinced of the truth and immense importance of what were called the Catholic doctrines,-baptismal regeneration, the real Presence, the power of absolution, &c.; I fed upon them myself, and enforced them on others. During this time it had never occurred to me to enter upon the controversy, whether these doctrines were indeed the distinctive aind authoritative doctrines of the Church of England, or whether it coutl make good its practice. and theory against the rest of the Catholic world. On the former point, the arguments and assertions of the writers of the Tracts for the Times satisfied me; on the latter, I took it for granted, that the Church of England was a Church and my Church, and that therefore the controversy lay not between Rome and me individually, but between Rome. and my Church. I believed also at this time, what was assumed throughout by the Tract-writers, or Anglicans, that the Roman Church was a true Church, though a corrupt one; that it might be in some respects more Catholic and Apostolic in its doctrines and practice than our own; that, indeed, it was allowable to consider it, on the whole, as in a higher state-to prefer it as a matter of taste and opinion, although duty bound us to our own Church. The pre rogatives of .the Bishop of Rome were also acknowledged and ad mitted. It began to be admitted, that theoretically there ought to be a positive visible unity; and that the Bishop of Rome, as suc cessor of St. Peter, was the proper theoretic head or centre of this theoretic unity ; that if things were as they ought to be, the Bishop of Rome would be Patriarch of the Wost and Primate of tlie world; that the schism or separation between the Churches was an anoma lous state, made necessary and inevitable indeed, by circumstances, but much to be deplored. Behold me, then, thoroughly imbued with Catholic principles and * 1 have adopted this term to describe the persons I allude to, as being the most expressive and characteristic I could find. It is difficult to fix on any word or name which comprehends all, and no more than, one meanlls, and whhob the persons themselves will consent to tllow to be used. I an, fully aware of the difficulty and consequent ambiguity. No one, for instance, could confound Dr. Pusey's tone with Dr. Hook's, or Mr. Dodsworth's with Mr. Bennett's, or Mr. Williams' with Mr. Gresley's or Mr. Puget's; or these agaiu with the Bishops of Exeter and Salisbury ; and yet these are all,in a senue," High Churchmen.' I have heard even one Htish Churchman or Au. glichu call another a " mere Anglican." The difficulty is in the very state of the parties; but I think the word used is. at once the least offensive, and the most distinctive and comprehensive doctrines, and yet a strong, decided, and hopeful Anglican, irre sistible against all Low-Churchmen and Evangelicals in the doctrine of the Church and the sacraments; confident against Romanists in the appeal to tradition and primitive Christianity; and protected, as I thought, by the authority of my own Church, and by the learn ing and ability of some of the ablest and best men of the day. I felt sure that the " movement," as the recent rise and sudden spread of'Catholic doctrines in England was called, was destined to exalt the English Church to the highest pitch of Christian truth, ecclesi astical order, and ceremonial chasteness and beauty ; that time only was wanted to bring about these effects in us; and that then we should win and almost compell the Church of Rome to acknowledge our catholicity, and,.perhaps, to put away some of her own corrup tions-at any rate, to withdraw her anathemas and unwarrantable terms of communion. In these opinions I was not singular. You well know that they were entertained at one time by many; and I could mention the names of the very highest authorities of Anglicanism, among those who suggested to me, or encouraged me in, these notions. It took me several years to arrive at this state of mind, at the end of which, by some little reading, by constant and habitual reflection, and by the progress of events, I was inevitably led to, and in some degree prepared for, the further questions, which had been in a great nmea sure passed over, but which now met us at every turn, and were pressed upon us,-Was Anglicanism indeed the theory and.doctrine of the English Church P and could the position of the English Church, according to this theory, be maintained on its own princi ples against the Catholic world P The progress of events, and the progress of my own mind, working out the conseqpences of truth it had received, brought me at the same time to these ques tions. The same questions had gradually got possession of the minds of some of the principal persons of the " movement;" and some of its best advocates and brightest ornaments gave it up, abandoned their position as thoroughly untenable, and submitted themselves to the Roman Catholic Church, as that alone which corresponded to their theories, which really taught and sustained their principles, and was that very thing which, without knowing it, they had all along been labouring for and sighing after. The progress of my own mind, the progress of events, and the secessions and written confessions of these men, was to me a sum mons which could not be resisted, to consider how far I was justi fied in my principles and theory, and how far those principles justified me in my position. The character, ability, and learning of these persons had been constantly urged both as a sanction for the opinions they held, and as a " note" of the Church to which they belonged. It is clear, then, that whatever was gained to the English Church by the personal character and abilities of the per sons alluded to, was not only lost to it by their secession, but became in so far a note against it. The questions, therefore, which began at this time to occupy and engross my attention, were these: Was that body of principles and doctrines which I had come to hold as the Catholic faith, and to identify with Christianity, the distinctive and authoritative teaching of the English Church P Had I the sanction and authority of my Church for my faith on these essential and fundamental points P And, next, in the disputes that existed between England and Rome (on Anglo-Catholic views and principles), could we justify our selves from the charge of schism, and of having given up, obscured, or neglected Catholic verities P Could we maintain and justify both our position and protest against Rome, on Catholic principles ? It was no longer a question with me, you will observe, whether or not there was a visible Church.; .whether the' Church had au thority to teach ; whether submission'to the Church by individuals was a duty; whether schism was a great sin, cutting off 'from grace. All these points were settled and assumed on both sides. So also were many great doctrines, as the real Presence of our Lord in the sacrament, sacramental absolution, and others. These doctrines were admitted on both sides to be undoubtedly Catholic, the denial or rejection of which was fatal to any pretensions to identity with the primitive and Catholic Church. The controversy now was not about these principles and doctrines, but on the as sumption of them, what was the issue P Further reflection and examination of these questions convinced me with a force I have never been able in any adequate degree to express or commut:icate, that Anglicanism, both as a theory and in its peculiar doctrines, is NOT, in any sense, the distinctive and authoritative teaching of the Church of England; and, further, that the Anglican theory, as such, is futterly untenable on its own or any Catholic princi ples; that according to all the principles and doctrines which I had embraced, and which I found it impossible to to give up, either the Roman Catholic Church was THE Church and our Church, or that there was no longer a Church on earth; that Christ's pro mises had failed; and that we were inevitably left each one to. his own private judgment as to what is truth and what is error. I will endeavour to shew you how I arrived at these conclusions in my next letter. THE DOCKYARD BATTALIONS.-AnI order has been read this week at each of the dockyards from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, relative to certain alterations to be made in the constitu tion and organisation of the battalions. The strength of each company is in future to be ninety-six men, instead of as heretofore from seventy to eighty. The artillery companies are to be increased at the expense of the infantry, and the battalions of each yard will be divided into nine companies instead of twelve, viz., four com panies, of infantry, two of artillery, two boat brigades, and one company of sappers. The artillery companies, although they are to be taught the use of the carbine, are not to be armed with that weapon, but to be engaged solely as artillery in the use of field pieces and garrison guns. '1 he same remarks apply to the sappers, who are to be specially instructed in the task of raising fortifications, embrazures, 8&c.; The boat brigades are, however, not to be ex ercised in the carbine, but to confine themselves entirely to the use os ship guns and armament for boats. The staff of each yard will consist of one serjeant-major at 3s. per diem, one quarter- master serjeant at 2s. bd. per diem,.andt sixteen drill-serjeants at 2s. 4d, per diem. TEMPERANCE AT COtLoNE.--BarOn Von Seld, the great tem. perance advocate, has held several meetings here, At his first ap peal at Cassino, about 300 ladies and gentlemen pledged themselves never to touch spirituous liquors. Baron Von Seld is a well-edu cated, accomplished man, and addresses himself in the first place to persons of education and influence. We are not surprised at his zeal, if, as he asserts, dluring the past year, in the kingdom of Prussia, above 20,000 (P) persons had become idiots or lunatics from drinking.- Globe. TaANsamussmoN Or BOOKS nY POST.-A Treasmry warrant has been published in the Gazette authorising the transmission ao books and pamphlets by post, in the Uuited Kingdom, at a moderate charge. IEach packet must contain only one book or pamphlet, with nothing except printed matter ; is to be open at the ends, and nmust not exceed 24 inches either way. If under one pound, packets are to be charged sixpence; and under two pounds, one shlling ; in stamps affixed. 