Highland Sports and Highland Quarters. By HEIBBRT 3Y.NO HALI., Esq.,author of " Spain, and the Seat of War in Spain," Sic. 2 vols. London : H. Hurst. 1847. .RAILROADS are rapidly dispersing' thc weird enchantments of Highland scenery, and bring- ing the heather to thc very doors of thc Southern population. Wizard glens are gradually losing their traditional terrors ; singing waterfalls, that have hitherto had all thc music of the gorges to themselves, are now rarely heard except in thc stillness of the night; and the,red deer is no longer a mystery of beauty. The far-stretching solitudes of hill and valley. : covered with their rich mantles of purple and gold, are now appro- priated to more profitable uses xhan peasant lore and poetry. The Highland proprietors are making, the most of their opportunities; and, much as tlipy love that land of tho mist, muchas they glorify themselves upon its legends and associations, they evince a still keener apprecia- tion of the " siller" which is to be acquired by letting it out to rich sportsmen in the shooting season.. Mr. Hall bears testimony to n remark- able case in point, that of the Castle of Mcggnr nie, which is scated in the midst of a secluded valley in Perthshire, running almost to the con- fines of Argyleshire ; a glen famous for its romantic beauly and solitary situatiun. The sequestered scene is far removed from towns and habitations, and the castle itself, tracing bick to the days uf Robert the Second, is a structure of prodigious strength, crusted over with antiquity, and apparently in excellent preservation. The proprietor 'is descended in a direct line from Robert the Second ; the blood of the Stewarts of Cirdnay is in his veins; and portraits of the Menzies'branch, whose ancient line is grafted by intermarriage upon the Stewarts, adorn the walls of the old building, attesting tha double lineage through which Meggernie hu been transmitted to tho hands, of ¡ts present owner. Now, mai the " modern instance" which points the mora " The present owner of Meggernie lias vei recently attained Iiis majority, and he wise] prefers following the example of numerous oth< Highland lairds, of letting his ancient chatea' .and its glorious shooting manors, to a noble an generous English sportsman (who keeps the or from falling to decay, and preserves the óth< with , the greatest care), to residing in a plai which, notwithstanding its many beauties, s.v in the sunny months of summer or autumn, won! be a sort of living grave." ? . Mr. Hal) writes with the enthusiasm of a kee grouse shooter, ami rejoices in the " wise"- resc Iulion of Mr. Menzies. But there is another sk to the question-not altogether a mere poetic; view, of it either-which some people may I permitted to take without unduly interfering wit the rights of the owner, or the pleasures of tl " noble and generous English sportsman." M. Menzies has a right to do what he likes wit Meggernie Castle ; but it is, nevertheless, great pity he does not contrive to keep up somt thing of its ancient state for the sake of tradi tion, which ;s the inheritance of the public, an the family honour, which is his own. Romana wa know, is going out. Thc fairies are ostra cised. Eagles .ire disappearing. Pipers, min strels, and beadsmen are to bc found only i ballads and Scott's novels. Forays and feud are amongst the relics of extinguished histor) Railroads are piercing the lonely hill side: and hissing amongst the woods and torrent; We know all that ; and we know that the pro gross of civilization is inevitable, and ths it ls also laden with benefits to mankind. Bc there are some places which ought to bn sa cred from invasion to the.end; places conse crated to the past, and so secreted in the depth of distant solitude that there is no excuse on th score of utility for the violation of their primitiv character. When a contest once arises betwee utility and tradition there should be nohesitatio which to choose. But here there is none. Place like Meggernie Castle are out of the reach c progress. Ages may elapse before such wit fastnesses shall be drawn into the vortex : an when the necessity comes, let them bc sacrifice! In the meanwhile we should petition against th sacrilege af letting Hiern out on hire like shooting boxes or bathing machines. That they are un tenantablc in the winter, from the ctrcumstanc of remoteness, is the worst possible roason to as sign for letting them out in the only_ season c the year when they may be occupied by th owner. Our argument, we acknowledge, is heresy in the face of game,; but that even th most inveterate sportsman may possess a big relish for scenery, and its historical privilege: we have an excellent proof in Mr. Hall himself He is one of,.wc hope, an increasing class, wh do not scour over a country with guns on thc! shoulders without stopping every now and thei to pick up a tattered legend, or admire a sunse in the mountains. The two volumes are full of this very spirit They are written with a picturesque freedon which brings loch and upland as clearly befor our eyes as if we shared in the glowing enjoy monts they describí. Availiug himself of th invitation of a friend to visit ,the Highlands fo the first time. Mr. Hall recalls all thc incident of his sporting tour with a rapturous sense c the pleasure he derived from them. Skirrin, rapidly through some of the most beautiful of th "Highland passes, and describing minutely th various kinds of sport they yielded, he finall. hurries his willing reader to tho Shetlands an Orkneys, of which he gives an account not les interesting in general details than attractive ii matters special to the sportsman. A work writtei with such mastery of its subject, and so replet with pictures of the life and scenery developei en route, is calculated in no slight degree t elevate the character of the literature to which i belongs. We must make room for a few passages, t< show the rattling style of the writer, which, a we have already indicated, is well adapted to hi: out-of-door topics. His first actual experience of the Highlands may be dated from Meggernii Castlp, which he reached at midnight, making the descent of the mountain into the depths o Glen Lyon in profound darkness "The night had become dark as pitch ; lamp; we had none ; and the Highland postillion, fear' less of all danger, with a loose rein and lolling seat, rattled us down the declivity of the mountain at a sharp trot. How the nags, such as the) were, kept their footing, heaven only knows indeed we admit the fact, that the thought passel occasionally through our mind, as wc neared the side of the precipice-as it appeared in the dark that if we escaped an upset or a broken limb, . The heath this night must be our bed The welkin, curtain for my head.' " At length, however, wo reached the bolton" of this interminable hill, and, rattling over an old stone bridge-barely of sufficient width tc admit thc passage of the carriage, underneath which the river Lyon rushed foaming and roar- ing over a bed of rocks-we made a sharp left angular twist, whirled up a bil of a brae, and came to a dead halt before a gate, as it then ap- peared to us, in the very centre of a thick covert. Post-boy descended, and opened wide the portal, as wc concluded and prayed, of Meggernie Castle. Devil a bit of such luck-we had still an avenue to pass-and such an avenue !-(but of this more anon)-the river still rushing by our side. Oh, ye salmon and trout, what a cool and pleasing retreat ! The darkness became more profound, and tile stillness of the night, broken only by our carriage-wheels, more solemn, as oh we poked our way, till at last wc approached what, in the density, appeared a noble pile of massive stone» Not' a sound was heard without, nor a light was seen within. -Wiiat a welcome and pleasing termination, thought we, to the sunshine of thc morning .' Ghosts and goblins of de- parted chiefs might be housed there", with little to eat and nought to drink, for all we knew ; for all was silent as the grave. * . . " To stand^ before the door of an old Scotch castle tilt midnight, however, or remain under its'shadows till morning, was not for a moment our intention. So bang one ! went against the door-for knocker there was none. Bang two ! all still was silent, save the echo of the bang. B*ng three ! a double shot ; when-joy and re- lief-a light appeared through the key-hole. Bang four I open sesame ! and, with a caudle in hand, appeared à short, Well-built individual, with a comely countenance :' in fact, a good'specimen of a Highland gamekeeper, and, as we after- wards found him, a good sportsman and right honest fellow." Bundling tn, bag and baggage, in five minutes they found themselves before a blazing peat fire, discussing a slipper of stewed hare, qualified by a huge bottle ot *. mountain dew." Whoever has visited the Highlands will re- cognise the fidelity of the following^ picture. It is a vision of red deer, showing them first in their repose on a sunny pasture, then disturbed, ami then Hying to the peak of a mountain, and litrrally vanishing into the air :- - " The kilted clmriot-driver approached, and, as if nothing had really occurred worth mention- ing, willi a half-sleepy yawn*, as he removed the short pipe from his mouth, he quietly exclaimed, " I'm just thinking I see a stag or twa on yon brae." Out Hew the.cigar from Hps which had hitherto held it as «1 treasure-up went the tole scope-and, breathless with emotion, we skimmed the horizon, and at length pitched on the spot, where not a stag or twa, but a whole herd of red deer, hart and'hind, were seen reposlng in the warm sun, while others were still picking up the fresh and dewy grass. As we gazed, intensely delighted at this, one of the most beautiful pic- tures a sportsman can behold, the thoughts rushed rapidly through our mind, of what-must be hts sensations at such a moment, who not only looks on thc noble animals, but has the right to shoot them also. This , herd of deer, on which our eyes then dwelt with interest and admiration, could not have numbered less than a hundred haunches, for thus they were-jocularly counted by'one of our companions ; and although a mile at least from the spot where we had halted, the sun, which shone in brilliancy on their feeding ground, enabled us so distinctly to behold them, th3twith the aid of a glass they might easily have been counted. .' We remained for a considerable time watch- ing the movements of these kings of the forest, when, lo !-for what reason we know not-whe- ther they had caught sight of our party (by no means improbable or impossible, for their sense of smell and hearing is roost acute, as all sports- men are well aware), or whether they had- been disturbed by some more immediate object invisi- ble to us, we cannot pretend to say-nevertheless, in one moment the rcposcrs started up, and the whole formed in a strong- body like a troop of horse. A large stag singled himself from the herd, and having gazed round on all sides, and having doubtless informed his seraglio that dan- ger was at hand, the whole body galloped stea- dily up the mountain side ; their chivalrous leader, in this case forming the rear-guard, halted from time to time, till, having reached the summit of the hill on which they had been feeding, the word' to form in single line-was evidently given ; for in this manner they rattled along the ridge, and thence down the steep end of it, bounding like racers up the face of a steeper mountain, right over the top of which they tied. " The large and gallant stag, who still kept his place in the rear, halted one instant on its rocky summit, and was then lost to our sight for ever." On another occasion he had an opportunity of trying his hand on one of these noble creatures. After being ensconced for two hours in a close thicket, obliged to keep strict silence, and suf- fering severely from the cold, at last came the echoes through the woods which announced the approach of the herd. Mr. Hall declares that, although he has run through all manner of dan- gers and pleasures, he never in his life felt half the feverish excitement of that moment : " Perhaps it was the cold-perhaps the wet, or the long waiting-we know not which-but so nervous were we, that scarcely could wetJJft the rifle to our shoulder. We managed, hotfijyer, to shake off partially this feeling which jjhmerved us, and bringing the.rifle to the showier, pre- pared for the coming deer. The qiSSk eye of our young companion, however, acgpjtomcd to such sport, immediately perceived tiyil the herd was composed of hinds, some havipg^calvcs stilt by their sides, and not an antlejgwas among them. He therefore seized the.£a£m, which in another "instant would perhaps jMVe pulled tho trigger, and, by destroying thelrcother, at the same instant have murdered th¿?on. And, lo ! they passed-a noble group. I&gf;* they appeared as a drove of oxen-so large they loomed in the shades of the forest, and m&^ified by the ex- cited state of our nerves. XlNp passed, however, rapidly on, and were losjgfc view. We know not why, but this scene trolly revived U3 : we recovered nerve, and feltCtfrit we had acted with patience, if not foresighted " But our patience and forbearance were amply rewarded. A brief time elapsed ere again thc I murderous voice of powder proclaimed the deer j at hand ; and with nerves well knit we prepared ourselves for action. Once moro the opening was darkened by the coming deer. In this in- stance the number was far less, but the antlers, . tlie forked antlers, adorned their lofty beads. .' ' Take the leader,' -said our young chieftain. ' and hit him in the heart. I shall not fire.' .' We did as he desired. Hidden by the trees, we, calmly as circumstances would permit, await- ed the moment when the animal was well nigh abreast of our hiding-place, and then fired as lie rapidly advanced. Almost immediately after the report, at not more than thirty yards from where we stood, the deer fell on its knees, and then with a sudden bound recovered itself, and tied through the forest. The gillie near at hand-for the moment we had forgotten him-and who held a fine deer-hound, immediately slipped the noble animal, who at once gave chace to the wounded deer ; and we followed in cager and breathless hope of the result, which, however, we were not fated to know ¿re the light of day had closed the glen In darkness." The stag was wounded to the death,.and Mr. Hall preserves the antlers as trophies of that me- morable adventure. 