¡MISCELLANEOUS ENGLISH EXTRACTS. «niyiLEGES OP AN AMERICAN STATESMAN : VERY AOBEEABLE. "Previously to Mr. Clay's departure from Columjiin house, and while most -of the gentlemen were engaged in paying the last attentions to the New York deputation, a curious scene was going on in the parlour. The veteran statesman bargained with a few fur Philadelphia^ to ex- change some clippings from his hoar} locks fur the nectar Dom their lips. 'Ihe trade was carried on with such «aroettness that there was danger of his needing a wig to çpjrçr his losses, while the kisses he took in exchange caused innumerable heartburnings to jealous lovers who accidentally were iif traded to the spot.-New Yorft Herald .ANECDOTE OF PIUS IX. We find the following anecdote in some of the Paris journals :-" Cardinal Lfunbruichini wrote to several reli- gious xommunities engaging tliem to oiler up prajer» that tile Popo" might be removed from his state of blindness. One of these letters was sent to Pius IX , who caused the Cardinal to be invited to come and see him. The Car- dinal having replied that he was ill, and could only go the next day, the Pqpe sent a message, Hint fie would wait on the Cardinal. On this the Cardinal hastened to the Quirinal, and, on being introduced to the Pope, the Holy Father placed in ,h}s hands the letter which lie had addressed to 'the communities. When the Cardinal had read it, ihe Pope said, ' you now understand that I could not go toibed without pardoning you 1' " Â FRENCHMAN'S ACCOUNT OF ENGLISH SOUPS ANO STOMACUS. ¡The English SOURS consist of turtle, a compound,of thal animal and of coxcomb», mushrooms, ham, and «pices, 'there is but one hou.se iu London where it is to be seen ; but,thp mice forbid« it ,being eaten, as it is four fmncs/i portion,' However, there 'is a substitute, called mock turtle, which is within the capabilities nf ordinary purses. Next to the turtles, real and mock, come the tribes of gravy, ox-tail, gihlet, hare, pea, mutton broth, and mulli- gatawny. 1 ho last-named is a horrid importation from India, composed of ntl kinds of fiery ingredients, and so pungent that few of ui frenchmen could dip the tip of their jünger« in it .with impunity. Hut the English, of both mas, actually devour it lil",u salamanders, and the police do not think oí interfering to prevent ¡them. An Englishman's stomach is endued with marvellous elasticity and easily digests four meals a-day. P. D'Ademar. Church of England Journal. THE NEWE8I PARISIAN POPULARITY. Bouton's new diorama is destined to become the most popular of «II those which he has given to the public. It is called a " View in China," and represent* the cits, of the celestial empire under the influence of the rising sun ; then in thp heat of noonday ; and, finally, the glorious sun- set of eastern climes, nightfall. You imagine the exhibi- tion to be over, you are preparing to depart, when sud- denly ¿he whole scene becomes illuminated by myriads of twinkling lights, the sound of bells and Chinese music is heard, the Feast of Lanthorns is proclaimed, and you Temoin entranced as if by magie until the curtain drops and leaves you in daikness; in a dream of delight from which you are only awakened bj *hp gendarme who wears the^ostume of an.empiie anjythinf but celestial, and shouts in a thundering vofce, " 4l{ons, Messieurs, ti faut so tir pour fair placf à d'autres "-Paris correspondent of The Atlas. r ' ESCAPE. There i» always n strong reaction of ¿he mind when a man, bowaver jirave. has escaped from a danger that appears imminent. What warrior is not glad when the -battleis over? What sailor does not rejoice when the storm is past ? Does not even the huntsman feel it when ho bos safely surmounted some dangerous leap ? Hut, above all, when the earth* has rocked under the feet, when the mountain* hove been bowed down to the valleys, when the cristi of falling clifls and tile rall!« of the earthquake have sounded in the ear, then, the moment >h«l convulsed and hearing Natur* has resumed her tranquillity, does not the blood rush circling again through the veins ? does not, as it were^ a new life resuscitate the fainting heart ? New dangers may arise, but this is past and gone. One escape .setraa (tut pledge of future deliverances.- The Wayside Cms». THE TERM " GALILEE." At a recent lecture by Professor Willis, delivered before the Archaeological Instituí« ft Ely, bp stated that "on entering thal cathedral they found them. selves in a porch or portico of the old English period, called the Galilee; that waa the name mentioned in the ancient records. A building at the western end of Durham Cathedral waa also called a Galilee; and why herould not tell. Various opinions had been sjjfvn by writers on ecclesiastical archi leptura as to the stade áVrieafur of the term as applied to such porches; bul they were conflicting and uusausfartury." Mulford Church, Suffolk, has a large porch attached to it resembling that at Ely, only of course m ni h amaller, and also called a Galilee The Rev. Alfred Suckling, io his "History of Suff ilk," says-" Jn early ages lhere waa always a Galilee attached to every fburrb, in yhich public penitent» were stationed, and ll|e bodies of the dead occasionally deposited before interment, 'f he name is supposed to have been appended to these extreme porches, because as Galilee was the part of Palestine most remote from Jerusalem, so Ibis portion of the building waa moat distant from Ihe sanctuary." Qn referring to .> Steven sou's Supplement to Benth««'* Ely," we fjpd, " When the two Marys visited the sepulchre on the morning of the resurrection, they were told by the apee Is, < He is risen from tbe dead, and behold he goeta before you into Galilee; thera shall jp see lum.'" The last station where the bishop und clergy terminated their procession on Easter Sunday was «ailed the Galilee, as denoting that Christ, after His resurrection, preceded His disciples into Galilee. Ii appears from Du Caoge, that the term in question applied to the portico on the outside of the church. FBOrr STORING. At tha Pmant season of the Jf "r li,.« most important duty of the fruli.gro«er is the guttering and storln* of hil crop, so «f to prMtm it in perfectiqn fo the latest period postible. The directions regarding the fruit, room, contained in the Botanic Garden and FruUitt for the prêtent month, are too copiou. for giving at leegth. The following idea« from then» will, however, be use. fal lo «leny of our readers. The room should occupy a northern aepeet.be kept dark, and have a|QW uniform temperature. Ile shelves should be of eeentlui wood and those for Flemish near* epclosed.' Apples and pears nay be kept in perfection between layers of ?and ; and «till Sf "Çfj V fr?« »rapoed m pqper. Qr, wrapped'» paper, and enclosed in earthen jurs, with due retard tv temperature,«te, they keep lung without ?briDklof." ? A MORAL f OB YOUNO LADIES. " Listen,"«aid I, "listen and attend,and ijouishall have a mural »ixl an «sample. When 4tM> ,w,at>p imtv in Hie wiudow entered the room;you flew at |t willi all kind gf violence I »ander it didn't sling every one of you. Now, ¡n future, Iel a wasp, when it conies, hare ils little bimi and make Its little noise Don't stir a mu«rl«*, don't m»ve a lip, but be as quiet as the itntne uf Vivons or Diana, or nnylwdv iof that sort, nnlil Ihn wasp geents inclined, a» at this moment, to settle. Tbqn do as I do n<iw." Whereupon, dipping the feather end of Ibe l'en In the crunt of salud oil, I approached the wasp and in the sollest and tenderes! manner possible just oiled it upon lite-body, the blank and yellow like grooms' waistcoat«, when down it fell, turned upon its buck, and was d<ad in a minnie. " There, girls," said I *_see what kindness and a little oil does Now, here's my roonil example. Wltpn a husband comes hume in an ill humour, don't cry out mid fly at him, hut trv a little oil ; in fact, treat your husband like a w<isp " INDIAN DIPLOMACY When the American General Lincoln wen) to make penre willi the Creek Indians one of Hie chiefs ft feed bim to ait down on a log. He wa* then desired lo move, and, in a few minutes, to move still further : the request wns repented till the general got lo the end of the log. The Indian pal I. " Move further," lo which lite (jenemI replied, " f can move no farther " "Just so it is with us" said the chief "you have moved us back to the wajer, and then «sk us to move farther." PLEASCBE-TAKIM? AT BERLIN A m An, with his wife, three tatt diughlers, and a eon, wanders in the most burning heat of lb» sun, for an hour, through the most melancholy desert of sand to recreate ilumself in what Its called a "ginlen." And of ««bat does this "Karden" consist? Of an enclosed field of sand, in windi a few dried stunted trees are standing, mid where refuge from lb« violent heat must he sought under the umbrellas wluth the party liuve brought wild them, and which they have put up. The wife here bulli the cuffi e, (likewise brought willi her.) the daughters unpack the white breud, (likewise brought with them,) lind the husband dues not venture to drink ni me than a (¡Ians of " white, beer." Thus tiley «it a few hour« together, find the smallest green liaf »onderonsly beautiful, and return in the evening to the burdens and sorrow* of a whole week.-Friedrich Saw. EXTRAORDINARY EVIDENCE. H. Borthwick, brewer, and Henry Dobson, labourer, were charged before the Sheriff of Edinburgh with having forcibly entered a pigeon-house, called Sheriff- hall Dovecot, near Dalkeith, the properly of His Grace the Duke of Buccleuch, and with stealing about seventy pigeons. The pigeons were sold to a spirit-dealer who keeps carriers' quarters at the head of the Cowgate. Part of the pigeons were taken out to Dalry, where they afforded sport at a shooting-match ; but the rob- bery having been discovered, the thieves were traced by the county criminal officers and the greater part of the pigeons were recaptured. The stolen property, however, having been difficult of identification, an excellent expedient was resolved upon to find out from whence they had been taken, which was to let the pigeons fly at liberty, in the expectation that they would fly to their former cot. Accordingly a number of the birds, with ribbons and other marks attached to them, were set free from the top of the County-hall buildings, and another flock was taken to Samson's ribs, and liberated there, and the perdons who were stationed at the Sheriff-hall, to mark if any of the stolen captives returned, observed, in a few minutes after the appointed hour, a number of the older birds, and those who were stronger in the wing, regain their place of abode. The flight of one of the pigeons from Samson's-ribs to Sheriff hall, a distance of four or five miles, was accomplished in less than five minutes The robbery being thus confirmed by natural evidence, the jury unanimously returned a verdict of guilty, and Borthwick, a habit and repute thief, was sentenced to eighteen, and Dobson to six months' imprisonment. Edinburgh paper. 1088 OF " THIRDLY " The Rev Mr. -, minister of -.- -, had the custom of wriliug the heads of his discourse on small slips of paper, which he placed on the Bible before lum, to be used in succession. Une day, when he WHS explaining the second bead, he get a little warm in the harness, und carne down with such a thump upon (he Bible willi his hand, that the ensuing slip fell < ver the ed it of the pulpit, though unperceived by himself. On reaching the end of his «epqild bead he looked down for a third slip, bul, alas I it was nut to l>< found. "Thirdly," he cried looking round with great anxiety. After a little piuse, " Thirdly," again heexilauned ; but still no Ihirdl) appeared. " Thirdly, I say my brethren," pursmd the bewildered clirg - man . but nut another word could he utter At Ibis point, while the congregation wire partly sympathising with Ins distress,and partly rejoicing al suth a deci- sive instance of the impropriety of using notes in preaching-which has always been an unpopular thing in the Scotch clergy-an old woman rose up, and thus addressed the preacher :-" If I'm no mistuVn, Sir, I saw Thirdly flee nut at the east window, u quar- ter of un hour syne " It is impossible for any bul n Scotchman to conceive how much Ibis account of the loss of Thirdly was nlished by that part of the congregation whit h condemned the u»e of notes - L hambei s s Scottish Jest Booh, ELBOW-BOOM. Disguise it as you will, but there is a naluial love of elbow-room amongst mankind which drives tin m into waste places : to ihe moors and lbe mountains, to Ben Lomond or Barnes, and it is strongest in us of the Lackland family We hate gates and hedges . they ure counsellors that " feelingly persuade" us what we are. We graap at the ghost of a leuure, and on a wild heath seem lo have and to bold by N ilure's own act and deed. We have no frieudly feelings towards bim who threatens man-traps and spring guns, and detest those two magistrates who have stopped the foot palh How wa feel the instilling curtoess of " Beware," " No thoroughfare," and have our sympathies enlisted for ihe pour trespassers so cruelly menaced at Hie cor. nen> of plantations. But, above all, we loathe the arrogant benevuleuco of bim who tells us to *> Mind the dog " We see through this fellow. It is an attempt to throw upon a generous animal the odium of his st Ifisdi conservancy, and save his gras» under the cloak of philanthropy We are tempted to exclaim, " We dou'l mind bun the least I" und bave a rebellious excitement in the doubt uf bein« gnawed aud worried. -Scraps and Sketches of Irish L\fe. AMÜSEMENTS IN PARIS ALAS ' IBB POOR ETHIOPIAN 8LRENADEB8. The weather has been so warm and beautiful that our artistic and fashionable season baa beeu delayed much longer than usual, indeed, were it n >t for the Italian Opera and the arrival of Lablache, we should nut imagine that winter was coming at nil this year. The fashionable world has not yet assembled,despite the beckoning and »miles of us old-established favourites. Grui has returned to us in full force, with Ihetriumpbant insolence of one who lins sustained alune, in London, the honour of Italy and art against nature and Jenny Lind. The Ethiopian singers, who obtained such unparalleled success in London, were regarded as a mystification here, aud have been treated accordingly with hissing, hooting, aud coppers thrown in abun- dance on the stage, Our Paris public IB a Sultan blasé unlike John Bull, whose child like simplicity causis biro to be pleased with the rudest efforts made for hie entertainment The exhibition was considered un. worthy of a civilised audience, and was not suffered lo procetd, The long-expected, lopg.annoumed drama of Monte Christo '. ** length completed. It will present the novel fe» I jue of being in tvvo complete parts : Edmond Pontet will be performed un oue night, and Monte Christo on ihe nest. The fjrst part will comprise Ihe whole period of the adventures of the young sailor, his imprisonment, his escape, and the finding of the treasure, the second, all the stirring romance of the count, and his revenge. Both the dramas are admirably got up, and performed by the élite of the company of lbe Theatre Historique, under the superintendence pf Alexandre Puma« himself, whose whole foul if «tntred iq tt>e success, pf this gigantic work, which he consider» us his chef d çeuyre. One would have thoaghl Ihm Fans bad already con. lamed enough ball-rooms to satisfy its population, in spite cf its proverbial passion fqr darning. Another one of vast dimensions in, however, now erecting on the Boulevard du Temple, It is to be elastic, being divided by sliding panel«, made to advance or retire, according to the »usober of tickets sold ; and the prchestra is seated in the middle of the lustre which is fixed in the ceiling. It is said thal bath for sight and pound the effect of this arrangement is most delightful. The grand opera of Verdi, The rall of Jerusalem, i» to come out in the beginning of next month, and Meyer. beer's Prophet will appear towards the end of December. Tbe laffer is considered one pf the composer's best works, and runs to the enormous length of seven acts. Who will be tired first, the singers or the audieuqe ? Pans correspondent of the Atlas -A WELSH MAGISTRATE. A traveller, having made HU excellent supper at an inn in N»rih Wales, observed, that" nobody could have made a1 belter." .. Slop, slop," unid the landlord, "yon are in' Wales, sir, and must not make personal compari- sons without adding, . ihe Mayor exceptad.'" "No," rejoins Hie other, .«.I'll neither except major nor alder map. I;Say no pian could lmvi»,uiade a belter «upper (hau I have done." .. Will you nott" sind Boniface; "then, let ,me tell you, you'll he fined ,flve shillings." ".Fined or confined, It mailers nut ; I'll not except u soul of them." The landlord made his bow and exit, hut ihe next morning summoned his guest before the Mayor for Ibis act ofrpetty treason, mid ihe fine was, in coii9P(|iiPiirf,eiHcle<l aiidpiiid I when the traveller,turn, ing round to the landlord in open court, thus addressed him :-" I have ¡travelled through the greater part of England, Scotland, and Ireliinl. and, except the iden- tical animal (hut chews the thistle, I have ne»er met willi .so egregious JW ass as yon ure, laoilloid ;" Jinil then, turning with an air of piufound reverend' to Hie bench, ho added, .' lim Mayor excepied."-&/u?;j«/iire Cotiscmativç. STRANGE STORIES. The Paris Presse publishes Ihe two following siale raciits, whirh, it say'«, have been communicated to it by an officer of the navy, whose shuts, we suspect, urn only puffs for promotion:-"On Hie night of the 20lh of June last, an English brig tired, wilhoiii tiny prêtions notice, two guns loaded with ball on the French bug the Abeille, one of ihe squadron of the western coast of Africa. The commandant of die Abeille, a M. Logins, immediately relumed shot fur shot. The English vessel j» as .so Astonished that ii made signals to entreat that the fire should reuse, whereupon the French brig approached it, ami Uie coiiiuwndaul exacted from the English captain that he .-liuulil instantly make un apology. The Englishman accordingly went on hoard the Abeille, and made an »polegy in presence of the offi- cers ami crew, anil afterward^ entered the cullin and re- pealed liisexcusps. Nnlwillistundiug ibis adventure, the Engln.li and .French on the African mahon aie Uni best friend-io the win Id." The other story of Hie Preise is as follows :- "The Abeille was anchored off tiona,a Danish pos- wsidon in the Gulf of Uemn, on the »veatern const of Afiica, »hen the Danish Governor demanded assistance, he being besieged in his fort by six thousand blacks, and having only u stock of Iw o day H'provisions. Tile Abeille immediately sept out its men, who, by firing grape-shot und musketry,succeeded iucoiivevmg provision to Iho besieged; and this so frightened the blucks that within forty-eight hours after they hud all decamped. The Goternor of the Danish possessions I hen went on board the Abeille, and thanked 'the com- mandant. He next n quested that he might he oom-j ed to Affrle, another Danish possession, and his customary place of residence: and willi this request the com- mandant of HIP Abeille immediately complied." The Morning Chronicle publishes (he following true account of the nff iir flrbt mentioned ; -" On the evening of the ¡JOiii of June lind, soon after dark, Her Majesty's sloop Hound, Commander Wood, While running along the lund off Porto Nom, near ihe notorious slave-trading station of Whydali, in the Dight of Benin, descried a sail which tanked and stood to sea. The Hound made sail ni pursuit ; anil having, at len pin., come up about liulf-a mile to lee«ard of the chase, Commander Wood ordered Ihe private signal to he made to her ; but some delny occur- ring in ,the slinging of the lanterns, and Commander Wood and his officers feeling ceilain that the chase vi as not a ship-of-war, ho ordeied a shot lo be fired across her bows to bring her to. The vessel then showed some lights ; bul aa they were not hoiHled ni the proper form of the signal, a second shot was fired, which was roi III neil by the chase, and which turned out to be the French hri¿ of-war Abeille. The shots from both vessels were purposely fired wt le, and took no effect. Lieutenant Hallett, of the Hound, wns imme- diately sent on boaid the Abeille, to offer Commander Wood apologies for Ihe mistake, which were received with courtesy and politeness by the commander of the Abeille." 