THE CTTATI.EXOE. Gentlemen. — The French say that lt to put a question in its true light is the first duty of contro versy.' It clears the field of action and sweeps awav whole swarms of ' idols of the imagination,' which otherwise are sure to allure the combatants nto a war with ' airy nothing,' and .' the baseless fabric of a vision.' What, in good sooth, is Mr Frank M'Elhone daring to wordy combat in your No. of the 31st ultimo, but the ghosts of ancient giants and monsters whose hydra heads have been cut off long ago ? ' As men, as Christians, as British Christians 'says the Romish champion) we have certain inalien ible rights.' ' As British subjects we stand upon an equality with others.' Assuredly ! but how does :his bear upon the Romish controversy ? Who questions these rights ? Who would withhold them ? Mr M'Elhone himself states : ' The imperial govern nent has restored to Catholics what for the honour of egislation should never have been taken away.' He ?ecognises, moreover, that in South Australia, at east. ' the editors very fairly leave their columns jpen for Catholics to defend.' The local government, is tiie returns published in your Saturday's issue prove, afford an equal and impartial aid to the Roman Catholic as to the Protestant faith ; and finally, Gen :lemen, has there been published in your columns a single sentence, editorial or communicated, which calls in question the equal rights of our fellowcolo nists of the Romish persuasion ? I think not ; and it appears to me to be nothing less than a simple ' fallacy of confusion' as the logicians say, in the mind of the challenger to imagine that we Protest ants are bigots and shall undertake to defend bigotry. I am utterly at a loss to ' know where this phantom of the brain — this man of straw,' has any real exist ence amongst us, against whom the vaunting cham pion throws down his gauntlet. The ghost-stricken Knight of an unnamed order proceeds : — ' To be injured severely on account of our religious convictions is to be subject to n. degree of persecution.' Again I enquire, in world-wide wonder, who inflicts any injury, severe or light, of persecution ? Do Protestants ? They learnt that game of folly and sin from the apostate Chnrch of Rome, but they have unlearnt her pernicious les'sons. Some fifty years ago hundreds of priests and devotees were driven from the shores of Franee and continen tal Europe by the persecuting sword of their own proper, natural, and eelf-bred enemy modern infi delity, and they found an asylum in Protestant Eng land and America. The Government and Parliament of England granted them pecuniary aid; private subscriptions were munificently contributed for, and private houses in numberless instances were opened to the ' refugees.' Not many years afterwards Protestant statesmen, and even Protestant Bishons in their places in Parliament defended and maintain ed the civil and religious rights of Roman Catholics ; Protestant Dissenters of every name united in the struggle, and eventually the truly Protestant princi ple of the right of private judgment in religious mat ters was triumphantly carried. Have the Roman Catholics in any part of the world reciprocated to wards us this spirit of liberality ? Has the Pope or any Romish council accepted the doctrine of'ths right of private judgment ? To ask these questions is to answer them to all in any measure acquainted with the state of nations where the Roman Catholic is the dominant religion. As a Protestant Dissenter I have fought in this battle of universal freedom for the minds of men. Among a Roman Catholic population in a neighbour ing colony, I had the honour for several years of maintaining with every power of my mind and heart the rights civil and religious, of this and every class of our fellow-subjects against all opposers. Nor is my case an exceptional one. At least three-fourths of Protestant newspapers and periodicals in England and America adopt the same liberal and enlightened course towards the Romanists ; — an example they are very far indeed from imitating. But more than this, these liberal-minded Protest ants, who constitute the vast majority, admit cheer fully and accept with joy every truth to which Rome in her fearful apostacy yet adheres. For her stedlast defence of our Lord's divinity, and incarnation, and of the historical truth of the gospels, they esteem and honour her. With fellow- feeling and hearty concur rence they can enter into the tender piety of a Fenelon, the uncompromising integrity of a Pascal, and the unctional fervour of a Massillon when he argues on ' the reality of a future,' ' the necessity of repentance,' ' the danger of delaying conversion.' Such truths as these Protestants have transferred to their own simpler and purer forms of worship, and hold them dear as their life's blood. But in the following fundamental and prominent points wherein they deem the Church of Rome to have corrupted the pure truths of revelation, they differ and must for ever differ from her. 1\. In her corruption of the great doctrine of justi fication, by mixing up with the perfect righteousness of Christ, the imperfect and sinful works of man. 2\. The " fondly invented' doctrine of supereroga- tion, or works beyond the demands of God's most holy law, which human works she forms into a fulive fund of merits, whence the Pope draws his soul-deluding indulgencies. 3\. The superstitious regard to the Virgin Mary ; modern fiction of the immaculate conception, or Mary's exemption from all stain of sin ; the adoration of saints, angels, relics, the cross, the host, &c.; ; and above all her fanatical and insane superstition of wor shipping the hearts of Mary and Jesus, profaning the most sacred language of prayer by applying it to a mere creature and to fleshy organs. 4\. Her addition of five to the two sacraments of Christ's institution, and her pernicious doctrine of sacramental purification, or opus operatum. 5\. Her monstrous doctrine of transubstantiation, and unscriptural practice of withholding the sacra mental wine from the laity; especially, under this head, her solitary masses in which her priests pre tend to offer up Christ's body continually, in the form of a wafer, as a propitiatory sacrifice for the sins of the living and the dead. 6\. Her compulsory confessions to a priest as indis pensable to absolution and the granting of the sacra ments. ; 7\. Her prayers and sacramental services in a dead language, and generally withholding the sacred Scrip tures in the vernacular tongue from her people ; supr- pressing the truth, and corrupting the word of God by oral and uncertain and human tradition. 8\. Her unwarranted and unnatural prohibition of marriage to the priesthood ; her enjoining of monas tic vows ; her arbitrary abstinences, penances, and their commutation for money. 9\. Her anathemas, bulls, and excommunications, intolerance, and persecutions, deposition of lawfully appointed kings and princes ; or, in its impractica- bility, promoting disaffection in the subjects of vari ous realms to their lawful kings and governors. 10\. As the root of many evils ; her arrogant as sumption of authority for the Pope, or Bishop of Rome, beyond the Roman diocese; her pretended infallibility ; rejection of communion with other Christian churches; intermeddling in the civil and political as well as the religious state of foreign na tions ; her Jesuitical intrigues, domineering spirit, and implacable hatred of civil, religious, social, and mental freedom, and of sincere spiritual piety. In the above incomplete and unexaggerated list, I have had especial reference to the articles expressly sanctioned by the Council of Trent, and I have sedu- lously abstained from specifying any single point which all Protestant (Socinians excepted) do not agree to condemn, from the archbishops and bishops down to the humblest Dissenting layman ; for in this union of sentiment they form not many but one visi ble Church of Christ, separated from the Church of Rome by an impassable gulf. The following four propositions, or rather two with their antitheses, convey the proper thesis for argunentation upon. The relative state of Popish and Protestant doctrine in the present age, in lieu of Mr M'Elhone's visionary topics. 1 The doctrines and practices of the Church of Rome, as a whole, are incompatible with the per sonal exercise of genuine spiritual religion. 2\. The doctrines and practices of every orthodox Protestant communion, as a whole, are perfectly compatible with personal and Christian piety. 3\. The doctrines and customs of the Church of Rome do not harmonize with the actual state and progress of modern civilization. 4\. The doctrines and customs of Protestants do harmonize with the world's civilization and social progress. In every part of the world Rome's adherents appear to be principally composed of the rearward of society and of the weaker sex. Everywhere she is yielding (even in Rome itself at length) to the spirit of nationality, the right of private judgment, and the civil tribunals of the nations. In every Roman Catholic country she is cowed, cast down, and trampled under foot by the spirit of modern infidelity, born and nurtured in her own bosom, and to whom she has no reply. Her priests wan der forth amidst the busy scenes of modern com merce and freedom like the shades of bygone ages, detached and cast off from the life of the 19th cen tury ; and in her own domains in ancient Christen dom a volcano is ready to burst under their feet which will make way for a constitution of society in which they will have no part to play. I am well aware that there is at the same time a specious appearance of the progress of the papacy in the British dominions, and of its revival in Ro man Catholic countries. But I am sure my repre sentation of her actual position is in general cor rect, both in fact and on the rational and specula tive grounds of the intellectual incompatibility of her doctrines and forms, in their unity as she in sists upon their. being received, with the inevitable tendency and progress of the mind of man. And this, gentlemen, if I understand you cor rectly, is the view you take of Romanism. You view it as a social phenomenon, not as a scholastic question. You maintain your right and duty to bring its features to light and exhibit any incon gruities you may observe in them with surrounding phenomena. You are not personal, scurrulous, or vindictive. You have no right, and from what 1 have seen of your papers I must add you have evidently no wish to be so ; but, placed in a social position, such as yours, you have no right to con ceal facts. You public duty is to let the world know what is going on around them. From my heart I wish to see you abide steadfast at your post ; and although my distance from the scene of action, and other reasons conveyed in a private note, will probably prevent my taking further part in the controversy provoked by Mr Frank M'El hone, 1 shall, I trust, have the happiness to see his gauntlet taken up by far abler hands than mine. In any case the Scriptural and spiritual Christian will have no fear for the result. He will call to mind that the whole history of Protestantism, from the days of the humble monk Martin Luther, has abundantly proved that any true-hearted David, with his sling, is more than a match for any Roman " Goliath of six cubits and a span,' I have the honour to be, &c;, E. Baker. [As Mr Baker has done us the honour to put a favourable and just interpretation of our motives upon record, we cannot do less than express our acknowledgements, whilst we stato tlut in publish ing what we believe to be undeniable facts as affecting any religious denomination, we are ac tuated by no motive but the love of truth and a simple wish to exhibit the deformities of error. — Eds. S. A. R.] 