GERALDINE. A TALE OP CONSCIENCE. VoL. IHI. *CHAP. VII. -x. the evening, Geraldine being invited to hear again the Miserere at the Sistine chapel, accom panied her father thither, and they afterwards drove, with the Abate.Zaccaria and Contessa C-, to the hospital Della Trinita de' Fellegrini.; an immense building, devoted to the reception of pilgrims of all nations, who during the last three days of the holy. week, are gratuitously lodged and fed, while cardi nals and nobility of both sexes, in humble piety, give them the primitive welcome, of washing their feet, and waiting on them at supper. Our heroine ,was permitted to stand a few instants at the half. open door of the male pilgrims, and then ascended -with the Contessa to the female apartments, where "she was greatly pleased to seethe.holy simplicity with which some of the loveliest of the high-born, oflered, and the lowly received, these acts ofhumility and hospitality. " I have not yet heard what were the impressions .of the Signorina," said the Abate, as the party were returning to the palazzo, " on seeing our holy father perform the ceremony of washing the feet of twelve, or, as it is, thirteen priests, in honour of Christ washing the feet of his apostles P' *" 1 was almost, but not entirely, edified," replied Geraldine. ".I know his present holiness to be full of humility, as well as zeal; therefore I expected, as I have gladly seen to-night, as much reality in the !pious act as possible, and did not like to see him so much waited upon, by the attendant cardinal, during -the performance ; and :1 felt the same during the -commemorative dinner, when there was too much rising and bowing when his holiness handed to -each the plates, and bread, and wine." " With respect to the holy father being waited upon during his own humble ministry on others, it may, indeed, appear inconsistent," said the Abate, " till you consider the immense fatigue he lias-undergone, and has %till to undergo, during the incessant cere monies of the Holy Week, the more trying, on account of his great private austerities. His prede cessors have frequently, from age and infirmity, been obliged to receive still greater assistance, and sometimes to delegate the ceremony to a cardinal: and I see no objection," continued the Abate, " to the priests rising, through humility, when handed the different articles at table by his holiness, for we may suppose the apostles to have given some token of respect to their divine Master, who is now com memorated." " I think," said the General, " that in former days his holiness performed this act of precept and of commemoration on twelve poor men, previously to attending the priests." " Yes:' said. the Abate, " there used to be two commemorations, but both are now in one." "' Why are there thirteen in number I' said Ge raldine. !' Various are the reasons given," replied the Abate, " for this addition to the number of the apostles: some see St. Paul. others St. Matthias, in the thirteenth ; others the host at whose house Christ celebrated the festival with his disciples; but the most generally received opinion is, that an additional guest is in commemoration of the miraculous ap pearance of an angel amongst the twelve poor men 4whoui St. Gregory the Great daily fed at his resi definc, which is now the church on the Monte Celie. And now, what are the plans of the Signora for to morrow 1"' added the Abate to General Carrington. " My daughter's plans ought to be confined to her pillow," replied the General; " but as I have lost the good habit of ever contradicting her, I suppose we are to be in St. John Lateran, to witness the solemn baptism of some Jewish converts, and the benediction of the fire and incense; are we not, Ge raldine P"' And the paschal candle, my own Padrino," said she. " And all the lessons or prophecies, I suppose," said the General, with a sigh of resignation, -' which used to be read for the instruction of the catecliu. mens, and continue for is members of the'Church, beginnirg with Genesis, and giving the whole history of the provideice of God to men, from the fall of our first parents to the reparation made by Chiist. Signor Abate," continued lie, after a little pause,"' I like to go to church. for worship, not for Instruction." 4B1st do you not like to combine the two P" said the Abate. .! I. prefer," said the. General, " that instruction should be given apart, unless it may be in sermons." . But," said the Contessa smiling, " these twelve lessons will enable the General to make twelve acts of patience, and he will rejoice in such an opportu nity. of merit." "Which," rejoined the Abate, " might in former days have afforded twenty-four such acts, as they used to be read in Greek as well as in Latin, for the catechumens of that nation." "I am still disappointed." said Geraldine, " at the early hour in which the once evening mass of Holy Saturday, is said; for how can one enter into all the joy of a near anticipation of our Lord's resurrection, when we have had no time to watch at his tomb P How beautifully correct and devout are the arrange ments of the Church, as they still are found in the missal and breviary for this vigil." " Yes," said the Abate, " the Church anciently celebrated no mass on this day, not only to express her desolation at the loss of her divine spouse, but I as in death the soul and body of Christ were divided, the former descending into limbo, the latter remain ing in the tomb, during which time had the Apostles consecrated the elements, the soul of Christ would not have been in the sacred Host and chalice; so in , strict commemoration, no consecration took place on Holy Saturday, till midnight." ';The mass of the pre-sanctified on Good Friday is also, I conclude," said Geraldine, " because no consecration should take place during the commemo rative absence of Christ's soul from his sacred body ?" 1 It is so," said the Abate," Good Friday being commemorative of the time when his dead body would alone have been in the Eucharist, united however to his divinity, from which it was never separated. In like manner, when Jesus Christ himself consecrated at his last supper, he was in the Eucharist true God. and true man, but passible and mortal as he then was, instead of being, as he now is in' the Eucharist, living, glorious, resuscitated, immortal, and, in a word, as lhe is in heaven." " Then," said Geraldine," I am satisfied, as indeed I always am after deeper inquiry into the wise. regulations of the Church; but it certainly appeared strange to me, that the very day on which the death *of Jesus Christ is commemorated, the sacrifice should not take place, and the communion be only sacra mental, and therefore received by the priest under one kind. And tell me, Signor Abate," continued Geraldine, " if for the reasons you have mentioned, and which I quite understand, the consecration should not be made during the death of our Lord, -still I do not see why a separate consecration was not made on Maundy Thursday, and the chalice as well Sas the Host borne in procession to a place of safety; -as every thing is so strictly commemorative, why is -not the separation of the elements made to show the separation of the soul from the body of Christ P" "The similitude would not be correct," replied the Abate, "because the soul and divinity of Christ, with his body, are equally in the chalice with his -blood, as they are with his body in the Host; that -is to say, the entire Christ Is in each species; there fore, the separation would not be exemplified." " Then, I conclude," said Geraldine, "ithat the -chalice does, not accompany the Host in procession ,to the receptacle. for fear of any accident and desecration,' just as for that reason it is withheld from the laity P" - " You are correct." said the Abate. -On Holy Saturday morning, General Carrington took his daughter to witness the blessing of the fire, and of the paschal candle, followed by the baptism of some Jewish converts, who, having been fully instructed during the Lent, were now with great solemnity baptized by the cardinal-vicar, on this .appointed day in the church of St. John Lateran. The baptismal font in this, and every Catholic .church, was previously blessed. The first ptrt of the office was the blessing of the element of fire; which rite -is found in the oldest liturgies extant, where also will be found proper blessings, not only for those things used for the altar, but in ordinary life,-a new house, a new bed, candles, food, water, &c.; ; for it is only -by the divine blessing that creatures can be made beneficial to us, and evil spirits restrained from employing them to hurt us. Beseeching then the blessing of God on every thing we use, we acknowledge that from Him alone we receive them, to Him alone we would devote them: and this especially must be felt and acknowledged in all that relates to Divine worship; for in the language of Scripture, creatures groan under the slavery of corruption, and must be purified and consecrated to God, before they be employed in his service. The mystery of Christ's resurrection being the spiritual renovation of the world, Easter has always been esteemed the most suitable season for blessing many things we use. Fire enlightens our altars and churches, and is of great and continual use in our natusal end civil life ; it ought, therefore, to be blessed before the paschsal candle, for whichd it is ce quired: and it is Use custom for all lights and fires to be put out, and lighted up anew from fire struck from a Jlint, and blessed. This new fire represents Christ rising to kindle in our hearts a new spiritual lire of his love; the old profane fire of our earthly passions being first extinguished in us by hsis victory over sin. It likewise serves symbolically to remind us of our obligation of walking in the newness of a spiritual life, being now risen with Christ by his grace. The paschsal candle is an illustrious emblem of COhrist rising from the dead, tse light of the world; and is a sign whirls announces to us the joy and glory of his resurrection. Thse five grains of fran kincense fixed in it. symbolically represent hsis five precious wounds, the embalming of Isis body at his burial; and thse spices brought by the hsoly women to Isis sepulchre. This great candle anciently-gave light during the nighst-watcheing in the Church on Easter eve. Geraldine observed in the sanctutry during the service of Holy Saturday. besides the pasehal candle, a triple light, which she concluded was to signify " the light of thec Triune God, ashining to Use world tlsrough Chsrist," and, on inquiring afterwards, found she was correct. The previous blessing of the fire was as follows : a fire was struck from a flint outside the elsurech, and coals wel'e kindled from it. The officiating priest with his ministers proceeded to the purtico of the church, and thus blessed the fires " Thee Lord be with you." " And with thy spirit." " Let us pray. 0 God, who hast bestowed on thy faithful, the fire of thy brightness, by thy Son, who -is tlse corner stone: sanctitfy this new fire produced from the flint, that it may prove serviceable to us: and grant us so to be inflamed with heavenly desires through this paschal solemnity, that we may be able to arrive with pure minds at the festival of perpetual light, through thee asme Christ our Lord. Amen." 'a Two more cellet olwed, and the five grains of Incense were blessed, The thsurifer then filled Use I thurible with coals from the fire, and the celebrant, having sprinkled the grains of incense and.the fire with holy water, said the " Asperges, me:' &c.; " Thou shalt sprinkle me with hyssop. 0 Lord, and I shall be cleansed : thou shalt wash me, and I shalt be made whiter than snow." On the new fire lie then thrice threw the incense; the deacon lighted one of the triple lights which he held on a reed, and they entered the church ; when kneeling, the deacon chanted. " Lumen Christi," the light of Christ. The same words were sung by him in a louder tone In the middle of the church, and still louder and more joyfully before the 'eltar. Then, having asked the priest's blessing, it was thus given; " May the Lord be In thy heart, and on thy lips, that thou mayest worthily and duly announce his paschal praise: in the name of the Father, and of the Son. t and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Here the five grains of frankincense were fixed on the paschal candle in the form of a cross, with an appropriate prayer : the triple candle blessed, and also the lamps of the church; and after the concluding prayer, the deacon changing his white vestments for purple, those twelve long lessons, from the Old I Testament were read, which the General had wished omitted. At the conclusion of the lessons the baptismal font was blessed, and baptism solemnly given by the cardinal vicar to four Jewish converts. The Litany from which that in the Church of England is prin cipally taken, then followed; -while the, officiating cardinal lay prostrate at the altar, the rest of the ministers kneeling. At the conclusion, the choir sang the " Kyrie Eleison, Christe Elelson, Kyrie Eleison, Loid have mercy on us, Christ have mercy on us, Lord have mercy on us ;" and mass began as usual, with lights on the altar, and directly the " Gloria in excelsis" was entoned, the veil was with drawn from the altar piece, the bells once more gave their joyous peal, and so well had the time been calculated with the mass at the pontiff's chapel, which gives the signal throughout the city, that before the choir had concluded the hymn of joy, the bells of every church in Rome, with the cannon from the Castle of St. Angelo, proclaimed the glad tidings of the resurrection. ('b be continued.) 