To the Editor of the Port Phillip Patriot- Melbourne, 30th June, 1848. S I R,— I beg leave to draw your attention to an infamous letter in the P. P. ' Herald of yesterday, written by some very i evil-minded man delighting in "the souhri- j quct of " No Humbugging," and which no ' doubt is intended to sow the seeds of ! religious discord amongst the people, and i may possibly do so unless the intelligent ! portion of tho Roman Catholics of the place j will take the trouble to satisfy their less- 1 educated brethren that thero is not the most minuto atom of religious feeling of j any kind mixed up with tlie object of tlie : meeting which is called to remove our ghost ; of a Governor. Were itnot that tlie double j faced alinrater of tho conductor of the jour- ; tial in wliich this letter appears was so well ' known, I should he inclined to say that I was surprised at hisallowingsuch on iniqui tous, self-serving, nnd false scrawl a place . in his columns. ! It appears to me that this scribbler, from want of better and more honest means, ' wishes to rouse the passions of the C'ntho- j lies, and prejudice them against as righte ous a_ cause as ever nnv man supported, by I showing that they were . enlisted under the | same banner witn Protestants (Orangemen, some of them may he,) hut it is tho very acme of madness and bigotry, on the part , of either Protestant or Catholic, to allow j any religious feeling to appear at the pre- ' sent time, when aii the energies of the men ; who wish to live a life of freedom, should ! be devoted to the one grand object, that of ridding our adopted country of one who ' seems to have sworn that while he lives and hns anything to do with its Government, ho will keep it in crawling nnd degrading hon- dago. AYhnt fool, I should like to lcnow, j will refuse to join hand nnd heart in the j pood work, merely because his fellow-man; is of a different creed, or from a different : clime to himself? The evil affects all classes ' and creeds, and all. all ought to join as one , family (except thoso who cannot honestly I see any cause of complaint) in a measure fraught wttli so much importance "to. tho ' welfnrc of tho province. I trust tlie Editor , of the " lying journal" will, for his own i sake, and for the sake of encouraging good ! feeling among all classes here, contradict i the statements of this "No Humbugging" j gentleman, as nothing is more remote from : the intentions of those who feel themselves aggrieved by Mr. La Trobe's misgovcrn- mcnt, than., to confine the purposes and objects of the meeting to any parti cular class. There are other letters that hnvo appeared in this very "impartial not. neutral" paper, which arc evidently the production of some favored satellites nnd place-hunters, hut which, for thcir'absurdity, deserve no criticism. To take no notice of the religions opinions of any man, " No' -Ilumbugging's" analysis shows Mr. La .Trobo to bo supported by nearly all the " whores and rogues'' of the citv, only one prostitute and fifty Pcnton- villains having signed tho requisition. I hav the honor to be, Sir. Your obedien servant, DON. 