MISCELLANEOUS. We understand that when it was pro posed in the National Convention to die on Blackfriars bridge, rather than give way, Mr. Julian Haruey, who is a little fellow, leaped enthusiastically on to the shoulders of his friend Cuffey to make himself visible ; and that Cuffey there- upon declared his wish to rush forth to battle, exclaiming — " At least we'll die with Harney's (Harness?) on our back." Dreadful Mortality. — We have heard of Irish patriot promising to die upon the floor of the House of Commons, but we little expected the frightful mortality which has taken place in that patriotic cemetery within the last week. We allude to the deaths of the 3,600,000 persons who were said to have signed the Chartist Petition. They all gave up the ghost on the floor of the House of Commons, and were followed to the grave by Mr. Feargus O'Connor, who was chief mourner ou the occasion. Their remains were properly attended to by Mr. Cripps, who was deeply moved on the melancholy occasion. Though they all died for the benefit of their country, yet not one of the 3,600,000 has left a name behind him. Lord Denman declares that the Chartist Meeting was illegal at Common Law. Does he mean Kennington Com mon Law ? Chartist Petition. — Among the wicked forgeries appended to this docu ment was the signature ' No Cheese." A worse, but a much truer one might have been written — namely, ' No Bread." Rebuke to Father Birmingham. — The attrocious letter of the Rev. Mr. Birmingham, a portion of which appears in our paper, has drawn forth a prompt and dignified rebuke from the respected Roman Catholic Bishop of Killaloe. It is ns follows-. — ' Deerpark, Sixmile- bridge, April 17. 1848. — Rev. Sir. — I am confident that there is not to be found a christian man, of sound intel lect and reflecting mind, who would not deem me justly criminal of a dereliction of duty, were l to overlook the publica tion of two letters bearing your signa tnre. I will not commit the folly of arguing against you. the palpable vio lation of duty, and the utter disregard of the sacerdotal character of which that man is plainly guilty, who, while he professes himself the anointed mini ster of the God of peace, does not hesi tate to counsel war, with all its fright ful and indiscribable horrors. Oh ! how monstrous to behold a person pro fessing himself the minister of a cruci fied Redeemer, of Him who has declared that " his kingdom is not of this world that " all who take the sword shall pe rish by the sword;" instead of exhibit ing himself the zealous and indefati gable apostle of peace and patience, of self-denial and charity, does not blush to assume in the face of the world, the unnatural character of an abetter of an- archy and bloodshed — and, in sustain- ment of it, dares to profane the sacred Scriptures, by quoting them against their Divine Author. I will not argue with such a person. I will only say, that these letters make you appear to be entirely out of your place, and that you should either speedily retrace your step; or at once manfully retire from the sanctuary. I am, Rev. Sir: your afflicted Bishop, P. Kennedy. Paris. — From our own Correspon. dent ) — The French Miuister of Fi nance will receive tenders for supply ing National bauk notes for a thousand millions. As the notes will be of very doubtful value when issued, the terms must be moderate. The Provisional Government announce that they intend to seize on all the Railways, finished or unfinished. They make no distinction between the- shareholders — they are all to be finished. The Clubs are at a loss to select a Speaker to be recommended for the choice of the National Assembly. There will be 900 candidates. Real Equality. — A . theatre, it is said, is about to be established at Paris, in which the prices are to be equal to all parts of the house ; the salaries are to be equal, for all the performers, high or low ; and the temper of the manager is to be equal under every trial to which it may be exposed. The system of perfect equality is also to be applied to a variety of other matters. The equinoctial line has already given in its adhesion to the French Republic, and the engineer's level is the only one that has been known to turo dumpy in France at the present state of affairs. Expected Thorne brought an ac tion of defamation agin' rne, to Slick- ville, for takiri' away his character, about stealing the w-tch to Nova Scotia ; well 1 jist pleaded my own case, and I ups and sals — « Gentlemen of the jury,' says I, ' Expecled's cha racter, everybody knows, is about the wust in all Slickville. If I have taken it awav, I have done him a great sar- vice, for he has a smart chance of git- ting a better one, and if he don't find a swap to his mind, why no character is better nor a bad one.' Welt , the old judge, and the whole court larfed out like any thin' -. and the jury without slirrin from the box, returned a vardict for the defendant." — Sam Slick. When Blucher , on his visit to this country after the war, rode through the streets of London, he was observed, amidst all the shouts of acclamation, to he peering curiously at' the windows of the shops, which then, as now, exhi bited a tempting and valuable display. NVhen asked what he thought of the metropolis, the worthy veteran replied with a deep sigh, whilst a tear rolled down his venerable cheek — " Mein Gott ! NVhal a city for to sack !" Dandy Gents , — They are mere walk ing-sticks for female flirts, ornamented with a brass head, and barely touched with brass etiquette. Their moral gar ment is a double-breasted coat of vanity, padded with pride, and lined with the silk of self-complacency : their outer apparel is still in keeping, and imported fresh from Beelzebub's ready made clothing establishment, tinkered up with broad cloth, finger rings, ssfety chains, soft sawder, vanity, and impudence. They are no more solid silver than a plated spoon is. Retort Courteous. — Judge R., who presi "ed in the County Court of an American State, w» fond of indulging himself occasionally in a joke at the ex- pen the same couit, with wh m he was very intimate, and for whom he had a high regard. On a cettain occasion, when plead" g a cause at the bar, Air. R. observed that he would conclude hit remarks on the following day, un'ets the Court would consent to set late enough for him to finish them that evening. "Sit, sir," sail the judge, "not set; h-ns set " ' I stand correctod, sit," said the rouns-llor, bowing. Not long afwr, while gi- ing an opinion, the judge remarked, that unde> surh and such cir cumstances an action would not lay " Lie, may it please your honour," says the counsellor, " not lay ; hens lay." A gentleman dining at a fashionable hotel, whose servants were " few and far between," despatched a lad among them for a cut of beef. After a long time the lad returned, and placing it before the faint and and hungry gentle man, was asked, " Are you the lad who took away my plate for this beef 7 " " Yes, Sir." " Bless me," resumed the hungry wit, " how you have grown ! " "Fatii>r," said a juvenile apothe cary to his learned " dad," " what's the reason they don't use pestles in battle V " Pestles, my son, what should they do with pestles in battle 1 " " NVby the Wellington despatches say the mortars didgreat execution, and I can't see how without pestles 7 " Pound away my son, and don't puzzle me with your questions." Mortars and pestles do a great deal of damage, without being used on the field of battle. Monsieur Alfri d B., a young lion, of the modern menagerie, had, the night before, been at a soiree, at the house of the Comptesse of A . " J oseph," said he, next morning, to his servant, " what has become of the paletot which 1 brought from the party last night 7 " " The paletot, sir 1 NYhy, I knew it did not belong to you, and I carried it back to the comptesse." " Joseph," said the master, " you have acted like an honest mail ; and for that reason I shall kick you out of my service." Down, Derry, Down. — The Parisian tradesmen are beginning to complain bitterly that the levelling system uow pievailing in France has made every- I thing very flat. Notwithstanding the commercial depression, there is nothing half so flat as the people themselves, who expect prosperity to arise from the way in which they are uoiv going on. ,\'atural History of Enthusiasm, — The tricolor flag hung out of a house in Paris means, " No rent paid here." No wonder, under such circumstances, that an unflagging zeal displays itself among the house proprietors. A Facetious Lawyer, who is the delight of the Master's Office, and the pet of the Country Courts, attended at Bow-stree, to be sworn in as a special constable. He proved himself worthy the occasion. As the loyal staff was put into his hand, he e»claimed, play fully shaking it, " Instructions to dc- feud— 6s. SJ."t hTere was loud laughter, in which the facetious lawyer joined himself, — another proof that he is well skilled in the art of joking. 