ENGLISH WORTHIES OF THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY. No, 2. — JOHN WESLEY. ( From the North British /?sneio.) The following codicil was added to 1 Whitcfield's will : "N.TL — I also leave a mourning ring to my honoured and dear friends, the Rev. John and Charles Westlcy, ;n token of ray indissoluble union with them, .inlieartand Christian affection, nutwith- standing our difference in judgment about i some particular point6 ofdoctrine." I j The "points ofdoctrine" were chiefly j the extent of the atonement mid the per severance of tho saints; the '' indissoluble i union" was occasioned by their all-absorb ing love to the samo Saviour, and untiring efforts to make his inches known. They ; auirrelled a lit tip, but they loved a great deal more. Few characters could be more completely the converse, and in the Churclfa : exigencies, more happily the supplement of ono another, than were those of George Whitqfield and John Wesley ; and had their views boon identical, nnd their labours all along coincident, their largo services to the gospel might mavc repeated Paul and Haruabas. Whitcfield wassoul, and Wesley was system. Whitefield was a summcr- cloud which burst at morning or noon in fragrant exhilaration over an ample tract, and took the rest of the dav to gather again; Wesley was the polished conduit in the midst of the garden, through which the living water glided in pearly brightnessand perennial music, the same vivid stream from djytoday. After a preaching paroxysm, Whitcfield lay panting on his couch , fipcnj breathless and death-like ; after his morning sermon in the Foundry, Wesley would mount his pony, nnd trot and chat and gather simples, till he reached some country hanik't, where he would bait his charger, and talk through r little Berraon with tho villagers, and re-inouot his pony nnd trot away again. in his aerial poise, White- field's eagle eye drank lustre from the men in assembled myriads ; Wesley's falcon glance did -not sweep so f«r» but it searched more keenly, 1 and marked more minutely ' where it pierced. A master of assemblies, j Whitcfield was no match for the isolated 1 man seldom roping with the multitude,' j but Strong iu astute sagacity and personal 1 ascendancy, Wesley could conquer any \ number one by one. All force and impe tus, Whitefield was the powder-blast in the quarry, and by one explosive sermon would shake a district, and detach materi als for other men's long work ; deft, neat, and painstaking, Wesley loved to split and trim oaah fragment into uniform plinths and polished stones. Or, taken otherwise, Whitcfield wa9 the bargeman or the wag goner who brought the timber of the house, and Wesley was the architect who set it up. Whitcfield had no patience for ecclesiastical polity, no aptitude for pastoral details ; with a beaver-dike propensity for building, Wes- \9KuV ivmsTruntimr societies, and home when presiding over R class or n con ference. It was their infelicity that they did not always work togethor ; it was the hap piness oF the age and the furtherance of t he Gospel that lliey lived alongside uf one another. Ten years older than Lis pupil, Wesley was a year or two later of attaining the joy and freedom of Cospel- forgivencss It wo? whilst listening to Luthcr'n Pre- faco to the Epistle to the GalatianP, where he describes Hie change which God works in the heart through frith in Christ, that he felt his own heart strangely warmea : mm uuum- cwnw «i«- trusted "in Christ alone for salvation, " nn assurance was given him that Christ had taken away his sins, and saved him from the law of sin and death." And though in his Buhscquent piety a subtle analyst may detect a trace of that mysticism which was his first religion ; even as to his second religion, Moravianiam, lie was indebted for some tleUils of his eventual churcli-ordcr,— no candid reader will deny ihnl " righteousness, i peace, and jnv iu the Holy Ghost, had nruv become the Religion of the Metho dist ; and for the half century of his ubiquitous career, his pirty retained this truly cvnn relic type. A rool observer, who Imrt him towards the close, records, "so fine an old man I never saw. The happi- nftHs of his roind beamed forth in his coun tenance. Every look showed how fully hp enjoyed 'the gav remembrance of a life well spent ;' and wherever he went, he diffused n portion of his own felicity. Ea-?v and affable in his demeanour, lie accommodated himself to every sort of company, and .i,..i,i»iiiRiii Lo»inil7 tlm most finished court- esy may Unblended with the most, perfect pioty. In his conversation, >ve might be nt n loss whether to admire most, his fine . classical taste, his extensive knowledge of | men and things, or his overflowing good- J nrss of heart. While the grave and sen- I oua were charmed with his wisdom, Ins j sportive sallios of innocent mirth delighted ; oven the young and thoughtless ; and both | saw, in his uninterrupted cheerfu'ness, the excellency of true Religion/' To a degree j scarcely paralleled, his piety had supplan ted those strong instincts— the love of worldly distinction — the love of money and the love of case. The answer which be gave to his brother, when refusing to vindicate himself from a newspaper calumny, liruthor, when I devoted to God my ease, my'tiino, my life, did I except my reputa tion f was no casual sally, but tho system- of his conduct. From tho moment that the Fallow of Lincoln went out into the high-ways ana iiLugee, «'iu luuiimihwuu itinerant proacher, ho bade farewell to earthly fame. And perhaps no Englishman, since the days of Bernard Gilpin, has given bo much away. When his income was thirty pounds n-yena, he lived on twenty- ei»ht, aid brvb a two for charity. Next year he had sixty pounds, and still living on twenty -eight, he had thirty-two to spend. A fourth year raised his income to a liun- dred end twenty-pounds, and etcadfast to his plan the poor got ninety-two. In tho year 1776. tho Accountant-Generul sent him acopy of tho Excise Order for a return of PLta ; " Rev. Sir, — As the Com missioners eannol doubt but you hare plate, ; for which yoil have hitherlo neglected lo ; juake an . entry," Ac. ; to which ho wrote tiua4tt0re#r»ble Answer ; — " Sir, — I have two # — BBBB— — 8— —— — silver tea-spoons at London, and two at Bristol, This is all the plate which I have at present ; and I will not buy any more while so many around me want bread. I am, Sir, your .most humble servant, John Wesley." And though it is calculated that he must have givpn tnore than twenty thousand pounds away, all his property, when ho died, consisted of his clothes, his books, and a carriage. Perhaps,, like a ball bur nished by motion, his perpetual activity helped to keep him thus brightly clear from worldly pelf;and when we remember its great pervading motive, there is something sublime in this good man's industry. Risiog every morning at four, travelling every yerfr upwards of 4000 miles, and preaching nearly a thousand aerraongj exhorting 'societies, editing books, .writing all sorts of letters, and giving audience to all sorts of people, the ostensible president of Methodism and paslor of all the Methodists, audaraidsthia censeless toils betraying no more bustle than a planet in its course, he was & noble speci men or that fervent diligence wnich, launched on its orbit by & holy and joyful impulse, hns ever afterwards the peace of God to light it on its way. Nor should wo forgot his praiseworthy efforts to diffusa a Christianized philosophy, and propagate useful knowledge among religious people. In the progress of research, most;ofhis corn- motive was enlightened, and tho effort to exemplify his own idea tva characteristic of the well-informed and energetic man. In Christian authorship he is not entitled to rank high. Clear as occasional exposi tions nre, there is seldom compre hension ill his views, or grandeur in bis thoughts, or inspiration in his practical appeals ; and though his direct and simple style is sometimes tcr69 it is often -meagre, and very seldom racy. His voluminous Journals nro little better tban a turn pike log — miles, towns, and sermon- texts — whilst their authoritative tone and aelf-contering details give tho re cord an nir of arrogance and egotism which, we doubt not, would disappear could we view the venerable writer face to face. Assuredly his power was in Ins presence. Such fascination resided in his saintly mien, tbrre was such intuition in the twinkle of his mild but brilliant eye, and such a dis solving influence in his lively, benevolent, and instructive talk, that enemies often left him admirers and devotees And should any regard tho Wosleyan system as tho mere embodiment of Mr. Wesley's /uind, it is a singular triumph of worth and firmness. Never 1ms a theologum! idiosyncracy per petuated itself in a Church so large and 6table. But though every pin and cord of thJdelhodist tabernacle bears Jrnr.c of the floors, concinnatc and Active, which reared it, IJfc founder's most remarkable memorial is jli\s living monument. Wesley has not passed awav ; for, if ernbalrrcdia the Con nexion, he is re-embodied in the members. Never did a leader so stamp his impress on his followers. The Covenanters wcr® not suchfac-6iiniles ofyKnox ; imr were. the im perial guards such enthusiastic copies of 'hoir little corporal,' as are the -modern their venoratnrf «»... ..,ncm!„nt;on nf and activo ; dissident but not aisseniora ; connexions! but Catholic ; carrying warmth within, and yet loving southerly exposures ; obliging without effort, and liberal on bjs- tem ; serene, contented, and hopeful — If wo except the master-spirits, whose type is usually their own — the most of pious Methodists arc cast from Wesley's neat and cheerful mould. That goodness must have been attractive bs well as very imitable, which lias survived in a million of living effigies , 