DR. FOLDING'S SPEECH AT SAINT . - PATRICK'S. I To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. ' GENTLEMEN,-It was not my intention to have interfered in any way in the con'trovery which has commenced in consequence of the perver- sion of the two ci-devant presbyters of the Church of England, who figured last week as Romish laymen at the examination of the, pupils of "St. .Mary's Seminary," at the heels of a com- pany of Irish, French, and Italian priests. Admitting to the full, that the said perverts have exercised " the liberty of conscience," of which the so-called Archbishop of Sydney made so much ado on Sunday evening, at the meeting of St. Patrick's Society, I am not about to denounce them for it : nor do I blaine them for so doing, for there is no law, civil or ecclesiastical, that I am awaro of, which can have the effect of preventing any person who is so disposed from loving " darkness rather than light, or abjuring " the truth" by which they had once been "free," for the chains and slavery and degradation of those carnal ordinances and unscriptural tenets which the apostate Church of Rome would gladly make the simple believe are privileges, and rewards, and signs, and tokens, of the favour of God. There is no law, I be- lieve, to prevent an Englishman renouncing his birthright, denying his vows, falsifying his often-repeated and solemnly pledged confes- sion of faith, or virtually transferring his obe- dience from his lawful Sovereign to a foreign Potentate ; or, from exhibiting to the world, his own want of judgment [judgement], consistency, and modesty, in virtually denying all he hud so- lemnly sworn was true. Nay, more, after having for years exorcised the office of priest in a branch of Christ's Church, up to a certain Sunday evening, in avowing on the following morning that he believed that branch of Christ's Church to be no branch at all, his function so solemnly undertaken to be a fiction, (although pledged at the table of the Lord,) his autho- rity, or commission, to exercise that function a mere " curiosity," and the call of the Holy Ghost a mere imagination. As it was the right of private judgment by which all this was as- sumed ; so, by the same right, all this is denied. There is no law to prevent this -and, no one, I presume, pretends there is, or blames Mr. Thomas Makinson, or Mr. Robert Knox Sconce, for exercising this right. Dr. Polding, to suit his own purposes, has been pleased to assert that the Lord Bishop of Sydney does so blame them, and calling the exercise of this right "a crime." To use the most reverend Doctor's words: "He might, if he choose, become a Deist or an Atheist without any notice being taken, but the moment he turned his feet towards the true Church, a cry was raised against him as if he had committed a crime - it was, in fact, called a crime." Now, Dr. Polding must know that all the members of the Church to which Mr. Sconce and Mr. Makinson belonged, save such as are tinctured by Papistical error, hold that his Church is neither "The true Church" nor "A true Church," and to enter such a community must be "a crime" in any Protestant, if that act be committed, as in the late instances, not in such a way as to remove all suspicion of double- mindedness ; but, on the contrary, under circumstances that remove at once from the perverts any plea such as a man of honour or candour or integrity, would rely on. Dr. Polding must know that his allusion to Deism and Atheism is perfectly illogical, for though any ordinary layman who might embrace Deism and Atheism would justly be held up to scorn and contempt, there is no parallel whatever between such a layman and an ordained clergyman in any branch of Christ's Church renouncing his deliberate engagements, and falsifying his oaths and vows in order to join that which the members of that branch, and himself at one time also, have held to be apostate. Crime or no crime, Dr. Polding cannot be unaware, that he has no right to pass an ecclesiastical opinion upon that which the Bishop of Sydney in his view of the case (totally dif- ferent from that of any Romish Bishop) con- siders such according to the rules of obedience ratified on oath by the seceders, unless Dr. Polding admits as premises what he is sure to deny, The word " crime," moreover, strictly interpreted, cannot be applied as Dr. Polding would apply it. The Most Rev. Gentleman evidently confounds "vice" with " crime," which latter, we are told, by a learned author, is not like vice, "a personal offence," but "a social offence;" and "every actionwhich does injury to others, either individually or collectively, is a crime." St. Paul, speaking of those who broke their promises or vow, (1 Tim. v. 12) uses the expression " ixovaai icpiua- commit a crime - i. e., run the risk of condemnation." The Bishop of Sydney never could have used the word " crime" in any other sense - to assert he used the word forensically, and not ecclesias- tically, in the sense of kpiua, is ridiculous. It . had express allusion to the ordination vow of a priest in the Church of England. Would Dr. Polding or not think a nun or a priest of the Church of Rome guilty of "a crime," who should renounce that Church for the Church of England ? There can be no doubt, he would, in strict accordance with the dogmas of the former. Nay, on what principle are the so-called " heretics " burnt by the Inquisition, but because, being baptized [no matter by whom] they are on that ground guilty of a crime in belonging to a community of Protestants, because their baptism put them into subjection to the Roman Pontiff. Dr. Polding must well understand the meaning attached to the word " crime," by the Bishop of Sydney. As to the charge of " insulting the 15,000 Catholics who live in this city, by maligning and misrepresenting the doctrines of their Church, or attributing to them doctrines which they do not believe," I have seen myself nothing like this, in any of the addresses or replies which have arisen out of the secessions of Messrs. Sconce and Makinson. My own impression is, that so far from insulting them, there is in some of these documents a vast deal too much leaning towards the very doctrines said to be misrepresented. But if it were neces- sary to meet any such assertions, it would be very easy to remind Dr. Polding that he may have misrepresented the doctrines of his own Church, not in words, but in actions. For he has sanctioned the baptism of Messrs. Sconce and Makinson, and, as I am informed, contrary to tho decrees of his Church. They declare that an adult baptized amongst heretics who enters the Church of Rome ought not to be re- baptized. Now, if there be no misrepresen- tation as to what is understood to have oc- curred, Mr. Makinson received baptism at the hands of Mr. Sconce, who, according to Dr. Polding was then " a heretic," having long before received baptism at the hands of a layman, in full agreement with the Augustinian canon. And it may be hoped the worthy gentleman having thus received three baptisms will not fail to attain to all the benefits to be derived from such a repetition. Admitting that Mr. Sconce, as well as Mr. Makinson, was bap- tised originally by a heretic, yet it is written : " Laicus et mulier, imo etiem paganus et haereticus, baptizare potest, dummodo for- man servet ecclesiiae, et facere intendat quod facit ecclesiae." There are two or three expressions in Dr. Polding's speech, which savour of any thing but that meekness which he would apparently inculcate. " ¿lad not they" (i. e., the lo,0OO Romanists in the city) "the same right to this cauntty as those who maligned them ?" " What right havo these persons to defile the air by sending forth sounds insulting to them, and, as they believed, insulting to God." " He looked upon such conduct as being disgraceful to society, and the persons who had been guilty of it had, no doubt, counted upon the for- bearance which their holy religion taught them to exercise." ' , Strange language this for the gentlemen who ridicule the Queen of England as making appointment to bishoprics in th England-" a woman' so to appoint ! (Sec a late leader in the Chronicle). Stranger still, from tho agent of a Church, whose foibenrance has been stamped in blood and flame. Unless, indeed, we are to uuderstand by tho allusion, that the Church of Rome is merely " biding her time" to let loose her terrors upon the Aus- tralian commonwealth. Pi. Polding links these observations to some remarks upon the subject of emigration-and with true Jesuitical contrivance puts into the mouths of intending Romish and Protestant emigrants the following expressions. " What! Iga to Australia, where I see how my re'igion is maligned by the head of the Proteitanl Church, lam sie/; of party spirit. I did not expect to find ii in Australia. I will not go lhere. Thus will the colony.be injured," ho adds. "Pardon,most Reverend Sir, one little re- mark shall be my reply-will not intending emigrants of the Romish persuasion bo in- clined rather to say-" What a glorious coun- try is Australia ! There, despite the principles of the British constitution-despito the supre- macy of the Queen, tho Papal power is recognised-the priests of Rome are paid by the. stato-and the Bishop of Sydney, bearing her' Mujcsty's commission, is attacked, bo cause he denounces the conduct of two of his clergy for seceding into what ho conscien- tiously believes to beedamnablc heresy-which they have sworn to be such also. In a fer- veur1), our 15,000 will swell into 150,000, and New South Wales will become an antipodean Ireland- that's just the cauntty for me!" Whilst the p>or Protestant emigrunt will shake his head and say, " Alas ! alas ! I would liko to enjoy the beautiful climate and the plentiful abundance of Australia-but I doicnot-my descendants will be in danger of the Inquisition -unless, yieldins.to the corruption ofthetimes, they sacrifice their principles, abjure their faith, and follow in the train of the Sconces and Mukiusons, worshipping the Roman pal- lium, hungering after Romish loaves and Popish fishes. I WILL NOT oo TO TU AT COUNTRY." If Dr. Polding were a wise man, he would hold hi» tongue. If his Church be what he pretends, "THE TUUE Cntntcii," it docs not require Jesuitical snbtilties to enforce her claims. If it be not, she will yet fall in spite of such 8ubtilties, even, indeed, if instead of two sho should boast of forty-two deserter* from the Church of England. Dr. Polding calls himself an Archbishop of Sydney, and sends a Bishop of Melbourne to Port Phillip ; and has tho assurance to think his Bishop will take piecedence of the Lord Bishop of Mel- bourne, Dr. Perry. Yet he talks of "forbearance," and of being ".maligned"-whilst offending thus wilfully i against the sphit of the Act 10 Geo. IV. c. 7, § 24, which prohibits Romish Bishops under a penalty, from usurping titles belonging to the Bishops of the Church of England. . The less that is said about his diminished respect for those whom he alleges to have " maligned" him the botter. ' lum, Gentlemen, Sec. PRO REGE, LEGE, GREGE. March 8, 1848. 