ATTEMPTED COUNTER - REVOLUTION IN FRANCE. The French elections having terminated, as was expected, in the complete success of the moderate party, the sitting of the National Assembly was opened on the 4th May, an event conspicuous in the vast expanse of the 19th century, and fraught with the most momentous consequences to Europe, to the world, and to the cause of civilisation. The Archbishop of Paris celebrated Mass of the Holy Ghost, to invoke the blessing of Heayeu on the labours of the National Assembly. About 35,000 men under arms were on duty in the vicinity of the Palace, appointed for the recep tion of the members. The Deputies began to enter the hall about noon. Very few wore the official costume, and not one the tri-coloured scarf, pre scribed by the Provisional Government. The cele brated Father Lacordaire, with his shaven crown and white robes, formed a conspicuous object in the Assembly. A considerable number of members of the former Chambers have been returned. Amongst the new members is Murat, son of the former King of Naples. At one o'clock, M. Au dry d«j Cuiraveau, the senior member by age, took the chair, and shortly after the members of .the Provisional Government entered, aud were received with great enthusiasm, M. Dupont ile l'Eure then addressed the members, and resigned the functions of the Government into the hands of the Assembly. I No oath or other form was adopted in the inaug uration of the new representative body, beyond the verification of the, election of those present, which occupied a considerable portion of the sitting. The Assembly then proceeded to deliberate on the form of Government to be adopted for France. M. Berger, one of the Deputies for the Seine, ascended the tribune, and proposed ' the solemn proclama tion of the Republic.' While the members of the Assembly were deliberating upon the manner in which the proposition should be carried out, Gen eral Courtais entered the Assembly, and announced that the populace required the members to present themselves outside the building, and there to pro claim the Republic. The utmost enthusiasm was then evinced, and the Provisional Government leading the way, the whole of the Assembly pro ceeded outside to the steps in front of the building, opposite to the Pont de la Concorde. All the offi cers of the National Guard, which during the latter part of the sitting had occupied the wide space at each side of the estrade, as far as the corners of the tribune, took up their station close to them. An immense number of National Guards was ad mitted inside the railing, below the steps, whilst the colours of the different legions were conducted up v\ith great ceremony to the space between the pillars, and then disposed at equal distances on each side of the Provisional Government. The whole of the open area between the Chamber and the bridge, and far down along the quays, on, each side, was densely covered with closely-packed crowds of people, interspersed with large bodies of the Garde Mobile and other national guards. Cries of ' Vive la Republique !' arose both from the crowd and the troops standing on the steps ; other cries of ' We want the troops of the line !' ' We want the colours of the line !' burst out from vari ous parts of the crowd. This cry was at last re peated so perseveringly, that General Courtais was obliged to descend the steps and go outside the railing to bring in several colours of the line, each under a numerous escort. 'Ihe scene then be came of a more enthusiastic character. Swords were waved on high ; military caps were displayed on the points of bayoneis; the bands plajed national airs ; the cannon thundered from the In valides : and the air was rent wish cries of *' Vive la Kepublique !' In fact, the Republic was thus publicly proclaimed ! It is supposed thnt not less than 200,000 persons were present on the occasion, both close to the Chamber, on the bridge, and on the Place de la Revolution. After some time had been spent to allowing the people to give utterance to their feelings of joy at this proclamation of the Republic, the representatives returned to the Hall of Assembly. The greatest agitation continued to prevail for some time, and after one or t»o other returns were validated, the Assembly adjourned. On the following day the verification of the re turns of 727 members was effected, and a Presi dent of the Assembly was elected. A contest took place upon this appointment — M. Buchez being nominated by the moderate party, and M. Trelat by the followers of Ledru Rollin and Co. M. Buchez obtained 390 votes, and M. Trelat only 234. But the first direct results of the triumph of the too moderate party, as was foreseen, soon began to exhibit themselves. The ultra-Republicans, en raged at their defeat, soon raised the cry of ' The Republic in danger;' and used eveiy means in their power — by their clubs, their journals, and placards — to influence the minds of the populace and bring about a collision, by setting the woiking classes against the National Guard and the bour geoisie, whom they call reactionaires. The journals before us furnish many proofs of the dissatisfaction caused to the Republicans throughout France by the nature of the elections. In very many places conflicts ending more or less fatally, have occurred between the Republicans and the opponents of the Republic, and with the autho rities who sought to preserve or restore order. At Limoges, for example, most violent proceedings have taken place. At Nismes, the insurrection was at one moment formidable. Throughout the Rue de Dome various disorders had taken place. At Rochfort, the ballot-boxes were burnt by the peo ple under the belief that frauds, contrary to the interests of the Republicans, had been committed by the returning officer; but these incidents, re gretable though they be, are not the worst we have to notice. Rouen was the theatre of a succession of con flicts infinitely more severe than those which in Paris terminated in the overthrow of the Govern ment of Louis Phillippe. On the 27th, 28th, and 29th April, barricades were erected, attacked/and defended with a skill, a courage, and an obstinacy that would in other circumstances have called for admiration. Cannon, loaded with ' round and grape' alternately — the musket — the bayonet— the sabre— gave to the troops and the National Guards the victory on each of those days ; the battle ter minating at noon on Saturday. It has been impossible to ascertain the number of killed arid wounded, as each party removed their men as they fell. More than 300 of the in surgents have been made prisoners. It was found necessary to carry every bariieade with the bayo net, under the protection of vollies of grape-shot. The town has been placed under martial law. The chief command has been given to General Godon ner. Sentinels are placed at each house, and a strong guard is stationed at the corner of every street, supported by cavalry and artillery with lighted matches. It is estimated that there are 30,000 operatives in the town of Rouen, and double the number in the valleys adjoining, but the latter-refused to rise, saying they had no arms. An attempt was made at Marseilles by the anar. I chists to overthrow the constituted authorities, and ' to establish a system of terror; but the firmness of the Government Commissary, and the zeal mani fested by the National Guard and troops' of the line, defeated this criminal project. , At St. Etienne forty or fifty National Guards | were appointed to guard the Convent of La Reine. After a hearty repnst, at which they got very drunk, the beasts proceeded to take the' most obscene libertieswith the poor sisters, three of whom were violated, arid two others shamefully treated. At length one of the National Guards, less drunk than his comrades, and feeling indignant at their con duct, went and informed the authorities' of what was going on. A force was sent to relieve the nuns and secure the culprits, some of whom, how ever, succeeded in making their escape. The effect of all this excitement was to* be seen in the streets of Paris. In the neighbourhood of the Palais Royal, Louvre, and other public places, great crowds gathered every evening, and were to be seen warmly discussing their future proceedings. On the 15th May the people forcibly entered the National Assembly. M. Hubert rose arid pro claimed, in the name of the people, the dissolution of the Assembly. Paris was in great confusion, and many arrests took place, the most prominent names being those {of - Blanqui, Barbes, Courtrais, Soubrier, and Raspail, chiefs of the Communist party. In attempting to give something like a detailed account of the astounding commotion and the im mediate issue, we proceed to state, that it was at the hour of noon the first body of men intended to proceed to the Chamber of Representatives, passed the Boulevard des Italiens. They were not armed, but they seemed prepared for a march, for every fourth man had a wallet with provisions. In another half hour the bodies constituting what is called ' the great column,' commenced the pas sage of the bridge called Pont de la Concorde. This passage, and the entrance to the Assembly, were unopposed, for reasons well explained by the Times' correspondent in the following words : — This proceeding took place without violence, for the captain of ibe guard (of about 60 men), seeiner himself (as he afterwards told me with supreme naivete), in the presence of 150,000 men, and not wishing to he thrown itto the Seiue, sheathed his sword, and' ordered his men to unscrew and eheath their bayonets.' The people on forcing their way into the Assembly, took possession of n\l the seats tliey could find. They called for War. The Assembly refused compliance, saying, they would take the matter into consideration. The unwelcome entrance is thus described : — Mr Clement Thomas had risen to speak, when the public galleries were forcibly entered by men, cairy ing banners, and crying, ' Vive la Pologne!' Several persons also penetrated into the hall by the side doors, amongst whom was a captain of artillery of the Na tional Guard, who were turned out by the members and officers of the house. The greatest confusion en sued, and the President was obliged to put on his hat. Messrs. Barbes, Clement Thomas, and others occupied the tribune. The former attempted to speak, but was prevented by M. Larabit. All the members of the Executive Government left the hall at this mo ment. The explosion of a shot outside having been followed by a moment's silence, Barbes again attempted to address the Assembly, but was surrounded by a number of members, who resorted in turn to threats and persuasion to dissuade him from speaking. M. Buchez here vacated the chair which was filled by M. Corbcn. M.Clement Thomas vainly endeavoured to address the meeting. At this moment the crowd rushed in by all the doors and became complete mas ters of the hall. Several members having protested, were illtrealed by the people. M. Ledru Rollin as cended the tribune, but being unable to obtain a hear insr, he left it to Messrs. Barbes and Blanqui. onortiy atterwards M. iJucnez re-entered tne nan, accompanied by the Prefect of Police and the members of the Executive Commission. M. Barbes requested the people to be silent in order that the Assembly might hear the petition, which a man of the people standing near him held in his bawd. No attention, however, was paid to his suggestion, and the petition was read amidst the utmost tumult. General Cour tais, Messrs. Raspail, Blanqui, Barbes, and men diess ed in blouses and in their shirts, occupied the tribune, all vociferating together. M. Louis Blanc then ap peared by the side of the President, and was hailed with loud cheers by the mob. Silence being restored, M. Louis Blanc requested the people to be silent in order that the petition be read and freely discussed by National Assembly. The right of petition should be sacred, and the people should prove itself calm in its force and moderation. The petition was again read by a delegate of the clubs, who concluded by demand ing that the Assembly should decree instanter that a friendly request should be addressed to the Northern Powers to re-establish old Poland, and that a French army be held ready to cross the Rhine and march to Poland, should the ultimatum be rejected. No description can give an idea of the scene of confusion and tumult that ensued. The cries in the public galleries, responding to those arising from the hall, were truly terrific. The former were so crowded that i: is wonderful they did not give way. The re presentatives of the people all remained seated, and ?if any ventured to say a word he was menaced, and several even were struck by some ruffians standing near them. The President Buchez, and M. Corbon, the Vice-President, continued at their post, and were evidently afraid to adjourn lest the people should take possession of the hall, and, as on a recent occa sion, declare the Government to have ceased to exist, and proclaim another. M. Barbes, after many fruitless attempts to address the Assembly, at last obtained silence, and proclaimed, amidst frantic applause, that an extraordinary contri bution of 1,000 millions of francs should be levied on the rich for the benefit of the labouring classes. The people then insisted on M. Louis Blanc being named Minister of Labour, and having placed him on a table, carried him in triumph through the hall. Here a number of persons ran in and informed the chiefs that the drums of the National Guards were beating to arms. This announcement created the greatest uproar, and M. Barbes having again ascended the tribune, called on the Assembly to decree that the people of Paris had deserved well of the country, and that whoever should order the rappel to be beaten be declared a traitor. The people appeared to be some what pacified by the proposition, but obstinately re fused to leave the hall until the two decrees were voted. The Assembly, however, showing no inclination to satisfy their demand, and the President remaining seated, a scene of the greatest confusion arose, and M. Hubert at last mounting on the edge of the tri bune, proclaimed in the name of the people the disso lution of the National Assembly. The President then put on his hat, and the repre sentatives retired, leaving the multitude sole posses sors of the hall. It was then 4 o'clock. The rappel was beaten however, most effectually, for in an incredibly short space of time after, the National Guards of the environs entered Paris in , immense columns. The Journal des Debats pub lishes the following details of what occurred in PariB after the National Guard had been called to arms :— The National Guard rose like one man. A tingle idea sprang from each heart with an unanimous ory of *' Vive FAisemblee Rationale !' The quays resounded with [hat immense proteatition. During this lime a battalion nf the 10th Legion and a battalion of the Gardo Mobile entered the ball of the Assembly, and very quickly ex-' pelled those who had taken possession of it. The Na ional Assembly resumed its sitting. M. Lamartine de clared that the place of the Executive Commission was in the midst uf danger in the street, and he quitted the Assembly in company with M. Ledru Rollin to proceed to the Hotel de Ville. It is aunounced that MM. Cour tai«, Barbe*, Blanqui, Sobrier, Huber, and Raspail are arrested. It appears that one of them had already pro ceeded to the Ministry of the Interior, had taken posses sion of the seals of office, and had despatched orders, when the National Guard resumed possession of the Hotel. General Foucher, commanding the first military division, received the command of all the troops. General Baraguay d'Hilliers was appointed to command the troops charged with the defence of the National Assem bly. M. Etienne Arago announced that the service of tho Post-office was perfectly free. M. Duclerc, Minister ef Finance, informed the Assembly that an announce ment of the restoration of order had been despatched to the departments by telegraph. Cries were beard outside, but on this occasion they were raised by the National Guard. On the proposition of M. Portalis, the Attorney GeneTal, the Assembly authorised the*arrest of two of its members, General Courtaii and M. Barbes. Great applause greeted the appearance of MM. Arago aad Gamier Page?, who came from the Luxembourg, where they had been sitting all day. It was thence they gave orders to convoke the National Guard. M. Gamier Pages stated that all the measures necessary for the pro tection of the Afcserabl' had been adopted in the morn ing, but that all the orders given by the Government had not been obeyed. He added that the Government had determined to maintain order ; that the right of associa tion should be respected; but that the clubs, whoBe solo object was to attack and overthrow the National Assem bly, should be closed. When M. Gamier Page* stated that France desired an honourable republic (unt repub* ligue honnetej his voice was drowned with acclamations. The entire Assembly rose and exelairaed enthusiastically, ? Vive U liepubligue.' M. Clement Thomas entered into the hall and was received with universal applause. The Government had appointed him Commanderin Chicf of the National Guard. M. Lamartine entered and was almost carried to the tribune. 'The sedition/' said he, '? has been crushed in tho bud. The men who escaped from this ball to proceed to the Hotel de Ville have been disarmed and seized. The entire population has rise] to restore the sovereignty to the Assembly of which it bad been for a moment deprived. The people are pledged to the National Assembly through life or death.' The acclamation with which these words were received were interrupted by a fresh tumult outside. M, Louis Blanc entered the hall, pale, his features distorted, and hi* clothes torn* He ascended the tribune and de scended without being able to speak, it was said that he had just returned from the Hotel de Ville. He again ascended the tribune and said, ' I affirm, upon my honour. '—These words were received with exclamations of incredulity. M.Louis Blanc then swore by all that was most sacred that he was perfectly unconnected with all that had passed; that he never had been an advocate for violence, and he protested his respect for the Assem bly. The confusion was extreme in ail the benches. M. Marrast, in his turn, briefly recounted what had occurred M the Hotel de Ville. The guard was found insufficient to rope! the columns of men who pressed on that point. The iron rails were forced, and four or five provisional governments were proclaimed in succession. But the National Guard recovered possession of the Hotel, which was surrounded, and amongst the individuals arrested were found two members of the Assembly, M. Barbes and M. Albert, who were there perhaps by accident. The Attorney-General then a-ked permission to arrest M. Albert, and the Assembly granted it unanimously. After a lew words from M. Marie, the Assembly voted thanks to the National Guard of Paris and the Garde Mobile wan acclamation. I lie siting was concluded at 9 o'clock in the evening. An immense body «-f t*ie National Guard remained outside under arms. The city was perfectly tranquil. There was but ono cry amongst the population —the cry of ' Vive CAteemblee Nationale,'1 which will find an eeho throughout France. Extraordinary precautions having been taken for the protection of the Assembly, the Hall was opened again on the 16'tli. It still bore marks of the damage committed by the rabble on the previous day. The panels of several doors had not yet been repaired, aud the decorations soiled by the filthy visitors, still exhibited traces of their passage. At 11 o'clock one of the Secretaries read the proces verbal, describing the scenes of violence of the pre ceding day, which were listened to in solemn silence. The attendance of members upon this occasion was large, and of those who spoke there were many, but very little beyond denunciations and attempts at ex planation, can be observed. M. Cansidiere, the Prefect of Paris, closed his 'explanations' by decla ring that he had not squandered the budget of his department, and could render an account of even a five- frank piece.. . A list of members of a new Government had been sufficiently authenticated to convince everybody that all but a thorough change had been concerted by the last insurgents. At this distance from the scene of turmoil, it is useless to detail that which would be all but unintel ligible, we therefore close by briefly adverting to the state of Paris on the 20th May ; which is described as in a state of great incertitude, in a letter from that capital, employing the following terms :— . 'In the agitation of the public mind, It is precisely the vague suspicion, the undefined fear, of treachery, the uncertain mistrust, that form the principal element!. ? ?? Everywhere are indecision, mystery, reticence. The only man that the majority clang to as their anchor of hope, seems inclined to break cable, and leave them tos sing on a stormy sea. Lamartine, in the last few days has ceased to be to them the man of trust and confidonce in whom they can rely. They felt aggrieved and insulted by the reproach of ? reaction,' continually insiBuated, if not actually thrown in their teeth, by the agents of the Government, and suspicion is repaid by suspicion.'' The Times of May 23d contains a letter from the Presse, written by M. Eraile de Girardin, in which he states that anarchy was never nearer, nor danger ever more imminent. He adds, that a month pre viously, there was a total want of confidence, but that a further progress had been made, and that mistrust was felt everywhere. We quote the following pas sage from his letter : — It is felt in the National Assembly, which mistrusts (be Executive Government. It is experienced in the Execu tive Government, which mistrusts the National Assembly. It is universal amongst the National Guards, who assist, with reversed arms, at this equal and reciprocal rn is trust. It is amongst the population, which perceives neither an eye that watches, a hand to direct, nor a voice which commands, nor an idea which enlightens. In conclusion, M. de Girardin observes, that the National Guard nuy repress disturbances in the street, but, he asks, who is to arrant nnarc.hv in tlta flnvprnmp.nl? The same paper contains the following instance, among many, of the depreciation of property in France since the revolution of February ;— The estate of the late Marquis d'Aligre was not dis posed of when the revolution of Febroary broke oat. it consisted principally of lands andhoases. and wasertimi* ted at 53,000,000f., out of which I5,000,000f. of legacies were to be paid. It has been found impossible to pay those legacies, inasmuch as tho estates would not produce more than one half the estimated value, and consequently tha heir* wou'd receive scarcely anything after paying the expenses of the sale. The heirs of the late Couot Roy are placed in a similar predicament. Printed and published by the proprietor, John Stephens, *very Wednesday and Saturday morning, at the s-*1* Australian Register and General Printing Office, Hindley street, Adelaide, South Australia, where Ordew and Adver. tisemenu, *nd all communicationt to the Editen will Of eeeived. . ' 