GERALDINE. A, TALI OP 00NSBC5s Ca. VoL. Ill. CHAP. V. Duamra the two following days, General Carrington and his -daughter attended their accustomed early mass, and were each occupied with the devotions appropriate to this holy and mournful week in private; but on the evenings of Wednesday their -friend, the Abate was again with them by apFoint -aent, and they together went to the Sistine chapel, 'to attend the office of " Tenebrs;'" which, as its 'name obviously implies, was intended to be cele brated in the darkness of night. 'lte Abate felt -assured, and-Geraldine could not differ from him, Ithat the Tenebrre of Wednesday was not the vigil, "but the matins and lauds of Maundy Thursday, chanted directly after midnight by most of the -religious orders, till a mitigation was allowed to -some, of deferring the nocturns till the office of tlauds at daybreak, and to others of chanting thd \- office overnight. ," From the days of the Apostles," said the Abate, " the Church has prescribed for her clergy a-divine *office, that is, a duty of attendance upon the Lord: this duty is prayer. Amongst the ancients the night was divided into four watches, and the day irnto four stations : so that the military, -who were appointed -to the guard duty, relieved each other at -the termination of each watch or station. The Church militant of Christ imitated the vigilance and :zeal of the soldiery of the earthly monarch. Like 'David, our- ferventlChristians arose at midnight to .give praise to the Lord. Pliny the younger, Lucian, and Ammianus Marcellinus, mention -the cus tom of the Christians of watching and sing ing at .midnight ; and 'Lactantius tells us -they did so to prepare for the arrival of their King -and God. But, it appears, from St. John -Chrysos 'tom that the laity were not called to these night \- offices, except on Sundays and other -solemn occa -slons. -In the monasteries only, and amongst the .clergy,' the course,' as it was termed, was regularly ,performed; and as the canons regulated the time, and manner of its performance, the hours, and sub 'sequently the office, was .known by the appellation -of the , Canonical Hours.' " Geraldine remembered, and repeated- to the &bate; \--from the " Mores Cathiolici," "-How holy is the -Catholic night, the night of the middle ages, the -time in which saints, dispersed all over the earth, -are assembled to chant the same sacred hymns, and -to commemorate the same great deliverance." "'"' Beautiful as true," said the Abate;-" the faith ful used- especially to assemble at midnight, for the •,nocturns of Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,of :Holy week, but for some centuries, the office has' ~b?een celebrated on the preceding evening; for thus iit was inthe early habits of our predecessors, though 'to us moderns, it is the afternoon of our day." " There is a difference of opinion, I believe," said -the General to his daughter, " respecting thereason' for extinguishing the candles one after another. -Some informing us, that the candles, which are -ranged along the sides of the triangle, represent the patriarchs and prophets, who, under the law of -nature, and the written law, gave the world the light of that-partial revelation which they had received, .and then died,the last being St. John the -Baptist; while the Saviour, who was not extinguished by his temporary death, is represented by the remaining clight, which is carried to the back of the altar and -concealed; during which the.prayer is in mournful and respectful silence, the psalm beseeching mercy ..(Miserere), is sung, the last petition is made, and '-the convulsions of nature at the Saviour's death, are -commemorated by the overthrow of stones and other heavy weights behind the altar. Do you incline to their interpretation Signor Abate, or to that which -is more generally received, of the candles represent :ing the burning light of faith in the apostles, which -in the hour-of trial was -extinguished, and that all left-their Lord and Master, save our blessed Lady, who is represented by the concealed but still burning ,,1ght P" " "1 incline to the former exposition," said ;the Abate; " but therelis something peculiarly mourn ful and touching in the last view of the subject,and -it seems to be the most popularly -received. I fear," -continued he, " that tIhe Signora will-find the service tedious; for the nocturns are chanted in the most ,simple and ancient style, every ornament being -.mitrted, that might distract the mind from the -mournful tribute due to this commemoration of Him, •who was.a man of sorrows, and acquainted with In firmity." " I.shall 'not, by the blessing of God, find the Tenebra service tedious," said Geraldine, " and I have been told that the recitation of the ' Lamen tatlon,' which preceeds the-far-famed ' Miserere,' is most affecting in- its appeal to theoheart." "'It is so," said the Abate, "and after the -mournful dwelling of one voice upon tire few wild notes of thIe continued lamentation, thleeffect is truly fine of thIe harmony at thIe close; 'Jerusalem! JerusalemI return thou to thIe Lordl thy God.'" Geraldine-did not find the service tedious,-for her mind and heart were occupied. The one voice in -the Lamentation,with thie irresistibly moving chorus, -as the Abate had described it, was thie more striking, 'from her never having heard before that species of cihant. Nothing, however, to which she then, or had ever listened, could approach thIe effect produced on her whole being, when, after an impressive pause, thie unearthly strain arose of thie " Miserrere!" Thie consciousness of place and of time was lost ! That she now heard thie wail of -departed spirits, from the prison of their purification, was thie most defined of her feeling, and this impression strengthened as thie strain continued, till she found herself in mental aspirations for their admittance into the angelic choir, to whlichl their voices seemed already attuned. As the sounds died away, tIhe pointiff read, in a low impressive voice, the conclud ing prayer; and when he paused, the light by which ie had read disappeared, while the last and most exquisite harmony arose in deeper, more Intense supplication, and loud strokes, which reveberated through thre chapel, commemorating the vell of thie temple being rent in twain, closed in deep a~we the service. ii tie primitive ages of she Church, it was cus tomary to bring public penitents before the bishop, after iiiatlns on Holy 'Thursday : and after the penitential psalms, with appropriate players and litnies, lhad been said or .sung, they received the -first absolution iand after tierce.(thl third, and our ninth hour), they were reconciled, by a second ab solation, to the favour of thie Church. Formerly in thIe church of Salisbury,;.the archdeacon besought the bishop, In the name of thIe penitents at the S.church door, to admit tieine to favour, and the cere mony must Ilave:been most- edifylng; but in these days off pride, and' self-love, thie conditions for gaining the indulgence of tie Church, are of a far less humbling nature. It was usual to-celebrate three ma?sses on Maundy Thursday : at tire firal, public petitents .were reconciled; at the second, tre -oils were cuisecrated for the sacraments throughlout.the year ird -the third was celebrated with more than usual solemnity, in honour of our blessed Saviounr's having, on that day, instituted the commemoration of his death, in the sacrifice of the mass, and the sacrament of the holy Eucharist. At this last mentioned mass, it is customary in cathedrals, for all the attendant clergy to go to communion, when, as they receive sacramentally, and not in sacrifice, they receive under one kind only. In gratitude and joy for this great gift to the Church, she mitigates on this day some of the mournful observances of the week, and the ornaments of the altar are veiled with white instead of purple. At the mass of this day the " Gloria in Excelcis" is sung, and the bells, which have been silent since Septuagesima Sunday, are rung during this hymn of joy, and !ikewise at the Papal Benediction ; but, with these exceptions, they remain silent, in token of mourning, and wooden clappers are substituted, to call the' faithful to their religious duties. On this day (Maundy Thursday) no kiss of peace is given at the altar, in abhorrence of the kiss by which Judas betrayed his Lord. The celebrant consecrates two particles of the sacred Host; one to be offered in commemorative sacrifice, and received in com munion as usual at mass, the other to be reserved for the office of Good Friday, when no consecration takes place. The sacred Host thus kept, has been ever, with respect and awe, deposited in a suitable place, and for ages has been carried thither.in pro cession : this being the anniversary of its institu tion by Him, who, when about to terminate his mortal life of sufferings, left us this pledge of His love. The procession now formed in theseame order as that on Palm Sunday, with this striking dif ference, that whereas the pontiff had, on the pre ceding occasion, been borne in, triumph, lie now humbly walked bare- headed, carrying the sacred Host, while incense was burned before -it, and lights were held.in its honour by all in the procession, which moved from the * Sala Reggia, into the Pauline .chapel. Both the hall and the chapel were in a blaze of light., The instant the holy father had reverently received the ciborium ,from the altar, containing the sacred Host, the sacramental hymn *of the " Pange Lingua" had commenced : PANGS LINGUA. " Sing, my tongue ! in raptures sing The mysteries of the world's great king ; His glorious flesh, and saving blood, 'Given in love to be our food ; That blood, which in his torments flowed, To ransom sinful man bestowed. Bestowed-by Heaven on sinful earth, A spotless virgin gave him birth ; And while he lived He scattered wide His word's true seed on every side, And left rich pledges of His love, Ere he resumed His throne above. Surrounded by'His faithful few That evening of His last adieu, And fully kept the sacred rite Ordained for that eventful night ; For food, ihe gave hlmself, to prove A sweet remembrance of his love." The procession having now reached the Pauline Chapel, the choir continued : " The word of'solemn mystery said, To Christ's own flesh converts the bread; The wine the Almighty's voice has heard, His blood is present at the word ; And faith, though sense will fail us here, Suffices to the heart sincere." When the pontiff had arrived at the altar of the Pauline chapel, a cardinal deacon, receiving on his -knees the sacred treasure, conveyed it to the de pository prepared for it; which the sacristan having locked, after the pdntiff, still kneeling with his car dinals, had incensed the blessed sacrament, the key was given to the priest who was to.celebrate on the following day, and who was the Cardinal Grand Penitentiary. During this last-ceremony, the con cluding-verses of the hymn, beginning *' Tantum ergo," were sung. "'Let us profoundly bend before" This awful mystery, and adore; Let types of former days give way,. Like-darkness at the blaze of day, And sense's failure be supplied By faith, our firm support and guide. To God the Father, God the Son, His equal, sole- begotten one; And to the Holy Ghost we raise ,Our hymns of jubilee and praise.; Salvation, power, and glory be To-God, who reigns eternally. The procession, then, instead of returning -to the Papal chapel, proceeded to the loggia or gallery, in 'front of the church of St. Peter's, the holy father being again borne in state to give his apostolic blessing to the assembled multitude. Many rushed from the Sistine chapel to witness this imposing sight, but our heroine had been promised not only to witness, but also to partake of the blessing on Easter Sunday, and therefore had listened to the advice given her, not to attempt to see everything, and enjoy nothing, and now quickly accompanied her father and the Contessa, to the ' Sala della Lavanda,' to'aee tihe ceremony of the holy father washing the feet of his priests. By this arrange ment they arrived in time to secure seats just oppo site the expected scene, and before thie entrance of his Holiness, the Abate joined them, and whispered to Geraldine, that he concluded she was aware that thie interior disposition must accompany the outward action to render it acceptable to Almighty God; and that no one gave more edification by the fervour and simplicity of his humility, than did hIis present holiness. "If thie Signora, in common with her fair countrywomen, has been disposed to scoff or been offended at seeing thie chief bishop receive the tribute of respect of kissing his foot, shite will now. be pleased at seeing hIim kiss thle feet of others." As the Abate spoke, the holy father with his re tinue. entered the hall, and the whole company knelt, until he hIad extended his hand in token of benediction, when they arose, and acardinal deacon having received the especial blessing before singing the gospel, the thirteenth of St. John was chanted, the choir first singing the versicle," Mandatum novum-do vohls." The pontiff's cope and breast plate were then taken off, and ihe was clad in the alb, and girt with a towel of fine cloth. Thie holy father then proceeded to where the thirteen priests were seated, attended by hils deacons, who bore the utensils, towels, &c.;, used by the pontiff. He knelt and washed the righlt foot of each priest, which. •having dried he kissed. A medal of gold, and one of silver also, were given to each priest, together with the embroidered towel. After this, in another hall, his boliness waited on the same thirteen.priests at their repast. In the evening of thistle day, Geraldine was taken by her father to see the blaring cross of fire sus pended within the dome of St. Peter's. Thie whole of the immense fabric was thronged with people, of every age, clime, and condition, gazing on thIat glouious object, and the pontiff and all the cardinals now descended from the Stiistlne chapel, where they had been attending the service of Tenebro, room having been kept for them by the Swiss guards. Silence, holy silence, reigned throughout tihe church-even -the whispering and tittering of the rEnglih Protestant ladles ceased for a short time, while the pontiff and all around him, lay prostrate before the symbol of Re demption. But: at the exposition of the sacred relics, which soon after took place, General Car rington. being tormented by the unbecoming be haviour of the English groups near him, drew Geraldine away, and they drove immediately to the church of Sant Antonio di Portoghesi, to visit the blessed sacrament there deposited; and as this visit was unexpected to our heroine, and made, as she supposed, by her father from simple devotion, the effect was still more impressive, of the resplendent repository of the sacred Host, which poured forth a flood of light, reflected on all sides of that small but exquisitely beautiful church. General Carrington and his daughter joined the prostrate congregation in silent prayer, till, touching; her on the arm to arise and look around her, he ltd her in a short time back to the carriage, where he told her that, if she wished it, he would take her thalt evening to a sacred concert, held at the house of an Italian lady, where she would hear the " Miserere"' to perhaps even greater advantage than in the Ststine Chapel, as there would be an instrumental accompaniment of the finest harmony. " How richly must I be feasting," said Geraldine. " to feel no wish' for this sacred concert, which would once have been, indeled, a treat. I shall, however, be happy to be with you, dearest father, if you are going." , No," said the General, ' I Lave no inclination for this concert but for yoursake ; I will, therefore, order them to take us home, a: ad you shall go early to rest.' On their return to the palaztt,.and before Geral dine had retired, the Abate called,scarcely expecting to see them, as he'concluded tt e3r had gone to the sacred concert. He was much pleased to find that Geraldine lhad visited the sepulch re in the church of St. Antonio, as he gave it the prtuference, but was a little disappointed to find her so u nusually silent." " Is the Signora disappointed P" said he. " I am only disappointed, or rather perplexed," replied she, " at the anticipationt of':time, which dis turbs my devotion, and must con tihaue to do so; for instance, Signor Abate, you and every one term the place in which the blessed sacrament is deposited * the sepulchre,' and I understand tbat the figure of our blessed Lord is often represented lying in the tomb to which the sacred Host is carried on this Maundy Thursday. Why do ycou represent the burial of our Saviour before his death P Why is not Holy Saturday the day appointed for guarding the sepulchre P" "* After the mass of Maundy Thu riday," replied the Abate, " the blessed sacrament is carried from the altar, which is strippid of all its .o.naments, to represent the desolation of the Church, at the loss of her Divine Spouse, for it was on ithe night of Maundy Thursday, that our Lord was b etrayed and taken. The faithful have been in the constant habit of following their hidden Lord to the deposi tory in which the blessed sacrament is placed, to pay their homage; and this custom has fallen in so naturally with the idea of his lying hidden in the sepulchre, that by degrees that name has been given to the receptacle, and the two pious acts.lave become blended." 7To be continued.) 