CORONER'S INQUESTS. On Tuesday last an inquest was held at Mr. Driver's the " Three Tuns, Elizabeth-street, on the body of Catherine Murphy, then lying dead in the Sydney Infirmary. From the evidence of Bathsheba Ghost, a nurse in that establishment, it appeared that the deceased was taken into the Infirmary on the 20th of last month. She was suffering from a fracture in the leg, which she stated she had re ceived from falling down some stairs ; she did not attribute blame to any one, and died about three o'clock yesterday morning. Dr. M'Ewan gave evidence as to the fracture, which was set shortly after her reception; and that she did very well for a few days, until tetanus ensued, under which she sunk. The jury returned a verdict of " Died from the effects of injuries accidentally received." Last Monday an inquest was held on the body of one of the unfortu nate men who perished in the wreck of the Wanderer schooner. The body had been seen lying on the rocks at the north end of Beilby's Beach, as far back as the preceding Wednesday, and is supposed to be that of William Macintyre, who was engaged as cook on board the craft, though from the advanced state of decomposition, Smith, the only survivor of the wreck, could barely identify it. A verdict of "Accidental death from drowning" was returned. On Saturday the 15th instant a coroner's inquest was held at Blackman's Point, Port Macquarie, on the body of Grace Linney, who had been killed the evening previous by a dray passing over her body. Thomas Smith deposed that he was driving the dray upon which the deceased, who was drunk, was riding, about eight o'clock ; he was at the head of his bullocks, when his attention was attracted by a shriek. He immediately stopped his bullocks and went to the dray, where he found the deceased' had. fallen off, and saw her lying in a deep rut. The wheel of the dray had passed over the body of the deceased just below the arm-pits and also over one arm ; the body and the arm were completely crushed. A ver- dict of "Accidental death was returned." On the 20th instant, an inquest was held at the 'Speed the Plough' inn, Port Macquarie, on the body of Billy, an aboriginal black, who had died that morning. It appeared that Billy had been very drunk the previous evening, and had slept at the side of a fence the whole'df,.the; night, wlhicll: was very wet and boisterous, .from tlhe exposure to which it is supposed he died,and the jury returned a verdict. to that effect. On Friday the 28th, an inquest was held at the " Plough Inn," Russell-street, Bathurst, on the body of a woman named Holds worth, who had met her death by accidentally falling down a well. From the evidence it apl'eared that no one actually saw the affair, but it was supposed that the deceased had been drawing up a bucket of water .from the well, and from weakness--she having been some time unwell,-in endeavouring to bring the bucket to land, was unable to do so, lost her balance, and was precipitatedi down the well \- a distance of 50 feet. The first discovery of the circumstance was by a neighbour who, seeing a bucket that he knew belonged to the deieased stainding near the well suspected what had taken place. He went to her residence, and. finding her absent, immediately gave the alarm ; assistance was speedily procured, and a man was lowered down the well, and the body was found, but life was quite extinct. It was supposed she was dead before she reached the bottom, as there were several bruises about the skull, supposed to have been received from concussions from the sides of the well in her fall. The woman was stated to be perfectly sober. Verdict-"Accidental death from drowning." On Wednesday an inquest was held at Ward's "Sportsman,":' Parramatta-street, touching the death of a man named. Enoch Booty, then lying dead in Mary's-lane, Blackwattle Swamp. It appeared by the evidence that the deceased, who had been through out the previous and subsequent days in his usual spirits, had risen on Tuesday morning at seven o'clock, lit the fire and put the kettle on. On his wife rising about an hour afterwards she missed the deceased, and on going out into the yard, at the rear of the pre mises, she found the deceased hanging in the stable. It seemed that occasionally his mind was affected after drinking. Dr. Tierney gave evidence as to the immediate cause of death, and a verdict was returned, " That deceased had destroyed himself whilst labouring under temporary insanity." On Saturday last at inquest was held at Oakhampton, near Mait land, on the body of Robert Bradley. It appeared that Bradley, who has been for some weeks in the employ of Messrs. Prentice and Nott, received some fourteen months ago an injury in carrying a log, of which lie felt the effhcts up to a recent period, although it did not interfere with his daily labour. Between three and four o'clock on Saturday morning, whilst he was at work at the boiling down coppers, with a fellow-workman named Colfox, he suddenly grasped Colfox's arm, and on Colfox turning round to know the cause, lihe saw that Bradley had fallen. Colfox called for a light, which being brought, it was found that blood was issuing from Bradley's mouth and nose. He was lifted up, and removed into a hut, but in a few minutes lie expired. Dr. Liddell stated that from the appearance of the body he was of opinion that Bradley had ruptured some bloodvessel, which had caused the blood at tie mouth and nose; there was no m:?k of violence on the body. The jury returned a verdict of " Died by the visitition of God." 