Breach of the Holidays. ' \VE livre heard much talk of breach of the Sab- bath. On Sundays the poor man must swallow nothing but religion. Like it, or not like lt, it is forced upon him. The law of the laud com. pits him to a certain conventional observance of it-the law of society, and the lnw of his own rightmimledness enforce his willing compliance with it. Now, though it may not bc enforced by statute, why should not respect be'paid to the poor man's" relaxation P Why should not ac . knotvledged and recognised seasons of enjoy- ment and recreation le left to him free and un- numbered? What right has any man to in fringe upon the subject'» '« chartered immunity nf festivity," for such tho ono or two great holi-. days of the year may be termed ? We S3y that no man lias that right, and we regret -to ad d that if any man chooses, as the representative of tile graver and more important instilutionsi.of the country, to trespass upon the fair expectancy of " the Public's Holidays, that he tirings their institutions into contempt and disrepute, by the odiíim he calls down upon those who represent them. We have been led into these remarks by cir- cumstances which have recently occurred. On Tuesday morning familiarly known as' " Boxing day") a Cabman was summoned to the Supreme Court at Darlinghurst as a witness. He had made engagements before hand to go to the races, and he absented hims^f. A rule was granted by the Chief Justice, at the suit of thc Atorney General, to show cause why an attach- ment should issue against him.- The man ap. peared yesterday mcrning, and the Attorney General not 'piessing the charge, he apologised and was discharged. Kow the man was a sensi- ble man enough, but under the combined in- fluence of rare pickings at Petersham race course, his'own constitutional conviction that the holiday of " Boxing day" is the working man's Magna Charta-these with lingering re- miniscences of^his Christmas cheer.might induce him lo forget, or even to disregard, the mandate of " our right, truly, and well beloved Sir Alfred Stephen, Chief Justice." The case is a trilling one j but why make a known recognised holiday-a season of notori- ous festivity-a d ty almost consecrated by cus- tom to amusement, the date for cemmeiicing the most important, the most awful term which ap- pertains to the administration of justice in the Country. Of tho foity-eight Jurors summoned, and of, perhaps, thc 50 witnesses subpoenaed,how many were in the humour, how many were in the proper frame of mind after the enjoyment of their Christmas Day, and in the disappoint- ment of their Christmas holidays, lo do justice to the very solemn functions they were called on to discharge ? The worthy gentleman who may be required to decide whether.a man should go to the scaffoldor not, ought not to be scartd from his duty by the ghost of a skeleton turkey the apparition of a faded plumb pudding, or the spectre of an undigested mince pie. Tile subject is a familiar one. We treat it familiarly, but it is not.the less important on that account, and we earnestly protest, not only against this prac Used infringement on the subject's right of haliday, but also this interposition in the court of thc unprejudiced administration of justice. Wc do not wish to make remarks that are too severe, but when one remembers that the first day of the last Criminal Court but one »as (he 1st of Nov., the day of the Municipal Elections that the first day for trying civil cases was ap- pointed for the Oih of Nov., thc day fur electing th« Mayor-nnd the first day of the last Crimi- nal Court the 2l3thof December, *' Boxing day," -we feel somewhat indignant, and do trust that, after tliis exposition, we shall not have to recur to so disagreeable a topic again. 