MR. PETER PUNCTILIO. THE GENTLEMAN IN BLACK by henry mayhew, chapter i. At the window of a private sitting-room in the Bell Hotel, Cheltenham, stood a young couplei so immediately contiguous, lhat it was plain to see they were attached to one another. Suddenly the fair one started from the pleasant bondage of her swain, exclaiming, 44 See ! yonder comes my p«arciiuu3as I live! lafcuicK! iliac your- self, for Heaven's sake 1" "Hide myself !" replied the cavalier, retreating from the window. 44 Egad, il your old govenor catch me here, he'll hide me, I'm thinking 1" ' Ay 1" said the lady, 44 thai he will, with a ven geance !" 44 With a stick, more likely !" retorted the gent, who nevpr lost an opportunity tor a joke. "There 1 there 1— don't stand tritiiug now 1 ' re turned his lady-love, 44 but find some place of con cealment, do!'' " That's all very fine, hut there's no lodging here," aid he. " Where shall I dispose myself?" « Stay 1 — I have it ' — behind this board 1" exclaim ed she. removing that which stood before the chimney. 44 You'll never be discovered there." 44 Behind that ?" cried the gentleman, 1 why, d but that will be lodging and board too 1 and. egad, when I come out, I suspect you'll have to provide me with washing into t' e bargain." " Pshaw I" ejaculated his inamorata; " in with you, and mind you keep yourself quiet or you'll spoil all," and she showed him the way to his dingy do micile. " Never fear," replied the swain, entering the soo ty recess; "I'll be as silent as an oyster wiih " And the fair damsel cut short the gentleman's simile by replacing the board before the chimney. She then hastened towards her piano, and commenced sing n i the following itt'e canzonet, the words of which it is but justice to state had ben wr'iteo for her, to one of her favourite airs by the gentleman in the chimuey, " Cupid's blind ! How came heEso ? List, sweet maid, and you shall know. Constancy and he, one day, Went a sailing, so they say, All was narrn'ny for awhile ; Well it serv'd time to beguile ; But, at length, young Love grew tired, And to change the course desired. I say, Con,' cried restless Cupid, 4 This plain s tiling's develish stupid, I'm for turning t'other way ; Come, my girl, now what d'ye say V Constancy, who ruled the stern, Vow'd that round they ne'ei should turn. Nay, she told him the little rover, Sooner than round, they should turn over Whereupon high words arose And from words they got to blows. Soon though Love was made to quail 'Neath the maidens fingernail, — For, like roaidmsin a passion, Constancy fought clawing fashion,-— And so maul'd poor Love about, That she lore his eyes bo:h out ; Sin e which time, the story ends, Never have those two been friends Now, Vt nus, hearing from above The sad sobs of little Love, And, perceiving that his cries Arose from having lost his eyf s, Gailier'd up those orbs of btue, And at last gave them to you 1' The young lady had but just finishe'd the canzonet when Mr Solid her guardian enteied. " Bravo!" he exclaimed ; " bravo, Cecilia !' (for that was the name ofhis vard). ' In high spirits -—eh, merry one > Come, this is as it should be / 1 have something important to communicate to yon." '' Something important," repeated Cecilia, 4 On do let me hear it sir!" 44 Well then, said Mr. S. " first tell me candidly, how should you like to make your debut in the pleasant comedy of Matrimony,' e h? "Why, truly, sir," she replied with naivete, " 1 should have no objeciion to throw up Hie part of The Countty Girl,' and appear in the character of The Wifie,' provided I felt convinced that my per, foruiance would meet wiih approbation. It must be either a hit or a Miss with me, sir." "Indeed!" cried Solid; "then, to be serious. I have found a person who I have no doubt will De perfectly to your taste ; none if your wild, harum- sva um, racketty fe/lows of the present day, but a steady, rich, middle aged geutleinan, There's a cbam e for you 1 What d'ye say to that 5" "Why, sir,'' returned Cecilia, 44 that the dart9 of Cupid must he feathered with afftction, and not merely tipped with gold, in order to penetrate my bosom, No !''she added archly," the only arrows that can find their way to my heart are those which spring Irom my own beau.'" " From your own beau !" echoed |Mr. Solid V And, pray. Miss, who may this beau of yours be " If your steady, rich, middle aged gentleman were here, do you know what answer I should make ?" in quired Cecilia. " A saucy one, I'll be bound," returned her guar dian. ' I should say to liim,' she added,' my beau, sir unlike those cf old, is not yew.' 4 Very pretty indeed, MiSk !' exclaimed Mr. Solid. ' Very pretty! But, perhaps, you will be obliging enough to tell me the uame of this most favoured swiin ol yuirs." Oh, certainly, sir,' replied the young lady Mr Frank Forage." 4 So Mr. Frank Forage is it, Bliss ?' coolly ex claimed Mr. Solid. 4 At d, mavbe, you will now farther inform me what are that gentleman's means of living, for d if I c ould t ver find them out.' He says that he is a man of private property, sir,' replied Miss C. Piivate property !' repeated her guardian. 'Yes; so tsj ec ally private- that nobody as yet ever saw anything of it. Egad! he's an independent gentle man in tile fullest sense of the w0rd, for be certainly is a gentleman that has nothing to depend upon.' But surely you do not intend to say, sir,' remon strated Cecilia, 4 he has no fortune at all ?' I don't mean to say any such thing,' returned Mr. So d. 'On the contrary' I think his fortune very good, for I verily believe the poor devil has no.hing but bis good fortune to trust to lor a dinuer every day. Mr. Solid was right Mr. Frank Forage, the gentleman in questilon, and in the chimney, was a piofessed wit, a being who .md upon bis brains, oue of those visrionaries, who, like the alchemists of eld, tndeavouied to tiansmote the base metal of their c«-rebra into precious gold. 4 1 et me bear no more of this jaekuapes, I beg,' said Mr. s. " I want to speak to you upon a subject w ich e -ply coi cerns you.' Well, sir, pioceed. I am all attention.' " You are well aware that it was ever the wislv ofyour late father that you should marry into tbe family of the Punctilios'" said Solid. Cecilia confessed that she had understood such to be the case. « Then I have to inform you that 1 have received by this morning's pos',' he continued gravely,' a let ter from Mr. Peter Punctilio, a gentleman of whom report speaks most highly, a thorough man of busi ness, the pattern of precision, indeed a perfect human chronometer; as you will perceive when I tell you that he promises to be with me this day exactly at tliree-and-twenty minutes past four, p-m There's punctuality /or you !' It will be indeed!' replied Cecilia, laughing ; if (and she laid a strong stns; upon the hypothetical monosyllable) he onlv perforin what he promises." 4 Il M.' echoed Solid, with an equally forcible em phasis. What, do you doubt it, then? Ah, had you beard but one half what I have respecting bis precision, you would not be very sceptical upon t'n point. Why, he's as regular as tbe trade-winds?' But la. sir!' said his ward, ' there are so many little circumstances that may happen to prevent any one keeping an appointment to tho minute; for in stance the wheel of the coach mighs come off.' ' Well, then lie would take a post chaise, atdcnme on,' replied Solid. ' Pshaw I' ejacn'atfd Cecilia, 'one of the horses m'ght turn restive, and throw the oat-chaise over-' ' No matter !< exclaimed her impei turbable guar. dian, ' it might throw the post-chaise over, but till it couldn't throw him over his time.' M 4 But, dear me;' cried Cecilia, ' there are fifty things. He might break his leg by trie accident.' a He migh! break his lee, to be sure,' replied Solid ; ' but, nevertheless, he wouldn't break his appoint ment into the bargain. In short, so convinced am 1, r from the accounts I have had of his character, that 11 he will be here to the very moment he has named, I that, hang me ! if I wouldn't stake my existence up- e on it.' 3 Cecilia saw directly that this postiveness on the 1 part of her guardian might be turned to advau- tage. ' Well, sir!' site said,' since yon are so thoroughly convinced of Mr. Punctilio's infallibility, perhaps ( you will promise to consent to iny marriage with Mr. Frank Forage, provided Mr. P. be not in these apartments one half hour after the time he has spe cified.' 4 Consent to your mariage with Mr. Frank Forage 1 Ay!' exclaimed the confident old gentleman " or with the chimney-sweep at the corner of the next street, if you like, on such a condition.' 'You will remember then, sir,' returned Cecilia, i 'if Mr. Peter Punctilio be hall an luur behind his j appointment. 1 have your jiermission to choose a husband for myself.' " Half an hour behind his appointment ! Ay !" ite exclaimed, even if he be a quarter. But don't be deluding yourself with the vain hope of Mr. Punctilio's breaking his word. The thing is utterly impossible, 1 tell you. You might, with just as i much reason, expect the sun to oversleep himself to- 1 morrow mornine, and not make his appearance j above the horizon until noonday.' And, so saying, lie dashed out of the room in no slight passion to find his ward so incredulous upon a point which he believed as strongly as Holy Writ. Cecilia no sooner heard the outer door of their apartments closed, than she flew to liberate her poor prisoner. ' Come out, Frank.? she said as she retrieved the board from the chimney. You may quit your dingy quarters now without fear.' ' Quarters do you call them !' exclaimed tbe jocu lar Mr. Forage ; " hang me if it isn'i a complete bole ! But how do I look ? Not particularly grimy, am I eh ?" " ' ' You're as unsullied as a wedding gown,' was the laconic reply of his lady love. ' But tell me, she continued, ' you overheard our conversation, did you not ?' ' I did, ray love, but it was with no little difficulty, — for, not being endowed with the property of ubiquity, it was naturally no very easy task for you to make me hear when I was there, you know. Ha 1 La ? not so tad that I flatter myself. Mr. Frank Forage had a strange way of laughing at, and complimenting himself upon his own jokes 'It is a hit I must allow,' said Cecilia appro vingly. ' That is, you mean to say, it isn't a-raiss. Come, I've heard worse than that, too, in my time,' ' What, still at your puns, eh, Frank?' 'Ah !' your old guardian may rail as he pleases at your professed wits, but let me tell you punning is decidedly economical.' ' Economical !' echoed the astonished Cecilia- 'How so, 1 prithee j' Why. not only is it an economy of language — making one word convey two meanings,' replied the wit,' but itisalsoverj economical in a financial point of view, saving one the expense ol sundry breakfasts; dinners, teas, aud suppers-' f'Fhat ! a pun save you the expense of a meal exc. aimed his lady-love, more surprised than be- fote. ' Ay !' returned Frank. ' You won't believe it, perhaps : but 1 existed the whole of yesterday upon one bon-mot, two conundrums and a theatrical an ecdote ; made my dejune ofl' the bon-mot, dined heartily upon the theatrical anecdote, and had a nice light supper with the two conundrums. Few persons have any idea of the pickings of a t smart jeu d'esprit. You recollect that oke of mine upon a linen draper affixing " War ranted Fast Colours" to some cheap printed ccttons in his window, th at his colours were doubtless so fast 'hat they'd run ! and a very good one it is, too, thoug I say it. Now, you hardly believe it, but lhat very joke has been, I assure you, a matterof no Jess than two breakfasts, fivediunets, and several suppers to me.' Two breakfasts, five dinners, and several suppers !'' exclaimed Cecilia. " Pray explain yourself." " Why, by getting me the reputation of being a smart, clever fellow, and so obtaining for me sun dry invitations out. But I will give you a case in point," continued the loquacious Frank. The other morning I was breakfasting will a party of jolly fellows at Sir Ilarry Hardup's when our wor thy host was thrown into a state of great trepidation by a very suspicious and bailiff-like ring at the bell. ' Who the devil can that be?' cried he. — 'Some beggar or t'other, depend upon it,' I replied. — How do you know ?'he inquired. — , Because,' said I . he came with a ring, and consequently, must be a fellow without a rap!' — None so dusty that I think Well, the joke took like wild fi-e. I was declared a very amusing fellow. Sir Harry begged I would stop to dinner. One of his friends requested I would honour him with my company to supper I another pressed me to come and take wine with him ; a third presented me with his card, and assured me he should be happy to see me at any time ; in fact there was not a single person present from whom I did not receive some invitation or other.' " A very ingenious mode of living, truly,' respon ded the young lady. ' But what, in tne nme o Moraus, could hr.ve made yoa adopt so strange a' mode of getting your b ead ?' " A circumstance which happened tome at school replied Frank, " and which, proving to me, as it did, the power of a pun, was, I believe, the prime caue of my embracing my present profession. I was stu dying tbe art of penmanship, — an art, by the-by in which I did anything but flourish ; — tome that i'snt so very bad, either; — and had perpetrated a most miserable phalaux of pot hooks, when ray tu tor came behind me, and, perceiving the rudeness ol my attempt, raised the little round bit of raahogony appertaining to masters of tbe craft, in order to give me a knock on the sconce. 1 saw his intention, and arresting his arm, exclaimed, ' Don't strike me, sir? I'm a republicaq,! — ' A republican I' responded he, 'What do you mean by that ?' — my head!' — Ex cellent, was it not ? It had the desired effect. Hp, laughed heartily at my joke, and for the smartness oi my tongue overlooked the awkwardness of my fingers. Thi9 made a great impression upon upon me; so much so, lhat when my father kicked the bucket — that is, went out of the pale society,— that will do I think, — and left me nothing but my wits to depend upon, I said that, since u pun had stood my friend in one instance T saw no just cause or iuiped ment why usiiouid not in another; and, as punning for a din ner seemed preferable to whistling for one. although by the latter expedient one would have been sure ol a good blow-out, rather brilliant, tbat, for an off- hamler,— -l determined to turn regular punster; and so here 1 am, Frank Forage, dealer in hon-niots, anecdotes, doiible-en-tendres and other f'aceliffl ! and a very pretty tiling I make of it, I can assure you." "Drive a good trade, I've no doubt ?" said Ceci lia. " Indeed I may say, a roaring one,— -I've said worse things than that before now. There is not a subject that can be touched upon in conversation upon which I have not something smart to say. As i or the wea ther, I am equally at home, be it fair, or be it foul whether or no. If it rain heavily, I talk of the ab surdity of laundresses attempting to catch soft water when it's raining hard; If itonly drizzle, I declare the weather reminds me of the battle of Culloden because they'd some of tbe Scotch mist there. Then as for dinner, bless yon ! there is not a good tiling to apply to it. In lact, let tbe conversation take whatever turn it may, or even Jet it grow dull, and flag for awhile I am sure to throw in something salt and so make it smart again, —and that's very tolerable, I flatter myself." " You are a funny fellow, Frank," said Cecilia smiling at the recital of bis histoiy. " But, while you are chattering here you forget that you've a riva who threatens to he with us very shortly.'' - " That is, my dear," responded the inveterate pun 1 ster, " you. mean to say that I've a rival whose ar jival I ought to look to, — that's to make the old noo dle, that's coming after you, come after Iks time in ; stead ; andi never fear but he shall be in this in stance as slow, and as decidedly the iate Mr. Pane- 1 tilio as if he was one of the dead instead of the quick; But, egad! I must loose no time." ad led the vivacious Mr Forage, "for I've got a few little levit es here, tviiieh I miis't take to the Cheltenham Chr< ni :1s bet- re I attend to the old gentleman- Here is an epigram, " ON a MAN WITH A. LAZGE FAMILY- 1 fhat wonder that Dolt has more children than any, 1 You know the old proverb, that— one fool makes 1 tany." What do you think of that? And beress a Cock- j ley conundrum, ' Why was onr dry nurse like Ado- lis ?' D'ye give it up ? ' Because she was engaged o wean us 1' — Ha ! ha ! ha 1 Develish fuuny, isn't it :h ? But adieu 1 adieu, dearest !" and so saying.lie anislied, with a kiss of his hand ts his lady-love, in )ursuit of his rival." CHAP. II- Punctually as the clock was striking fourth Highflyer fast coach drew up at tbe Bell Hotel, and deposited at the door a particularly prim and pursey little gentleman, habited -in a new suit of black. There was a peculiar precision in his air, a starch spruceness about his while cravat, and aastidious formality displayed in the tie thereof, coupled with a fever'sli anxiety respecting the safe delivery of the sundry articles which constituted his luggage, which would have indicated to anj' ono in the least acquain ted with tbe character of Mr Peter Punctilio, that this was no less a person than tbat gentleman him self. At length he entered the hotel, aud lookingatthe clock over the mantlepiece of the ccflee-room, ex claimed." Seven minutes and a hall past four eh ? That will do! It wants, then, exuetly oi e quarter of an hour and thirty seconds to the time of my ap pointment with Mr Solid. Fifteen minutes and a half. Let me see ! that will just allow me five min utes to open rav parcels ; seven do. to smarten myself up a bit ; and tbe remaining three and the odd seconds to find my way to the apartments of Mr S. But, let me have ape<p ai mj sell, and see how I look iu my new suit ol black." Mr Punctilio went towards the glass, and began admiring himself with evident seif- satislactton, "Ha !',' continued he, elevating his shirt colais, and resuscitating his brutus. Musi sedate and respecta ble, I flaitter myself. Black certaimy does become me amazingly—gives such a pensive and interes ting tone to the features. Yes ; not particularly handsome, but ir esistibly pleasing.'' Leaving Mr Peter Punctilio thus pleasantly en gaged in the contemplation ofbis charms, <e will take tbe opportunity of saying a few words relative to the history of the black suit, which appeared to give liiin so much inward delight. To a man of Mr Peter Punctilio's regular habits a love affair was a most important business ; and be naturally wished to appear before tiie lady to whom he was about to plight bis troth, to the very best possible advantage; consequently be sent for his tailor in order to consult biui us to tbe best means ol so doing. He told him he was about to pay bis addresses to a beautiful and delicate-minded damsel and desired such habiliments as wonld be likely to make the lady look with favour upon his suit. The taste, however, of the artist aud our heio did anything but coincide. Snip, of course was for decking hi in out in all the colours of the rainbow ; but Peter Punctilio as that gentlemen himself said wasn't the man to allow himself to be made a harle quin of. No, be preferred something sedate and respectable, and so decided upon having a genteel and sober suit of black. Whether Mr Peter Punctilio did right or not the seq .'el will show. Now it so happenei that a few minutes before thr arrival of theaboye gentleman in black a lady ofth>- name of Hollyhock had been thrown out oi her phaeton and berseuses atone and the same time, a short distance from the Bell, and had consequently been brought to that hotel until such time as she could be removed to her owu house, which was sit- u te about a mile out of Cheltenham. A messenger had of course been instantly despatched to the near est surgeon for his immediate attendance, but as yet he had not yet made his appearance. Such was the state of affrirs, when the landlay, not a little alarmed at the di atoriness of the doctor, r.me the bell and ordered the chambermaid to go below and seei / Mr Potion had arrived. The lady of the bedchamber, who rejoiced in the name of Sally weM about the bidding, grum hnj that she wished they would take "heir sick people to any place but there, for they never give oue nothing but a great deal of trouble; and that if they did happen to give up the ghost, why drat 'em I th<-y never thorigiit about remembering the chambermaid. Thus went Sally growling ab>.-ui the house until she reached the coffee room, where he figure of Mr. Peter Punctilio, dressed ail in black, no sooner caught her eye, than she exclaimed, 44 A geniiemm in black. Oh, this must be the doctor, surely. I'm blest if he doesn't look like one of hi3 own bh ck doses anima ted ! — I beg your pardon, sir," said she, addressing that gentleman, " but I believe you're come to see a lady in this hotel ?' " Most certainly, my dear," tesponded Mr, P.; " thai is the interesting object of my visit." 44 Ah, sir i" returned Sally, " the poor thing has been anxiously expecting you. "She has, has - she ?" exclaimed he, mt a littL delighted at the impatience o» the part of one whom he believed to be his destined bride. ' No doubt," he added in an under tone, " she has heard of my amiable qualities from some quarter or odter." " The dear cratur has been dreadfully upset, I can assure yuu, sir continued sally, alluding to the cap size of Miss Hollyhock. " Dteadfnlly upset, has she ?" repeated Mr. Punc- ti'io. "Ah?" subjoined he in alow-voiee; ''it's the way wuh all tne women ; they alwajs are upset directly they hear anything al out me. Completely thrown out, I daresay, row," continued he, addressed himselt lo Sally. " You may say that, too," replied the maid. " Regularly head over hi-els, and no mistake " Amiable susceptibility," thought Mt Punctilio. " Ah!" said he, " she wont be the fbst fair damsel I've cut up'by a «reat many." "Cut up!" txelaimed the horror stricken Slly, " What, you intends to operate upon the poor thine, then ? ' "Operate upon her?" responded the gentleman in black. ' Of course I do ! upon her heart '' " Intends to operate upon her heart 1" ejaculated the maid, 'Dial ever hear the I:k<\- s ? Oh, she's booked, I see. But you dont mean to siy you'll ever have the conscience to do if V' "Conscience!" echoed Mr P. "Bless you, her's won't be the first fair bosom I've penetrated in my time!"' " He's a-going to penetrate her bosom, too the inhuman wretch 7" " I've made some havoc among the members of the fair sex before now I can tell )ou. " The members ! He means the arms and legs ! The nasty beast ? I declare I'm alt of a trem ble while I remain near the horrid brute J" " Although 1 dare say, you wouldn't think it, to look at me?" said our hero. "Indeed but I would, though, I never saw such a slaughtering countenance in all tny born days before !'' ' It is rather a killing one, I believe," said the self-satisfied Mr Punctilio. " You looks lancets, that yon does." " Why. truly I have always been allowed to have a regular piercing eye of mV own." " Bui while you're a-runnini on here, you forgot all about the sufferings of tile young lady yoit've come to see, sir.'l " Sufferings ! You surely do not mean to say she is so (ar gons as all that ?" " But I dues, though ! La ! bless you ! the deai crea nrt'sin astet: of perfect agoiij ?" " L'hartu i tig anxiety ?" said he to himself. "But come, let me haste to relieve the poor thing's tor ments ?' ' Ah, do, sir?" replied Sally ; " you'll find her eagerly expecting you upstairs in bed/' \- " Find her where ?" blurted out the astonished Mr Punctilio. " Why in bed to be sure? Where else did yon expect to find her, I should like to know ?" ' Anywhere else but there, certainly! Egad?" added Air P. aside," a pretty wife she'll make me if she's in the habit of receiving the first visits of gen tlemen in bed." "Well, bang me ?" said Sally," ifyou a'n't the riimuiest doctor I ever seed if you object to visiting lady in bed. " Doctor ?" cried the gentlemen in black. " What do you mi an by that ? Doii't doctor me, if yo u please ?" " What, do you . intend to say you havn't come here to physic pour Miss Hollyhock." " Confound Miss Hollyhock ?'' ejaculated the irate Mr Punctilio;" what's Miss Holh hock to me ? No? I cane here to pay uiy attentions to a bcaatiful young lady residiug in this hotel." to be concluded in our next. 