IRELAND. MB. SMITH O'BRIEN AND THE CHAN. CELLOIt. The Chancellor is about to add another feather to the plume of the hero of Limerick by suspending the hon. gen tleman from the commission of the pence. The silly vet audacious parody on Lord Clarendon's recent proclama- tion, issued by the Council of the Irish Provisional Government, has led to this decisive step on the prrl of the Chan cellor. who, in dealing out this measure of retributive justice, furnishes" Mr. O'Brien with n pretext for fulminating a grandiloquent statement of his pecu liar views of constitutional law. Sub joined is the correspondence : — " Secretary's office, Court of Chancery, Dublin. May 5. " Sir, — I am dirrcted to inform you that the Lord Chancellor has read a document in the public papers, purporting to he signed by you, and entitled Proclamation by the Council of the Irish Confederation,' and I am to request you to state, ns a magistrate, if that document was signed by you. or has been published as having your signature, with your sanction ? and whe ther you wish to offer uny explanation of a proceeding winch appears to the Lord Chancellor to be greatly at variance with the conduct to be expected from a gentle man holding Her Majesty's commission of. the peate? I am. Sir, your obedient servant: ' FRANCIS WILLIAM BRADY, " William Smith O'Brien, Esq., M.P." " Dublin, May G. " Sir, — I have had the honour ol receiv ing your letter of the fitb of May, in which you inquire whether a document purport ing to be signed by me, and entitled 1 a Proclamation by the Council of the Irish Confederation,' was actually published, as hearing my signature, with my sanction ? "In answer to this inquiry, I have much pleasure in statiug that the document in question (though 1 cannot claim to myself the honour of having composed it) was signed by me, and has my full sanction. " Conceiving that his Excellency the Lord-Lieutenant had, by means of a Go vernment proclamation, propounded to thii country opinions inconsistent with the laws of the land, relative to certain suggestions which had been offered by the Council of the Irish Confederation, touching the for mation of a National Council, and a Na tional Guard, I felt it to be my duty, with the concurrence of the Council, to worn the people of Ireland that they ought not to place any reliance upon the illegal and un constitutional doctrinea set forth in such proclamation. With regard to my commission of the peace, I beg to remind you that I resumed it upon the invitation of the Lord Chan cellor, at the instance of twenty-two ma gistrate of the count? of Limerick, who spontaneously, and without my knowledge, signified their opinion to the Lord Chan cellor that the public interest required that I should he invested with the olfice of justice of the peace, I consented to resume that office with n view to assist in preserving social order; hut I shnll very cheerfully surrender my commission if its retention involve uny sort of pledge that 1 will uphold nn usurped power til this coun try, or that 1 will treat, ns deserving re spect, prohlnmntions ctnnnaling from Dub lin Castle whielt are not sustained by the laws of the land. I have the honour to he, Your obedient servnnt, WILLIAM S. O'BRIEN. To the Secretary of the Lord Chancellor. Mr. O'Brien this day received a let ter from the Chancellor, informing the lion, member for Limerick that his Lordship has fe't constrained to re move his name front the roll of magis trates. " SAVE ME FROM MY FBIENnS.'' T he following graphic sketch of the Repeal Association in 18-18, as guided hy the wisdom of Mr. John O'Connell, is pencilled by the friendly (?) hand of an old ally, the Cork Reporter : — The Repeal Association of 1S13 is ex tinct. The disembodied shadow that now haunts Burgh-quay is hardly recognisable as its ghost. It is unheard in England, — unheeded in Ireland. It is a political Rip Van Winkle, and looks dolefully round for old notions, which it otire used to find common enough, but which hare died out from the earth, perishing it may be, of fa mine, fever, French revolutions, nnd so forlh, things that have somehow destroyed more than the fl.-slt and blood of the mate rial world. It reports now and again that it has the confidence of the country, and the majority of the country knows nothing of the report, and takes no pains to ques tion it. The most moderate section of the Nationalists, which this association imagines itself to represent, are in fact unrepresented altogether. 