DANIEL O'CONNELL'S GHOST ' QUIETLY INURNED' IN AMERICA. We perceive, by the New York papers, that the late Daniel O'Connell was buried in that city with great pomp. 'The obsequies of the Agitator and .ihpmtnr ' anra rhp Jifpin Ynrk Herald of Sentem ber 23rd, ' were celebrated yesterday by our Irish fellow citizens, and were conducted in a manner that reflected the highest credit on all concerned in getting them up.' A funeral car, a coffin, and pall- bearers, formed part of the procession ; but as the coffin was empty we presume, for it is not mentioned that any son of the Emerald Isle was engaged to perform the part of corpse on the occasion, the whole thing had a close resemblance to the representation of Hamlet, ' with the character of Hamlet omitted by particular desire;' or peihaps to the funereal solemnities in Romeo and Juliet, where the lady is chatting in the Green -room while her remains are being consigned to the ' tomb of all the Capulets.' The following is a description of the car and coffin : — The car was sixteen feet Ion* by eight wide ; the height from the lower drapery covoring the wheels to the platform holding the sarcophagus is four feet ; from the platform to the top of the squarB drapery eight feet ; from the top frame to the head of the canopy, seven feet, in all seventeen feet. It was drawn by twelve horees richly caparisoned, with ostrich plumes and cloths of black, trimmed with silver, bearing a shield, with the Irish harp; each horse was led by a groom in a black velvet tabban, black cap trimmed with green, and top boots. The chief mourners wore black cloaks and hat-bands. The coffin was covered with green velvet, richly em broidered with gold, and resting on the top was a sarco phagus covered with crape. The empty coffin being placed upon a table, ' in front of the platform designed for the accommodation of the orator of the day, ex-Governor Seward,' the oration came next ; and, oh ! such an oration ! Whiskey never inspired a torrent of more grotesque metaphors and tropes, or a conglomeration of bom bast more innocent of meaning. Listen : — It is a holy sight to see the obsequies of a soldier, not only of a civil liberty, but of Jihe liberty of'consci^e — of a soldier, not only of freedom, but of the cross of Christ — of a benefactor, not merely of a race or people, but of mankind. The vault lighted by suspended worlds is tho temple within whicU the great solemnities are celebrated. The nations of the earth are mourners; and tbe spirits of the just made perfect, defcundiog from their golden thrones on high, break forth into songs like this — 11 Tears are not now thy due. From the world's toil, Come to assume in heaven the brighter birth ; A winged angel fioai thy mortal coil Escap'd ! Thy glory lingers yet round earth, Christ's hallowed warrior, living, thou went'st forth ; Christ's champion didst thou die. Aud now, blest shade ! The crown and palm of righteousness and worth Thou wear'st, with joys unspeakable repaid.'' The orator, we are told, ' then drew a picture of Ireland when there were trained bands which were sworn to resist even a seven-fold foe.' A seven-fold foe — what can that be ? But the cruel bathos — the sudden anti-climax — descending from ** winged angels' and ' hallowed warriors,' to John Gilpin was a citizen. Of credit and renown, A train-banrl Captain eke was he, Of famous London town. Presently, the orator's eye, ' in a fine phrenzy, rolling' bodies forth the following prosopopoeia : — It Is now the election day. There is O'Connell, depic ting the atrocities of British persecution with a noble ar dour of religions zeal. A band of tenants are marching by, und-T the conduct of their landlord, to vote for the Ministerial candidate. They pause: they mingle in the crowd; they listen, and novf, at every cadence of the Liberator's voice, redoubled shouts arise, 'O'Connell and Freedom X* Ad elector is released from j =»Il by his creditor, on con* dition that he vote against O'Connell. He is already at the polls — a shrill cry is heard— it is the debtors wife who speaks — 'Remember your s--ul and liberty 1' The debtor rises to the majesty of a freeman, and declares his vote for O'Conoell. Instantly all rents in arrcar are paid by the Catholic Association. The elector's debt is discharged by the same omnipresent power, and that no oble Celtic woman's exclamation becomes the watch word of all Ireland: — ' Remember your soul and liberty 1' What a thrilling vision of the past 1 An imma culate bogtrotter, snatched from perdition by his wife Judy O'Flannagan, shouting out 'remember your eowl and liberty.' In the ' twinkling of a bedpost,' as Lord Duberley says, he ' rises to the majesty of a freeman' by voting for O'Connell and having his rent paid by the Catholic Association ! The peroration of this 6ublime harangue was wor thy alike of the orator, the theme, the place, and the occasion :— Come forward, then, ye nations who are trembling between the dangers of anarchy and the pressure of des potism, and hear a voice that addresses the Liberator of Ireland from tbe caverns of silence, where prophecy is uorn : — ' To the, now sainted spirit, Patriarch of a wide spreading family, Remotest lands and unborn times shall turn Whether they would restore or build. To tbee! As one who rightly taught how zeal should burn; As ooe who drew from out faith's holiest urn, Tho purest stream of patient energy.' The prophecy born in the caverns of silence must be twin sister of the famous Irish echo on the Lake of Killarney, which, when asked ' what is good for the belly-ache,' replies, 'hot brandy and water.' One thing we will say. Orator Seward bad a fool's office, and he filled it admirably. Who can doubt, after this Transatlantic foolery, that the proposition which has already been made for O'ConrielTs canonization, will be entertained in high quarters? The city of Venice is about to send a present to the Pope. The offering selected for the successor of of St. Peter consists of — eight remarkably fine pieces of cannon / What would Peter {have said to such a present? Elijah M. Davis, White Plains, New York, says his mode of protecting his sheep from dogs is to put bells on 1 or 2 sheep in each flock. ' A sheep-killing dog is a sneaking creature ; and when they start up. the steep, the bells make a noise and the dogs sneak off. If the sheep are within half a mile of the far mer's house the bells will give an alarm.' A short time back a little book was published con taining an accout of the actual condition of the de scendants of our former Kings. One of the Tudors is at this moment a resident in Wapping, and earns an honest livelihood by dealing in rags and phials. Nearly the last of the Plantagenets lately drove an omnibus between Paddington and the Bank. The cloth of Chinese manufacture, known as 'Nan- kin' in Europe, owes its peculiar shade of colour to the soil on which it grows. It is found on the banks of the Yang-tze-Kiang, in the neighbourhood of Nankin, and on the banks of the grand canal ; and Us colour is attributed to the preeence of oxide of iron in that soil. This explains why these cotton plants on another locality produce white cotton. There are also cotton plants in the provinces of the PhiHippine8, which produce cotton of a red shade of colour, and which also bear white cotton if. trans- planted to another toil. , 