WHAT MUST NOW BE DONE FOR IRE LAND? Faoii the Weekly Dispatch; This question means what must be done for Eng land ? If our frieiiJ Jones has a diseased leg, likely to mortify, when we ask what must be done to save Jones's life, especially if Jones declares that he will not have his leg amputated-r-tbat he means to waik about without the help of wood, and therefore to keep both his lower limbs. If Jones will not ampu tate or repeal his leg, Jones must cure it or die ; or at the very best, hobble and groan in pain and diffi culty. England or Jones may be quite tired, ut terly worn out with thinking upon the unhappy sub- 4 ou t . nA 111 alfni> i t t c rhu u I in I . n nil 4«it t V, » 1. JVUli II" AUAltWIj II IO IUU V I l(4i UUC| ttliU nil tllfll i& settled tlieie is neither health nor hope for any part of the body. Within the last two years we have worked too slowly, else not amiss. We first fed the starving, next we passed a law whereby, if it be not dislio- nestlv thwurted. starvation cianhot again occur in any district which possesses the means ol giving food; we are ready with a Government reserve where such aid is not in existence ; and, lastly, we are putting down, with the firm and strong hand ol the law, those ou'ruges which drove away the only parties c&pbble; of leading Ireland to a happier futu rity. The press has done its lull part in all. It has approved and enforced the measures which were "ur gent, and it lias lent its moral power to make them work. It has shamed the evil teachers of the peo ple from their murderous in- ligations. It has made thera deny what they once dei-ndei. it has driven the cause of blood-thirsty depiimciation froin the apology which Mr. M'Hale made for it, on the false ly assumed authority of St. Gregory, to the assertion of another agitating Bishop, Dr. Cantwell, that there have been no such denunciatiouis at all, and that Father M Dermott is the most slandered man in the worid in being accused of them. True or false, such deeds were vindicat d till the press Made them abhored , when it was shown to be in famous to palliate them, they were denied. Murder is no longer the avowed code of any party, political or religious; this is something. There is little to re gret as to what has been done, except that we are yet at the very beginning of nor task ; that to stop in it is to plunge all back into irretrievable ruin, in to a confusion which no one again will have the heart or the power to attempt to remedy. Enough, then, for the present of repression. The furture will tell bs whether any further measure bl it can be required. Alter securing an obedience to law and reason, at the expense of coercion, and by the means of executions aad severe thouuh necessa ry .punishment, it is our part to find for Ireland that justice which deserves lo be obeyed, because it is worthy of being respected We are helped in this task by a member of the Catholic priesthood. Fortu nately for the order, it has its D. M'Enry as well as its M4 Hales, Cantwells, and Laffans; aud while otlieis are paying this excellent man the mere tri bute of piaise for the Christian charity ol his teach ing,! will endeavour to pay him the far more valu able compliment of examining his practical sugges tions, and helping, however humbly, a good Irish pri. si in euforeing such ol his views as are capable of being carried out upon the attention of the En glish, who can insist upon them. He means some- th:ng better than mere talk in the New Year's eve sermon, and so should we in our New Year's doings. Dr. M'Enery, in preaching patience and44 manly forbearauce" to his hearers by no means blinks the question of their real sufferings. He expects the strangers present to tell biih that 4 want presses heavily' upon their ubode-, and he assures them 4 the picture is the same' with him and ! his parish ioners. A : 1 Ii is exortanons to obey the law, ii g proof that crime itsell punishes the criminal, an admirably fitted to their purpose, and to the p:o pie whom he addresses. But it is not what he ex pects them to do thai we need examine, unless to be sure of hissincerity ; it is our own part of the duty "hich he enforces that we are bouud to lo-'k io. He places no hope in Irish agitators. He de clares his conviction ot tlieir huliowness. Their letters aud speeches, according to him, they them selves do not believe' They are things made for show and to serve political ends ; and he i? merciful when he assigns to the men and their efforts the coram- n doom of oblivion, rather than a perpetual infamy. He evidently despises more than he detests thedi. He looks first to the Queen and her G 'Vetnment. He does, not ask them for an impossible pertunity o doled out food- but he require of them that they should inake Ire land4 portion ofE lgland,' Such a word from such a man must uot be got rid of with mere gnerhl praises for his candour and benevolence. Ii tie sug gests it in good la th. he has a rfoht to complain if the claim be not examined and allowed It is mud- n -ss to cast such an advocate into the ranks of des perate a-jitation, of sedition, of treason, by neglecting his plea lor justice. He asks for 4 a portion of the public works, the public places, and the public offices,' for Ireland. All that is.natural t her in this respect should be anxiously and scrupulously con ceded and pa'd. Railroads will soon be completed to tlie Western coast of Ireland. All that can be done to make the harbours there the seals of Atlans tic packet stition , avoiding thereby the dangers of the InshChauiit., wmoh are so olteu re corded in fatal shipwrecks, should b ; sought out and accomplished with statesmanlike prec.-ption and zeal. Misrule has to be atoned. Ireland has a claim and how deeply it is to the interest of Enla id to allow it !— to be nursed and fostered into that prosperity, of which the usual chance has beeu so recklessly, shortsightedly, inhumanly taken away. Ireland is out of the rule of ordinary policy in which it is wisest to leave as much as possible to the course of events. Ireland is the crippled child; crippled by the neglect and ill usag of age past, and it is the wicked legacy ot our imbecile, big>tted, selfish ancestors to us to undo or to repair the effects of their stupid hard heartedqess. It is the business of an English Ministry of this reign to look out for public means of Irish prosperity because it was the crime of their predecessors, the ministers of other reigns, to plunge Ireland in inbuiiian misery; Mr. M'Enery claims laws for the encouragement of the fisheries. What ever law ran effect, be has fight to ask ; 1 fear that is not much; I believe that individuals aud compa nies, duly encouraged by security ib their enterprise, by the good disposition of the people, are more likely to bring help ; but if Dr. M Enery can shew any law which defeats their exertions or devise aoy statue that will jnstly help th'em ,3he ha9 a positive right to the aiteraiioo. Oh, that be and all such apostles of peace could know how ardently all true-hearted men on this side of the Chhnnei would combat for any honest advantage to Ireland which could be shown to be feasible ! It is not, perhaps, possible that England should share the pubiic offices with "Ireland ; where the seal of government is the public work must he concentra ted, Bui, as I believe that the ameliorations oi. Irish misery aod destitution must spring quite as much Irora social as from legal reforms, I suggest one which might prove the root of many. Although it might he difficult to remove the Parliament even, uitce in three S-8stons from Loudon, there is no treason why the imperialCourt should not fix its test-, V dehce for two months every year in Dublin) and spend \ - another montb in the Irish province, A V great opportunity is offered to show that there is k service which Monarchy can fender In transfe'rihg the chief seat of society to the' place that needs its help and influence. Arbitrary Monarchs have al ways used this engine. They have created capitals. fn wastes by their mere presence : they have made their residence a most important part of their policy 1 Why should not as much be dooe by our constitu tional So« eieign ? It is oue among the few, though no unimportant benefits which she can bestow. Let her vindicate royalty from the imputation of bei/g a useless burthensome pageant. It is not only that the neglect of Ireland by the Sovereign has deprived it of all the expenditure which residence confers, and that to give Dublin a Court would be to make if the centre and mainspring of a thriving trade ; much more than that, howevei much that might be, would be accomplished. Irsh landlords would ba brought back to Ireland, not merely lo live and to expend on their estates, but to improve them. The Queen visits the Brrdsh nobillity. She is shown here uot only mansions and pictures, but the peasant- . ry are also partol the expected exhibition, and, if they and their habitations were not in tolerably pre sentable condition, the English noblemae would blush. A lew royal journies in Ireland wonld cast down many mud cabins, raise many decent Jcotia;es, and turn many disgraceful wastes into thriving farms. Tne Irish gentry dislike to be 44 found ont," even more than other lolks. Bring observation thus full uooti them. More than all. there would be a visible head of authority, whom all would agree 10 respect The Queen's name'" would be 4i a tower olt strr-ngih.' A visible presence of Majesty is just whit a less sivilized people require. Where she might be, the law would be respected as well as obeyed. The mob authorities, the M'Hales and 0 Connells, would shrink into their uaiujel dimen sions ; tuey can beare the beggarly array ol the Cas tle or its deputies ; the respectable state of the British Government is a very dtffeieht thing. No one need urge this upon her Majesty beyond pointing out 'he benefit. It she' feels it lo be her duly ;t will be done ; and tnat she should beve a suitable palace in Pt.asnix Park is one ot theexpi-nses which I should consider most wisely and economically incurred on behall of the British nation. Her presence would Ly the ghost o R peal for ever. Dr. M'Enery lastly and emphatically addresses the landlords. His priuciple objects in appealing to them would be facilitated, in auextrUordinary de gree, by the acceptance oi the above suggestion. The lady whom he praises as 44 a benevolent aud pure- minded being," can bring them back among their tmaurry to do their work cheerfully, securely, and with emulation. He would not need to tell them to 44 descend h little from their high position" to in struct and encourage their people to work. They would feel, as they ought, inal they were below, ni- finitely, shamefully below their proper position, if tney neglected so sacred a duly, We should havft fewer Mr. Moorts declaring that their racing stud h in England were ol mote consequence than their Irish estates. Dr. M'Enery makes the astounding assertion that their is uot, 44 under the circumstances of the country, a single good landlord in Kerry— nor in Ireland," Oi course he lakes a most extended view of an Irish landlord's work. He shows that double or treble is to be taised from -the land; he naturally expects that it is the business of the man who owns the laud to see that this is done, that the debt he owes to the Commonwealth for being con firmed and protected in his property, the condition that it shall give ail the food it can to man, shall be paid and accomplished. The Irish landlord is, in deed, a madtnab it he seeks to evade this obligation. Whether he, ot any one else, has brought the land to the state that it is in, both as to '-tillage and ns to <he people who till it, nothing short of the combined and arduous exertious of ail ifo t can redeem both or either. Every man's post is as in a battle, in which .it is reason nit to fight the utmost against tne common enemy. When such a man as the one whose effort# 1 have be n describing warns them as a frieud, points out what they might do, calls their attemi-ja to the undrairted-FusJi-y .meado-iuihe starved up land, and to the hands ready to make Sbtkfertiie, when he appeals to them to risi above sectaKjuu bigotries, and to see in the Irish a moral and a sober" people craving for the honest means ol earning oread, when he asks litem to lake their revenues by their burr ane «xer'ioi 8. ins'ead ol losing them by idiecrininil apathy, they must be unfit, not only for their station and its obligations, Jbut for the so ciety ot honest. men, if they hesitate for a moment to hold out the hand in reply to the patriotic iuvita- hod. 