ST. PATRICK'S CATHOLIC CHURCH. - AUCKLAND. " .(From the New Zealander.) TeAB consecration of this beautifully substantial edi ficetook placeon Sunday, 19th March, by tie Right Rev. Dr. Viard, Catholic Bishop, assisted by his clergy; the old and venerable rights of primitive Christianity were, it may be for the first time, intro duced on this desert shore, and hence.it wras, that they seemed to find a responsive chord in all hearts. And as the prelate poured forth in a half command ing, half plaintiff tone, the pathetically sublime prayers of this time hallowed liturgy, in which the. Church, 'personifying the Redeemer, whose ever living organ she is, exorcises bleaK nature, and in the name of Him, whose rightful inheritance she is. gave utterance to the following sublime words, we could not fail to be moved : " O Blessed and Holy Trinity, which purifiest all thinks, blessest all things, and more than adornest all things. O Blessed Majesty of God, which filleat all'things, containest all things, disposest of all things. O Blessed and holy hand of God, which sanctifiest all things, blessest all things, enrichest all things. 0 Holy God of Saints, with the humblest devotion, we beseecli' thy clemency that thou wouldest vouchsafe through the ministry of thy servant, to purify, bless, and consecrate with the perpetual richness of thy sancti fication, this Church, in honour of the holy and most victorious Cross, and in memory of thy Saint Patrick." And how touching the allusion to the uses of a Catholic Church : he continues,-" Here shall thy priest offer unto Thee the sacrifices of praise; here shall thy faithful perform their vows ; here shall sinners lay down their burdens ; here shall the falls of thy faithful be relaired l" The same sub lime tenderness pervaded all the other prayers and expressive ceremonial of the day,; nor was the military, now chastened into religious music, which filled the ample aisle, of small help, to aid the mind in throwing off its coil and- mounting on high. The zealous prelate, though for long hours going through his labour of love, without aught ofaefresh ment, yet seemed alert with life to the last; over forty of'his faithful people, including a great num ber of fairly deoked innocent children,were confirmed and must have given joy to his heart. 1ihe festival too, was like the Church Catholic, for even .many Maories, in best attire, seenied to shane largely In the joyous rite; the music above all, appeared to greatly impassion them. The sermon was preached by the Rev. J. P. O'Reilly,of Port Nicholson, whose text was-" Is it then.to be thought that God should indeed dwell upon earth, for if heaven, and the heaven of heavens cannot contain Thee, how much less this house which I have built; but have regard to the,prayer of thy servant, and to his supplications, O 'Lord my God; hear the hymn and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before Thee this day, that Thy eyes may be open upon this house night and day, upon the house of which Thou hast said : My Name shall be there ; that thou mayest hearken to the prayer which Thy servant prayeth in this place to Thee!"--(3rd book of Kings, viii. chap., 27th and 'following verses.) After the sermon, and towards the end of 'the holy sacrifice of the Mass, great numbers united themselves to God in the most Holy Communion; shortly afterwards, the divine ceremonial concluded, leaving all hearts, as it is ever the privilege of religion, delighted and sweetly calmed. To explain all the affecting ceremonies of this day, would lead us too far,-yet, must we say a word on a few of them of more general signification, as tending to edify our neighbours. In the first place, we may remark that the consecration of material edifices in general, is figurative of the spi ritual edifices or buildings of our souls, according to that of the Apostle,-" Now therefore, you are no more strangers and foreigners ; but you are fellow citizens with the saints and the domestics of God, built upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone, in whom, all the building, being framed together, groweth up into an holy temple in the Lord : In whom you also are built together into an habitation of God in the spirit." (Eph. chap. ii., verse 10, &c.;) The altar, according to St. Joln, represents our Lord who is called in Scripture the ,* Corner Stone." (Psalm cxvii, verse 22; Matthew. chad. xvi. verse 42.) The Greek and Latin alphabet are traced by the Bishop on the floor of the Church in the form of a Cross, while the Benedictus is being sung. Now, under these two languages, Greek and Latin, the great vehicles of all civi lization, the Church includes every tribe and people and tongue, and means to show us that our Sa viour's religion has penetrated elements the most. discordant, in uniting all the faithful unto him, in his mystic body. In Jesus Christ,- every national separation appears destroyed by religion-of dif ferent peoples he has made, but one, and thus fulfils his prayer in St. John, xviith chap.," That they all. may be one, as Thou, Father In me, and I in Thee, that they also may be one in us; that tile world: may believe that Thou has sent me."-21st verse.. Thus has Ihe thrown down the wall of. division, and destroyed Cthe national enmities that divided man kind, By hIim all have access to the Father, as they are all one. in Christ. Jesus, so among themselyes they form but one body, and,one spirit. All of.us proclaim that there is. but one Lord, one faith, one. baptism, one God the Father of all.-Eph, lvi 5. Separated: from, that unity, the Church teaches us; that .we.are:asweak as new: bora, babes, and are carried about by every wind of doctrine, ;The people sing the Kyrie Elelson (Lord have mercy on us), while they accompany the relics borne by the Bishop around the church, to testify that wo should follow the footsteps of the saints in the prosent:life, under the guidance of Jesus Christ, their and our own head, represented by the Bishop, and that at is only through the gift of God's mescy, unceasingly im plored, that we can hope to obtain admittance there in. The Canticles of joy are continued till again entering the Church, so to manifest the holy glad ness which breaks forth in Heaven on tihe entrance of the faithful into thqir happiness. The Bishop burns on each of the five crosses of the altar, a lighted taper with grains of incense. He then in vokes on his knees, together with the faithful, the help of the Holy Ghost Two antiphons taken from the Holy Scriptures are again sing, expressive of the angels presenting our prayers to God, as a sweet smelling odour, (see Rev. v. 8.) and even tihe in cense continues to rise until' the end of the dedica tion, to figure to us that until the last of God's elect enter the abode of bliss--the Heavenly Jerusalem, shall not cease to present before Christ, who is the altar of God, the prayers of the faithful. tlhe Bishop then prays that God may vouchsafe pro pitiously to behold that which burns on the altar, and may deign (regardless of the material fire), to hallow it with his Divine Spirit, so thant tie prayers of the faithful, figured by the- incense, may ascend to His throne as a pleasing.odour, and that theyj may receive the grace of worthily partici; pating in the Eucharistic sacrifice, and thus' arrive happily at eternal life through. Jesus -Chirlst. Churches are consecrated to the worshlip of God, but in honour of the Saints, to skhew us the'intimate union existing between Christ and his members the Saints, for they, too, testify tle fruitful effects of the coming of the Son of. God unto this world,-of His ministry, and His sufferings, IIIs resurrection and outpouring of the, Spirit; so that accordinglj. in their lives the effects of the life of Christ, and its undeniable fruits.are brought home at once to our contemplation and to our feelings. Moreover, their brightness is nought else than an irradiation from tine glory of Christ, .nnd a proof of Ills infinite power, wiho out of dust and sin, is able to raise up" eternal spirits of light.. He who, therefore, revereth them, glorifietih Christ. from whose power they have sprung, and whose true Divinity they attest. Anad now may the Lord direct our hearts and our bodies in the charity of God, and the patience of Christ i (Thes. xi. 3,;5.) Amen. 