FLITTINGS OF FANCY. Ladv Betty's Pocket Book. When I returned to tho drawing room, Barbara and tho lady mother were absent on their usual occupations, and I sat down for a moment of happy reflection on the delights which awaited inc. My heart was tingliug with anti- cipations, and every thought was poetry. A scrap of paper lay upon tho table, and was pre sently enriched with a sonnet on eaclt side, winch I had tho vanity to think were quite good enough to be transferred to Lady Botty's most beloved and lilac pocket-book. I raised my eyes, and lo 1 in the bustle of partiug with Lord S , she had forgotten to deposit it in her desk. What an agreeable surprise it would bo for her to find how i had been employed ! How fondly would she thank me for such a delicate mode of showing mv attention ! Tho sonnets wore written in my best hand, and I was about to close the book, when I was struck with (he extreme beauty of Lady Betty's. Might I venture to peruse a page or so, and enjoy the luxury of knowing her privato thoughts of me? Nay, was it not evi dently a sweet little finesse to teach mo tho secrets of her heart, and should I not mortify her exceed ingly if I neglected to tako advantage of it ? This reflection wns quite sufficient, and I com menced the chronicle ofher innocent cogitations forthwith. I began with noting the day of the month 011 which I had presented tho gift, and stated, prettily, the plan of improvement which I had suggested, Tho very first memorandum contained her reasons tor loving nernenr iu- . 1 pressed the book to my lips, and proceeded to "reason the kiiist. "A good temper is hotter in a companion than a great wit. If dear M is deficient in the latter, it is not his fault, and his excellence in the former makes ample amends." 1 low 1 As much as to say I am a good-natured fool. Was there no other construction ? No error of the press 1 None. Tho contoxt assured me that I wus not mistaken. " REASON THE SECOND. " Personal beauty is not requisite in a husband, and if he is a little mistaken in thu estimation of i himself in this respect, it will innko liiin happy, and snvc mo the trouble of labouring for that , end." I Conceited and ill-favoured 1 My head began to swim. " llRASON THE THIRD. " I havo been told that very passionate attach ments between married people are productive of much disquietude and jealously. Tho temperate regard, therefore, which 1 feel for dear M argues well for tho senerity of our livos — Ilcigh- ho r- Furies 1 "reason the rounTii. " I have sometimes doubted whether this tem perate regard bo really love, but, as pity is next a-kin to love, and 1 pity him on so many points, 1 think 1 cannot bo mistaken." Pity! " reason the fifth. " I pity him because it is necessary that I should place him on tho shelf during Lord S 's visit, for fear 'S should he discourngod by appear ances, and not mako the declaration which I have been so long expecting." Place.mc on tho shelf! ! " reason the sixth. "I pity him because, if S really comes forward, I shall be obliged to submit poor dear M to tho mortification of a dismissal. 1 1 1 "reason the seventh. " I pity him because he is so extremely kind and obliging;,in quittiug the room whoncver bis presence becomes troublesome." till " reason the eighth. " I pity him because his great confidence in my aflection makes him appear so ridieulous, and because S" laughs at him." 1 1 1 1 1 "nEASON the ninth. " I pity him because, if I ilo ultimately marry him, S will tell every body that it is only bccanso I could not obtain the barouche and four — Ileigh — beigh ho 1 111111 " reason tne ten! ii. " I pity him because he has so kindly consented to moot me on my return from tho churily- school, without onco suspecting that I go to give S a last opportunity. He is really a very good young man — Ah, well-a-dny !" — Aud ah, well-a-ilay !!!!!! Sc., &c.; — Let no man, henceforth, ondeavour to enjoy tho luxury of his mistress' secret thoughts. I closed the book, and walked to the window, the river flowed temptingly beneath it. Would it bo best to drown mj self or shoot myself ? Or would it be best to take horso after the barouche, and shoot Lord S ? I was puzzled with tho alternatives. It was absolutely necessary that somebody should be put to death, but my con fusion was too great to decide upon tho victim. Let us now conclude with a peep at the issue. It was long before I heard any tiling more of Oakenshade or its inhabitants. In the middle of tho following December I received a piece of 1 wedding-cake from tho gentle Barbara, and iu tho same packet a letter from Lady Betty. She had written instead of mamma who was troubled with a gouty affection in tho hand. Sho spoke much (and 1 havo no doubt sincerely) of tho cruel separation from tier sistor. Touched feelingly upon the happiness of tho timo I had 1 spent at Oakonshado, and trusted sho might ven ture to claim a week of me at Christmas. Sho : was truly sorry that sho had no inducement to ! hold out boyond tho satisfaction of coramunicat- j ing happiness which, sho knew was always a ! paramount fooling with inc. She was all alone, and wretched in the long evenings when mamma went to. sleep; and reverted plaintively and prettily to tho little study and the ghost stories. As for tho lilac pocket-book, she had cast up her follies and misdeameanors, and found the total, even before the end of the year, so brimful! of shame and repentance, that sho had indig nantly thrown it iuto tho fire, trusting to my kindness to give hor another with fresh advioo. Dear Lady Betty ! my resentment was long gone by — I had long felt a conviction that her follies were little blameless, and not at all un common ; and I vow that, had hor happiness depended upon me I would have done any thing to insure it. I was obliged to sond an excuse, however, for tho present, for I had only beon married a week. 