THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. THURSDAY, MARCH 23. All the members were present, except the Chief Justice, presiding in the Supreme Court. The Colonial Secretary gave notice that he should move to-morrow, that "the amount to supply de- ficiencies in the Estimate of Expenditure for the year 1847, namely, £15,381 3s. 9d. be voted by the Council. The Governor laid on the table the draft of two Bills ; one to amend the Prisoners' Regulation Act, and the other to amend the Quarter Sessions Act. The Attorney-General then gave notice of the first reading of both Bills to- morrow ; the second reading of the Bill to prevent the counterfeiting of Foreign Coin (which includes French coins) and on Monday, the first reading of the Bill to amend and extend the provision of the Act intituled, an Act for the Settlement of the Claims to Grants of Land, and for the more effectually quieting Titles to Land in this Colony. The Connell then went into committee on the new Dog Act. The first clause having been adopted, the Attorney-General moved that the consideration of the second clause, namely, the registration clause, should be postponed, as it was his intention to propose a proviso, exempting those who had already registered their dogs under the late Act, from the payment of any further fee for the current year. It was accordingly postponed. The period of registration as provided by the third clause, was altered from the month of March to " on or after the 30th day of April next. On proposing the fifth clause, providing the graduated registration fees, Mr. Dry said, that he intended to move the total expulsion of the schedule B, enumerating those fees. The hon. member's object in so doing, was to establish a uniform fee ; as it would fall very hard upon a person compelled to keep four or five dogs upon the chain for the protection of his property, as was frequently the case, to be compelled to pay an increasing tax after the first, as proposed by the schedule. He (Mr. Day) would not object to a fee of 2s. upon every dog running at large. Mr O'Connor objected to a larger fee for dogs off the chain which might be required by shepherds and others, but he should vote for a higher tax upon some dogs. The hon. member here referred to the vast number of sheep which were destroyed by dogs, and stated amongst other facts, that it was no unusual circumstance for sheep-owners to send out a dray to the run. which brought back a load of carcases, all killed in one night by dogs, kept by the lowest vagabonds. Persons in the practice of kangarooing, would often be accompanied by four or five savage and fierce dogs, which made great havoc amongst the flock. These dogs were kept by a set of worthless and lawless vagabonds in great numbers, and he for one, wou d impose a heavy tax upon kangaroo dogs. Captain Fenton expressed his dissent from the opinion of Mr. O'Connor, and would advocate a uniform rate of 5s. in preference to two distinct registrations: There was nothing to prevent sheep owners from prohibiting his shepherds from keeping more than two dogs. He (Captain Fenton) limited his shepherds to one dog each, and would not permit any of his men to keep dogs of their own. The hon. member strongly advocated this practice by sheep-owners generally, as greatly con- ducive to remedy an evil of great magnitude. Mr. Dry replied, and denied the necessity of heavy registration upon any kind of dogs: the Act provided in a manner sufficiently stringent for the exact description and registration of dogs, so that those improperly at large could be easily identified, and their owners punished. The penalty for non- registration was also large and under these circumstances, he should oppose a higher registra- tion fee for one class of dogs more than another. Mr. Gregson now moved the striking out of schedule B and that clause five be amended, fixing a uniform fee for each dog. Some little irregularity here ensued, when Mr. Gregson moved, seconded by Captain Fenton, that the general fee should be 2s. . Mr. Dunn proposed another amendment to the effect, that the tax should be 5s. upon each dog, and was seconded by Captain Fenton. After some remarks by the Attorney-General, the Governor put Mr. Dunn's amendment to the vote, when Mr. Gregson rose to advise the Council to pause before they passed the amendment, as it would in fact amount to an absolute abrogation of the Act. The hon. member went on to state that the whole community were agreed as to the necessity of restraining the increase of dogs, and for that purpose no one would object to pay a fair and reasonable registration fee, but the public would not willingly pay so large a sum as 5s. If this was enforced, the people would strenuously resist the payment, and the Act, as before, would become a dead letter; its provisions could not be beneficially worked, or carried out. Endless litigation would ensue, and at once nullify the objects of the measure. The hon. member proceeded to point out the evils which would accrue from the passing of the Act in its present form, and strongly advocated a moderate registration fee, which would meet the views both of the public and the government. He (Mr. Gregson) concluded, by again warning the Council, that in the adoption of the amendment, the Act would be rendered perfectly inoperative. The votes were now taken, and the amendment was carried in the manner stated in our last, by a majority of one. Other clauses of the Bill were considered, which resulted in a direction to the Attorney-General to prepare certain clauses, to prohibit under a heavy penalty, the importation of native dogs- as objects of curiosity or otherwise from the neighbouring colonies. The Council then adjourned to the next day at 1 o'clock. FRIDAY, MARCH 24. We have only room for an abstract of the proceedings of this day all the members present except the Chief Justice. Mr. Dry presented two petitions in reference to the Dog Act; one signed by certain inhabitants of Hobart Town, praying that the registration fee should not exceed one shilling, and the second from Mr. John Hall, proprietor and printer of the Advertiser newspaper, praying that the Council would delay the passing of the Bill until petitions could he presented against it; both the petitions were received. Captain Fenton gave notice that he should move on Monday for copies of certain legal decisions recorded in the Supreme Court, and connected with the existing law relative to grants of land. ." Mr. Dry gave notice that he should move on Monday for the appointment of a committee to enquire into the grievances of the colony, and also that the Governor. be requested to lay upon the table, copies of the despatches received, from the Secretary of State in connexion with the land fund. "? ' .. ) I The;,Coloi>huYSecretary, pursuant to notice, moved the sanction of the Council for voting the expenditure of the sum of £1.5,31 3s. add to make up the deficiencies in 1867. The motion was carried "17 J'-'," V i ' . ' ', by 16 to 2, Messrs, Swanston and Gregson forming the minority, and the former giving notice of protest. t, The Council then adjourned till one o'clock on Monday. l MONDAY, MARCH 27,' ' , All the members were present. Again we can only furnish in our present number an abstract of this day's proceedings. Captain Swanston presented two petitions against the penny system of education ; one was from the inhabitants of Hobart Town, and the other from certain clergymen at Launceston. The petitions were read and received. Captain Fenton presented a petition from Mr. John Martin, of New Norfolk, against the proposed Grants' Bill; this also was read and received, Mr. Dry requested permission to postpone the bringing forward of his proposed Estimates, as being so voluminous, they had not yet been fairly copied ; they were however in course of transcrip- tion, and he should be shortly in a position to lay them before the Council. The permission of the hon. member was immediately. acceded to. Several petitions were presented against the pass ing of the Grants' Bill, by Messrs. Dry and Fenton, and one from Mr Edward Abbott, in reference to the decision of the Caveat Board, upon that gentleman's claim to the " Swamp," near Launceston. These were all read and received, and upon a subsequent motion ordered to be printed, upon the ground of the vast importance of the landholder to the subject in question. The order of the day was then called on, and Mr. Dry brought forward his motion for the appointment of a committee to enquire into the general grievances of the colony, and that certain fiscal regulations should be removed. Captain Fenton seconded the motion. The Attorney-General opposed the motion, as, in his opinion, it could not be entertained in its present shape ; it appeared to the hon. and learned member, that the hon. member (Mr. Dry) wished to embark in a wide ocean of investigation, without any pilot to guide him on his course. The At torney- General intimated that he should bestow upon the subject his best consideration, but that he could not do so at present; he also denied that any grievances existed The Colonial Secretary supported the views of the Attorney-General, and maintained that, whilst Mr. Dry had conjured up the ghost of a grievance, the British Government had evinced every anxiety and purpose to alleviate the condition of the colony, and more especially by the desire to bestow upon it the full benefit of free institutions: the Colonial Secretary urged in strong terms that the officers sent out from England were in every respect the best friends of the colony, and expressed his determination to oppose the motion. The motion was afterwards put to the vote, and lost. After a discussion upon the petitions which had been presented against the Grants' Bill, the third reading of the Road Act was moved by the Attorney- General, and, being put to the vote, was lost by a considerable majority. The Council resumed in committee upon the Dog Act, when, after passing one or two clauses, the third reading was postponed till to morrow (this day). The Council then went into committee upon some amended Bills of but little importance, the result of which, however, we shall report in our next, and adjourned till to-morrow (this day) at one o'clock. _^_________ 