DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. GREAT PUBLIC MEETING TO OPPOSE LORD GREY'S INTENDED ALTERA- TION IN THE CONSTITUTION OF THE COLONY. In pursuance with the arrangements made by the Committee appointed to draw up resolutions and petitions to Her Majesty and both houses of Parliament, with îespect to the de- spatch of Earl Grey, and the changes in the Constitution of the colony proposed therein a public meeting was held at the Victoria Theatre on Wednesday afternoon, to adopt such reso- lutions. The pit and boxes were densely thronged, whilst the stage, on which the more active movers in the matter were assembled, was crowded with the most influential gentle- men of the colony, of every shade ol political opinion. At about half-past two, Dr Dobie moved that the Right Worshipful the Major do take the chair. Mr. Francis Macartkuu seconded the mo- tion. Carried. His Wo us u ii" having taken the chou, opened the business of the meeting. The subject on which they had been c died together, was the despatch ot Earl Grey, relative to certain pro- posed changes in the constitution of the colon). That despatch it would presentí) be his dut) to read to them, in order that they might fully understiud the objects, and appreciate the im portance of the present meeting. He should detain them w ltri very few remarks, for the various resolutions which formed the basis of the petition, would be mo\ ed and discussed by gentlemen of fur greatei ability than him- self. But he could not but express his own opinion, that the changes proposed in the despatch were such, that no good could be expected from them, whilit to carr) them out must cause those disturbances and confusions so dangerous to the political welfare oi a state. Had the plans of Earl Grey with regard to this colony been fully developed, there might have been no occasion for the pre- sent meeting ; but the document was so vague that they were left unacquainted with the ac tual form ot their new constitution. It seemed, however, that it was intended to m tioduce a tortn of government similar, it not identical, w ith the constitution lately given to New Zealand. Suchaloim would not only be most unjust to the colonists , but it could not work well. It would indeed be a piece oi class legislation, disastrous in its results The legislators ot the country were to be elected oiú) by the elected for the Distiict Councils whilst the right ot representation by the mem- bers ol their own choice would be taken from the people altogether. Then they wcie to have two legislative houses ; so that neither could be independent One of these was to be a Council of nominees appointed by the Crown, and of course dependent-onl) on the Government, and the other house, subservient only to the District Couucils, by whom its members w ould be elected. The elective franchise, therefore, which had been so recently conceded to them, would be entirely, destroyed, and that against the assent of the people themselves. With these few remarks he would beg to read the despatch of Earl Grey. The despatch having been read, Mr. Nohton rose to move the first resolu- tion. He was sorry that, in moving this reso- lution, that the task had not fallen on some one who could not have felt more deeply its truth ard importance, but who might with greater abiht) have expressed more strongly than he could his ¡»ense of the evils about to be inflicted on the colon) b/ her Majesty's Mints ters, The resolution he had to move was as jouons : That this meeting views the proposed chango in the Constitution ot the colon t, indicated b) tlio despatch of the Kight Honorable the Secretary of State for the Colonies, now before the public, muli the utmost appre- hension and durna) The ..entiments contained m this resolution must, he was sure, carr) with them those ol every smceie well-wisher of the colony. Step by step had concessions of political rights been made to the colon}, and on this gradual pro- gress tow ards civil liberty, many people had been led to emigrate, in the full belief that they were coming to New .South Wales to enjoy those privileges which aro the birthright o. Englishmen, to a land free from political abasement, a land worthy ot the parent coun trj by which it was founded (Cheers) First, they had their old Council granted to them, freeing the colony irom the absolute control of the Executne. Then the) gained the gionous boon of trial by iiiry, mid at last they gained their present constitution, by which the mern- I bers ol the legislature were mado personal!) responsible for their acts to the people who elected them. And now tlus right o» i enfranchisement was to be taken from thom, ' not because they asked for it, not because it I had not worked well, for he contended the ' Council had done its duty, ~*md in the ciforts it, had made, loyally and honestl) it had done its dut) to the counti) True it was that all its mt. isuns mi0ht not bl wiii-weio not fuc from errors, but it must bo lcmombcicd how slioit their seison of political education had as jet been The public mmd icauiied to be disciphmd before it could be expected to inter with pu feet correctness into all the dilails ot ixptiiiuud legislation-but he did believe, and the colony would rr icho his belief, t'mt in all their measures the representatives of tin colony had been actuated bv a deep sense of duty to the colony, nnd to the parent country Dieri was one conunung prool that the pre sent Council had worked well, had dom. its dut), and it must bo satisfactoiv to the mem beisofthat Council to know, that nlthough now the constitutional rights which the) had so energitnall) pio'ected, wire about to be torn lrom thim, that ni the exercise of then functions, morl) e\ery measure the) had pissed had received the assent of the !. nglish Ministi) What pretext then could exist for altering this constitution, when neill) all the measures it hud gn en hirth to were approved of b\ the En¿h«h Government, and those that were not so approved, showed onl) howgrosslv a nnnistr) m bowning street, If 000 miks iwi\, could eu m forming any opi mon of the good or eui of nnv mea ures for this colon) lhere wai the Lien on Wool Bill, i measure, which perhaps as much as any measure e\ei parsed, hndbene fitted the colon), had m fact saved it nom dis truction, had twice been disallowed bv the Home Government It did occur to him, when Her Ma] est) s advisers first refused to assent to this measure, that »hey might hav e fancied that the colonists wore the best judges of the circumstanies in which they were placed, and of the remedies to be applied to them But, no, the Munster found out that the Bill so bindi cialm its provisions must be disallowed m some crotihet ol its not being consistent with Lnglish law, although he had nev tr v et bien able to maki out on what points it was incon sistent with an) Ln0hsh law whatever But when it was disapproved of anain, it did occur to him most iorcibh, that neither the wishes nor the interests, nor even the distresses of the coloni ts were mitta: of much concern or moment to Her M »jost) s Ministers And now that the constitution they possessed, and had bien tried and found to work well, when thev w ero looking iorw ird to still further ion cessions than those which hid been airead) made to them, they were threitened with the measure which would pince them in a worse position than that in which they stood twent) )eais af,o Hie Minister must know that e\ on if DLstrict Councils could bo carried mto effect here, that although th" parties elected might be very upright, honour ible, and honest men, they would be men to whom it would be entireh unht to trust with tin sole control ol the ehctive franchise There was, howevoi, one argument of more impor twee th in all the rest to be urged against the miasurc, and one which was of itself sufficient to induce the colonists to resist ni an) possible wa),-nnd that was that the constitution it was proposed to gue them was perfect!) diffcientto that of the pirent empire It was a perfect noveltj m legislation, and oflerfd no precedent b\ which to test its good or evil Whether it were a good measuie or a bad one, it had this dangeious defect attachmg to it, which ought tn in 1 r>n ni] inner pirpfnllv to chilli It namely, that there wns nothing in past experi- ence to guide them in the working of it,-a de- fect which would counterbalance any advan- tages it might possess. In such a measure they had placed the light, if light there were, at too remote a distance to allow the mind to be illumined by it. But if this innovation were not suited to England, how much stronger the objection to trying it here, when the Mi- nister at home was perfectly ignorant of the circumstances of the colony. Where it was urged by one Minister that the Ure should not be allowed to do its work of devas- tation on the grasses of the country, whilst the island of Cockatoo was appointed the place to which all the mass of prisoners should be Sent. These were the lights by which they were guided in their profound' legislation for this colony. Who could contemplate the vast wastes of the colony not yet redeemed from tho wilderness } Who could contemplate the re- cent discoveries of mineral treasures, probably richer than any in the- world r Who could contemplate the droughts which devastate» tho colony r Thousands and thousands of animals, the very wealth of the colony, perishing from their effects- without feeling the deep convic- tion that in tills country, of all others, legis- lature to be effective, must be present and im- mediate. (Cheers.) That the legisftture should be made by those who had a deep in- terest in all the concerns of the empire. He felt that it was so important to the interests of the colony and of England that the fullest en- quiry should be made into the circumstances which' ought to guide legislation - that the colony ought to have its own representative in parliament. Then they would not have the freest government in the world making laws, that he would not say would be disapproved ; but that would actually astound all England if ap- plied to the barreuest waste, the mo3t con üned country ol the empire, (Cheers.) And why were the rights of Englishmen withheld from them more here than elsewhere. If such an innovation had once been commenced in England, the whole country would have been aroused to denounce, and even the very slight- est innovation on these rights so dear to En- glishmen, would probably in its results have threatened to upset the whole constitution. But even if this new scheme could be carried into present effect, how long was it to last. Was it fancied that it could last through the ages which would give to Australia a name and place among the nations of the earth. Till all its wide wastes were redeemed from the desert, till all its vast mineral treasures, which if stamped with a diadem were still applicable to all the purposes of civilized life, were deve- loped ? It was hardly possible to contem plate such au intention ; but if it were so, then it seemed to involve a very serious reflection on her Majesty's Ministers, who mast pro- claim by it, that the English constitution was not fit for her colonies. If it were not so-if it were intended at some future day to give all the noble institutions of their father land to .the colony, what a miserably Btrange perversion of the scriptural command, " Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it." How were they to learn the true working, how were they to leam to cherish and respect, the venerated constitu- tion of their country, if their days of pupillage ( in legislature were to be passed in tfip angry discussions, the constant abuse, which tliis in- fringement on their rights would give rise to. Except by such grosB impolicy and injustice he could alone attribute this proposed change, unless he could venture to attribute it to a mi- serable jealousy of this colony and its rising greatness ; and if so, he knew but one parallel to it in history, and that was of an American law which made it highly penal to teach the unfortunate African to read. Thus debasing I the poor creatures to the condition of a brute, ' to prevent him aspiring to be anything beyond ' a slave. But how miscrable,how short-sighted such a selfish policy. (Cheers.) How much wiser and nobler to endeavour to extend her dominion to every portion of the globe, and look on her colonies an additional countries added to the empire, to carry into the remote ends of the earth, the language, the arts, the sciences, which had grown up under her own glorious constitution, and to plant that consti- tution, and the rights and privileges it gave, wherever British colonisation flourished. A different policy than had heen adopted to America would have made these great colonies, her fervent ally in peace or war, would have secured the con- nection between them in amity for ever. And what advantages would not America have de- rived from the continuance of such a con- nection. In the engagement of the science and art and literature of England, the language of the Americans, now so corrupted and alloyed, would have retained its purity. Her nobles aud her senators would have been educated at British colleges, and the great in- stitutions of the parent country would have flourished again in the generous emulation which would have been excited in the off- spring. But such had not been the case ; but »England should recollect in the contracted and unjust colonial policy she was now pursuing, that the fate of nations was never beyond an ' overwhelming destiny. That" though through her energetic intellect, science had led lier to the most important place amongst nations, yet notwithstanding her resources she might ho bowed and broken before some unexpected tempest. The miserable failures of the crops, which lately caused suffering so intense throughout the empire, ought to be n warning to her : for should that failure have extended throughout Europe, and it had done so twenty times in the annals of history, how advantageous when those supplies failed which neighbouring countries wore accustomed to give her, to be enabled to turn for aid and assistance to her far off colonies, which, under a system of policy which would plant the in- stitutions of the parent country amongst those which would have nothing but the distance of space, between the rights exercised by English- men at homo and Englishmen here, would hold out every inducement to immigration, until their mighty resources were fully deve- loped. (Cheers.) Most nations had gone down in the world, and England might yet be doomed to share their fate. He did not say that any had been her equal in resources and greatness, but that they stood in their daymuchin the position she at present occupied in relation to the vest of the world. Lot the colonists then show to the people of England that they were fit toe ivjoy those privileges which the Constitution of England made their innliomiblc right. That they knew how to choose between slavery and freedom, and would not tamely submit to have their liberties ttiken from them, or endure in silence the scourge of the oppressor. (Cheers.) Mr. James Martin could assure them that it was a most high gratification to him on looking round at that meeting to seo men of so many different opinions, whose political views were in general so hostile to each other, assembled to make* common cause in resisting the measure sought to bo in- flicted on them by Earl Grey. He was sure that on no previous occasion, however urgent, had many of the gentlemen around him over acted in concert. But he was not surprised to seo them now, for they were called on to act as Englishmen in resisting an oppression that would put an end to evervf thing worthy the name of liberty, On such an occasion us the present it was difficult to preserve that moderation in language, in which all such great and momentous questions should be discussed. If the measure hud been pro- posed to them for their consideration und acceptance, it would be enough to excite their just indignation to imagine thom base enough not to scorn it ; hut how much worse was their position, when they yet scarcely knew that Earl Grey had not already carried his views into effect without even the appearance of asking for the assent of the colonies. There was an ambiguity in the despatch of the Secretary of State which left it extremely difficult to determine what course he intended to pursue. At the close of the despatch he found the following paragraph : What I liavo written will, however, I trust, bo suffi- cient to relieve tho anxiety of the public mind In New South Wales, respecting arrangement« pregnant with results so momentous to that part of Her Majesty's dominions, and therefore so deeply interesting to every ? other member of the widely extended empire over which Her Majesty reigns. It will be no slight relief to the responsibility of proposing such a change, to find myself in possession of the most completo local intelli- gence, and supported by the opinion of tho most eminent local authorities. From the first part of this extract it would seem doubtful whether Earl Grey wished the colonists to give any opinion on the matter at all. If he did so, why did not he candidly and openly send the despatch to the Governor to he ut oiicr published, and thus elicit public opinion upon it. In the latter part, however, he states that ho wishes his opinions to be confirmed by eminent local authorities ; and what authorities would he have if he re- ject that of the chosen representatives, who have utterly repudiated the 6ystem of District Councils, on which the notable scheme rests. Heading the despatch, and looking at its tone and tenor, there could be no doubt that the proposed innovation in the constitution was a blow levelled at the Legislative Council, and that it was not proposed from any abstract good in it It arose not from the spontaneous belief in the Minister's mind that it would be an improvement, but was traceable, he had no doubt, to the suggestions of Sir George Gipps, who, finding that even backed by the twelve nominees in the present Council, he had been unable to carry his measures against the repre- sentatives of the people, suggested this in- sidious scheme to take from these representa- tive what little power they ever possessed. The gentleman who had preceded him had paid a well merited tribute to the exis'ting Council. The different measures which had been passed by that body might be viewed in difterentlight by persons of different opinions ; but they were the result of an honest sense of duty, and in many instances had greatly be nefittcd the colony. But whatever their acts, the Council had done great good by showing the colony for the first time how public busi- ness was carried on. It had infused into the community a spirit which had never before existed, and which gradually growing up, would fit them for due and proper exercise of all their constitutional rights,-and this of itself was enough to entitle them to respect. That this was the object of the new mea- sure was evident: for it was repeated over and over again in the despatch that the Council had got all the power, and there- fore it was proposed to erect two houses of legislature, one of which should be composed of nominees of the Crown only, which should stand between the representatives and the Government. The question of whether two houses were better than one, might be dis- puted. In an independent country, perhaps it was so. But here they had no materials for the constitution of a second house. They were dependent for its constituents solely on the will of the Government, which would give it a very different position to that occupied by tlie House of Lords at home. Far better for them to keep the constitution they had at present, which had as yet worked well, and had not been found fault with by the colonists. There were two prominent points of objection to the proposed change, to which he would briefly advert ; first, the continuation of District Councils ; and, second, giving those bodies power to elect the legislature. Now the ex- pression of the opinion of the Legislative Council, in regard to the first of these points, ought to have convinced Lord Grey, if ho were sinceie in his expression of a wish to be supported by the opinion of local authorities, that such a measure must be most distasteful to the colonists. In spite of all the exertions of the legislature, the earnest , desire evinced to bring these bodies into ex t istence, not one of them had as yet performed ' any one of the duties that were designed for them in tile Constitutional Act. The Legisla \ tive Council had from the first resolutely set \ their faces against investing them with power to exercise those functions which they were ; intended to exercise. They would have no- thing to do with District Councils, and had told the Secretary of State so, distinctly and emphatically ; and after having been called into being 'five years, not one had exercised any of its functions. One indeed of these in- stitutions, which had obtained for itself a most unenviable notoriety, had appeared to sustain an existence-the Parramatta,-but he denied that even this one had exercised any of its le- gitimate functions. It was intended that Dis- trict Councils should have powers to assess property, and mak% rates and taxes foi divers purposes,-not one of which it had performed, and therefore was virtually defunct. But with the full knowledge of all this, the British Government persevered in the endeavour to loree this measure down the tin oats of the colonists. But the more important view in which this measure was to be looked at was, the establishment of the position of constituents and representatives between these bodies and the legislature ; or what was in other words virtually'taking from the colonists the privilege of the elective franchise. There was no pre- cedent whatever under the British constitution for a measure like this. True it was that be- fore the passing of the Reform. Bill, certain limited bodies and corporations did send mem- bers to Parliament ; but it was a right they did not possess under the constitution, but which they liad usurped in the gathered corruptness of ages. But even if it existed before the pass- ing of the Hcforin Bill, any such right had been repealed*; and under the constitution as it now stood, no member of the legislature could be eiectcd.by mere local bodies, butraustbe elected hy the groat body of electora. It was urged i indeed, by Earl Groy,'in his* despatch, that it' was proposed by this measure to assimilate tho constitution'of these colonies to that of tho old American colonies. There was it specious policy in this,, os it was generally imagined that the constitutions of the American colonies were frt e and bused on that of Great Britain, When he first rend the statement of Earl Grey, ho must ncknovvlcdgc that it did startle him a little. Ile thought he knew something, had read somothing of the history and constitution of the old American colonies, but he certainly remem- bered nothing in it at all resembling that which it was proposed to inflict upon this colony. But when ho reflected the weight which such an assertion should have coming from a person in the high and responsible position held by his Lordship, a position which could not bo held without the possession of at least much talent and hesitation ; he perused and referred to the authorities on the subject, and in the very highest that could be adduced, that of t Judge Storey, he found the following pits-' hage : The American pcoplo had long been in the enjoyment of the privilege of electing, at least.onc branch ot the legisla- ture, and, in some ol the colonies, of electing all the branches composing the legislature. A house of re- presentatives, under Mirions denominations, such as a house ot delegates, a house of commons, or, simply, a house of representatives, emanating directly from, and responsible to, the people, and possessing a distinct anti independent legislate o authority, »as familiar to nil the colonies, and was held by them in the highest reverence and respect. They justly thought, that as tho government hi general should always have a com- mon interest with the people, and bo administered for their good ; so it was essential to their rights and liber- ' ties, that the most numerous branch should hare an Immediate dependence upon, and sympathy with, the people. There was no novelty in this view. It wa« not tlio mere result of a state of colonial dependence, in which their jealousy was awake to all the natural encroachments of power In a foreign realm. They had drawn their opinions and principies Irom the practice of the parent country. Thoy knew the Inestimable valuo of the house of Com. moni, as a compound branch ol'the lliitish 1'iirllament ; and thoy believed that it had at all times furnished the best security "gainât the oppressions of tho Crown and the aristocracy. While tho power of taxation, of re- venue, and of supplies, remained in the hands of a popular branch, it waB difficult for usurpation to exist for any length of time without cheok ; and prerogative must yield to that necessity, which controlled at ones 11 the sword and the purse. No reasoning, therefore, was necessary to satisfy the American peoplo of the advan tagos ot a house of representatives, which should emanate directly from themselves ; which should guard their interests, support their rights, express their opinions, make known their wants, redress their grievances, and introduce a pervading popular influence throughout all tho operations of the government. Ex- perience as well as theory had settled it in their minds, as a fundamental principle of a free government, and especially of a republican government, that no laws ought to be passed without the co-operation and con- sent of the representatives of the people, and that these, representatives should be chosen by themselves without the intervention of any other functionaries to intercept or vary their responsibility. This was the account given by the great American jurist of the constitution of his country, previous to the revolution ; and it was a direct and authoritative contradiction of the assertion made by the Earl Grey that his scheme of double election was at all similar to that which existed in tho British colonies in America. Speaking of the advantages of this system of direct representation, as applied to the election of the members of tho lower House of Congress, Mr. Justice Storey has the foi lowing most conclusive arguments . The cholie, too i» to be made immcdmtely by tlicm «o that the power is direct, the influence direct, and the responsibility direct. If any intermediate agency lind been adopted, such as a choice through an eleotoial college 01 by official personages, or by select and ape ci»lly qualified functionaries pro hae ti«, it is obvious thattho dependence oi the representative upon the people, and the responsibility to them would have been tar less felt mid fur mi re obstructed Influence would have naturally grownup with pitronugo, and here, »s in many other cuses, tho legal maxim would have applied causa próxima, non remo/«, «pecfadir file select bo ly would have been at once thopitrotis mid the guides of thu representative und the people themselves lime become the instruments of subverting their own rights and power The indireot advantages from this immediate agency of the people in tho choice of their representatives aro of incalculable benefit, and deserve ablief mention in this piuco, because they furnish us with ninttcr for most serious rellcction, in regard to the actual opérations and influences of re publican governments In the first place, the right confers an additional sense of personal dignity and duty upon the mass of the people It gives a strong direction to the education, studies, and pursuits of the whole community It enlargts the sphero of action nnd contributes, in a hh,h degree to the formation of tho public manners and nau mai character It pro- cures to the common peoplu courtesy and aytnputh) trom their superiors, and diffuses a comm m conti dence, as well its a common interest through all the ranks of society It awakens a desire to examine, and sift, and debute all public proceedings, and thus nourishes n lively curiosity to acquire knowledge, und nt ti i same time furnishes the mean« of tnitifviiy it i'lie proceedings and debutes of the legislature the conduct of public officers from the highest to the lowest, the character and conduct of thcexeiutive and his ministers the struggles, Intrigues, and conduct oi dictèrent parties, and the discussion ot tho great publie mensures and question«, which agit ite and di\ ide the community, are not Only-flee Weam assod, ami thus improve and eleiatc conversatios"f\but they gradually furnish the mind witb safe and solid tdvterials for judgment upon «11 public affairs, nnd check that impctu islty and rashness, to which sudden lui) ulses might otherwise lead the people when they aro artfully misguided by selfhli demagogues and plausible schemes of change No person could read that reasoning with ' out bung convinced oí its propriety, but what did Eail Grey s constitution propose to do ? to take away the elective franchise-to give them no control over in» legislature, except b) electing District Councillors- to make the re- presentatives, not responsible to the people 01 to the Councils, for such would be the effect He vvoidd refer to another authority on this point, and one which would alwa)s guide them aright m constitutional matters, the authority oi Edmund Burke - With } ou there is little or miller no connoxlon be tween the lust representative and the first constituent flic member who goes to the National Assembly is not chosen by the people, nor accountable to them lhere arc three elections before he is chosen-two sets of m igistraiy intervene between him and the primary assembly, so as to render lum, as I lune said, in am bissudorof a state, nnd not tho representativo of the peoplo within a itute By this the whole spirl' of the election is changed., nor can any eorreetive which your constitution mongers have devised render him any thine, else than whut he is Hie very attempt to do it would inevitably introduce a confusion if possible roora hoi rid than the present There is no wuy to make» connexion between the original constituent and the representative but by the circuitous means which may lead the candidate to apply Iii the first in stance io the primary electors, in order that by their authoritative instructions (and something more per hups) these- primary electors muy force the two succeed ing bodies or electors to make a choice agreeable to theil wishes Hut this would plainly subvert the whole «chôme It would be to plunge them back into that tumult and confusion of popular election, which, by their interposed gradation ot elections, they mean to avoid, and it length to risk the whole fertune of tho state, with those wiio have the least knowledge of it, and the least intoiestin it This is ii perpetual di lemma into which they are tin own by the vicious weak, and contradictory principles they have chosen Unless the people break up and level this gradation, it is plum that they do not at all substantially elect to the assembly- indeed, they elect as little in appeal ance as reality What is it we all seek for in au election ? To answer its real purposes, you must first possess the means of knowing the fitness of jour mun , und then you must retain some hold upon him by per soual obligation or dependence 1 or whut end tra these piimary electors complimented or rather mocked with a choice t They can uovor know an j thing of the qualities of lum that is to serve them, nor hits heany obligation whatsoever to them Of all the powers un tit to be delegated by those who huve any real means of Judging that most peculiarly unfit, s what relates to a pernonal choice In ease of abuse, thiit body of primary electors never can call thereptcseu tative to un accouut for his conduct He ia too far removed from them in the chain of representaUon And a little further on the same great states- man adds th us- as m the end all the members of this elective con- stitution are equally fughivi, nnd exist onlv for the election, the) may be no longer the same persons who had chosen him, to whom he is to be rcspotibible when he solicits for i renewal of his trust i'o cali all the secondary electors of the Commune to account is ri diculous, impracticable, and uujust, they may them selves llave been deceived in their choice us the third set of electors, those of the department may be in theirs lu your elections responsibility cannot exist There was one other fact to which he wished to allude, and it was the remarkable fact, that this measure, worse than the totten bo- rough system at its height, was proposed by the sou of a statesman, who for more than halt a century, battled, and battled successfully at last, to abolish these rotten corporations. With these remarks, he begged to second the resolution. (Cheers.) Mr. HirKiss, as one of the humbler classes, would beg to say a few words on the resolution. He was not going to oppose it, for he objected to the measure of Earl Grey,' and agreed in most of what had fallen from the gentlemen who preceded him, but as his objections took rather a. different shape, he wished to express them, (Cheers). He objected to it because it would do evil to England, for it never could be earned out. To attempt the constitution of an assembly to legislate lor a variety of colouies, whose interests were totally distinct, would give rise not only to endless dissension and jealousies, and must terminate fatally to the colonial empire of Great Britain. (Chiers). The measure was the child of til« French revo j lution. The same pystero lind revolutinuUi d France, and ho warned them that it must even- tually lead to revolution hero. (Cheers). It was little matter to him whether the measure was adopted or not ; long before its results could bo seen, he should be dust and ashes, but ho warned them to resist this measure to the "utmost, if thoy would preservo their constitu- tional liberty, and avert the horrors of revolu- tion. The mensure would be fatal to tho colo- nists, nnd God send it might not he carried out. (Cheers). The resolution was then put and passed ! unanimously, j Mr. S. A. Donaldson should nppronch the ' duty which had been allotted to him with much fear, did he not know how ably he should he backed by the gentleman who had been appointed to second it-their tried repre- sentative Mr. C. Wentworth. (Cheers.) Feel- ing, however, perfect confidence in the manner he should be supported, and equally confident of the voice of the meeting going in favour of ! the resolution, he advanced boldly to tho I* charge in the true spirit of British soldiers, looking not on the foe before liiin, so long nu he could rely on the rear guard. With regard to the few observations he had to make, he re- gretted to detain the meeting for a few mo- ments, but would promise to be as brief tis possible, and to put his remarks into plain language. In order to make these remarks intel- ligible, he would read the resolution he had to move. It was as follows :- That the proposod measure will have the effect of depriving the colonists of tho electivo franchise, which we maintain tobo our inalienable right as British subjects. It would be seen that in the consideration of this resolution, two points tiiose : first, the effect of this measure in depriving them of the elective franchise ; and, secondly, that such franchise was their inalienable right. Before proceeding to consider these points, it would perhaps be well to see what was the meaning of the word franchise—" to enfranchise" was to make free, and therefore the word " franchise" was the synonym to liberty. Every British subject, high or low, rich or poor, was therefore born with a right—to this franchise, which no one—not oven Parliament itself, could take from him, and which was limited only by the power which created it, and which had fixed on a certain recognised social position as the only qualification necessary to its possession - and possessed of this qualification every man in Great Britain had a right to enter upon the enjoyment of it. Every individual man who has attained that social position, is as capable of enjoying that right equally with the highest and wealthiest of tho realm. It is as free to him as the air he breathes, and such social po- sition may, by honest industry, actuated by a noble desire to obtain this privilege, be attained by the most miserable. As he had before stated, the right once enjoyed could not be taken from any British subject even by Parlia- ment itself, without his own consent ; because, although it might be said, and he would con- cede it for the sake of argument, that Parlia- ment might commit an act unconstitutional in itself, they might rest assured they would be unable to carry any such act into effect. The pressure from without, the feeling of awakened resistance to any infringement on constitutional rights, would be too strong to admit of it for a moment-and the voice of the people whom that Parliament was sent to represent would put a stop to it before any such Bill could be passed into law. The Parliament of England who would con- sent to such a measure would cease to exist before they could perpetuate it without the consent of the electors themselves. Now they had only to import this same argument from Great Britain to Australia. Every British subject resident in Australia, whether horn in Great Britain, or born of British family here, was born with the same right as any British subject at home. This, he hoped, was not denied, for the Parliament of England had themselves recognised that right, and had fixed the social position at which the colonist may exercise that right,-a right which he has already enjoyed and exercised., (Cheers.) He would therefore assert, and ussert it boldly, that having enjoyed this right, of which Par- liament, powerful—aye, nearly supreme as it is-could not, and dare not, attempt to de- prive the meanest English subject, could not take from them that right, without an appeal to themselves. (Cheers.) They must first obtain the consent of the colonists, either by a direct appeal, or through their representatives. He repeated, they could not do this lawfully by the strong hand they might deprive them of their rights, might loree this measure upon them, as they might commit any other act of oppression-in the way, in fact, in which almost every act of colonial legislation had been managed ' at home. The Munster might go down to the House, and propose, and read, mid pass any Bill into law which the Parliament neither knew nor cared anything about - passing it, indeed, as in the case of the Act under which the Legislativo Council of the colony was granted, in a house not numbering forty members. (Cheers.) He must again repeat it, the mea- sure if passed would be opposed to the spirit of the constitution, and would not be law. If passed it would be to the prejudice of rights already granted, which they had nu inalienable and indefeasible claim to. It would be an in- vasion of their privileges, of their constitu- tional liberties, to which they must be lost to all pride, dead to all feeling, sunk to the lowest depths of political wretchedness, if they could . submit without a manful, straightfonv ard, and British protest and remonstrance against a mensure so iniquitous. The very people from whom they sprung would reproach and con- demn for base subserviency it they were silent on such an occasion as this. If this disgusting, this disgraceful law, should pass, let it die ; but let them not be any parties to thc-ir own degradation. The electors' franchise,' which it was now proposed to take from them,' was, as stated in the resolution he held hi his hand, their inalionable right as British subjects. It was their inalienable right, and let no man forget the proud distinction which attaches to its enjoyment'- the connection which he prayed to God might never be disowned between themselves and the mother country. That connexion, the glory of their origin, they would deserve to lose, if they did not speak up fearlessly for the rights and privileges which for ever belong to it. (Cheers.) One of the gentlemen who had preceded him, had alluded to the political education of the colony. Truly had he in- formed them that step by step had they at- tained their present position. That the con- ' cessions which had been made, had buen wrung from the home Government only bjr constant application. But whero they han at- tained the elective franchise, where they had shown how justly they appreciated its value, the use they had made of it, they had a right to expect that unlimited control of public praise 1 would have been conceded to their represcn : tatives, and that the next step on the forward I path would have been, the abandonment of the I schedulp«. Vat far rliff«T«.* v.- --> -.-,.- uu.vii.iiv, uuiTcru, wua mc case. Instead of abandoning the schedules, the present measure proposed to cut away from beneath the fraction of politicul liberty they liad alroady obtained, to take back in 1848 that which was granted in 1842. It had been suggested that this measure did not ema- nate from the Minister. That it had arisen from the suggestions of one, who, though since dead, whilst presiding over the government of the colony, had exhibited a constant predilec- tion for these impracticable institutions of District Councils. He would fain walk ten- derly over the grave of the highminded and the great-would deal gently with de- parted talent; but let them not forget that they too had their martyr in the strife which that predilection caused. But a few short weeks ago, and they had laid in the grave one who had been the unflinching champion of their rights-who had never been absent from his post ; but had battled inch by inch for that freedom which they had now gathered to- gether to protect. (Cheers.) His services in the cause of freedom would not be forgotten. He had passed away, but the memory of his exertions, his labours, his fearless zeal, would I never be effaced from the heart of his country ; and when hi the successful termination of the struggle hi which they were engaged-when in the atmosphere of constitutional freedom the colony should wax great and powerful, in her Hall of Archives, adorned by the effigies of the illustrious dead, a proud niche would be found for the honoured bust of Richard >Vin« deyor. (A hurst of moat enthusiastic cheering followed tho mention of Mr. Windeyer'6 name.) The proposal of double election would deprivo them of tho right of the elective frau. ihise. On this part of tho question hu was obliged to generalize very much": for the studied reserve which characterized all oliieiitl communications, had precluded the Right Honorable the Secretary of State from fully enlightening thom as to the particular infliction under which they were to suffer. But as the main ingredient in the change waa directly pointed out, and as thoy knew from the pub- lished particulars of the neighbouring island of New Zealand that the plan of Lord Grey was to work by the odious system of double elec tion, it would be sufficient for his argument, to show how this would involve the withdrawal of the franchise which they now enjoyed, and which he trusted he had succeeded in showing they enjoyed as a , right. ? Here he would appeal to thoBO who worked those whom ho looked upon as the thews and sinewB of the social body ; and he would adjure them not to bo misled and deceived by the »pcoious seeming and sophistries of any ono who might attempt to persuado them that they would have greater power and influence in the proposed changes. Thoy would have less, for they would lose all control over their representatives, who would bo responsible only to the members of those District Councils who icturned them. Tho nature of the colony too, its scattered population, rendered it totally unfit for the establishment of District Councils. In a country with a concentrated' population such municipalities might work, but even then the grounds to choose a representative for the purpose of making local improvement«, wore entirely different from those which should induco them to elect a representative law- maker. Again, the infallible result of such a close-borough system must be that bribery aud ull sorts of corrupt influence would be brought to bear on elections, with all their concomitant degradation and misery. Slavery instead of freedom, anarchy instead of peace, retrogression instead qf improvement, would pervade, It was their duty to moko a stand, a firm stand, against the odious measure. They had been told of the high-minded sentiments, the noble words which had been spoken in the House of Lords on the subject of colonization. Ho ad- mitted these words wore noble, but practically he feared their effect would bo lost before they reached New South Wales. Like the stone dropped into the centre of a calm lagoon, they knew that by a law of nature the expanding circles would extend to the very bhorcs of the lake, but in so gentle a manner that they were seen and unnoticed. The blast of the trumpet which sounded to the charge would vibrate through the realms of space ; but the distant vibrations were not audible to human ear, and generous and high minded as the principles laid down in the Colonization Heport undoubtedly were, he feared they would scarcely reach this colony. It was, however, to make a firm appeal against this measure, and the promptitude with which all classes of the inhabitants of Sydney had como forward to assert their right« would And a response in tho distant districts. Petitions from all quarters would pour in, and when tat universal feeling was full and firmly expressed, lie trusted the appeal would not - be made in vain. . 'Loud cheerinaO Mr. Wentworth rose to second rho reso- lution, and was received with loud cheers. In appearing before thom, he could not but ex- press his gratification at the warmth of his re- ception amongst them. It showed him that, however in some quarters the courso he had adopted on some occasions had been disap- proved, that they at least gavo him credit lor sincerity and honesty of intention. (Cheers,) In common with many other members of the Council, he had felt some reluctance to tak« any part in these proceedings, because the pro- posed measure being clearly intended as sa attack on the Legislative Council, to reduce its powers, any opposition arising from, its members might be received with, sus- picion by Her Majesty's Ministers, and would hav e but little weight. They would recollect that in the words of the 'despatch, it wai said the Council usurped all the power of the colony, and the object of the proposed measure was avowedly to reduce that power. But when he saw that meeting, thronged ts\ it wat with thousands of all classes and shades of opinion-when he saw them with one voice re- pudiating this charge, he felt that tu units they might without suspicion join in their de- precation of the injustice about to be com- mitted upon them. He denied, the assertion of Lord Grey, that the Council had usurped uny power. Tile Council had done it» bett to ameliorate the condition of the colony, and to give it a larger Bhare of political freedom; but little had it succeeded in doing, r XJur» had sent home petitions and addresses, and lists of grievances on all subjects ; but when the power of the Council wax talked of >-which of all these grievances had been' redressed r Not . single one. But it was absurd to talk of the power of the Council as long as it had not the control of the public purso. What, could iu puny efforts do, when, without its consent, the I Government could tako a sumt of £82,000 for j payment of iu officers ? True, if the Council j had been insane enough-had ao far! forgotten the inteiesta of their constituents, they night have embarrassed the Government by stopping the supplies ; but the sole sufferer« wouw havo been the community, as the payaient of the salaries of the (jovunment woola bare gow on the same as ever. It had beeu Objected to the Council by the Minister, that it b*a not put the District Councils into operation. ' " If that was the objection, why did not th#English Government give life to these bodia«, ia* stead of leaving it to the Ltgialaäv* Council, whose duty it was to refus« to git» them vitality against the uuanimoua with «f the people. With what show oí wisdom aad prudence could the' legislature bato put la operation a new system of taxation when th* colony waa already burdened with impost* te a greater extent than any other country in thi world r Was it not enough that a colony poptabi* ing about 200,000 persons, should ' be taxed te the extent of £300,000? No doubt, to bate burdened the country to the extent of som £40,000or i.50,0,.0 more would have been very acceptable to the Government ; but where wst, the good of imposing taxes when tuen had not a shilling to pay, and the result of which must have been the confiscation to the Crown of ali the lands on which they were levied? ÍCheers.) There -was one peculiarity in ii» espatch of Lord Grey, which was'.1 ki pa * sage in which he speaks of the anxiety oi tbj public íniudiiitheAuatraliancolorüesasfq îltW new arrangements, Now he must ¿pnfess foj his own part, tnat lie should Wee to know in what quai ter thif anxiety existed. He lind never heard that any such change was in con- templation, until enlightened by Lord Grey'* despatch. In what shape or manner the anxiety had been displayed it would be diffi- cult to say. Where were the petitions^ which had gone home on the subject for any altert« tions in the constitution ot the Council. True, it might be that some difference of opinion did exist as to the formation of another house, but he knew of no absorbing, interest taken iff the question. The only abjection, ho had to the present Council was, that it did not posse« power enough. That therestricfions by which it was surrounded, were such as rendered it power* less tor good, and potent for evil. (Cheers.) If the schedules were withdrawn, then the . people, through their representatives, would j have some power, and this was the only changa ( he would advocate in the present constitution, j besides those recommended in the Report of the General Grievance Committee. It ap« poured to him that the suggestions as to tb* origin of this measure were we$-fQ%4ea. , That it had arisen ojit pf the rèpregentatious of | that Governor, when ho found in hisnumer* } ous encounters with tho Council that it w»» ' strong enough to successfully resist measure» which it believed to be detrimental to the in* tercsts of the colony, but which that GoyfFP? j mont obstinately persisted jn fqrPHig MP0,i 'l' ! Finding himself foiled in this, and tmS b* could not always carry into effect the wish* ¡ or instructions of the Secretary of State, M I must have made proposals which the Minist«' j was induced to accept, in order to make th* I Council subordinate to the Government, an« I this was the beautiful scheme they had °°W 1 pooled. The effect of this measure wpuld DPJÄ I deprive them of the right of franchise, but he hoped the people of New South Wales would not submit to be despoiled thus of their inalien- able birtbrigbt, The right of franchise had Íulwayo existed in tho Anglo-Saxon Conntitu« tion, and rraB clearly traceable therein for at 4east u thousand years, ' It was confirmed in -the great charter of Great Britain, and in twenty "Subséquent charters; and finally in the I Petition of Bights, and Bill of Wights at the Revo-1 lution. (Choeis.) It was too a principle that tho rights which theso charter's conferred on.Britisn subjects should bo carried by them into all colonies planted by Grout Britain ; uríil therefore this audacious attempt to take from them the right of the elective franchise was nothing less than a gross invasion of their constitutional rights. They had constitutional Tights to this privilege, and though Parliament had been powerful enough to withhold it so long, it had not any lawful right to do so. (Cheers.) He was glad to find this attempt of | the Minister so unanimously resisted by all classes. It would prove to that Minister that the people of New South Wales were not dead to a sense of their rights. That they wanted not his change ; and prove by their remon- strances now that they never would accept any chango unless asked for by themselves. (Cheers.) He looked with peculiar suspicion on this specious boon, which the Minister so spontaneously offered to the colony. He was ürmly convinced that there must bo home sinister motive at the bottom of it. They had never found the Colonial Office so ready to concede boons when asked, as to be deluded into the belief that they hud now commenced to,grant ! them of their own accord. Ho did not believe there wos any good in it on this ground alone-that if there had been it would ncvor have been offered. The right of fran- chise they had to importune for for more than twenty years, and now they had got it, it wos found to work too well for the Mi- nister at home-to surely effect the ends for which the glorious privilege was v designed, and so forsooth they would take it from them, to give them something they did not want, and had not asked for. The constitution, as proposed by 'Earl Grey, portended tho most disastrous effucts. -It Would result in tho sanio spirit of despotism, of unrestrained bribery and corrup- tion, which existed in France, where the mem- bers of the Legislature were elected by the Electoral Colleges, instead of the mass of the people. Who could doubt the corruptions of a system wliich took the elective franchise from the thousands, who exercised it, to vest it in some two hundred persons, who could at all times be brought under the influence of the Government, and over whom the people would have no sort of control? The same system in France, where the elective privilege was en- joyed by only about 180,000 outol a popula- tion of 40,000,000, hud involved the grossest corruptions and abuses. A system of bribes prevailed by which the Government, with tho means at its command, could always insure a majority in order that they might do as they liked with Prance, and they did do as they liked with that unhappy country. This mea- sure would lead to the same results ; it was founded on the same principle, and he warned them not to be deluded by it, but to scout it. To tell the Minister formally and boldly that they love their constitutional freedom too well not to abhor'his measure, and that they will have none of it. (Loud and continued cheers.) The resolution was passed unanimously. Mr. Michie : If a prize had been offered for a plan for effectually enslaving a community, by some illusory proposition of concession of popular rights, he believed that Earl Grey would in this measure of his have carried off that prize. (Cheers and greatlaughter.) When he (Mr. Michie) left London ho had a vote for that city, and it was now proposed to take away that right, of which, if any Government or Parliament attempted to deprive the meanest citizen there, the empiro would rise as one man to resist and punish tho base design. (Cheers.) It was said by some of the pro- ceeding speakers that there were parts of the despatch which should be touched tenderly, as there might be differences of opinion about them ; he was actuated by no such scruples. He could see no part of this most notable scheme which was not most unwise and most wicked and unjust, and therefore in the few remarks he had to make he should not feel called upon to approach with bated breath any thing that had emanated from his Lordship. (Cheers.) The whole scope and drift of the scheme was, that the inhabitants of Now South Wales should have no vote in tho election of their representatives, except through the me- dium ot these District Councils. That these impracticable municipalities were to be the only means by which the voice of the people could bo brought to bear upon the legislature, and the members of these bodies the only persons in the community to whom it would bo safe to Mistrust this duty of election. (Cheers.) Now what was the occasion of this change ? It had been suggested that the Council us at present, possessed too much power. Whatever power they might possess, it did not seem as yet that they had ill-used it, or that the colonists were at all dissatisfied. But if, in the infancy of free legislative institutions in the colony, that legislature should be somewhat crude, rash, or incautious, who could suffer by it but the colony-who so interested in trying to euro tho defects in it as the colonists alone affected by it ? Are the colonists so void of common sense and intelligence as not to be able to sec whether a scheme of legislation works beneficially or not. While then they had tried the present constitution, they lound it work well-they found no fault with it-they asked no change in it, and why fly to this system of District Councils ? Why turn from the smaller evils of our present condition, "to fly to others that we know not of?" (Cheers.) But ' the District Councils and the annihi- lation of the elective franchise were not alh This Would not be a sufficient restric- tion on popular influence, and so they must have a Legislative Council of Crown nominees, to sustain.tho Government influence. But where were the materials to come from in a colony like this? Was it supposed for a mo- ment that such a body would . bo in any way analogous to the House of Lords ? Where would they find learned lords to guide their decisions ? Where would they find any fifteen Judges io direct their councils ? Those elements would be entirely wanting. What substitute would they find for them? He should propose that such nn assembly should ponsist of the entire city magistracy, (roars of laughter,) and perhaps to make the thing com- plete, they should have the Judge of the Court of Requests sitting on a woolsack as a substitute for the Lord Chancellor, This was the scheme dished up for New South Wales. This gross piece of political quackery. He intensely ab- horred quacks of every description, whefher tiley were quacks medical, quacks legal, or fjuapks political. But of all quack schemes never was one that equalled this. Ho looked upon it as a lund of political Holloway'» pill, (Great laughter), which Doctor Grey was to administer to cure all the diseases, including the excess of power of the .Council, under which the colony laboured. ' They would seo the colony figuring morning after morning as a kind of a set-off to the Earl of Aldborough. *'New South Wales cured'by Grey's Hollo way's pills, administered with the District Council ointmenC-Militant .Vu-g^ter.) Ho did at first fcause whether it were not uscAsaw, to take any treasure of resistance, as he ques- tioned whether they might'ùready be politically j dofpnet ';' but more mature reflection had con- vinced him that standing as they did, as it j were between life, and d'.ath, it was thur duly to poirje forward energetically and determinedly, In order tnat it might not bc'-hrqwn in tilt; teeth of those good men and true who would have to fight their battle on the floor ot Parliament, that they had not sought to avert this evil. The Minister of England knew very well that $>e people of Ifpw South Wales know their rights Very well, and if they neglected to peti- tion and protest .and remonstrate, it would be argued that either they under- stood this measure, and uccepted it, with all its evils ; or that knowing them, and anxious to avert them, they were content poli- tically to die, and mike no sign. True they S' light 4i" present ba a kind of political ghost, utit might be the I' ill' had "not yot pftbsed. They knew that a Whig Ministry was in ; but they also knew that Whig Ministries of :late years had been very short lived ; and if Mr. Gladstone should have returned to power, after the unceremonious manner in which his pew settlement of North Australia had been dispose? of, he would not be likely to he over tender in slaughtering these little innocents of District Councils a£ my Lord Grey. (Cheers and groat laughter.) But. whatever tho poli- tical squabbles of ministen might be, it was nt least a comfortable reflection that when Whigs and Tories fell out, putiunt undsufferingpeoplo got their own. The resolution ho hud to pro- pose, wos Th« In consequence of the dispersion of ft lar jo portion uf tile iiiliulutniits ol this colony, any mensuro establishing municipalities similar In principtc tr> lliu Ilistrlrt Councils, attrmptiil lo bp created by til« Act of Parliumcut, 6 mid « Vic i orla, cap. 7ß, would be so rep uf! nu nt. to tile, wishes, and so adverse io tim in- terests of this cuminnnlty, that it is utterly imponiiblo j that it could over be brought Into effective operation. Dr. Wallace seconded the resolution. Mr. Oaki:s felt it his duty to como forward to make some observations on the reflections that had fallen from some of the speakers in reference to District Councils, particularly that of Parramatta, of which he was a member. (Great laughter.) It was not truo that the Parramatta District Council had done no good. It had done a great deal of good. (Cries of sit down, and go back.) It had not only expended money, (tremendous laughter,) but it had spent it well and advantageously to the district. But although he felt bound to stand up for the dis- trict Council ol' Parramatta, he no moro ap- proved of the present mensuro than any one pie sent, and should most strenuously 'resist it. The District Council at Parramatta lind done their duty ; but they wcro not fit to be trusted with the election of members of the Legislative Council. (Cheers.) ' The motion was then put and carried unani- mously. Mr. James Macarthur would endeavour to compress the observations he had to make into the least possible space, us he saw the meeting was getting rather impatient, and the hour too was growing lato. The resolution ho had to move was as follows : - That the colonists protost against being thus mad« the subject of thcorotleiil experiments in hglsbition, ond are anxious.to enjoy a form of no vernmeat founded as nearly as circumstance» will admit upou the principles of the British Constitution. This resolution enumerated two distinct pro- positions, both of which he intensely felt the importance of-he contended, and would over j contend most zealously, that every British subject had a right to enjoy those constitu- ' tiomil privileges which had at all times been so ? dear to Englishmen. Though an Australian by birth, he felt that ho had a right to stand there and lift up his voice to denounce this most fatal measure. He had a right to reflect back upon the parent country, the ignominy and the shame she would inflict ujion Austra- lia in daring to offer such a scheme for en- slaving her - aye, a prouder light than had any noble peer who could consent to such a proposition. He cared not whether this scheme emanated from a Grey or from any one else, but he protested indignantly against it as a flagrant breach ol' British law. The constitu- tions of all the colonies contain provisions that the local legislatures should not pass any Act repugnant to British law. How, then, could any Minister attempt to insult this colony with an Act, by which the first and highest principle of the British Constitution would be violated ? He, however, laid not all the blame of this atrocious measure to Earl Grey, although as Colonial Minister he had alfixed his name to the despatch, and of course must be- held responsible for it. There was, as they all knew well, a behind-the-scenc influence in Downing-strcet, where a Air. Nobody or a Mr. Somebody were all-powerful, and who, foisting measures to serve his own purposes on the Minister, then left lum to fight his dirty battles for him. He did not believe that Sir George Gipps had been the author of the measure, although it might be from his pre- conceived impressions formed in Canada lie might have strong prepossessions in favour of these District Councils. But though a system of municipalities mi^ht be very well suited to Canuda and the American colonies,-although ho had never been able to find anything analo- gous in the American municipal institutions to those Councils, they would bcuttcrly imprac- ticable here. It would be impossible to work thom even under the present Act, far less under the much worse proposition of Euri Grey. It had been urged by Mr. Oakes that the Parramatta Council had worked well, but he must say that he agreed with Mr. Martin, that it had not performed any of the functions for which it was designed. It was true it had effected much good by spending money derived from tolls, and which must have been spent by some one, better than it had ever been '»pent before. But it was impossible to find in America, or any other colonies, any sucn bodies as were pro- posed to be formed under this measure, and endowed with the sole power of electing members to the Legislature. Mr. Martin hud quoted from Storey, the very highest authority, from which they found that the principio did not exist, and never did exist. lu addition to the authority already quoted, ho would read an extract or two that would confirm them, and show the folly and danger ol' constructing constitutions on mere theoretical principles. He quoted from Chalmers' Annuls of the United I Colonies of America :- ' Lord Baltimore, tho father of lils province, having lived to enjoy what few men ever possoss, the fruit of tho tree, which his own hands had planted and watered, died In the beginning ot 167ti, covered «¡eli agu and reputation, In the 44th year of his government. Too honest a man to scatter tho idle théorie» of tho pro- jector amoug the million, lie published no scheme of ideal commonwealths to delude his followers ; and ton wise not to murk the solid texture und excellent ba- lance of tho Uti|/llsli constitution, he resolved to build upon its pian and to rear that of Maryland with all possiblo coiuimilarity. After a few gradual changes, proceeding from the increase of population und alteration of circumstances, that form wa« soon established which lias happily con- tinued to the present time, (1780). lu the Governor, the Council, and House of Representatives, we see the King, the Lords, and Commons of Kngland in minia- ture. He should be glad to see two houses erected when they were fit for it ; the principle he thought a piece of justice, but they were not tit for it yet. They had no materials for an upper house, and could not have for very long to come. lu the same author he found the following, in relation to the constitution of South Carolina, and Pennsylvania, and also of Maryland : - Tims nt the end of twenty-three years finished the labours of Locke, thus was abrogated upon the requisi- tion of the Carolinians, who had scarcely known one day of real enjoyment, a system of laws intended to retuaiu for ever sacred, but which tar from having | ans« erod their end, Introduced only dissatisfaction and disorder. The Carolinian annals shew all projectors the vanity of attempting to make laws for a people, whoso voice proceeding from their principles, must ever be the supremo law. The theoretical frame of government introduced by I'enfi, underwent a similar' futo to the ifo less miprac I ticablo constitutions of Locke, It was at ouce lound j Inapplicable to the condition of the colony, and after a variety of alterations, which did not amend it, it was at length wholly luid asido, and n simpler form estab- lished. What happened to both, oller this instructive lesson to mankind-to be content with the principles handed down to them by their fathers, and to bo e.iu tluus how tiley icmovo ancient foundations; in their eagerness to adopt the speculations of theorists. The oonstilution of Maryland was simple, and there- fore solid and. durable. Under it the people enjoyed repose to'the period of the American Revolution. Those ol' Pennsylvania und Carolina were too theoretical to he practicable, too flimsy to prove lasting, too compli- cated to work harmoniously; yet what did honour to the good sense of Calont, has conferred no celebrity on his name, whilst that which wai too wild and specu- lative to bo useful, has acquired the praiso and appro- bation of philosophers. ? He had already adverted to one principle of -«\Vw.vfcl ir.pulati^n, that it must not be repug- nant to Ktigfeh Jw, but- there were other principles wMoh"* <«». tne present measure seemed to be entirely io.^fjuglit, and in rela- tion lo wliicu ho would cite tit;» eminent au- thority of V.r. Justice Halliburton i}*»-.,... '«"".«.hut extrnt the Giitli,n t"stii»ir,ont haev-jjàt» |o ir.Urprvjjti authority, or iimv fa. ¡.¡jc powol-« u.i Coloiiy.l ,w¡,tiüulv em-ads, it W trapos«.. '" .> wi-i.(.'".; , with occur«y. Tuu 2r ¡."¡«coi the cuuk - "fttJ¡a one and the indspoiidoiirc "I :r»' otlmr bt- - <'?'< .nr times been pushed to the eun-i' hy iho a:'.- -<vi.'.> .' each. Tho true distinction appears to w, '.'»?> I*. ,u>. , mont is supreme in all external, and the OWo- J Assombly In all internal mattara. The unaltcrui ¡e i l.ri't of property has been guaranteed to the oolonit> hythe | Act renouncing the claim of taxation, the 18th george j HI. .. . . Taxation is ours, oom nvrvfal regulation is theirs; tliíi distinction, says a distinguished statesman, is Involved in tho abstract nature of li i»gs. Property is private, individual, abstract ; and It U eon trary to the principles of natural and civil liberty t «>t a mini should be divested of any part of his proi rty without his consent. Trade is a complicated md extended consideration; to regulate the numbor.sks movements of its several parts, «nd to combine them ii one harmonious elTect tur tho good of the whole, i -.. quires the superintending wisdom and en.igy of ti') supreme power of the empire. The colonist ockuow . ledges this supremacy lu allthings, with the exception 01 taxation and of legislation in thos» matters of internal govenimeut to which the Local Assemblies aro compe tent. o » « ¡jut in matters of a local nature the Imperial control if> well secured by the negative of the Governor; by bia standing instructions not to give his assent to any law of a doubtful naturo without a clause suspending its operations until the King's plea, sure be known, and by the, power assumed and exer. 1,i ' ' . a : ? .' . ' (isca of disagreeing to any Uw VfIthtrt three yeus after It had passed tho colonial legislature With theso pro- viso') it is absurd to suppose, whatever may be said to the oontrary, that the local assemblies aro not supreme within their own jurindiouon ; or that u peoplo can be subject to two dureront logWaturos oxorcising at thu same timo equal powers, yet not oommunicattng with each other, nor from thoir situation capable of being privy to euch other's proceedings. . «.*«. 1 huvc already observed that the true line Is, that Par- liament li supremo In all external, and the colonial ns. sembllei in nil internal legislation ; and that the colo- nies hn\o a right to be governed within their own j ti. risdiction by their own laws, made by their own internal will. Hut if the colonies exceed their peculiar limits, form other nlliunces, or refuso obedience to the geni'rnl laws for the regulation of commerça or ex- ternal government, In these cases there must neces- sarily l.e a coercive power lodged somewhere, und It cannot be lodged more safely for the eroplro at large than in Parliament, which has an undoubted right to oxercise it in such cases of necessity. From this authority it would be seen that in all matters relating to themselves thoy are the right persons to judge of what is best for them ; and surely in a question of this sort, the bearings of which must be governed so en- tirely by the internal circumstances of the colony, there could be no doubt that the colo- nists were the best judges. Another objection to this system of District Councils was, that in giving them the power of double election, tho little good that was previously in them would bo destroyed, and they would become tho mere instruments of all sorts of mischief. It filled him with indignation to see au attempt at speculative legislation of this sort attempted to bo foisted on this colony. He said this not in bitterness ol' spirit, but he trusted that the colony would stand firm and protest against this measure. That they would send their remonstrances and memorials to Hor Majesty's Government to prevent vitality ever being given to this measure. As for tho alter destiny of the colony, ho had no doubt that it would be u bright one. That a long and glorious career was reserved for it ; -but as an Australian, on the part of the colony, he entered his deep and solemn protest against this attempt to subvert its constitutional liberties. Mr. Lowr, rose to second the resolution, and was recoived with deafening cheers from all ports of the house. He had no authority to read to them, but he had one to cite. He «poko to their feelings as mon, us British men, and it needed not that ho should read his au- thority to them, for he well knew that there was not a man in the assembly who ha I not the authority on which ho stood graven upon his heart. That authority was the British constitution. (Tremendous cheers.) He would not refer to any of the constitutions made up on speculation by rash politicians, scheming experimentalists, speculative empi- rics, cruck-brained philosophers, or witty schoolmen ; but he referred to that great and noble constitution, the bulwark of English liberty and English rights, which hail ripened with time, and grown with the growth of ages, beneath the jealous and fostering caro of the wisdom and experience of great and learned men. That constitution which with the lapse ( of time was stable ns the hills, and was justly 1 their pride and honour,-and which in its guardianship of the liberties of the subject had become the joy, the pride, the emulation of the universe. (Cheers.) The resolution he was called upon to second wished to assimilate the constitution of this colony to that of the parent land, and if there was a man among them who refused to assent to it, he would tell him with scorn and contempt he was unworthy of the name of freeman. It was under this constitution that they had enjoyed since a period that could not be traced out, the glorious boon of living under laws made by the men elected by their own choice. This was the principio they were seeking to bring out here ; this was the system which had j been the cherished pride of the Anglo-Saxon race in all its wanderings ; and this was tho only intelligible principle of represcntation,and not the degraded, absurd, nonsensical scheme propounded by Earl Grey. Under this prin- ciple if he were elected to represent any consti- tuency, he should know what to do. He should explain his principles to his constituents, and if they approved of them they would re- turn him, but under this atrocious scheme he could know only the ten jobbers who sent him there, and protect thoir interests, to the injury of the 1000 who might not want lum tit all. This was the constitution they were asked to accept as an extension of constitutional pri- vileges - this miserable counterfeit, by wliich thoy were to be chiselled, cheated, choused out ?iftheir dearest constituttonul right. (Cheers«. Aud how would this famous plan work-what would be its effect, but to give the Government au absoluto control of the Legislature r With the means at the disposal of tho Government, its immense revenues, piucos could be made, honours conferred on theso district councillors to enlist tliem in favour of tho Government, until the elected legislature would cense even to represent their ten constituents, but would become entirely subservient to the Govern- ment. (Cheers.) And what a position for union of honour, education, anti independence to re- present such a body. Before he could descend to such degrading incarniez, such grovelling servility ns to become the delegate of these men, honour, education, and independence, must be alike forgotten. He repented, their delegate, not their representative, for the test of the support of one of theso ten job- bers would be, what could ho do for his son Jack. The power would now all bo given over to thoso tun individuals, and never did an in- stance of such impolicy occur, that the power delegated was not grossly and systematically abused. (Cheers.) He had thought that it wtis the province of good government to provide for peace and not for anarchy, to centrulLze not to federalize. What would be thought of any such attempt to establish this local representation and this principle of double election in any of the counties in En- gland ? It was never attempted in England or in any of the other colonies, but it was at- tempted hore of all places, where, instead of the land belonging almost entirely to indivi- duals, it nearly all vested in the Crown. Sup- pose such a system were introduced into Corn- wall, there would be a general resistance from fear of ruin. But here money was to bo raised by taxation by these local bodies, to be ex ponded in roads and bridges on Crown lands, in the effort to gull others to come out. There was another point-that the establishment of these local legisla- tures all over the country would give rise to confusion as to the jurisdiction, and endless dissension would be the conse- quence. As others had done, he hnd felt some doubt whether, ns one of thoso oligarchs men- tioned in the despatch, one of those aristocratic giants that grind every thing hore beneath loot, ho ought or ought not to take any part in the proceedings. But when he saw a meeting like the present, which no power of any mem- bers of the Council or their cleputies could have got together, ho felt ho was called upon to take tliis duty on himself. As for tho approval or disapproval of the Colonial Office of the pro- ceedings of the Council, he must say, that looking, as ho did, at auy of the persons con- nected with that office with the most unmi- tigated contempt, he felt their dislike of their proceedings to be an honour, and a proof Lu itself that they had fulfilled their duty to the colony and their constituents. He could only adviso them, that should they ever have a Council on which the sunN of Downing-street favour should slime to take the earliest oppor- tunity of packing such a Council about its business, as a sot of dishonest traitors to the trust imposed in them. (Lvughter and cheers.) Previous speakers had indulged in some specu l.Uvm r.!t to the origin of this proposed mea ' suri*, ¿lui he might perhaps be permitted to :h\\. bl- iwii speculations on the point. When *.!?". Cn;, ituttioual Act was passed, it was at .. .jiiri tti foist these District Councils on tlic "».\Kiiiy, except that the représentatives of the ¡ ~'tp\< it-.'ppcd in to stop these hell-hounds of cmu^»«»ti',n. The legislature would not vote ! these Colji-cilf> the power to levy rates, which would hiive had to bo collected by the Govern- ment, peJ naps at the point of the bayonet, and certainly Uo the utter ruin of the colony. The DowningAstrect people saw that tho Legislature« could discriminate the bad which whs . go mixed up with the i good hi ¡the boon offered, and deter | mined to t'tavo Mts will, they mixed up | the bad witBi the good, so that neither could hu accepted ¡.if both were not. They did what the tyrant of old did, they tied the living to 'he doad-fai toned these inanimate Corpora it ms to tho ç lick vitality of electivo représen- te lion ; and i ven, as Earl Grey proposed, in »i ted on thetr taking what they had before re« i ., . rt v i / . - , 'jeolcd. (Groat ehoora.) This was tho tvftV in j wliich tlio Colonial Office played upon tho i feelings of tho colonists, and; trifled with their dearest rights and liberties. Becnuso ihey hud a spirit of independence- because thoy had feelings of veneration and love for the consti- tution of their forefathers, and wliich conferred on them the some privileges as au inalienable right, they were to bo crushed by this mea- sure, which either by force or fraud was to bo foisted upon them. But if the colonists were of his mind, they would show the Minister that there was a limit beyond which the slug- gish legislation of Downing-streot could not pass. Although they might hoar of their weakness, and relying on the strength of the irresponsible power they wielded, thoy might withdraw the present constitution, and they might inflict upon them tho other- yet there was one thing they could not do ¡ -they could not make them accept the Act and act upon it. They might take the horse to the water, but they could not make him drink ; thoy might tie the millstone round their necks, but they could not make them carry. They might pipe, but the colonists neednotdance ; nud if they would be advised by him, thev would leave this net, this damning proof of Colonial Office tyranny, to rot in its own loathsomeness to put it from thom as a thing accursed, and have no part whatever in working it. (Immense cheers.) If they wore not indeed bastards to the race they sprung lrom, they would never become instruments to their own slavery and ruin ; - they would never, under any sufferings, any sacrifices, surrender that constitutional freedom, fought and bled for by thoir , ancestors, and without which life, to nu Englishman, must be a galling slavery. (Cheers.) He-, for one, would show thom an example, and would de- nounce ns a traitor to his country, as a rene- gade from the spirit of freedom of his race, any person who should, by act or part, by electing, or suffering himself to bo, elected, assist in carrying out tho provisions of this detestable measure. The Colonial Minister might send it, but the colonists might leave it to itself. (Cheers.) Ho disclaimed, in this instance, anything like the policy of making the best of it. Let them leave the wretched offspring of tyranny mid indolence still- born - dead. (Cheers.) Thoy had no power to resist this measure forcibly. It would, indeed, bo idle for thom to measure strength with the greatest power on earth. Out of their weakness grow their strength-they could passively resist, and i let them leavo this act to "them alto- gether-lot them, when they found that the colonists will not accept it, will not on any condition have anything to do with it, will not pollute their souls by putting any of its foul provisions into operation-let them take their scheme back amidst the shouts of ridi- cule which shall reverberate through the em- pire at their ridiculous miscarriage. (Tre- mendous cheering.) He wished to bo under- stood. He did not say this with any hope of averting the evil - he felt perfectly assured in his own mind that the Act would pass, that they would have this slavish constitution forced upon them. He, however, would be no party to it. Ile would not stoop to bo the thing into which my Lord Groy or any other Colonial Minister wished to make the repre- sentative of a British community. He re- peated he had made those observations not in hope, but with the view of pointing out a scheme by which the machinations of those who would enslave them might be defeated ; and he would pray to that God who was always ready to succour an oppressed people, to grant them firmness and patience in the ruin that was impending o'er the colony, that they might not basely and infamously assist those who were conspiring to ruin it. (Tho honor- able gentleman resumed his seat amidst tre- mendous cheering, which wa3 continued for several minutes.) The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. Mr. C. Kbmp said, that those who had read Lord Grey's despatch would observo that the first half of it consisted of arguments respecting the proposed division of the colony, and the erection of Port Phillip into tho colony of Victoria, and then followed theso words : Her Majesty's Government thcreforo hope, in tho next Session of Parliament, to introduce a hill for the division of New South Wales Into two colonies, the northern of which would retuin Its present name, while the southern colony would, by Her ¡Majesty's gracious permission, receive the mime of the proviuce of Vletorlu. The effect of this alteration would bo to render inevitable some changes in the existing consti- tution of tho northern G<.-.cromen*. Whci. detached from clio southern districts, the existing system would reuse, in many respects, to be appropriate and appli- cable to its new condition ; and there appears also to be some particular« in which the practical operation of the present constitution proves that it might with ad vantage be revised. After that, the despatch pointed out the various changes intended, and which had becndwolt upon byprcviousspeakers. Itwould appeivr from this that tho intended separation ol' the colony was put forward ns the reason why these changes should bo made at this particular time, and ho had therefore to move the following resolution : - That the erection of Port Phillip into a separate colony alfords no sufibienc reasons fur such inno- vations. This might appear almost a truism, but for the reasons stated he conceived the resolution ne- cessary. Tho fourth section of the Constitu- tional Act (,5th and ßth Victoria, c. 76,) gives the Legislative Council of the colony power to increase the number of members, alter the electoral districts, and make new ones, the only proviso being that the proportion between the elected and nominated members shall re- main as heretofore -two to one. All,therefore, that will be requisite when tho district of Port Phillip censos to belong to the colony will be for the Legislative' Council to distribute the six members among the districts least represented, and the Government would go on as at pre- sent. Mr. Holden seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr. Cape said, that as the many luminous ad- dresses which they hud heard in support of the previous resolutions, compassing nearly every topic to be considered by tho meeting, had detained them to this late hour, he would not I dwell upon the resolution now to be proposed. That the colonists are entitled to expect that no Important olteratlon in the constitution which they enjoy shall be muda without their previous assent. The changes to which the colonies were so continually subject, from the succession of Se- cretaries and Under-Sccrotaries of State, were, with other events deeply affecting the interests of these communities, forming a history- the history of the colonies, which it was their duty to bear in mind. The moderation and loyalty of the people in this colony could not bo doubted, when under a feeling of such excite- ment as that induced by the despatch of Earl Grey, the resolutions which had boen passed so unanimously, as embodied in the petitions from the people, were only in accordance with the principles of the British constitution. And if unhappily this scheme should, without any reference to themselves, become law, it would be weU that they had had this meeting : for though they may not alter the past.it would bettor prepare them for the future. Mr. Thacker was proud of the humble duty that had been cost upon him of seconding the resolution. He concurred in all that it con- | tamed, and was indeed disposed to go even further, and to say that all alterations and amendments in their constitution should be made by themselves ; and he felt so much the danger of trusting to irresponsible English legislation on the subject, that he had no hesi- tation in saying that he woidd rather trust his liberties to the most despotic government that over existed, than to any g-mtleman at the head of the Colonial Office. (Cheers.) The resolution was passed unanimously. Mr. Alexander moved the seventh resolu- tion as follows : That the following petitions, embodying the fore going resolutions, be presented to Her Majesty the Queen and both Houses of Parliament. Captain llossi seconded the resolution: It was the first public meeting he had over at- tended, but so deep was his horror of the scheme proposed by Earl Groy, that he had felt it his duty to como forward. He agreed with all that had been said concerning the measuro ; but there was one point which he wished to notice, in order that justice might be done to one\vho was now no more. It had been suggested by some speakers, that Sir George Gipps was the author, or lind recom- mended this measure. Now, it had come to his knowledge a day or two ago, that a copy of this very Bill had been sent to Sir George Gipps hy Earl Groy, then Lord Howick, with instructions to confer with Sir John Franklin, then Llontenant-Governor of Van Dicmen's Land, as to the applicability of tho measure to the circumstances of tha colonies. The report that both sent home wa«, that it was not so. (Cheers.) The resolution was then passed. Mr. Edward Cox proposed the eighth resolu- tion, as follows: That (lie petition to her Majesty the Queen be trans, mltted to hit Excellency the Governor, that to the House ot Lord* to the Right Honorable Lord Monteagle, and that to the House of Commons to the Honorable Francis Scott, th« Colonial Agent. Dr. Bland seconded the resolution, which was carried. Mr. Nohtov then proposed, and Captain llossi seconded that the Right Worshipful the Mayor do now leave the chair, and that the same be taken by Mr. James Macarthur. The Mayor having left the chair, the thanks of the meeting for his able and impartial con- duct whilst presiding over the meeting were voted and acknowledged. The-meeting broke up in tho most orderly manner. 