LOCAL INTELLIGENCE ? Bametfa party, at Encounter Bay, succeeded in cap turing a fine whale on Thursday last; and, on the fol lovdngday, the head-men, Hubbard and Barton, suc ceeded in capturing one each, amounting, in all, to thirteen whales taken by the above party this season. In the advertisement of the balance-sheet of the British Destitutlou Relief Fund, inserted in our last, we inadvertently stated that one-fifth of the remittance (£1034 I5s.4d.) was for Ireland instead of Scotland. Our much respected friend and colonist, Samuel Kearne, Esq., of Oaklands, met with a serious accident on Sunday last. Mr Kearne was about to mount his horse, and had just reached the saddle, when the animal plunged and threw him with violence to the ground. Mr Kearne has sustained several deep-seated injuries in addition to a fracture of the left clavicle, and fractures of the ribs on the left side. On Sunday morning, the house of Mr Bonython, grocer, Rundle-street, was entered whilst the inmates were at chapel, and robbed of about £20. Yesterday, as Mrs G. Jarvis was proceeding to town in a dray laden with cheese, she was thrown forwards and seriously trampled on by the bullocks. After being dragged a short distance on the ground, the wheel of the dray ultimately passed over tne back. Mrs Jarvis remains in a most dangerous and critical situation, though hopes of her recovery are still entertained. On Friday last a Total Abstinence Meeting was held in Messrs Berjew & Barford's school-room, North Adelaide. Mr Breeze presided, and the cause was ably advocated by Messrs Mitchell, Cole, Jones, and Smith, which resulted in inducing several to become converts to the society. A burglary was committed at North Adelaide, on Monday evening, about six o'clock, during the absence of Mr Breeze (builder) and family, who were at the Wesleyan Tea Meeting. Some person or persons (not as yet apprehended) broke into his dwelling house, and after making a diligent but fruitless search (for money no doubt) by turning out drawers, boxes, &c;, made: off with sundry articles of wearing apparel. It would ap pear they were much disappointed at not discovering a booty in the shape of cash, as they satisfied their re venge by tearing down the ceiling of one of the rooms. The robbery was early discovered by Mr Breeze's ser vant, who was sent from the chapel with a tea service. The girl immediately returned, and made known to her master what had occurred, who, without delay, reported the case at the Police-office, North-terrace. On Sunday last anniversary services commemorative of the opening of the Wesleyan Chapel at North Are laide, were held in that place of worship The Rev. D. J. Draper preached in the morning, the Rev. J. B. Titherington in the afternoon, and Mr R. Hawkes, a respectable Wesleyan local preacher recently arrived from England, in the evening. The congregations were large, and tne collections towards the liquidation of the debt encouraging. On Monday nearly two hun dred persons sat down to tea, which was most liberally supplied by the female friends of the sosiety. Ample provision had been made, and the smiling faces, and cheerful conversation of so large a party, afforded proof that social intercourse under religious influence is de lightfully promotive of happiness. Shortly before seven o'clock the public meeting commenced, the Rev. D. J. Draper giving out the hymn, and the Rev. J. Long en gaging in prayer. Mr Draper, on taking the chair, re marked that the utmost expectations of' the friends who had contributed to the erection of the chapel, and the fervent hopes of those who, a year ago, assembled there on the occasion of its opening, had been fully re alised, and adverted to the very consider ible increase of the Society and the congregation in connection with it during the year. Mr T. J. Mitchell made a financial statement to the effect that, since the opening services, the pulpit, communion rai1, the excellent cedar forms with backs, and bell and cupold, tfave been paid for. These items had cost about £20 and in addition thereto, the interest of the money borrowed at the B-nk had been met, and £i5 paid off the principal. He further stated, that by aid of the collection on the Sunday and the proceeds of the tea meeting, they would be in a position to reduce the debt to £55, which sum, it had been suggested, might be liquidated by a subscription that evening, acrompany ing the expression of what had been suggested with certain very significant wishes on the subject. The meeting was subsequently addressed by the Rev. Messrs Storehouse and Long, Messrs Peacock, Foster, Mopr house, Smith (of the Gratitude), Hawkes, and Breeze. The speakers dwelt with much point and effect on the nature and advantages of their union and fellowship their attention beingspecially called to the subject by the' circumstance of the speakers belonging to different deno' minations. The meeting was highly interesting, and it8 results most satisfactory. At its conclusion several parties gave their names for sums of money towards th e entire removal of the debt, and about £27 «as thus secured, making the entire proceeds of the anniversary £50 and leaving but about £25 to be provided for. It was stated by the Chairman, that a very eligible piece of land had been purchased in the neighbourhood, for the sum of £50, and it was intended to erect a house for a resident minister as early as possible, a second minister for the city being daily expected, and it being resolved that one shall reside at North Adelaide, as soon as it can be arranged. The Meeting was conclu ded with prayer about half-past nine o'clock* The ceromony of baptism by immersion was perfoi med in the Torrens, on Sunday afternoon, about half past three o'clock, a short distance from the Company's bridge .The day was delightful. The sun shone with summer brightness, whilst the verdure had all the rich luxuriant tints of spring. A considerable number of people assembled to witness the administration of the ordinance, which was impressive in the extreme. The scene and the ceromony would form a fine subject for a colonial Claude. Mr Allen, of North Adelaide, officiated, and although we were separated from him by the river, we heard with, tolerable distinctness his clear and logent exposition of the reasons why that portion of Christ's people preferred baptism by immersion to either pouring or sprinkling, and why they conceived that none but adults should receive the holy rite. The text chosen for the occasion was, ' Go, teach all nations, baptising, &c.;' (Matthew xxviii, 19 20.) The command to teach had the priority of the command to baptize, and the same word which was there translated ' baptize' was in other places rendered ' dip,' as 'dipped the sop and gave it to Judas.*' Again, Dives prayed that Lazarus might *; dip the tip of his finger.' He referred to the sacred author's account of the baptism of our Lord, ' He went out straightway out of the water.'' And in the eight chapter of the Acts of the Apostles there was a clear description of the preparation necessary, 'If thou be lievest with ''all thy heart,' (verse 37) ; and the mode of admnistering the ordinance: 'And they went down into the water' (38th verse), from which passage the preacher argued that a description so minute and cir cumstantial would seem to have been especially intended to prevent the possibility of deviation from the prescribed jbrrnula- Then, again, we were told that 'John was *lsp baptizing in iEnbn, near Salim,' And why ? Because ihere. was much water there, Arid w\y select a place where there was much water, if mb-e sprinkling or pouring was sufficient for the due administration oi the rite ? After advancing other proofs the preacher said thfit the idea of baptizing infants never entered into . our Lord's mind, nor into the minds of his Apostles. The Divine commission expressly stated, ?' Go, teach,' but they cbiiUl.no- teach an infint. According to the ?Bcripjural practice belief or profession was necessary. jptUl, the duty of early .'instruction was incumbent, and ?rneji/natured'and convinced, they would come forward willingly, professing their belief and eager to be baptized. 'There was not one recorded instance in the New Testa joipntof-bapusin -administered to an infant. On -the great occasion recottled in the Acts it when three thousand were baptised, they first 'received the word.' In the 8th chapter and the 12th verse we read that '? when ihey believed,' both men and women, they were baptist d; and in ttie 13th ve«2, Simon's belief and consent ent baptism is d scribed. The 36th 37th and 33th verses, already refei red to distinctly showed that it was necessary (ore fie Christian to come for*ard and profess his faith in Christ. The ninth chapter and the 18th verse mentioned the baptism of Saul, and the tenth chapter related the reception of the Holy Ghost and baptism of the people assembled in the house of Cor nelius, none of whom there was any reason to suppose, were infat.ts. The preacher read the passage referring to Paul and Silas, and the converted Corinthians, with several other passages, not one of which he contended warranted the administration of baptism to an uncon scious infmt. The conclusion of Mr Allen's address which was heard with marked attention. The preacher stated that it was eight years since the first public baptism occurred in the river Torrens ; that since that time he had frequently assisted at similar ceromonies, there and also in England, but he was happy to say that a more decorous and respectable behaviour he never witnessed in any such assemblage before. He then entered the water, and was followed by an apparently elderly female, whom he completely submerged. After a hymn was sung, the people separated. On Sunday, the 3d September, the new chapel erected near Weymouth-street, by the members of the "Chris tian Church," under the pastorship of the Rev. Thomas Playford, was opened for public worship. Three ap propriate sermons were preached on the occasion ; that in the morning by the Rev. Thomas Playford, in the afternoon by the Rev. G. Stonehouse, and in the even ing by Mr A. Forster. Notwithstanding the very im propitious state of the weather the attendance was any thing but thin. One rather uncommon circumstance attending the opening of this chapel, was the discarding the usual custom of 'collections after each service.' We cannot refrain, on this occasion, from congratulat ing the members and friends of Mr Playford on the silent yet practical demonstration they have made of the principle of pure voluntaryism in erecting a neat and substantial edifice, capable of holding aboul four hun dred people, at a cost of £600, without any extraordi nary appeal to the public directly, or indirectly filching from them by receiving 'State support' We under stand the whole of the above sum, with the exception of a few pounds, has been already paid. On the Mon day evening following, the members and friends met to regale themselves with that which ' cheers but not inebriates ,' in the shape of tea and cake. On this occa sion, also, the ' voluntary principle' was in the ascend ant, the entertainment being gratuitous. The guests, about 390 in number, who vied with each other in good humour, after having done justice to the ample supplies of" pekoe and cake,'' were entertained with the speeches of several gentlemen, among whom we noticed Messrs Playford, Forster, Wickes, Rand. 11, Long, Stonehouse, Hawkes, Phillips, and Peacock. At the close of the meeting several friends came forward and made their voluntary offerings in aid of the good cause. On the following evening (Tuesday), the Sunday school chil dren connected with the above place of worship had also their tea meeting, on which occasion they were ad dre-sed by several friends and finally were rewarded with Bibles, Hymn Books, &c;, the recipients evidencing by ' wreathed smiles' the joy that was passing within on receiving the tokens of approbation. The Reverend F. Coyle's lecture, on Sunday the 27th ultimo, at the Catholic Chapel, West-terrace, partook, as before, more of an explanatory than a controversial character. The subject was a very inieresing and com prehensive one, embracing, under the head of Penance, the much-disputed doctrines of confession, absolution, indulgences, and dispensations. The rev. lecturer de fined a sacrament and its necessary characteristics, arguing that by constitution, matter, subject, form, and ministry, penance was a true sacrament. He referred to the passage, ' He breathed on them ; and he said to them, Receive ye the Holy Gtiost. Whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven them : and whose sins you shall retain, they are retained.' (John xx. '22— 23.) As the institution of the sacrament was by Christ himself, Mr Coyle proceeded to show, that it would be necessary not only to know the offence, but to have good assur ance oi repentance, before the power given in the text could.be exercised, and that knowledge could only be gained from the penitent** own confession. That such confession was an obligation, no Catholic could doubt, inasmuch as it was one, of the covenants of the Church, and consistent with its practice, from the days of the Apostles. ' Do penance and be baptized every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of yoursim.' (Acts ii. — 38.) 'Many that believtd came and confessed, and declared their deeds.' (Acts six.— 18.) ' Confess your sins one to another.' (James v.— 16.) The necessary preparation for that important duty, the lecturer said, was fervent prayer to God for his light and strength, a searching examination of our mo tives and actions; a sincere sorrow for all sins of omis sion and commission ; and a firm resolution to avoid the like in future. The sinner thus prepared, fully con fessing his sins, whether habitual or accidental, and making such restitution, reparation, or satisfaction, as his adviser felt bound to recommend gave that proof of sincere repentance without which the words of absolu tion would be worse than valueless ; they would be condemnatory of the wretched sinner who would tamper with the 'means of grace,' and by trifling with God's minister, lie to the Holy Spirit, thiw adding the fear ful sin of -acrilege to the black catalogue of unrepented crime. 'A broken and a contrite heart' alone could brook the humiliating condition of kneeling to a fellow sinner, and confessing sincerely, in sorrow and affliction of heart, the sins committed against God, its neighbour, and itself. The lecturer warned his congregation that the confessional was not a place for sinners to recount their virtues, or extenuate their faults, iso matter how saintly they might seem to the world, their friends, or their families — they were culprits in the sight of God, and the prayer of the publican—' God be merciful to me a sinner' — should be on the lips and in the heart of every penitent approaching the confessional. Bad memory or forgetfulness should never be pleaded there. A perfect consciousness will ever attend sincere sorrow, and a careful examination often, with God's b.essing, produced that sorrow which could not forget ; which impelled trie penitent to cast his bins as burning coals from his soul, and seek from the priest that balm which he alone, under God, was authorised to give, the as surance that through the Saviour's merits his sins were forgiven The ellects of absolution could not be judged from external appearances, or from the opinions ot tne wurld, but the word of God hud emphatically declared it. Mary Magdalen became as pure as though she never sinned, and no recollection of her former faults w«s permitted to prevent her ministering to her Savi our with Mary, his immaculate mother. 'Now then stood by the Cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary of Cleophas, aud Mary Magdilen.' (John xix.— 25.) The rev. lecturer pronounced a severe sen tence on the self-righteous of both sexes, the ' pure merinos' who affected to fear contamination from the presence of a perhaps repeutent snnier, aud the prudes, Who bridle np their virtuous chias Iu horror at the sin of sius. of some poor creature, haply wrongfully accused, or even if fallen, still having a claim on her own sex for pity and commisseration. Contrast, said the lecturer such spurious Christianity with Christ's mild reproof to the woman taken in adultery, to his full and free forgiveness of the wanton of Bethany, to his declaration that he came to call such to repentance ; that his mission was to ' publicans and sinners;' and his last great act of condescension to the penitent thief on the Cross, ' This day thou shalt be with me in paradise.' (Luke xviii. — 43.) Were, he would ask, our pharisees as just as Jesus, our prudes as chaste as Mary ; if not, how dare they hold in remembrance what God had forgiven ? ihe word 'penance,' the lecturer explained, was in some versions rendered 'repentance.' It was from a Greek word, signifying change of mind. A signal in stance of the out, ward and visible sign of which was re corded of the Ninevites, at the preaching of Jonas, and its wonderful influence with the offended deity. The history : of David also abounded with proofs ot the -importance and efficacy of. 'penance which was the unfailing fruit of the change within' Great misapprehension prevailed as to the nature of an indulgence, some going so far as to say that it was per mission given by the Church to commit sin. That was a grevious calumny, such as the Pagans were wont to invent of catholicity in the early ages of that Church, which beleived it wou d be impossible for God to give permission to commit sin, as it was essentially opposed to the sanctity of the Divine nature. The Church taught that in many instances, when the eternal punish ment of sin was forgiven, a temporal infliction was nevertheless entailed, 'The Lord hath put away thy sin, nevertheless the child that is born unto thee shall die,' (Samuel xii. 14, Ibid xxiv.) The Church also taught that the essential guilt and eternal punishment of sin could only be forgiven through the merits of Christ's atonement. But a certain temporal punish ment God reserved for the penitent himself to endure, 'lest the easiness of his pardon should make him careless of relapsing into sin,' (Coun. Trent, sess. vi, cap. 7, cap. 14 ; sess xiv, cap. 8.) The Church believed her power extended to remit that temporal punishment, by what is called an indulgence ; but the first and most important qualification for that great boon was that the recipient must be in a state of grace. All ecclesias tical readers must know that the Apostolical canons were still extant, which, like the Apostle's Creed, were well verified, although not found in existing scripture. The penitential canons imposed long periods of mortifi cation for crimes now unfortunately very common, the power that imposed those penances could relax them, and that relaxation was the much misrepresented doctrine of indulgences. Then again some things were forbidden because they were sinful, others were s nful because they were forbidden, such ns the eating of flesh on certain days, the keeping of holydays, marriage within certain degrees of kindred, &c;, &c; , all obligations imposed by the Church, which the Church, for God's honour or the good ot her chifdren, could in her wisdom occasionally dispense with. The Reverend gentleman concluded with an impressive exhortation to his hearers to avail tbemselves of that important and necessary institution. On Sunday the 10th instant the Rev. Mr Coyle con tinued his instructive lectures in the temporary Catholic Chapel, West Terrace. The rev. gentleman recapitu lated some of the positions before advanced, reminding his hearers of the necessity of preserving an unbroken connection between the important subdivisions of pe nance, viz. confession, contrition, and satisfaction. The latter head was the subject of that day's lecture. The ne.essity of satisfaction was proved by numerous refer ences, commencing with Adam's expulsion from Para dise, who, although forgiven, was, with his posterity, doomed to toil and death in this world, and whose eter nal perdition was averted by the wondrous atonement of the Redeemer's sacrifice on Calvary. The mm mur ing, rebellious, and idolatrous Israelites were forgiven but punished with forty years' probation in the wilder ness. And David, the man after God's own heart, that pattern of penitents.he wh » clothed himself in sackcloth, who strewed ashes on his bread, who wateied his couch with tears, although fcrgiven, was punished in the re bellion and death of his children. Fiom such instances the lecturer proceeded to dwell upon the practice of self-mortification, of voluntary humiliation, so effectual in turning away Divine wrath,as proved by the forgive ness of the penitent Ninivites. The ' gnat and camel.' the 'mote and beam,' mentioned in Scripture, clearly implied an immense disparity iu sin, some of a merely v.nial character up to one which is not to be forgiven in this world or the next. (Matt, xii, 32.) And thai brought him to the much disputed doctrine of purgatory. The houl stained with lesser offences which remain un purged at death must in another world be purified ere it could enter that tabernacle where nothing unholy can come. «ins not so great as to exclude eternally* from salvation, must nevertheless be accounted for, as ' every idle word that men shall speak they shall render an account for it in the day of judgement.' (Matthew xii, 36.) After which day no earthly repentance could avail, nor could we suppose, without impugning eternal justice, that the offence of an idle wont could equal in enormity, or entail such torment as murder, robbery, or calumny. Objections had beem made to the doctrine becatjse the word did not occur in Scripture He (the lecturer) had heard of a Protestant, lady who to annoy a Catholic servant (a species of intolerance to:- often in dulged in) said, " Here, take my bible to your priest and let him point out the word purgatory before he asks «ny one to believe in it. ' The answer returned to the shal low bigot was, ' Believe in the trinity, the incarnation, aud the atonement ; even if you do not find the express words in the Scripture, the doctrine is there, so likewise i* the doctrine of purgatory.' Other flippant disputants asked, Where is tlie place to which souls are consigned whilst being purged from the hay and stubble' of earthly impurity ? That was not given man to know. He (Mr Coyle) knew as much as the Pope, and his in telligent hearers knew as much as himself, where the place was or how long souls were detained there. All they knew with certainty was, that souls were so de tained and purged; that their torments might be alle viated aud their detention abridged by the prayers of the faithful; the communion of saints. Fools and bigots might sneer at that as at any other doctrine. Tlie heart less and tne hardened wagged their heads at the suffer ing Savkur, and the doctrines of his Church must encounter contumely, derision, and persecution until the fulness of time. A comparatively harmless species of that derision indulged in by irreligious men evaporated in silly taunts about O'Connell in purgntory. or the like. Such folly might safely be let alone. The mind delighting in such ribaldry was not influenced by re* ligion nor accessible to reason. But when they met it grateiy asserted that purgatory and prayer for the dead were inventions of priestcraft, cunningly-devised schemes to gratify clerical cupidity, they were bound to fling the falsehood in the face of its inventors. The inventors of such tales kne* better, they were intentionally mis leading people silly enough to be deceived by them. When newspaper writers retailed stb ies of priests at tempting to extort money for releasing souls from pur gatory, they lied intentionally, actuated hy no mo ive of love to God or goodwill to man; but finding their account in fomenting discord 'among all states and people,' in pandering to prejudice that they nvght fish in the troubled waters of contention. Hut it would be asked, Do not people give money? They do. It in necessary that some support should be given to those who 'minister and serve the altar.' The manner of doing so was a matter of arrangement between the con gregation and the pastor, the last with whom strangers should interfere. It was generally known that in Catholic times there was, through the piety of our ance?tors, a sufficient support set apart for the clergy. And now the people in their limited means still cheer fully supply the limited wants of their spiritual direc tors, but did not remarks of that description come with bad grace from quarters so fertile in devices for extract ing money from their followers, and whose clergymen were invariably surrounded with means and appliances for enjoyment that priests never aim at attaining ? The reverend gentleman went on to say that he had been in the public ministry for 16 years and never during that l-ng period was he master of £20, notwithst*ndmg all his lucrative advantages of pardoning sius or releasing souls from purgatory. Respecting prayer for ihe dead, a doctrine so intimately connected with a belitf in an intermediate state, the practice of tl e rabbins was con clusive. Under the old dispensation the people of God prayed for the dead and their descendants did so to this day. The father of church historians mentioned prayers and masses for the dead. The eastern schismatics, who separated at a very early period from the Church, re tained that ' holy and wholesome practice ;' and some of the most enligh eneel Doctors of the Church of England cherished the consoling belief that prayer was profitable to departed souls. 'The universality of the belief in the existence of a Supreme Being had been held a good argument against Infidels; and of equal universality had been the belief of the efficacv of prayer for the dead. It was seen in the Jew, the Pagan, and the Protestant, notwithstanding his profession to Ihe contrary. VV hen the heart was full, v frequently broke out in unguarded expressions, which proved the univer sality of the feeling. — The church was crowded, and the reverend gentleman was heard with breathless at tention throughout. We have only glanced at the subjects dwelt upon, and entirely omitted that important portion of his lecture which was more immediately ad* dressed to his own flock. 