Local Intelligence. As Eight Year's LEASE.— Those who set any value upon this desideratum, had belter road Messrs. Bear & Son's advertise ment in another column, headed ' Sheep and Station, and purchase, LITERARY Wear and Tear.— The 'Lon- don and Liverpool Advertiser.' of Novem ber last, announces the death of Captnin Sterling, late one of the Lender-writers to the ' Times ' newspaper, whoso articles long nco obtained for the ' Times ' the appella tion of the " Thunderer." That gentleman died at his residence, at Knighsbridge at rather an " advanced age." His case, there fore, forms somewhat an exception to the ordinary results of a profession which has for its object the making of " bread from brain.' The ' Advertiser ' remarks on the motalilr of the 'Times' office, in n short space or time, several of its most popular Editors having been called away by death : amongst whom were Mr Thomas Barnes, the pnncipal Editor ; Mr. Bacon. the Sub- Editor i Mr. Alsagar, the writer of the city article; and Mr. John Walter, the great pillar of the establishment. Some of those gentlemen, we know, wcic brought to a pre matura grave by the mortal process through which their fame was acquired. Whilst wondering thousands, in every part of the world, were admiring the monuments of literary and jioliticat skill which their gi gantic minds were successively erecting, they little thought, in the exuberance of their encomiums, that thoso very monu ments were built out of the vitals of their architects thai every effort required for their production toot away on inch of human life ; a id that the foundations of ex istence had to be sapjied lieforc a fount!,-, lion could be found on which the pyramid of their fame could permanently stand. A friend of ours in 1-ondon, who saw one of the gentlemen whose names wc have men tioned, in his coffin, and who died in the prime of life, informed us that his w orn and emaciated appearance gave ample proof that hc had fallen a victim to the intensity of his application to the laborious duties of his profession. We wish our reader to consider that a newspaper, that mecU with anything like general acceptance, it not pre|iarcd for the public- eye without an amount of toil, and of mental and physical exertion (not to speak of ex pence) of which they have hut little conception. If this weic properly understood the strictures of the cvnie, and the defalcations of the debtor would be alike mitigated iti their severity. There are some Editors of our acquaintance who are portly enough, whose persons ex hibit but few evidences of severe mental application, and whose productions look as it they had fallen from the moon : but those srlio tool that their reputation awl inlogritv are staked upon a rigid and unrelaxing ad herence to the duties uf their calling, must pax through tho ordeal to which wc hare alluded. Ail occasional taxation of strength may lie made with impunity upon a robust constitution, and may even be frequently repeated without any great diminution of the vital power ; but let tho process go on from day to tlay, and from year to year ; let duties present' themselves which demand imperative attention, in all weather, in sickness or in health, In the brightness of proiperitv, or in the gloom of reverse, and the result must be certain t the liaMicsl frame and the strongest intellect must quail beneath the unceasing stroke of the motlal hammer) and " heart and flesh " subdued and conquered, muil take their place amongst the shad us of tlicir predecessor. An Editor "diet daily." His sirk room is tho scene of all anomalies ; of the unpolency of the flesh and the strength of the spirit ; the impossibility of acting, and the greater impossibility or ceasing to art; the hustle of life in the shadow of death ; anil it it not until consciousness itself has departed that he is exempted fro-n the claims of a relent less world. Such is our true position, and nch we hare felt it to be since we com menced our colonial career a caterer fur the public taste, and to record, wre trust faithfully, tbo passing events of this impor tant colony. We do not shrink from that position. We are bound to it by fate, and by inclination, and by circumstance. We will still endeavour to make this journal the impartial vehicle of public aenumcnt, and no expenoe or exertion shall be spared to make it even yet mora worthy of an. intelli gent community. We are willing to devote the strength which U still led ua to the in terests of the public, without regard to sect or party t and. so long a we are supported by a sense of rectitude, we care not if, in the discharge oP our calling, the wasting lamp expire but a little sooner than the watting life. But we appeal to our sub scribers. They must supply us with the blood and sinew necessary for the mecha nical part of our labour— they most giro us what, in all faunas, wc have a tight to claim— the amount or their SUBSCRIP- TIONS. — Adelaide Register. — ('Mutato nomime'' &c;, DD. P.P.P. Moor v. Kerr. — We were in error in stating that Councillor Kerr's motion, at the Quarterly Council meeting, for remov ing Councillor Moor (for non-attendausc) from the Public Works Committee, was negatived by 7 to S. It should have been 10 to 3— the 3 being, Alderman Greeres, Councillors Bowler and Kerr. CIVIC DINNER. — The Mayor's Quarterly Civic Dinner went off with great re! at, and was aa agreeable as good wine and wit could make it. Doing the PUBLICAN. — Two fellows, attired in the fashionable vest generally patronised by the bushmrn, favoured Mr. Frost, of the Devonshire Arms, Colling- wood, with their delectable society, pre- U-nding to be travellers from the interior; hut in the morning when the guest were looked for, the birds had flown. Mr. I'rost, luring cause for suspicion, was in- lucid to examine a Ikix in his bedroom, in 1 which tush to the amount of £20 had been ' deposited, and found thnt the lock had been | nearly Iroken, evidently bv a chisel or ! other strong instrument ; luckily, however, the box was not forced open. Apparently ' the depredators had l-een scared away before the'r work wns completed, ami not daring to airs-l tho host, the fellows absconded, INDIA LABOUR— The following letter wax sent to the India 1/ihour Association by the Colonial Secretary : — " Colonial Sccrotaiy's Office, Sydney, 14th March, 1818\. Sir — I do myself tho honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant, in which you enclosed a petition from the India Labour Association of Moreton llav, requesting the Governor's interposition in conveying nn assurance to the Eight Honorable tho Governor General in Council of India, that due protection will tic afforded and enforced towards any Indian emigrants that the Association may dc.xiro to import. In reply, 1 have re ceived instructions to stato that his Excel lency must decline nny interference on the part' of tlic local government on tho sub ject of tho above memorial. I am at the same time to point out, that a considerable supply of British labour is now in progress of introduction into the colony, f linve the honor to lie, sir. your most obedient servant, F. DEAN Thomson. James C. Crawford, Esq., Chairman of tho Committee of the India Labour Association." The Colonial Bar and its Pros- t'ECTs. — in the debate on Mr. Wentworth's Legal Hrofession Hill, Mr. I .owe said that if they would have tho honor and glory of having a bar, tlioy must forego the abstract right of having their cases conducted by any lawyer they approved of, and maintain the bar properly. If they adopted a con' trarv course, and determined to have a bar and not maintain it in respectability, they would find themselves without a liar, and without any one prepared to take their places. If the profession were amalga mated, the good men would soon come to the top, and tako the leading business; but at present the bar is being starred out, ami lie stated as a fact within his own knowledge, that within the last year or two the barristers in this colony have not been remunerated for their labour. Look at the bar within the last year or two. For him self, he could sav that he had as much prac tice as his health would pormit him to attend to, but what wax the general state of the bar? Mr. Windeycr had died; Mr. a'Hcckett made a Judge; Mr. Man ning made a Judge; Mr. Gordon gone to India ; Mr. Michie, one of our ablest prac titioners, about to sail for England ; and another, of considerable ability, aliont to leave ; although, as he had not quite made up hit mind, he would not mention his name. How were their places to bo filled up ; was It likely that If the remuneration was not sufficient to keep them here, that it would lie sufficient to induce others to como out, and what trill be the result? Why, that very soon the law will l>c a com plete monopoly. At to opening tho bar to youth born or educated tn tho colony, it ought to be open to all, if they can go through the required examination. VISITING the Sins of the Fathers upon the Children ; Sydney.— It may tie worth while suppressing names anil dates to give an instance of tho feeling which exists among what are called the " free" in opposition to the " government" claxvM. now emancipated, and possessing the same political rights ami privileges with the others. Several attempts have been made to conclude a treaty of alliance be tween them, but in vain. All emlcavnurs have hitlirrto failed befnre the invincible prejudices of hrreditary virtue; and there scorns even- possibility of the permanent existence or a chst whirh thanks God it is not as its neighbours are, — soni ami daughters of publicans and sinners. Hie prejudice entertained acai-n-l the Mark natives ha been partialis- overcome hj a matrimonial alliance at Isnan llivcr. ' It was thought, therefore, that, if a marriage between persons of a distinguished position, one of them tscing of convict descent, were brought about, a great step would hare been taken. A couple answering tin's des cription existed. The accomplished and beiutiful daughter of a man of wealth, w ho had been one of the compulsory founders of the state, was betrothed to a young man, glorying in all the pride of honest blood. TT)o marriage took place: the bride was given nsray by the Governor of the colonv. The public looked on in seeming approval ; and, as soon as the reluctance of the young wife to appear tn public was overcome, she entered, leaning ur. the anu of her husband, a ball-room filled with all the rank and fashion of Sydney. A titter ran round, there was shaking of fans, aud rustling of gowns,, and exchanging of glances, and tossing of heads, and whisperings. Sud denly every kind and charitable lady rose from her seat, the dance was broken up. and in a few minutes all the rank and fashion of Sydney had disappeared ; and even the hostess, who had magnanimously issued the invitation, awed by this expres sion of public opinion, dared acartely ail vance to console the confounded ana weeping canoe of all this confusion ! An other instance will exhibit the state of feeling among the reprobates themselves. They have been taught to caricature the feelings of the free. Because these will not associate with the descendants of rogues, those will not associate with any who are not descendants of rogues. A pulilie dinner was given by this class, to which the doctor, who took care of their bodily hrollh was invited. Great was the joviality among these sinners, and toasts of all kinds were drunk. Our medical friend gat on his legs to answer for bis profession, when auddenlv a man arose, whose claims to Newgate descent were undoubted, aud insisted, that, because the son of .Etcula- biut was a tchiie lAnw, be could not be beard. No sooner was this bint given then divers significant glances were cost on the worthy doctor, who stood almost over whelmed by. the imputation. At length, mustering courage, be repelled the charge " of his honourable friend," denied the parity of bit descent, aud, for fear of falling a victim to the exclusive dealing" svstctn, actually roved, by a long genealogical deduction, bis relationship with tome notorious convicts.— -/bre/u Reciete, Blessings or Wedlock.— A young woman named Bridget Ellard took her place at the bar under the charge of drunkenness, she luring lieen delivered into the custody of a constable by her husband, who, finding his crooked rib too troublesome in her bacchanalian fn-akv , look that summary mode of getting rid of his plague, as she had bound him over to keep the peace, and c-o-.iwquentlt he dared not administer srbolrwjic cum-ction. Mr. M'Larhtsn, the sitting magistrate, looked upon the step as likely to cause a great accession to the la'siurs of the guarel aire of the liight, rrmsrkitig tin! if husbands sent their wives to the watchbiuve whenever they set . drunk and troublesome, the court would lure enough to do, and discharged the woman to ditrouragu the practice. The Scar Act i'en, three infornintinnv nt ih, ' W. 1). Taylor, nninst horn, of laivcnton, umlor it H '->1 tnria, N0. Jo, srclinn t , Act "J.lM had kept scabby ,l,cep' was intersected ))v a i, , 11 "ut < not affix the required nuij, ,?a' ' o run. On the ease he „V nC i!r'® patties iqqicnriiifr, Mr, Brodie ,li« inspector, remarked that n i ' thc compounded, hut " rvo ""'11, proceed.." Mr. Hull return iT' ' He',? ',nj-Urc'1 man "ten " 'vLfl die then explained that bv ih. ' r' S constable was empowered m l of tins kind. Aefofonn aft la" in his name « it!, out cr yl! H and it was served bv a consist i V V sidered that the individual, thrw"' no competent to compound th Queen ,ei" a ,wt). fine Hie matter the,, ,lro; J ' Belcher, mqu.nng nr,cr lh he summons, wa, informed thai-"® been issued "on tick," which . revene of \ Cll \CK»M IV — T\ - the snceial eon!'. dent of' the notori" gb wax charged by Con, table Ashl(re-j fl w-ranl Act. The detective determined unon securing iheq'm town during t ,e winter, had hunwrfl into a house in ltourke Ureet " . nst their nrer, as Cireen leg and a half out of a hack „w Leek and Ashley entered the rooa" deposed that he had rrcquen'!v'..r prisoner in company with thic,® glare, when mr. Cireen. with t!, , .b logician, demanded. ' was i company ?" Ashley answered " y,,-.® tliat," inquired the downy cove a constable?" a reply of v.- ,'b made by the runner, Green rctcrr.ri tffm in rompany with a thirf — . >h onef" Taking an impres-ite orator turn el triiinipliantlv '"|7' and exclaimed. yourm'or,'hipx«fb every man who speaks lu me if hs'nwb i'm a stranger in the town, .and "cm." Leek being put into the q rl asked for his fonncr clioratter, Ir-' nyib unsatisfactory responses, hc'diul b police would swear anything. m- m observed " all you thieves from i , - complain or ixx-h and Ashley : lo'eais anything comfortably since thev hi,t!a here." Green's defence being "bet j 9 account of his wavs and mean,, ti.t arranced all difficulties for the tni j months, by awarding that period tjtr-9 hotel. " A LUCKLESS LOVER.— James Stephens, a diminutive snippish- looking youth, charged Mrs. Mary Watson with having privately assaulted his person. According to the complainant's account, he had resided at the lady's house, for two or three months, and thinking he could better himself, he had left ; he had given no provocation for the assault. On being examined by Mr. Hull[?], Stephen, his betterirng himselif appeared to [?] savour strongly of the better of ?? plunge, as he had been paying ??? attention to Mrs. Watson's daughter, and [?] on the sly had got the wedding day [?] ready, which give great dissatisfaction to [?] her mamma, and the candidate for matri- monial bliss was forbidden, the love object of his adoration being but 1? years of age. The ardent lover, however, made no conciliatory steps, but intimated that he would have the girl in spite of all the mammas in the universe, and on Monday, he went for some of his bachelor traps, rtl he had left on his abrupt departure, when was ceremoniously ushered into, a back par- lour, and the door immediately locked[?] "The grating hinges filled him with dismay." [?] " Now," said the outraged mother, "you have given me a sore heart, and I'll give you a sore head !" and seizing a batten from the sofa, she battered the complainant's head and body till fatigue arrested her fury. The magnanimous youth swore that he took the chastisement with all due meekness, and did not attempt to return the striking pliments of the outraged fair one. Witness [?] was proceeding to complain of his [?] being bunged up, when Mr. Condell cut him up short. " You didn't get half enough," said the Alderman. If it had been me, I would have given you twice as much. Mr. Hull said it was a most trumpery ?? and the fellow was insensible to shame[?], case was forthwith dismissed. Stephens, with the ghost of a grin on his face, left the Court amidst the derision of the spe- tators. NEW STEAMERS. — The hur/er lt Steam Navigation Company hs'e m two new steamer to be huilt. 'hi, 5 Jtana, is intruded for river tridf. but of thirty horse-now rr t tie 1 which w ill be ready to i launrhre, or.. | June, will be about 170 tons re;-'-'" engines of 00 hone power. tfc' fj ate her dimensions :--ix-ngtli ever . i feet ; length on dick, 137 fret; j between laddle-boxes, 20 fret " k extreme breadth, Alt fret '"> inchct: ofjv- hip, 1 1 fret ; depth of hulj. inelios. Thc saloan and ladies rt- both be very sjaeiou-. the f.'nerr -o sixteen berths, anj ' Liter tn>. - inteiidcil for the mr-relnn llty tr-' < will prubahlv lw run in November r/v- I'llim.l s vi.vts ' ' -Wdhvm and f'haih . It aLer, tw-v v;f the " . 1 imports per the " 8sr Tl-nma, were brought iqi by cointabo a- -rt under the charge ef harg-rr?- , J Tuesday, he apprehended theni tn J in Uourke-strr, t. on vj«p r r;' u J ceroid in the burglary c -'otmt.ro 1 Dawsoti'v. of William, '."wo. . r„> 'J Mci wete silting together : t hre on s-arvhiiig YVillianis three » ' . ,1 2 gold seals, a qu vr. I s coins, ,Vc., wcie f onr of the watcties a, 1 ,-J that he, luihv y ouih. hat. . ' 7 two that identical mnniiog- J Mrs. Ann Dawsou ;lri"'" f.J morning of the 1tu A("i- -J<(. U o'clock, she hcaid a _ n-'.s A romn. a!"' ..''"uVr'hren uirovcird I ha. a or , ... I opm and tbrrewitiwvam.-. j onn- nionr\ sin ! a \ , re,;,,. Witness tdrnllffid r."t» right!' Walker 'Q'U'en ' 1 her rvir< , he k«e» ! V. I' ' |U tare', 4 1\. n i s. ,h. day »ft,d,"J,.f;.;"(.;;lVnrel atnig window/ haJ t .hiircvithrcps'1-- an 1 37 renins , .i ijjr« wee- fitanw-se twins. !.,» .w" , - -1" listed frr t:ivh ..vno The cost of the Ira Picric KfesJSWl r 'fdimul to change lmntls. rlle uaboui , CcrvnnlM kCrrXt Mating Warrc". rffi »#"'or of !hc, " Dmry W L o-!cbrtlw nulilixtscd a new work, Wtrv5.To,rncnil, lately convicted of LpT'ike CommcncinI Hank, Sydney, r' .-.red to seven year hnnl labor on tOTi i«.no'tc(l to' bo living " as com- ty. ii money can make him in Darling- kOioI" L . nnrvoE.— Two fellows named fc>ndi'nMlerick Thompson, thelnt- feft'sssrtgsa F.X the defendants drove up in a ll-fT;.' w his shop, and Thompson mna went into >lr. llaUton'a house K?Hw«n sitting injjto K:R« which ho f3L -ire minutes afterwards, and pro- IfS; lbhton's daughter came .running l ,j rrat terror, beseeching his asstst- r lie cm«ed the road and met the Pj,a in Mr, llalston's verandah, they ETtad issued from the house i witness Er't i< a shame for you to frighten the |l_ in their parents' absence. " « hat a I'tjtoa" «' the civil response of both, showing indignation at their Drown struck him violently, E£V Mm down. It nppenred that on entering the house, went C, of the rooms, and seeing a child fcA. Tfin of age, proceeded to llltrcal KVcrrotute, whose cries attracted the fc-baof Miw Hals ton, her elder sister, fro titling in a front appartmcnt. Tlie E UdT hastened to the spot whence tor's tries emanated, upon which Eyiira rushing up to her said, " It's Jlnaf whereupon Miss It ran into i, uiil managed to closo and lock |£w before the ruffian could reach her. du got out of the house and ran to Prtv. baker, whose assistance she im- ti, tad then hastened to call tho two let women (who were in a detached Kn) to her assistance. Thompson in his Ek idniltcd tlut ho had been a little Eel; respecting the children, two of Es hi begged a ride of hitn which hu Eissentcd to, hut unluckily his tiis- E'ui charioteer were stopt short by tea breaking, and the chihlrcn being B&cei; he had called at Mr. llalston's to whether they were hurt. Asaninformn- Ehibeen sworn to by Mr. Italston, for Bpsrpow of binding him over to keep I feix tonrds his children, detailing I wage attempted of the Pentonvilliiui llecg gross in the extreme, the licnch KBiuwa. who had struck Mr. Ducr £5, Thompson oft'- lleforc they left the Bet Mr. Hull enquired of Drew the de- jrira of the gig driven by the prisoners, Kb sppcared to he something like a hat Htrsooahreh, and drawn by a Timor Kr, xstl bring the same which Mr. Hull tinted reca driven furiously by the vai, nc ucunm ino vines con- Bit ti .-rv.it an information against the Kts f ikmiing the animal, which he Bdi icppn: himself. Thompson on being ei for the iine ikmanilcd a slip of paper. Big with the air of a millionaire, " I'll Br wa a rhtquc,"" but the Court preforing neurit.- detained him in durance, the ready was stumpesl up and Bnpon wis again called into Court, not Bratped tc.bc discharged, but to enter Bcreiiri toward. Mr. llalston's children, Keif iq £lM and two sureties of £ 10 each. Bis to be deeply regretted that the Bu inirtrd a punishment upon these Btcs so utuflv disproportionate to the Bru'i d in offence deliberately content- B'-' "1 only fruslratoJ by accidental r.vrry I act connected wius I B — the character of the men, and ! fee of the (intended) rillians-, and j BpiUrbm of th< |«iblic, called for the J sticriit of the law at the ItaniU of) B f2- Tlut such an offence should \ B',or. us'uip'rif in the immediate ' -" o. a papulous town, at midday, s: Oftrr ihe defence less condition of j 'he little apprehension enter- Kvu rigour of the bench, and the , J-f T">(y that counsels the in- . s-u'a to protcc! thcmscliea iu a manner i B '"I a salutary lesson In the Co- j ,'le uncoerced dregs of the ' B ''t irc )car')r vomited over i .j .uld any man blame the parent ;!V,;rj!"l hv tlie indignity to which j B, ""1 "ere exposed, had exacted a t troiu the offender. The K,:; ""'d't »uch rircuimtanccs. crime B» V.! al l'le door of tlie Govern- Ili: "'''i iudi. idual. Though a ' Hni. V"'.v credited tlsat for jice j 'w commission of the outrage ! li-.. w-s unable to pet J Br?".""1'"' !" sign a warrant for tho ; c'-' the ruffians in question. s"d ill-timed lenity dis- j Bnj." ''.neb in dealiisg vrtth an ' l,.,d no juliating rcconi- j '! f..il to hase a most dis- r.t>. IMM'.: i C-l'r r,Mr' '-lu> jesterday sold I u"' ' known ns Ashhurst'a \p- , — I-ot 1, oj feci frontage j Er,','"''' a depth of 1 T-' feel, for j Hbe r. lad -. (rAc Corner.) j B'-.'. "J't 10 1' hndcrs-slrecl, bv a j H folf i. Wi!!>am-str.t of «l3 i . , H .o Mj, "(has. Clark. llrst , , , | Lt \t. n- 4 sen tug this week,! Bui," 1( -s-bl i f slH. Saracsis's ; Bciiv, k ' a y.p of buhea, iu ! B''.e i urtised guest from Ms »» atliartcd bs' a j ; ,t,, l!'' "" critcring wjiieti he ills- j l:'i 1.4,1 been tickled, but I ',t''T-f'-sp'. Units ha. I Urn left.! i.i r -'iter.ts h-,vink- a lew iV , ; ' '-m..s,d hv Mrs. Btitii.'. r-'nml, he dis-o d,„„t,.,..f iu.- RItSsiM , 1 U - fuli rf 2 1: » sl » gr'ivr uiiortr.r Wlr --! v-V i ! i:;u! i,,t»,c». '-'115 6 , ' " , f sttngo snugly 1""sr; fuitbcr insestigutiun B>, Kil ! r ,!lc "iue ; tbc thief, RA'Vecc v consolation .if grub- H s.ik ,,t 0!'lnjl,'ly1lbe depredator ''< «: , - (cj.;,' ' 1 ,ilvi'r watch uhich House Stealing,— John O'Hricn, against whom a warrant was issued for stealing a horse at Hrighton, gave himself up on Tues day, and was ndmitted to linil, himself in £80 and two sureties of £10 racli. 