.IRELAND VERSUS AUSTRALIA. £100 TO £80. BETWEEN PADDY SINCLAIR, THE ENFIELD GENERAL, AND WIL- LIAM SPARKES, ALIAS JOHNNY HEKI. TireTmef Tmt slashing RENCONTRE hetwec these men, on Thursday, the 4th of Ma; having resulted ia favour of the Patlande the defeated party participating ia tl chagrin and mortification of their chan pion, whose strangely sudden discomfitu they regarded with mingled sentiments < surprise and incredulity, lost no time i entering into communication with tl General!» friends, with a view to the r« newal of hostilities. After a protracted négociation, in whic the proposition of the challengers, th; Sinclair should reduce his weight, wc decisively negatived, a treaty was j length concluded, articles signed, and th men handed over to their respective train ers, preparatory to a second appeal t arms. On this occasion, Sinclair's part backed their "Pet" at £100 to the Nei .Zealanders £80. at which odds the bet ting was stationary from the first offici« notification of the fact, until within few'hours of the. time appointed forth fray. The training of the Emerálder wi again entrusted to his faithful squire Sollj while Sparkes retired to his romantic an sequestered studio at Cook's River, where under the brotherly superintendence o his private tutor, the "Sprig of Myrtle,' he prepared himself to compete for th disputed Senior .Wrahglership in the Syd .ney Pugilistic College. The six weeks iutci veiling ..recess -has- been..characterise! by a propriety of conduct on the part o I both men, as meritorious in themselves i as gratifying to their friends, nor can . more pleasing duty devolve upon a ebro nicler of our national sports, than that o: awarding commendation, when, as in thi. instance, it is legitimately due, indeed, tc withhold it, would argue in us a cnlpabh laxness io those principles of justice auc impartiality which ought ever to direel alike our judgment and our pen. [Enquiries, induced from the manifest ill-condition of Sinclair on entering the Ring, satisfy us that so far as he is con- cerned, we have been premature in our laudation : circumstances hare since come to our knowledge relative to his conduct, so highly reprehensible, that we must Substitute .' UNQUALIFIED CENSURE " for the panegyric which his competitor is alone deserving of..] THE LAST DEPOSIT AND CHOICE OF GROUND. The three first deposits of £25 to £20, were successively slumped up at the sport- ing cribs selected for that purpose, and the sum total was made good on Monday 'evening, at a council of war assembled at the head-quarters of the General. A motly circle of debaters filled the cham- ber, amongst whom the most intense ex- citement prevailed, though beyond a plentiful . bandying of unmarketable "chaff," but little business was trans- acted. Two even bets of £25 to £20 on Sinclair winning the fight within the half hour were taken ; the odds on the event not varying from the previous quo- tation. The NATIVE gallantry of tbe Aus- tralians here met with its due reward, and "woman 1 bewitching woman !" smiled upon them, from the up-turned "brown," whose fateful gyrations thus- apostrophised awarded to Sparkes the choice of ground. The impertinent and inquisitive enquiries of Miles's Boy were ingeniously frus- trated, and the "finger-post" beingpointed. out to a faithful few, the company sepa- rated in high expection to meet again on WEDNESDAY MORNING. Long before the peep o' day, those who really 'meant it' were astir, and .eschewing for once in a way, the more pol ¡shed refine- ments of the toilette, in the shape of j shower-bath and lather-box, contented themselves with a hurried ablution, and accoutred for the road, emerged from their domiciles by the waning star-light. The benedict softly released himself from the drowsy embrace of his unconscious spouse; the youth who, in his solitary dreams, had anticipated the events of the morrow, through "the live long night," stealthily creeping from his "room in the uppermost story," noiselessly closed the street door upon the snoring inmates.' Livery sta- ble- keepers threw wide their doors, the best and fleetest- of their steeds being al- lotted to the sporting cits on the no-fa- vour-principle of "first come first served." Hackney carriages trundled from out their owners' yards,, and ample-coated jarvies lotled them to the mansions-'of the nia» breakfasted. Every description of vehicl from the spicy barouche, to the unpretem ing market-cart, speedily stowed awí¡ their cargo of live lumber, and the "mu mur of many voices" swelled the mon i ing breeze, and floated away in the di tanceras the heterogeneous cavalcade, ei veloped in clouds of genuine brick- dus ' left the slumbering city, with its sluj I gard thousands, far behind. I Preceded by an AVANT COURIER on who! j fidelity previous experience fully warrant i ed our confidence, we committed ourse j to the road, behind a pair of thoroug (colonial) breds, game enough to face tl d- let alone the ruts, quagmires, &c; whose dangers were in all probability mag nified in anticipation, by reminiscences of previous pleasure excursion to the delight ful LOCALE of Frog's Hollow. Fulling u at Gannon's, our vow of rigid abstemiou: ness (registered for the day only) w£ challenged by a host of friends among! the pre-arrived, but with a resolutio which would have done honor to the mo: saintly of the ascetic fraternity, we sue cessfully resisted the temptations of th Anti-Matthewites. A bevy of mounte sportsmen drawn np in line, smilingl greeted our approach hy the extension o whip, finger, or nod, as the humour tool them. Here was in truth assembled ai heterogeneous mob. Contrast thc lou talking, go-a-head, square-elbowed gen .tleman on the fierylchesnut with the- placl looking individual to whom he is offer ing the extreme odds of 2 to 1 ; while th I free and easy swagger of, the monkey j with his hat on one side, who has just gal loped up- on a thirteen hand pony is pinn : ly indicative nf his -own opinion that no thing and nobody there was good enoug! j for ULM. Having hastity partaken of a cu] I of " Mocha," which sufficed to banisl every symptom of drowsiness and renderei ! us wide awake to the whispered inuendoes appertaining to the CHAMP DE MARS, au jehu once more mounted to his perch, am by the aid of a. few feet of Scott's paten whip-cord, coaxed his cattle into an ex hilirating trot. Immediately after passing the Cook!¡ River Dam, a cry of " breakers a-head ' from the pilot, struck ominously on oui ears, and further progress was temporarily obstructed by the remains of a shattered " CABRioiLY," the late occupants of which with elongated phizes, w«re engaged in detaching (heir panting Kosinantes, and hopelessly puzzling amongst the myste- rious intricacies of the harness, implored the aid of all passers by in lachrymose strains, amusingly interspersed with ejacu- lations only to be found in the latest edi- tion of the " Slang Vocabulary." Insensible to the MOVING entreaties of the suppliants, we contrived to shave their " break " and resolutely plunging into the sandy defiles of the bush, the mettle of our prads, so confidently guaranteed on the outset fay coachee, was severely and successfully, tested. Slowly but surely did we follow the intricate windings of the labyrinthine track which rumour whisper- ed led to the already.roped arena, and for upwards of an hour the muffled rumble of chariots wheels, when they happened to graze the sand-embedded " slumps " which ever aud anon threatened effectually to impede a further advance, was the only I sound which startled the furred and fea- thered denizens of the forest. "There is a pleasure in the pathless woods." Now, without presuming to give a flat eontradiction to the author of the above quotation, whether frenzied poet or mo cassined Indian, we opine that he never threaded, the gloomy -mazes of an Aus- tralian scrub on a like adventurous undertaking with that which seduced us from onr pillow on this identical morning. Be this as it may, the leading "whip " to the nndissembled consterna- tion of those in the rear, "pulled up" at a spot where all vestige of a trail suddenly disappeared. Unacquainted with the pre- cise ; bearings of the "whereabouts," our party immediately resolved itself into a committee of " Woods and Forests," and an express having been dispatched for more explicit directions, cigars were had re- course to as an agreeable sedative to the excitability engendered by this unlooked for emergency. A startling crash, fol- lowed hy a cacchinatory shout in the im- mediate vicinity of our umbrageous re- treat,' aroused us. from our unpleasing reverie. "Never rriind, sir-never mind a bit ef a scramble or two ; it's all the for- tune of war! Keep your way, harden your heart, and at 'em again." These words 6f encouragement were addressed hy an act ire-footed, pedestrian in the homely garb of a shingler, to a bejewelled swell who, despising such paltry impediments to his hot- brained progress, as logs and bogs, put his "tit" at a rasper, thereby flooiing himself neatly. Picking up his crushed "Mountcastle" with christian- like resig- nation, our " pursuer of pleasure under difficulties," eyeing the speaker with an equivocal smirk, boldly remounted, and speedily disappeared in the thicket. "Never mind, if the nag don't care about it, he don't, I'll warrant ; it's all the "fortune of war," soliloquised our new acquaint- ance, as emitting a volume of curling smoke from his two-inch clay, he trudged perseveringly ahead towards the place of ( rendezvous, whither he undertook to guide us. Sinking almost up to their knees in the treacherous sand, the horses drew us for- ward at a snail's gallop, our impatience occasionally enlivened hy the humorous exhortations of our merry hearted con- ductor, the burthen of whose ditty " Tread lightly here, for this is hole-y ground," was illustrated at every yard by joltings and jarrings calculated materially to agi- tate the nervous system of the elderly gentleman on the opposite seat, the inter- nal economy of whose capacious paunch was assailed more than once by an un- premeditated visitation of the mullet head of his vis-a-vis, a youth of the genus squatter, carrying a scrubbery pf alarm- ing density and corresponding weight. \- A break in the grove to our extreme left at length indicated our approach to the lists, and quitting the carriage we were speedily within " view halloo " of the busy scene. A spot more judiciously chosen, and more effectually screened by the bountiful provision of nature from the prying eye of the " Evil Ones " could not by possibility have rewarded the search of the pioneers whose office it was to select the tilting ground, Innumerable vehicles had been drawn up close to the outer ropes, and equestrians of every rank and grade were congregated in picturesque groups, in the immediate vicinity. " Amid the haunts of silence and decay . Thus did the eager multitude press on Raisinga joyous clamour as they passed." ?. Urchins ia ragged habiliments, swarm- ed to the topmost branches of the tower- ing giants of the forest ; one in particular a gaunt and cadaverous looking being, with mug smeared and discoloured as his tattered corduroys, was perched high in the ghost of a tree, to all appearance gloaming over all arboriferous nature. The Betting round the ring assumed a more decided standing in favour of Sin- clair ; 5 to 2, and in several places 3 to 1 being offered and greedily snapped up by the native party. Precisely at. seven minutes past ten an enthusiastic shout hailed the appearance of the Australian, whose cabbage-tree re- volving high in air, fell mid-way in the magic circle, and was immediately follow- ed by ¡ts owner. Sparkes looked well and was in buoyant spirits, though at times an expression of anxiety usurped the smile with which he exchanged greeting with his friends as he paced briskly to and fro within the limited boundary of his rope- walk. A tedious delay extending over a period of forty minutes, now took place in the appointment of a referee, and it was not until ten minutes before eleven o'clock, that, this difficulty having been overcome, the General pitched his helmet into the arena and, advancing towards Sparkes the men exchanged a cordial grasp of good feeling and retired to their corners, the New Zealander seating himself under the kindly shade of Hough's parasol, while a flaming bit of Chinese gingham screened the delicate frame of Paddy from the un- welcome intrusion of Father Sol. The colours-'Australian Blue' and 'Emerald for Ever '--having been tied to the stake, the toss fur corners was won by the Irishman, and every remaining preli- minary satisfactorily arranged. The men then advanced, Sinclair at- tended by Donovan and Bungarribee Jack, and Sparkes chaperoned by the Sprig of Myrtle and Hough. Hands were crossed —the men retired—peeled-and obedient to the summons of the Referee at once commenced. THE FIGHT. Round I.-Both men advanced with alacrity. -As they toed the scratch, the disparity in their condition was apparent to all. Sparkes showing splendid training, as fine as a star, with his flesh firm, and wearing the unmistake- able hue of vigorous health,' while Sinclair, on the con trary, exhibited a looseness of muscle, and a flabbiness - altogether the reverse. As they threw themselves into position, the attitudes of the belligerents was strikingly beautiful, Sparkes keeping his feelers at a judicious-eleva- tion, and the General evincing far greater cau- tion than characterised his first meeting with the New Zealander. No time was lost in getting to work, Sinclair feinted with his right, Sparkes retiring, when the Pet unceremoniously followed him up, planted his left on the windpipe, and Sparkes, after an ineffectual attempt at retalia- tion, slipped down. 2\. -Sinclair rushed determinedly at his man, catching him heavily on the ribs. Heki beat a retreat round the ring, when, after a few ex- changes, in which Sinclair nabbed an unen- viable mouthful, the Utter retorted with a round banded blow on the back of the neck, which sent Sparkes to earth'. 3\. -No lack of confidence in either man ; Heki essayed his left, getting home slightly on the ribs, and on receiving a like'visitation, got down. 4\. -Sinclair feinted, and almost simultaneously threw in his dexter tnawley on the jugular, which the Cannibal Chief acknowlrdged by a smart tap on the listener. A snort rally, with mutual exchanges, when Paddy administered a right-handed crack on the nut, which sent Sparkes to grass. 5\. -The Emeralder went to market on the in- stant, his polite Intentions being cordially re- ciprocated and assiduously responded to by Sparkes, who let Oy right and left at the bullet head of his opponent ; Sinclair essayed a ter- rific upper-cut, which Heki dexterously avoided, and the latter sending in a tickler on the ribs, once more turned squatter. \- 6.- Both meu, tbo General in particular, showing symptoms of distress. Sparkes feinted with Ins left, when Sinclair went in right and left, chasing his man round the ring. Severe exchanges followed. Sparkes eventually falling in his own corner. 7\. -Paddy came up, eyeiag his ..trotters, and trying the "downy" dodge, in hopes of drawing the badger, but Sparkes, up io the manouvre, was not to be had, and after an interchange of body blows, sought the protection of the green sward. 8\. -The same rapid style of. fighting pursued. The men anxious, but wary, hit out right and left. After a bustling rally, Sinclair bore his 'antagonist to the ropes and closed. The Aus- tralian here contrived to encircle the Emeraldei's neck in a strong embrace, but his affectionate efforts to engage him in a chancery suit were unsuccessful, and after some ineffectual fibbing, the New Zealander catching the General round the loins, fairly brought him to the turf. Both men down, Sinclair under. ([Tremendous cheer- ing from the Sparkites.] 9\. -As the men advanced, the argus-eyej Dan, pointing to the right cheek of the New Zealander, from which a sanguif.-rous drop or two was slowly- oozing, claimed "first blood for 'Sinclair." A brief but jobbing rally, the Aus- tralian napping some severe^ visitations on tit» conk, one of which induced bim to drop. 10\. -This was a most exciting and terrific round. Sinclair's hawk-eye gleamed ominously on Heki, and bent on mischief, he rushed to the close ; Sparkes hastily retreated, followed by Paddy, who fairly compelled his uaan to fight. Hit for hit was the order of the day ; science ? succumbed to gameness, and after a murderous onslaught, which told with fearful effect on Sparke*'* upper story, the latter got down. * H.-Sinclair's bulluws working heavily. Sparkes got home slightly with his right on the brawny chest of his opponeut, who reciprocated the favour on the ribs, un which the Australian, smiling his gratitude, slipped down. 12.-The Patlander UU off right and left, planting a crusher on the ribs, accepted, pay- able at sight by Heki, who returning the loan with interest, Sinclair hit short with his left, and went down from the effects of his own blow. 13.-The Australian advanced ujiuiy to uis man, who quietly retiring to bis corner, there resumed the offensive and compelled his autogo nist to make a retrogade movement, closed with him at the ropes in the opposite corner, where after a sharp rally-Sparkes cleverly pitched his man through the ropes. Both down, Sinclair under. \ M.-This was a slaughtering round. Sin- clair's right and left were busy about his oppo- nent's nob and neck; Sparkes-thoroughly i game, ineffectually retorted, receiving repeated jobs on the mug which added but little to his I personal- attractions. Sparkes's deliveries were '.? short and wild, and he eventually fell from shear exhaustion. ' 13.-Sparkes evidently distressed, but reso- . Iutely facing his more powerful competitor. Sin- clair put in a staggerer with bis right on the cheek, followed it up by repeating jobbing hits on the phiz and jugular, and Heki eventually sank beneath the vigorous arm of the General. ld tb and last. - Sparkes, bewildered and ' - groggy, opened the ball by a heavy lunge on the ribs. Sinclair not to be outdone in polite- ness, planted heavily on his favourite spots, the head and neck. A slashing rally followed, in : i which'severe exchanges took place. Sinclair j now seemed bent on mischief, and, as though ¡ resolved to bring matters to a conclusion, j rushed into his man right and left, giving bim i four terrific jobs in succession with his left, and I a fearful stinger under the left lug with his [ right, closed, and throwing his man heavily i effectually sent him to slumber. (Vociferous cheering for Paddy, while the backers of Sparkes bore their insensible champion to his corner.) Time was called in vain, and the ear of the gal- lant Australian being deaf to the summons, the sponge was thrown up in acknowledgment of defeat, while amidst the congratulatory cheers of the gratified spectators, Sinclair retired al- most scatheless from the struggle, after an un- usually rapid, brief, but intensely exciting fight of sixteen rounds, not exceeding Suvts.N'rut:* MINUTES in duration. REMARKS. The fight of which the above is as faithful a record as the extraordinary brevity and rapidity of the rounds admit of, cannot be said to hare ? been characterized by any peculiarly scientific demonstrations of the art. lt rather assumed the character of an uninterrupted contest, testing to the uttermost the game «nd stamin i of the combatants. Victory has once more smiled on the Port Phillippian, whose pugilistic superiority is now based on a double foundation, flic his- tory of his successes, both in this and the sister colonies, has so recently appeared in our columns, that it were here unneccessary to recapitulate them. A more undaunted fighter, or one more uprightly disposed (barring the somewhat mys- terious eccentricity of his demeanour) never stripped in Australia's ring, and to despoil the " stranger " of his "blushing honors," will, doubtless be now the grand ambition of our na- tive youth. Sparkes entered the ring under the two-fold disadvantage of a previous defeat and a consciousness of being over weighed. Out-fought and out-witted at every point, he nevertheless .exhibited an intrepidity and resolution, at least worthy of success, and which eutitles him to the indulgence and sy mpalhy, both of his immediate friends", and professional opponents. Fighting as he did, almost against hope, his manly eilorts to retrieve his forfeited laurels, claim our admira- tion, and whatever doubts may previously have 1 rested upon his reputation for courage, they I must, we conceive, even in defeat,'be now trium- I pliantly dispelled to the satisfaction of the caa- I did and unprejudiced. I 