THE HAUNTED HOUSE. bv mrs. MAXCtS k. ntVIEJ. (Extracted from her .\femories of Gibraltar.) At the north end of the South Pa rade, immediately above Blackstrap, hill, from which it is, or was, divided \- by a loog strip of garden ground, there stretches a terrace, skirted by a low- range of officers out quarters, and at the end there is a house of two stories. Luke all apaoith bouses it is most ela- corately furnished with bolls, bars, and all the appendages with which suspicion entrenches itself against exterior as sao ts. For several mootfas it had stood unoccupied, for to il were attached ta'es of jealousy an j murder. Ghostly visitan'g were said to wan-'er there, making night hideous with waTings for peace or vengeance. Two or three j families, tempted by the beauty of its j position, had, at different periods become its tenants, bat all had been haunted out — when by one of those inexpli cable military evolutions by which soldiers are prorokingly put on the alert without, an cognizable motive, our regiment was removed from the north to the sooth barracks. I was ! then a very young wife, and bad been a I little spoiled by being allowed superior t accommodations — and when I learned j that inch indulgence could no longer be afforded, I was piqned into accepting the General of tbe brigade's laugh, iog challenge to accept the haunted house. Greatly to our comfort, and perhaps to the disappointment of oar mentors, who had predicted our speedy retreat, night followed night, and weeks suc- ceeded, yet no ghostly visitant robbed Itur pillow of rest — not a mouse stirred —not a board creaked. The nine days' wonder died a natural death, nd the horrid freaks of the nocturnal rambler had become a tale of the past. Bat, lo ! our triumph wat destined to be short lived, for la'c, one evening. Captain , a frieod, and myself, sa' dawdling over o'd anecdotes, when suddenly my husband's attention became ahsorb-d by an object not visi ble to us. but which bis eyes earnestly seemed to follow a'ong the side of the apartment opposite to where we sit He decla'ed that he had distinctly seen a veiled woman glide along the room and enter the bedchamher — nor would he be convinced of bis delation until the whole suite of aparlm-nts bad un dergone a rigid scrutiny. Three ntgh-s after this occurrence we ware walking with the same companion on the terrace. It was the hour when the sh',rt twilight was departing, and the riginz moon ren dered objects dimly visible. A smart breeee swept chillingly from the sea, and as we turned, our friend proposed lo fetch my shawl, which I bad left in the drawing room. . When, after a aomewhat protracted absence, he rejoin ed us, he looked constrained and even agitated. A few words of ralliery brought bim to confession. ' Jl is but just,' said be, ' that I, who have to mercilessly quizzed others, should, io turn, sus-ain my share of .ridicule. Scarcely had I set my foot within the outer door when I became conscious that I wat not alone. The light was loo imp-rfect for me to distinguish objects, but I felt that sensation of proximity so clear and definite even when the eyes are clo ed. As I pasted on I beard the sound of a light foot fall, of a flowing drapery, as, by its movement, it wafted the air against my face. 1 stood still — so did my companion. I went forward — so did she. When I turned, she follow- .my example — and when, having accomplished my mission, I. retraced my steps, she accompanied me to the threshold. There a sudden moonbeam revealed the figure of the veiled lady. I endeavoured to grasp her, but I clasped air. Still she was there, stand ing motionless beside me. And, as I went towards her, I felt, or fancied, that her breath swept palpably across my'face. Bat when, hoping that she would des- cend with me, I crusted the threshold, be suddenly turned and seemed rapidly to retrace her slept. Then, and not till then, I felt a supernatural fear creep through my veins." A tale so confimalory of tbe captain's convictions was received by him with entire confidence, by inyielf with grave consideration, for its narrator was a man of known bravery and ofa rnosthaughly spirit. He was, likewise, a a I had often heard my dear father say, »a Mason good and true,' and imile not, gentle reader, while I confess that the pledged word of such an one to tbe daughter of a ' Royal Arch' was lo me then a startling evidence of truth. I know not what credence I might have been disposed to give lo such testimony, for time and experience unveil many delusions. Nor did 1 know what fide- \- lily may now exist among the Masonic brotherhood. I have been told that they themselves declare that their an. cient bonds are ' out of date ' It may'be so j but I hope that it is otherwise, for 1 have, in foreign lands seen much kinduess extended, and much good done by them in the the simple discharge of an acknowledged duty ; and it is pain ful indeed to learn to despise those \- institutions which, in early life, we re- ' sprcled. For two succeeding evenings no fur ther event disturbed our quiet; but on the third, captain was absent on duty, and u young friend, who resided with her grandr-iuther, an officer's widow, iu a pretty wiie-coveied villa i near the Moorish fc'ostle, and who, I had reason tu know, was entirely ignorant of the 'secrets of my mansion,' came to spend a few days with me. A new ser vant maid wa« also added to the etla. blishrnent, who, upon this orcnion, wat . ordered lo occupy a sofa to the drawing room, that she might be within caU. It was one o'clock, when I was awaken ed by my friend, who shudderingly im plored me to admit the maid into our apartment, as both bad been greatly ter rified by strange noises. This intitna'ion. enforced by the woman's impatient efforts to gain an entrance, startled and alarmed me, ao I, hand in hand, we groped our way lo tbe door, and, suffering the maid to pass in, we again carefully closed and se- cared it. Hardly had w.j regained onr bed, and the shivering creature crouched down on tbe floor beside it, before we heard a heavy rumbling noise in the adjoining room. Tben tbe furniture was violently flnng Torn aide to side, as if by tbe movement of a bare quadru- ped. Then came a crash at the chamber door, so load that every pane of glass seemed shattered. Then came a rushing into onr chamber, and as the terrible intruder coursed ra- tiJIy round, tbe air was borne into onr faces for a few moments, and and then all was again still ; a rtil- ness deep and appalling unbroken even by onr breathing, whicb we held suspended, iu an azonv of apprehen- sion. Suddenly close, close to oar ears arose a wild, unearthly- shriek ; and then sncceeded the silence of a grave. The cold dews of horror poured dowo our chill and ghastly faces, as we clang trembling logeiber; and the stranger worn in crept closer and closer, her teeth chattering, and her low gasptngs rising at intervals into audible moans. Again came the fearful noises, the bundling!, tbe crashiog. the shrieking, and the stillness. The keys of the instrument were swept with a wild and rapid touch : the bolts were heard to I fly back ; the doors flew open at a bound -, again tbe glars was rent and shattered; and tbe coursing as of the wild huoter of the Hartz Mountain whirled madly from room to room. So passed those hours of terror. An age was compressed withio their com pass. Shat we survived tbem, girls as we were, unprotected, in darkness, the interminable darkness of those long, long hours, was a miracle About three o'clock this terrible festival ceased ; but not ao eye was closed by any of us. Al the first gleam of day the stranger woman, waiting neither re ward nor explanation, departed ; nor ever from that hour could commands or entreaties induce her to return to the haunted home. And my friend, whose courage, like my own, revived at the sight of the blessed sun, was. when eveniog came, no leu determined to re turn to her home. Give me credit, gentle reader, that I, too, did not quit this unquiet roof; bnt, animated by the roman-ic ardour of y >ulh, which found a charm in the sublimely hor rible, I remained determined lo abide the result, for stiil I clung to the be lief that tbe gbo»t was mortal, and ool spiritual. Yet tbe management of the ghastly machinery was most skilfol and occult, for, notwithstanding its ubiquit ous properties, its bursting of doors, aud all its insane gambols, when m ru ing- came not an article was displaced, not a bolt drawn, not s square of glass broken. Reader, smile not, I write of that which time has rendered vener able. I doubted then ; I am not de ceived now, These things were real, not imaginary. Yet I pardon those those who disbelieve me, for tbe aciual participation of the fact scarcely suf ficed to convince myself From this 'time forward every third night was marked by a similar dis turbance. Sometimes when sitting late, with a crowded party, the e antics would be performed, now in an adjoin ing apartment on the left, now on the right hand ; yet, when a ruth wat made to detect the intruder, none could be found, Thk character of tbe noises, too, presented an end'ess variety ; soinerimes it was the cracking of a coach whip; sometimes the furniture was beaten with a cudgel ; while my poor pianoforte formed a fsvon rile di version. V A l last, wearied both in patience and health, I privately determined to watch, not alone. No, no ; my cou rage had been too severely tested to permit me to vaunt any such gratui tous heroism ; but, apprehensive that my nusuana s extorts ot the like kind had been too widely broited, it was not till our doors were closed for tbe night and that tbe access of the servants was, by the peculiar construction of the house, barred out, that I whispered to him my request that he would endea vour to remain awake. He readily consented to join in my design, which, thanks to my Spanish lore and martial training, was as romantic as il was stern: to confront! lo adjure I and to quiet the ghost I It was jiearly twelve when we retired. It was the porten- luous third night.' 1 bad carefully ar ranged tbe draperies of the chamber so that they might present no obstruction to the sight ;and not till thoroughly convinced that we were alone in that part of the house, and that defences were well, secured, did we betake our selves to our watching concb. - Soon the hideous din commenced ; yet vainly did we strain our eyes to follow those riotous indications. The candles sti.l burned undimmed, but their light afforded no assistance,' fur not an object was visible. At last my attention was drawn to a window that overlooked' the garden. I started; gazed again ; yet again I It was an illusion ! I grasped my husband's arm with a maniac's strength ; I called up on b m with a choking voice ; and, while my glaring eyes fixed fascinated upon the object of my terror twice, thrice, I called bim. He answered ool, moved oot ! Horror ! he slept ! and there, white, all white, from head to foot, stood opposite to me — a man ! silent and motionless, his face towards the window. At the sound of my voice he turned, bnt his brow dhsoped, and, thongh my eyes fastened npon him. I could not peruse his features At tbe second call he advanced nearer, nearer 1 I rose gradually, tottering, breathless, etch several hair erect, and a death'y dew oozing from every pore. I reared myself to my koees. The figure was near, — was beside me ! i Close! close! My lips opened, the adjuration gurgled unintelligibly in my throat, and, as a ghastly hand was ex. tended towards me, my brain grew like fire, mv senses reeled, and I fell head- long. and lost to memory, on ibe floor. What followed I know not ; nor coold the captain explain how he was aronsed to my assistance. He found me senseless, and day was breaking be fore tbe united cares of the household and tbe medical officer, hastily snm- moned, could restore me to recollectioo Bat never shall I forget that fearful fca'fal awakening. A long illness fol- lowed, which rendered my removal more dangerous than desirable. But onr purpose was aoswered. Yes, the ghot iras laid.' a fact of whicb I had full opportunity to become assured, for, with true womanhood, f grew attached to tbe place through the medium of its penalties, and can with the same un- garniihed honesty that has character ized the ghosts' visits, record, that nei ther I nor aoy succeding tennant have, since that night been annoyed bv the intrntion of the veiled lady or the white gentleman in the haunted honte. 