PARRAIATTA. On Sundaf, the. 20th instant, his Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, offered up the Eucharistic Sacrifice in St. Patrick's Church, Ptrramatta, at 8 o'clock, and administered the Holy Communion to' ..out one hundred and ten, ninety of whom approached the holy c. mmunion then'for-the first time. At the Gospel his Grace preached, 'addressing especially the children, who were about to make their' first 'com'munion. His Lordship explained briefly in what consisted the holy Eucharist-its being the true, teal, and substantial body d blood of Jesus Christ, undertthe accidents of bread and wine, containing Jesus Christ. whole and.entire, as may be easily proved pon the principles of Christ's impassibility and immortality, and' of the indissolubility of the hypostaticunion of the Divine nature "in the person of the son with the humanity. This doctrine we are ta" Iglit by our rule of faith, viz., the word of God interpreted by the Church- the word of God, " This is my body; this is ny' blood." Also, " The bread that I will give is my flesh for the life of the 'world." His, Lordship explained also the disposition necessary in orrnler to approach worthily; and the terrific sentence they bring on themselves who approach unworthily. After this he exhorted hem to acknowledge in true humility their unworthiness; but if t conscious of deliberate faults against infinite goodness, uncon fessed and.unreprented of,, they were to centre all their confidence in God, and thus approach the giver of all good gifts, him who says, "' Come 'to me all you that labour and' are burdened, and I will re fresh you' At 11 o'clock Father Hallinan oftfered up'the holy sacrifice, at the end of: which his .Grace,'wearing his mitre and the other pontifical robes suited to the occasion, took his seat a little in front of the altar of sacrifice, and with paternal affection addressed those who were about to receive the sacrament of Confirmation. The Pontiffin structed them as to the nature of Confirmation, its effects, and the dispositions necessary in order that the soul may be duly prepared to receive those inestimable advantages. He pointed out the descent of the Holy Ghost on the Apostles on the day of Pentecost, as the first confirmation, and dwelt upon its influence on them, contrasting their fortitude subsequent, with their .fear prior, to' that event., From the 8th chapter of the Acts, his Grace qtioted the following passage as giving an account of confirmation administered by the' Apostles : ' They' (Peter;and John) ' laid their hands upon them, (the Samaritans)' and they received the Holy Ghost.' He instructed the children that, whereas it was not now necessary to establish by miracles the divine institution of the sacrament, the visible descent of the Holy Ghost was not to be expected, as. was usual in Apostolic times ; but that the soul, if duly disposed, would now equally as in former ages be replenished with that grace which by its institution was the nature of the sacrament to confer-the maturity of Christian strength, strength to make open profession of our religion whenso ever the glory of God, the edification of the neighbour, or our owbn spiritual' good called for such profession-strength to bear with ameek fortitude the various trials of Christian pilgrimage. His Grace then exhorted them to pray fervently to the author of grace to dispose their souls duly for receiving the sevenfold gifts of the Holy Ghost. The sermon having been finished, the Pontiff, assisted by Dr. Gregory, V.G., and by the Very Rev. Father M'Encroe, Dean of Sydney, administered the sacrament ; he sat in front of the altar, and those to be confirmed presiet~ted themlselves before him, two and two ; the females came first, and wore white veils, with which they veiled their faces on being confirmed. The nunber confirmed was about ninety. After the sacrament had been administered, his Grace addressed himself especially to the parents, impressing upon their minds the duty of instructing their children-first, by an example of a holy life. and especially by giving them a Christian education, such as willbe a shield against infidelity and immorality. The exhortation having been finished, benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament was given by his Grace, after which the congre gation departed, instructed and edified.- Communicated. 