iomttestic nttelitgense. -o Tua Costoats DBPARTatENT.-T.etters have been received, per Stag., from R. S. Webb, Esq.. late Sub. Collector of Customs at this port, conveying the gratifying intelligence that he had succeeded in relieving himself with the Board of Customs of the whole of the surcharges made against himself, ex cepting £32 some odd shillings, and that the Board had conferred upon him the appointment of Chief Clerk of Customs at the Port of Sydney, with a salary of £300 per annum. Private letters received by the same opportunity, mention that Mr. Darch, who is at present Collector of Customs at New Zealand. with a salary of 5'.01. per annum, had, at his own re quest, been re-appointed Collector ;of ;Customs at Launceston, Van Diemen's Land, the salary of whicl oflice is only £350.-Melbourne Argus, Jan. 25. SrstALNao.-Two men named William Prior and Richard Thompson, both in the service of Mr. Richard Crampton, were charged with stealing a sail cloth, cedar, spirits. &c.;, the property of Mr. Crampton. Prisoners were in charge of Mr. Cramp ton's booth at Fort Macquarie on the day of the Anniversary Regatta. The next morning, how ever, tents, spirits, cedar benches, &c.;, all vanished, Prior and Thompson following them, on the follow ing day, on. being accused of taking them. They were, however, subsequently apprehended; but the Bench dismissed the ease, leaving Mr. Crampton to deal with them under the hired Servants Act for the breach of trust. STrSA.No raot A PunLsc House.-The two men, Mooney and Rutter, who have been in custody since Monday last, charged with stealing 181. from the house of Mr. Gallagher, of the Punch Bowl Inn, Gloucester-street, were yesterday discharged, thera being no evidence against them. AssAU.L.--Willlam Read was yesterday charger before the City Police Court with assaulting Helena Lynch, of the South llead Road, by striking her a violent blow on the sihle of the head. As defendant's only excuse was that complainant bad assaulted hiis pig, the Bendc sentenced him to pay a fine of ten shillings and costs, or to be imprisoned for fourteen days. ASsAULTING A Boy.-Yesterday, a man named James Fergusson appeared on summons, before the City Police Court, charged with having assaulted James Hilton, a young lad only twelve years of age, and beating them with a stick. It appeared that the boy had got himself into disgrace with the defendant, by throwing stones at an old man driving a cart, whereupon hie provided himself with a stick, and adminstered a certain portion of chastisement to the boy, for which thllbenchl sentenced him to pay a finhe of forty shillings and costs, or in default to be im prisoned for twenty-one days. The defendant magnanimously declared his intention to go to gaol. CosttrTTha.-A man named Robert Vine was yesterday fully committed, by the City Police Bench, to take his trial for stealing a watch,the property of one Rapely. Prisoner and Rapely were drinking together at O'Connell Town, when they began sky larking together, in the course of which innocent recreation Rapely lost lis' watch. Having some slight suspicion when he missed it, that it was rather improbable that the watch should have gone of itself, he accused Vine of taking it, who, on being pressed, acknowledged the fact, and gave it up. VIOLENT ASAuOL.T.--On Tuesday last, it man named William Jennings, was given into the custody of constable A 25, by one Samuel Essam, charged with having violently assaulted one Elizabeth Wise man on the previous Saturday, as well as with having attacked Essam's house on the Tuesday, armed with an axe, with which he broke open the door, and threatened the lives of the inmates. On the examination of Mrs. Wiseman, at the City Police Court, yesterday, sihe confessed that the matter had originated in drink, both parties being.. to blame, and requested the bench to take no further notice of the matter. The case was consequently discharged. RATnUa STRANGE LAW.-Heory Webb appeared on summons at the City Police Court on Tuesday last, charged with having assaulted Elizabeth Forbes, a resident of Castlereagh-street. On Saturday last, complainant was passing along Castlereagh-street when defendant, between whom and complainant there was a long standing quasrel, lie being at pre. sent under recognjzances at her instance to keep the peace, met her and abused her, using the must abusive, coarse, and obscene language, and spitting in her face. Defendant denied the charge, and com plainant not having any witnesses in attendance, the Mayor, who with Mr. Henderson heard the case, expressed his determination to dismiss the charge. Mr. G. R. Nichols, who appeared for the prosecu tion, protested against such a course; there was the clear and positive testimony of the complainant deposed to on oath, as to the commission of the assault, and ihe contented that the mercallegations of the defendant, not on oath, could not be put in the scale with the evidence of an unimpeached.and un interested witness, such as the complainant. The Mayor said that in cases of assault, lie should always dismiss the charge when tlhe evidence of tie com plaianst was unsupported by other testimony. Mr. Nichols submitted respectfully thlat justice could not be done if such a course were pursued, as parties would only have to watch an opportunity to commit assaults when there iere no witnesses, to get out of all responsibility for their acts. The Mayor per sisted in his view of the case, and as the two magis trates on the Lenclh could not agree, the summons was ordered to stand over unadjudicated. DoMESTIC QuaaRELS.-The numerous cases that are brought before the City Police Court, and by which the time of the magistrates is taken up herl lessly, is really astonishing. Husbands bringing iup their wives, and wives charging their husbands with assault; the whole of which cases generally terminate in dismissal, after some half hour has been wasted over them. On Tuesday there were no less titan three cases of this sort heard at tihe City Police Court. The first was one Margaret Sheppard, confined at the instance of a man, with whom site had been for some years cohabiting, and to whom sihe had, borne two children, charged with being illegally on his premises ; the bench dismissed this case, the more especially as the poor woman said that she had only gone to see her children. The next case was one of an assault, in which James Mosley was charged with beating and illusing Maria Burke, a frail one with whom lie had shared bed and board for some time past; in this case Mosley was bound to keep the peace, himself in £10, and two sureties in £5 each. . The last was also a charge of assault, preferred by Thomas Lowry against his better half, Rebecca, while, on Saturday last, had asserted tlhe superiority of tihe female over the .male sex by knocking her hlusband down with a paling; but as Thomas was willing to overlook his wife's peculiari. ties, and again:meet her in peace andil amity, the case was dismissed. A.J N..o~ rnOTHEr.-On Monday afternoon, and during tile height of tihe business trafic that crowds our city streets, tite passers by in Market-street, were much shocked by seeing a woman very much intoxi cated, rolling along the middle of the road, riglht in the centre of lwhich sie dleposited an infant shie had In her alms whicis was scarcely four months old. Numerous vehicles were passing at tihe time, several of which narrowly escaped running over the child. B. 27, who was passing at tihe time, secured the woman and her unfortunate infant, and confined her i tihe watchbouse. Sihe was brought before the Police Couit on Tuesday, but promising better behaviour, was discharged. FATArL ACCIDENT.-On Tuesday morning last, a man named M'Minning fell from thle main cross trees of tite ship IVigrams, lying in tihe Cove, in Isis descent he struck against tihe ratlines and combings of the ship, his lhead coming in contact with the rdwlocks ofa beat, which was lying alongside, when he instantly sank, and did not appear above water again. From the force with whic hle ca? e down hle must have died almost instantancously. Every exertion was used to recover the body on the day on which the unfortunate accident occurred,and yestler day to no purpose. A number of the South Sea Islanders were also engagedl in diving for it, but up to last evening we had not heard of its being found. THE LATE MR. MIAnCI)IMnOT.-We have this day the painful duty to record thie ilemie of Mr. iIenry Macdermott, late Mayor of this city, whose death occurred quite suddenly on 'tuesday mnorning last Ar. Macdermnoltl had beets for some time in a very had state of health, but latterly some hopes had been entertained of his ultimate recovery, and on Monday hie said hle felt better than he had done for sonme time past. Early on Tuesday morning hie left home with hiis son for the putrpose of bathing, at the bathing house in the Domain, at whicish lime hle appeared to be in tolerably good spirits, lie remaincd in the water for two or tisiee miinutes, and on getting out went into the dressing room without any assistance, where he dried himself and cosrmenced dressing; but almost immediately a sudden change came over him, Ilis head sunk, he became speechless, and fell oilff the seat. Dr. Silver happening to be in the bathing house at the time, Mr. M.'s son called to-him for assistance, but all human help was unavailing, and shortly afterwards he died. The body was conveyed to his late residence, and in the afternoon an inquest was held upon it, at which the above facts were deposed to by Mr. Macdermott's son. Dr. Silver stated that he was at the bathing house about seven o'clock on Tuesday morning, when lie was called upon to see the' deceased, who had been taken sud denly ill; he was then conscious, but incapable of speaking. Dr. S. administered some warm drinks, and applied warm water in bottles to the feet, and also sent for Mr. M.'s usual medical attendant. About half an hour after witness first saw deceased, he raised hias hand and put away the spoon with which the drink was being administered, and at the same time his breathing became difficult, with a frothing at the mouth. Dr. Silver recommended bleeding in the4 temporal artery,but Mrs. Macder mott, who was present, wished to wait for the arrival of Dr. Foulis, who arrived in about a quarter of an hour, but deceased Was then nearly dead. The symptoms were such as lei Dr. S. to think that death was caused by apoplexy. Dr. Foulis stated that he had attended deceased on behalf of Dr. M'Crae for two montlis past; he saw him on Monday, when deceased inquired if lie might resume cold bathing, as he had derived much benefit from it. Dr. Foulis said lie saw nothing to prevent it, but directed him to Jump into the water head-foremost, which it ap pears the deceased did not' do, and Dr. F. was of opinion that death had been caused by a determina tion of blood to the head, consequent on the appli cation of cold to the body. The jury, after hearing the above evidence, returned a verdict of death from natural causes. CnARGE oF SEAsIN.so.-Thomas James Walters was yesterday charged, before the City Police Court, with having stolen a quantity of household furniture and wearing apparel from the house of a man named fucker. It appeared that at one period Walters had been cohabiting with Tucker's wife, during which period the lady had gathered together certain goods and chattels, when a sudden recollection of duty coming over her,. she returned to her deserted home, and ' to the arms of her "husband. But, unable to keep long in the same mind, she last week again left her husband, and went to live on the Surry Bills, taking with her the whole of the household furniture, clothes, &c.;, which were her property. Walters, residing in the next house to that occupied by Mrs. Tucker, forced the husband to believe that the acquaintance between them had been renewed, and a charge of stealing was consequently preferred against Walters. As there was no evi dence to connect the prisoner with the taking or holding the things, Mr. Nicholls, who appeared on prisoner's behalf, submitted that he n.ust be dis charged. The case was dismissed. THE NIGHT DANCER.-John Webster was charged at the City Police Court, yesterday, with having been found illegally upon the premises of Miss Mary Mickleburgh, a damsel resident in Elizabeth-street. It appeared that for the last two months Miss Mary's peace had been frightfully disturbed by the vision of a man, which nightly flitted about the verandah, the kitchen, tile backyard, nay, everywhere. At times a head peered in upon her through the parlour win dow, and even the hallowed precincts of that damsel's bedchamber were not safe from the nocturnal visit ant, as his gleaming eyes had been seen through the darkness of the night endeavouring to pierce through the muslin curtains of her chamber window. Miss Mary's frailty making her peculiarly sensitive, an application was made to the police, and constable B 21 managed to lay the ghost by consigning Mr. Webster to the watchhouse. As, however, he pro mised better behaviour for the future, and vowed never to go near the house again, the bench dis charged him. DauNi.ARns' LIsr.-On Tuesday there were four teen drunkards on ithe list, three of whom were dis charged, the remainder being sentenced to pay a fine of ten shillings or suffer twenty-four hours incar ceration. Yesterday there were ten drunkards, two of whom, it being their first offence, were discharged, and the remainder dealt with in the same manner as the delinquents of the previous day. ScniooL or Aars.-The annual meeting of the members of this institution was held on Tuesday evening for the purpose of hearing the report and of electing office bearers for the ensuing year. The report having been read and adopted,votes of thanks were awarded to the past officers, and to those gentlemen who had aided the institution by gratui tous lectures. An alteration was also made in the laws to the effect that any member of committee who should absent himself from three consetutive meet inos should be regarded as having vacated his office unless iais non-attendance had been occasioned by indisposltion,or other sufficient cause. The follow ing gentlemen were chosen by ballot to hold office for the ensuing year :-President, The Hon. Chas. Nicholson, M.D.; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. Arthur a'Beckett, A. Michie, George Bennett, and Henry Hollinshled; Treasurer, Mr. Thomas Cowlishaw; Committee, Messrs. J. H. Rutlter, Joseph Yeomans, .R. Peelk, R. Hill, Thomas Hughes, W. Bradbridge, John Caldwrell, David Peden, N. H. Eager, William Patten, R. W. Goodall, Allan HLIolliushed. Robert Stewart, and Richard Driver; Auditors, Messrs. George Miller, C. Kemp, and T. W. Cape. Tihe meeting was adjourned until half-past seven o'clock on Tuesday evening next. COUNTY or DuaIAst.-Two candidates are in the field for the representation of the County of Dur ham- Mr. S. A. Donaldson and Mr. Jas, Martin. The addresses of these gentlemen to the electors of the county will be foundl in another part of to-day's issue. lrquserss.-An inquest was hIeld on Monlay last at the Wheat Sheaf Inn, George- street South, on the body of Henry Dense, a man about thirty yearstf age. It appeared from the evidence t'lhat the de ceased left home on Saturday morning to attend to his work,apparently in his usual state of health, and on his way home at dinner-time hle fell down and expired immediately, Mr. Phillips, surgeon, of Chlippendale, made a post mortem examination of the body, and was of opinion tlhat death had been caused by apoplexy. The jury returned a verdictof died bIy the visitation of God. ThIe deceased was a remarkably sober mant, andt bore an excellent cha racter;amongst hiis ineighbourrs and fellow- workmen. lie lhas left a wife in a very delicate state of hiealth and three small children to deplore hIis loss ; but we are glad to hear that a soubscrirption lhas been com menced for their relief.~-Anothler irnquest was iheld at the s:amre time and [lace on ie btlody of Ann Rose, a woman'r about forty yea;rs of age, who died in tihe llBenevolent Asyluma on Saturday evening, to which insittitution she had only bcen admitted a few hIours precviously. Mr. Russell, the resident surgeon,ccr tifiled that death was thie result of natural causes, and tre jury returned a verdict accordiuoly.-A ithird tnqrest Wvas Ihel err tire oasre day at tlhe Mother Red cap, corner of Castlereagh and Goulburn-streets, on the body of Margaret Lamunt, an infant three days old. It appeared that the child had been suf fering from convulsions from its birth, and Dr. Tierney having made a post mortem examination. certified that death had ensued from natural causes, and the jury returned a verdict to that effect. "SuPaBME CouaT.-His Excellency the Governor has appointed His Honor Mr. Justice Manning to be Primary Judge in Equity of the Supreme Court. VIOcas.ADnstIl TY CooaT.-His Excellency the Governor has appointed Mr. George Pownall, to be Registrar, and Mr. Charles Lowe, to be Marshal of the Vice- dmiralty Court. SYDNEY DISP'ENsAaY AND INFIRuAEY.-Dr. M'Kellar and Mr. Charles Nathan were on Tuesday elected, the former as Physician and the latter as Surgeon. GaEAT MEaTINz OF CATHOLICS IN LONDON.-In order to make room for a full report of the impor tant and interesting meeting held in London on the 20th September last, and also for other highly inter esting matter relative to European affairs, we have omitted the continuation of the tale of " Geraldine" in the present number, and we shall likewise do so in our next, after which it will be resumed. (ADnvEaTIEtMBNT.] -RE5?AaKABLE CURB. iY HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS.-Extract of a letter from Hampton, New Brunswick, dated February 10, 184,-To Professor Holloway, Sir,-K son of mine, sixteen years of age, was afflicted with ulcers on his limbs and body for more than three years, from which small pieces of bone had been removed from time to time. I applied to'several medical men in St. John's, but all to.no purpose. I was then induced to try your Ointment and Pills, which made a complete cure. Several months have since elapsed, and there is not the slightest appear ance of their return. (Signed) JAMES WUET Moan. 