THE GHOST OF A GOOSE. "My lord, there are ten thousand---- Geese, villain! Where got'st thou that goose-look?"—SHAKSPEARE. There's an obstinate man who enjoys his own way, So he dines upon goose each Michaelmas-day; And the following morning he's sure to be ill, And nothing relieves him but draught and blue pill; And when his friends warn him he scorns what they say, For he will have roast goose on a Michaelmas- day. Now, it happened last Wednesday was Michael- mas-day, And this obstinate fellow said, "Follow what may," (And his manner of speaking was more than absurd), "I will have a feed on my favourite bird;" He was asked to dine out; but he sent an excuse, For his friend would not promise a Michaelmas- goose. There's a tavern not far from the "East" or the "West," Where attendance is good, and the fare is the best; Where scores of men sup, and where SOME PEOPLE dine, (More especially those who like "43" wine); Where the young men "refresh" themselves after the play, And they always cook geese on a Michaelmas-day. Here this obstinate man joined "a dinner for four," And astonished his friends as his plate went for more; A leg, and a wing, and a slice of the breast, And a very small piece of the part he liked best. In turn were demolished; thus playing the deuce, And "a good knife and fork" on the form of the goose. After "latin" discussions there followed port wine; And the party broke up about half-after nine. And the obstinate man sought his rest for the night, With his body quite full and his head rather light; And he said a short prayer, being no harden'd sinner, And he begg'd that no harm might result from his dinner. This obstinate man, as he dozed on his back, Heard an ornothological voice crying "Quack! Attend now to me, for the truth shall be heard— The goblin, you see, is the ghost of a bird!" He opened his eyes, and there, to his sight, Was a glorified goose in a halo of light! She had perch'd herself up on the back of a chair, And she flapp'd her large wings up and down in the air; She was white as drift snow, and her eyes were bright red, As they goggled their gleams on the man in the bed. "My aim, like your room," she exclaimed, "is pitch dark— I'm not a green mouse merely out for a LARK. You eater of goose-flesh—you foe to my race— To revenge all our wrongs I have sought out this place; You have fed on my members, and ate from my breast, And tickled your maw with the part you like best; Now, I'll feed on your form, lying panting and puffing, As you fed upon mine, only barring the stuffing." Then down flew the goose, and she tore off an arm, And she gnaw'd off the flesh that was reeking and warm; And she threw down the bone when she no more could pick, And she whip'd off a leg ere he'd time for one kick. And she laugh'd as she term'd it "a splendid drum stick," While the obstinate man could not utter a word, As he steadfastly stared at the cormorant bird. Then he inwardly pray'd for immediate death, And he thought it was near, for he could not fetch breath. "And now," said the goose, "for a slice off the breast, And a very small piece from the part I like best." The knife that she used was her own yellow bill, And she carved very well, and she took her foul fill; And her cold clammy feet were beclotted with gore, And her lily-white plumage, too, crimson'd all o'er, And she said that her feed was a delicate treat, And she wiped off the stains with her victim's top-sheet. Then she flew to the chair, And she perch'd herself there, And again she cried "Quack," To the man on his back, And his carcase sprung up with a horrible scream— And the obstinate man then awoke from a dream. The next day this man staid at home VERY ILL, And, as usual, took draughts and a five-grain blue-pill, And he vows that, this visit shall not be in vain, And he thinks that he will not incur such again; But experience to him is of no sort of use, Next Michaelmas Day he will surely break loose— He's an OBSTINATE MAN, and he WILL dine off goose. J. G. M. 