THE ROMISH CONTROVERSY. no. vii. thr seven sacraments, (continued.) Requesting our readers to bear in mind the three essential characteristics of a Sacrament, as defined by the Ghurch of Rome herself, and as explained in our la$tarlic|e, — that is to pay, the outward matter or substance, the ad- fliintstrauve form or words, and the institution by'Christ Himself— we nqw proceed to a brief exBininatipn of each of the five alleged Sacra ments which are not acknowledged by the Re formed Churches, and ybick, so far as can he collected from the Scriptures and the writings of the early Fathers, were not acknowledged as Sacraments by the primitive churches. Even the two real Sacraments which the Church of Route professes to administer, she has so far corrupted and diverted from their original de- sign, that it is questionable whether they retain their sacramental character. Their Baptism has not been repudiated by the Reformed Churches — that is, persons baptized in the Church of Rome have not, on being reconciled tp the faith of the Christian Cburph in any Rroiestanf communion, been required tp suhmit to re-baptism, though the Church of Rome, contrary to the custom of the Apostolic age, mixes salt with t(ie water of baptism, thus departing'jfrom the Institution of Christ. But the Eucharist, as pretended to_.be administered the Church of Rome is manifestly a gross Corruption of Christ's holy ordinance, for not gnly is its sacramental character destroyed by an alleged transmutation of the outward sign izito the thing signified, but the withholding ol Cop of the Lord from, all the communicants except the celebrant or officiating priest, is a plain breach of Christ's commandment, who, on the occasion of ihe institution of the Sacra- ment, wher» He himself was the celebrant, so (ar from withholding the cup from the com municants, expressly said " Drink ye all of it.' But the doctrines ol the Sacrifice of the Mass, Transabstantietioii, and Communion in one kind, will bo hereafter considered "at" large under the Fifth and Siz;ih Articles of Pope Pius's Creed;, In the meantime, we must at tend to the Fiye'spurious Sacraments. I. Confirmation. The only trace of such a ceremony as Confirmation in the Scriptures, is to be found in the practice of tha Apostles, who laid bands ou the converts after baptism, praying for them that they might receive the HoJy Ghost. (See Acts wiil. 14— 17.) There is here neither outward raatier, form of words, nor institution by Christ. Accordingly, the Church ol Rome has invented fpr the matter , oil of olives and balsam ; and for them. the words, " I confirm thee with the oil of salva tion." This rite 13 administered by the Church of Rome to, cbren pf the age of seven years, who are thereupon admitted to the Eucharist, and considered as inyeaied with all the privileges and responsibilities of Christians who have ar med at the years ojf discretion. " A practice so ! So likely to create superstitious ideoa, and to' train children in the belief that ruere forms have ' i(n themselves something efficacious, can scnrHy ! poneeived ; and therefore many of the Re- 1 \- 1 H.1 1 , 'I 1 IIL - ormerj .Churches .entirely discontinued th« practice, for which indeed, there.is no command in Scripture. The >G'hurch of England tetains (t, , a.s a preliminary to the reception of .the Sacrument of the L.prd'Js Snpper,.fl1nd as afford ing young persons a,n opportunity of publicly professing tjieir faith in Christ, and of assuming the responsibility 0/ iheir Rapti&mal; .obligations- To such a practice t,h.ere seems, no valid objec tion ; but to make it a Sacrament is manifestly heretical, for it has nothing jm ft of the nafure of a SacrameiH. 2\. Penance. The .Ccmncil of Trent informs us, that . the matter of rthis Sacrament are the acts pf the penitent confessing liis sins to a: priegt, and performing pf the enjoined penance.: and iheforni is tbe absolution pronounced by the priest, " I absolve thee, &c.;" It is unne cessary to observe that actions done by a man pre not an outward matter or sybstanee , and .therefore that the matter pf this alleged 'sacfa- tneot is defective even on .the Church of Rome's .own shewing. But farther, how comes tfie phrase, ' I absolve thpe," to be the divinely appointed form of a sacrament— a phrase which is not to be found jq the writings of any Chris- |lian Father, and which was never heard pf jn the .Church 0/ .Christ (or upwards pf ten cen turies a/ tey the ascension of the Lord V Yet they teff qs,V says Mr. Foye, of Birmingham, in a most .valuable Lecture on the subject, thajt in the application of these words by the priest, the whole efficacy of the Sacrament con sists — and that he acts in that capacity as absolutely and judicially as our. Lord Jesus Christ himself— so that after the .words are pronounced, you cap have as little doubt of your forgiveness of all your sins befoye God, as he to whom our Lord himself said, " Son be of good cheer, thy sins be forgiven thee /' ' Are we then expected to submit to this blasphemous usurpation of God's prerogative ? Are sye ex. pected to belie ve that the Lord Jesus Christ will communicate his Holy Spirit by means of a form, which not only was not prescribed by Him, but which carnalizes and neutralizes the great doctrjne of Repentance ? Alas 1 what guilt has not Rome incurred in thus presump tuously adding to God's Sacraments— jq con stituting, by hep own authority, the outward yisible signs and applicative forms of Divioe gr?ce, apa commanding the sons of men, under pain of eternal perdition, to put tjieir trust in Ihese broken cisterns tvhi;ch hold no water 1 3\. Extreme Unction. Thig rite, tyhich the Church of Rome administer? in the last ex- tremity or ago'qy of deatb has been called a Sacrament, though the most enthusiastic de_ fenders of Romish superstition have never ven tured to &fjirui; that it was inspituled by Christ. They profess to derive it from the Epistle General of fit. James, (ch. v. 14, 1 )— « Is there any sick among ybu, let 'him call for the elder? of the church, and let tfiem pray over, them, anpinting hipa with oil in the name of the Lord ; and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up, and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him.'! £>on this celebrated text we may be allowed to quote the authority of Cardiual Cajitap, who wrofq shortly before the Council of Trent. He says — "This place doth not refer to the sacrapient of Extreme (Jnction, because in James the immediate design and effect is t he cure of the party j but in the sacrament tbe direct and proper effect is the remission of sins.'! The Church pf Rome administers Extreme l|nciion to those only who are supposed to be at the point of death, and beyond all fiope of recovery ; but it is evident, that the pointing spoken of by St. James was intended as a Re medial ordinance, terminating in the restoration of the sick man, and the forgiveness of any ex traordinary sin, for which the sickness might have been specially sent in judgment- That ordinary sins were not intended is clear from the use of the word " iff for tfie Apostle had just before (c iii. 2) said, " In many things we. 0ffend all',' which plainly implies that all may | commit ordinary sins or offences This anointing of the sick with a view tq their cure. \yas . a common practice in the Apostolic age, and seemB to have, bqen adopted by the Apostles from tbe time of their first mission. Ree Mark vi« 13., where we read that they anointed with oil many that were sick, and heqled them." Bqt St. James, while recommending the practice, takes esp.ecial care to guard the minds, of Christians against tbe superstitious notion that any thing in the oil or the tqo.de of applying it was efficacious towards the cure of the sick : on the contrary, he declares(tbat his restoration to health depends not on the outward ceremony, but on " the prayei of faith. '' The prayer of faith we believe 19 be as efficacious now as it ever was, either for the recovery of the sick, or for the forgive ness of sin ; but the practice of anointing the sick geems to have, in a. great measure, disap peared immediately after ihe Apostolic age, being seldom spoken of by the early Fathers and never except in reference with the cure ofdisease. Wo mention of ceremony as a sacrament is found for many centuries ; and it was introduced, among other -wfelties, by the Church of Rome, an,d elevated to the dig nity of a sacrament of the G,ospeI. 9 The mat. ter, we are informed, is "oil of olives blessed by tb.e bishop" j and the form, thq applying 9I the oil to the eyes, ears., nose, moutb, and hands o( the dying, lha priest pronouncing these words' " May the Lord through this holy, unclipn , par don thee whatever sins thoust eomitted by thy sight, hearing, smelling , tasting, and touching /" There is no pretence that this alleged sacrament was instituted by Christ Himself, though they tell us that none (not even an apostle) can make a thing an instrument and vehicle of grace but. the author and giver of grace. And we think it abundantly plain, that ihe anointing spokengqf by St. James was quite, a different matter, and .that the Apostle never thought of anything so arrogant as to institute a sacrament— a piece 0/ blasphemy reserved for1 the great Apostasy1. It .was reserved for the Cfiiurch of Rome to force upon the world her trumpery ceremonies with all tbe terrors of her superstitfori, a,nd to deal out denunciations of eternal perdition against those who refuse to. receive ber preposterous fictions as the veritable sacraments of Christ's gospel. 4 Orders. This pretended sicramen.t has more apparent sanction than any of the others. The Reformed Churches admit that the Chris tian Ministry is an ordinance of Christ himself, and that it was intended that such an order should be preserved in .the Christian church till the dpy of hjs appearing. The differences of opinion among Protestants as to Jhe proper mode qf preserving this order it is not our pro vince to notice. suffice it, that all admit its importance, and that none should intrude into the sacred office but sqch as are called. .inwardly By the Holy Spirit, and outwardly by some re- coguised form. Why then do we deny ordina tion to be a sacrament J iSiinply for the reason furnished by the Church of Rome herself— be cause it has rno visible outward sign or substance appointed by -God as a vehicle of any particular grace. The Church of 'Rome has devised as the matter of this sacramenf, t/ie delivery pf the vessels pf the altar, and as ihe form the words'". Tqke thou authority, to offer sacrifices , and celebrate masses lor the living and the dead .'' |o such power as this blasphe mous language pretends to coqfer, was conferred by Christ ,ou his holy A pqsties, por vras suit power ever cjaimed; by them. ; No such power was ever heard o till after the adoption by the Church of Rome of the heresy of TransubstantiatioD, in the tenth oT eleventh century, though it ' was broached earlier; this new-fangled doctrine rendered it necessary to inyest the Christian minister with a new character, that of a sacrificer— and in order to make li m such, a new s icraraeut was qe cessary— to establish which the Church of Rome dared, by her owu authority, to do what at the same time she declared none but Christ could do — namely, to deyise a qew matter and form as mean£ of communicating a special power or gra.ee. Such conduct the Reformed churches have concluded to be not merely unscriptuml, uneatholic, aqd false, but sacrilegious and im pious also. pr Matrimony. The fifth of those ordinances whose sacramental character is repudiated by tfie Reformed Churehes, is Matrimony j and certainly of all the pretensions of the Church of Rome, the mojeing marriage a sacrament of the gospel, seems the most abstjrd and unwar rantable. . Can that be a sacrameut of the Neip Law, which was founded by Gjd i" Paradise four thousand years before Christ was born, and upwards of twenty-five centuries before the de livery of the Qld Law froqi Mount Siiini Can that be a sacrament, which was an established custom in. all civilized nations, tyhuh our Lord recognized as an existing institution, and re specting which He said, ' God made frpm the beginning male qud female,'' and, " whom God hath joined together lat no man put asunder ?" Can it be said that such an ordinance is an in stitution of Ohr st ? Yet, with no heifer foun dation than a perversioii of St. Raul's language, in Eph. v. 32, where the word which we trans late " mystery,'' is by the church of Rome ren. dered " sacrament," without the dighiest war rant from the Greek language— with no better authority than this solitary text, which she has most miserably wrested from its connexion and true signification, the church of Rome will have it that matrimony is a sacrament of the Gospel. Th e matter and form which she has devised for this sacrument are the plighted troth and ex pressed consent of the parties : but, truly, i' such matter and form be sufficient to make a ceremony sacramental in the Gospel sense, then we see no reason why a partnership in business, where there is ati interchange of documents — or a contract between landlord and tenant, where there is a delivery and receipt of a key, like the ring in matrimony — should not be sacra ments a'so. The fact is, the old Latin word sacramnturn originally signified the military oath or the Ro man soldiers, and enme afterwords to be use! for any engagement of a solemn character. This led to ifo application to the ordinances of Bap .ism and the Lord's Supper, iq which Chris tians enter into the most solemn engagements, ff then the Church of Rome meant nothing more, in calling her pretended sacraments by that name, than that the recipients therein enter inter into solemn engagements, few would quarrel with the term; But she does more thaq this: she affirms, that her pretended sacra ments are necessary to. salvation, and that they confer grace. VVe accept thoge terms in a general sense with reference to Baptism and tbe Lord's Supper but itb respect to the rest, we are bound to declare with the Church of England, (Art. xxv.) that" Those five, com monly cailel sac ram en ts that is to say, Con firmation, Penance, Orders,, Matrimony, and Extreme Uuction, are no.t to. he counted for sacraments o,f the Gospel, being such as have grown partly of the corrupt following o,f the Apostles, partly are states, of life, allowed in the Scriptures ; hut yet have not like nature of s»- crumoius with Baptism and the Lord's Supper, for thai they have not any visible sign 01; cere mony ordained ol God.'' (To be continued.) 