MISCELLANEOUS. Free Institutions.— On Mondiy last, b serious disturbance took place in Cin cinnati. During the previous week, a negro, who had a quarrel with a' white man at St. Louis, met his antagonist, who' was armed with a dray pin, on the landing. Blows were exchanged, the negro snapping a pistol, aud, it failing fire, he thrciv it at his adversary, and struck him on the head. He was ar rested and brought before the Mayor, and held to bail for further examiualion on Monday. The rumour that his bail would be forfeited, and he allowed to es cape, collected a threatening crowd round the house of his surety during Saturday and Sunday. On Monday, the negro was brought before the Mayor, and bound over for trial in four hundred dollars. During the hearing, a dense crowd thronged the office of the Mayor, and nearly filled the street in front. Iu default of bail, the negro was committed and the officers started with him towards the gaol. The crotvd, or inob, followed, growing in numbers every moment. Suddenly there was a shout and a rush, stones were thrown, the negro was hit on the head, and severely cut ; and find ing no safety where he was, he sprang forward at speed, and dashed round the comer towards the canal, near which he was seized by the mob, and carried across the river to Covington, Ky. The Mayor of Covington, Mr. Folley, met and or dered them out of the city, assuring them that they should be immediately arrested if they attempted any outragethere. Upon this, the rioters went down the river, until they got out of the city, where they halted, and began prepra- ttons to hang the negro. Some citizens of Covington urged them to desist, but with drawn knives and pistols, they threatened death to any one who should interfere. But just as they were adjust ing the rope over a limb to hang their victim, two heioic men, Mr. Thomas Kennedy and Marshal Perry, made their way into the ciovv.f,- and, Kennedy, drawing his knife, seized the iope, arid cut ii to pieres. The negin was soT>n al'erwHrds rescued by the police of Cin cinnati. Papers complain of the ineffi ciency of i be police of that city. " You look as if you were beside yourself,'' bs a wag said to a fellow who stood by a donkey. " Hear, Hear !"' — Sheridan once sncceeded admirably in entrapping a noisy member, who was in the habit of interrupting every speaker with cries of " Hear, hear." Hrinsley took an oppor tunity to allude to a well-known poli tical character of the time, who wished to play the rogue, "but had only sense enough to play the fool. " Where," exclaimed Sheridan, in continuation, aud wiili great emphasis — where, shall we find a more foolish knave or a more knavish fool thau this?" "Hear, hear!" was instantly bellowed from the accustomed bench. The wit bowed — thanked the gentleman for his ready reply to the question — aud sat down amid convulsions of laughter from all but the unfuitunate subject. Pens in Churches. — At a vestry meeting held at Bridgewater seccntly, lllO fVkt t,vu 1 ivir pcservlnliAn i-va ...w ivhu " iii„ ilsuivmiuii 1)83 pasocu ; — " That the practice of ai pro; riating the pews to I lie wealil.ier classes has been productive of great evil to the mass of the population; that the churchwardens, therefore be directed to take possession of all i be pews in this church as soon as the piesent possessors die or leave the town, and that the word free be painted upon the door of each pew as soon as it falls into bund." — At the confirmation at Norwich a short time ago, Hie bishop of that diocese, in the course of his ad dress, said — " He should consider il to be a dereliction of duty, were he to pan over, without notice oi ohservaiion, the taoit splendid and impressive sight, af fecting and touching to the heart. winch be thensaw beloie liim, one of the finest churches in the town dive. ted ofitspews nnd incuntl ranees, -niul become, as the Church of England ought to be, the the poor man' church. Here the sit tings were i pen to all ; here the rich und poor might alike praise their com mon God ; lure might tlicy alike offer up to their common Saviour. The change that had been wrought inderd demanded the gnctitude of every true friend of the Church of England ; and lie hoped and trus ed that the noble ex ample afforded by the church in which they weie now assemble), would not only be followed up in every other church in the diMiicr, but that in future the Church ol England generally ,wouid not be embarrased by pews, to the ex clusion if -he pour ; to that, u» he had »ut'l before, the rich and the poor might be able to kneel alike, offering their thanksgivings together under the same sacred rouf." Came Butcher. — A curious a; ologv. — ' I kil ed 140 head from my nwnbir- Tel. one of Westley Richard'.' 'Dan'i believe you,' dryly remarked his iriend. " Don't believe me! what do you mean?" ' Why, I think had you been so success ful you would not ha»e lorgotlen your frieni's.' Oh, my dear feffow, things are not as they used to be ; if we have a day's shooting now we don't get the game. It is packed up by the g.imc- keeper und carted to the edge of the preset ve, where n poulterer waits to ro- crive it, having contracted to pay so much per head, ncrording to the quali ty. ' 'Oil, I beg your pardon. You are now then --nly a game butcher em- | ployed to kill, and not a sportsman. ' Of course you don't find your own pow- | der ami sho'.' ' "h. but i do though ; but then vou know I have bonrd and lodging for my labour, as well as the ; pleasure oi destruction." A Gkni'ine Yankee G iiost. — I have noticed in our thrifty,, money-loving community, that there is a voir com mon notion that the dis|>euai .of an estate contrary to the known wishes of the testator is the most potent spoil of nil others for raising a Yankee ghost. Among the many anecdotes which cor roborate this opinion, I must content myself with citing one, the scene of which happens to be an adjoining town. Some years ago, and elderly woman, familiarly known as " Aunt Morse!" died, leaving a handsome little nro- pcrty. No will was found, although it was understood before her decease that such a document was in the hands of Squire S., one of her neighbours. One cold winter evening, some weeks after her departure, Squire S. sat iu his nar- lour, looking over his papers, wncn hearing some one cough in a familiar way, he looked up, and saw before him a little crooked old woman, in an oil- nut coloured woollen frock, blue and white tow and linen anron, and striped blanket, leaning her sharp pinched face on one hand, while the other supported a short black tobacco-pipe, -at .which she was puffing in the most vehement and spiteful manner conceivable. The squire was a man of some nerve ; but his first thought was, to attempt an escape, from which he was deterred only by the consideration that any cf- fort to that effect would necessarily bring him nearer to bis unwelcome vi sitor. " Aunt Morse," ho said at length, " for the Lord's sake, get right back to the burying-grounil ! What on earth are you "here for?" The ap- pnrition took her pipe deliberately from her mouth, and informed him tliat she came to see justice done with her will ; and that nobody need think of cheating her, dead or alive. Concluding iter remark with a shrill emphasis site re placed iter pipe with renewed vigour. The squire had reasons for retaining the document nt issue, which he had sup posed conclusive, but he hnd not reckoned upon the interference of the testator in the matter. Atmt Morse when liying, he had always regarded as a very shrew of a woman, and he. now began to susjiect that her recent change of condition had improved her, like Sheridan's ghost, " the wrong way." lie saw nothing better to be done under the circumstances, titan to promise to see the matter set right that very evening. Tito ghost nodded iter head approvingly, and, knocking the ashes out of her pipe against the chim ney, proceeded, to, fill it anew with a handful of tobacco from her side pocket. " And now, squire," she said, " if you'll just light ntv pipe for me, I'll be going." The squire was, as lias been intimated, no coward ; he had been out, during the. war, in a Merrimack privateer, and Jtad seen sharp work off the Fnvnl, but, as ho «aid afterwards, " it was no touch to lighting Aunt Morse's pipe." No slave of a pipe-bearer ever handed the chibouque to the Grand Turk with more, care and reverence, than the squire manifested on this occasion. Aunt Morae drew two, or three long preliminary wliiffa, to sec that all was right, pulled her blanket over bcr head, and. slowly hobbled out nt the;. door. The squire being true to his promise. was never again disturbed. It is right in conclusion to say that there were strong suspicions at the time, that die ghost was in reality of flesh and blood, — tn short, one of the living heirs of Aunt Morse, and not the old lady her- seit — isttpernaturaltstn tn .verr Eng land. une person naTtng asked another if he believed in the appearance of spirits. " No," was the reply, " but I believe in their disappearance, for I've missed a bottle of gin since last night." The author of jideenturet in Mexico mentions that on the 17th August there was a disturbance at Vera Ciuz, and he asked a negro spectator the cause : " nothing, sir, nothing," was the reply, " only revolution." " My dear madam,'' said a doctor to his patient, " I am trnly gratified to see you yet in life. At my last visit yes terday, you know I told you you had but six hours to live." "Yes, doctor, you did, hut I did not take the dose you left me." It is said that the Grand Duke of Tuscany has applied to the King of Sar- dina for his mcdutinn in the affair of the provinre of Luigiana, tfie uncere monious seizure ol which by the Duke uf Modena oc> urred some time since. H Tender and Considerate llttshind. —All who know young Sniffkins know that he married old Miss Hetty Hlol- chett for her money — that he cannot touch il till she dies, and that he treats her verv badly on account of what lie calls her " unjustifiable longevity." The other day Mrs. Sniffkins finding herself unwell, sent for the doctor, and in the presence of Sniff kins and the medical man, declared her belief that she was " poisoned," and that he (Sniff kins) " done it!" " I didn't do it !" shiuted Sniffkins. " I.'s all gammon ; she isn't poisoned. Prove it doctor — 1 open her upon the spot — I in willing." slwericaii J'ajnr. Free America — Tiie Ham's Horn, of which Mr. Douglas il assistant- edi'or. having f een soul through the Post -"ffice hf a friend in New York, lo John C. l'u'lry, « firc-cofi U'ed man in lUiliintoie, he was leremly arnstcd un der a statute of 1841, l>y which a pen i!iv of not less than ten nor more iinin twenty years' imprisonment is aiiarlied to ilu possession of an abolition newspaper, book, or picture, tending to make the slaves of the States d scon- tt'iiled. He was held to hail in fire hutu'red dollar, to appear before the City Court. at the next teem. The Law t\f Lodging-houses and Bugs. — The. following case ..was heard at the Westminster County Court, October 9.— " Thompsou r. Austin." — This was an action brought before the Judge (Moylan) to recover one week's rent of the defendant, a gentleman of fortune, for the use and occupation of furnished apartments. The defendant pleaded that in consequence of the beds and other articles of furniture being in fested with bugs, he did not have quiet possession ; and that the apartments being unhabitable, he was justified in quitting without notice, and was no longer chargeable with the rent. In support of the plea, Miss Austin, and Sarah Wilkins the servaut, were ex amined, and proved thai the apartments were actually besieged by bugs, which not only made their appearance at night, but even in the day. They came in such multitudes that no sleep could be obtained; and il frequently happened that when Miss Austin appeared in the breakfast room, large numbers of these obnoxious insects were taken off' her clothes. The plaintiff was told of the nuisance, and the bedstead was taken down and cleaned, but, in a few days, the bugs was as populous as ever; and ibe defendant left without giving any notice. The plaintiff denied thai the bedstead and furniture were eTer in the state described. He had frequcnlly slept on the bed, and had never been molested, and the late Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland had also slept in it, and had never complained. The learned J udge said that might be ; the bugs might have bad some respect for a Lord-Lieu tenant, and had abstained fzom molest ing him. (Laughter.) The plea was a good plea, and being established by evidence he must hnld it to be a good answer to the. action- The law was clearly laid down in thecase'of (smith v. Marablrs, where the Court bejd that that the plea was good, and that the de fendant was justified in leaving his furnished apartments at Brighton, on account of the nuisance of bugs ren dering the lodgings unhabitable. Il might be possible that the plaintiff and the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland had not been tnolesttd ; but, upon the evi-'ence of Mia Ausliu, coiroborated at, it was by the servant, he had no other alterna tive than to dismiss the case. Courage. Personal courage in a powerful man scarcely commands our admiration, not only from its being so common, but because it may generally hie displayed with safety ; but where it is unsupport ed by physical strength, where it is the triumph of a gallant spirit orer a feeble frame, the very danger that ac companies its exertion enhances its merit, and increases the respect with which we contemplate it. On Thoinas Aquinas's visit to Rome, the Pope showed in his closet a vast quantity of wealth, and added,— " you see the church cannot now say,' Silver aud gold have I none.' " " True," replied Thomas," neither can the any longer say to the sick and in firm, 'Take up thy bed aud walk.' A Heathen Hospital. — The Rev. Mr. AHrn, an American missionary, in giving details concerning the various public institutions in Bombay, thus notices what every one must regard as a , most singular establishment It has been said that heathenism never furnished an hospital. There is at least on exception to the truth of this remark. There it one here, supported I at an expense of 16,00.i dollars, annu ally. It waS" founded by a donation of 130,000 dollars, by a native merchant of the Jain sect — the sret which ap pears lo approach neater thau any ether to the primitive Hindooisin, with which Pythagoras became acquainted at Ba- : bylon. Its doctrines strictly forbid the destrucliou of animal life, in any case whatever. Ihe management of this hospital is wholly in heathen hands, and heathen liberality furnishes all its resources. In il are gratuitously sup. ported frotn fifty to one hundred horses, which ' would otherwise be killed as past service ; about 175 cows and oxen, 200 dogs, for whose destruction the authorities offer a bounty twice a year and a large number of cats, .monkeys, and other animals. Its charities are accessible to living beings of evrry species of tlie human race. Men, women, women, and children, wounded, sick, and destitute, are allowed to die unaided within sight of its walls. — Such is the character of the only hos pital, so far as is known, that heathen ism evrt built.'" — limit/ Kong (iazclte. l Curious Discorertj. — There wss late ly discovered at Comiie, on making some necessary excavations on the spot where the great battle was fought be tween the Human general Agricolo and the Caledonians, a stone coffin, con taining a skeleion of Herculean iliinen- sions Ihe ruffin was formed pririci- ; pally of thin slabs of s'.or.e or slate fixed in the earth, forming a sort ol burrow ; the top or ltd of the c ffin w s formed of the some kind of material, and laid ou in a succession of square pieces exactly fitting in size, li proba bly contains the rums of some warrior of distinction. Around the same spot are a number of small hillocks, marking I the last resting place of many a true part ic i an , who left his native home to find a grave on the plains of Slrathern. Short Epitaph.— A person of the name of I houias Thorpe having died, his friends were about to engrave on htstomb5lone the following inscription : " This corpse Is Tommy Thorp's ;" but considering it too long on reflection, it was reduced thus — " Thorp's Corpse," Cure for a Cold.— H ow often il is , that a young lady, ' when pressed for a song is afflicted with a sudden co d. The best cure for this is to ask her sis ter to sing. Clerical comforts iu olden Times. — In the church nooks of a parish church in Kits north of England, the following items occur, showing that in riiose days due |iro»isions was made for comforting the preacher's inner man, viz ; — Six qunrls of sack lo t lie minister who preached when wc had no minister, 9s. ; for a quari of sark bestowed on Mr. J elicit when he preached. 2». Gd. ; for pint of bia>'dy. when Mr George Bed preached here, is. 4d.; for a stran ger who preached a dozen of ale ; and when the Dean of Durham preached here (at Dirhnston), spent in a treat in the house. 3i. 6d. 