MISCELLANEOUS Pleasant Living.— The other night my servauts brought me io a venomous snake which they said they had killed in the compound ; I took it np by its tail, and carried it into my wife's dressiug-rroom to show it to her.- I laid it down on the floor, and soon it began to wriggle uud raising its head, turned at us. Fortunately ibere was a stick at hand, and taking it up, I killed the animal wi'b one blow. So great is the dread of ihein here, that no one sleeps with - Dili ft liuhr lost fifnikiiicr nor rtf hoA of niiyhl. hn should : place, bis foot upon some venomous creature ; most people keep a long bamboo in every room. W e never put op our shoes with - but first examining well to see that there is no thing alive in tiietn. + # We had a sad- loss (be night before. I have already mentioned our beautiful little antelope, which used to come and lie at tny feet while 1 was writing. The other night I heard him give a faint scream, and hastened to see what was the trai ler ; he had been bitten by a cobra, and was dead in ten minutes j Poor little fellow ! I could have cried ; my wife did. I have seen manys but never knew one so tame before. I doubr'wkeiber any of the servants had dry eyes, as. -its body was thrown into the river. The bite of the cobra causes the body to swell to a frightful size. The other day my wife was walking in the garden, when a large cobra gli ded past her ; she called some of the men, who soon killed it ; but it was too large to put into a bottle. A gentleman happening to call just then, asked me whether I had seen the poison. I said ' no, He -took the head between his fingers and squeezed it in such a way as to open the mouth In the upper jaw were two very large white fang 8, corresponding as it were to our eye teeth. As he squeezed with more force, a tiny drop of perfectly transparent colourless fluid issued through the point of each fang— these were crops of venom that pass into the wound. The gentleman who showed me this was a medical men, and he said he would not for a lac of rupees, have the half of one of ibose drops get into a cut in his finger,— Ac- land's India An Enigma.— On the window oi the travel lers' room in the Queen's Arms Inn . here, among- many queer hieroglyphics and oddities scribbled with diamond pens on the glass, is the following curious enigma EE xx before marriage, XX be after marriage, The first two letters being in large capitals, the others very small. Can any of our readers solve; the riddle— make out the meaning of the enigma ? We venture the following, although we believe it is capable of various solutions : — Great ease (EE's) and little crosses fxx's) be fore marriage ; great crosses and little ease after marriage ; or more particularly, and ha., ving reference to to the number of enigtnaticai letters— Too (two) great ease and liule crosses before marriage; too great crosses and little ease after marriage. We prefer tbe first, and the sentiment quite a creamy bachelorious one —that of a right good fellow taking his ease at his inn, and laughing and joking over the " Bound Benedicts." — Londonderry Stan dard . Mexican Privateers.— -Three Mexican privateers, with Spanish names, and under Spanish colours, have just been built, to attack and piuoder outward bound American ships, freighted with specie A Railway Ghost.— A ludicrous incident happened near Stockham, on the Lancashire, Cheshire, and Birkenhead Railway, a few days ago. It is pretty well known that the operations at this railway have been stopped for the present. A few men were left for the purpose of carrying on some minor excavations which were thought necessary. About a month since a man was killed "by 4 the falling in of the tunnel near the place where the men were set to work ; and the men heard, or thought they heard, most distinctly, the sound of the pichaxe on the very spot where he had been killed. Tbe wind had been rather high lor three or four days ; but still they heard tbe noouotonous sound of the dead man's work in the tunuel. At last it was it was agreed that one of them should descend, and ascertain how matters stood and if there should be anything to fear, a signal was to be given, andjthe adventurer drawn up again. One of the party immediatly consented, boasting that he ieared not man or rluvih JVnmrdinlv the roua was fflsienfid round the waist of the hero, and he was let down the shaft, his companions ready, on tbe least notice, to draw him up. The bravado had not reached the bottom before a cry was heard from below, and such a twich given to the rope as plainly bespoke that some thing; was the matter. The man was pulled up iostantly, with a countenance as pale as death; on which terror and consternation were strongly depicted. To tbe almost gaspiog inquiry ot " What is it V " What bast seen ?' be related that no sooner had he got to theabotiom than be plainly saw the white pale face of the dead manrwbich went backwards and forwards, as if he were at work, but which he recognised immediately as tbe countenance of his late friend. The news was quickly spread in the neighbourhood, aud the ' railway ghost " was the theme of every tongue ; severl peisous went to hear the sound of tbe ghost at work, until a tipsy mau, in a pot-valiant fit, would be so obstinately bold as to go down and fight the ghost ! Willing to see how such a one would fare they let him down, and in about five min utes drew him up again, with the innocent eause of all their terror in his hands. It proved to be a large new tin powder can, which bad been left there by the men,, and which had been placed in a rather rickety position, on a projecting stone. It was splashed with mud in such a manner that it somewhat resembled a a man's face, and the wind through the excava tion had caused it to jolt from and agaiuBt the aide ol the tunnel.-— Observer, Nov. 22. Evil Speaking.-— Speaking i l of others, unless it be to prevent mischief to religion or our neighbours, is only for tbe sake of tickling ourselves, and. those that, hear us, with a com parison ; it proceeds from pride, and has no other tendency (has to increase it. — LUerary Extracts, .In the houee of att eccentric woman, who other day, at Balderton, and who had during her life, subsisted chit fly «'n turnips, acorns, potatoes, beans, $c., which-, she used to beg or steal, a large quantity ofappearl was foun, chiefly homespun :autl it was discovered that she bad deposited £200, the savings of a ife, in the batik. Sir Thomas Lawrekcb. — Sir Thomas Law- jeuce wtcte thus to his sister, under the date of 26th of Dec., 1829 : — " On the 6th ot- January I have secrecly pledged myself to be with you, and to that all citcumstaucfs shall bend/' Alus ! this was too bold a word for' m-«n, without any reference to the Divine per mission. Oil thai very 6ih of January, 1830, he was seized with mortal illness and died ou the day following. Indmn Servants — The greatest expenses, here dre servants and house-rent, I pay for my 'house, which is one of t he cheapest in Mid uapore, fotty rupees a month ; a rupee is two shillings. I keep as few domestics as I can ; but am obliged to have eleven men and one woman. The men are— 1 cons u in mar, or headman: I kittnajar, or waiter at table; I sirdar, who attended the lamps, furniture, &. ; i nearer, n ho works the ounkah and helps tho sirdar ; 1 dirgee, or tailor, who mends stock ings, aud makes gowns, coats, shirts, &c.; ; 2 uiaistrees, or carpenters ; 2 mollees, or garden ers ; I matee who sweeps the rooms and keeps, ihem in order ; I beast ee, or water- carrier. We neither feed nor clothe them. Indeed their food consists of nothing but rice, excep t the consummar and kitmajar, who are Mussulmans. Their pay varies from "three to ten rupees a month. Many people keep 40 or 50 men. The sirda., or bearer, sleeps on a mat in the verandah ; the others in houses in tbe com pound. They ate all forbidden by their religion to dp the work of any other ; their fathers and granfathers performed tbe same duties, aud so will their sons and grandsons also.- They are a thievish set, and we dare pot leave anything in their way that thev can steal. It is curious to observe how the different castes or tanks here keep distinct, and it is this which renders so many servants necessary. The man who lays the cloth Would feel degraded by dustiog a chair, aud be who dusts the chair would rather leave his place than dust the room. Again, two men of different casts will neither eat, drink, nor sleep together. Their bed is q mere mat, which explains well that saying of our Sayiour. . " Take up thy bed and walk." The other dayc.my basiu had not been emptied. I told th carah of it, whose business it is to attend to my apartment, and be went a hundred' or more . yards to call the matee, because it would have been beneath bis dignity to throw the water out into an adjoining bath-room. Acklands Manners and Cusicms of ladia. Domestic Life in India.— My house it called a bungalow, which I chose _ as being the most economical, A bungalow is a thatched cottage with only one ground story. Tbe floors of the rooms are not made of wood, but a sort of cement which looks like stone. The house stands in the midst of a large field called a compound, which belongs to me, and the servants' dwellings are scattered around. I have a flower and kitchen garden, fowl-house, and. A place for goats, kitchen, stable, cow house, and a banyan tree. The pathways ihroug th grass are of fine gravel, and the hedges t>r< composed almost entirely of ali as and cbctuses, mixed with a very sweet smelling flowering shrub, and here and there a bumbuo, which is a most beautiful tree, resembling a very- weeping- willow. The sensitive plant grows wild about the compound, and bears a very pink flower, resembling tb&t; of the red cloves. The banyan-tree is abundant here. Each branch projects stalks downwards, which take root in the earth, and alter a few years one tree resembles a clustre, and covers a large space of ground. 1 have several aloes in niy garden which are just flowering. They have thrown up a straight stalk about twenty fe?t bign. A large cactus is now in bloom. > It is about ten leet high, and each stem or leaf is tnicker round than my leg. This kind bears a veiy beautiful large white flower which opens only al night. In my kitchen- gatden are the mango; the plantain, Indian corn, pine-apple trees, aod many others. Car pets are not used here, but the floors ate cover, ed instead instead with India matting, lu each room is a punkah, which I have before descri bed. We procure water for drinking from a large tank or pond, Aod as we cannot pur chase meat, I have provided myself with thirty- - five dniks, sixty fowls, lour goats, and three kids, which last are almost ready to eat ; the goats we shall keep for their milk. The judge made me a present of a beautiful fawn of the spotted deer, which is becoming very tame. I am just going to join a mutton club. Four persons enter into partnership, and agree to keep a small flock of sheep; one of which is killed twice a-week, and then each partner fa provided with r quarter of mu'ton, and each in fuan has the liver, heart, and head. A gentle man yesterday sent tne four guinea' fowls, and another has promised me six pigeons as soon as I have a Dlace to keen them in. I have just begun to make collection of insects, snakes and butterflies, and moths, of the most beautiful kiud. The Chameleon is very common, and changes its colour according to the temper it is in. I have one which is generally of a brilliant green ; but if its anger be roused, it becomes covered with large black spots, and, when hungry with white spots. These are the only material changes in its colour 1 have at any time as yet observed ; but 1 have seeii others yellow j others, again, black, with yel low spots It is said that each chameleon has seen different variations of colour There is to be seen here a light brown lizard, called the blood-sucker, which is constantly running about the walls in the rooms. Whenever we take up a paper or a book, we are sure to find two or three cockroaches under it— not such cockroaches as you may see in England, biit great enes three or four inches long. The grasshoppers come into the house in numbers, and grow to the uncommon size. You may hear them cbiruppiug half a mile off. The ants, ol which- therejare three sorts, are a great nui- sance. Every house swarms with them : and unless the legs of tables, drawers, &, ere kept constat tly standing in jars of water, tney attack the diuner clothes, aud in fact anything they can reach : 1st. there is a very small red aui, whose bite causes a very hard red swelling, which continues very painfui for some days, 2nd, a large black cnt, about the- size of an English wasp, wbicli bites, but does not sling ; 3rd, the white ant, rather "larger than the common English aut, which come in a swarm, and io one night will devour a table or -a shelf full of books. You may come down in the morning and find your table and books apparently all mni'h them than llgUL VUl UV UUVtlCl uu jvu """"" . j# they crumble away in powder.— A eland s. Manners and Customs of Jndia . 