year n^^V/, '^-^£$ète»&. basis TASBIAIVZAN: OrltS TO ALL INFLUENCED BY NONE. This Journal is published on the Evening of every Tuesday and Friday, and circulates extensively throughout the Australian Colonies, India, China, Europe, and America. It is regularly ' filed at the office of Messrs. Simmonds and Ward, General Agents, Barge-yard, Bucklersbury London, and at the Jerusalem Coffee House. HOBART TOWN: AUGUST 11, 1848. We have elsewhere inserted an article from one of our correspondents respecting the new Act of Council which is about to be brought forward, relative to the supplying Hobart Town with pure water. In addition to what is there set forth, we have a few \- observations ourselves to offer on the subject. The proposed law determines the powers of the Director of Waterworks to open streets, to levy water taxes, and to enter premises, &c.; &c.; in fact the Director will have more power vested in him than even her Majesty ! A more frightful attempt to crush the liberty of the people of Hobart Town was never made, for of course the nomination of the Director will be in the hands of the Governor, and as a servant of the Government he will be liable to dismissal ; he must consequently be the tool of the authority in command. We now therefore call upon the City Commissioners for protection it is their bounden duty to protect the interests of the inhabitants. They must now step forward at this important juncture, and relieve the citizens. They were chosen by the people, and the right of interfering with the streets and the private dwellings of the inhabitants can but be obtained from the people, or the delegates of the people. The Commissioners nominated their Town Surveyor, and with him alone rests the power of opening the streets with that same officer should be the power, which by the new Act it is intended to invest in the Director of Waterworks ; if there are two officers allowed, the responsibility of the bad state of the streets will rest with neither, for the one department would lay the blame on the other. Besides, the colonists cannot afford the expense, and if there are to be two to do the duty of one, then the salary of the master inman, Mr. Bicheno, should be reduced to meet the same. We call upon the City Commissioners to demand our public rights, and the entire control of the streets and the waterworks, and as the inhabitants must pay more or less for having water laid on to their premises, let the money so received be appropriated to the city revenue, and not as clause 11 of the proposed Act would enact, that the whole of the money received shall go to defray the salary of the Director and the expenses of supplying water to Hobart Town. The income that might be derived from the water, after paying all necessary expenses, might be made very considerable, and a very just way of raising public money,, provided that the taxation be enforced by the people themselves through their own elected delegates. Commissioners do your duty, and the people will support you. Englishmen have by this time, either with, or without blood and, obtained their rights at home, and the colonies will insist on their private homes here being protected from the intrusion of any Government tool that the tyranny of a Governor may impose upon them at his pleasure, If the colonists were to tacitly sanction such a gross infringement on the liberty of the subject, all that we can say is, that they indeed would deserve to be kicked ; but disunited as they have been by the private quarrels of their would-be leaders, still they are not yet to debased in their own es- timation as to allow such direct tyranny, and if they do, they well deserve to be extinguished by a Poll Tax ! ========================== HAVING thus protested against the passing of such an Act as the one relating to Water, let us turn to another of the same date relating to Spirits, it is also elsewhere inserted. The Act is short and satisfactory, inasmuch as it enacts that " under-proof spirits" shall be entitled to a reduction in duty proportionate to duty paid for over-proof spirits. Next we come to an Act of Council which is to be brought forward j it is an amendment of the Publicans' Act. The first clause is unnecessary, it limits the number of public-houses for the several districts. We say this is unnecessary, because the power so to do is already vested in the Governor and Executive Council ; however, this limitation all parties we think will approve of. There should nevertheless be some reservation for the interior, because villages may spring up, and houses of refreshment might be required, The second clause enacts that hereafter I shall be paid for licenses that may be issued, and we would recommend that in our city and Launceston the sum should be £100 instead of £25, paid on the renewal of the existing licenses. The Government must take the present number of public-houses as the limited number, because if otherwise, whose licenses are to be cancelled ? A clause should be introduced to the effect that should the number of licenses be reduced from any cause to, say 100 in Hobart Town, that number should not again be exceeded. More good will be effected in the orderly regula- tion of public-houses by such legislative procedure, than by any other means whatever, for the publicans will not dare risk the losing of their licenses. The licensed houses by such means become more valuable as properties. Formerly the licenses were granted by Magistrates of Quarter Sessions at certain districts ; the new law allows the Governor and Executive Council to name other places. This is very advisable, and much loss of time and inconvenience to distant publicans will be saved. Clause fourth allows magistrates who make wine from colonial graces, and who deal in the same, to sit as justices on any publican's trial. And this is of great importance, as we have such a vast number of magistrates who make wine from grapes ; but why gooseberry, raspberry, and currant wine makers and dealers should not, if magistrates, be permitted the same privileges, we cannot imagine. Another clause extends the period from fourteen days to one month within which new recognizances are to be given by t administrators or representatives. Spruce and ginger beer too are not to be considered henceforth as spirituous liquors. It is only a Van Diemen's Land lawyer that could have construed them to be so; we wonder the wiseacres did not include seidlitz powders as spirituous liquors. The amended Publicans' Act we suppose will give general satisfaction, but if there should be any objection thereto, or any alterations required, now is the time to name them, and we shall be happy to receive any communications on the subject. WHAT great men do, must, of course, be well done at least the multitude think so. We copy the following prayer from the late papers; the prayer is composed by the Archbishop of Canterbury : A FORM OF PRAYER TO ALMIGHTY GOD, FOR THE MAINTENANCE OF PEACE AND TRANQUILITY. (To be read in all Churches on Good Friday, and the three following Sundays J O God, whose never-failing Providence or doeth all things both in heaven and earth ; we Thine unworthy servants most humbly beseech Thee to continue Thy favour to this land, and to preserve us alike from foreign enemies and domestic divisions We acknowledge, O Lord, that if Thou went to deal with us after our sins, or reward us according to our iniquities, we might most justly have fallen under Thy wrath and indignation. For in our prosperity we have too much forgotten Thee ; other lords besides Thee have had dominion over us ; we have offended against Thy holy laws, and have not glorified Thee, in whose hand our breath is, and whose are all our ways. Thou hast said in Thy Holy Word that when Thy judgments are upon the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness and now we beseech Thee so to incline the hearts of the people of this land, that they may bear one another's burthen, and follow the things that make for peace, and have love one towards another. And do Thou, Lord, of Thy great mercy, restore to us such prosperity, that we may not show much, and bring in little, but that Thou may est bless us in whatsoever he set our hand unto and that our people may eat their own bread with quietness. Above all, teach us to acknowledge Thee, the Author and Giver of all good, that we may live in Thy faith and fear, setting our affections on things above, and seeking first Thy heavenly kingdom, through Jesus Christ our Lord to whom, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, be honour and glory, world without end. Amen. " Other lords besides Thee have had dominion over us." This is assuredly very rich, when we recollect that it comes from a lord spiritual and temporal who wrenches from the half-starved multitude some fifty thousand pounds a year that it comes from one wallowing in indolence and riches-from one quarrelling with you if you will not journey the same road to heaven that he has fixed upon-from one who will on certain fixed periods give advice to the poor " gratis," but who will not give a crust of bread to the starving wretch who has during his long life contributed to the church a tenth of his labour. Well may the gorged aristocrat say restore to us such prosperity that we may not show much and bring in little, but that Thou mayest bless us in whatever we set our hand unto ¡ and that OUR people may eat their own bread in quietness." Well may he say " so incline the hearts of the people that they may bear one another's burdens." Verily/is this a prayer for temporal ' lords or bishops, it never could be intended to apply to the starving multitude. Had ice written that the form of prayer should be read on Good Friday and the three following Sundays, we should imagine people would understand that we had converted Good Friday into a Sunday, otherwise we should have said that it was to be read on Good Friday and the three Sundays following''. ' But bishops are Jik'e kings,' they can do no wrong. '" "v . A " gone-' ' i m -' ' ' i(f THE following appeared in the" Weekly Messenger of Saturday the 9th April. The Monster Meeting, the account of which we gave in our last, was to take place on the Monday following : We have been given to understand that within these last three days no less than 200, 000 Special constables have been sworn in at the different Police Offices of the Metropolis If any of our readers, therefore, have had any fears that the authorities will not he able to ensure the peace of the metropolis on Monday, we think they may now safely lay them aside. Such a splendid army as this formed of the best and most determined citizens, would be able to put down at once any outbreak which might take place. The history of no city in the world, perhaps, can afford an example of a Civic Guard, so spontaneously formed as the force of citizens which is prepared to act in defence of the Constitution and every interest which they hold dear in the world. The most gratifying feature in this loyal movement, however, is the fact that it has been participated in by every class of the country, from the peer to the humblest mechanic-all have fraternised in behalf of the holy principle of order, and the Duke of Devonshire and Owen Swift might, by chance, find themselves side by side in to-morrow's patrol. Master and men will everywhere link arms in defending their property from the bands of thieves, which might be expected to take advantage of the Chartist procession to ply their own trade. We hope the Chartists themselves will think better of their determination to brave the authorities. Fear gus O Connor already trembles under the dreadful responsibility which he finds will fall upon him if any outbreak should occur, and he implores his followers to keep the peace. We say-Amen ! One word of caution to be peaceably disposed Keep as much out of the streets on Monday as possible. Your presence will only serve to hamper the action of the Special Constables, and to augment a mob which, if left to itself, will soon find out how insignificant it is in the presence of the imposing force provided for the maintenance of good order by the loyalty of the citizens and the vigilance of the Government. The pedestrians of Van Diemen's Land will be pleased at reading the following decision, which was given by the Court of Common Pleas, in Banco, on the 21st April last It appeared that the plaintiff and a person named Askew challenged each other in a foot- race, and each of them deposited £10 in the hands of the defendant is a stake-holder, to be paid over to the winner of the race. The race took place, and the prize was paid over by the defendant to Askew. Against this payment the plaintiff, protested, and subsequently in the character of a penitent he had brought the present action to recover from the defendant the amount of his stake deposited, as money had and received to his use, on the ground that it had been deposited on an illegal wager within the meaning of the 6th Ann, cap. 14, and the 8th and 9th Vict, cap. 109. At the trial of the cause a verdict had been found on that ground in favour of the plaintiff for £10, and a rule nisi having been obtained to set that verdict aside, and to enter a new trial or a nonsuit, the case came on for hearing on showing cause against the rule. The first question was, whether or not a foot race was in itself illegal either at common law or by statute; and, secondly, if not, whether this case fell within the enactment of the 18th section of the 8th and 9th Vict, cap. 109, " that all contracts or agreements, whether by parol or in writing, by way of gaming or wagering, shall be null and void, and that no suit shall be brought or maintained in any court of law or equity for recovering any sum of money or valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager or which shall have been deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any wager shall have been made ;" or whether it was not taken out of its operation by the proviso in the same section, " that this enactment shall not be deemed to apply to any subscription or contribution, or agreement to subscribe or contribute for or toward any plate, prize, or sum of money to be awarded to the winner or winners of any lawful game, sport, pastime, or exercise." The court said that the statute of Ann, rendering foot races illegal, was clearly repealed by the statute of Victoria, and the present case now rested entirely on the common law, by which certainly a foot-race was not illegal, and the operation of the 18th section of the 8th and 9th Vict., cap. 109. Now, it was difficult to see the real difference between a subscription or contribution to be awarded to a winner, and a wager, but, considering the state of society, and those who form the legislative body, the meaning of the latter section could not be doubted. It was manifest that the proviso was intended to protect something which would have been affected by the earlier part of the section It was quite clear that horse-racing was not intended to be put down, and yet many of those races were match-races, and clearly a wager for a certain sum between two. The proviso had the effect of excepting such contracts. So here we had two sums contributed by two persons, to be awarded to the winner of a lawful game. The case, therefore, fell strictly within the meaning of the proviso. That being so, the plaintiff, who had paid his money on a certain valid contract, could not, by afterwards rescinding that contract, recover it back, even supposing the event had not been decided, as here it was. The proviso was probably intended mainly to except from sweepstakes, and certainly that was very much in the nature of a wager. The court could not help being struck with the extent to which the present case may be applied in the vice of gaming. With that, however, the legislature must deal, Rule absolute. The following reply of Lamartine to the Irish representatives is well worth perusal, and so are the remarks of the Debats respecting the affairs of Ireland : This being the day fixed by the Provisional Government for the reception of the members of the Irish deputation, Mr. Smith O'Brien and the other members of the Irish Confederation went to the Hotel to-day, at half-past three, to present the address. They were received by M. de Lamartine alone, none of the other members of the Provisional Government being present. Besides the address of the Irish Con- federation, addresses were presented at the same time by Mr. li. O'Gorman, jun., from the citizens of Dublin, by Mr. Meagher, from the Repealers of Manchester, and by Mr. M'Dermott, from the members of the Irish Confederation resident in Liverpool. M. de Lamartine replied to the whole of these addresses in one speech, as follows: 'S Citizens of Ireland, If we required a fresh proof of the pacific influence of the proclamation of the great democratic principle this new Christianity'bursting forth at the opportune moment, and dividing the world, as formerly, between a Pagan and a Christian community we should assuredly discern this proof of the omnipotent action of an idea inutile,visit», spoils variously paid in this city to Republican France, and the principles which animate her by the (nations or by sections of the nations of Europe. ! We are not surprised to see to day a deputation from Ireland., Ireland knows how deeply "her, destinies, her sufferings, and her successive advance in the path of religious liberty', of unity, and of constitutional equality, with the other parts of the United Kingdom, have at all times moved the heart of Europe. We said as much, a few days ago, to another deputation of four ' fellow citizens'. We said as much to all the children of chargers us Isle of Erin which the natural genius of its inhabitants and the striking events of its history render equally symbolical of the poetry and the heroism of the nations of the north. Rest assured, therefore, that you will find in France, under the Republic, a response to all the sentiments which you express towards it. Tell your fellow citizens that the name of Ireland is synonymous with the name of liberty courageously defended against privi- leges that it is one common names to every French citizen 1 Tell them that this reciprocity which they in volte-that this hospitality of which they are not oblivious-the Republic will be proud to remember, and to practise invariably towards the Irish. Tell them that the French Republic is not, and never will be, an aristocratic Republic, in which liberty is merely abused as the mask of privilege ; hut a Republic embracing the entire community, and securing to all the same rights and the same benefits As regards other encouragements, it would neither be expedient for us to hold them out, nor for you to receive them. I have already expressed the same opinion with reference to Germany, Belgium, and Italy; and I repeat it with reference to every nation that is involved in internal disputes - which is either divided against itself or at variance with its Government. When there is a difference of race when nations are aliens in blood intervention is not allowable. We belong to no party in Ireland or elsewhere, except to that which con- tends for justice, for liberty, and for the happiness of the Irish people No other part would be acceptable to us in a time of peace, in the interests and the ' passions of foreign nations. France is desirous of reserving herself free for the maintenance of the rights of all. We are at peace, and we are desirous of remaining on terms of equality not only with this or that part of Great Britain, but with Great Britain entire. We believe this peace to be useful and honour- able not only to Great Britain and the French Republic, but to the human race. We will commit no act we will not utter a word we will not breathe an insinuation at variance with the principles of the reciprocal inviolability of nations which we have proclaimed, and of which the continent of Europe is already gathering the fruits. The fallen monarchy bad treaties and diplomatists. Our diplomatists are nations -our treaties are sympathies! We should be insane were we to exchange such a diplomacy fur unmeaning and partial alliances with even the most legitimate parties in the countries which surround us. We are not competent either to judge them or to prefer some of them to others by announcing our p partisanship of the one side, we should declare ourselves the enemies of the other. We do not wish to be the enemies of any of your fellow countrymen. We wish, on the contrary, by a faithful observance of the Republican pledges, to entirely remove all the prejudices which may mutually exist between our neighbours and ourselves. This course, however painful it may be is imposed on us by the law of nations as well as by our historical remembrances. Do you know what it was that most served to irritate France and strange her from England during the first Republic? It was the civil war, in a portion of our territory, supported, subsidized, and assisted by Mr. Pitt It was the encouragement and arms given to French- men, as heroic! as yourselves, but Frenchmen fighting against their fellow citizens. This was not honourable warfare. It was a Royalist propagandism waited with French blood against the Republic. This policy is not yet, in spite of all our efforts, entirely effaced from the memory of the nation. Well 1 this cause of dissention between Great Britain and us, we will never review by taking any similar course. We accept with gratitude expressions of friend- ship from the different nationalities included in the British empire. We ardently wish that justice may found and strengthen the of i friendship of races that equality may become more and more its basis ; but while proclaiming with you, with her (England) and with all the holy dogma of fraternity, we will perform only acts of brotherhood, in conformity with our principles, and our feelings towards the Irish nation." (Vive la Republique! Vive la Gouvernement Provisoire I Vive Lamartine !) > PAWS, Wednesday.--The reply of M. de Lamartine to the Irish deputation has made a profound impression here, and not a syllable in said by any one of the papers in opposition to the eloquent address of M. de Lamartine and the principles so ably laid down by that states- man. The following are the remarks of the ablest of the Paris journals upon the subject, and it is to be hoped, that they will be as widely circulated, and as deeply considered in Ireland as the address itself. Although the article is rather long, it appears to me of so much importance to show our Irish fellow subjects that the views of France on the affairs of Ireland are more sound than they perhaps have been led to imagine, that I give it at length (From the Debats c-We have at all times and on every occasion expressed our sympathy for the unhappy people of Ireland ; but at the same time every one knows our constant opinion on that unfortunate chimera which is called Repeal. No one will, therefore, be astonished that we give our entire approbation to the answer of M. de Lamartine. In the manifesto which he addressed last week to the foreign powers, M. de Lamartine declared that France would not let nationalities be oppressed which wished to reconstruct 'themselves Such or such a party in Ireland may have imagined that a principle applicable to Italy or Poland, or in one word to a whole, district nationality, which, had reason to fear the intervention or oppres- sion of a foreign power, might be equally applicable to Ireland. This is evidently an error: and for the interest of the peace of Europe, we congratulate ourselves that an opportunity has been given to the representative of the French Government of fixing clearly upon this point the policy of the new republic. ? Besides this,' we beg to observe that the deputies come over from Ireland have not come in the name of the whole of Ireland. Not only do they not represent the whole of that country, but they do not even re. present the whole of the Repeal party. We will not here attempt to point out the different parties which divide Ireland. It would be too long. We shall merely remind our readers that among the Irish who demand the legislative separation between their country and England, these who were yesterday at the Hotel de Ville of Paris are only delegated by a minority, and that at the present moment, while Young Ire- land is preaching war for the purpose of obtain- ing "repeal, Old Ireland continues to preach peace and moral force. If the French Government should wish to come to an understanding with the Irish, it ought to commence by begging of the Irish to come to an understanding among themselves. When the Italians claimed and vindicated, their independence', they had it in the name of ' a principle of inalienable sovereignty ; but the party which, in Ireland, asks-a local legislature, acknowledges at the same time the sovereignty of the crown of Great Britain. It is purely and simply pro- socialism, that is to say the very thing which is the most contrary to what we are, and what we are doing; and while Fr.enoh^Goyernment,^«, making itself the ally of Young or Old Ireland,; will only make itself the ally of a party. 1. The, words of-M. de LamartinévwiUpro<Íuce, we are sure, a very great impression on the, whole of; Great Britain, in, Ireland as well as, in England, We fully approve officers, for our part, because they contain Informal'aMOrances}! the desire of the Republic to maintain peace and to respect the rights of all nations. We could wish that they might contribute to calm the effervescence which is growing greater and greater in Ireland ; but we fear that they, will not have that power. We fear that before long that unhappy country will be the theatre of a bloody Scene; we deplore it profoundly, because we foresee the issue of it, and because we are firmly convinced that a Repeal would be a disastrous thing for Ireland herself. A war between the poor and the rich, between proprietors and tenants, would continue its fatal course through any number of political changes It is not the legislative union with England that is the source of that intestine struggle and it is not the separation of the Parliaments that will cause it to cease We will allow ourselves a last remark We see with a certain degree of surprise that the Irish delegation, in the addresses which they have presented to the Government of the Republic, give themselves several times the title of slaves. We suspect that in this word there is a slight degree of I It ish exaggeration. For, in short of the three delegates who have come to Paris, there are no, if we do not deceive ourselves, who are at the present moment under an accusation of sedi- tion in their own country. Eight days ago the magistrates of Dublin decided warrants of arrest against (hem, and cited them to appear before the Queen's Bench. The three persons accused gave bail, and bound themselves to appear before the court on a certain day. Boidcs I this, the third remains, in the meantime, in a Ireland, to continue his harangues as usual, while two embark very quietly and tranquilly. to come among us, and inform us that they are slaves. Seriously and sincerely there is not j too much slavery under such laws No that I is not the slavery of Ireland. It is in the terri- ! torial! constitution in its moral state that it I exists. It is in Ireland itself, rather than in England The first necessity of Ireland is not independence-it is regeneration. I BY this time the Criminal Law in England i has no doubt undergone a very considerable alteration, as it appears that an Appeal Court was likely to be organised ; but let us give the proceedings in the House of Lords, on the 24th March last : Lord Campbell moved the second reading of the Criminal Law Administration Amendment Bill He understood that the bill was not likely to be opposed, and therefore it would be a waste of time if he were to enter into any minute argument to show the propriety of again being to it : but he would state, shortly, what would be its effect. The object of the bill was to establish a court of appeal in criminal cases. The greater part of the criminal law was administered at quarter sessions, and very difficult questions of law sometimes arose there. In some counties it was very difficult to obtain satisfactory decisions on questions of law, which nevertheless, must be disposed of us they rose, and the only remedy for an erroneous decision was an appeal to the Home Seen tary who consulted the Attorney-General, and with his help reviewed the proceedings of the court of quarter sessions. Even before the judges of assize very great inconvenience was felt from the want of a competent tribunal of appeal The prevailing practice was, when a point of difficulty arose, (or the judge to reserve the point for the opinion of his brethren in Westminster-hall. Still this was not a tribunal which was sanctioned by the law. No reasons were assigned by the judges for the determination to which they came, and, if the prisoner was in their opinion wrongly conv acted, a pardon was granted, just as if he had been really guilty of the crime imputed to him. This was a very defective state of the law, and the object of this bill was to establish a court of appeal with respect to all points of law that might arise on the trial of a prisoner. If any of those points arose at quarter sessions they would bore terri d to a judge of assize in the first instance, and, if he found any difficulty in dealing with them. They would then be referred to the Court of Appeal in Westminster-hall. If the decision of the judges was in favour of the prisoner, the ' judgment would be vacated, and he would be released from all imputation Many persons thought that the bill ought to go further, and the prisoner , ought to have a right to move for a new trial upon the facts of the case in analogy with the practice which prevailed in civil proceedings. He did not despair that at some time machinery might be contrived for this purpose, but at present he owned that he had not courage to take such a step. In civil cases it would be indifferent to the public what delay might arise ; but, in criminal cases, it was necessary til to punishment should follow as speedily as possible. Now, one mischief which was likely to arise from the institution of this right of appeal was, that it might enable the rich delinquent so To delay the proceedings as to exhaust the public indignation at his offence by mere lapse of time. This, however, might be provided against and what he therefore proposed was that the bill should be now read a second time, and then be referred to a select committee, on which he should be glad if even all their lord- ships would serve; for his wish was that every kind of information bearing on the subject should be obtained If it should be thought that a right of appeal on the merit should be given as well as on questions of law, and if such a scheme should be considered practicable, he would be glad to render all the assistance in his power to effect that object. At present he contented himself with confining the appeal to questions of law only. After a few words from the Marquis of Salisbury, the Earl of Devon, and Lord Stanley, I be bill was read a second time and referred to a select committee. Their lordships then adjourned. All law8~pas"sed-iif England it is enacted shall be introduced into this colony, provided they are applicable, and the free citizens of this city have as much right to an appeal as the citizens of London, All are English- men, and have equally as much right to be governed and protected by British law. a England's boast formerly was that her constitution and her laws were models of perfection. We say nothing about the constitution, but as as regards her laws, if they are so perfect, what is^thejiseof Parliament meeting every year for the purpose of passing some two thousand additional enactments. Suppose, for instance, our learned forefathers, as we call them sometimes : whilst at other times we designate them as brutes and barbarians suppose, we say, our forefathers, whose precedents in law we so reverence, had passed laws in the same ratio, from the time of the landing of William the Conqueror to the present age (that-is at the rate of two thousand per annum) we ask what building would now contain them ? We say nothing about who could read or understand them! " Well, then,' the boast of the perfection of English law is mere moonshine. Napoleon swept away all the musty F.rench laws, and introduced a simple code which the modern French lawyers are endeavouring to mystify so that men not initiated into the mysteries may not under stand plain reading.;, However, according to the; Code Napoleon, the prisoner has a right of appeal and now it seems that the English are going back to their law-masters the French, and are again' borrowing from them. Formerly, all law proceedings were conducted in the**French'> language, and all clerical, or rather ecclesiastical correspond notice', in Latin. So also did the chemist hide ''his"' mysteries 'And kill' his patients under the clóák'bï'-lïié same dead language. If we all knew the truth, there would be no ammeter. Some people say allow' proceeds ngs are farcical. Why? Because they so, appear to any man vested with one grain of common sense. But if the law proceedings were carried on in Hindostanee,; the ignorant * Europeans would have a great veneration for the laws, Because they would not understand anything about them.' Our nature is a strange compound of folly. Tell a man that you can read and understand what he cannot, and that nevertheless it is in the English language, and he laughs at your vanity ; but tell him that you assisted the boy in fishing up Pharaoh's chariot wheel out of the Red Sea, and he seriously thinks it reasonable. The fact is this is the age of humbug, and there is far more humbug among those who call themselves literary and scientific men than there is among any other class of society. As to the right of appeal in civil and criminal cases, we know not in what manner the latter can be introduced effectively. At the Court is now constituted,, in civil cases an appeal home can be made, but the expense and delay is worse than tÇr^^ïïury in all cases it has hitherto iHvoi.tvVruin ! Appeals might be allowed from the Supreme Court to the Legislative Council, and would, we think, afford much good and relief. As to the appear) of those convicted by the Supreme Court, we presume the Executive Council would be the proper constituted Court to hear and decide. Cases where the sentence of death has been passed, we believe are at present discussed by that Council after a fashion ; but the right of appeal is a right to have the case gone into de novo, and fresh matter and fresh argument allowed to be produced. As to the prisoner population, they in reality have no ' right to enjoy the liberty of the free subjects, and we should recommend that no appeal whatever should be allowed them., But we must leave the subject, and shall await and see whether our law officers choose to introduce what we have no doubt is now the kjiw of England as regards the appeal to some superior tribunal. WE copy the following from a London journal of the end of March. The reader will observe that those curses of society, the Game Laws, are still in operation. Living as we do in the antipodes, we may be expected to reverse the order of things as they occur at the other side of the globe, so when in England they are endeavouring to abolish, we on the contrary are about to recommend the introduction of Game Laws and as our readers will admit, they are much required with us. But first let us show what our parents are about Mr. Bright rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to abolish the game laws. Three years ago he had brought the same question before the house, and had obtained the appointment of a committee to consider the subject. Sixty witnesses were examined before them ; and although the bill which he was about to propose was not based upon the report of the committee, he considered that it was justified by the general tenor of the evidence given on that occasion Twenty of those witnesses were tenant-farmers, and their evidence went conclusively to show that the preserving of game to the extent it was done in this country operated very injuriously against the profitable cultivation of land. The honourable gentleman then cited a variety of points from the evidence of these witnesses. The case of a tenant farmer was very different now from what it was sixty years ago. He had now to pay two rents one to the landlord, the Other in the form of interest on capital laid out in stocking the land, and yet the landlord insisted upon his right of retaining his game, which destroyed not only the natural produce of the land, but that resulting from these expensive outlays. He then alluded to the increasing number of committals under theatre laws, which was considered so important a feature in the case by Sir James Graham, when at the head of the Home-office, that he required a return of every such committal to be sent to that department. Out of these returns, in as limited period, there had been found so many illegal committals that forty prisoners had been discharged and sixteen sentences commuted. The hon. gentleman then referred to the effect of those laws upon the morals of the labourer. As far back as 1797 Mr. Fox declared "that the infraction of these laws prepared criminals for the infraction of all other laws ;" and he of Mr. Bright; was prepared to prove that there had been no amendment in these laws since that period. In 1918 and I 12-4 the House of Commons, and in 1828 the House of Lords, appointed a committee on this subject, and their reports fully established the demoralizing effect of the game laws.. In 1644 some mitigation was made by the licensing the sale of game, but nothing was done which went to the roof of the grievance. Poaching still went on, and ¿ffra)suith gamekeepers resulting in murder. He called upon the landlords to consider the sentiments and interests of their, tenantry, and to remove from the statute-book an enactment which had occasioned such deep demoralization throughout the rural population of the country. Sir George Grey considered that the bill introduced by Mr. Colville, the member for Derbyshire, would go far to mitigate the evils complained of. He considered that the bill proposed by the honourable gentleman the member for Manchester (Mr. Bright) would introduce evils of a greater magnitude than those now existing, and he, therefore, felt bound to oppose it. s After a few observations frohi'Mf,'*B.' Cochrane, Mr. Newdegate,' who opposed the bill, and Sir Harry Verney who supported it, Mr. G. Thompson moved the adjournment of the debate. The house divided, when the motion for an adjournment was negatived by a majority, of 67 to 82. _ ' ' "I - Dr. Bowring then moved the adjournment of the house, which was carried amidst a scene of considerable confusion, the effect being to throw over for a time the motion of the honourable member for Manchester. Now the game laws we should like to see introduced into our council need consist but of a very few clauses, to the effect that killing kangaroo, under any circumstances, during the breeding season- shoulHioe a fineable offence. Quail also rgoKoi protection; and the bill might incîirae'ifll game (excepting the government- officials)' for t although we have' but few pheasants, and fewer partridges, c; there is no reason to suppose a colony so well suited to their habits should remain, many years before they may become numerous. The ocean is i)ót,generallvisúppbsed to furnish game, but as game is a luxury are certain, descrip-' stories of fish for instance, the, oyster as to almost all other fish yet known tous, we may for the "present says catchment where you can, > because it would appear they are governed by laws which man cannot 'enter a jfere with. The sedeiitury^oyster^h'ôweyeK' is just an exception, he isi'rnoiï-emigrànt^and " there certainly should be something like law done to prevent his being brought to market during the hot summer days. It is at that season the oyster breeds, and then is it both of bad flavour and highly injurious. The health of the inhabitants demands some en actment by which oysters should not be sold in the market, or any where else during summer." But the health of the inhabitants requires main sewers under the thronged streets, and many other things, but we may just as well expect to get the sewers built by the present Government, as that we may anticipate any notice will be taken whether or no oysters are to be marketable when in season, or whether all the colonists are to be poisoned in the eating of them when out of season. ____________ SOME numbers back we stated that a judge, if he gave a wrong direction to a jury, by which means the jury returned what afterwards would appear to be an illegal verdict, plight to be amenable for the error and shouMÍfo^nade to pay out of his own pocket "The lafe cases, and also remuneration for the injury sustained by the delay. In fact judges should be equally as liable as attorneys for either crops, or their wilful infliction of injury contrary to law. From the Watchman of the 19th April we find that At the Somerset Assizes, Mrs. Williams, of Bath, brought an action against Mr Edward Jay, solicitor, of that city, to recover a sum of upwards of -KCMG, the amount of loss which the plaintiff even ed she had sustained by the negligent conduct of the defendant, in his character as a solicitor, in effecting a mortgage on the house, No. 2, Walcot Parade. The jury, after consulting for a few minutes, returned a verdict for plaintiff Damages 67 13s. 9d and interest thereon until paid Now cases of this kind are of very frequent occurrence in Van Diemen's Land, but we should like to know what remedy the Supreme Court affords. Truly you may make . your affidavits and what not, respecting the gross villainy and corrupt practices of an attorney, but what then ? you are told you have not obeyed the usual forms - the usual forms necessary to be made, when complaining of the roguery of a lawyer But neither their Honors nor any living lawyer in the colony (not even including the blight > native youth who is preparing himself for the chancellorship) can say what forms are necessary in this Demonian land to bring a ' lawyer to justice. As to mortgages, some of our lawyers beat all the lawyers of England hollow in the manner they do these things. We know one very honest man who absolutely drew a mortgage for a party and yet he had never seen any document relating thereto, nor ever heard in what the title consisted ; but in this instance the person giving the mortgage was the landlord of the lawyer's son. This may appear a crammer," but it can be proved beyond a possibility of doubt. Is it any use complain- ing to the Court of such conduct ? Why the aggrieved party might as well whistle to the moon ! _ 1 [COMMUNICATED.] We have to call the attention of the inhabitants of Hobart Town to the circumstance, that the Lieutenant Governor intends to lay before the Legislative Council, at its next sittings, "An Act to repeal the Act of Council, intituled an Act to amend an Act of this Island, intituled an Act for enabling the Government to secure a supply of pure water for the town and port of Hobart Town, and to substitute other provisions in lieu thereof." The notice itself appears in another part of this paper. This notice of an intention to legislate anew on the subject of a supply of water for the town is worthy of the serious regards of the inhabitants. It is scarcely more than twelve months (15th July, 1847) since the inhabitants represented a memorial to his Ex cellency signed by 2000 individuals-in- habitants of Hobart Town and its vicinity, setting forth their original and still existing light to a supply of pure water from the Wellington Rivulet, drawn from a source above all breweries and manufacturing esta- blishments right founded upon the fact that the water, of these rivulets were occupied for the good of the community, and the uses of the inhabitants of Hobart Town, by the very act of the occupation of the site of the town, and were secured to them by an Act of Council, vesting " these waters, the soil and bed of the rivulets, and all water-courses and their sources ofswply in the Crown, for the benefit of the inhabitants for ever," and claiming to be put in full possession of that light, by opening the old Town Tunnel by which the water had originally been conveyed to the town, from a point which rendered it impossible that the impurities of the manufactories on the stream could affect the water used for daily domestic purposes. The disregard of their memorial induced the inhabitants to make a representation to the Secretary of State in defence of their light. This representation set out their case in a manner which induces the hope that the threatened invasion of the right of the inhabitants will be repelled, and justice done them. But before time has elapsed sufficient to afford an answer to their repre- sentation to be received, it appears that some new measure is to be adopted, based upon the present arrangements, antagonistic in principle to the lights of the inhabitants, and altogether subversive of them-at the same time that they are practically defective, and place, the supply of water in the hands and at the mercy of an individual an extensive manufacturer and brewer whose interests are opposed to the rights of the inhabitants. Nothing is more dangerous, and nothing is more unconstitutional, than for a Government to frame its measures in reference to any interest other k than that of the whole community and we sweet see any necessity for legislating at ptGnR on the subject of a supply of water. The present Acts, if fully and legitimately carried into operation, are amply sufficient for every purpose- and any measure, having a narrower basis, will be insufficient, illegal, and unjust. It will be for the inhabitants to watch over the intended measure, and to see that the principles on which the Water Act. 6th William IV., No. 24, are recognised and acted up to. To enable them to do so, they must act in concert and with promptitude, and this they cannot do except by the ( appointment, of a committee by a public meeting of the whole' city) 'or of several'cpmmUtees by the different wards. The menucedlbody.ot-bréwers.areso deeply interested in the question, that they will not fail to adopt such measures for self-defence as they may consider sufficient. Before being called upon to pay an exorbitant rate for their necessary supply of water, they have a right to call upon the Government to remove such of their establishments from the stream as not only tend, but cannot fail, to render its water impure and unwhole- some, and to prevent them from using it. However long these establishments have existed, the right of the inhabitants is of prior date, and no length of time can legalise a nuisance, and it may at any time be abated, One thing is certain, that in the discussion on this Act the rights of the inhabitants must be asserted and maintained. This, it is obvious, it is the duty of the Government to do. The duty of the inhabitants is to take care that the Government performs its duty and it may be fortunate that by the introduction of this Act of Council, however threatening to their rights it may appear, another opportunity has been afforded them of pointing to their claim of right, embodied in their memorial of July, 1947, and of urging the Council, in the words of that memorial, .' to assert the right of the inhabitants of Hobart Town to the property in the Wellington Rivulet arising from original occupancy, and secured to them by an Act of the Legislature, and thus to maintain inviolate the sanctity of the trust committed to the Crown for the benefit of the public 