s To the Lord Bishop of Tasmania. in Mr. Lunn's resume the subjects by again "(noting your lordship's words-" Where do we find in the Bible a promise of guiding into all Thrush any ministers save those who are lawfully AOalled s" -- ' s r- i y ?? r " ' " " of i 4 ' My lord, the men to whom this promise was addressed were fishermen, tax-gatherers, and others-the lowest of the people. They were not ministers '* lawfully call d," for in those days the only lawful ministers were Levites and Priests. They were unlawfully called, against the custom and manner of their forefathers ; 1 'bur, being called by one who had authority, they were righteously called. But even Christ 'Jesus himself, the Holy Lamb of God, after His crucifixion, when His re-appearance had given proof of his divine origin, did not see meet to send them forth in His own name alone. He said, Harry until ye be endued with power from on high." And they carried until that day when eleven tongues of fire testified to the verity of their call, and a mighty rushing wind of the Spirit endowed them with power from on big in This was their call and that call is sufficient now, is whether they go in through the episcopal gate of the temple, or by any other which their Lord may appoint. For this temple is the city of God, which both twelve gates, my lord; and whether the Anglican church will be accounted worthy to possess one entire gate or not, I do not seek to decide ; but it will woefully fail, if it strive to appropriate to itself the other eletc n. God's mercy, my lord Bishop, is not limited by your apprehensions; neither has your church about it such peculiar and recognisable marks of sanctity, that I dare admit that it contains within its precincts the whole body of Christ. nor my lord, dare you. In my former letter, I called your lordship's words a " fatal glass." I am quite prepared to explain and to substantiate my allegation. In the peculiar use of the language which I have quoted, your lordship distinguishes between the call to salvation and the call to the ministry Herein you are right; for a man, who presumes to bear the vessels of the Lord, ought to feel himself in a peculiar manner sanctified for his work: he ought to know ex- perimentally the force of that saying of the Apostle Paul, " woe is unto me, if I preach not the Gospel." And though we know that some preach it of contention, and though with St. Paul we may rejoice that nevertheless it is preached, yet shall we be far from thinking that he who preachers of contention is therefore law- fully called. But if your lordship would imply, as undoubtedly the context does imply that there is no lawful call to the ministry save that which is recognised by the English church-this is my answer: Before the English church was formed, and before the Angel of that church had swathed it with linen bands, God called many to the ministry: since that church has been before the world, God has sent forth Angels to preside over and to gather together other churches: and when of the fair structure which the English church promised to become, nothing shall remains save the crumbling stones and blackened rafters, God shall still preside in the hearts of His chosen people, guiding them into all truth; shall still call whomsoever He will, and shall appoint unto each a place and a name, and a candlestick and an altar of praise. Beware, my lord, how you agitate questions so delicate as this If we have read the Scriptures aright, we know that no outward ordination suffices for the true ministry. Do we not all declare a call when we seek for admission into orders? does not the bishop, in words at least, solemnly communicate the Holy Spirit to them whom he ordains and what is this, save the most during and blasphemous mockery, unless we admit that it implies in the strongest manner the necessity of a Divine call and if you allow the necessity of a Divine call then certainly, my lord you must allow that it is competent for the Divine Being to call whom He will, and to sanctify whom He will, without limiting Himself by the opinions of an English bishop, or asking for the sanction of the English church. And where is the charter of the English churches where is the sign manual of the great Head of all our churches, conferring upon epis- company its prerogative of exclusive holiness? Were there not seven churches existing at one time in Anatolia, when the Holy One sent unto them His word by His servant John? and, if seven then, why not seven now ? it seven could co-exist, seven can coexist ; unless you are entitled to suppose that God has rejected those seven, to confer the glory upon you alone. And what my lord, is the great and mighty advantage likely to accrue to you, even if you should be able to displace every other candle- stick, and exile your own i Is it temporal? or is it spiritual » When the audit-day shall come, and you are required to give in your accounts before the bar of the Great Judge-to whom all churches are alike-and when you find yourself in a capacity to say to God, I promoted Thy glory of God, by limiting Thy mercy, and I showed my own humility, by paying to others, like the Pharisees of old, stand afar off, for I am holier than ye-when you shall have to lemnly and deliberately enunciated this self glorying catalogue of supererogatory merits, never, yet demanded of you, before the Lord what advantage, think you, will accrue unto you, there and then ? > << I forbear to answer you are able to make answer unto yourself. it But to recur the distinction implied in your words between the ministry and the laity, is a distinction of man's making, not of God's. St. Paul was not more acceptable before God than the humblest acolyte of the Lord Jesus, who partook of His saving grace. God seeth not as man teeth and His language is, my son, give me thy heart. You know well that this is all that man has to give, and if he give this, he giveth his all he giveth unto the Lord the widow's mite, and St Paul could do no more. For if he differed from other men, where in soever he differed the Lord alone made him to differ and why should you suppose that the free gift of God implies personal merit in the man ? God sitteth the workman for the work ; but he (lepjeth,unto none true holiness of heart. Neither did Christ Jesus in those of per verted words address himself personally to the Twelve Disciples alone If He did, then He addressed them unto Judas Iscariot, one of the Twelve and he had a devil I Moreover this record of John's is only in our possession now, not' because Christ spake those words unto the Disciple, but because for the edification of the churches, the Holy Ghost repeated those words unto John. It is beyond human perversity lo averahat JohnioriPeter, or they all taken to. gether, could have accurately remembered the words of our, (Saviour, or rather could so judiciously have called out His words, as to com- pose. the Gospel of. St. John, had not the Holy Ghost brought to their minds all that He had told them. And this reflection takes away the personality, and gives to the application a generality worthy of Him, who snake by the inspire ration of the Father, those life-giving sentences which were intended nor for one man, or for one occasionnent for all who should come to God through Christ, and for ages without end. My lord; if you were writing a sermon of the subject, and did not at the moment happen to remember that you are Apostolically descended, -you would, say these same things, - ' * ' ' But, my of, the most solemn part of this my warning voice is not by stuttered! He that presumed to sit in Caesar's judgment-seat, should be well prepared to show that he held a commission from Caesar. He that presumes to say " I am right, and all that are not with me are wrong," should be at least as holy as Christ Jesus himself, last peradventure he be found fighting against God. ,' ' My Lord Bishop, you are not holier than your neighbours. Your temper, your disposition, your conduct, are not better than the like affections of other men. Congregationalists of many denominations are able to produce indu 'viduals from amongst their ricksha every way as meritorious, and in all reason as acceptable before God as you are and this argument alone, which all men feel, though few venture to urge it to you, is sufficient to overthrow the vain-glorious superstructure of Apostolical descent which you have builded for yourself and for your church. I invite you, therefore, my lord, as an instructed Christian man, not lacking knowledge, to enter anew into the investigation of these momentous subjects. I offer, in all Christian amity, to perform my part, by aiding in the extrication of the true doctrines of regenera- tion from the mass of accumulated rubbish under which they are buried. Friends we are not, but Christian men we may both he and it were a worthy and a noble strife to see whether we cannot, by patient examination of the Scriptures, elicit some more saving doctrine than the Apostolic descent of any church, and some more vital principles than the outward sprinklings of the flesh I have the honor to be, my Lord, your Lordship's obedient Servant, THOMAS SPURR. 