BAROX'BEN. A Faulknss to tiib akscbb ! — Shakespeare. In times of old, when the llarons bold squatted o'er wolds mid meads, They seized their lands, with blood stained hands And hehl them by dint of their lawless blinds And the sweat of their inailclail sleeils j Fire and flame, were their legal claim , And their swords, their title deeds. But shew me tho Baron, now or then Could manage the matter like Baron Ben, . Or, with all their bounce about " iron hands," Could grasp such a handful, as I have of lands — No, these pitiful braggarts in plume and casque Were afraid to do more than modestly ask For a parish or two at most. And they risked their life in mortal strife For a few old farms, or a neighbours wife, And then, had the face to boast, — Why — " so help me Bob," its my be lief That of all the lands they won — There's hardly a single manorial fief, That ever was seized by lordly thief, Stnlwnrth baron — or border chief ; As big as my smallest run. Lord — Lord — how on old baron's ghost would stare. To sec how I pounce on the lion's share, With n lion's strength of paw, Or to see how I manage to keep the same In the gripe of my well-clenched claw. For if any one dares dispute my claim, I've a readier method than fire and flame Of uprooting tho miscreant — fama and name — ' . For I crush the wretch at law. I want no mailclad glittering host, No huulibert or cuirass. Mv weapon is blunt, my mail the Post My lance, a goose's quill at most My visor a face of brasss. No powgnwed page, no hireling bard No painted Herald in gay tabard My solid triumphs swell One trusty Squire is all I ask, Dirty or clean, to "do the task" And I've one that suits me well. No 'broiderod scarves of silken crape This trusty Squire bedighl No doublet slushed bedecks his shape, — But a " same what the worse for wear," — Mackintosh Cape And a beaver that once was white, — A sorrowful nag, to carry his swag, Completes my faithful knight. Him I despatch — this valiant squire —Might — " Dan of the Lion's den," To gain me such lands as I desire, And add to my spoils a goodly shire. By dint of his supple pen. Blythely he sallyeth forth the town, More biytliely I ween than his steed; jic obiiKtiUi itii ojiiccr isiii «i jcuuYvijp " Commissioner" Hight " of lands of the Crown" Whom he uscth to serve his need ; And him he discourscth — to "shun my frown," And hintcth — how handsomely I can " come down," With a guerdon of golden meed. \- He placeth a map across.his knees, And tnketh a pencil in hand. And be markelh thereon, with coolest ease, y A million of acres or so in a piece, And he asketlt — for fourteen years — the lease Of this goodlie track of land. And he chucklcth to think — that by book or crook, That lease shaii be entered in " Dooms day Book For well knoweth he — such lease shall bo ' A lease in perpetuity .J Then show me an ancient " Lord of soil,'' 'That managed— with all bis mattial toil, To gather 0110 half so large a spoil As I — with my purse and pen — Or tell me a pilfering Baron of old, .Who worked out a system so vast and bold Or in any one single respect could hold A candle to " Baron Ben." 