THE IRVINGITES IN LONDON. After hearing ah able discourse from Mr Weir, iti the Presbyterian Church, Islington I went with a friend to see the service of the Irvingites, in the immediate neighbourhood. I was struck, at nnrp. with the singularly Catholic aspect of the place. In the middle aisle stood a large baptismal font. In front was the altar, ascended by a flight of steps, and surmounted by a 'tabernacle,' or p^ace for the eucharist. To the left, as you enter, is ths pulpit, as seen in the Roman Catholic churches, a little way removed from the altar. On the right of the altar stands the chair assigned to the ' angel,' rearing its mitred top to a great height. On either side are seats for the inferior ministers, like stalls in a cathedral. There were fifty or sixty persons present, among whom were not more than ten men besides the performers, who where very numerous. After we had waited a few minutes, there issued from a side door five persons, dressed in black gowns with capes, which were trimmed with white, and some with red. Two of them I noticed smiling as they entered, as if conscious of the ridiculous figure which they cut. They sat down on a seat in front of the altar. After a little, they were followed by two others, dressed in white surplices. The first, who was the ' angel,' had over the surplice a black scarf, with a cross on it behind. The second had a red scarf, and, having opened the pulpit door for the angel, he sat down near. The angel then began the service jubt like a Roman Catholic priest by saying, ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;' and the men in black chanted ' Amen.' He did not, however, make the sign of the cross on his face with his hand, though it occupies a conspicuous place before the prayers in the ' Liturgy' or prayer-book, in which the directions are in red letters, and all the pages are bordered with red lines. After a short prayer, which was half chaunted, the angel began his sermon on the 'Earnest of the Spirit.' The discourse was prosy tautological, and mystical. He repeated again and, again that the Spirit himself is the Christian's earnest ; not his gifts, or manifesta tion, or operations, or external influences of any kind. Me said to look for his miraculous displays was to fall into the error of their ' Evangelical brethren,' who looked for certain effects on the heart and conduct as evidences that they had tho Spirit. His object in these remarks seemed to be to apologise for the undeniable absence of miracles and strange tongues, which the sect claimed as its glory when it started-— and wanting which delusion, it resembles a candle without a wick. There was a good deal of vague talk about Christ, and being in Him ; but still the notions of the preacher are quite Roman Catholic on some essential points. He said that the sacrament of baptism conferred divine life ; that this life was fed by the Lord's Supper ; and that Christians are to look for direction, not to the Holy Spirit, but to their minister. He did not show how the Holy Spirit could be an ' earnest' to them who had, according to his own argument, no evidence of his presence in their souls, and could not look for any without falling into error. He concluded with a short prayer, and then retired, followed by the men in black. After a short interval, the communion-service com menced, and here the company of priests put forth all its ceremonial pomp — all its power to dazzle by dress and colour. Never did a French coquette more anxi ously study effect, or more ingeniously contrive to be picturesque. But the attempt bordered more closely on the ridiculous than the sublime. First appeared two bo v s in white surplices, next, at intervals came the priests, to the number of fourteen, ranging them selves at the seats on each hand of the altar, to which most of them did obeisance as they passed it in front. They were clothed in large white surplices, surmounted with black capes, and over these were suspended, from the neck, a long belt or narrow scarf. These orna ments were of many colours, white, black, blue, green, and red. Four of these priests, who occupied a posi tion in front, had red stripes hanging from their ltfc shoulders. Last, entered the angel or high priest, marching solemnly to the sound of the organ, in gor geous vestments, which gave him a most portly and imposing appearance. He bowed to the altar, and proceeded to his throne, where he stood while one of the priests read an exhortation from the Prayer Book. Then they began to pray. .'?'??' They do not ' elevate the host ;' but, after a bene diction, hand it round in silence. They used to have large lighted candles on the altar in daylight, but they have given them up with the strange tongues. The prayers are mostly copied from the Liturgy of the English Church. There are six or seven of these churches in the metropolis, all miserably attended, and in a declining state. The numerous staff of priests, or ' evangelists,' is composed, I understand, of enthusi astic persons, being clerks, &cc.; ' Stifih a nnnnpr.«hnw in flin nomo nf Hliriatian wor ship, in this metropolis, in the 1 9th century, is a me lancholy proof of the weakness of the human mindi. In an age of persecution, this fantastical sect would have furnished its martyrs, and flourished. Its ephe meral existence and perishing condition, are striking proofs of the advantages of toleration to the cause of truth and rationality. Toleration is the death of fana ticism. Could Irvingism have had its martyrs, it would doubtless have had still its tongues and its miracles, and a host of followers.— Coirespondent of the North British Mail. 