THE DEVIL AND JOHNNY DIXON. by the author op 44 stories gf waterloo," Arnold. Yonr form is man's, and yet yon may be devil. Stranger. Unless you keep company with him (and you seem scarce used to such high company) you can't tell how he approaches. the deformed transformed. For three Bights I scarcely .won a pool, and that was bad enough , but to lose the best weight-carrier that was ever lapped in leather, for a paltry ten pound note, and a daisy-cutter with a firadleg and feathered eye, would make a saint swear, and a Qua ker kick-- his mother. 44 Night had closed in, as 1 passed the cross-roads of Kilmaotigue, about two miles from home ; and I pulled up into a walk, to bring my bad bargain cool to the stable. Just then I heard a liorse behind me, cominer on in a slapping trot ; and, before you could say Jack Robinson, a strange horseman was beside me. 44 Morra, Mistre Dixon,' says be. ' Morra to ye, sii,' says 1, turning sharp about to see ll I could know bim. He looked in the dim light a 'top-sawyer,' and, as far as 1 could judge, the best-mounted man 1 bad met for a month of Sundays. He appeared to be dressed in black his horse was the same colour as his coat, and I began to tax my memory, hard, to recollect the place where he and I had met before- " You have the advantage of me sir says I. ' Faith, and that's odd enough,' says be, ' for you and 1 rode head and girth together at the stag- buut at Rathgranaher.' " Death and and nouns 1' says I, ' is this Mr Ma- gan. " " I believe so," says he,' for want of a better.' "Ahl then,' said I, ' I'm glad I met you. Is that the black mare that carried yon so brilliantly ? " The same,' he replied. " No wonder I didn't know ye : you wore at Rathgranaher a light-green coatee, and now you're black as a bishop. " 1 buried an aunt of mine lately,' says be. " Maybe you could do as much for a friend, replied I ; 1 1 have a couple at you're service ; and as I pay them a hundred a year, I wish them often at the devi'.' " I'll make no objection on my part,' replied Mr. Magan. ' But how far is it to Templebeg > It will be late before I reach it, I fear.' 44 It's the woist road in connaugbt,' said 1 j 4 my den is scarcely a mile off ; and, if you are not in a hurry, tarn In for the night, and you shall have a warm stall, a grilled bone, and a hearty welcome.' 44 Never say it again,' says Mr Magan ; and on we rode, cheek by jowl, talking of fairs, horses, and the coming election. Lord ! nothing came amiss to him ; he was up to everything, from ecarte to rob bing the mail coacb ; and in politics so knowing, that one while 1 fancied him a Whig, and at the next I would have given my book oatb he was a black Orangeman. Before we reached the avenue, 1 tried if he would ' stand a knock." 44 Would you part with the mare?' says 1: " If I was bid a sporting price, 1 would part with my grandmother, if I had one,' was the reply. What boot will you take, and turn tails ?' said I. Neighbour,' replied Mr Magan; 4 it must be a long figure that gets Black Bess. What's that you're riding ?' " A thourough-bred four-year old, by Laugar, out of a Tom Pipes mare.; " BedershiD 1'. says he, ' Tom died before you were born.' This wasahard hit. Devil a one of me knew how the horse was bred ; but, as he happened to be a chesnut, I thought £ would give bim Langar lor a sire. Pretending not to hear the remark, i con tinued. 44 He's uncommon fast up to twelve stone ; will take five feet, ' coped and dashed.' without a balk ; and live the longest day with any fox hounds in the province. At three years old, Peter Brannick re. fused fifty for him.' And didn't ask a rap for a dark eye and a ring bone, > observed Mr Magan. 4 4 Oh !' says I, to myself, ' Magan, there's no com- I ng over ye !' So I thought that I bad better leave horse flesh alone, and try if I could draw him at a setch of loo, or a hand of five and ten.' i' With that we had ridden into the yard, and ft rven our prads to the men, with a hundred charges om the stranger, that his mare should have a ran-mash and warm clothing. Well, I ushered him into the parlour, and there was a roaring fire. and the cloth laid for supper ; for, luckily enough, ndy Mac Keai had expected me home. Mr Magan took off his cotamore, laid his bat and whip aside and then threw bis eyes over the apartment. 14 Mona mon diaoul ? says he, if there's a snugger hunting box between Birr and Bantry.' \- un i sain 1, tne caom is well enongh tor a tcose lad like me. Everything here is rough and ready ; and as it's a bachelors shop, you most make allow - anees.' 4 Arrah 1 nabocklish ! I'm a single man myself, and it's wonderful how- well 1 get my health, and ma nage with a housekeeper. By-thi—bye,' and he looked knowing as a jailor, 'is Judy MacKeal with you still ?' "And what do you know about Judy, neighbour ? says I. " Don't be offended,' replied he- ' The boys were joking after supper at Dinny Balfe's; and Maurice Firench Darned her for face and figure, against any mentioned for a poney-' " Ffrench is a lool !' I replied. 4 But as you know Judy aheady, we'll ring and see if there's any chance ol supper. She answered the bell, told ns the docks were at the fire, and that in half an hour, ail would be ready When she went away, Magan swore she was the best looking trout he had laid eyes on lor a twelvemonth and, spying out a pack of cards upon the chimney- piece, proposed that we should kill time with a game of hookey or lansquenet. 'It was the very thing I wanted ; but 1 took the offjr indifferently. " Egad 1 I'm afraid of you,' says I; as I laid the pack upon the table cloth. He cut the cards- The deal is yours. What an infernal ass I am to touch paper,' says he, and kissing the knave of clubs. By this book I'm sucb an uniucky devil, that I.veiily believe, had my father bound to a hatter men would be born without heads. Come, down with the dust I and he pulled from bis breast pocket a parcel of notes as thick as an almanac. Tiiey were chiefly fives aud tens ; and when I remarked them ail the black bank, (one of the Belfast banks is thus named) 1 set him down a northman. "We played at first tolerably even, but by the time supper was served 1 fouud myself a winner of twenty pounds. This was a good beginning ; and I endeavoured to continue my good luck, and if 1 could, do Mr. Magan brown. ' Down we sate ; my friend had an excellent appe tite and finished a duck to bis share. We- drank a bottle in double quick time, got the cards again aud called for tumblers and hot water. Judy brought in the materials, and Mr. Magan be gan to quiz her. ' Arrah ! Miss M'Keal' says he, ' will ye come and keep my bouse and I'll double yer wages ?' And where do ye live ?' replied she. " Down in the north, replied Magan, ' and I have as nate a place, ay, and as warm too, a house, as ever you laid foot in ?' Have done with jour Joking says Jndy, 'and go, home to yourowu ducenl wife.' " I have her yet to look for,' replied be. Devil hate the liars,' says judy. " Ah then, amen !' says Mag-u. « I wouldn't believe ye,' continued she, "if you kissed the vestment on it.' Have it your own way,' says he. "Why, what good Irish you have for a Northman !' replied Judy. My mother was a Muuster woman,' says Mr. Ma gan. ' Tsshe alive ?' asked she. 'Dead as Cleopatra,' he said with a laugh; and Judy afterwards remarked. she knew he was a rascal or he would have added, « God rest hei soul !" 44 When thtriiousekeeper disappeared, the stranger fi led a bumper. 'Egadj' thought I, ' I'll try him now, whether lie be radical or tiue blue, and, lifting up the tumbler, proposed, « The glorious, pious and immortal memory—' ' Of the great : nd good King William,' says he, taking the word out os my mouth, and wit 1 a laugh off Went the bumpers, and we commenced the cards anew. rrc ni5bt 1 had the luck of thousands i be black bank notes came over the table by the do zen ; and qb the northman lost In money, hisltemper went along with it. He cursed tbeca-ds and their maker, swore he would take his oath agaiuat bones and paper for a twelvemonth ; made tumbler after tumbler, and as he'd rank them belling from the ket tle, I wondered how he could swallow pateen punch hot enough to scald a pig. ' Come,' says he, in a rage, ' 1 see how the thing will end ; and the sooner 1 am cleaned out the better, Instead of a beggarlyflimsy, fork out a five-pound note.' ' With all my heart replied IJ ' Curse of Cromwell attend upon all shoemakers ?' said Mr. Magan with a grin. 'Arrah! what's vexing ye now:'suysl pulling the third five pounder across the table- ' Everything !' returned he' I have the worst of luch,a tight boot and a bad coro- ' I'll get you slippers in a shake-' " Mind your cards,' says be, rather cross : there's nobody here but ourselves and I'll pull it off quietly under the table.' 'He did so ; we continued play ; and though he lost ahead, he recovered his temper, and seemed to bear it like a gentleman. It was quite clear that the boot bad made him cranky. No wonder, an angry corn and tight shoe would try the patience of- a Mide. ' Well the last of his bundle of bank- notes was in due course trausferred to me, and I fancied I had him ' polished off; ' but dipping his band into his big-coat pocket, be produced a green purse,, half a yard long, and stuffed, apparently with sovereigns. I lighted a cigar, and offered him another, but he de clined it, aud after groping his cotamore, tor half a minute, produced a a short pipe, which he lighted at the candle. 1 hve smoked tobacco these ten years, — Persian or pigstail were all (he same to me ; — but the first nhif of Magan's pipe I thought would have smothered me on the spot. ' Holy Bridget 1' says I, gasping for breath. ' Ar rah ! what stuff is that you're blowing V ' It's rather strong,' says he, ' but beautiful when your used to it. Cut the cards ; and as they say in Conniught, |if money stands, luck may turn.' Just then Judy came in to ask Mr. Magan if he would have a second pair of blankets on his bed. ' Will you come with me ?' says he, putting his arm round her jokingly. " God take ye, il possible!' cried Judy: ' pheaks, your are not over well honest man, for your hands in a fever.' ' It's the liker my heart, Judy,' and he gave her a coaxing smile. " Sorrow one of me liked his making so free. ' Go. on with your game,' says 1, ' and don't be putting your comether over my housekeeper. ' At the momenta horse tramp was heard in th yard, and Judy ran to the window. " Who's that I' siys I. ' Devil welcome bi-i>, whoever be is ;' for 1 thought be would interrupt us. " It is a short man on a grey poney,' says Judy, with a big blue cloak about him.' " PhewP and I whistled. ' It's Father Feag- han. ' Father Paul I' ejaculated Mr. Magan, turning as pale as a shirtfrill, and dropping the pipe on the floor. " Oh, death and nouns I the carpet will be ruined, roared Judy, plumping down upon her knees, ant snatching at the pipe ; but before she reached it, she gave a wild scream, as if she saw a ghost, and begt r blessing herself busily, Bnt scarcely had she made the sign of the cross, when a thunderclap shook the lodga, a blaze lightened through the supper room, aoo Mr. Magan, taking with him the black bank notes, and the baud of cards he was playing with, vanished up the chimney. No doubt he would have taken the roof away into the bargain, had not Father Paul been fortunately so near us, " And said I ' did no o'her evil cossequences at tend this unhallowed visit.' " Evtl consequonces4l" returned Johnny Dixon, as he repeated my words : " my stable-boy was fright ened into fits ; Judy Mac Keal kept her bed for a lor.- night, — and ' my soul to the devil,' thirty shillings' did not pay the glazier, — for Magan — the Lord's ci rse light upon him I' — smashed the windows into smith- eieens. " But it grows late," he continued addres sing his companion; ' and you and 1 Peter, must be up ere cock crow. Good night, sir 1" and he turned to me. "Should you evtr meet Mr. Magan, — while you remain in his society, never be persuaded as they say iu Mayo, to prove agreeable,' or, ' fight, flirt, play cards, or hold the candle." Note.-— The story was told me at a supper table by a Connaught gentlemen, with the most profound gravity imaginable. He, the hero, believed it teli- ligiously himself; and woe be loathe sceptic who gain- sayed its authenticity. Poor Juhnny lies undtr a ton weight of marble. A better fellow never took six feet in a swo-e, canied off a third boule or gave a job to the coroner. Requi- escat, Amen I 