MISCELLANEOUS. A Genuine Yankee Ghost — I have noticed in our thrifty money-loving community that there is a very common notion that the disposal of an estate contrary to the known wishes of the testator is the most potent spell of all others for raising a Yankee Ghost. Among the many anecdotes which cor roborate this opinion, I must content myss\f with citing one, the scene of which happens to.be in a neighbouring town. Some years ago, an elderly woman, familiarly known as " Aunt Morse,'" died, leariog a handsome little property. No will was found, although it was understood before her decease that such a document was in the hands of Squire S-, one of her neighbours. One cold winter evening, tome weeks after her departure, Squire S. sal in his parlour looking over his papers, when, hearing some one congh in a familiar .way, he looked up, and saw before him a little crooked old woman, in an oil. f nut-coloured woollen frock, blue and I white tow and linen apron, and striped i blanket, leaniag her sharp pinched face : on, one hand. while the other supported . j a short black tobacco pipe," "at wbtcb j she was puffing in tbe most vehement ' and spiteful manner conceivable. The ' squire was a man of some nerve ; but his first thought was to attempt an j escape, from which he was deterred > only by the consideration that any j effort to that effect would necessarily j luing him nearer to his unwelcome' | visitor-., "Aunt Morse." be said at j length, " get right back to the burying . ground ! What on earth are you here for?," Tbe apparition took her pipe deliberately from ber mouth, and in. formed him th it she came to see justice : done with her will ; and nobody need think of cheating her, dead or alive Con. eluding her remark with a shrill etn. phasis. she replaced her pipe «nd putted away with renewed vigour. The squire had reasons for retaining the document at issue, which be had supposed conctu. ! sive, but he bad not reckoned on the interference of the testator in the mat ter. Aunt Morse, when living, be bad always regarded as a very shrew of a woman — and he now began in suspect that her recent change of condition h id improved her, like Sheridan's ghost, the wrong way.' He saw nothing bet- ( ter to be done under tbe circumstances, than to promise to see the matter set right that very evening. The ghost nodded her head approvingly, and, ' knocking the usl.es out of her pipe against the chimney, proceeded to fill it anew wi h a hand ul of tobacco from her side pocket. , And now, squire," she said, if you'll jost light my pipe for me, I'll be a-gotng." Tbe Squire was, as has been intimated, no coward — he had been out daring the war in a Merrimack privateer, and had seeo sharp work off the Fayal, but, as he siid afterwards, ' it was no touch to lighting Aunt Morse's pipe.' No slave of a pipe-benrer ever handed the chi- boque to the Grand Turk with more care and reverence than the Squire manifest ed on tins occasion. Aunt Morse drew ; two or three long preliminary whiffs to i see tliat all wai right, pulled her blan- j net over her head, and slowly hobbled j nut at tlie door. The .Squire being true ; to Ins promise, was never again dis- i turhed. It is right in coticlu-ioti to say tliat there were strong suspicions at the time that '.he ghost was in realiiy of flesh and blood — in short, o e of the living heir- of .Aunt Mor-e, and not the old htdy herself. — ' ittj.eriutturaHsm in .Yeir Knyhu I. A J'hitos-ijiher puzzled. — -Tile pro prietor of a tan yard, adjacent to a tow n in Virginia, concluded to bnild a slant! or sort (of store, in one of the 1 main streets, for the purpoje ol rending leather and the like. After completing his. building, he began to consider what sort of n signIt would he best to put up ; and for days and weeks he was sorely puzzled. At last a happy idea struck him. He bored an augcr-hole in the door-post, and stuck a olf's tail into it, with the hushv cud flaunting out. After a while he noticed a grave loo)?i ing personage standing near thnjWy with his spectacles on, gazingjKfd to on the sign ; and there lie crthitil the stand, gazing and gajiftts excited, curiosity of the langHsrtl the indi. Hc'steppcd out nmUnftting," said he. vidunl. ' (LflVlhe other, without " Murningjs from the sign. " You moving LjGfeaUier 1 " said the store- want>£5' No." " To sell hides ? " Are you a farmer ?" " No." (jBMticrchant ? " " No.'' " A latv- fSr I " " No." " A doctor ? " " No." What the deuce are you then ? " I'm a philosopher. I have been standing here for an hour, trying to see if I could ascertain how that calf got through that auger hole, and can't rfake it out to save my life/ — . Yew York Argus. Why are the Porteclionisls like wal nuts? Because they arc troublesome tu ' Peel.' 