Tn the addrqss the Rcverend gentleman made the following reply. :-." Mv DEARn SENIOR AND yTOUNN OENTLRNMEN,- return you my sincere thanyks for the verylhandsome present you have been pleased to make me upon our separation,-on the severment of that moral link which has united us for nearly, five years. you as pupils, and me as your Teacher and Principal for a considerable portion of the time. This, present you'are pleased to .er.nke as n testi. monial of my persevering elforts in the discharge of my duty. I am sorry to be obliged to advert to my own exertions in the language of praise; In justice. however, to you, I must acknowledge that, with God's assistance, I have made considerable efforts to improve the pupils of this Institutioh in religion, science, and literature. Of the success of .these efforts, you have heard the testimony of his Grace the Archbishop. The improvements l ascribe, under God, to the following causes :-Your supetiors had Iin thei' own hearts a most complete love of order, and a strong desire of doing you the greatest 4pount of good -morally in, their power, of ,iclich 'ou, in I time, became perfectly convinced. Under the power of tlis persuasion. your hearts were insensibly' brought to sincere attachment to your superiors, arind by consequence, to a sincere love-for what they lovesd-order, and your improvement. Under the a circumstances, the iron rod of severity was cast aside, and there succeeded the sweet and sweetly moving power of mutual affection. Order, once established, under its influence progressed ; thie rules were day after day observed with greater exactness ; application to study progressed. In one word, when mutual affection between the pupils and superiors became the inhabitant of tire Seminary, by the grace of God it was raised to charity under the benign influence, of which copious blessings were p.lourd out upon- the Seminary. " Allow me again, my children, to return you my sincere thanks, and beseech you to persevere in observing the rules of the establishment to the letter ; cont;nue to apply diligently to your studies; love order; never allow any circumstance to eradicate from your heasts a sincere-love for your superiors. With thte eye of foith behold thlm as the representa tives of Jesus Christ. Thus your mutual affection will be sweetly and insensibly elevated to the love of 'charity, under the influence of the vivifying spirit of which you will make considerable progress in religion, science, and literature ; you will convert the Seminary into an abode of real happiness, and your souls into temples of the holy Ghost. This, my dear children, is and ever shall be my fervent prayer. THa LATE MURDER AT KA?PAaA.-We havebeen enabled to obtain an account of this affair, through the .kindness of a gentleman who has just arrived from tirhe Kaipara district, wh!ich we believe may be depended 'on. A native called Kapu, remarked for gener'al eccentricity of conduct, in a hut on the mountain of Tangiulhe, suddenly struck another native-of tihe name of Jacky, in the forehead, whita squaring-axe and killed him. The murdered man was sleeping at the time, but there.were many other .natives in thire but, all engaged in their evening prayer, in which the murderer himself was joining at the time he struck the blow. The surprise and confusion were so. great tlatl.e was suffered to escape to the bush, where he remained fqr a while, but presently returned,when ihe was secured, and his hands bound behind :his back. The sufferer is reported to have been of an exceedingly mild and inoffensive disposition, nor could any other cause than insanity be assigned? for the perpetration of the crime. Early the next morning, by break of day, Tirerau was informed of the cirdcmstance, and immediately repaired to the spot, in company with the Rev. Mr. Buller, Wesleyan Missionary at Kai pars, where the natives, relatives and" brothers of .the murderer, sat in judgment,and immediately pro nounced him wo;thy of death. l'hey seemed, how ever, unwilling to carry the sentence into execution which disinclination Mr; Buller immediately took ad vantage of, and commending them very much for their forbearance, 'advised them to carry the pri soner to Auctkland, where he would be dealt with according to the forms of English law. .Their answer . as -" Who would take tile troubler ta .,carry such- a fellow, a mtur derer, to Auckland P.' No I we'll execute judgment ourselves." We have learned, from another source, that' they likewise asked what payment they would receive for their expenses P and who was to be re 'sponsible for it P A question whlichMr. Buller was of course unable to answer. Some proposed that Kapu should be killed by the axe with which he committed the deed, but were overruled by the others, on tirhe ground that shedding of blood was contrary to the Scriptures. It was thereforedotermined, that as Jacky was buried, Kapu should be buried likewise. When asked what could have moved him to the commission of so foul a deed P he replied that long ago he had received some provocation from the deceased : but the excuse was hIeld so frivolous and unsatisfac tory. as to meet with thle utmost contempt from his own brethlren. The next day a deep pit was prepared, into which hie was thrown, having pleaded in vain for a respiteon the ground of having several others to kill, amongst whomn was the Chief Tirerau him self, and was covered up with all expedition.-New Zealnnder, March 29. CotmmTrAL.--Tlo woman Ellen Thompson, charged with stealing cloth from Mr. Moses Brown, was fully committedl by the City Police Court to take her trial on Wednesday last, and not remanded, as was, by mistake, stated in our last numbers ,:Sr. PAasctK's Socsarv.-The annual general meeting of the members of this,iqstitution was held aesthe Builders' Arms on Tuesday evening, and as the financial affairs of the body were to be sub mjtted, and the annual elections of office bearers and committee proceeded with, much interest was mani fested by the members. The President having taken the chair, the Secretary read a statement, which showed the' affairs to be in a very prosperous con dition. The. audited accounts were also produced, which showed a handsome balance to the credit of the society in the Bapk of Australasia. The Secre tary.then. intimated he was prepared to answer any question connected with his.office, and give any further information -required. The president was prepared to act similarly, as well as any officer of the committee. rThe state of matters having given much satisfactlon; the old officers vacated office, and the president left the chair, wheo Mr. P, O'Brien, of the Hotel, ;was called thereto;. after whlich votes.f tbanks were p'assed to the late president, secretary, and .reasurer,' which were duly acknowledged by the.r?espective partics-the remarks of.the treasurer, Mr;T. Lane, being singularly original, and excel-' ling eve.r his recent displays at the Buriis' Festival and St.,Patrick's dinner. On the motion of Mr. E. Finn,.seqonded by Mr.,O'Shanessy a vote of thanks was. carried to the old committee for the anxiqus zeal which they always evinced in the discharge of their offices for the past. year. The elections were \- next proceeded with, and terminated in the following manner. Oficelbearers for the. ensuing year,,end ing.. 31st :Marcth- '1849-President,. Mr. John O'Shanessy; Vice-Priesident, Mr. Edmund Fiiin ; :Honorary Secretary, Mr. Peter- Millar ; Treasurer, Mi. Timothy Lane; -Accountant, . Mr. William Moloney ; Auditors, Messrs. Richard Dalton and `Patrick" O'Brien ;'-- Committee of : Management, Messrs. Jaines Martin; M.D., John Rourke, William Finn', Hugh 'Cain, Patrick Kennedy. David Leary, 'William O'COhnell, Thomas Dollard, Richard Dal-. "ton, William Donnellan, Edward Fennessy, and, Daniel Leahey'; Wardens, Messrs. William Moore. and'John Qtin. ' The office' of " Convener" was abolished, in 'consequence of there being no preeent -necessity for such an officer. - The President having upon his re-election assumed the chair amidst much applause, addressed a few 'very appropriate remarks to the meeting; recapitulating the objects and inten tions'of the Society-; the sound moral influence 'an educational and literary institute would 'ex 'ercise upon the Irishmen of the provincg. The 'objects 'contemplated were some of the most praiseworthy imaginable, for in addition to a :school, for imparting tie ' blessing ' of a sound and liberal education, it was intended to ap propriate the second storey of the St. Patrick's Hall -to'the'purposes of a reading room, where the humble 'though industrious mechanic might repair, after a hard day's toil, and refresh himself by devoting a spare hour 'to the perusal of the past events of his "native country-the great achievements and glories 'which she once attained-the records of'wlhich were now almost inaccessible to the.majority of readers. They would have a-real Irish reading room. a thing ;wich'did not exist in the colonies. The Society would. also' place itself in communication willth the several literary institutions, which at present' exist in England and Ireland, but especially in Dublin wliere there were established some of those splendid art unions,'which, by their unrivalled contributions, above all others, were the -sure preservatives of that national feeling which it is the duty of every man to cherish,; and the principal object of the St. Patrick's ;Society to kindle and maintain. There was, already another ='most efficient' association 'formed 'in 'Melbourne, that under the auspices and name'-of the illustrious Father Theobald Mathlew, the Apostle of Temperance ; and any Irishman joining' that and the- Saint Patrick's Society, could not 'fail 'to exalt himself in every point of view, for patriotism 'and temperance were-the greatest boons of mail's existence. After some further observations, the speaker concluded, and was .warmly applauded. The following donations were then announced: The President (2nd donation), 21 2s:; Dr. Martin (ditto), 11. 10s.; Mr. David Barry (ditto), Its. 1s. Mr. Michael Joi'dan (ditto), I1. ; Mr. Wm. Moor (3rd ditto). 13s. 6d. ; Mr. Jeremiah Dallon, 11. Is.; Mr. John King; II. Is.: total, 81. 's. d.- Several sums of monthly subscriptions were paid in ; after. which the' meeting adjourned. T'he St. Patrick's Hall is now so fr, advanced that tenders will be .called-for the roofing at the next meeting of' Com mittee, and there is-every reason: to expect that the building will, be finished and formally opened in a few months.-- Port- Phillip Herald, April ' . SV WoasiNo THE~ RoAnos.--We,'on Tlursday last, witnessed the-working of Mr. James Pye's system of breaking up the road, where intended to be cut. down, withl the .plough. The City Council.' have adopted this system, and it seems to work Well, as a very large amount of labour is thus saved. The. spot' where: the 'plough? is now at work, is on the road- to'Rldfern, at the sideof:lthe burial ground, and although rather heavy 'to work, being a still' clay, yet the labour done is astonishing, 'when com pared with the old system of Working'by hlandl. The ploughljis^ likewise'? very-well adapted to tihe purpose furwlilch it1"h'inrterided, having a strong bar of wood fixel to the foot of the sihare, to thlirow off the earth,-Instead of the usual'solid wing in general use. S; A KNooK-nowne AnoRotsNT, -A day or two back, a inant named George Appleton went 'on to tihe grotind wlhere a" number of'stoiemnsons were at work, and after looking on for a time."expressed Isis opinion lthat none of' them couid work as well as he could.. O riof the men, James Scott, differed with. hilm add donceived that Mr. Appleton's abdominal protuberance, ihe being a comfortable and a-portly i~an, would-prevent him from being a quick work man. Appleton. somewhat irate, remarked that Scott had got the regrlar Roman Cathlolic system of. argument, and that such Popish tricis would notdo "with him. Scott respondedt to this, and Appleton retosted that it was well known to him, as an article in the Roman Catholic creed, that if a Catholic kills a Protestant, the gates of Heaven were opened for him immediately. Upon this, Scott, disdaining all furthler parley, knocked hIis argumentative untago nist down, and awould Ihave proceeded to administer Sfurther cotporeal punishment lhad hlie not been pre vented. The matter came before Police Court yesterday, when the foregoing facts Ihaving been aldticed, Scott, who appeared as defendant, weas finedl five shillings ; and hIis opponent, Appleton, was at the same time severely reprimanded by the Berich for sneering at the defendant's religion. A DRUNKEN CHARGE.—On Thursday evening an old man, named Thomas Keegan, gave one Mary Hart into custody, charging her with stealing from him three shirts, one jacket, a basket containing two bottles of brandy, the property of his master, Mr. Mackenzie, of Macquarie-street. She was brought before the Police Court yesterday, when the old man stated that he had been so drunk on the previous day, that he could not recollect how he had lost the things, and that he had given the woman into custody, because she was the only person in the whole company he recollected having seen. She was discharged. HORSE STEALING.—The two men, John and James Tracey, charged with having purchased, knowing it to be stolen, a horse, the property of Mr. Hall, have been discharged on their own re- cognizances to appear when called on to answer the charge. This course had been adopted in conse quence of the non- attendance of a witness expected from Brisbane Water, named Watkins. The other man named Skewthorpe, of Wludsor, has also been dischargedl. BAREFACED RonoiERY.-On Thursday afternoon last, a man, named James Byrnes, went into a low eating house, in Market-street; kept by one Lang ley, -rind. whilst sitting a?t tibla there, a ,woman named Mary Ann Robinson sat by lsis aide; and shortly afterwards thrust her hafid into his, pocket, and seized |Iold of six one-pound notes that. were tihere. F- eeling her hand, hle seized her by the arm, and requested her to leave. her hold of the oltes, of fering, if.she.would do so; to spend one of the six pounds, she still refused, and managed ' to get ,her hand away with lti notes. He then :went and pro cured a constable, and gave her into custody.. On her being searched nothing was found on, her per son. Shitewas examined at the city Police Court yesterday, and as it appeared that she land had time to make away wilth the' rndlhey whaile Byrnes :was looking for a:constable, sitewas fully committed to' take her trial;for ie offence. brSTa L5o ·ON 0Ba t SH'ze. -2OIn Tiursdaay. even ing, a man, namsed Michael M'Guire, was given "iito; custody llf the police by Mr. LtTff, mate of the barque Kingstosr, lying at Moore's Wharf, on a. charge of stealing 'a monkey-jacket, a pair of trousers, and' half a pound of.tea. " Prisoner was employed work ing on board the vessel. and on.Thursday evening. when goinig ashoroe, he had been noticed with the monkey-jacket on. On stopping him, the trousers were found concealed in his bosom, and half a pound of tea in his pocket. Being accused with theboheft, he endeavoured to escape, and struck one of the seamen, named Walsh,. who wits detaining him. -He was brought before'the City Police Courtycster day morning, but was remanded to the Water Police Court. . CoNsrPlaec.--The old man Jameb Flynn, who some lime back was brought before the Police Court by. Mr. Bollard, on a charge of; perjury, alleged to have been committed before the Criminal Court in a prosecution against him, Bollard, for cattle stealing, was again yesterday brought before the City Police] SCourt, charged, at the instance of Mr. Bollard, with conspiracy. The case has been remanded. MALE OarHAN SoHooL, LivsaPoo,--His Ex cellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint. I-I. G. Alleyne, Esq., to be surgeon to the Male Orphan School at Liverpool. SCuLoaoboasM.--The paragraph. with this title, which apppeared in our last issue, was extracted from the Ilerald of the previous day, but by mis take was not acknowledged. - " . I?NQUvsT.-An. .inquest was held yesterday at. Solomon's Temple, corner of Clarence and Erskine streets, on the body of anman named Peter.Stewart, wholnexpired suddenly at a house.in the latter street on Wednesday evening. By the evidence of Dr. -Tierney, it alipeared that death had been caused by decease in the lungs, and a verdict of death by the visitation of God was returned. LseaL.--The charge of libel against Messrs. Johnson and Pickering, editors of ell's Life in Sydney, preferred by Mr. William Moffitt, was called on yesterday at the Police Court,.wheri Mr. Johnson, who appeared for the defence, applied for a postponement, as one of the parties, Johnson, had met with an accidlent at Windsor, which had pre vented his attendance. Ti'e fact having been proved by a medical certificate, Captain Innes remanded the case to Tuesday next,. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.--A proclamation'appears in the Goveriment Gazette of yesterday. in'whichl his Excellency the Governor has been pleased to ap point the Major-General commanding her Majesty's troops in the colony to ben member of the Legis lative Council, until her Majesty's pleasure shall be, known. P ?TTy S5ss5ons. --Poor PLttt.,i.-His Excel lency' the Governor. has .been pleased to appoint i, Pearson's Station,? ' on ihe main road from Port Phillip to Adelaide, about twenty-five milesr from the boundlary, to be a place for the tholdingof- Courts of Petty Sessions, under the provisions of the Act of the Colonial Legislature, 3 William IV.,No. 3. 