GERALDINE. A TALE of CONSCIENCE. VoL. III. CHAP. X. Another year had now passed, during which Geraldine had coitinued faithful to her duties as a Christian wife in all things, for Father Bernard was not disposed to yield to those feelings which would withdraw her from the ordinary path marked out by Providence, and our Heroine's grateful and affectionate heart was well pleased to be thus con- strained to its former happy bondage, and in her turn felt surprised and uneasy in perceiving that some unusual weight of thought pressed on De Grey's mind. " Who is the disengaged and independent one now ?" said she one evening, when at the end of more than an hour's silence she approached, and took her husband's hand. " I have spoken and you have not answered, I have sung and you have not listened, I have changed the flowers at the window beside you, and you have seen neither me nor them. And I do not love this last silence, for you have often sighed." " Have I," said he, and again sighed. *":Ah, what-is-it P" -asked she, "-have;I grieved you P" : '" Geraldine," said D De-Grey, "whenri I extorted -your promise last yearlto resist -the supernatural .attraction given to you in prayer, I well knew that if it came from God; He would reward you tenfold for your humility and submission, while, on my part, I felt bound to redouble-my -prayers and-other religious acts;that God would be.pleased.to enlighten my mind and strengthen my heart, should I have \--been, guided by-human feeling in this matter: and •'now," added he, -with-emotion, ".I must-farther .pray for grace to resign.yon, my. love, for.you are nout long for this world." t- Did, God reveal this to-you P?" asked Geraldine, -her countenance overspread with joy. " He lhas given me the conviction that we are soon to ?,t,'arand your soul is by far 'the most prepared." .' Oh,no," cried she: " it is Fou who are now 'imaginative, have' you'not been -my guide and-sup iport through my Catholic life, and would you now seelkr?o raise the pupil above her teacher-P -Dear Eustace; I-have saddened your mind, and it turns on -wihat would be your loss, and I dare not think would be~yet my gain." "Then why that radiance over your face -just 'now ?' " You,.took me quite by surprise, and-I thought only of God-; but.indeed I am not fit to approach Hismadorable -sanctity, and I ought to, desire neither ;life- nor death, but accept of either from His hands sin perfect peace. Tell me why you have this im pression that we are soon to part P'" •" .:have been retracing all the circumstances of _your spiritual life," replied .De Grey, " and see with gratitude that it has been rapidly progressive. You are now humble enough for me to recall without paln to you, how lofty and independent a mind you _had, when first you .consented to.the yoke of obe dtience." " .' And' you were a brave man to undertake the task of controlling.that proud qpirit," said Geraldine, smilang. ,. " Oh,'. cried De Grey, also. amiling,"' there was :an-excitement and charm.in it.,'.... " Which;" interrupted she playfully, "you feel almost tempted to:regret." " Ah, Geraldine, you thinktto.cheat me from the -records of, your life, but it.is.now my turn to be full -of serious thought, and you must listen-to me. The r-;(fre eof -mind- which had-enabled you to-con +quer-all opposition in: becoming a Catholic, made it a hard miatter to submit- to thoie Catholic practises Whichl resulted fromif the truths you had -received. 'You had, as, the, only child of an indulgent and admiring fatlier, been the queen of your little World, and, although ' you were willing to extend to me-the crowni-matrimonial, when itcame to the yielding the .s~eptre, there-was -a strqggle of the natural heart. 'You 'loved to relinquish your will to me as a boon, but not as my right ; and.now, sweet Geraldine, you can. listen to all this without -upbraiding or tears, without even a-reply, therefore I may continue my tibmments on your spiritual history. You did pot, lt one timlie, suiliciritly feel the necessity of a.pure intention' in thet benevolent actions you performed. The, eagerness with which you sought success in every undertaking; and your emotion - under any failure, proved that; you haid the double motive of .glorifying both-Almighty God and Lady de Grey. .The true spirit of the hidden life was unknown -to you; and'that keen susceptibility to praise or bhune which Catholics consider -reprehensible, you had cherished as a virtuous refinement. A friend might .misunderstand and misjudge you; I might appear .independent'and -forgetful:of you in my pursuits, and your wounded' feelings must be soothed, and your self-love appeased. [Now, has the hidden life become so dear to you, the pure -motive of seeking . God alone become so Ilrecious to you, you have 'learnedlso truly to bless him in failure as in success, you $re so detacelid f(om self, that the nrxt step, detachment from creatures, is already prepared, andl "-he dove' will By to Heaven, never amos to return." S' iuuttace," said Geraldine," If you rest your forebodings of our parting from your too paitial view of my progress towards sanctity, you need fear nothing, for the detachment of which you speak does not prevent my heart from bounding at your loved praise." " I do not regret," continued De Grey, " having acted as I did when first you made known to me the secret of your solitary hours. We both know that Lhe test of these favours in prayer are humility, simplicity, and peace; the mortification of our will and natural inclinations; and, above all, constant charity. -A. year. has passed'since you sacrificed, from obedience,. your. sensible delight in prayer, confining yourself to humble petitions for divine guidance, and I have watched you more closely than .ever. • Heficeforthl I release you I Letyour thoughts soar aloft amongst the spirits of your future home. God forbid that I, who may hitherto have' been favoured to assist, should now retard,-your progress towards Him."' Geraldine still held her husband's hand in silence, his presentiment of their approaching parting al though apparently superstitious had partly gained its influence over her mind, yet she could not realize the idea of her death. After a long pause she said : "' The belief that I am soon to die would be far better f?or- my soul, than- to remain incredulous to your prognostics, for although I endeavour, through the grace of God, to spend each day as though it were tot be my last, yet I should desire to make a more immediate preparation for the mighty change, if 'indeed it be near." Geraldine again paused in deep thought. " I do not think, Eustace," added- shle at length," that you have ever much dreaded pur gatory P" " No;' replied De Grey," I have not; for in the first place we shall -have there the certainty of salva tion, which, in itself, must outweigh all the pain endured. We shall, at the same time be free from all temptation, for the devil has there no power, and we shall be surrounded by none but holy souls, whose every feeling and desire will tend like our own to God." " Yes:' said Geraldine, " they are termed by the Church ! holy souls, because.they - can no longer sin. They, are constantly suffering, yet without murmuring, or impatience, or even reluctance, although hope deferred afflicteth the soul, and their intense longing after God must be far beyond any .thing-we-can feel in this life; for being there freed from all earthly affections, and filled with gratitude for the immense and unmerited boon of salvation, they must burn in the purifying flames of love, un known before. Do you notthink," added she," that it is this painful desire of the soul to.possess God, which has even caused the physical death of some saints P for some spiritual writers describe the soul, when in a religious transport, to be in pain, violent pain, from a sense of its detention from God." ":I think you are considering the fire of pur gatory in too ethereal a sense;" said De Grey, " If .you make the souls there, to be in a transport, which has ever been esteemed a high favour from -God." " But like-you;" said Geraldine, "I consider pur gatory far superior to earth, and that a soul raised 'in a religious transport, is like the souls there de ,tained, -because she is freed from the material part, and raised to the wholly spiritual." S" Yes;' said .De Grey, " but the soul detained in the flesh, is so by the-laws of nature, it is God's will that the soul should be clothed with theflesh ; and that his holy will should be unresistingly fulfilled in us, is the only simple, yet- comprehensive desire of -the christian. It =is not his will, however, that the -soul should become tarnished by sin, and therefore the .Aame of purgatory, which you would make to -consist solely -in the pain -of detention from God, must surely be -rendered more intense, by the con viction that our own corrupt will has been the .cause." " As it is not positively-defined by-the Church," continued De'Grey," that the element of fire is the instrument of purgation in the middle state, we are at liberty to suppose that these-flames are spiritual; still, it is the general supposition of the fathers, that the fire of purgatory is the same in quality as that of hell, differing only in duration and intensity. Saint Augustine even concludes, that the pains ex 'ceed all that the mind of man can-conceive. -":It is-very well;', said- Geraldine," that the bulk of mankind, supported by such high authority, should take this view. of the subject, which must .produce by far the most lively terror to the vulgar mind. ,How in fact could a hardened sinner, who 'had never loved -God, conceive any great torment, merely .from the.full sense of having offended, and of 'being deprived of him P Still as the Church permits -me to do so, ;I believe that to a spiritual. essence, -there-can only be spiritual torment." "1I incline to this belief," said ,De Grey, "and that the torments of the damned cannot be material, till after the resurrection of their bodies, and the .general judgment." .[Still we must be cautious of saying what can or-cannot be on this awful subject, for all things arepossible to God.] " But now let us walk," said he, starting up-; "will you come to the abbey P" SThe Abbey P" said 'Geraldine,-smiling,-" when -we were both at holy communion this morning." '.[ did not say that-.I was going. Into the confes sional, when there," replied De Grey,-returning. her smile. \- Ah ! but I know you are going-to takeghostly counsel, and I pray, that our good-father may send away all your forebodings, and all your sighs, my ovwh Eustace, and while you are with him, I[ will search along the bank of the river, for the wild plant.you told me of.". S" Tley-accordingly started on their evening walk, and Geraldine stole a frequent glance, to see whether her husband's countenance was losing its sadness. She was-comforted to see it only thoughtful as they parted, and having fixed thie extent to which she might wander;, while expecting his return, she went with her basket and trowel in quest of this plant, of which De-Grey-had often spoken, as more beautiful than any they' had yet found to adorn their last work, which was this: amongst theim classical and religious figures which General Carrington had sent home from -taly, was acopy, in marble, of the beau. tiful kneeling lMagdalen, by Canova; and Geraldine having ascertained that De Grey had isofa~ourite project respecting the figure, besought him to admire her plan for the penitent. In a part of the grounds, termed the wilderness, was a natural cave, which at one time had been destined for an ice house, but neglected in favour of an excavation in a cooler spot. This cave Geraldine proposed to render a fit habitation for the Magdalen, and on De Grey's willing co-operation, the workmen cleared and planted as the higher powers directed, and Geraldine took for her branch of the labour, the transplanting, from other parts of the wilderness, every species of wild flower, to ornament the abode of the penitent ; while De Grey planned and achieved the turning the course of a small rivulet, which now flowed, with every semblance of nature's sportive will, amidst the stones, and moss, and wild flowers, around the cave. A new plant from the river or Abbey hill was a prize, and Geraldine, on this evening, wandered for some time on the river banks, hoping to discover the crimson flower of which De Grey had spoken ; but not seeing any of a different species from those already transplanted, she seated herself within view of the Abbey, and was soon immersed in deep thought. Some of her husband's expressions, with the look which accompanied them, remained especially in her mind. " Henceforth I release you ! Let your thoughts soar aloft among the spirits. of your fu ture home.- God forbid tliat I, who have hitherto been favoured to assist, should now retard you." " You have assisted me, dear Eustace." thought she, " and shall I ever own to myself that I can learn no more P Ah I far from me this'presump tion. It is not you who retard me, it is my own weak heart," and a rush of tender emotions swelled that heart, and overflowed her eyes, not unmingled with self-upbraiding, that she could have lived so much apart in thought from him during the last few months. " I knew not that he missed me:' thought she; " I knew not that I had become so detached from every creature, the best, the nearest, dearest, till I found even his presence at times an interrup tion. I heard his footstep, and I fled--his voice, and I replied not. Ah, if it be indeed that I am beckoned onward by an Almighty hand, and hear the tones of an Almighty voice, the divine spouse will comfort the earthly one, even should the parting be by my death. Death ! repeated sshe,-my death I or his ? What is this foreboding, this snell which is sounding in my heart. Is it the delusion of an overwrought imagination in us both, or is it a warning from our good angels ? I know not, but our God, who knows, will teach and guide me." Nearly an hour thus passed in solitude and prayer, and when at length aroused by approaching foot steps. Geraldine beheld Mr. Bernard. unaccompanied by De Grey. " Is it prudent:' said he, " at this time of the evening, and by the river side, to be seated P" , Where is he P" cried Geraldine. starting up in -terror. . " Sir Eustace;' said Mr. Bernard, "has charged me to conduct you homeward, on this side of the river, and promises to meet us at the bridge." " Where is he ." repeated Geraldine, and her heart beat violently. " He has started for the opposite bank, in search -of some .wild plant, which he remembers to have seen only on that side-there! is that heP Yes! Look along the upper path-there he is ! and lie sees you, and waves his hand !" Geraldine saw and returned the signal, and then moved homeward by the side of Mr. Bernard, her steps faltering, and the palpitation of her heart in creasing." " You are ill, Lady De Grey," said Mr. Bernard,. "-you have lingered too long alone by the water side. The sight of your indisposition will grieve Sir Eustace, and make him as thougtful as when lie -called at the Abbey. He looked quite cheerful when he ran off to the ferry, and promised that in spite of the longer route,-he would get the start of us." " Let us walk faster," said Geraldine, hastening her pace. "-I will do whatever you wish,"' said lihe; and after a few minutes quicker walking the bridge appeared in sight. " Mr. Bernard," said Geraldine, " did you intend to prolong your walk to the hall with uis P" " I have a sick call." said lie, " and after I shall have seen you safely with Sir Eustace, I must hasten on, for my penitent is at some distance, and near his end." " -I think"' said she, " that you will remain with us." 1 -I hope," said Mr. Bernard, smiling, " that you would like me to be wherever my duty lies." " It will be with us," said Geraldine,and was then silent until they reached the appointed spot; wlhen, in reply to some observation of Mr. Bernard's, " I did not expect to see him here," said she. " How fine the river looks to-night," said Mr. Bernard. Geraldine shuddered as she gazed on its clear and rippled surface, then suddenly clasping her hands, exclaimed, " Why loiter we here P you did not understand each other about the bridge, this is not the one he means." And she ran with a speed which Mr. Bernard could scarcely equal, across a meadow which was-formed in the bend of the river, and by which they arrived within a few paces of a rustic bridge long in disuse, except by the inmates of a mill near to it. Mr. Bernard. as -he followed Geraldine, felt for the -first time that the presentiment of evil, which filled her mind, was founded in some truth, as he had been cautioned not to trust to the bridge. by the peasant who had called him to the sick man. To Mr. Bernard's joy, however, just as he overtook our heroine, they both descried the object of their solici tude descending rapidly the copsewood hill, which overhung the river, his handkerchief filled with the roots of the crimson-fowering plant; and Mr. Bernard had time to shout " Do not trust the bridge it is broken. Go back to the other." 'De Grey having only caught the principal words, without the intermediate ones, which gave thie true meaning, shouted in return, that his promises were not broken, and that they were quite to be trusted, and-flourishing his price over his head, hie sprang from the high bank on the frail bridge. Geraldine neither sareamed nor spoke. The crash of tihe bridge under the impetus given to dithe weight of De Grey, had sounded in hier brain before it fell on the outward ear. Shie saw him fall through the beans, and strike against the abutment of the arch; for an instant he sank in the water, but rising again, supported himself, by holding with one hand part of the bridge which remained firm, until hie had untied his neckclothl, and thlen struck boldly for the shore. De Grey was an excellent swimmer, and when Mr. Bernard saw the vigorous stroke he made towards them, he exclaimed to Geral dine, " God be praised, all is well." The distance from the opposite bank would have been tiling, had De Grey returned hither, but he turned to his wife and friend, and soon narrowed the space between himself and them, till suddenly he stopped, raised his hand in signal for assistance, and was lost to their sight. In four minutes from that time, the boat withtwo men from the mill was on the spot where De Grey had sunk,and Mr. Bernard, who had succeeded in arriving' there byswlmming, in time to grasp and keep afloat the lifeless form at its third and last eiffort to the surfice of the water, was unable through exhaustion to do more than enter the boat, after it had received Ihis friend, and was conveyed thence by the men and laid on the bank beside him. Geraldine, who had flown to the mill for assistance the same instant in which Mr. Bernard had plunged into thie river, and had watched every movement from the bank, now knelt between the two apparently lifeless bodies. That De Grey must die, sie had felt convinced during the last two hours, in which from thle struggle of her poor Iheart,and the violent action of her brain, which was a furnace of thought, she had seemed to live years. She now thought only of securing to that beloved and Iprecious soul every spiritual aid, during the short time it might linger in its earthly tabernacle, and her agitation and grief were inexpressibly heightened by the state into which the priest had been thrown, by his generous devo tion to his friend. One of the men had run back to the mill for a plank on which to place De Grey, and just as he again returned to them, Geraldine saw with fervent thanksgiving, that the restorative given by the other man to Mr. Bernard was taking effect. He raised himself on one arm, and turned to gaze on his friend, whom they were now placing on the board. " He is dead, poor gentleman;' said one of the men, abruptly, " not by drowning, but by the blow;" and he pointed .to the temple in which a deep in denture had been made. ",Hew he swam at all is a marvel." " Ah, no," 'cried Geraldine, " he is not dead, he is only stunned and exhausted l" and as shie spoke, a gush of warm and living blood flowed from the mouth of De Grey. " Yes, by that token he lives. for the blood of the dead is stagnant." They now bore him speedily, yet gently forward. Geraldine supporting one arm, while Mr. Bernard, by great effort, kept pace with them, holding up the the other. At the mill Geraldine found, with thank fulness, an active, .kind-hearted woman, and a boy, who was immediately sent off for either of the me dical men in Elverton. A blazing fire was soon made, and every thing done to restore warmth and breath to the body; but if the flowing of the blood had give proofs of life, it seemed to have been the harbinger of its extinction, for the hitherto placid features were now taking the rigid form of death. " Can you then anoint him in this uncertainty P" said Geraldine, seeing Mr. Bernard draw from his breast pocket the little case of holy oils prepared for the sick call. "*[can," he replied; apd the solemn rite was administered; one of the men who was a Catholic, kneeling beside our heroine, and joining her in the responses to the litany for the dying, which then followed. Geraldine's heart had swelled with grati tude, when re-assured of the validity of this last sacrament- this " consummation of penance," in which the very root of evil is destroyed-although the dear object was insensible to the inestimable benefit bestowed, and a few scalding drops gathered in her hitherto tearless eyes, as site listenedl to the priestly dismissal:--" Depart Christian soul out of this world, in the nameof God the Father Almighty, who created thee; in the name of Jesus Christ Son of the living God, who suffered for thee; in the name of the Holy Ghost, who sanctified thiee; in the name of the angels, archangels, thrones, and dominations, cherubim and seraphim; in the name of the patriarchs and prophets, of the holy apostles and evangelists ; of the holy martyrs and confessors, of the holy monks and hermits, of the holy virgins ; and of all the saints of God: let thyiplace be this day in peace, and thy abode in holy Sion. tirough Christ our Lord. Amen."........" I recommend thee, dear brother, to Almighty God, and leave thee to his mercy whose creature thoa art ; that having paid the common debt by surrendering thy soul, thou mayest return to thy Maser, who formed thee out of the earth. May all tile ministers of Ilel be filled with confusion and shame, and let no evil spirit dare to stop thee on thy way. Christ Jesus be thy de liverer, who was crucified for thee. Christ Jesus, Son of the living God, place thee in his garden of paradise, and may he, the true Shepherd, own thee for one of his flock : may he absolve thee from all thy sins, and place thee at his right hand in the inheritance of his elect. We pray it may be thy happy lot to behold thy Redeemer face to face, to be ever in his presence, and in the vision of that truth which is the joy of the blessed. And thus placed among those happy spirits, mayest thou be ever filled with heavenly sweetness. Amen." Before the prayers were ended, the principal surgeon in Elverton arrived. He cast one look at De Grey, shook his hlead. and then turning to the priest, whispered his- rapid questions. Geraldine drew a little back while the surgeon examined whether life were extinct, but in a few instants, ad vancing, she gently l emoved his hand, and bending over her husband, held up her finger in token of silence. Mr. Thompson replaced his hand, however, for an instant, then removing it, said softly, " 11 is over;" and Mr. Bernard uttered with deep emo tion,-" To thee, Lord, we recommend the soul of thy servant Eustace, that being dead to this world, he may live to thee : and whatever sins ihe has com mitted through human frailty, we beseech thee in thiy goodness mercifully to pardon, through Christ our Lord. Amen." .. "Grant, O God, that while we here lament tile departure of thy servant, we may ever remember that we are most certainly to follow him. Give us grace to prepare for that last hour by a good life, that we may not be surprised by sudden death, but be ever watching when thou shalt call, that so witll'the Spouse we may enter into eternal glory, througlh Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." SAs Mr. Bernard finished these prayers, both he and the suigeon endeavoured to lead Geraldine away from the mortal remains of hlier husband, but she calmly told them that tile last sad duties belonged to her, and that she would devolve them on no one; and acquainting Mr. Thompson with the risk Mr. Bernard had incurred, bade him take charge of the living. This, Mr. Thompson did most effectually, by kindly undertaking to drive directly to the cot rage, whither tihe priest was bound, having recom mended the latter to accept the offer made him by tile miller of a bed in the cottage. Geraldine begged Mr. Thompson to convey the sad intelligence to tihe Hall ; but with strict orders from herself,for no one to come to her until the morning, except Mr. Hilton, whom she wouild wish to see directly. Withll the miller's wife for her assistant, Geraldine then devoted hier whole thoulghts to thie dear departed, and the kind woman consented to her wishl, that as tihe corpse was to remain there only dluring the night, it should not be removed to any other room. Within an hour the steward arrived, and Geraldine arranged with hlim for-the early removal, oa tihe following morning, of the body of De Grey to the Halail. Tile miller's wife having agreed to sit up with Geraldine, Mr. Hilton went immediately into tile town, to ex pedite his melancholy commission, and Mr. Bernard remained with our heroine in the chlamber of death. "" Tell me.' said Geraldine, in a low voice, " is the presence of God more immediately on tahe spot whlen the soul quits tile body; or is it, that the im pediment of the flesh being then removed, the soul enters into thie omnipreseace of the Deity P" *' Thle latter is correct," said Mr, Bernard; " God is everywhleree." " In one mnoment,"' continued Geraldine, " has the soul of my Eustace entered into tihe beatific vision, has been judged, and then, perhaps, parted from tihe God, he, for the first time, could fully know and love. Alas! alas i where art thou, precious soul P" " Be comforted ;-nay, more, lift up your heart in thankfuliecss," said Mr. Burnard; "sudden as was the summors s ta ttile judgment-scat, it fomnd the soul prepared; and, although I could not with au thority pronouncs bhit'it has entered into the eternal blessedness of the just made perfect, I feel that'ishm t, if any, wllhbe the period of detention from the God who reignedl paramount in his faithful heart." '' I was conscious," said Geraldine, " of the mo ment in which his soul entered on eternity. I knew that. although my dull mortal ears could not hear it, yet the sentence was then passed for endless joy or woe, on the best, the dearest of friends, and my heart cried for him, ' mercy, mercy !' for on that alone can man rely. I am comforted," added she, " by your assurance of his acceptance; not that I feared for him the condemnation of the wilful sinner. Yet never did the unattainable sanctity and purity of God appear so clearly to my mind--never have I fell, 'with such trembling awe, that nothing defiled can enter heaven. Blessed to me now is the. remembrance of my husband's fidelity to all the means of grace afolrded him by the Church : his constant and loving surrender of himself to the will of God in all things ; his desire to finite lis sufferings, whether of mind or body, to those of his blessed Redeemer; his sincere 'and deep humility. Al ! when we know that by thus faiithfully respond. Ing to the grace freely given us, we can claim the sure promises of God, and that by patience in suf fering, labours of love, austerities, and mortifica tions, we can anticipate our purgatory,'and in death fly Instantly to our God, what can seem difficult or painful to us P" On the following morning the body of De Grey was borne to the Hall, there to await the time for interment in the vault of the abbey. During the visits made to-De Grey's paternal in heritance, our heroine had become acquainted with a lady in that immediate neighbourhood, whose pious and benevolent life, literarysand elegant tastes. and the high esteem in which she was held by Mr. Bernard, had so insured the friendship and confi dence of Geraldine and her husbndd, that during the last two years, Isabel Lester, who had little expected to revive thus the ardent attachments of earlier life, became a constant visitor at the Most or Hall. To this congenial friend did our heroine now turn, and a confidential messenger was despatched to her, and also to De Grey's venerable relative at Burinleigli. The widowed Geraldine, much exhausted in mind and body, continued through that day in a state of almost stupor, but in the evening was roused by the presence of Lady Winefride, and as she looked in her aged countenance, which quivered with emotion. and remembered the all but maternal tie which had bound her heart with that of her nephew,she forgot her own still greater loss, and strove to be the com forter. " I have prayed for greater strength than I seem now to possess," said Lady Winefride," for I came not to weep, but to receive and soothe your tears, my poor child. " I cannot weep," said Geraldine." I am stunned, and feel nothing." Yet, as Lady Winefride drew her by degrees to speak, not of the horrors of yes terday's scene, but of the qualities and piety of De Grey, and of the general loss sustained, shli began to lose the wild melancholy of her air and counte nance, and to evince something of the natural grief which her tender friends desired to see. While they were sitting togetiler, a tap was given at the door, and Jane Saunders, who was in the room, unswering the sumnions, a whispered debate took place, whether or not to show something to " my lady." " What is it, Jane," said Lady Wmefride. " The head man at the mill has sent this for my lady," replied Jane; " but it is odd to be insisting on her seeing such things as flowers at this time of her affliction." Lady Wnefride, however, took from the footman's hand a China flower-pot, in which grew several wild plants: their flowers, which were of a rich crimson, being tied to,and clustering round a panted stick. The delicate care and sympathy which this evinced, from persons of a class not in general prone to the sensibilities of grief, was felt by the grateful heart of Geraldine, for well she recognised these flowers. Shie bent over them, and the spring was touched which opened the flood-gates of her sorrow. " I did not remark till this moment what the flower was," said Jane to Lady Winefride; " but it is all in keeping with my lady's grief, it is the flower of ' Love lies bleeding' " " Jane," said our heroine at length, " there was a handkerchief-" " There was, my lady-; it has been returned. It was one of those marked with your hair." ". Take it," said Geraldine, " and bid the miller and his wife keep it in remembrance of the virtues of the dead, and of the gratitude of the living. Dear aunt," added she, " shall I conduct you now to the room where our Eustace lies P" Lady Winefride had only waited till the proposal should come from Geraldine, and they now together visited the chamber of death, and gased on the countenance where the parting soul had left the impress of its acceptance with God. After some time spent in prayer, they withdrew, to allow free entrance to the train of devout poor, who had, as if by general impulse, dflocked to pray around the body of De Grey; and as these, for the sake of order were admitted in small numbers at a time, it was not until a late hour that the last were dismissed, and the household resumed their watchlings, two at a time, being relieved each hour. Geraldine had consented to retire to rest, but she had fixed on her own hour to watch with her faithful Isabel, without the knowledge of Lady Winefride, who might either have opposed it or have offered to be with her, which she did not wish, and she laid her injunctions upon Isabel, that she should remain in the adjoining room until she should be summoned. At the hour of midnight Geraldine returned to the chamber of death bearing a case, which contained the corres- pondence between herself and De Grey during their short engagement, and the few intervals of separation which had occurred during their four years' union. Across the case she had thrown her long hair, which she had just cut off, and she now laid both the letters and hair beside him in the coffin, saying, ** My God, I desire from this moment to consecrate my whole being to thee, and that hence- forth this dear being may live in my heart only as he is absorbed in thee, to whom it is due. Thou hast taught me the weakness of this heart, and therefore I rely not on the strength of my own, but wholly on thy powerful grace, which has hitherto so won- derfully supported me." Geraldine well knew that these letters would become tenfold mrre precious when the hand that wrote, and the heart and head that dictated them, were mouldering in the tomb, and she therefore made the sacrifice while it was comparatively slight. She arose from her knecs, and bent over the coffin, and a slight shudder ran through her frame, as she per- ceived a change to have taken place. She looked more intently on the countenance, which a few hours since had preserved its noble outline and heavenly expression, and saw that the full eyelid had sunk, and the marble whiteness of the skin was discolored. On the wounded temple especially, corruption had begun its work; and a rush of tender remembrances and the full sense of her bcreavement, mingled with pity and remorse, overcame hlier as sheclooked,on the tterd whie in the lrrevious elevation of her thoughts, she had retounced, Slih placed her hand on De Grey's changed tnd clustering locks. and the strong and natural wish, wlich she had hitherto denied herself, of keeping one of them, returned with such force that, drawing forth her scissors, she prepared to select a curl, w hen a sudden mysterious terror, unknown before, made her recoil. Deeply impressed with awe at this token, as it seemed that her attempt was displeasing to the departed, spirit, tt was some minutes before she could :rason herself into the contrary belief ; but having at length done so, she again leaned over the corpse, when the same mysterious terror returned with such force, that, shrinking back, sle sought with faultering.steps, the door, and ere she could open it, sank insensible on the floor. When Geraldine recovered, she found ..herself lying on her bed, with Lady Winefride and Isabel on each side of her. The former gently reproached her, for undertaking what was beyond her strength, and then tried to banish tlhe painful subject.: But our heroine fearing lest this weakness on herpart might produce a had effect on Isabel, informed them both of the real c:.use of her faintiing-._dlngr," I have been led by thigrace of Ge '.srj for the rest of my days, to be' `wiholly codti;ecgfrl to. him. He has given me strenigtl under ;ia ahiaflition, which has seemed to me a tukenrt that he accepts my desire. In resigning my first and !dearest earthly atlections, 1 have wished to make of them.a perfect holocaurst, and for this end 1 tletermined?rto resign, with tlhe loved lbject, everything that should render tihe sacrifice imperfect. So long as I was faithful to this feeling, I was so raised in.spirit to that ,f thie dear departed. as scarcely to dwell on the ,mortal remains. I have spent , hours alone in tl!at room by night as by day, and never till, relapsed into fond regret did I experience any nwfutlfear. G(od then rebuked me. as it were, by the same;hIo. vering spri it, before whilch my own tremtnbled and was lost." The day on which the remains of Eustace de Grey were borne to the vault beneath tlh chapel; of the Abbey, a multitude of all classes and of all denonti nations of Christians, joined tile Catholics.of .El verton, being desirous, not only to show their.res pect for the dead, but their sympathy likewisefor the living. Several private friends had arrived also.at the Hall, and Geraldine consented to see them, and to listen to them, and to do all that was required .of her ; for the strength so wonderfully given her con tinued, and she felt assured would continue,.so long as it should be required for the fulfilment of any duty. Her uncle Edmund attended the funeral, and the \\\:arden received her on her return:from her sad office of chief mourner, with his warmest tone and look of approbation, at the self-controul andl coutrage sle evinced. 'This courage, hte trusted, would continue, for it was unaccompanied by hurry or excitement, ant appeared to result from the calm surrender of her hiappinetss into the hands of, God. After the departure of her uncle.and Mr. Everard, who with the faitlhful steward, had conveyed a handsome reward to tite in mate of the mill, and had relieved her of all painful business, except thie one letter to General Carrington, Geraldine had still'the comfort of Lady W'inefride's, and of Isabel's con genial society, but she did not require this con stantly, and would unconsciously renain for hours in thought, or occupied by tile perusal of some deep works of mystical divinity, which ,Mr. Bernard for tihe first time placed in her hands. That Geraldine intended, or ratlher hoped, to enter the religious life, was Isabel's firm persuasion. but Lady Winefride doubted whether such were the will of God ; and while these two attached friends discoursed together, on the subject of their solicitude, a change was taking place in her state of feeling, as painful as it was mysterious. (To be continued.) 