GERALDINE. A TAL OP -CONaorsNOB. Vo.. III. CHAP. IV. 'iTa convert to Catholicity is asked, in sincere grief ,andt astonishment, how any mind of real spiritu ility can adopt a religion so burdened with empty forms as the Catholic Church P But are' those ,forms indeed empty P If so, no rational being :would 'be burdened with them ! Once, however, 'believing firmly that in each outward form is con tained the inward spiritual gift, and there can beno -torpor, no impatience felt in the eternal proofs of -devotion and love rendered to her God by the fer vent Catholic. Once believing truly in the sanctity -of holy places, and that the divine blessing and the -unseen ministry of the heavehly host do more espe cially attend the temples of the Deity, it is then no -empty form which leads the Catholic to a daily attendance in the house of prayer. Once in the full confidence of faith, believing that in the "daily sacrifice" offered up in commemoration of that once perfected on the cross, and in perpetual acknow kledgment that without this our high priest, without ,this our holy victim, we are cast out, and our God is a consuming fire. Once believing that in this mystery our adorable Redeemer is miraculously .present with us, and where, then, is the " empty form," to the pious Catholic, in the sacred service ,of the mass;? These had been our heroine's replies to the vener able 'Mrs. Leonard, whose' concern at her having e?mbraced a religion apparently less vital, pure, and -interior than Protestantism, had led her to remon 'strate against the change, and endeavour to re •claim -her. S'.This very temple-this basilic of St. Peter," -said Mrs. Leonard, " was it not for its erection that Leo X. authorised the selling of indulgences, and .aroused the ',nighty Luther? How can you feel ardour and devotion within its walls P" " I do feel most truly and painfully in connexion -with that subject," replied .Geraldine ; " for, alas into what holy work has the enemy of souls not en deavoured to thrust himself, that he might mar the pureoffering of man to his Creator P But I must, my dear friend, correct an error which you, in common with many charitable and pious Protestants, -entertain, relying upon :Protestant history, appa -rently trustworthy. The practice of commuting the -canonical penances enjoined by the primitive Church, :for alms-deeds, had long prevailed. Ieo the Tenth granted an indulgence which, -you know, is not a pardon for sins, no more than it is a prospective permission to commit sin, to such as contributed to the erecting of the most magnificent 'temple ever 'raised to the honour of the 'Deity. That there were great and manifold corruptions in the lives of the -clergy, and probably in the discipline of the Church, I readily admit, and, that a consequent falling offof piety prevailed among the laity, is proved, by their rapacity in seizing on Church property, and their readiness to embrace systems of faith, which showed a" path to Heaven, less beset with restraint and self denial. -I would even admit, although no proof ex ists ofthle fact, that the commissioners employed to -dispense the indulgences, misrepresented their de -sign and effect, for the sake of profit or influence, thus throwing disgrace on the seat of verity and apostolic descent, by selling, as it were, the spiritual gifts of the Church. And let us grant that it was thus-let us concede that the warning of God's an cient people, the Jews, might have been applied to :ttie rulers of His Christian Church, ' Your iniquities 'have separated between you and your God, and your sins have hid His face from you, that hlie will not 'hear. We cannot then wonder that, when corrup tion thus prevailed in the Church, reformers should arise to attack those abuses, and in this I find them 'fully justified ; would that here they had stopped ! but, from the abuses, they proceeded to attack the faith of the Church, in which they were not justified. They sacrilegiously put their hand to tile ark ; and thus it was that, as in the revolt against the wilful Rehoboam, a second Jeroboam was permitted to arise and call aloud, " To your tents, O Israel !' and following this analogy, we cannot but percieve, first, in the instance of rebellion against the kingly power, that, although 'God permitted this scourge and punishment to befall the anointed king of Judabh yet His spirit accompanied not the ten tribes who revolted; the Lord of glory was not born amongst them. They are still scattered and hidden, till the day of grace shall gather them in. While, to the two faithful tribes who remained sted fast, were sent the prophets : amongst them the miracles were wrought; and, at length was heard, ' Arise ! shine, for thy light is come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee I' Thus may wecon sider God to have permitted a deserved rebuke and humiliation to His Catholic Church, in the bereave ment of the northern nations; the estrangement, contimpt, and even hatred, of the ' tribes' who have revolted against her. Yet has her Divine spouse not deserted her: with her alone remains the mystery of His real presence: with iher alone are His miracles wrought; and to her alone can be applied, ' Behold, I will make thy enemies to come and adore before thy feet, and they shall know that I have loved thee.' " The next explanatory conversation with Mrs. Leonard, was on the subject of tile aide chapels and altars within the great foreign churches; " which," ssid she," I cannot but consider to derogate from tliere:spect due to the High Altar dedicated to God, while these little altars are dedicated only to saints ; and it is' quite distresslng, that entering these churches when you will, you find some one of these iitt le chapels filled with worshippers, while it is only on'.rare and great occas!ons that God himself is adored at tlhe high altar." As thle Abate Zaccaria was present, Geraldino turned to him to removie this diffticulfy', aId' he smilingly complied, assutring tile Vesnierable lady, that these side chalpels and altars are as much dedicated to Almighty God alone, as is the high altar, which, equally with them, is placed under the invocation of some saint, that with united sf frages we may implore the intercession of this favoured servant of God. The high altar is always under the protection of the saint whose name distin guishes the church. Thatof St..Peter's. for instance, is under. the special invocation of that Apostle; and, my dear Madam, if you have conquered thedifficulty you once felt respecting the so-called dedication of churches to saints, why object to these chapels, oratories, and altars P for I repeat with St. Augus tine, ' We do not erect altars to sacrafice on them to the martyrs, but to the God of the martyrs, and one only God.' " During the early part of Lent, Geraldine had been occupied in gleaning from works lent her by the Rev. Dr. Wharton, and the Abate Zaccaria, all that could throw light and interest on the approaching solemn commemoration, and she was therefore now `still better enabled to understand and appreciate those attendant ceremonies, which, to the superficial observer, must be tedious, and to the prejudiced Protestant, mere empty form and idle show. On the eve of the fifth Sunday in Lent, which is .the fortnight before Easter, commenced the com memorative history, or mystical representation of our blessed Redeemer's sufferings. The ornaments in all the churches were either covered or removed, and the crosses veiled with the mournful and peni tential covering of violet. In early times the cate chumens who had been found worthy were baptized on tihe eve of Easter, and admitted, on the glorious day of the resurrection, to the adorable sacrament of the risen body, soul, and divinity of Christ. Those also who had been excluded from the blessings of the altar, and compelled to do public penance for , public crimes,-the rest of the faithful likewise, who by fasting, prayer, and alms, had sought reconcilia tion through the sufferings and death of Christ, and expected to be joyful partakers of his resurrection, by the channels of grace he has appointed,-all felt the increased solemnity of the near approach of the awful commemorations. This first day of Passion week, which is the week preceding Holy week, and not, as in the Protestant Church, synonimous with it, General Carrington accompanied his daughter to the early mass, as well as that he had always attended with her. And this additional devotion he continued during the interval between Passion week and Easter. On Palm Sun day, he accepted, for his daughter and himself, the previlege obtained through' Cardinal W- , by which they could see and hear, in a tribune near the high altar of St.. Peter's, and also in the Sistine, or Pope's Chapel, all the ceremonies of the holy week. " You are aware, Geraldine;'," said the General, on an early hour on Palm Sunday, ' that his Holi ness is the representative of Christ, as Prophet, Priest, and King, and that while as a temporal prince, he has a court, as a head of the Church, his .court is composed of priests. This is peculiar to Christian Rome. Such a thing was unknown be fore on earth." * It is," said the Abate Zaccaria, who accom panied thenr, " more in the order of heaven than earth, that a court should be filled by men conse crated to God. Every thing that Madamizella will see, will be with reference to the union of priest and sovereign." " I think," said the General, " that you have one exception to the levee-room of priests. The Pope's lawyer must be of the laity." " Yes," said the Abate, " but hlie sanctifies his secular business by the heavenly attributes of mercy, for he and all the papal lawyers furnish gratuitous service for the poor, the prisoners, and those under capital conviction." They had now arrived at the chapel, where Ge raldine felt most grateful that she wasinot to re main in the crowd of the merely curious English, who, with many jokes, were pushing towards the places allotted to them; but was soon quietly seated in the reserved tribune, with the Contessa and her father, and engaged in reading over in the missal, the beautiful service which was to commence within an hour. The object of the ceremony was to commemo rate our Lord's triumphal entry into Jerusalem, when the multitude received him with palm branches, emblematical of victory, and with olive branches, the type of peace; and a pile of these were on the gospel side of the altar, to be blessed before being distributed, according to the undeviating practice of the Church, to " sanctify by the word of God, and by prayer," everything that her children use in the service of their God. This custom of blessing and distributing the palms, and of forming a procession on Palm Sunday, is of very ancient observance; and was first celebrated in the East, on the same ;principle which Almighty God himself taught to the Hebrew people on the commemoration of their deliverance from Egypt: " And when thy son shall ask thee to-morrow, saying, what mean these tes timonies, and ceremonies, and judgments, which the Lord hatth commanded us P then shalt thou say to him: We were bondsmen of Pharaoh in Egypt, and the Lord God brought us out of Egypt with a strong; hand, and he wrought signs and wonders. great and very grievous in Egypt, against Pharaoh, and all Iis house in our sight; and he brought us from thence that he might bring us in, and gave us the land concerning which he swore to our fathers; and the Lord commanded that we should do all these ordinances, and should fear the Lord our God." On-this principle were all the othler com memorative festivals, and solemnities of the.Jewish Church; and, therefore, on the same principle has the Christian Church, by virtue of the power given her by Christ, instituted her festivals and solemni ties commemorative of his blessed life and death. The choir of the Sistine chapel now commenced the hosanna of the children of Jerusalem," Blessed is he who cometh in the name of the Lord ! Hosanna in the highest!" The prayer which followed from the altar, besought the grace of God to bring us to tie glory of Christ's resurrection; and the sub deacon then chanted from Exodus the history of the murmurs of the' children of Israel after they had left the palm-trees and fountains of Elim - their longing after the flesh-pots of Egypt, where they were in bondage-and the promise which the Lord gave them of manna; the Church having selected this portion of Scripture, to mark to her children, how, in the midst of God's mercies and favours, in delivering us from the bondage of sin, we are dis heartened, and murmur at the lss of the past en joyment, and would fain return to the slavery of Satan, did not the grace of God sustain us in the desert of this world by the " true manna" whichl comes down fromheaven,enablingusto belhold His glory. Before the Gospel from St. Matthlew, whichwas sung by the deacon, recording the triumphal enter of Jesus Christ into Jerusalem, as the royal descendant of David, and King of tie nations, the gradual gives the mournful announcement of the machinations of the chief priests and Pharisees against him; and also, by anticipation, three verses from ithe prayer and agony in the garden. Beautiful and appro priate prayers followed the gospel, during which tihe blessing, sprinkling, and incensing, of the palms and olive-sprigs, takes place; and then began the distributing them previous to the procession. The cardinals first advanced in succession to the throne of the pontiff, kissing the palms as they re ceived them, and the hand of the holy father. They were succeeded by the patriarchs, archbishops and bishops, wearing their mitres. The mitred abbots of religious orders next advanced, who kissed the foot of the pontiff ; and thus did the vast numbers who succeeded them. During this distribution, the choir performed the proper anthems in plain chant. In some parts, the voices of children uttered the hosannas and bless ings of the infant band of Jerusalem; and this un expected and touching 'admission of those" babes, in whose mouth God hath perfected his praise," was truly in accordance with the blessed spirit of Ca tholic communion. As the procession began, Geraldine remarked with surprise, in. the midst of this commemorative re joicing. that the cross, borne at the head of the procession, was veiled; but she concluded, and she was right,, that, like the mournful verses of the gradual, the cross was covered to denote the ap proaching passion and death of the Son of God. The procession was most striking and imposing. The pontiff, as king and priest, was borne on a seat carried by twelve supporters, under a canopy held by priests. The heads of religious orders, with otlher ecclesiastics, followed his Holiness, and closed the procession, the choir singing from the gospels the event commemorated. The "Sala Reggia," round which the procession passed, was lined with the city guards, and directly the Pope entered the hall, the guard of nobles surrounded his throne, and the gates of communication with the chapel were closed. The chanters who remained within the chapel with the congregation, and the choir, who were accompanying the procession, then sang alter nately the beautiful verse of the hymn "Gloria, laus et honor ;" and the procession entered, singing the verse " When the Lord entered into the holy city," &c.; Solemn high mass commenced directly the holy pontiff had returned to the sanctuary, which was celebrated by a cardinal priest. The portion of the gospel selected for this mass is St. Matthew's history of the passion of our Lord, and the manner in which it is always chanted on these solemn occa sions is according to the ancient mode of reciting tragedy. The historical recital is by a tenor voice; the words of the subordinate persons are given by a counter-tenor, and our Saviour's expressions by a bass voice; the choir singing the words spoken by the crowd. During this gospel, although the palm branches are still held in honor of Christ's victory over sin and, death, no lights are borne ; and when it is recited that he bowed down his head and gave up the ghost, all knelt or prostrated, for some mo ments, in deep humiliation and solemn adoration of Him, who, for our sakes, thus underwent the sor rows of death. The beautiful hymn of the " Stabat Mater" was sung at the offertory of this mass, and this plaintive appeal to share in the sorrows of' the mother of Jesus, following so immediately, as did the Gospel, onhis triumph, touched more directly the chord of human sympathy. It was some time after the conclusion of the ser vice, when the Abate Zaccaria joined our friends in the tribune, according to promise. He bore two beautiful little branches of palm and olive united, which with great care he had selected from those blessed by his Holiness; and giving them to our heroine, bade'her keep them with respect, not only as memorials of the great event that day comme morated, but also precious in themselves, although inanimate, having received the especially invoked blessing of heaven, for the use of the faithful. (T'lb be continued.) 