Theology. -o— MIRACLES. V. THE following are among the most remarkable miracles of antiquity, all of them attested by evidence such as no consistent Christian can reject: 1. THE THUNDERING LEGION, or the miraculous destruction of an enemy at the prayers of Christian soldiers,' A. D. 176, attested by Apoilinaris, Tertullian, Eusebius, Dio Cassius, Julius Capitolinus, and Thernistius. 2. THE CHANGE OF WA TER INTO OIL By ST. NARCISSUS OF JERUSALEM, A. D. 180\. The sacred lamps failing on the Vigil of Easter, St. Narcissus sent for some water, and, at his prayer, it was changed into oil. Eusebius says that the people were in great consternation at the failure of the oil, which is remarkable as proving the mystical use of lights in apostolic times. St. Narcissus was born before St. John's death. "3. TuI STOPPAGE OF A RIVER'S COURSE BY ST. GREGORY THAUMATURGUs, in the same century. 4. THE APPEARANCE OF TIlE CROSS TO CONSTANTINE, A. D. 312, attested upon oath by Constantine himself, by Eusebius, Lactantius, and indirectly by several Pagan writers, and the inscription on his triumphal arch. 5. Tni DISCOVERY OF TIE TRUE CROSS, A.D.'326, at tested by Constantine in a letter to Macarius, preserved by Eusebius; by. St. Cyril of Jerusalem, St. Ambrose, St. Chrysostom, St. Paulinus, St. Sulpicius, Theodoret, .Ruffinus, Socrates, and Sozomen. Connected with this -discovery are many other miracles-among the rest the multiplication and dispersion of the wood.' 6. THE DEATH OF ARIUS, who was suddenly smitten in answer to the prayers of the Bishop of Constantinople. 7. THE FIERY ERUPTION ON JULIAN'S ATTEMPT TO REBUILD THE JEWISH TEMPLE, A. D. 363, attested by the Pagan historian Ammianus Marcellinus, and all the great Fathers of the fourth century.. 8. THE MUTILATED. CONFESSORS., All of these miracles are examined in detail in Mr. Newman's Essay, but as we are anxious to pass' on to those of a later date, we will content ourselves with drawing our readers' attention to the last-mentioned. * The facts connected with it are thus stated by one who in such a case cannot be called a too-favorable witness. " Tipasa," says Gibbon, a "maritime colony of Mauri tania, sixteen lmiles to the east of Cœsarea, had been distinguished in every age by the orthodox zeal of its inhabitants. They had braved the fury of the Donatists;. they resisted or eluded the tyranny of the Arians.' The town was deserted on the approach of an heretical bishop; most of the inhabitants who could procure ships passed over to the coast of Spain; and the unhappy rem nant, refusing all communion with the usurper, still presumed to hold their pious but illegal assemblies.- Their disobedience exasperated the cruelty of Hunneric. A military count was dispatched from Carthage to Ti pasa: he collected 'the Catholics in the Forum, and, in the presence.of the whole province, deprived the guilty of their right hands and their tongues. But the holy Confessors continued to speak without tongues." The gift continued through their lives. Their number is not mentioned by any of the original witnesses, but is fixed by an old menology at sixty. Such was the miracle. Now we will state the evidence on which it rests. 1\. Victor. Bishop of Vite, published in Africa his history of the persecution only two years after it'took place. He says :-" The king in wrath sent a certain count, with directions to hold a meeting in the Forum of the whole province, and there to cut out their tongues by the root, and their right hands. When this was done, by the gift of the Holy Ghost, they so spoke and speak as -they used to speak before. If, however, anyone Will be incredulous, let him now go to Constantinople, and there he will find one of them a sub-deacon, by' name Reparatus, speaking like an educated man without any impediment-on which account he is regarded with ex ceeding veneration by the Emperor Zeno, 'and especially by the Empress." 2\. His contemporary, Æneas of Gaza, says, " What took place the other day I suppose you have seen.your self. A bitter tyranny is oppressing the greater Africa; and humanity and orthodoxy have no influence over tyranny. Accordingly this tyrant takes offence at the piety of his subjects, and commands the priests to deny their glorious dogma. When they refuse--O! the im piety !-he cuts out that religious tongue ! They call upon their Maker, who vouchsafes to them a new nature on the third day-not giving them another tongue, but the faculty to discourse without a tongue more plainly than before.. I myself saw' the men, and heard them speak; and woridering at the articulateness of the sound, I began to inquire what its organ was; and, distrusting miy ears, 1 committed the decision to my eyes; and opening their mouth, I perceived the tongue entirely gone from she rdots. And, astounded, I fell to wonder, not how they could talk, but how they had not died." 'He saw them at Constantinople. 3\. Procopius of Coesarea, Secretary to Belisarius, a justly-celebrated historian, whose accuracy is highly spoken of by Gibbon and others, speaks as follows on the subject of this stupendous miracle :-" Of many he (Hunneric) cut out the tongue as low down as the throat, who even as late as my time were alive in Byzantium, and talked without any impediment, feeling no effects whatever of the punishment. But two of them, having allowed themselves to hold converge with abandoned women, ceased to speak." 4\. Our next witness, and of the same date, is the. Emperor Justinian, who in an edict addressed to 'Ar chelaus Provelorian, Prefect of 'Africa, on the subject of his office, after. Belisarius had recovered the country to the Roman Empire, writes as follows :-" We have seen the venerable meu' who, when their tongues had been cut off at the roots, yet piteously recounted their pains." 5\. Another layman to whom we are able to appeal, is Count Marcellinus. In his Chronicon, under the date 484, he says-" Then it was that the same King Hun neric ordered the tongue to be cut out of a Catholic youth, who from his birth had lived withoat speech at all; soon after he spoke and gave glory to God with the first sounds of his voice. In short, I myself have "seeni at Byzantium a few out of this company of the faithful, religious men, with their tongues cut off, and their hands amputated, speaking with perfect voice." 6\. Victor, .Bishop of Tonno (another contemporary) " Hunneric banishes not only Catholic clerks of every order, but even monks and laymen,' to the number of about four thousand, and makes confessors and martyrs; and cut of the tongues of the confessors. As to which confessors, the.royal city, where their bodies lie, attests that after their tongues were cut out, they spoke. per fectly even to the end." It is observable from this statement that the miracle was recorded for the in struction 'of posterity at the place of their burial. 7.' Lastly, Pope Gregory the First thus 'speaks in his Dialogues. " In.the time of Justinian Augustus, when the Arian persecution raised by the Vandals against the faith of the Catholics, was raging violently in Africa, some bishops courageously persisting in the defence of the truth, were brought under notice ; whom, the King; of the Vandals, failing to persuade -to his unbelief with. words and offers, thought he could break with torture. For when, in the midst of their defence of the truth, he bade them be silent, but they would not hear the mis belief quietly, lest it might be interpreted as assent; breaking out into rage he had their tongues cut off from the roots—a wonderful thing, and known to many senior persons: for afterwards, even. without tongue, they spoke for the defence of the truth, jtst as they had been accustomed before to speak by means of it. . These, then, being fugitives at that time, came to Constanti nople. At the time, moreover, that I was myself sent to the Emperor to conduct the business of the Church, I fell in with a certain senior, a Bishop, who 'attested that he had seen their mouths speaking though with out tongues; so that with open mouths they cried out, 'Behold and see, for we have not tongues, and speak.' And it appeared to those who inspected, as it was said, as if, their tongues being cut off from the roots, there was a sort of open depth in their throat, and yet in that empty mouth the words were formed full and perfect of whom one, having fallen into licentiousness, was soon after deprived of the gift of miracle." Little observation is necessary on evidence such as this. What is, perhaps, most striking in it, is the variety of the witnesses, both in their persons and the details'of their testimony, together with the consistency and uiity of that testimony in all material points.- Out of the seven witnesses adduced, six are contemporaries ; three, if not four, are eye-witnesses of the miracle'; one- reports from an eye-witness, and one testifies to a permanent record of the burial-place of the subjects of it.. All seven were living, 'or hid. been staying, at one Qr'other of the two places which, are mentioned as their abode. One is a Pope; a second a Catholic Bishop; a third a Bishop of a schismatical party; a fourth an Emperor; a fifth a soldier, a politician, and a suspected infidel;' a sixth a statesman and courtier; a seventh a rhetorician and philosopher. " He cut out the. tongues by the. roots," says Victor, Bishop of Vite; " I perceived the tongue entirely gone by the roots," says Æneas; " as low down as the throat," says Procopius; " at the roots," say Justinian and St. Gregory. " He spoke like an educated man, without impediment," says Victor of Vite; "with articulateness,"' says Æneas, "better than before.;"-" they talked without any impediment," says Procopius; " speaking with perfect voice," says Mar cellinus. " They- spoke perfectly even to the end," says the second Victor ; "the 'words were found full and perfect," says St. Gregory. Will any man in candour say that a single fact in his tory is better attested than this 'miracle ?—a miracle. establishing the truth of the Catholic faith against the Arians of the fifth century, just as in subsequent ages ever in proportion to the spread of heresies, did the power of God manifest itself among his chosen people for their comfort and encouragement, and the confusion of their enemies. 