.ccic a ast ical Inteillgene,. -0 CORK. - THE 0QNSOaRATION OF THE ISISHOP. • Long before ten o'clock, the hour appointed for the commencement of the ceremonies, the spacious church was filled to overflowing ; and amongst the congregation assembled were some of our most respectable Protestant fellow- citizens. The cathedral, which is perhaps one of the finest churches in the kingdom, being of the purest and most elaborate style of Gothic architecture, was adorned in a manner befitting the solemnity of the occasion. On the left of the high altar was erected the alchiepiscopal throne. It was ascended by three steps covered with rich carpeting : the seat was upholstered with black satin; in .which were beautifully wrought with coloured silks the episcopal arms, and the canopy was draped with festoons of chastely-watered crim son damask, and was_surmounted by a richly gilt cross. The altar at the right of the high altar was reserved for the Bishop elect, and was befittingly ornamented. Shortly after ten o'clock the procession issued from the sacristy to the sanctuary in the following order, the organ pealing in joyous tones the sublime music of Zingarelli's !! Laudate :"'- ? : \- Two-Thurifers, -. - Acolothist-Crucifier-Acolotlhist, Mitre-bearer-Crozier-bearer-Mitre-bearer, A long train of boys, S wearing soutains and surplices. The inferior clergy in soutans and surplices. The Prelates, preceded by their chaplains, bearing lighted tapers :- Tihe Right Rev. Dr. alshli Lord -Bishop of Cloyne and Ross ; Chaplain, Rev. Mr. Scannell,P.P. Glountane. The Right Rev. Dr. Foran.-Lord Bishop of Water ford ; Chaplain, Dr. Fitzgerald, Waterford," in sou tans, rochettes, and caps. The Right Rev. Dr. Ryan, Lord Bishop of Lime rick, assistant consecrating Bishop C; haplain, Rev. Mr. Burke, Limerick. Right Rev. Dr. Egan, Lord Bishop of Kerry,se nior assistant consecrating Bishop ; Chaplain, Rev. Mr. O'Sullivan in soutans, rochettes, copes, and white initres. Rev. John Falvey, master of ceremonies ; Rev. Dominick Murphy, sub-deacon ;-Rev. John Brown, deacon ; Rev. Dr. Barry, assistant high priest, in cope and cap. Right Rev. Dr. Delany, Bishop, elect, in soutan rouchette, cope and cap ; Chaplain. Rev. Alexander Mahony. Most Rev. Dr. Slattery, Lord Archbishop of Cashel, consecrating Bishop, in full pontificals; Chaplain, Rev. Michael Horiogan. The clergy, together with the non-assistant Pre lates, having taken their place in the lower choir, the consecrating Bishop ascended the high altar, when the assistant Bishops produced the apostolic mandate appointing Dr. Delaney to the see of Cork, which was then read by the Rev. Dr. Barry, V.G. The elect was then exainined by the consecrator as to his obedience to the Holy See and his belief in the solemn mysteries of the Christian acligion, after which the Mass was commenced, the elect standing at tire left of the consecrator. The Mass having been proceeded with to the end of the Epistle, the elect was conducted by the assistant Bishops to his cllapel, where lie was invested with sandals, pastoral cross, stole, tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, andt maniplo -all of which, as well as.the vestments worn by the other dignitaries, were of the richest and most costly materials. Thus robed, the elect returned to the high altar, when the consecrating Bishop, addressing him, said, " It is the duty of a Bishop to judge, to interpret the Scriptures, to consecrate, to ordain, to make oblation, to baptise, and to con firm." The Consecrator, the Prelates, the Clergy, and the congregation then knelt, anld the Litany of.the Saints was solemnly entoned by the Clergy, the elect lying prostrate on the altar steps. When the Litany had been concluded, the elect knelt be fore the Consecrator, who, placing a book of the Gospels on his shoulders, and touchlling the head of the elect with both hands, said, " Receive thou the Holy Ghost." The assistant Bishops having done likewise, the consecrating preface was read by the Lord Archbishop. The forehead of the elect was then bound with linen, and the Consecrator pro ceeded to anoint his head, saying, " ie thy head anointed and consecrated in the order of High Priest, by heavenly benediction. Amen," tile choir chanting the hymn of the Holy Spirit, " Veni Creator." Thie hands of the elect were then anointed, the choir singing tile anthem, " The pre cious ointment on the head, that ran down upon the beard :of Aaron; which ran down the skirt of his garment, as the dew of Hermon, which descended on Mount Sion." The consecrator having blessed tile pastoral staffplaced it in the Iands of the elect, accompanying the presentation with the ap pointed prayer. The ring was next placed on his finger, after which the book of the Gospels was closed, and presented to him by thie consecrator, who said, " Receive the gospel, and go forth, and preach it to the people committed to thee." After which the consecrator and the assistant Bishops received the elect to the kiss of peace. The elect was again con ducted to his chapel and the Mlass was proceeded willt to the end of the Gospel, when the Very Rev Michael O'Sullivan, V.G., ascended the pulpit, and delivered a beautiful and appropriate oration. When the sermon had been concluded, the Mass was again proceeded w\ith to tihe close of the Offertory, after which the elect presented the Consecrator with an offering of two loaves, two vessels of wine, and two wax torches, when the Mass was again continued to the " Ita missa est." The Consecrator then blessed the mitre and placed it on the head of the elect; he next blessed the gloves and placed them on his hands, accompanying both ceremonies with prayer, and he then arose from off his throne, and placing the crozier in tihe hands of the newly-consecrated, lie seated him therein, at the same time giving out the anthem: " Let thy hand be strengthened, and thy right-har.d be exalted, justice and judgment are the preparations of thy throne." The newly conse crated prelate then proceeded through the aisle of the church accompanied by the assistant Bishops amidst the thunders of the organ, which pealed the joyous notes of the " To Deum," and blessed the congre gation, who devoutly knelt to receive the benison of the young Lord Bishop of Cork. Having again returned to the high altar he embraced the Consecra tor and assistant Bishops, when the Mass wasagain proceeded with to the end, after which the Prelates and Clergy returned to the sacristy in the order in which they issued from it, CATHOLIC SCHOOLS, VIRGINIA-STREBTr.-On Sun day last, the Octave of the Assumption, the boys of the Holy Juvenile Guitd of our Blessed Lady and St. John, walked in procession from the Red Lion-street Schools to the Catholic Cemetery in the Commercial road East, from thence to St. Mary's and St.Michael's Chapel, Virginia-street, and after attending Vespers and Benediction, returned again to tile Christian Schools. The conduct of the children was most edifying, and the procession was attended the whole way by a vast con course of highly respectable people. This being the celebration of the first anniversary of the foundation of the Juvenile Guild, it may not be out of place to say a few words regarding its estab lishment. This guild, then, was established by the Brothers of the Christian Schools, at the earnest and repeated request of our ever-to-be lamented Bishop, the Right Rev. Dr. Griffiths. By his directions were the rules and regulations of our little society drawn together, and (not content with giving it his utmost sanction and appointing himself the spiritual guardian and founder of it,) in order to ptove more fully his love for the youthful members of our society, he sent us tihe munificent donation of 51., and pro mised to give the same annually. I cannot close this brief notice without expressing the great edification we all received from the conduct of the immense numbers of our separated brethren who witnessed the procession. Not an insulting word, not asneer, or an 'irreligious sentence, did we hear during thle entire route; on tile contrary, ithe appearance of our beautiful Guild Cross at thle head of the boys, the members of the council in their green cassocks, and the other members in the costume of the Guild, had a very imposing effect upon them, and they evinced the deepest respect towards us and the sacred emblem of our redemption. God grant that this may be the augur of much better things, and that great numbers of such holy institutions, having for their object the sanctification of these little ones of Jesus Christ, may be established throughout the length and breadth of this once re ligious, but now,alas I benighted laud.-A MesDnsa oF TBS HoLY JUVENILE GUILD.-Feast of Saint Louis, 1847.-Tablet, Aug. 28. MANCInrsRn.-ST. PATRICK'S.-The Guild con nected with Saint Patrick's Church-the Guild of the Immaculate Conception- prepared to keep the Festival of the Glorious Assumption on Sunday last, with more than ordinary piety and grandeur. By tile aid of the members, the church presented p very pleasing appearance. The altar was beautifully laid out, and the statues on each side of it handsomely dressed and decorated, rite pulpit, tile pillars in the church, and tile gas-jets were all decorated with flowers; and six triumphtal arices, three in each of the two aisles, were erected in the church. In the evening, the membeirs of the Guild, in their Guild dresses, occupied lthe front pews in thechancel. Tihe men and boys on one side, the girls on the othler. All had wax tapers. Immediately after Vespers, a light was brought to the Guild members, and all got their candles lighted. A procession of the Blessedl Sacrament commenced. The Blessed Sacramentwao s carried by thie Reverend Dr. Ruskell, assisted by tile Right lRevs. Messrs. Cantw'ell and Unsworth. When the leader of the procesaion, the Cross-bearer, came fromi tite sanctuary into the aisle, opposite the Guild-boys, the boys rose and joined the pro cession, walking two-abreast, and carrying their candles lighted. When the Cross-bearer had gone rouid the bottom of the church and arrived in thie other aisle opptosite the Guild girls, they also roseand joined tCle procession. Thie procession moved out of the church into theenclosed burial-ground behlind. At the door leading from the church to the bIurial ground four of the Christian Brothers were in at tendance, hloltding a large handsome canopy, under whichl the Clergy withi the Blessed Sacrament walked in the procession round the burial-ground. It was a fine calm evening. In thie centre of tile ground an altar was erected. After the procession hand gone round the walks, singing thie " Tantuin ergo," the Cross-bearer directed his steps towards tile altar in the centre. When hie arrived there, tihe members of the Guild behind himn divided, stepped back to the extent of the gravel-walk, and left an avenue between them. It had a beautiful en?ct; such a long avenue lit upl on each side by the tapers of the members of the Guiltl. Through thin avenue the Blessed Sacrament was carried to the altar, and from thie ultar Benediction was given. The proces sion was again formed, and returned into the clhurch, the Guild singing the Litanrty of the Blessed Virgin. In the cihurch sBnedtietion was tgain given, and thie proceedings terminated. The Festi val of the Assumption at St. Patrick's gacve joy and satisfaction to the tmembers of the Guildt and others whol took ipart in it, and gave pleasure andt edifica tion to the great niumbers who witnessed the pro ceditgo.Ckfrro'ares elndent ofthe T"alet 