Local Intelligence. An important communication has been made to Messrs Elder & Co., touching a recent discovery of Mr Finke and his miners on the Mount Remarkable Survey. All that is known at present is, that a new and valuable lode of three or four feet in bigness has been ascertained, and that decisive intelligence of a highly favourable kind may be shortly expected. The vessel building at the Port, by Mr T. Scott, under contract, for the Colonial Government, was seized in execution a few days ago by Messrs Young- husband & Co., together with other property, in order to satisfy a debt of £328 14s 8d, owing to them by the contractor. The Government, however, who doubtless had made some payments during the progress of the work, re-seized the vessel and put a policeman in charge. How the matter will end remains to be seen; but, we presume, the captors of the unfinished vessel have again taken possession of her, as she is advertised to be sold by auction by Mr J. B. Neales on Wednesday next. An overland party from the neighbourhood of Mait- land, New South Wales, headed by Mr William Jones, of Black Creek, near Maitland, arrived here on Wednesday evening last, with 400 to 500 head of cattle and twenty-eight horses. Including the leader, the party consists of eleven men, two women, and two children; who not only met with no annoyance from any of the natives fallen in with on the journey, but acknowledge repeated instances of their friendly help and. guidance. The parly left the Maitland district on the 19th August last, and have therefore been 188 days, or about five days more than half a year on their journey. The first progress, up the Macquarrie, being for the purpose of making up the requisite quantity of stock, they had to retrace their steps to that extent, and then to cross successively to the Bogan and the Lachlan, on their way to the Darling; in following down which, and pursuing the rest of their long journey to Adelaide, the party used alternately Jarvis's, and Bagot and Bayley's routes, as they fell in with them. During the whole journey, there was no loss of human life, nor any casualty, escept that one of the party lost himself for four days in the bush, and would have perished but for the fruit of the salsolaceous plants, which he was enabled to substitute for food and water. The party ; declare they had not. twenty-four hours' rain during the whole journey, so that they and their cattle had to de- pend almost entirely on the supplies afforded by the rivers indicating their line of march. They invariably requited in food, or otherwise, the friendly natives who assisted them, and not only found the desire to possess shirts or articles of clothing so prevalent, that a man would travel 100 miles as a guide for the sake of a shirt, but that even a new pipe and a fig of tobacco were con- sidered joyous presents, or worth doing a good deal for. The party was well armed, but had no occasion to pull a trigger in self defence during the whole journey; indeed, one of the men declares he has seen more cause for personal apprehension within thirty miles of Mait- land than he felt during all this tedious overland journey. As the party came within the South Australian territory, they occasionally met with native youngsters who spoke tolerable good English, and, upon inquiry, found they had received instruction in the Adelaide school. Some boasted they could read, and others made digital flourishes upon the sand to give proof of their proficiency in writing. The men of the party who intend to return to New South Wales will probably take passages in the Juno steamer. Their first locomotive encampment in Adelaide was near the east end of Grenfell-street. On the afternoon of Thursday, a house in the occu- pation of a Mr Reason and the men employed in the construction of the new road to the North Arm caught fire in consequence of the falling in of the chimney, and property to the amount of £150 was consumed. The house was situate about half a mile from Albert Town. Within the last week or two the Adelaide epicures in choice animal viands (which, for want of a wider land range, include some captured denizens of the great deep) have luxuriated upon some remarkably fine salt-water cray-fish of large size and in perfect condition; approved members of the finny tribe have not been wanting. It is much to be regretted that the "domestic fisheries" (a very odd term, by-the-by) should be so much neglected; but the reasons are obvious — there are few boats, not hands enough to man them, insufficient gear, and not enough of aldermanic patronage. The ordinary citizens of all creeds should unite for the better encouragement of our colonial fishermen, whether of the coast or the inland waters. Corporal Duins and police constable Scowcroft. stationed at Moorunde, having received information, on the 19th instant, that a man was supposed to have gone overland with a stolen horse, proceeded up the river and captured the man the same evening, with the horse, saddle, and bridle in his possession. Next day they escorted the prisoner to Moorunde, and gave him in charge to police constables Hogdell and Millett, who, started with him towards Adelaide. They encamped that night at a hut, and Millet, having the watch of the prisoner towards morning, and having a due regard to the liberty of the subject, took the hand-cuffs off the prisoner, that the poor fellow might have a comfortable smoke, and at the same time wrapped himself up snugly for a snooze, the spirit of Pickwick's fat boy being strong upon him. As the prisoner was not a Roman, he had not the honour to remain in " vile durance" longer than he could help it, and was absent of course in the morning. Corporal Duins arrived shortly afterwards, and searched the neighbourhood for some days to no purpose. Millet is a "new hand" in the force, and the circumstance of the case furnish another example of the gross carelessness with which selections for the force are now conducted. On Thursday evening last, the tenth Lodge of the M.U. of Oddfellows wis opened under the title of the *' Loyal Norfolk Lodge," at the house of brother George Ottaway, in Rundle-street. A sumptuous dinner and excellent wines, together with a profusion of pastry and other et ceteras, were served in superior style to about ninety brothers and visitors. D. Prov G. M. Dyke pre- sided, and Prov. C. S. Hiliier did the hononrs of the vice chair. The newly-appointed officers of this lodge are P. G. Walsh (Flinders Lodge), Brother Rogers (Hope Lodge), V- G.; Doctor Bull being appointed to the office of Secretary. The usual loyal and common-place toists were drunk with unquestionable enthusiasm, and the evening was spent tn a sort ol winning conviviality and social enj >yment that might have tempted from total abstinence Father Mathew himself had he been present. The speechifying, however, was of a character scarcely reportable, no new fact in connection with the Order or its princ'ples having transpired. We cannot, however, refrain from alluding to an attack which was made, in his absencfe. on Mr Graham (the Burra Burra King), by a Mr L* Vence. which we considered extremely out of taste, particularly as private affairs between individuals have no right to be introduced in such society. Whether Mr La Vence had assisted Mr Graham to make his fortune or not was, in onr opinion, no business of an Oddfellow's dinner, and if be left Mr La Yence in the Inrch, that was no place to say so. Mr Paxton replied to Mr La Vence, and was happy in his observations. He denounced the introduction of such matters in an Oddfellows* conviviai party, and retorted that, as Mr La Vence had said he belonged to the order for twenty eight years, he should have known better. Few persons, he said, who had risen suddenly to such opulence as Mr Graham, would have conducted themselves as well *s he had done; and he deserved respect, not merely as a rich man, but as a good colonic ; and Mr La Vence, havirg become mollified as well as mellow, acknowledged the justice of Mr Paxton "s remarks, and the "feast of reason and the flow o( soul'' was not again interrupted Upon the health of the host being proposed, he exhibited his portly parson upon the table, and audibly addressed his brothers and friends id a very kind and handsome manner. He said he was an old colonist, and knew the majority of the faces bef.re him. As an Oddfellow, he had known some of them for years, and, as in duty bound, in catering for their comfort, he certainly had done his utmost to merit the kind uentiments they had expressed (cheers). Our market is now plentifully supplied with most de- licious fruit. The grapes particularly, while they de- light the eye. and refresh the taste, exhibit in their variety all the finer sorts of Spain and Portugal, in cluding the Muscat, the Black Prince, Damascus, the Hamburghs, the Frontignacs, Madeiras, down to the old English Sweat Waters, and are retailed at such prices as bring them within the reach of every child who has a penny to spend. The melons, too (both water melon and sweet), is brought to town in dray loads, and if they lack a little in the flavour of former years, it is compensated, in some measure, by their profusion and cheapness. To there may be added apples, pears, a few peaches, nec- tarines. and plums, to please the most fastidious taste, and give variety to the dessert of the wealthy. On Monday night last, luminous appearances in the heavens similar to those known as the "Aurora Borealis" in the Northern Hemisphere, were visible here from half.past eight until after midnight. We presume we must adopt the term "Aurora Australis' in describing this heavenly illumination, which extended from the south-east point just above the horizon, to about west, and was at one time particularly remarkable by vertical columns of light very strongly defined. A report has reached us from the Port Lincoln dis- trict, that one of Mr Tennant's overseers was suffering from a serious if not fatal accident. He had heard of some inroad by the natives at one of his employer's sheep stations, and being about to depart for the scene of robbery and outrage, stuck a brace of pistols in his belt. He soon began to think, however, that a good stock-whip was his best and safest weapon, and was in the act of divesting himself of the pistols, when one of them exploded and indicted a dangerous wound in his left side. Our informant states that his recovery was not considered hopeless, although the case was a very dangerous one. (From the South Australian, 25th February.] A few weeks ago, our fellow citizen, Mr Marks, seeking " health in the breeze and vigour in the flood,"* took a trip to that fashionable watering place, Glenelg, and on preparing to bathe, took off a valuable gold mourning ring, which he placed with his clothes on the sandy beach. On dressing again the ring was forgotten, and was left to the mercy of the wind and waves. A few days back, the children of one of the residents (Mr Phipson) were fishing for cockles, far below high water mark, and on digging up the sand, discovered a remark- ably fine one, being no other than the identical ring in question, buried some-six or eight inches in the soft soil, (In clearing off the outer coat of clay. the name of the owner was plainly perceived, who, on recovering the : ring, declared that he would not have lost it for fifty guineas. After this, who need despair of searching for a needle in a bundle of hay ? We saw another prophet yesterday — a poor fellow, who calls himself " The Messiah Patrick Madden." He labours under several most singular delusions—declares that he came down from tieaveD, having predicted his advent; thai he wis present, in the third year of his aga, at the battle of the Nile ; that he has been carried "flying through the elements*' into every part of the earth, &c.; His present desire is to obtain magisterial assistance to lay, in the lied Sea, certain ghosts or worricows, which he eel s " Chemisters," and which have not only decimated every fl ick lie had the care of, but tormented himself, even beyond a prophet's patience. He says he is a Catholic, and a native of the City of Dublin. To us he appears an old soldier or man-of-war's man, perhaps the person referred to under the same sur- name in the Gazette DOticeof the 4th November. Mr D Macfarlane has sold 10,000 sheep and run, at Rivoli Bay, at 10s a head, to Mr Leake. Considering the present depressed state of the stock market this is an excellent sale. Information has been received that some Mount Brown : or Narien Range natives, about a month ago, stole two hundred sheep from one of Mr P. Maurice's flocks at Blackrock Hill. After a diligent search, only a few were recovered, but the remains of a great number were discovered among the ranges. A few women and children only were in the neighbourhood, all the men having made their escape. One or two suspected natives had been taken by the Police. [From the South Australian Register, 23d February.] It was announced in the Churches on Sunday last, that his Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide will hold a confirmation at Trinity Church, on Ash Wednesday the 8th March. The service to commence at the usual hour, viz., eleven o'clock. Yesterday, according to annual custom, tea and re- freshments upon a liberal scale were provided at Felix- stow, the residence of the Rev. T. Q. Stow, for more than two hundred children and young persons attached , to the Sunday Schools of the Congregationalists in Ade- laide and at Unley. The large jnvenile party was met by Mr and Mrs Giles, Mr and Mrs Evans, Mr and Mrs Macgeorge. Mr and Mrs Stanford, Mr and Mrs Randall, Mr and Mrs Frew, and other friends of the Rev. Mr Stow and Mrs Stow, as well as of the useful institutions which are identified with the name of the reverend pastor. After sufficient time had been spent in recreation, the refreshments, including abundance of fruit, wtre served upon the lawn, in front of the house; and whilst the young folk were there assembled, two hymns were sung, and they were severally addressed by the Rev. T. Q. Stow and Mr Evans. The cheerful party did not separate till nearly six o'clock in the evening, although many arrivals took place before the hour of noon; and all seemed to have experienced much gratification from their hospitable entertainment and the innocent amusements combined with this annual rural fete. Much charitable sympathy is felt for a poor and weakly widow named Spencer, residing near Wright- street. Her husband, a soldier, whose period of service had expired, was in Van Diemen's Land awaiting the due confirmation of his pension certificate, when his death unexpectedly took place, and his wife became destitute and disconsolate. The worthy soldier had obtained some employment in Van Diemen's Land, and contenting himself with the smallest possible portion of his earnings regularly remitted at the rate of ten shil- lings per week to his wife and three children, only one of whom is old enough to earn a maintenance for him- self. The particnlars of the case are sufficiently authen- ticated, and Mr Pink, storekeeper, Wright-street, has kindly consented to receive subscriptions from the charitably disposed. On the everting of Friday the 11th instant a most destructive fire broke out on John McCallum's section, near Gawler Town, which, in a few minutes, consumed his stacks, houses, fences, and other property, to the amount of about £500. On the first appearance of smoke, crowds of the neighbours flocked to the spot; but nothing could be done, either to extinguish the racing element or to save any property. Everything went off almost with an explosion, as if all the build- ings had been constructed of lucifer matches, which, by- the-by, were the real cause of all the mischief. It seems one of McCallum's little boys was sent out to look after some cows, during which he was fingering some lucifers about the barn, when an immediate con- flagration was the consequence. Mrs McCallum, with four children, had to fly for protection to the banks of the neighbouring river with hardly a stitch of clothes, save the contents of one box and a few blankets, which they manaaed to save. John McCallum is a hard working, honest man, who has the good wishes of every one who knows him; and a subscription is spoken of, to assist him in some degree to repair his grievous loss. The 'clipper brig" Dorset was put up to auction last Wednesday, by Mr Neales, and bought in at 1450 guineas; but was subsequently sold by private contract to Mr John Taylor, of North Adelaide, on whose behalf Captain Walsh will continue in the command, and (for the present at least) the Dorset will be kept in the Sydney trade. 