THE CRUISKEEN LAUNE; OR THE DEVIL ON THE ROOST. AN ORIGINAL 151RSH STORY. (Concluded.) " Oh you're quite excusable, Mr Garner," re turned Farrell. " Well, as I was saying, I fell fast asleep on the form, and I wasn't long there, as Patsleen hiniself told me afthrwards, when two o' the -soholars came to him and said, 'I beg lave to gout, Patsheen, if you plase.' (I make them -always be as mannerly to my substitute as my sel.) ' One at a time, says Patsheen, and as they didn't know which one was meant, the pair ran to the pass to see who'd have id first, and Ibegan a skull-dragging it from one another, when up Patsheen got and says, "now, pon myy veracity," (just the same as I'd say my -self. "Pon my veracity" is a great word with Father Ned too) " now 'pon my veracity mayther o' ye will get it, so ye re bether sit down, sit down I say, ye disturbers," and here he began to flagilate them with my switch, lhe. had in his hand, when one o' them through mortification for the flagillation, was guilty of the abomination of knockin him into a conster nation, by giving him a pollhoge under the lug, and stretchin' him.-" " Ora, Patsey Mahoney, did you ever hear of so many ations in your life," exclaimed the .astonished broguemaker, but, but, divil thank him, its every man to his thrade, as the sayin is; but if every man knew his own thrade as well as Misther Farrell knows his, there would'nt be many botches in the world. Well if I knew the manein' columns in the spelling book as well as you Misther Farrell, I would'nt turn my back on ,era man in the counthry. No, not even on Jack Burke himsel, the Surveyor." " Ha, ha,-O that's nothing, Mr Garner," modestly observed Mr Farrell. " Oh in course its nothin'to what you can do," replied Robert demurely, fully impressed with 'the profound erudition of his companion, " well I suppose when Patsheen;" `" 10 after Patsheen got the clout, and gained his perpendicularity," concluded Mr Farrell, "he -cameto mysel andwhen he told methe story, Imade him horsewhip the twoblackguards that bet him." 'Tom Kilmartin laughed heartily at the adroitness ;of histlittle boy, and all bestowed encomiums of the most flattering nature on the rigid discipline which Mr Farrell enforced with regard to the pass. "Will you have a draw o' the pipe Misther .Farrell." :" If:you plase, Mr Garner, thankley." A de sultory conversation now -ensued, when all were :.ppeakers, and no one was a listener, until Robert Gtarner, who was resolved that no time should be lost in dry talking, said, " why don't you be drinking, company 1 . Misther 'arrell, its your fault now, there that glass is standin afore you for the last half "hour, and you never took a sup out iv id, come drink, man and let's have the glass, but, mind you must hand id back empty, or .plp vn'll hep finped" O, Robert, you're always a great man for -drink," said Farrell smiling, and evidently pleased at the threat held out by Garner, in case he did not empty his glass, a threat by the bye whose penalty he was not dis posed to incur, unless that indeed would in flict the punishment of forcing him to drink a half dozen glasses, for the direliction of not -emptying one, an infliction the pious soul was :always prepared to undergo with the utmost 'resignation, and with incredible alacrity. " Well, since you force me to drink, I suppose 'I must," said Darrell, when, after apause of some seconds, during which he appeared to be absorbed in deep thought, and a cloud of so lemnity gathered on his face, he rose slowly and steadily off his seat, and looking round to the company he lifted his glass horizontal to his lips. Even at this solemn moment Robert Garner's -loquacity and his admiration of Mr Farrell .could not be stemmed, and he whispered to Patsey Mahoney, " As sure as I have a head on my body, we'll have something now, Patsey,.he has just-enough o' whiskey now to make him say seomething- good." -Patsey Mahoney nodded assent, without removing his eyes off iMr Farrell, upon iwhom they were fixed, with a look of the deepest reverence and gravity. " Well," said Mr Farrell at length, in meas ured tones, "Here's O'Connell and rapale 'o the Union I" and then sat down motionless as a .statue, enjoying his own importance. " Hurrah, hurrah, hurrah 1" shouted the male portion of the company, while the females laughed their approval of the national and popular toast. The Stables and forms rattled, the glass and pewter measure jingled, and the floor resounded to their enthusiastic responses. " I tould you, Patsey, I tould you wi'd have something good;"' said Ro ` bert Garner, his eyes glistening in the mean time -with delight, and his nostrils distended with very -emotion. -" I'ayra and tuntherin ounz, Patsey Mahoney-, there's nothing. like the learnin' afther all," exclaimed Robert, " tsha, what is brogue anakin' or what is any thing at all compared to the 'learnin'. To be sure I.can make a brogue, that'll look as purty as any shoemaker's shoe in all Ireland, or give me just three feet iv a bit iv a stick, and I'll fight era man o' my inches in the wvorld,- but what good is it, what good is all that 'in comparison to been able to talk and go to the foundation stonie as you may say, like that man -there? - Look here Patsy Mahoney and Tom Kilmartin, and Mrs Kilmartin and Mrs Mahoney, look, I ought to be smothered long afore I came to.this age;-when- I was at school, what do ye think I used to do instead of minding my lesson? why, I'd be running afther the hounds all day maybe,: or hurling ball, or fightilig, or some other divilment or another, while my poor father and-mother (God rest their sowls) was thinking I was at school; but there's no help for id now, only put up with the loss, that's all ; oh Misther Farrell, look, my heart loves you, and I respect the ground you walk on. But isn't it curious, Patsy, that these great men are never so clever, as you might say, .until- they have a drop o' 'drink in them, isni't.it now, eh?" -" urious! no, wny woulu la, sure you never saw a clever man in your life that wasn't fond iv a drop ; just see Jimmy Daby, the piper, for instance, and sure you know as well as I do that divil .cut the tune at all he can play scarcely, till he's half drunk; and there's Dandy Dick (as they call-him) the d ncing masther, and even Andrew Ward, the tinker: sure none o' them is worth a tinker's curse tillthe're'half tipsy. I'll tell you, Roberd, you never saw a good trades man in your life that wasn't fond iv a glass o' whiskey." "'Pon my conscience, I believe you're right enough in that, Patsy, at:any rate. Now there's mysel', we'll say, as good a brogue-maker as there's from here to Galway, not that I say id mysel', and I never.can.put a purty brogue-out o'my hands till I'm half saize over, as thesayin' is; and signs is by me, whenever I take a bache lor's measure, I say to Nancy, " Nancy," says I " go down to Biddy M'Grath's,.and bring me up a drop o' something to drink I'm goin' to make a pair o' brogues for a young boy that's goin' to be married next Sunday; fetch a noggin with you, you'll wafit a glass yoursel', bekase you'll have to bind this pair." Not that she'd ever drink a drop iv any sort scarcely, but then I'd have the more to mnysel." "Patsy, avourneen," said Mrs Mahoney, "it's gettin' late, and you're betther. rise and come home, the poor chilther will be crying." " 0, it's seldom you come out, Peggy, and you needn't be in such a great hurry," said Patsy. "Well, iiideed, observed Mrs Kilmartin, "it's time ye had enough drank now,-and inthe nanie o' God let us go home while we have daylight; do, Tom, dear, rise and come with'us.;" " Yes, by and bye, Nelly, sit downi for another .it." " Sorra foot of us will lave this," said Robert 3arner, till we hear a little more about O'Con nell. Give us your flipper, Misther Farrell, and here's your health once more, drink to me," he :aid, still holding Farrell's hand with one of his, mnd extending him the glass with another, " drink downfall to the enemies of ould Ireland." " Amen, I say," echoed Farrell, emptying the glass; "amen, amen," repeated every voice, the females' included. " Do you ever see the news papers at all now, or can you tell us how poor Dan is gettin' on??" interrogated Robert. " O I can tell ye all about Mr O'Connell, but I never see a newspaper, and to tell ye the thruth, if I did itself, I wouldn't read one o' them, for they're all lies froin bottomn to top, I never read anything except the history of the New Testa ment or my prayer-book, or work a sum in Wasther, or some other good book of that kind; but any information I want I get id from Father Ned, and then I'm sure to be right, for, as the scripture says, the Church can't err in what she teaches; the Church, Mr Garner, is inspired by the Holy Ghost, .and for that reason a good Christian ought to: consult the priest in ever - thing he does; supposin', for instance, you re goin' to marry: well, you should say to the priest, ' Father Ned,' or Father Tom, or whatever his name might be, ' I'm goin' to marry such or such a girl, what do you think o' the match?' He'll say ' Very well,' or ' I don't like it at all;' well, whatever he says is thrue, and you'll have no luck if you don t do his bidding; or even supposin' you were only goin to put a patch upon a brogue, if you war a good christian, you should consult him. " God help me then, Misther Farrell, I never do that, but if I don't, I know who does though." " Oh, Mir Garner, I don't like to be flattered to my face," said Mr Farrell:modestly, holding down his head, and rubbing the table with his forefinger, " praising a person before his eyes is very dangerous, Mr Garner, it makes people think too much of themselves." " Oh, Misther Farrell," said Robert, "I don't mane you at all, it was Pether Murphy, in Kil kerrin, I was talkin about, they say that Pether wouldn't stick a plough in the ground till he axed Father Ned's advice, and Isn't it curious afther all, Misther Farrell, he's not a bit the richer for all that." " Oh, but he might be poorei may be, if it wasn't for the priest," argued Mr Farrell. "Faith that might be certainly," said Robert. " Do you think Father Ned untherstands brogue makin', Misther Farrell?" " Yes, in course, he understands every thing, and so does every priest in the living earth. Don't you know what the holy writings says?" "No," said Robert, taking off his hat in re verence, and placing it between his knees. "Why it says, ' once a priest, a priest for ever.'" " Well, Ill tell you what Father Ned told me and that no later than last Sunday, when I et my dinner with him, and we were drinkin a tumbler o' punch together, I says to him the same as you say to me now, ' Well, Father Ned,' says I. "' What do you think of O'Connell, does your reverence ever think he'll get the repale?' 'Do you see them boots!?' he says, looking down at his feet. -' Yes, your reverence, I do,' says I. ' They're on my legs, arn't they ?' says he. ' Yes your reverence,' says I, ' I think they are.' Well, says he, ' as sure as them boots are on my legs, and that's sure enough, so sure will O'Connell get the repale o' the Union.' Now, Mr Garner, them are the very words, that come out iv his own lips, as thrue as you're sittiri' there." " O, then, by Gorra War, he'll get it, at that rate," said Robert, with an air that put any further doubt out of the question. "" Well, here's to"Father Ned and to O'Connell both, and now," he said, as he,took up the pewter measure.to refill the glass, " now Misther Farrell, maybe you'd have no objection to hearing a verse iv a song." "Not the laste, Mr Garner, I like people to make fun and be merry, I laugh and joke mysel sometimes, like any body else, and so does the monks in Mountbellew. There's no sin in a bit iv merriment, ha, if you're to hear Brother Paul and me going on sometimes, whenever lie comes round gathering oats and.prayties, you'd break your sides laughin at us.; there we go on, pullin and draggin one another about like two tinkers, he calling me all the blind schoolmasters in the world, and I calling him all the impudent beg gars I could lay tongue to. Well then after we'd spend an hour and a half in a little pastime like that, one iv us would take .and read a chapther in the Docther Gallougher to the houseful of naybours that'd flock'in to hear us, or if we didin't do that, one of us would prach a sermon to them, while thother would smoke his pipe perhaps, or go on his knees and say five or six dukads, so as to be lessening the number of prayers by degrees before bed time, and when after that, sing a hymn or two perhaps in chorus." " Well now, I'll tell you, Misther Farrell," said Patsey Mohoney, "above all things in the world I don't like singin' hymns or psalms or whatever they may be called, bekase, as I'll tell you, I fancey there's too much o' the methodist way about id." " What way is that, Patsey," asked Robert. " Why didn't you ever hear the mothodists." "No, nor never saw one to my knowledge, what like a looking thing is a methodist ?" " They're men," said Patsey, " like you or I or any other man, something like these Bru nickers, that goes about singin and prachin', stuck on the top iv an old stan or barrel in the middle iv a fair, you might see them in-but no, there's none in Dunmore or yet in Tuam, but I'll tell you where you might see plenty-in Ballinasloe. " Well I never laughed so much as I did one day at the fair of Ballinasloe." And here the recollection of the occurrence he was about to relate had so affected Patsey, that he became convulsed with laughter, and some minutes had elapsed before he could utter a syl lable. "One day at the fair of Ballinasloe" he at length resumed, "one o' these fellows got a big cask, and put it standing close to where I was minding some sheep, and there he began to prach and sing away as loud as he could. I Yooked at him first and thought he was mad, and I looked again, and thought to mysel if he was mad in earnest, his clothes would be tore, or the bottom out iv his hat or something that way, the same as you'd see any other fool or madman that would be going about. But that wasn't the case, he had got clothes on, and was a dacent man enough to look at. Well there he got on, singin' away, and presently, a fellow comes up to mysel, and says ' what is that fool blathering about ?' Devil a one o"' me knows,' says I, ' I suppose his blackfuarding the peelers or something in that sorte -' Halleluiah, halleluiah,' says this fellow on top o' the stan, ' Oh, lie's a methodist pracher,' says this other fellow, ' wait a bit ahd may be I'll soon stop his bawling,' and away he ran, and I thought myself that they were all mad, every mother's son o'them. Well, bye and bye he came back again and says to mysel, ' you'll see a bit o'. nice fun, directly.' ' I hope so," says I, not knowing what was coming, ' Halleluiah,' sung out the methodist pracher again, and this fellow ups with a dead cat lie had unther his coat and lets fly at his head, giving him such a lick'across the face as knocked the poor pracher in the guther, and off hlie run, as if the,divil had him." ,And Patsey indulged in another fit of laughter, in which the company joined as heartily as himself, and all exclaimed, " carve him right, the imposter; satVe him right." " Yes," 'said' MAir Farrell, " it was sarving rifbt inudeed; for he was:as bad as "the publican of old." " The varmint was worse than any publican, old or new," said Robert Garner indignantly, S"publicans, why I consider publicans ar'ent a' bad sorte o'people at all, providin they keep good whiskey." " Ah, but it was the publican in the scripture that I was talking about Misther Garner," said the schoolmaster, a little displeased. " Oh, I beg a thousand pardons, Misther Farrell, I didn t think there was any publicans in the scriptures, and that's what made me make the remark," said Robert, "but tell us a little more about that preachin' publican you'r talkin about Patsey." " Oh never mind about the preacher," said Patsey, I thought you promised Misther Farrell a verse in a song, now he'll be vexed with you if you dont give it to him." " I wouldn't tell a lie for the world, Patsey, in regard to a song, whatever I might do about telling a fib consarning a bad pair o'brogues I might have on my hands; but a lie in such a case as this is all in the trade, you know, and a good lie is as necessary betimes in my line as good leather, but here goes for the song, company health's apiece." " Silence for the song," iterated many voices. " Silence it is," was echoed back, Robert coughed several times as if to clear away any impediment that might lurk in his thorax, when, after humming for a short time to ascertain the proper pitch or cadence of his voice, and some other important preparations, he, placing his elboiv on the table and resting his cheek on his hand, thus began: Let the huntsman praise his hounds, And the farmer praise his grounds The horn and the daisy-covered lawn; But we, happier far than they, Will drink while yet we may, And drain another cruiske n laune* Laune, laune, And we'll drain ano--- "i Stop, stop," vociferated MIr Farrell, "you're curst by the priest, you devil, you are." " Ohe, ohe," screamed the horror-stricken women, " ora Misther Farrell, acushla, what's that you say?" "The Lord bless and save us," said the men in one voice, "what do you mane at all?" "I mane," said Mr Farrell, with an air of solemnity, " I inane that song, or any body that sings it, is curst, curst from the altar out o'the priest's own lips." " And," said Robert Garner, who was so horrified by the dreadful announcement as to be unable to change the position he put himself in, when about to sing, and up to the present moment was unconscious of every person, thing, and sound about him, except the direful words of "you're curst by the priest!" which fell on his ears with a more stunning effect than the loudest explosion of a train of artillery. " And sure," he at length entreatingly uttered, "you don't manethat I'm curst now, do you?' " The Lord help and forgive you, that's all I can say, "ejaculated Mr Farrell. " Can't you tell me what I done, or what's to become av me, or what the hell and damnation do you mane, at all," iterated Robert, half frantic, -" I never saw-I'm sure-I never saw a man in my life that wants to roast a man alive like you.; here you keep me in a daldrum, and doesn't know the divil what I'm to do, and afther all you wvon't say a word. " Well, have patience,"' remonstrated Mr Farrell, half afraid that Robert would resort to violence, "" have patience, and I'll tell you.every word about id.' Th'other night, when 'Father William Burke, o' Glannamadu, was coming home from a wedding, about twelve o'clock, a big tall man stepped out from-behind- the ditch, and walked on before him on the road, and began to sing the Cruiskeen Laune, when Father William saw him, lie sung out "hoy," and told him stand 'till he'd come up with him; but no, the sthranger took no notice iv him, but singin away as .usul, growing bigger and bigger every step he walked the more he sung the bigger he grew, until at last he was as big as any castle you ever saw. Well, Father William saw what sorte he was immediately, and he throtted his horse to come up to him, and. question him, but he couldn't get up with him 'till he came to a cross road, and when:this big man came to cross-" "AAh the cross, the blessed cross!" exclaimed Robert, " may the cross o' Christ be about us all, Nothing can go beyant the cross, Misther Farrell." " Cross-roads are very often cross and quarrel some places enough, for all that," observed Tom Kilmartin. "Well it's not the cross that's to be blam't for that, Tom, but the people that's on id," re turned Robert. " At any rate," resumed the schoolmaster, " when this big man, this giant as you might say, came to the cross-road, he goes into a house that was there, where he heard a man and wife fight ing and scolding one another. Well id all went on very well, until the priest rapped at the doore, and the man axed 'Who'se there?' 'It's me,' says the priest, ' I'm Father William, open the door and let me in.' So when he came in, he looked about him and axed the man o' the house, if there was era sthranger in the place. 'No,' says they. ' There is not, Father William.' ' Was there any person .come in here for the last half hour ?' says Father William, and they said ' No there wasnot.' ' Ye've been fighting havn't ye,' says the priest, and they hung down theirheads through shame, in course, as any other couple would that was guilty o' the likes. ' Come,' says the priest, ' tell me at once, it's no use in denyin id.' ' Well,' says the husband, ' I believe it's no use in denyin id, for you seem to know id afore. We war fightin sure enough.' ' And what is the cause o' you're fighting,' says the priest. ' Why then I'll tell you that, says the wife, 'since you axed me Father William, it's bekase I havn't any chilther, and I have no pace, night or day wid him on that account.' ' HIa !' says Eather William, ' I thought there was somethin in id, well now,' he says, ' the divil is among ye somewhere or nother, Mrs So-and-so, count yer hins and see if there's any more on the roost than yer own,' so the woman took a candle and counted her hins, and- sure enough, as thrue as the priest said id, there was a sthrange hin, a big, gibbach (clumsy) one, so the priest took out his still (stole) and the mass-book out iv his pocket, and put the still round his neck and began to read, and whin lie read a little bit, down flew the big hin off the roost and stood before him, and by and bye, according as he kept reading, the hin began to get larger, and throwing off her feathers, and becoming like a man as he was before, until at last he stood upright like flesh and blood before the priest, and then Father William questioned him. ' What are you ?' says the Priest. 'I'm the divil,' says he. 'And what brought you here,' says the priest, again. 'I like to be where there's a man and wife quar relling,' says le. ' Well, you must go to hell,' says the priest. ' Well, that's nothing, if I do,' says he, ' that's where I came from,' and out he flew in a spark of fire through the chimney, * Cruiskeen laune is an Irish word, which may be said to signify, a full pitchser; properly speaking, however, pitcher is not the literal translation of cruiskeen, as the former means an earthenware vessel used for carrying water in, while the latter is a small metallic one with indents or contussions on the sides and bottom, and is igenerally used for measuring spirits with. In tophors' phrase a'brimming measure, screamingflike a divil as 'he was, and cursing the priest as he went, telling him he might mind his own business, and never mind his. So after that the man and his wife never quarrelled again for fear the divil might come among them; so the` next Sunday Father William cursed the Crdiskeen Laune from the altar, or any one that'd sing id." " And what do ye think I'm best do now," said Robert Garner. " Well,.I know it's cause o' confession at a ny rate," said the schoolmaster, " and youre betther go to Father Ned as soon as you can, and maybe he'll forgive you." Robert Garner promised to do so, and as the company were too much startled by this news to enjoy any more merriment, they all left and pro ceeded home. 