THE IRRATIONAL DEFENCES. " He not too exquisite " To cast the fashion of uncertain evils." Milton. About three weeks ago it was revealed to the public that there was extant a terrible letter from the Duke of Wellington to somebody, showing that the country was at the mercy of the French, and that it might be taken any day or any night by a coup de main, for want of 10,000 additional regular troops and 150,000 militia. A writer for whom we have a great esteem, who contributes to the daily press under the signature of "P." (the initial either of Popgun or Panic) divulged this tale of terror, gracing it with decent horror. The alarm was of course taken by half the public, for alarm is always popular, and John Bull is ever ready to be frightened out of his wits, unless he happens to perceive that at the same time he is very likely to be frightened out of his money. The gist of the horrible discovery that has been made is this, that in a time of profound peace we are not in the state of preparation that would be suitable to war. The Frenchman's advice as to carrying an umbrella was, " When it is fine always carry an umbrella ; when it rains do as you like." The counsel as to defences is analogous. In profound peace, keep up your defences as if all the world were in arms against you. In war, reduce them if you please. An excellent effect of this system would be that war, whenever it should happen, would differ in cost very little from peace and, therefore, people would cease to regard it with such extreme repugnance. Indeed, when England and France have raised works, planted cannon, and enrolled vast forces against each other, the feeling will probably arise that such preparations should not be made for nothing, and that it will cost very little more bloodshed only excepted, to make use of them, and turn them to that profitable com- modify glory. The type of ancient wisdom, Ulysses, thought it prudent to banish arms from an amicable meeting, saying, the sight of the iron tempts the man. The maxim, if you would be at peace be prepared for war, wants emendation ; it should run, if you would be at peace, pay the full price of war. If you would live on good terms with your neighbour, keep a blunderbuss in your window loaded with slugs to the muzzle, ready to do execution upon him in the event of trespass. Such preparations tend wonderfully to cordiality and a good understanding that is, the understanding of mutual distrust and of mutual alacrity for throat-cutting. Six years ago we were laughing at the French for fortifying Paris. Lord John Russell has felicitously defined a good proverb, as the wisdom of many and the wit of one. The fortification of Paris was the folly of many and the craft of one. But what is now demanded in sober England is not the fortifica- tion of a city, but that of the whole coast board. We are to shut ourselves, like the Chinese, within a frontier wall. One says, if a war should break out what is to become of Brighton another takes the alarm for Worthing ; another sees Bognor sacked ; another contemplates the ravages of Ramsgate and there are folks who look to the burning of dirty, swampy, unhealthy, misplaced Sheerness in the light of a calamity to be averted at the expense of some hundreds of thousands, though no enemy could be wished worse than the occupation of it. Si colum runs is the irresistible argument. Your " if" was once a great peace- maker, but " is now is the maker of all the muniments of war. Possible risks are pointed out ; but how is it practicable for men or communities to go through the world without possible risks ? Prudence diminishes risks up to a certain point, but does not attempt the absurdity of excluding them altogether. In every act of life we take our chance of dangers more or less remote, preferring the chance to the sacrifices attending the avoidance. An individual that guarded against all possible dangers would have no fire, lest he should be burnt ; would not stir out of his house, lest he should be run over, or have his brains beaten out with a chimney pot ; would not sleep, lest robbers should surprise him not eat, lest a hasty morsel should choke him. Nations, like individuals, cannot make sure against all contingencies, and take the part of wisdom in leaving to the chapter of accidents provisions and precautions too large and costly for the chapter of prudence. Protection is an excellent thing, but it is quite possible to pay for it more than it is worth. As the mealy-faced ghost of Gaffer Thumb rises in the burlesque, predicting all sorts of horrors to King Arthur, to Lord Ellesmere appears in The Times, warning this unhappy country of its frightful insecurity, and what must happen to it if the French should some fine day happen to land 50,000 men " Awake, arise, or be for ever fallen !" is the motto of his lord- ship's fce-fa-fum epistle, to which we should reply, changing a word of the old epigram " he still if you're wise, You'll be taxed if you rise," Lord Ellesmere has made the notable discovery "That for a considerable period, of which it is difficult to fix the precise commencement, the instinct, of self-preservation has been in abeyance and sus- i pension in this country." I To spend no more than £16,000,000 or £17,000,000 yearly in soldiers and sailors, is evidence of the suspension of the instinct of self-preservation. Assuming the fact to he so, a blessed thing has been the alley- ! ance for here we are in safety after all, and having saved some of 30,000,000 or £40,000,000, which the instinct of self-preservation, in the superabundant activity Lord Ellesmere would give it, would have cost us since the peace in unnecessary forces. There is no question that steam navigation has afforded new facilities to aggression, but Lord Elles- mere very much overrated the advantage it would give to France in the event of war. " We have ceased to be an island ; we have ap- proximated in the opinion of all observing and reflecting men to the condition of a continental state." If the channel has dwindled to a ditch, this much is certain, that the French swim their boats very badly in it. Their steamers are continually meeting with disasters. They cannot go from port to port without some distress from the most lubberly bungling. In the late gale the King's yacht had to make the short passage from Havre to Cherbourg. To do this she was taken in tow by a man-of-war steamer in the teeth of a rising gale. The strain upon the towing vessel of course soon disabled her, and obliged her to bear up, which she did so cleverly as to leave the yacht adrift without either sail or steam, and she lay tossing and tumbling about like a log. The vessels saw no more of each other, and the yacht was next heard of in the Downs. This is no unfair sample of French 'Skill in steam navigation. The history of their attempts to cross the Atlantic demonstrates still more strongly their miserable comparative inefficiency. But,iupposing'a fleet of steamers to bear an army to our coasts, the difficulty of a landing is always overlooked, and the diserabarcation of a large body of mèn|is talked about as if it were as easy a thing as the proceeding of passengers quietly stepping out of a vessel to a quay ; but they who have seen the disembarkation of even a brigade, and in a friendly country, know that the operation is not so simple and expeditious, especially if it be performed in boats. One ally of ours, whose force is always unnoticed, is sea-sickness to which the French are more liable than any other people; and 60,000 shipped heroes would, upon landing, be 50,000 Wretched helpless invalids, nauseating even glory. But armies of 6000 men are not to be concentrated in a day or a week, nor can they come upon us like a thief in the night. They must have a fleet to transport them, and such a fleet has yet to be provided. It will be time enough to think of augmenting our army when we see the French preparing and manning the steam ships to throw theirs on our coast. Confident we are that we shall find soldiers sooner than they will find ships and sailors-the indispensable machinery for invasion. We are sorry to see some assertions thrown out in Lord Ellesmere letter which will be greedily accepted in France and which are as little calculated to discourage any propensity to aggression that may exist as to do honour to the English character. " If the French were to appear at one end of London, the wisest movement the Guards could make would be to march out at the other. For the rest three howitzers would be sufficient, and the Lord' Mayor would soon be busy with the details of billets, and whatever contribution might be accepted as a commutation for indiscriminate plunder. " Let them come, I often hear it said they will never return. Don't let them come, I say ; but, if they do, let them return as soon as they can be induced to do so I really do not see why they should particularly wish it. In the present state of this country 50,000 Frenchmen would find England as sale and pleasant a domicile as any in which the soldiers of Napoleon ever luxuriated." The homely proverb says, " It is a dirty bird that fouls its own nest." If England were as weak and spiritless as represented, it would be as well not to divulge so degrading a fact inviting to aggression, but we thoroughly believe that foul injustice is done to the courage and patriotism of the population. It is true that we are not a military people, but an immense proportion of men are skilled in the use of fire-arms from sporting habits; and circumstances which depressed the spirits of the country during the period when Napoleon threatened invasion, have since given place to others inspiring confidence. Up to the time of the Peninsular campaigns a notion prevailed of the invincibility of the French arms ; the prestige of success was against us; Englishmen thought themselves doomed to be worsted by land ; but now the prestige is the other way, and raw levies would go to the field to fight, for home at least, with as much confidence as the raw levies in the Guards' uniform marched to the field of Waterloo. This country, with its mighty energies, must be as capable of self-defence as it proved capable of every other feat and duty. While deprecating demands for defence propor- tioned to exaggerated fanciful alarms, we are far from concurring in Mr. Cobden's opposite argument for a reduction of establishments. "Est modus in rebus, tunt corti Monique fines, Qnos ultra extradite acquit consistent) rooting." For present exigencies our army and navy are not larger than necessary, and it must be sometime before the interests springing out of extended commercial relations can enable us to dispense with any of our defensive powers. As the slender roots of grasses knit the surface of banks and give them stability, so free trade will bind together the particles of interest forming the great dykes of peace ; but the growth requires time, and meanwhile other appliances for security cannot prudently be withdrawn. Indeed we see more reason for adding to our means of defence, short of extravagance, than for reducing them, and should be glad to see the force and efficiency of our steam navy augmented and also some system adopted like that of the French National Guard, instructing the people in the use of arms, and practising them in the manoeuvres by which bodies move with order and precision. A day's drill now and then could be no great hauUhip to people between the ages of 18 and 50 and of 10 of the men so trained were only equal to one regular soldier in efficiency, the result with such numbers would be an important consideration for an enemy meditating invasion. Examiner. 