LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. The Charter of Incorporation, at length granted to the South Australian Banking Company, has rendered complete the commercial status of that highly respect «!»!-» accrvMatinn Thp annnnnrpment reached the Ade laide Manager. Edward Stephens, &sq..; in one 01 uu. ?despatches brought to him by the recent arrivals. Great complaints have reached us respecting the sailing of the steamer Juno, on her trip to Sydney, on Saturday last. It would appear that the passengers were ordered on board by ten o'clock in the morning, at which hour a number of intending passengers were as sembled on the wharf ; but,lo! the steamer had disap peared. She had, it seems, left the wharf at eight o'clock, and by ten was reposing quietly somewhere about Snapper Pcintor the Lightship. The passengers were in a fix, not knowing what to do, as it was not ?clear to them where the steamer was. The boatmen, who are ever on the alert to make the most of a pressing .opportunity, were determined not to be behindhand on this occasion, and various exorbitant sums were asked and obtained to take the disappointed passengers on board. A certain clever limb of the law, who arrived rather late, presuming, perhaps, that the movements of the steamer would be as tardy as the law, was asked four pounds for his passage to the steamer, which was ?stoutly refused, but after a good deal of haggling an offer of a triflle less was accepted One passenger, with his wife and family, who intended going to Port Phillip, not being able or willing to pay such an exorbitant sum, lost his passage and his passage- money. It is sincerely to be hoped that such a mistake will be guarded against in future; for should the tide serve earlier than expected, and the steamer consequently be obliged to start before her time, surely some means should be provided by the agents to enable the passengers to get on board, and not be allowed, after they have paid their fares, to become a prey to a set of rapacious boatmen, who care little, if anything, for the convenience of their reluctant cus tomers.— A somewhat similar complaint has reached us from Portland, where, on her last trip, after landing her mail and passengers, the Juno proceeded at once to pro secute her voyage, without stopping for many passen gers who were waiting on the jetty, in the dead of night. 'The execrations against the commander, when this became known,' says the Editor of the Portland Guar dian, ' were not loud, but in many instances were deep ; and the disappointment which most experienced was pnngent and grievous In two cases families had sold their furniture; given up their employment; and having delivered up the keys of their houses, were left forlorn to find a habitation in the middle of the night where best they could. In other cases, parties had come from the Glenelg, and Mount Gambier, and various park of the bush to join the steamer; and after waiting her arrival, and being ready for instant embarkation, with out any act of theirs, the only consolation afforded them was to witness her capricious departure.' — We have a word to say on another point We hope the deserved popularity of the Juno steamer will not be tarnished by her attaining a sobriquet somewhat akin to 'the bolters' clipper.' It is said that a colonial defaulter was ' uplifted' by her many miles from the Port, without a Custom-house clearance or any other preliminary en dorsement used by 'good men and true.' Irrespective of the heavy penalties they are incurring, we would strongly recommend the owner and commander of the Juno, as they value their chances of prosperity and their claims to respectable patronage, to set tneir faces against any such dangerous not to say disreputable ir regularities; otherwise there will be no security to so ciety or to the colonial commerce of these colonies. It is expected that the boiling-down establishment of Messrs Elder and Wark, at the Port, will commence operations in about three weeks. Already some six or eight trying-pots are erected, as well as extensive enclo sures for the sheep and cattle. We undeistand it is the intention of Captain Kersopp, of the Juno steamer, to purchase a couple of sections adjoining that of the South Australian Company, as above, for the same purpose. The people of the Port are already looking forward to cheap legs of mutton, which will be retailed, we hear, at sixpence each. Such is the scarcity of lawyers ' at the Swan,' that Mr Sherratt has actually made the voyage to this pro vince, chiefly with a view to engage an equity barrister to return with him and prosecure a suit which no gen tleman in the profession, there, is willing or able to un dertake. If we correctly remember, it was the Goose that laid the golden eggs, and not the Stcan ; and if the present lack of lawyers in the Western province maybe accounted for in some such way, we can only remark that if the learned gentlemen have lost everytliing else, it is plain they have preserved their nous. The increase of business in Adelaide apparently con strains our auctioneers to the adoption of unwonted hours. At four o'clock on Monday afternoon, Mr Hailes (for Mr Neales, who had already officiated, at the usual hour, on the premises of Mr Stakemann) held a sale of land at North Adelaide The allotments offered were portions of acres 974 and 975. The company, pro bably owing to the very brief notice given, was the re verse of numerous; and, strange to 6ay, those splendid frontages to the Park Land and River, with their com manding view of the ' everlasting hills,' remained unsold. The inferior, because back, allotments shared a better fate ; most of them being sold at an average of about IOs ? per foot frontage to private streets. In every instance .they were bought by parties who propose building thereon immediately. We understand that after the sale there was a rush of late arrivals for the superior .-allotments, or park frontages ; and, as the payments are ?extended over a period of twelve months, we trust we shall soon have to congratulate our fellow-colonists on the appearance of a line of substantial cottages in that rmost rural portion of the city of Adelaide. On the evening of the 31st ultimo , Mr Henry Wat- son, of the Third Creek, had, unfortunately, his leg broken on the Gawler Plains, by the wheel of his dray passing over it. The leg was set by Dr. Coates, of Gawler Town, and the patient is doing well. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide has purchased from the **South Australian Company, 30 acres of land, at £30 per acre, in the vicinity of the Hackney Nursery. The site is elevated, convenient, and healthy, and being within the municipal limits, is in every way suita . ble for a commodious episcopal domain, and, upon the .whole, not dear. ' The long talked of match between Mr Malcolm's 'Gift and Mr Barnett's Post-boy, mile and a half heals, 'for £ 1 00 a-side, comes off to-day on the race- course, and a fine race is anticipated. The horses start between the hours of two and three. On visiting the Exchange a day or two 'ago, our -attention was attracted to a collection of specimens ?from a lode of considerable size, opened in section 1700, South Para district. The section was purchased at the last Government Land Sale by the Diirectors of the Enterprise Mining Company, and if the specimens .aJuded to do not vouch for the existence of a very valuable copper lode, we can only say they will tempt many connoisseurs to yisit the property; and we shall greatly mistake if such yisits do not produce a very favourable impression as to the real value of the Com \- pany's shares. Our opinion is quite disinterested, but it is nevertheless strong, and we may add favourable in no small degree. The foundation-stone of the NewCathoiie School and Temperance Hall, was laid on the 25th January, by the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, in the west end of Franklin street. We asserted, confidently, the other day, in reference to the Emma Sherratt's affair, that Mr Owen would soon return, and vindicate himself from the imputations so incautiously cast upon him during his protracted absence, as well as assert his commercial right in refer -ence to the vessel, of which he owned a moiety even before his departure. The result has shown that we formed a proper estimate of Mr Owen's character ; for though it had been industriously circulated by a certain party that he was a fraudulent and an unprincipled man; and that having cheated the colonists and dis honoured his acceptances, he was not likely again to make his appearance in this dolony, yet, singularly enough; whilst the police kept watch upon the ill-fated vessel, in awful dudgeon, Mr Owen, though very unlike the ghost of Hamlet's father, makes quite as sudden a visitation, and the celebrated colloquy, slightly tra vestied; would very well apply. Arm'd say you? Arm'd my lord. From top to toe?' ' My lord, from head to foot. Wore he his beaver up ? And did it shine? Not very much, . It was a four-and-nine. But seriously, Mr Owen assures us, he is prepared to vindicate himself completely, and determined to do so; if it cost him his last shilling. As a proof that he is in right good earnest we may state that by virtue of an order from the Vice-Admiralty Court of this Province, he has prevented the unqualified departure of the Emma Sherratt, as intended by Messrs. Younghusband & Co., and has also, commenced an action against that firm for libel and defamation, laying his damages at £1,000 A train of actions are likely to follow this primary suit, after the ensuing civil sittings. On Thursday last, whilst Dr. Cotter was riding at a sharpish pace, past the police barracks, his horse shied at some bullocks, and threw him on some finty stones, with which the road was being macadamised, inflicting several severe, but fortunately not dangerous wounds on his face and forehead. The Doctor placed himself under the care of Dr. Smith, and we were happy to learn, yes terday, that he was sufficiently recovered to see a few of his patients. At the Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Friday last, William Wyatt Esq., coroner, held an inquest on the body of Jo seph Dobson, livery stable keeper, at the port The jury after hearing the evidence of Mr Risely, landlord of the Half-way-House, returned a verdict ot ' Accidental death by falling out of a gig while in a state of intoxi cation.' . On Sunday, last St. George's Church, in the ham let of Woodforde, near Makgill, was opened and consecrated by his Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, assisted bv the Reverend Archdeacon Hale, Rev the Colonial Chaplain, and the Rev. Mr Wilson. The Bishop preached in the forenoon and Mr Wilson, in the afternoon. The Church accommodates about two hundred and fifty persons, and was crowded to the door by a very respectable congregation. The Bishop preached from Hebrews xi., 8, 9, 10 ; and pointed out in a most impressive discourse, incidents in the life of Abraham the Father of the Faithful, while he sojour ned in a far country, which was to him a land of promise, an example to them who were in like circumstances. We were much delighted with the Bishop's style of preaching; it is extremely simple, and though he does not use notes, faultless in the enuncia tion His discourse was also seasoned and illustrated by numerous passages from Scripture, selected with ad mirable taste, and was delivered with such fervour and earnestness as to show that his heart is in his work. He is evidently destined to prove a blessing to the Church in this colony. A collection was made at the conclusion of the services, which amounced to the sum of £26 10s, the largest, we believe, that has been made at the opening of any country Church. — South Australian. 