MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. ELECTION OF THE ARCHBISHOP OF YORK, j -On Wednesday, in pursuance of her Ma- ; jesty's writ of " ronge d'elire," the Dean and Chapter of York proceeded to elect an arch bishop. The proceedings commenced at ten o'clock in the forenoon, when the members of the chapter, appearing in their robes, took their respective stalls in the choir of the Cathedral, which was much crowded by persons wishing to witness the ceremony. Divine service was cemmenced at the above hour, when the Kev. . W. Metcalfe chanted the Litany, and the'hymn, ' " Come, Holy Ghost," was afterwards sung. A procession of the members of the chapter and ! the vicars-choral, headed by the choir, was then formed to the chapter house, which soon became filled to excess. The following clergy j were present, viz. :-Members of the chapter, the Rev. W. H. Dixon, canon residentiary ; the Rev. Canon Hawkins; the Venerable Arch deacon Churton; the Rev. Canon Trevor ; the Rey. Canon Johnstone; the Rev. (.anon G. TJixon; the Rev. Canon Coates; the Rev. Canon Cooke ; the Rev. Canon Croft ; the'Hon. and Rev. Canon Duncombe; the tiev. Canon Hotham; the Rev. Canon Barnes; the Rev. Canon Wrightson ; and the Rev. Canon Sharp. Vicars-choral-the Rev. Dr. Steadman; the Rev. E. J. Raines ; the Rev. W. Metcalfe ; the Rev. W. Pulmer; .and the Rev. W. H. Old field. The Uev. W. H. Dixon, canon-residen tiary (in the absence of the Very Rev. the Dean) presided, and the proceedings were commenced by the# apparitor exhibitiag the original citations, and making oath of the due execution thereof. The apparitor then went to the inner door of the chapter-house and called the members of. the chapter, the absentees being pronounced contumacious by th» presi dent. These proceedings having been gone through, the writ of congé d'élire, authorising the dean and chapter to proceed to the election of an archbishop, and the Queen's letter, re commending the Right Rev. Dr. Musgrave to be them elected, was read by Mr. G. A. Thi&pton;, the registrar. The ceremony of the ele&on; then took place» and the president and canons present having signified their assent to the election of Dr. Mus grave, such consent was reduced to writing, and having been read waar duly s|gnified by the president. The election having been completed, the president theapub f lished it in the nave of the cathedral, and on I the return to the chapter house it was decreed, that the election be signified and certified to the Queen, and also to the Archbishop-Elect, and proctors were appointed for that purpose. A procession was then again formed, and the chapter returned to the choir. When they came to the west door of the choir, the presi dent again published the election, addressing those in the nave. The members of the chap ter then took their stalls, and the " Te Deum" was sung, the president giving out the first words. The prayers for the Queen and clergy were then said, and the service being concluded, the chapter again returned to the chapter house, when the necessary instruments were publicly read and decreed to be sealed, and the chapter having adjourned to the vestry for that purpose, they were sealed with the common seal. This completed the ceremony of electing the Archbishop of York. -"Doncaster Ga zette." DIFFERENCE OF KNOCKS.-Yoa would not ima gine a knocker was au instrument capable of much expression upon first thoughts ; hat yet its gamut of feelings, from the bass of assurance to the treble of indecision, is as clearly marked and distinct in its sound as the whole range of musical notes. For there is the thundering knock of j independence, the giver of which cares no more for you than if you were under the rapier; and the presuming knock of the one who does look up to yoa, but don't wish you to think so ; and the social knock that sounds, somehow or other, like a warm shake of the hand ; and the cold-blooded knock, that is like a shake of the hand also, but when you grasp four limp fingers. There is also a bold single knock that has you in its power, either with a bill, or parcel, or poor-rate ; and the mistrustful double one, that is undecided as to its position ; and the sharp hurried government summons of the postman ; and the apprehensive tap of the industrious mechanic, who leaves the steel pens, soap, and sealing-wax, which he will cali again for if you doa't purchase-a crouching knock, meant, of course, to reach one's servant's ears, but apparently auxious not to do so, for fear of offending them. And, worse than all, there ia the miserable sneaking tap-tap-or rather the tap with a faint echo -of the visitor, who you know will leave bis hat in the passage, and come with an apology for intruding on your time, taking it up with a weak story which will end in request ing some trifling assistance. This last is a knock of feeble minded imposition ; and ÍB always as« sociated with topless gloves, a buttoned-up coat, j and mueh rubbing of shoes.-Christopher Tad- j pole. SCIENCE AND THE CHURCH: THE THEORIES OF HERSCHEL AND LAPLACE.-We believe much of the antipathy which has been manifested, and of the incredulity which has prevailed, at least with a certain class of minds, with regard to this hy pothesis, have originated less in any clear and broad appreciation of its scientific merits or de- merits, than in its having been first promulgated by one with whom law was the only God, and its having been more recently interwoven with a scheme of creation in which law is the substitute for a present God. And for such the resolution of the nebulae, involving, as they deemed it to do, the entire overthrow of Laplace's scheme, has been rather a triumph of faith over scepticism than a simple expansion of knowledge and science. We believe the church were none the weaker, and the world all the better, if the faith of the church were more fearless, especially with regard to physical science and its discoveries or speculations, than it has often shown itself to be it it were better content to leave Him who creates and sustains to determine the time, the order, the procession, the sensible modes of his working, and to accept, though it should be from the atheist or the materialist, whatever they shall discover or wisely conjecture with regard to these, reserving it to itself to infuse all these discoveries with that presence of " Him who is invisible," which its faith can alone truly discern. Laplace's specula tion is no more essentially atheistic, or tending towards that faithless faith, than is any other speculation or discovery in physical science. Let his planetogeny carry us back far as it may, and the astrogeny of Herschel bear us up to a far earlier epoch still, there still precedes this begin ning, " In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth," and the long eras of fixed evolu tion and defined and continuous succession but embody the extension of that creative act, and continue the revelation of the creative will, as the will that arranges, completes, and sustains.- ' British Quarterly Review. j How TO FRIGHTEN . FEROCIOUS ANIMALS. - ' " They tell me," said Stephen, " if you stoop down, put your head between your knees, and look backwards to a wolf, or a bear, or a tiger, or what not, nothing in the world dire face it. It will scare the devil will a man's face upside down. Particularly if you eau go like a horn ; for music is what they can't stand any how ! Sae, this is the way,'* and he suited the action to the word, put himself in the extraordinary attitude, and made a capital imitation of the sound of a conch sbell, as blown at all the farm-houses ia the country, to call the people who are in the fields home to their dinner. The third rehearsal was followed by just such a yell as he describes him» self tu have uttered when the ghost seized him by the neck, so loud, so clear, and so appalling, that it was evident it was not designed as an imi tation, but as a manifestation of fear or of pam. In a moment we were all upon our feet, and really the sight was a most alarming one. A little bull terrier of old Neal's, that lay under ; the table, seeing this extraordinary being in ! trading upon his domain and defying him to ; combat, accepted the challenge, and seized him by the nose, and it was not witnout great difficulty he was choked off, aud expelled from the room. Stephen was badly cut, but not dangerously, and he bore it like a man. After order was a little ; restored, Miss Lucy said, " Now. Mr. Richardson, i you have obtained your wish. Ton have got the I mark of truth stamped upon you a second time, j Tour veracity is engraved on both sides. Suppose the gentleman tells us the story of the wolves ?" . "Ob.! them cursed bulldogs!" said Stephen, j whose voice was nearly stifled by a wet cloth held | to his nose ; " those bulldogs are an exceptioa to ! ' all rules. They Biu't afraid of mau or devil ; but 1 I'll bet my life on that trick if it was tried on a j wolf."-" Life in a Colony, by Sam Slick." j AN Ice MOUNTAIN. - De S met, an English missionary, in writing to the Freeman's Journal, from Oregon, says-" Not far from the place of our encampment, we found a new object of sur. prise and admiration-an immense mountain of pure ice, 15JO feet high, enclosed between two enormous rocks. So great is the transparency of this beautiful ice, that we can easily distinguish objects in it to the depth of more than six feet. One would say by its appearance, that in some sudden and extraordinary swell of the river, im« mense icebergs had been forced between these rocks, and had piled themselves on one another, so as to form this magnificent glacier. From the base of this gigantic iceberg the river Trou takes ita rise.-" Mechanics' Magazine." A young American clairvoyant, named Davis, has just completed a book, which, it is gravely said, he has been engaged in dictating for the last two years, while in the mesmeric sleep. It ia entitled "The Principles of Nature." It pro pounds a new theory of the universe, by which i matter is made the origin of mind ! SHARP REBUKE.-A gentleman introduced an infidel friend to a minister, and remarked that he never attended public worship. " Ah," said the minister, " I am almost tempted to hope you are bearing false witness against your neighbour." " By no means." said the infidel, " for 1 always spend Sundays in settling accounts." The mi nister immediately replied^"You will find, sir, that the day of judgment will be spentm me same manner." It is said that a yoong lady who greatly admires General Taylor's epistolary style, lately received a letter from a sweetheart, inquiriog if she would have bim, and that she immediately replie I, ia the lan« goageof her hero's answer to Santa Anua, " Come, «nd take me.*'-American Paper. I ETHERISATION OF BEES.-Acting on the hint j suggested by the experiments of a French naturalist, j a gentleman of Great M arylebonë-street has con I trived an apparatns for etherising bees, which does its work without the least trouble. The bees a-e at first much agita'ed, then stupified. and fall to the ground, when they may be handled with im* ptmity. The effect is produced in little more than a mir.ute and a half. A SITE TO HAKE ANGELS WEEP.-Trafalgar square which could boast, some five years ago, of having ''the finest site in Europe." is so ashamed of having its site disfigured, and beiug a public eyesore, that it intends to petition Parliament to put it out of its misery at once, and to make it a blind alley.-Punch. [ With submission to Punch, Tiafalgar-square is not a public eyesore; but the finest public place in London, however far short of what it might have been.-ED. Glohe.] THE DEAD CHILDREN OF THE POOR IN LIS* BON.-We paid another visit to the cathedral, to look at St. Vincente's monument, which we had not observed before. Nor must I omit to note two dead infants, which we saw carelessly laid on a sort of stone shelf or projection, behind the altar. They were dressed neatly, in white muslin caps, coloured cotton frocks, and white pinafores, as if just taken out of the cradle in their mother's cot tage. I insisted upon it that they were wax chil dren. Mr -, who had been accustomed to such sights, assured me ihey were dead infants-" an* gels," as they call them, and consider them-left there for burial ; still I could not help be ng scep tical. The clasped hands of both-clasped and resting on the bosom-were so like wax hands ! beautifully moulded, certainly, for they seemed conscious that they were not merely clasped but clasping. Yet there was in the countenance of one of these " angels" a painful expression, which might have convinced me the child had Jived, and that it had died in a convulsive agony. On visiting the cathedral early next morning, we saw in the same place, from which the two others had been removed, three more waxen looking infants. There could be no longer any doubt that they had been living flowers, '* no sooner blown than blasted." These are children of the poor people, who are j allowed to leave then for Christian burial without charge. -A Fem months Residence in Portugal. j How A WIFE WAS WON AND LOST.-A curious circumstance occurred in Newport last week, which we record as a practised lesson to all naught; boys of twenty-nine or thirty, who dare think foi themselves at ihat coldish age, and pretend to bc men enough for matrimony. Thus it fell out. OE Wednesday morning. Captain Banks of the Carle ton. from London, with the boldness of a jack tar, presented himself at St. Woilo's altar, with t I blooming lady who had just pnt off widow's weedi to become a bride. Here, after some tittle dela; they were regularly "spliced" by special license and having dui? feed the officials, away the happ] party steered to mine Host Magub's of the Com mercial Inn, near the dock, there to spend the day &c.; The flags waved gaily on board the Carleton that morning the hands were all put on double and treble grog allowance, and a «splendid bre&kfas; and happy party were to be found at the inn. "AH went merry as a marriage bell," as saith the poet and when night approached, the blushing brid« hastened to her chamber to await the coming c her liege lord. No* the worthy bridegroom, albei an abstemious young man, was this night induce* to prolong his stay with hi* friends, just to tak< "one glass more." Fatal delay! The *' verj glass" was at his lips, when a voice at the doo: pronounced his name, and desired h ~~in another apartment. It was verily the napp] bridegroom's mother, who had come down on th« wings of maternal solicitude, not to bid her soi good cheer, and to smile upon his marriage, but ti interpoie her stem commands between her son anc his happiness, in fact to prevent the marriage o " her boy " Did he resist, and lock the old ladj up for a few hoars? Did he say, "Mother, I an of age, and can answer for myself?'* Nay, sorn we are to record, the expectant bride was deserted and the suo.tussive boy of thirty years of age wa led away by his mamma, and made a prisoner o: board bis own ship, with an intimation that t> should either resign his wife or »hip. We do nc know how the point has been decided.-Monmout Merlin. A SINGULAR SWISS SECT.-The sect of the Lat donitesoriginated at Y»erdun, in Switzerland, aboi the same time that that of the Irving ites made il appearance in London. A close resemblance sub sisted between these two sects, in all their leadin features, and I cannot but think that an authenti account ot them, as we i as of some conramnitic neatly similar, which arose at the same period i different parts of Germany, in Sweden, and i France, would form a valuable contribution to th history of epidemic insanity. Like the Irvingitei the Lardonites boldly took in hand the interpietaiic of >he unfulfilled prophecies; loudly denounced a the rest of Christendom as apostate and drunke with the wine of Babylon; declared themselvc raised up to be the messengers of one last warnie to mankind before the coming of the day of judi ment ; professed to be governed by apostles wt have their vocation by direct revelation froi heaven ; permitted women to speak in their mee ings, ami were proficients in the unknown tongue The Swiss enthusiasts, however, seem, to have bec a little crazier (or perh ips more hearty in the enthusiasm J than the English. They sent no le ters by post, because >U Paul always sent his 1 some brother or sister, such as Onesiphorus, < Tychicus, or Phebe. They burned a parcel < Cte s ir Malan's hymn-books at their apostle's fee b ¿cause the Ephesian converts did the like wi their books of magic. Being unable to perfo. eigus and wonders, and yet feeling that a miss:< suih as theirs ought not to be without that kind evidence, they resolved, with great straightforwar ness, to make signs and wonders of themsa lv< which the men effected by suffering their beards grow (on the principle that all Christians are N zarites), and the women, by wearing their hi over their faces in the manner of a veil, that bei the use for which, according to I Cor. xi 15, woman's hair is given ti her. There were eig Lardonites le t in 1837, when I was last in Swi zerland : they sat on a bench, with a table befo them, holding the last judgment, to which, ho ever, an unbelt ving world could not be got come.-Dublin University Magazine. A RUSSIAN BATH.- VVbiieatSika 1 took a bal which might be a very goad thing to those that li it. On entering the building. I was much oppress by the steam and heat, whUe au ill'looking lpn legged, stark-naked fellow was waiting to officie as master of the ceremonies. Having undressed an antechamber, so far as decency would perm I made my way into the bath room, which w heated almost to suffocation. Having thus got r into his power, the gaunt attendant threw soi water on the iron furnace, while to avoid, as far possible, tue clouds of steam there were taus rai* I squatted myself down on the floor, perspiring p fusely at every pore. I next seated myself oe bench, wai e bucket after bucket of hot water v thrown oa my head; and then, making me strel myself out, my tormentor soaped me all over fri head to foot, rubbing and lathering me with handful of pine tops. Once more taking the buck the horrid operator, kept drenching me, the succ sive pailfuls descending gradually from nearl; boiling beat to the temperature of fifty degre The whole process occupied about an hour. I tl returned to the ante chamber, where, after bei dried with hot towels, I wa« very g ad to put my clothes. It was impossible, however, to ms my escape immediately, for I was so relaxed as be obliged to rechne on a sofa for a quarter of hour ; and then I withdrew, inwadly resoli i never again to undergo such a castigation. -Nat tine of a Voyage round the World. I AN AMERICAN FAT LADV.-lt is said in if York paper, that there is a lady in Pulteneytowi awfully fat, that the carters grease their oatt wbi with har shadow. A PROBLEM FOB TH« PEOPLE.-Lent an i brella-to get it back aga ia.-Punch. IMPARTIALITY.-'' This is a very impartial coat for jabtice," said Sam, " there aiat a magist going as doa't commit himself twice as ofieo ai does other people." A REPENTANT HUSBAND !-I loved my wife much ai aojuody e-er did love a wife. For first t*o 'months I actually wanted to eat her and ever since thea I've been sorry I didn't. A LONG NIGHT.-He took me into a room that j had a carpenter's work bench in it, and tools, and j shavings, and what not, and then passed into a j place that had been a porch, and then into a nice, -snug, tidy bedroom, and putting down his ready made candlestick on a table,he bid me good night, and then went off to his own roost. Well, I takes two chairs, and puts them to the bottom of the stretcher, and hauls out the bed two foot or more -for no bedstead in a general way is long enough for me, and it ain't pleasant to hare your legs dan gling ont of bed-and then I turned in, took a good stretch out, and was asleep in no time. Well, , bein? in no hurry, and not intending to get up i early, I took a good long sleep, and, when I woke I up, r shoved out first one leg and then the other, to prove all was right in those distant parts : and then I drew a long breath to try if the ribs was tn the right place to home, after the trampling and kick ing of that ere confounded moose; and then I rubbed my eyes, and found it was still dark, so I turned round again, and took another famous nap. "Now,"says I to myself, "it'stime to be a stir, ring i" and I sot up in bed. and looked and looked, and all was dark as ink. " Steve," says I, " you are getting old. you may depend Once on a time you used to do your sleep into one long parcel, but now you are so tired, you don't rest sound, and have to content yourself with a piece at a time : it ain't day yet, try it again.'' Well, I tossed and turned, and rolled about ever so long, and, at last, I snoozed away again, and when that was over, I up and out of bed, and felt for the window, and looked out. and it was as dark as Egypt ; and then I put a hand to each cheek agin the g ass, and nearly flattened my nose agin the pane, and stared and stared, but there warn't a star or the least streak of light to be seen ; so bark I went to bed again, but I couldn't 6Íeep, no how I could work it, I had had enough, or was too tired ; but I don't like to give in till I can't help myself ; so I began to count one, two, three, fear, up to a hundred, and then back agin, one, two. tbree, four, and so on. but i t was no go. Then I fancied I was driving a flock of sheep over a notch in the fence, one by one. and when two got over the fence at once, I'd drive one of them back again ; but it did confuse me to sleep, and then 1 tried a rhyme : *' I wish I had a load of poles To fence my garden round. The pigs they do break in and root And all my saree confound." And then I chased a little black boar round and round the garden walka, till I grew dizzy, and slipt off into a good solid nap. Well, when this was over, I looked up, and still all was as dark as ever, and I got more tired of the bed than of the three day's moose-hunt ; so, thinks I, I'll get np and go to the keeping-room and light my pipe, and wait for day break ; but this is a most mortal long night, that's certain ; or, perhaps, I've got a cold, and can't see out of my eyes. Well, that idea did startle me, you may depend ; so I went to the win dow again, and looked through as hard as 1 could, till I strained my peepers out a'most, but no day break was there. " Perhaps it's a heavy land-fog," says I ; so 1 luted the sash, and, just as I was a popping my head out, I got a crack over the pate that actilly made the fire fly from my eyes, " Hallo!" says I, " what in natur is all this? let me think about ir. Where am I ? Am I in In crease Card's house ! What ails me, that I can't sleep ? or am I buried alive by an earthquake ? or has the sun fo got to get up this rnorniug ? or what in the world is to pay n<»w ? I'll try the door." Well, I opened the door, and felt all along out to the porch, and all along the wall to tue bouse door, when the light fell on me all of a sudden so daz zling bright it nearly blinded me, and made me wink like an owl. It was two o'clock in the day at the least, and the tun shining away as clear and as hot as iron melted to a white heat. The fact is. Increase had built an addition to the house, and had lathed and plastered outside of th« windows, j and hadn't yet cut fresh places in the end of the ! room for them, and it was again this new wall that I knocked my head. Well I didn't know whether to be mad or to laugh, but I didn't tee 1 had any one to be mad with but myself, and as I never laugh but at other folks. I didn't do neither one nor the other, but struck a light, went into the dark room, dressed myself, returned, and made a most royal dinner and breakfast all in one, shouldered a haunch of venison, and started for the settlements That was a most-a particular long night.-Life t« a Colony, hy Sam Slick. DOING THE PUB USU KU.-They found the jolly man amongst his advertising van6, superintending the pasting of some placards upon " The Gasper," which was going forth to the world on the morrow with a new speculation Bessy went up to Mrs Chi r pe y to have a talk, and nurse baby ; and Sprouts and the jolly man sat down together on a bit of timber. " Here's another failure getting ready," said the jolly man. " It can't stand ; for necessity has no legs as they say. Somebody else going in for ' the People.' Another news paper-H-oo-ray ! What a lot of friends the poor man will have." "What's this P" said Sprouts, reading the bill. A frying-pan and fire-irons. * " " Yes, that's it," said the jolly man. " Every subscriber for a month to * The Engine of the Masses/ is entitled to a frying pan, when he pays his subscription in advance. And every customer for a quarter is to have a set of fire-irona. I shouldn't wonder if they went the entire kitchen, for a year." " I dare say it's all right," said Tom. " But what's the ase of those things by themselves ? They'd better give away a leg of mutton and a sack of coals." '« That*« what I say," said the jolly man, " all the rest's regular tantalising. But it's just the same in their writings. What's the good of making ' the People ' believe that they're great cards, if they've nothing to carry out the notion with? It's aa bad as leading them on to tumble into a lake by persuading them they can fly, when they can't or anything like it. Ah ! it's all of a piece. I say. Hitchins." A man who was putting up the bills answered to the name. " Miad you have the money every night for the vaut. 1 know the philanthropic folks of old. The only time I ever got done out of my rent, was when a lot of them hired my workshops, and called it a National Palladium, for lectures on the * Rights of Man,' and « Progress." ' Progress,' indeed I They all j went fast enough at last ; clean away, and forgot j my rights. 'Tisn't a bad move, though. If I was a scribbler, beginning life, I'd go in for the same line of business."-«« Christopher Tadpole." Take a fork, fix it m the wail, and OD i s bandle place a cork ; walk op to it with one eye shut, and try to knock it off ; jon will miss it. This ia aa amusing optical delusiou. | 