South Australia. CASE OF THE EMMA SSEBBATT.' Some very extraordinary circumstances have just transpired, at Port Adelaide, in reference to this vessel, which have created general excitement, and which bid fair to rival in interest the celebrated Ville de Bourdeaux affair. We have been at some trouble to collect accurate information on the subject and although we cannot vouch for the truth of all we have heard, we believe fours will be found a pretty correct version. It can hardly be expected, however, that the whole merits can be ascertained until the result is known of the judicial investiga- tion which we understand is about to take place. It appears that our enterprising fellow townsman Mr Owen is the owner of one half of the Emma Sherratt. The other owners are resident at the Swan, and are represented here by their agent, Mr. Younghusband. Twelve months ago, Mr Owen, under an engagement with Mr Younghusband, sailed in charge of the vessel on a trading voyage, Her last port was the Mauritius, whence she was despatched for Port Adelaide, calling at Western Australia, in charge of Mr Germain (who, on the death of the former captain, had been appointed by Mr Owen to the command), with express instructions to deliver the cargo to Messrs. Elder, upon whom Mr Owen had drawn for the expenses of the ship, and who were directed to pay Mr Younghusband the amount due to the other part owners. Some days before the Emma Sherratt left the Mauritius, Mr Owen sailed for Adelaide, intending to call at the Swan for the express purpose of buying up the remaining shares in the vessel and therefore, in the capacity of sole owner, may be hourly expected. The vessel, on her arrival at Port Adelaide, was duly placed by the captain into the hands of Messrs. Elder and up to Saturday last the seamen were engaged in landing the cargo. It appears that Mr Younghusband is highly displeased with Mr Owen's conduct in reference to the vessel, especially on account of his consigning her to Messrs. Elder, and endeavoured to prevail with the captain to deliver up the cargo to him. This Mr. Germain declined to do, considering that he was bound to obey the instructions of his employer, by whom he had been placed in command, and in which course he was sanctioned by legal advice. Mr Younghusband then applied to Mr Torrens the Collector to appoint a new captain. Against his power to do this a strong protest was made by the parties acting for Mr Owen, At the final interview of Captain Ger ? main with the Collector, Mr Torrens is reported to have demanded of Captain Germain, who he considered his managing owner? Mr Germain replied, "Mr Owen." "Then," said the Collector, "I cannot interfere to remove you." Now comes the extraordinary part of the affair. In the afternoon of Saturday (Jan 25th) Mr Younghusband, accompanied by Mr Read, mate of the Gunga, and a strong party of men, boarded the vessel, and commanded Mr Germain to leave off discharg- ing, as he was no longer captain of the ship, Mr Read having been appointed in his stead. Mr Germain, awed by superior numbers, submitted to the hatches being closed, and hastened to the Custom- house, and demanded if it were true that a new master had been appointed. No such appointment appeared on the ship's register, and Mr Torrens told him, in the presence of several witnesses that he was still commander, and that he might retake the vessel by force. This Mr Germain did "not do and in this respect; we think, he evinced a much greater regard for the public peace than his adviser. In the course of the afternoon, Mr Torrens, without communicating with any one interested, save Mr Younghusband, appointed Mr /Bead master of the Emma Sherratt". Mr Germain and his men, however remained on board, and on Monday morning, finding no one to interfere with them, proceeded to fulfil their employer's instructions by delivering the cargo to Messrs. ""Elder. No opposition was made to their discharging the cargo, although their doing so excited a good deal of interest, it being considered as in defiance of the port authorities, who had decided on Saturday that the vessel and cargo were to be given up to Mr Younghusband. At three o'clock on Monday, the Collector came on board, and requested Mr Germain to cease unloading, as more cargo had been landed than could be weighed that day. Another hour, we understand, would have finished the discharge; but the Collector was obeyed under protest. At this time it was rumoured that Mr Younghusband intended taking possession of the vessel and a large crowd in consequence collected. Shortly afterwards Mr Younghus- band came on board with a party of men, and by the authority of Captain Lipson and Mr Torrens, proceeded to unmoor the vessel and take her away. A scene now presented itself which baffles description. The deck was crowded with the contending parties. Whatever Mr Younghusband's party did was immediately undone by Mr Owen's men, and Mr Younghusband, evidently under great excitment, dashed into the hottest of the fray, and attempted to prevent Captain Germain's men from working. In doing so he was rather roughly handled by the crew, and was only rescued by the police. He then mounted the side of the vessel and cheered on his party. Victory, however, declared for Captain Germain, which was celebrated by loud cheering. Considering the generally prevalent state of excitement, it is astonishing how little really angry feeling was manifested by the men. Mr Germain, his crew, and party, remained in possession until about 7 o'clock on Tuesday morning, when a strong party of the police, acting under the orders of Messrs. Torrens and Lipson, boarded the vessel, and dragged Captain Germain and his men ashore, declared that whoever entered the vessel, except by leave of the new captain, should be taken into custody, and delivered up the vessel and her cargo to Mr Younghusband, in whose possession the vessel remains. Under these circumstances, no other course was left open to Mr Germain than to lay an information against the police- men for an assault, which has accordingly been done, and the case will be heard in a few days before the magistrates in town, when the whole affair will' be canvassed. It must then be explained why, at the instance of a mere agent of an absent part owner, the Collector of Customs thought proper to remove the captain appointed by the managing owner, and appoint as commander a man serving under articles to another captain. If these assertions be true, we certainly must say that the" legality of the proceedings appears very questionable: Upon the official interference it is not our province to offer an opinion. We may inquire, however, if the Law Adviser of the Crown has sanctioned the very decided steps taken in this affair? From the police also, and the parties under whose orders they acted a stern reckoning will be required. To drag a number of men from their natural home, on board their employer's vessel, and to turn them adrift, without one shilling of wages being paid them, and, therefore, without the slightest means of support, for no other reason than that they were faithful to their master, appears to us as much an outrage upon the laws of the country, as it' is certainly upon those of humanity and religion'. With regard to the vessel, we consider the attempt to gain possession of her by force and arms, before Mr Owen's arrival, especially under the circumstances, is, to say the least of it, a hasty and ill-advised step. We speak thus strongly, because we think we thoroughly know Mr Owen, and believe him to be exceedingly prudent, as well as a man of unquestionable integrity. The validity of Mr Owen's possession of the vessel as half owner was undoubted and if as reported, he has actually purchased the other moiety, the rashness of the dispossessing process will become still more glaring than at present. Since the above was written, we have been informed that the informations against the police have been withdrawn, and that the captain and seamen have determined to commence actions in the Supreme Court against Mr Younghusband and the police, by whom they were expelled from the vessel. We are also informed that an action will be brought against the Collector of Customs for having improperly appointed a new captain in place of Captain Germain.-S, A Register January 19. We asserted confidently, the other day, in reference to the Emma Sherratt's affair, that Mr Owen would soon return, and vindicate himself from the imputations so incautiousl3r cast upon him during his protracted absence, as well as assert his commercial right in reference to the vessel, of which he owned a moiety even before his departure. The result has shown that we form a proper estimate of Mr Owen's character for though it had been industriously circulated by a certain party that he was a fraudulent and an unprincipled man and that having cheated the colonists and dishonoured his acceptances, he was not likely again to make his appearance in this colony, yet, singularly enough whilst the police kept watch upon the ill-fated vessel, in awful dudgeon, Mr Owen, though very unlike the ghost of Hamlet's father, makes quite as sudden as sudden a visitation, and assures us. he is prepared to vindicate himself completely, and determined to do so, if it cost him his last shilling. As a proof of that he is in right good earnest we may state that by virtue of an order from the Vice-Admiralty Court of this Province, he has prevented the unqualified departure of the Emma Sherratt, as intended by Messrs. Younghusband & Co., and has also commenced an action against that firm for libel and defamation, laying his damages at £1,000. A train of actions are likely to follow this primary suit, after the ensuing civil sittings. 