IRELAND. A Protestant clergyman lately enrolled himself a Member of the Irish ' War' Confederation; many barristers and Roman Catholic priests have also joined it ; whilst Mr John Mitchell had withdrawn from the body. Dr. Kennedy, Roman Catholic Bishop of Killaloe, has passed sentence of suspension on the Rev. Mr Kenyon until he retracts his recent speeches. This his lordship has done in full conference. Dr. Kennedy has brought Father Bermingham on his knees. The following letter appears in the Evening Post the Government organ. Borrisohane, May 7. Sib, — 1 deeply regret having caused to be published in the Nation newspaper of the 22nd of April a letter by which I have incarred, and doubtless justly, the displeasure and severe censure of my Bishop. 1 now fully and en tirely retract this letter ; as appearing to others, and to myself on more mature consideration, to have a tendency to incite to civil war with its deplorable consequences. As a minister «f religion and a Christian, I deeply deplore that this letter should have a meaning so much at variance with the teaching of our Divine Redeemer and his blessed Apostles; and I beg leave to express, through the medium of your respectable journal, these my sentiments of regret and my retraction of the letter. I am, Sir, your obedient humble servant, Jambs Berminqham, P.P. Dr. Kennedy has also proceeded to extreme mea sures with the Rev. Mr Nolan, of Monsea, whom he lately suspended for altar denunciations. The War der states that Mr Nolan was recently charged with writing in the Tipperary Vindicator certain articles derogatory to the character of his bishop. He pro tested before God that he was not the author ; but the editor exposed him, and exhibited them in his handwriting. Dr. Kennedy has totally deprived Mr Nolan of his parish. The United Irishman is reduced to one-fourth its ordinary size, in consequence of the respectable Dub lin machine printers refusing to run the risk of its publication. In a recent number of this treasonable journal there is an epistle to Lord Clarendon, from which we extract the following morceau :— As for me, my Lord your Lordship'* humble corres pondent, you have been told that I am mad — a dangerous lunatic, labouring under cacoethes scribendi. Do not believe it ; I am merely possessed of a rebellious spirit ; and think I have a mission— -to bear a hand in the final de struction of the bloody old ' British Empire;' the greedy carnivorous old monster, that has lain so long, like a load, upon the heart and limbs of England, and drank the blood, and sucked the marrow from the bones of Ireland. Against that Empire of Hell a thousand thousand ghosts of my slaughtered conntryraen shriek nightly for ven geance ; their blood crie* continually from the ground for vengeance! vengeance! and heaven has heard it, * * Thank God, they are arming. Young men everywhere in Ireland begin to love the clear glancing of the steel, and to cherish their dainty rifles as the very apple of their eye?. They walk more proudly ; they feel themselves more and more of men. Like the Prussian, students, (when tbis work had to be done for Prussia), they take the bright weapons to their hearts, and clasp their virgin swords like virgin brides. Dr. M'Hale, in his lenten pastoral, describes the Pope as assailed by .' many .wicked men;' some of whom seek ' to make the faithful clergy in Ireland the salaried slaves of the secular power ;' and says there are some Catholics ready to aid 'this unholy enterprise,' in order that they may ' sell the church, pocket the purchase money, and convert Irefand into an Aceldama!' 