THE VIRGIN WORSHIP OF THE CHURCR OF ROME.— WHAT IT RESTS UPON, AND HOW IT AROSE. Never was a preservation of Christianity so little counrenanced by the letter oi the word of God, Common sense should have taught men that a crea ture cannot be everywhere at the same time to hear prayers, or be able to answer theui, even if the no. finn efpnipd in hftvp received encouragement from the - GreatcTtacher. But when we reflect that scripture and reason are in perfect harmony on the subject — that th Saviour absolutely condemned and caiefully guarded against any approaches to the mother of his hemanity in eonnexiou with our redemption, we can not but regard her worship, existing for so many centuries, and spread over so large a porlion of Cbnsterdom, as a proof oi fearfully stroug delusion. Three of the evangelists mention Mary in the course of thir history. But Paul, who fully ex pounds the Christian system, and especially dwells apon the work of mediation, never once mentions her name in all his epistles; neither does James, or Jade, or Peter, thongb they must all have known her personally. Her death even is now referred to by them. The most extraordinary and suggestive circum stances of all is. that John, though his own gospel teaches that she was intrusted to his care, does not allude to her in any of his epistles or in therevelation. This seems to be the resnltjof a settled purpose. That she was honoured as the mother ol the Lord, and re garded as '' bltssed amcng women" — higher fa voured or grac iously acce pted, (noTi " faff of grace," as the Vulgate has it )— all true Protes tants cheerfully admit. But they dare not do fur ther O dy three addresses are recrrJel as having been made by our Lord to his blessed mother ; and these are certainly very remarkable and in no way recon cilable with the Roman Cetholic doctrine. The first was in answer to the remonstrance of Mary—" Son hy hast thou thus dealt with us ? Thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing." Jesus makes no distinction between Jose; b artd her in his reply, nor deos he recognise, but rather repudiates, the " authorities of a mother" is his " Fathers business." " Know ye uot." His next words to her are in the same spirt'. They were ottered at the weddiud in Canan, — " Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come." Eoiphanious, ou the Coilyridian heresy, says that the word " woman" was used here design edly to prevent Christians from egarding her with excessive admiration. It is singular that in all the New Testament he never said/o her " my mother." When others mentioned het to Him, He asked ' Who is my mother ?" " And streaching forth bis hand towards his deciples, he said— Behold my mother and my brethern ; for whosoever shall do the will of my Father who is in heaven, tbe same is my brother and sister and mother or, as Luke expresses it, " My mother and my hrethern are those which bear ihe woid of God and keep it/'- Here there is no exaltatiou of Mary as Empress of the Uuiverse, but something which forbids the very idea ol the least pre- eminence over other disciples on the mere grouno o her maternity. This is still more ditinct y taught usf afterwards, when he says—" Yea, bather, bles- sed are they which hfcar the word of God and keep it."' The third occasion on which our Lordfspoke to his mother Was when he hung upon the ctoss; When Jesus therefore saw his mother and the disciple staud- ine by whom he lovrd. he sa d unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son ; then said he to the disci ple, Behold thy mother." Here were calm authority and heart-louching filial tenderness in the midst ol his azonv, but notja word or hiut to countenance the iuea that he herebyfeonstituted her the 44 mother of all the faiihful," as her worshippers fondly dream. The reader will remark that not even in this parting sceue, so fitting'to bring out natural affection in all its force add tenderness, does he call her his mother. What an effort it must have required in him (humanly speaking) to repress his merely human feeling, in order to guard against abuse 1 We have now to advert to another fact which can- notjbe reconciled to the doctrine of the Mariolaters. After the resurrection, our Lord remained forty days on tarih, conversing with his disciples, during which time we have no mention of the Virgin, though many of his interviews and conversations with bis disciples are recorded, and three other Marys are mentioned by name, one of them being Magda'ene. The Virgin is not mentioned at all ia connexion vvithtq ascension, and only on one solitary ocevsiou subsequently. During the sixty years comprehended in the New Testament. hisioty, from the accession to the writing of the Apocalypse, this so called 44 Qaeen of heaven -—this 44 only way of Bccess to the Saviour "—this " exclusive channel of his grace" is never meutioned. No souls are saved by her intercession — no miracles are wrought by her power. John to whose care she had been intrusted, never rere s J o her at all. We have no record of her death — no account o' tr.e place of her burial; ail which it is impossible to reconcile by any ingenuity with the doctrines of the Church ot Rome on the subject. In fact, her worshippers ( have been obliged to invent a history of their idol, which, by its contrasted absurdity; serves sts'ongly to confirm the veracity ot the evangelical history of our. Lord. As soon as Mariolatry got a public recognition in the church, it spread rapidly. It is easy to accouut for :hts fact. The church had widely departed from the faith ; the clouds oi the apostacy overspread Christendom ; the scriptures were not read ; the peo ple were grossly ignorant, as were also the pries s and monks ; the minds of the most learned among them were ruled by an unchecked credulity, and a passion for the marvellous. B"sides';this, the multitudinous couveits from heathenism, baptised without being in structed, suffered to retain their old customs and fes tivals under Christian names, felt naturally an irresis tible craving from the reductive Goddess-worship of their former state. The 44 Queen ot H-aven" came in to fill up this void in their hearts. Then we're g.a- dttally transferred to Christianity even the loves of Olympus. The eternal Father btcame a husband, and Maty his reigning spouse ; at another time she was married to the Holy Ghost. The beauty and softness ot her sex operated on the hearts of her wor shippers — inspired a familiar ctnfidence, which ot'en degenerated into a very questionable feeling. — North -British Review. 