ST. PHILIP'S CHURCH. YESTERDAY thc foundation stone of the new church of St. Philip was laid with the usual ceremonies. At eleven o'clock there was divine service in St. Philip's Church, the prayers being read by the Venerable Archdeacon of Cumberland, and thc communion service by the Bishop of Sydney. During the reading of the sentences the offerings of the congregation wore collected 'by three deacons. Thc amount collected was £53 10s. ; After the service the congregation proceeded to the grounds where there was' a large assem- blage of people. ",; The 132nd Psalm, tho 3rd chapter of the First Epistle to the Corinthians, and tho collect for the dny'having been read, ' The Lord BISHOP, who, it had been an- nounced, would lay the stone, said-Mr. Arch- deacon, I hope there will never bo any dis- pute between ns respecting the duty or'service which we owe to our Divino Master, but that we sholl always be desirous to honour him, and that the only strife will be which of us can render him the'highest'and tho most'accept- able service. It appears to me, that on ac- count of tho long period during which you j have been the minister of this parish, and the constant services which you havo afforded the ! people, thc honour of laying this foundation stone properly belongs to you; I therefore now request you will have the goodness to perform this duty, which, under other circum- stances, I should have had great pleasure in performing. The ARCHDEACON then received the trowel from the Bishop, and said-My Lord Bishop, It seems expedient that Tshould acknowledge tho honour which your " Lordship has thus kindly conferred upon me. I acquiesce. It is not my choice, but I submit, and will do it in the best manner I am able. I feel, however, that I am altogether unworthy of such an honour. This, indeed, is a day, or an event, which I have long desired tp see. I have through many years ardently wished that a new and commodious church could bo erected for the spiritual benefit of the people in this parish. Often when I have looked round, and seen splendid or elegant dwellings, decorated shops, also costly warehouses erected, or in tho course of erection, and then viewed my poor unsightly old church, I. have felt ashamed and grieved "at heart, because no better house was provided for the ever gracious and all-glorious "God. It is truo, he dwells not exclusively or only in houses made with hands, yet he re- quires, that, for the edification of his people, his ordinances bo duly and decently adminis- tered in some suitable edifice. Again, when I thought of the costly tabernacle even uv tho wilderness, and ol" the rich temple in Jerusalem which Jehovah commanded to be, created, I felt more anxious that some appropriate build- ing, even herc, should bo erected for the honour of our merciful God, and for tho dis- pensing of his gospel blessings. Then I re- solved if he should bo pleased to afford me thc means to assist in such a good work, I would contribute freely-and now I am gratified to see thc sacred undertaking in such a state of progress, and I trust it will proceed to comple- tion in due time, and be a house of God for tho salvation of many souls through faith in the blessed Redeemer. I pray that an abundant effusion of thc Holy Spirit may be vouchsafed, that this new or 1 atter church may become in every way more glorious than the former, to the welfare and happiness of tliis, and of gene- rations to come. Tho Archdeacon then laid the foundation stone, Baying " I lay this ns the foundation and corner stone of n church, to be ! built in this place, to be named St. Philip's Chuich, and to be set apart for the preaching of tho right Catholic Faith, which wo believe aud confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost.-Amen." After this' tho Apostles' Creed was repeated and a prayer offered up for the divine blessing np'on the work and those engaged in it, when the people were dismissed by thc Bishop with tho benediction._ 