RAVINGS OF A REPEALER I The following extract is from a letter to Loi Clarendon in the United Irishman of Saturday las'. It is from the pen of Mr; Mitchell, the editor : — " As for me, my lord, your lorpship's humb'e correspondent, you have been told that I am mad — a dangvous lunatic, labouring under cac >bthus scri- bendi. Do not believe it : I am merely po sessed- with a rebellious spirit ; and think I have a mission — to beer a hand io tbe final destructioe of the- bloody old " B ttish Empire; ' the greedy, carnivorous; old monster, that has lain so long, like a load, upon the. heart and limbs of England, and drank the biood and sucked the marrow fiom the bones of Ireland, Against that empire of hell a thousand thousand ghosts of my countrymen shriek. nightly for vengencel their blood eries continually from the ground for ven geance 1 vengetiacv ' And Heaven has heard 11. That buccaneering flag, that has braved so long the bailie and the breeze, flies from a ship in distress: the Charybdis ol Chartism now roars under he lee — she brewers of repeal are ahead, and the cunes of tbe world swell the hurricane that rages around her, pirate and biood-ssained slaver that she is, filled with dead men's: bones. and with all unclean) iness; Her timbers are.shivered at last— » Qnsmvis Ponfica pinus, Syh» filia nobilis' — She will never float iu harbour more. On the day sl;« goes to pieees, all the ends oi the earth will give three cheers. " To help this grand work of necessity and mercy is my highest ambition on earth ; and I know no better way to do it than to make Ireland arm for hat- tie. To me it is a graceful and blessed sound, this cry — " The people are arming." Thank God, they are arming Young men everywhere in Ireland begiii to love the clear ulanceing of tbe steel, and to cherish their dainty reflf-s as the very apple of their eyes. They walk" more proudly — they feel themselves more and more of men. Like the Prussian students (when this workjhad to be done for Prussia ), they take the bright weapons to their hearts, and clasp their virgin sword, like virgin brides. " How long will your detectives — your swearers— your villainous, backstairs panders to the hangman, check this noble passion this most holy crusade ? Think ol it weli. — I remain, my lord/wiih profoudesi contempt, your very obedient servant, M John Mitchell «' P.S —I had some thought of addressing 10 you an expostulation about the packing of our juries next term I fancied some feeling of decency, or even of justice, nsignt induceyou to give orders that the ordi nary bat disgraceful practice of the CrownOffice shall be reversed. I have changed; my mind. He --who employs, a spy wili pack a jury ; and I, for one', scorn to appeal for anything to a man who lays, a plot tor massacre.. Pack away, then, if you dare. I expect .no justice, no courtesy, no indulgence from you ; and if you get me within your power,- Ijentreat you to show me no mercy, asal, 0 Help me God; would show none to you. « J. M." 