IRELAND. _ A Protestant clergyman lately enrolled himself a Member of the Irish " War' Confederation; many barristers and Roman Catholic priests have also joined it; whilst Mr. John Mitchell had withdrawn from the body. Dr. Kennedy, Roman Catholic Bishop of Killaloe, has passed sentence of suspen sion on the Rev. Mr. Kenyon until he re tracts his recent speeches. This his lord ship has done in full conference. Dr. Kennedy has brought Father Ber- mingham on his knees. The following letter appears in the Evening Post, the Government organ : Borrisokane, May 7- Sir, — 1 deepty regret having caused to be published in the "Nation" newspaper of the 22nd of April, a letter by which I have incurred and doubtless justly, the displeasure and se vere censure of my bishop. I now fully and entirety retract this letter ; as appearing to others, and to myself on mature consideration, to have a tendency to incite to civil war, with its deplorable consequences. An a minister of religon my and a Christian, I deeply deplore that this letter should have a meaning so much at variance with the tracking of our Divine Re deemer and bis blessed Apostles; and I beg leave to express, through the medium of your respectable Journal, these my sentiments of regret and my retraction of the letter, . 1 Rte Year obedient, humble servant, Hzaiiixoiisw. P.P. Dr. Kennedy has alia proceeded to ex treme measures with tho iter. Mr. Nolan, of M onsen, whom he lately suspended for altar denunciations. The Warder states that Mr. Nolan was recently charged with writing in the Tipperary Vindicator cer tain articles derogatory to the character of hi bishop. lie protested before God that he was not die author ; but the editor ex posed him, and exhibited litem in his handwriting. Dr. Kennedy has total! j- deprived Mr. Nolan of hi parish. The United Irishman is reduced to one- fourth its ordinary size, in consequence of the respeetablc Dublin machine printer refusing to run the risk of its publication. In a recent number of this treasonable journal there is an epistle to Lord Claren don,. from which we extract the following moreeau re-'" As for me, my Lord, your Ixrrdihip's humble correspondent, you have been told that I am mad — a dangerous lunatic, la bouring under eaeoethes seribendi. Do tiol believe it; I nm merely possessed or a rebellious spirit ; and think 1 have a mis sion — lo bear a hand in the final destrue- tion-of the bloody old ' British Empire;' the greedy carnivorous old monster, that has lain so long, like a load, upon the hearts and limbs of England, aud drank the blood, and tucked the marrow from the bones of Ireland. ' Against that Empire of Hell a thousand thousand ghosts of my slaugh tered countrymen shriek nightly for u-ji- gcancc ! vengeance ! and heaven has beard il. 'Hi, ink God, they are arming. Young men everywhere in Ireland begin to lovo the clenrglnncing of the steel, nnd to cherish their dainty rifles ns the very npplc of their eves. They walk more proudly ; they fee) themselves more nnd more of men. Like the Prussian students, (when this work had to he dono for Prussia.) they take the bright weapons in.their hearts, and clasp their virgin swords like virgin brides. Dr. M'Hale, in his lenten pastoral, describes the Pope ns assailed by " many wicked men sonic of whom seek " lo make the faithful clergy in Ireland the salaried slaves of tho secular power;" and say there arc sonic Catholics ready lo aid ' this unholy enterprise, " in order that they may sell th'o rhurch, pocket the put chase money,, and convert Ireland into an Aceldama !" 