\- Answer: to a Challenge.--The eccentric H.H. Breckenridge, one of the Judges of,the Supreme 'Court of Pennsylvania, when a young, m jn.,was challenged to fight'a duel by an English olficer. Whom' be answered < as follows :-" I have two objections to Ulis duel matter-Uie one is, lest I should ':hurt .you ¡,'ánd, .the. other is,-lest, you should hurt me. I do riot see whit good it would be to 'put a''ball'through' your body!' ; I leonid make no use'of you, when dead, for any culinary purpose, as I would , a rabbit or a turkey. ' I ara no cannibal to feed on the flesh of men. ../Why,, then, shoot down, a human creature, of whom I 'could make no. use P , A buffalo would make better meat'. :For: though your flush might' be delicate'and tendef,.yet it wants the firmness and consistency which take and retain salt. At any rate,, it wouUInot do,, for a long sea-voy age. You'.might''make*'a good b'arbàcue, ,it is true, beingof the natúro'ofá raccoon or an opossum; but people are not in the 'habit of barbacuing anything that: is human now. And as to your hide,.it .is ,'npt worth , taking,, ofl', ,being, a little better,, than a .two-year-old colt. , So much for you: As'to'myself; I do not like to stand in Ute way of. anything -that is hurtful. I am under the impression that you might hit me. This .being the.rase, 1, think, it;advisable to stay at a distance^.. If you mean.,(o try your pistols, take shine', object',' a ' tree,' br a barn -door, about my ['dimensions. '.' If you lilt' that; ?send 'nie word, . and'I will acknowledge that if I had been in the 'sameiplaco, you might, have ¡hit mo.'V 'I ir. ; . ^Jiumv.. Waler.If. you,aro fqnd;of spirits. Broadcloth," he continued, "I adyisVybu to leave ghosts' alone, nnd make acquaintance with good ?old'Jamaica spirals! ' Instead bf frightening you out of.-.your .-.wits, tiley, will put wits into.you, and .that, won't ¡hurt you; at.hp time, j If,you continue to drink' "cold , water .puch'longer, my boy. your timbers will 'perish "of the dry-rot as sure' as you are born;'* Yóu''lbok äs yaller as a pond-lilly now: and if is:all owing' to 'living like them on bad water. Man was never, made ¡to.drinkwater, or natur'.would have put bim on all-fours', with' his' mouth' near the' running streams/like all animals intended to use it; But mah .was . calculated to ? stand ? straight up upon ?his pegs, willi his mug as far, from the cold .springs and fish-spawny brooks as possible, and had, apple-ti eos, and' sugar-canes, and barley, and what hot' given, him ; and sense put into his pate to distill'good liquor from them, and hands to lift it up.to his lips when made, and a joint in his neck. tto, bend his ; head backward, that it might slip down Iiis'throat easily and pleasantly; arid, by the same token here i's your' gbbd health, old ' fellow, and wishing you might have better i beverage) in i future ¡than horses'and asses, have. cNow,' Jamaica Spirits.. 1, would; recommend to you.-tiifi'in a Colony by Sam Stick. , "Stopping' the' Pdp'er'.-r^Lord Byron, in refe- rence to the attacks made oh his poems,'" Hdurs ?bf -Idleness,'' said -'''There 'Is:'no man; how- ever thickheaded or heartless,-who would inot smart under the knowledge that he. was held up ¡in "even,.'fifty copies' .of a. newspaper : there is, íiowevcri'ñb'brie 'biit a very thin-skinned fool who would,*as the'phráse' goes', stop . a paper be < cause it did not chime in with nil his notions, or -because it attached him. , Whatever foible .I may ¡have, t am not guilty,of this miserable foolery." ' U Lesson Learned at Home.-The Reverend George Peaton-, Chaplain of Gloucester Oaol, re- lates that-when he was examining a juvenile of- t_. fender in the Scriptures, ho said to him,.i" As many as Jiad plagues came ,to. Jesus. What do yoii mein by pláglíes?" The lad-mindful, na doabt, of wliát he had often heard Iiis motlier say -replied,"' Children !'.. >>'... !j .Speaking ¡of Adverkie Forest,.,the Morning yPpst says J,-". Within, the last five years, how avertit has'been completely'altered by the, Mar- quis of Abercorn, to whom the neighbourhood is 'much'indebted. 'How'different is tile Marquis of Abercorn from many other noblemen, who tare much indebt.-d tj the neighbourhood. 