THE TURRET CLOCK. In the land of oine forests, charcoal boners, dia- blerie and met h 'sic?, flou- iih d Baron Voo Sch wagger. A redoubtable personage was the baron, fii fierce, erim and mysterious as all the dramatis per- Some 0 Der Freyschulz put together, lie lived in a black forest (of course) ; io a gloomy old castle (Vqually o' course), the ruins of which, by the way 'e generally much admired by Cockneys going up tfie Rhine, The walls of this car tie were very thick, being typical of the Baron's skull ; and the water i-i the moat was very mxddy, being typical of the ba ron s brains. He cultivated huge mustachois, and ensconced his neth-r extremities in a couple of vast leathern buckets, which were supposed by the well- informed to be constructed upon »he models of the seven-leagued boots of a still more recent antiqui:y AH day long the baron hunted boars in the wood, aud the major part of the night he listened to songs cele- bra.ting his own exphi s, chanted by divers disinter ested glee men whom he m-riutained (or the purpo?e, and quaffed at marvellous short intervals, huge draughts of Rhenish. This coutse of existence was however soaiewhat monotonous , so the baron varied it by the elegant and amusing recreation of burning down the castles of sundry weaker barons, and trans- feiring their treasures when they had auy to his own, t! sis p easingly illustrating the philosophical dogm?, that tight is coiis;itutad by might. Now and then, the baror, in the exercise of the duties of hospitality, gave evry rich burgher whom he could lay hands on a very pressing iuvitatiou to his castle— that is to the underground part of ii, and if he did not receive from stich persons, in return for his delicate, c e ain heaps cl filthly lucre, every body knovis that fair exchange is I'O robbery, and that even a fortnight on bread and wat r ought 10 be accurately and honestly prid for. The baron's castle was strong, his domains broad, and he enteiiamed u company of sturdy men at«arms or the protection of both. Hard- drinking, hard- fighting, desperadoes, they were ripe for all sorts of enterprises, frqm stealing fowls from their roo>ts to carry, off nuns from their cells ; and quite ready to slit any man's windpipe who should dare to utter 9 sentence derogatory to tbe dignity and the grau- deur of tbe Baron von Schwagger. And truly, there was considerably more weight in tbe living arguments by which the baron could back his claims to the castle and claim themselves.. D&rn; rumours were circulated of the wavs and means by which the baron had stepped his posses sion and his power. Dread and fearful stories si ere whispered over the winter hearth of the mysterious disappearance, when an infant, of a certain Rudolph Yfolfstein, who, had he lived to manhood, would" have been tbe rightful baron. Honest men accord ingly shook their heads when when tbe subject was pnentioued ;but ao there was very few of that species of humanity located in the neighbourhood, the baron had little to apprehend from them ; indeed, he made a striking example of more thnu one -propagator of the scandal we have alluded to having walked them oyer the battlements of the castle, whence they wcu'-d inevitably have fallen a tremendous height to the ground, had not ropes been coi siderately placed ipund their necks, which polite attention hap pily averted the catasthrope in question. Amongst most of his mjgh hours, however — that iB, amongst those he never plundered, because they bad nothing to lose— 1 he baron was on the whole a popular man. His beer was strong j his eck, and canary, end Rhenish of full body and fine flavour. The presi- ding deiiies of the buttery hatch were liberal in lhei> distribution, and all the knaves and varlets (as it v as the polite fash io-t of the middle ages 10 dub gen tlemen ot the humbler classes) in the vicinity were quite ready to swear by (he Baron Voa Sihwaeger. Now the baron had one fair daughter, Christine ; a lately creature was she io person, and pure and gentle in mind. She sprung from the baron as a tender sapling fiom a gnarled e ld trunk, green, and fresh, and beautiful. She moved like a spirit of light aotii the forLi iding glooming of the massive old castle,. stilling by her presence, as by a spell, the cparse words and ribald j' kes of her father's retainers, who bent their iroa-bound heads and gmade uncouth obeisance when she glided in the hall. The swallow who built under the " juttyfrieza" of the windows o' her ' b -wer" (as thep called a damsel's bed-chamber in the middle ages) would feed all confidently from her hand ; siid even the blood-hounds, chained in tbe court, whined as she passed, aud wistfully fawned ppon her Abroad she seemed the sweetest blossoms in the wood, and at home the fairest ornament of the hall. Low and slitery were the tones of her voice, as distant bells; and wheo she sung, her notes rung clearer than those cf the harp she touched. Ou the day on which Christine attained her eigh teenth year the baron stave a mighty feast in honor of ihe event, having plundered a neighbouring potenta e in order to furnish the wherewithal. Banquets in the baronial halls of tht) mufdieagea have been de scribed, ao of.en that we will not tarnish the laurels of Sir Walter Scott by iept&<ing the de lineation. Every one knows that they contained a vast store q; the elemjnts of the picturesque ; lofty arched tools ; dark -stained oak carved iti.o fatitas ic aliapjs ; armour; swords; bsuleaxes ; hunting- spedia glancing in the fi.ckeriog light of the torches ; the dais of the ha I : antique s-rit-eella's on she tables ; the rush-strewn floor: the guests so fierce and war like ; the mustachois, daggeis, doublets, and erc-- broidejed cloaks ot knigiits and squites; dark cowls of monks ; eober jerkios of burghers,; flaunting garbs of miostrei; party-coloured vesiiueuts of jesteis, serfs with iron collars; seneschals and sewers with wbiter tipped wands ; great vensbui pasties ; flasks of cialvoise and sack ; griutlooking boars' heads; and huge bloodhounds, skulkint round the hail, scenting the. game no the table whjch tiny had pulied down iu the forest. Such are the irw ma terials, which, when properly put together, would, constitute a picturesque deeenption of the feast o tbe- Boron von Schwagger. Very early in the evening. Cystine, in whose honour this vast collection ot eatables and potab|»s, — friars to bless them, and men of ail degrees to demo lieh thtm, hid been made, retired 10, hei b iwer ; atid had bpen made, retired to her bo er ; and her venei- able papa and his " yoodfycompame" set to, in ino- dern, phtase, to "make a nignt of it."' Never w?s there such a despera'e consumption of sack, and canary, and. Rhenish, end s rdng - ale, and eke stion, waters, known within the wall? of Schwaggeibvrgei ; and thst.as the seneschal remaiked, was saying 0 good deal. The chain upqn the celat was truly, aw- Jul ; flasks, stoups, and every available utensil in than Rt8tle was put in lequisition to contain the floods of jjood liquor which ihe baron's guests seemed never to fire ol quaffing to the lasting honour and glory of the Von Schaggers ; and if all the toasts winch were drunk expressive of the intense solicitude of the drinkers with respect to the baron's peisooal health and long ; lite wrre duly heard and favoiably received, there appears to be no manner of doubt but that the baron would be hale and heaty to this good day. Tbe night was far advanced, and the revelry had ; nearly reached its height ; the ministrels sung witn the most desperate energy ; the baron s fool rattled his bells and waved his bauble, wtlh a perseverance worthy of abetter cause; all were talking together with the exception of those wlto, having fallen from their seats, were making themselves a# comfortable as circumstances would admit on the floor when the baron shouted, with a voice, like that ot a dozen of Stentors rolled into one, — Broach another pipe of malvoisie, ye loitering k mutes I See ye not my guests lack wine ?" " Ay 1" vociferated a famous captain of Lanze- knechi's, and a noted toper, "broach another pipe, aud by'r ladye we'll see tne bottom of it before the sun peeps over the Brockcen, were it the tun of Heid elberg 1" A 1 oar nf acclamation hailed this satisfactory pro- phecy. . . » " The bottom of a wine vessel is a sorry sight/' said the baron, ' I never wish to see it." Take nay advice, and thou wilt,' observed the jester. " How mean you, sir, fool ?' said the Lanzeh- uecht. " Marrry, never quaff the contents, ' chuckled the fool. " That were a specific unworthy of a wise man,' said the Lanzeknecht. " I never addressed it to such," replied the jes ter. " FT up higher, the foul fiend take ye,— higher !" exclaimed a young man near the baron, whose flushed cheek and thick utterance gave evidence of his pota tions. " Fill up, he said impatiently, to the sewer who poured forth a flood of wine into his goblet, " it is the first fruits of the new Cask, and I devote a deep draught to the fair Christina. Down a hundred throats went the contents of s hundred goblets ? and up, as soon as the liquor would permit, came a volley of shouting which made the old roof ring. A momentary pause succeeded this ebulith Q ; arid then from the pwer end of the table, rose the sound 9 of a hollow, sepulchral voice which started numbers of the listeners, as though it had pro ceeded horn the tombs, — ' Time waneth ; the grey dawn will be over the fo- rest anon/ The immediate neighbours oi him who spoke shrunk instinctively from the ghastly voice, and many a pair of eager eyes were turned towards him. Even a se lect party of gentlemen under the table, who had been performing au ancient German edition of We won't go home till morniDg," came to a full stop, and ga zed as well as they could upon the stranger. He was an old man with reverend features, yet lighted up with an expression of deep cunning and watchfuln, ss. His keen grey eye twinkled inces santly, and his closely compressed lips gave token ot the firm and resolute spirit which spake through them A long beard descending lo his breast1 and the gar ments he wore were loose and flowing. 4< Time waneth,' he repeated ; ' the grey dawn will be upon the foiest anon.' " Time/ echoed the baron at length. Time ? who. cares for time ? It was made for 'slaves and we be free men." A loud shout hailed this magnanimous sentiment, albeit some of the drunken vassals who joined ia it felt the iron collar ot serfdom1 sit inconveuiently upon their necks. " Time waneth/ repeated the mysterious stranger, with unchanged voice and attitude ; ' the hours slip by." . , , . " Let them/ said the baron ; " who reckoneth or caieth lor their progress! They will not drive me from the wassail bowl. Let diem take their course ; I wiii take mioe.' " Yours is theirs,' said ihe stranger—' and yet, 1 pray thee to prepare,— for thy time below is drawing jO a close I" 1 Sirrah 1' roared the baron. How darest thou break in on our revelry with this ill omened croaking What art thou ?' An Astrologer/ was the reply. I know the se crets of the stars,' " What have they taught thee?' inquired the bs- lon. 'That the sand in thy glass is nearly run,' said the Astrologer. The baron was somewhat startled , at the solemnity of manner of his unbidden guest, but he recovered himself and satd, scoffingly, — ' Doubtless thou thy sell was born under a wise pla- oet. " Nay/ interposed the jester who put his oar on all occasions, " he Was born under no planet at all, but under a hedge.' A laugh followed this sally— People were easily en- terlaiued in the fliteeoth ceutury, " Bah 1' quota the baron emptying a stoup of wine ; 'I laugh at thy prophecies. This day month I will hold another feasf, and to it I will iudeed bid all my present guests.' 4 It may not be/ returned the astrologer ! the everlasting wheel of time moveth round I thy scoffs will not stay its progress. I tell thee baron that by the time the sun hath attained the meridian of tbe hea vens on the day that thou best named, thy body will be lifeless, and thy soul— umph 1 — — the astrologer shrugged his shoulders after a (esliion which finished the sentence in a manner mo e iutelligib e than ag'ree- aole. 4 Thou art a lying knave and imposts !' said the incensed baton ? 4 but thy audacity shall not go un« punished. Beyond the walls ot the castle thou stiirest not for a month, and — and' he continued, a bright idea striking him (a' very unusual thing, be it femnked, with the worthy baron) 14 1 shal have that new fangled invention of which we have heard, and which men say, teilelh by the sbuud of a bell the progress of the hours— a clock, I shall have one erec ted in the highest turret of the castie, and it I live but ever such a brief space alter the time tnou hast desig nated, thou shalt make but one step from the top of the bauiemenis to the bottom of the moat. Thou seest I cf.11 tell fortunes as weii as thou most sage astrolo ger 1' The student of the s ars looked for a minute rBther put out by this unexpected recital of his prospects at the end of the motitb, but he recovered himself and bow in ?! is head wtth an air of deep submission, said,— "Be it so; I trust the stais I" Triis straoge in i lent h?d, naturally, the effect' of puttiug a (.a n per upi o the hilarity ol the revels, It was in vain that the ba o 1 sirove to be facetious, snii swailo el deep draughts of wine, the words of the as- uoiogei lung ominous in his ears. The company conversed in groups of three or fours pointing now and then to tlie astrologer, who sat with his clnu resting upon his b. east, involved in oe-p thought ; and after he was removed to secure quarter!1, they gradually dropped off, one by one, to the dormi tories which ban Inen provided for them, and, lo 1 the baron was left alone. 44 Umph '."he said, walking round the hall, 4i ' tis ve>y st aug- 1 dout 'tel comforuble. The knare look- td very uupiessan ly soieum, However I'll go to htd and sleep upm it," And the baron stalked along b stowing heatty kicks upon the inseusibe drunkards h w>e sirttched up mi the floor. He paused for a in roient . t the doer, m-ntaliy debat Dg the point, whe ther or 1.0. be »o id haog the astrologer at once, as a n lit 1 10 his leei tigs au.L a striking termination of the %eiiiugs festivities. He decided however in the nega- ive ; and as there was no bed room candltsticks, in iiosedays, he t« ok a toicn ftona a yawning attendant no", walked off to bed, Tnat Right, however, the baron slept but very little. ... . - . + . - « Time slipped away, and, the baron , retina tied tnai." veltously tit at ease, He put., the blame upon bile— > e | nerves had not then came into fashion— but th_ whole castle easily > divined the cause of their inqui etude. The bnars and wolves had .a complete > holi day, and as there was nobody to stick spears into them, they throttled > .each other for a change, the barons' steeds yawned, and shook themselves > impati ently in the stables, and the baron's retainers per-' formed the same > operations in tbe hall. Never had there been such a dreary time in Sch w > agger berger Castle. The long corridors seemed more dim than ever — the > windows appeared to be inlets of darkness rather than light— every shaded > nook was tenfold more gloomy than before— the, chimneys smoked eonsumedly' > —the rain pattered monotonously; |the wind howled dismally among the > turrets— every body seemed out oi humour ; even the fair Christine was > pensive — tbe astrologer rapt and sileDt — knights and squires yawn ed and > slept, cursed and swore, and told and listened to dismal ghost stories— the > jester forgot his calling and &9 for tbe baron, he scowled aud moped, aud if > he did rouse himsslf lor a moment, it was only to" blow np" the first > unfortunate vassal he placed Ins eyes <>n. In short, the King of the Bine > Devils might hare appropriately fixed his court in the castle of the Baron > von Scbwauger. At length, however, there was a partial clearing up , > changes, now and then, came over the. baron's mood He was sometimes quite > bold, and tried to reason himself out oi 1 the dim, illdefiued apprehensions > which pressed upon him, and he would feel quite sure he had succeeded; he > was in good health, and there -could be no mistake, about his appetite, for > he would demolish a huge pasty by way of tasking sure of the fact. The > baron, however, was by no means unmindful of the iutentio'n he had announced > with respect to the clock. He struck firmly to his whim, aod a young artist > speedily arrived from Strasbourg, with the necessary means and appliances > for the erection of a huge castle Time-piece. Gaspar, for such was the > machinist's, name was a modest youth. His figure was sight, but well knit > and graceiul ; his features were mild, bis deep black eye keen and > sparkling, and bis hair hung in luxuriant masses upon his shoulders He > toiled hard in the topmost turret of the castle, amid bars of iron, and huge > wheels, and chains, and pulleys j and, at length, the ponderous mass of > ipe'Chanistn which in those days did duty for a clock , but which would take > for a stunted steam- engine without furnaces, was nearly complete- One > important part of the machine was, however, missing, tbe hands for the dial > had either been forgotten, or had been made free with by some of the baron's > train with the view, perhaps, of their being fashioned into, javeftns or > hunting-spears. So Gaspar sought th - baron, and informed that mighty > personage of his loss and his dilemma. Now bad he not beeu r&thera; > favourite with the baron this step would have been a bold one, but instead > of being dipped in the castle moat, as he might have beeb under different > circum stances, the baron, on being made to understand the natnie of the > missing articles, condesended to suggest .substitutes. 44 There are a couple > of antique swords in the hall," he said4" could you not fashion them, so > that they :shou'.d strnd you inst ad of your lost implements. Thanks," said > Gaspar, "thanks for tbe bint, val.ait sir ; 80 please you, I will make the > essay. A sword-blade for a clou k hand.," he added, musingly, 44 it will > seem akin to the scythe of Time;" and he smiled al his own conceit. . ' #'' > Days aud weeks passed away, the tide of time-rol led on, Bnd the clock, like > the pulse of aeiant, throb bed to "mark its ft»w. Its great bell was heard, > send in? forth its loud and regular summons, and at every peal the > astrologer looked at the baron with a gaze which repeated biB old note of > Time waneth !" and the baron, fell into a fit of the fidgets forthwith. I > Gaspar's work 6»eined done;:but lie still lingered in Sch waggerberger > Castle. It was marvellous to see how rouuy faults be found in his > handivroik, which tuust positively be put to rights ere he resumed to his > master and the old workshop, at Strasbourg. He seemed duil, too, thoughtful, > anti occasionally vacant. The baron never doubted but that his melancholy > arose from the number of delects which he pretended still lurke l in > thecUick, so he applauded his diligence and anxiety, aud encouraged iiim to > stay in tbe cas tle unlii all Was perfect, Alas I poor naroii ! And the Lady > Christine, too ! She had actually lost all appetite, sighed in the midst 0'. > a merry song, and lay all night considerably more wake full than the arder > on the bauiemenis. The baron could not-tell what to make of it. A» the fated > day approached, he bjegan to get as low as r var, and, in h>s own mind, he > believed they were ail going to the devil together. But Gasper v. ould sit > unnoticed and motiunless for hours gazing upen Christine, and when she mar > ked his eye fixed upon her, aud so full of deep and involuntary meaning, she > blushed, but she was not angry; the gaze embarrassed her, but she could not > for the life of her, wish it withdrawn. Alas p >or baron ! And then, when > Gasper would furtively, and but for one moment' press her hand, as they > passed close lo each other, was that light squeeze returned ? It was. Ami, > ha-! how slight; how almost impercep. tibie was the pressure which Bent tlie > blood of the yoiith tingling like fire tbr iugh every vein ! It was even so. > Gaspar tbe poor penniless boy, the adopted sou and apprentice 0/ Ignatius > Graafhusst, ihe tne. chanist of Strasbourg, had dared to fall " certain > fathoms deep" in love with Schwagger, and the pre sumptive heiress to ail > his domains, and ("ic the lowest depth a lower still") the lady bad fallen > a, deeply in love with biin. Alas 1 poor baron ! He would not have believed > that sueh was the case had every man, woman, and child in Germany sworn -it > by the three Kihgs ol Cologne ; but it was a fact nevertheless. On tne > evening preceding the eventful day, big' wit the fate of so many of the > personages of this veritable history, the barou was in a state of intense > uneasiness He 6dgeted about, quite unable to sit still for a single moment ; > he gave orders and countermanded them, and then fell into a brown study, and > then hustled about. He sent for a thouk to shrive him, 44 in case, as he > sid, 44 of anything happening ; and wheu ti e holy father came he would have > nothing to do wnh him. At length he recollected th,t there were thrt'e wr > tches in the dungeons of thecasile, who had pre sumed to mike a dinner of > the baron's ,4venijon wtfhout a game qual.fication issued under his hand and > seai, so lie ordered them 10 be hanged, by the way of diverting his mind and > keeping the executioners hand in. As for the astrologer he was calm and > collected. He gilded irom room to room, and «aliery to gallery, and > whispered mysteriously to ihoe of the baron's retainers who appeared > pervaded with the greatest decree of wholesome awe of 1 ii I lemarkable > personage, Wiidt lie said we know nor,— as we never heard ; but those who > did hear looked as if they had never listened to more extraosdin-uy > statements sn all their Iivesra8, indeed, it :s probable they never had, The > shades ot night were stealing cn apace, and Christine sat upon a settle in > the def p recesses of a window 10 the ball, htr slender farm neariy hidden > by tli8 canopying tapestry. She was not alone. Ob scured by the favonug > gloom, kneeling at her feet, and grasping one white hand in both of his, was > Gas par, In a low, very low, and ve<y broker, voice, the young man was > puuriug forth passiona'e vows 01 oevtr-dying love, when suddenly, > interrupting himsel< in tbe sweet recital, he exclaimed in more iropeteous > toots than he bad yet made use of, 4 But I am a loci, a driveller, 10 speak > so. I — I, the miserab e appren tice of a miserable mechanist, woat right > have I,— what claim have 1, lo tae loveo! sucha9 thee 4 Say uotjio, Gaspa-, > returned he low and falter ing tones or Cnriaiine,44 say not sn ; I would > scoin a belted knight for he poor Grssper Graafhursi. 44 5«y for Rudolph > VVolfstein. rather ;" thus spoke a lo», d?ep voice, cioie to ti e lovers. > Chtistine utieied a faint cry, and her suitor sprung to his fee'. The arm of > t e astrologer, for it was he who spoke, was laid upon. ins shoulder 44 Fear > not, my children/ he said, 44 fear not. The stirs favor )e ; 1, their > student tell you so The lovers gazed 111 astonishment and awe upon the > mysterious being who addressed them. 44 Thou callest me Rudolph Wolfstein > ?'' at length faltered the young artist. " Rudolph Wolfstein art thou, the > rightful lord 0 1 his proud castle. Lady, behold thy cousin !" Vfith a low > cry of-joy Chrisrine sprang into the arms (rhich uft re open to receive her. > ' 4Do 1 dream ?" murmured the bewildered lover. <» Much yet remaios to be > suffered- and to be done/' said the astrologer. 44 Meanwhile, breathe not > the secret. The good tiroe will cpnoe. Trust the stars." He gathered his > robe, around him, and, strode away into the fast deepening darkness. 44 > Cousin/' murmured Christina. . 44 A s weet word ; but soon to be changed, > for a dearer title still was the low, soft reply. 'v i (to be continued) 