CHRIST'S COLLEGE, TASMANIA. INDUCTION OF THE NEW WARDEN, &c.; The first visit of the Lord Bishop to Christ's College took place on Wednesday week last, under circumstances of more than ordinary interest ; it being the day appointed for the commencement of the June vacation, as well as for the resignation of the Rev. J. P. Gell, first Warden of the College, and his able coadjutor, the Rev. S. B. Windsor, and the appointment of Messrs. Cox and White as their successors. The whole of the foundation members of the College, together with the students in their academical costume, received the Bishop immediately on his arrival, and proceeded to the Chapel, where Morning Prayers were read by the Warden. First Lesson, Job 8, was read by Mr. Sorell, ma.; Second Lesson, Mark 8, Mr. Atkinson. After Prayers, the Warden having signified his resignation, the Bishop proceeded to induct the new Warden into the vacant seat and office, saying : I, Frances Russell, by Divine permission Lord Bishop of this Diocese, do hereby induct thee, Frederick Holdship Cox, into the seat and office of Warden of this College, dedicated to our Saviour Christ. Be thou always zealous for the honour of His Holy Name ; be thou loving and affable towards them that are learners in His School, and to come to an eternal reward hereafter. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The newly-appointed Warden then conducted the Bishop to the Upper School, the assembly following. Upwards of two hundred persons, in- cluding sixteen of the Clergy of the Diocese, were present. The Archdeacon of Hobart Town began his address by reminding the assembled audience of the beloved founder of the College, Sir John Franklin, and the peculiar interest at this time attaching to his memory; as involved in the perils of an Arctic voyage of discovery. The late Warden then recounted to the Bishop the different measures which had been taken in his absence with respect to the College, the Hutchins School in Hobart Town, and the Launceston Grammar School. The Reverend gentleman forcibly urged the merits of that system which the College endeavoured to foster, in which mental strength, rather than mental wealth, should be the primary object, and the mind rather prepared by suitable exercises to grasp with vigour the details of any science or profession into which the pupil might hereafter wish to enter, than prematurely charged with details and facts which experience and practice would soon sufficiently supply. Upwards of £2000 had been expended in furni- ture, repairs, and building, for the sake of an immediate commencement of the College. No portion of this amount, however, could properly be taken from the funds subscribed as endowment, which has ali to be vested in land ; and it there- fore must be considered as a burden, in the shape of a temporary loan, which the College could only be justified in incurring by the great importance of giving early effect to the benevolent designs of its supporters. This partial embarrassment would require renewed efforts, in order to place the Col- lege, as it should be, on a foundation of stability. The rents just received amounted to £980 for the current year; the salaries chargeable upon the estate to £720. The Bishop (who appeared on the present occa- sion in the costume of an Oxford Doctor of Divi- nity) then delivered an address, which excited very lively interest. After complimenting the labours of the Warden in terms of the highest eulogy, and acknowledging in similar terms those of the Sub Warden and Bursar of the College, his Lordship descanted upon the high gratification with which he had heard of the completion of the Launceston Grammar School, and the surprise and pleasure which the progress of the Hutchins School, Hobart Town, had given him. Turning to the students, he described his own eighteen years' experience, first at an English public school, and subsequently at the College of which he was Fellow. This was a sufficient guarantee thal he knew what discipline was, and ought to be ; and it was his firm intention to maintain it there in the highest possible perfec- tion, and to support the authority of the Warden of the College in every endeavour made to that end. His Lordship further enlarged, in winning terms, upon the bfnefits and rewirds which are set before the youthful student who seeks with a single eye the fulfilment of his duties. Study without religious principle, he thought he might safely say, would seldom lead to honour or happi- ness in this world ; and sure he was that it would never do so in the world to come. Upon the conclusion ol the address of the Right Reverend Visitor of the College, the Rev. S. B. Windsor rose, and presenting the late Warden with a service of communion plate from the members of the College, addressed him in Latin as follows : Te in regiones longinquas, prooul a nobis luis amicis, Collegioque nostro abiturum, paucissimis ante discessum verbis, compellare vo- lumns. Ingenium mum ao diligentiam in allis rebus administration), olio rum et>t laudare ; complin es eiiim oímos iu bao Provincia comino ratus, t'cre omnium lauilcm »tipio ndmirationein ob cn cousecutus cs. Sumnio igitur cum giiwlio ticccplmus cotisiu'um case initum, quod et tilii testimtuioncm qua ii plciisqite liabcuiis testetur, et posted* cxcniplo sit quantum egiegiie tua; vii tutes in benevolentiu tot borní. nura ergs to conciliandn valucriut, , Nos vero, quorum olios usus quotidinnus, olios conjtinctissima familial ¡las nretiore leiuin cm Unte devinxit, nostium quoquo desl dciium ct nostrum amorem uliler inoustiate cupimus. liunnquam perspcotum luujcmus te ninfds judicio bonorum quain ¡nsiguibti» glorio) delectan, tarnen considetandum putavimus, etiam si nibil postules, quantum tilii ti nobis debeatur. Munusculum igitur, ad bujusce exemplar oonfectum (nee tuis merillB nee nostro tunori satis atlwijuatumi benigno te animo accep turum spcramus; quippe quod tt uostrl memorialn iu animum identidem revocare, occasionemqucpiobere possit, preces, turn quum maxime efficaces stat, Deo Opt: Max: otlerendi lit Hie nostro* labores secundare veut, et hoc Collegium in honorem sui cominis posimm.opiimis suis donis locuplfct. Illius curs, Illius tutela;, te conmendamns ; quaennque ess, sit Hie tecum ; quoilcunque suseipiai, piosperos Ule det successus, donee hác vita del'unctus, et inter lentos ascriptus oternà illa gloi ia et iis guudlis potiaris qua; omnibus qui diligunt Euin praparavit Jesus Clnistus Dominus noster. Samuel B. Windsor, M.A., Soc. 1 j W. Sorell et Pro Custode | J. Bishton Fitzherbert A. Marriott, M.A., 11 J. Denn Soc.Hon.},H. Rowcroft R. R. Davies, Soc. Hon. ¡ A J. Home P. R. Atkinson, Soc. C. Ashburner W. B. Cartwright, Soc. R. Smith, Soc. Hugh Percy Sorell William Ritchie Howard Drew J. M. Norman W. L. Dobson T. Gaunt E. Nickolls G. W. H.Burgess F. S. Dobson E. P. Adams M. Fletcher Upon the conclusion of which the Rev. Mr. Gell replied Gratias vobis ago, Commilitioncs, qui mihi tantum curarum leva men hodie obiulistis. Quum emin ubbac arena, qua per octo Tere ñutios versatus sim, decedendum csse videatur; et ab ¡stA vitse stiiiione, quain mihi Dens optimus nieximits jam antea' mandant, (hiiiulquaquani sana injussu ttnpuiatoris,) iibeum ; fieri vix polest, quin ma'ioris qundam sensu aluciar, quin nicoiiim officiu dcsiilerem. Vos untern, socii mei, vosque caiiibimi discipuli, desiderium mihi proi sus ahstulistis ; quum temporis liujusce mututioues, etei narum allato lei um pigituie, sublevustis. Saci osanctu mihi iiistiumcnia in manus tradidistis ; bato mihi documento criint, qua; sit vobis mecum unica isla in spii itu prosrntia, quille sit ¡stud \iticulum quo Christi inter se devmciuntur discipuli, lloc mihi duna, iHluctissimi, indicio semper mancbunt, quunta inter Illius conservos sit caritas, quuli se invicem rccurdationc calant. Válete, iteramque válete; coptisquo vestiis adsit Deua, et ad ojitatos successus provehat. The following address was then presented by William Henty, Esq., and a deputation of gentle- men engaged in the foundation of the Gell Scholar- ship :— Rev. and Dear Sir,—The prospect of your departure from this colony, while it might lead us to express those feelings of friendship which we have so long entertained towards you, makes us more especially sensible of the debt this country owes you for the promotion of sound Christian education among all classes of the community. The benefits which we anticipate from that Institution with which you are immediately connected will not be confined to any one class, for the very existence of the College will, we confidently believe, exercise a most salutary influence on our whole social condition ; and we shall ever regard with heartfelt gratitude the memory of one who has devoted all his energies to its establishment. The principles upon which the College Is founded, and its steady advancement, as manifested in the result of the work of a single year, fully justify us in regarding your labours as crowned with success ; and you have the gratification of seeing the Institution placed beyond those contingencies which so long delayed the undertaking which it was the first object of your mission to accomplish. Many of us are aware of the self-denial in which your protracted exertions have involved you ; we have all been witnesses of your earnestness and perseverance ; and it is with sincere satisfaction we learn that a mode of grateful acknowledgment has been designed which will for ever associate your name with the existence of the College. We feel assured that such a memorial will be peculiarly accept- able to your own feelings, seeing that, while it will afford lasting monument of your labours, you will ever be without the pleasure of reflecting that some one student is always deriving therefrom a portion of that blessing which it has been the greatest object of your life to promote among us. You will, we trust, ever look back with satisfaction to the part you have so worthily taken in the advancement of learning tn this distant portion of the empire ; and in the prosperity of the College, and the honourable eminence of is fellows and students of every class, you will find no inadequate reward of your labours. You will, we hope, also be the bearer of our best acknowledgments to Sir John Franklin, the warm and munificent friend of the College, and to the other liberal benefactors in England, whose aid, secured by the exertions of the Ven. Archdeacon Marriott, waa so instrumental in promoting the success of the undertaking. Our earnest with and prayer is that He who has so far stamped with His blessing your labours in the service of His church will be with you whichever you go, and bless you more and more in whatever work you may undertake for the glory ot His name. We now offer you our grateful and hearty farewell, and beg to subscribe ourselves, Rev. and Dear Sir, your sincere friends. [Here follow between 200 and 300 signatures. ] After alluding to the pleasure it gave him that the Bishop should be present to witness this grati A. Bostock C. C. Swim W. Ncilly E. N. Griffiths II. nitchie Cox, min. 1 _" W. Lyons }"«. Cox, mai. W. Bedford >"" E. J. Dumurcsque /"». Bostock, min. 3\. Groom fying occasion, the Rev. gentleman replied as follows: Mt dm Fki(nds,-I «rateftilly. «knowledge the prayers and good wishes which relieve the sorrow I cannot but feet upon arriving at the final day of my employment in your service. Be assured that the best of my humble endeavour» shall not be spared In fulfilling your commission to Sir John franklin, »ud the rest ot the friend« In England, secured to us by the exertions of Archdeacon Marriott. 1 shall testify to them the existence "of n clasi of men in this colony to wham the best services of every lover of his country and his race ate most justly due ¡-a class »ho can appreciate those services with enlarged liberality and repay them, with gratitude ; a class- whose energies have been tasked in the hour of trial and not been found wanting; and who will ever, as 1 fervently trust, be enabled to secure those services which gold cannot purchase, through the commanding influence of those qualifications »W« which the love of leuruing and ot Ireeilom, of purity und of religion, invest our common Immunity. 1 am told we have encountered opposition in this colony, but for which far more might have been accomplished in eight yeurs' time. I doubt it. But «ero it even so, 1 could still be well content to have tim« secured your sympithy and approbation, even at the price of un arduous struggle Your ncknou ledgment of the soundness of those principles upon which our College is founded, convinces me that the labour hitherto expended has not been spent in vain ; and you may contrust with just pride the results you have already attained with those arrived at in oilier colonies. For fifty years has u similar undertaking been on foot in Canada, backed by the efforts of successive Governors, Councils, and Kcelesiusticul authorities. Yet at the t resent moment. Hi« means in our possession, our endowments, and our library may vie with those of the University of Toronto ; and we muy confidently hope that, by a steadfast adherence to principle, tu liberal und ruli|¡io»s principle, we muy far ouistrip the utmost success which any system of mere com- promise can ever effect. In a colony whose existence us yet but little exceeds half the spun of human life, we. moy be permitted to look with hope und satisfaction upon* the youthful students assembled around us. When unotfier thirty years of patient daily labour mid systematic reli.'ious exertion have wrought their natural result upon the fortunes of this institution, it will then be time to measure its strength with those of muturer Institutions in the Uld World. Whatever may be the future fortunes of this colony, my residence within it has cre.ited in my mind an interest which the lapse of time can never efface. You will. 1 trust, pardon me for coupling in this public acknowledgment the names of many of u humbler class with those which uppu.tr in this address, us equally my frie< ds, and equally deserving the reguid of every friend of the colony. Though not directly, yet indirectly, the education of the huinblet seitlers of Van Diemen's Land has ever been near my heart. It is ii debt we owe them ; und one which I trust we never shall repudiate. It has been mv fortune to come to this colony under the rule of one Governor who saw the vast importance of éducation for the higher orders, and of promoting its progress on steady and fixed principles-who stood by those principles while hu was Governor, and backed them with a subscription of .£500 «lien he had ceased to be so. He laboured, and we have entered into his labours. And it lins been my fortune to live io sec the rule of another Governor equally alive to the vital necessity of primary education ; us deter- mined, I trust, to do his duty, as putiem, us content to labour. Let me implore you, therefore, by the friendship you have this day testified, weil to ucigh the consummate importance of his design,; to consider that Sir John Franklin's designs in luvour of a College were entrusted to him who now pleads with you lor the measures of primary education which Ins successor contemplates; to recollect tbut yeurs of uncertainty intervened ere your adoption of the former designs produced the desired effect, mid that nothing but your hearty adoption of tiie latter seems likely to complete the work begun The work of educa'io» must always be a work of self-sacrifice for all concerned ; but it is hardly possible lo forget how cheap, at whatever price, will be the distinction of the best educated people of the Southern World. Unce more accept my thanks for the kindness you have this day shown me. Hud it been to myself alone, pain, at the sense ol mv uuworthiness, would have mingled too much with the feelings which 1 entertain ; but when Hook upon this as a démonstration of your sympathy in the same great objects which I so deeply recognize, pride and pleasure lill my mind, and render the present occasion of our mutual intercourse nut only the last, but the happiest. After these formularies, the company and stu- dents repaired to the College Hall, where they partook of a comfortable and substantial lunch, and parted with much satisfaction. 