AWFUL HURRICANE AT TOBAGO. ON the night ot the 11th of October, the island of Tobago was visited by one of the severest and most desolating hurricanes that has oc- curred within the memory of the oldest inha- bitant. During that day heavy clouds were seen gathering to the west and north, and to- wards the evening the wind blew fresh from the latter quarter. These symptoms of an approaching hurricane seemed to create little or no apprehension in the minds of the inhabi- tants, because Tobago had since 1780 suffered but to a trifling extent from such a cause, and therefore they may truly be said to have been in many respects quite unprepared for such a short but fearful display of omnipotent power. The night of the 11th of October will be long remembered in the annals of Tobago. The day, which was unusually sultry, op- pressive, and lowering, was succeeded in the latter part of the evening by indications of heavy rains from the westward, and towards nine o'clock by slight gusts of wind, which al- though evidencing the approach of a stormy night, was viewed with little alarm. By ten o'clock the heaviest sleeper was roused by the dreadful truth, that a hurricane of the severest kind was ravaging the district. A severe earthquake is said to have preceded the first outbreak, nor can it be doubted after the proofs around us. The wind at first appeared to blow from the west by north, accompanied by heavy rain and lightning, veered towards the south after- wards, and previous to the termination of those dreadful hours of anxiety, blew again with increased violence from the north and east, till one, A.M., of the morning of the 12th. Continuing to rage with such fury for three hours, considerable damage was expected to be done, but the desolation and devastating effects produced by it are beyond description. High and low, rich and poor, have alike experienced its fearful influence, and been made to acknow- ledge the power of that Being " who maketh the clouds his chariot, and who walketh upon the wings of the wind." The lightning was vivid in the extreme, and incessant in its fear- ful brilliancy. No accidents appear to have taken place in this quarter, although several lives are stated to have fallen a sacrifice to its prey—viz., one at Cove, two at Milford, one at Golden Grove, and one at Montgomery. The morning of Tuesday presented a scene of destruction in every quarter to which the eye was directed, accompanied by the too pow- erful proofs of its severity being general, in the crowds of hapless beings passing along the roads with their little all saved ftom the wreck of their buildings, and in search of a covering for themselves and families. The once smiling face of the country, dotted with the cottages and gardens of the labourers, the fruits of by-gone earnings, were swept to the four winds of heaven, and no protection left them but the hill side or the ravine, till the morning broke. The dwelling-houses on estates generally, have suffered terribly. Some are entirely swept away, and their inhabitants at the pre- sent moment obliged to resort for shelter to any field which offers a present protection against the elements, and, it is to be feared, with little prospect of having such dwellings again raised. Trees, the growth of many, many years, which withstood the violence of all preceding hurricanes, have been bent and twisted like willow wands, and present themselves denuded of foliage, stripped of their branches, and in many instances torn up by the roots and cast to a distance. The canes which, during the eventful day, looked healthy and luxuriant, have been in every case prostrated, as if a destroying tor- rent of water had passed over them, and torn their leaves into shreds. Those most advanced have suffered most severely, we fear, in several cases, irremediably. The less advanced plants present a more encouraging appearance, but afford no hopes that they will fully recover from their effects. Confident hopes are indulged in by some that the oldest plants may yet recover, but the forebodings of the many tend to destroy the supposition ; nor can it be concealed, whilst numbers are completely uprooted and many prostrate, that others are more or less injured. The destruction of sugar works, &c.;, is so wide spread and general, and the means of re- storing them so doubtful, as to cast a general gloom over the community. Wheresoever buildings have escaped from the fury of the tempest, they have been obliged to be used for the houseless sufferers on the estates and neighbourhood, whilst the dwelling- houses left standing have been similarly appropriated. I fear no very favourable account can be given of the provision grounds. The corn is laid flat ; cassada and yams much shaken, and in too many cases rooted up. Plantains have been quite destroyed ; sweet potatoes have suf- fered least of all. We are enabled to state, on undoubted au- thority, that throughout the island, thirty great houses (or manager's houses) are com- pletely destroyed ; thirty- one ditto, ditto, severely injured ; twenty-six works completely destroyed, thirty-three ditto severely injured ; four hundred and fifty-six settlers' houses de- stroyed; one hundred and seventy-six ditto greatly injured. In Scarborough, Rocky Vale, Monkey Town, Lower Town of Scarborough, and otherwise in the vicinity of Scarborough alone-one hundred and twenty-two houses of all descriptions (including out-buildings) were totally destroyed ; eighty-four ditto greatly injured. The loss of life is estimated at nine- teen only. The whole of the barracks were unroofed, and some of the side walls blown down ; the officers' quarters were entirely stripped of their verandahs, roofs, and shingles, windows and doors blown in and broken, part of the roof of the hospital blown down, canteen, ordnance stores, and out-building, in ruins ; one soldier of the 19th regiment killed, and another seri- ously injured ; several soldiers of the 1st West India Regiment also seriously injured by the falling of the ruins. All the officers escaped, excepting the deputy ordnance storekeeper, who was much injured by the falling of his house, and the fort- adjutant received a contu- sion whilst extricating others from the ruins. By the unwearied exertions of the officers of the garrison, particularly the officer command- ing, the troops were provided with shelter and comfortable accommodation, under the circum- stances (the rain falling in torrents during the following day), the greater part in tents erected in the pasture, and many in buildings temporarily cleared for their reception. The loss of stores, arms, &c.;, is immense ; and from the total destruction of the barracks, it has been deemed advisable to send the whole of the white troops to Trinidad, for which pur- pose the brig Judson has been chartered, and sails for that island this evening. ELECTION OF THE ARCHBISHOP OF YORK. On Wednesday, in pursuance of Her Majesty's writ of congé d'elire, the Dean and Chapter of York proceeded to elect an archbishop. The proceedings commenced at 10 o'clock in the forenoon, when the members of the chapter, appearing in their robes, took their respective stalls in the choir of the Cathedral, which was much crowded by persons wishing to witness the ceremony. Divine service was commenced at the above hour, when the Rev. W. Metcalfe chanted the Litany, and the hymn, "Come, Holy Ghost," was afterwards sung. A pro- cession of the members of the chapter and the vicars-choral, headed by the choir, was then formed to the chapter-house, which soon be- came filled to excess. The following clergy were present, viz. :– Members of the chapter, the Rev. W. H. Dixon, canon residentiary; the Rev. Canon Hawkins; the Venerable Archdeacon Creyke ; the Venerable Arch- deacon Churton ; the Rev. Canon Trevor ; the Rev. Canon Johnstone; the Rev. Canon G. Dixon ; the Rev. Canon Coates ; the Rev. Canon Cooke ; the Rev. Canon Croft ; the Hon. and Rev. Canon Duncombe ; the Rev. Canon Hotham ; the Rev. Canon Barnes ; the Rev. Canon Wrightson ; and the Rev. Canon Sharpe. Vicars-choral – the Rev. Dr. Stead- man ; the Rev. E. J. Raines ; the Rev. W. Metcalfe ; the Rev. W. Pulmer ; and the Rev. W. H. Oldfield. The Rev. W. P. Dixon, canon-residentiary (in the absence of the Very Rev. the Dean) presided, and the proceedings were commenced by the apparitor exhibiting the original citations, and making oath of the due execution thereof. The apparitor then went to the inner door of tho chaptcr-house and called the members of the chapter, the ab- sentees being pronounced contumacious by the president. These preliminaries having been gone through, the writ of conge d'elire, autho- rising the dean and chapter to proceed to the election of an archbishop, and the Queen's letter, recommending the Right Rev. Dr. Musgrave to be by them elected, was read by Mr. C. A. Thiselton, the registrar. The cere- mony of the election then took place, and the preident and canons present having signified their assent to the election of Dr. Musgrave, such consent was reduced to writing, and having been read was duly signified by the president. The election having been com- pleted, the president then published it in the nave of the cathedral, and on the return to the chapter - house it was decreed, that the election be signified and certified to the Queen and also to the Archbishop-Elect, and proctors were appointed for that purpose. A procession was then again formed, and the chapter returned to the choir. When they came to the west door of the choir, the president again published the election, ad- dressing those in the nave. The members of the chapter then took their stalls, and the "Te Deum" was sung, the president giving out the first words. The prayers for the Queen and clergy were then said, and the service being concluded, tho chapter again returned to the chapter-house, when the necessary instruments were publicly read and decreed to be sealed, and the chapter having adjourned to the ves- try for that purpose, they were sealed with the common seal. This completed the ceremony of electing the Archbishop of York. — Doncaster Gazette. NEW HOUSES OP PARLIAMENT.— The fol- lowing report of Mr. Barry, the architect, on the New Houses of Parliament at Christmas last, appears in the report, of the Com- missioners of Woods and Forests, printed on Saturday :– " The whole of the carcase works of the north, the east, and the south fronts of the buildings are completed. A suite of 19 rooms on the second floor of the river front has been temporarily, and in part permanently fitted up for use as committee-rooms. The Victoria tower is above 80 feet in height, and the ground roof over the state entrance within it, is completed, with the exception of the carvings. The Clock Tower is 84 feet in height. The central hall, together with the whole of the buildings adjacent to it, are carried up to their full height. The groining of the ground-hall, of the central hall, and adjoining corridors, is in a forward state of preparation. The walls of St. Stephen's porch, with the adjoining entrances from Westminster-hall and St. Margaret's-street, are 20 feet above the ground. St. Stephen's-hall is upon an average two-thirds of its full height. The internal fronts of all the inner courts of the building, as far as it is now in hand, and the whole of the carcase works of the new buildings around them, are completed. The front towards New Palace- yard is completed, with the exception of a few of the stone pinnacles and the terminals on the parapet, and the iron roof above it over the Commons' residences is fixed. The second floor of this portion of building has been tem- porarily fitted up as offices for the use of the House of Commons. The iron roofing of the House of Commons is completed, and the pub- lic-library adjoining is ready to receive its ceil- ing beams. The works of this portion of the building are at present suspended, and will so remain until the warming and ventilating ar- rangements to be applied to it are finally de- cided upon. The House of Lords, together with the Victoria Hall and public lobby, are nearly completed in all their details, and will be ready for occupation during the ensuing (the present) session. The ventilating and warming arrangements for this portion of the building are nearly completed. Separate tem- porarary approaches to the new House of Lords have been provided both for the use of peers and of the public. Temporary communi- cations have also been formed from the Vic- toria-hall to the Peer's temporary committee- rooms in the river front. The joiners' works and the finishings for the completion of the committee-rooms, libraries, and refreshment rooms belonging to each of the Houses are in a state of great forwardness ; a considerable por- tion of them are already fixed, and the fittings of the remainder is in hand. There are at present 1470 men employed upon the works of the new Palace, of which number 859 are employed at the building, 100 at the quarries, 260 at the Government workshops at Thames-Bank, upon the joiners' finishings and wood carvings, and 251 upon miscellaneous works both at the building and elsewhere." THE LATE DR. DIEFFENBACH. – A letter from Berlin, of the 20th ult., says :– " The rumours that have been circulated, that the late Dr. Dieffenbach was not dead but only in a state of trance, though incorrect as to the fact, were not altogether groundless. The body of the deceased seemed to undergo no change. This may be attributed to the sud- den death of the doctor without any previous illness. On a minute examination by some of the first physicians, signs of putrefaction were discovered. Some medical students, however, and especially a M. D-, of Konisgsberg, a countryman of the deceased, maintained that life was not extinct. The corpse was watched by them, the body having been placed in an open coffin. M. D-even sent to the wife of the deceased^to inform her that he had discovered symptoms of vitality, and re- quested her to send some wine. The excite-, mont and anxiety caused in Dr. Dieffcnbach's family by this announcement was intense The physicians renewed their assertion that he was dead, and Dr. Holthof, a nephew of the deceased, expressed the same opinion. A mag- netic battery was then applied to the body, and M. D-succeeded in pouring some wine down the throat of the dead man. Meantime an extraordinary scene took place in the house of Dr. Holthof. A woman who had been for- merly under the care of Dr. Dieffenbach, and who regards herself as a clairvoyante, asserted that she had a vision, and that she was in- formed that the doctor was only in a trance. These combined circumstances of so extraor- dinary a nature were carried from mouth to mouth, and many personsjs began to doubt whether the doctor was really dead. The state of anxiety of Madame Dieffenbach and the other members of the doctor's family may be more easily imagined than described." Globe. THE LATELY DISCOVERED VOLCANO " IN VICTORIA LAND" TOWARDS THE SOUTH POLE. With a favourable breeze, and very clear weather, we stood in to the southward, close to some land which had been in sight since the preceding noon, and which we called the " High Island :" it proved to be a mountain twelve thousand four hundred feet of elevation above the level of the sea, emitting flame and smoke in great profusion ; at first the smoke appeared like snow drift, but as we drew nearer its true character became manifest. The dis- covery of an active volcano in so high a southern latitude cannot but be esteemed a circumstance of high geological importance and interest, and contribute to throw some further light on the physical construction of our globe. I named it " Mount Erebus," and an extinct volcano to the eastward, little in- ferior in height, being by measurement ten thousand nine hundred feet high, was called " Mount Terror." At 4h. P.M. of 28th January, Mount Erebus was observed to emit smoke and flame in unusual quantities, pro- ducing a most grand spectacle. A volume of dense smoke was projected at each successive jet, with great force, in a vertical column, to the height of between fifteen hundred and two thousand feet above the mouth of the crater, when condensing first at its upper part, it descended in mist or snow, and gradually dis- persed, to be succeeded by another splendid exhibition of the same kind in about half an hour afterwards, although the intervals be- tween the eruptions were by no means regular. The diameter of the columns of smoke was be- tween two and three hundred feet, as near as we could measure it ; whenever the smoke cleared away, the bright red flame that filled the mouth of the crater was clearly percep- tible ; and some of the officers believed they could see streams of lava pouring down its sides until lost beneath the snow which de- scended from a few hundred feet below the crater, and projected its perpendicular icy cliff several miles into the ocean — Ross's Voyage of Discovery. PARLIAMENTARY PASTIME«.-Two new games have been introduced into the House of Com- mons since the commencement of the extraor- dinary session, and played with much spirit by honorable members. The first is called " Hunt the Pressure," and is thus played :-Members having taken their scats, all the' events of the last two years are called in, and set d iwn be- fore the house. They conceal " the Pressure" among them, and the game consists in finding out under which of them it is hidden. The house presonts the most animated appearance while the hunt is going on, and the greatest amusement is caused by the wild attempts of members to guess where " tho Pressure" really is hidden. " I've got it !" cries Lord George, seizing furiously on Freo Trade. " Here it is !" and he brings to light some- thing which turns out to be " Plenty" instead of " Pressure." " Nonsense !" cries Sir Wil- liam Molesworth, " hero it is under Rail- ways," and he pulls out " Employment." " Its under Famine !" shouts another honorable member. " It's under Bank Restriction !" interpose half-a- dozen members at once tumbling over each other in their eagerness to lug the act of 1841 out of its place, to seize on "the Pressure" under it. There is nothing. The struggle waxes warmer. Lord John grasps Railways and Famine at once, in his conviction th.it they have hidden the missing object be- tween thom. His example is followed by twenty others. The wholo circle of events is hurled topsy turvy. Everybody declares ho knows exactly where " the Pressure" is, but somehow nobody catches it. The fun of the game consists in its never coming to a conclu- sion. The other, and equally favourite game, is called " Blind Member s Buff." A Member is blindfolded. The Pressure is allowed to run about the house, with Famine, Freo i Trade, Railway Works, the Bank Act, and the others who haver just formed the circle for I" Hont the Pressure«"' The object is to catch the Pressure, Of course, the Bund Member is continually catching the wrong- thing, and the fun of tho house is exoessivo at his assertions that he has got hold of the pressure, when he really is grasping one or more of the bewilder- ing crowd about him,-Punch. PRIZE LAW FOR CUT-THROAT SLAVERS. The prisoners in a captured slaver rise against the prize crew, and attempt to butcher the commanding officer; a gallant resistance is made, and the cut throat gang is overpowered. The seamen, smarting with their wounds, and seeing their officer almost in a dying state, are about to put their assailants to death, but their officer interposes to save the ruffians, and orders that their wounds may be washed, and that they may be reserved for the punishment of the law. They are put on their trial accord- ingly, and the Court holds that, as the alleged crime was committed in an attempt to re-cap- ture their vessel, then under the Brazilian flag, and not amenable to British jurisdiction, sentence of a Court of Admiralty not having been pronounced, the prisoners must be dis- charged. This may be very good Admiralty law, but it is very inconsistent with the interests of humanity. It encourages the crews of captured slavers to rise against their captors, and murder them if they can ; as, if they succeed, they will recover their liberty, the vessel, and cargo, and proceed in their career of crime ; and if they fail, there is no law for their punishment, and they will be quietly discharged. On the other hand, it will lead to truculent severities on the other side ; for, in the next defeated attempt to murder a prize crew, there will be no interposition to save the wretches from death, or to treat them with humanity, waiting the award of justice. The case we have stated is that of the Romeo Primero, captured by the Waterwitch, and confided to Lieutenant Mansfield, whose con- duct in resisting and defeating the prisoners in revolt was gallant and humane to the highest degree. But we must add, that in this, as in every instance of the same class we have ever seen, there had been the greatest imprudence in leaving the captured crew at large, and with the opportunity of seizing weapons. — Exa- miner. PORT ELIZABETH.-THE " THUNDERBOLT." -The wreck , of the Thunderbolt has been farther laid open by an explosion of 4201bs. of gunpowde^ placed against her bows. The immense charge was enclosed in'an iron barrel within a cask, and from it arose, as before, the pipe through which the lighted match or fusee was to drop upon the charge. The fusee was mado of a composition somewhat different from that used on the former occasion, so as to burn more slowly, but. through this greater caution on tho part of the contriver, Mr. J. O. Smith, a very serioui accident was nearly incurred. The match being several minutes in burning away its support, the men in the boat who had lighted it believed that it had gone out, and were again pulling towards the wreck, when Mr. Smith, who was able to observe through a telescope the blue smoke of the match, caused every signal to be made to the men in the boat, by which they were led again to pull off just in time ; for scarcely had they withdrawn to a sufficient distance, when the explosion went off, raising an immense column of water of great diameter from 50 to 100 feet in the air, and strew ing the whole beach opposite with fragments of wreck., One largo beam was shot a long way into the sand, and the bow of the vessel entirely rent asunder. On Friday, another charge, of about 1301bs., placed against the stern of the vessel, was fired, and by the explosion, the after part of the vessel was blown out Those who witnessed these explosions, describe the scene as well worth seeing ; and we ourselves must confess that, in the success which attended the at- tempts so persevoringly made by the owners to remove the wreck of the Thunderbolt from our " landing beach, we have been agreeably disappointed." We hope that no wrecks will any longer bo permitted to obstruct the " land- ing."-Nautical Standard. The Gazette of Tuesday, November 24, noti- fies the appointment of the Bishop of Oxford to be her Majesty's High Almoner in the room of Dr. Edward Harcourt, Archbishop of York, deceased. I DEATH OP MR. JUSTICE BURTON,-The ve- nerable Charles Burton, the senior puisne Judge of the Court of Queen's Bench, breathed his last, without a struggle or pain, this after- noon, at his residence in St. Stephen's-grccn, Ho had been but a few days ailing, and jio later than last week was in sufficiently robust health to take walking exercise. He was called to tho Irish bar in 1792, and must have been fast verging on his 90th year. 