MISCELLANEOUS. ' Mr. Campbell's Lectures. — In nno- j liter column will be found an advertise- ! rnent, Htinouncng a lcciute this c>euin<: ! and one l i-titorrotv, bt A. C ropbcll, j "Esq , of Bethany, United Sltrei. The! following, ir -in the pen of Mrs, Iiul lope, who whs | r.'seot nt his dcba'c I with Robert Owen, cannot but tic tut e I resting to out' readers : — " It was in die ! e' tly summer of this y ar (IS2'J) ilia C ncinatti offered a sp-t tncle intpre-e- don ctl , 1; beliewpin any age or co ;> titrv- Mr Owen; ol Lutt-irk, of New Uarntony "otTcia-', well known to the wo, lft by u II or either of these additions, had qhahenged the whole of the rrliyoos I public uf the U nihil Suites ro d-scuss I with him i uhlu ly ti e tiutii orf.l-ehood 1 of nil leligions that had e»er been |.ro- paffattd on the face of lite earth, stat ing further, thnt i e uudettpok to prove that they were all equally false and neatly all equally mi clt evous Thi appallintr chrllenge was conveyed to the woild through the medium of the New Oilcans newspapers, it- d fo' some time itrreniained unanswered. At length, the He». A. Cuuipbell, fr >m Betha ny, (uot of Jud a, but of Ken tucky,) proclaimed that he was ready to lake up the gaunt lei. T he place fixed h r this extr lordiuuty discus sion was Ciiicioatti, the lime the serond M.ii day, in Mav, 1829; being about a yi-ar from tho time the challenge was accepted." Mrs. Trollopethen goes on to describe the meeting, and the effec of, Mr. Owen's first address, an I then speaks of Mr. Campbell in the following t'rms: — "Mr. Campbell then arose, hi person, voice and manner all g-ratlv in his favour. In his first attuck he used th' arms which generally have : cen c n- sidered as belonging to the other siJe of the, question. He quizz d Mr. Owen most unmet ciftt Ily ; pinched hitn here for his pnrallelogiams ; hit him there for his human p- rfectability, and kept the whole audience in a roar of laughter. .Mr. Owen joined most he.rtily l.im'eff, and listened to him, throughout, wiih the air of a to n who. i.delighted at lite good tilings he u i earing; and exactly in the cue to enjoy all the good tilings he ts sure will follow. Mr. Campbell's watch was the o iy one whit h remindad us that we bad lis ened to him h.tlf- an- hour, and having continued speaking for a few minutes after he had looked ut it, lie sat down with, I shou'd thiuk, the universal jd miration ol his auditory " Zoobyical Gardens.— The vi- iters to these he.utitul iturdenj, so full of inte ! resting objects, have again been mme ! reus, and they have enjoted a week o! splendid weather. It is not one visit, j nor u dozen, that euu exhaust thu varml ( attr actions of this favourite p'ae.e r.f ! resort. To the ctmtcmp'ative roiml j esaecially there are alway fresh mate- j rials for pleasurable observation, either ' in noticing net habits and instincts n the animals or hi paying re»eweiJ a-d clostr retard to oute whirh had ,e ceivcd but cursory attention. One rf tlie black swans is again rearing a br-nd j of young cygoets. A couple '.of -ft.tr ; herons l.ave l,-. n a iftvii to the itili ihi - j unls of ilia ,o-,!. it is interesting t , | wa ch tlfve tit .tures.ij they Stan! roli- ' tury and aloof lr„m the more rest.ess bitJs .vitt-hsp rt over the sut face. W.- saw ne f tln.u a lew days ago, lake up a | oairiu., of vviitciifu'ness so intense, autl rrtin hia a'tttude so rigidly and withauthuti entire abjen.c ot mutton, lhat parties 'O tv'iyut ue pniitted it out in t- led thai n »is slufiaj Lit IT, 11, cd in l- e wa-er tor pi :u c-qoe <ff.«t. .The M,.l lir.j t» r _ .!» ii iiiao'y frsei on a r u k .tln.ii hid place f itMll at tin- opt ts in; in oft!).- jioiil. It 'was i.« 'i!l sun,.- it niter rhe rccptieU' pirty. who .c -.r!!y 1 at us" to ) t in vi.'g rin l»: I t-i h.i ' q tiitcil ll'.- spot, .i..it it—- e ra.iira cl,at'g«-d i s J'yjltoo. Vie uher-t-id putuled «ut the b.r.l to oui seepti a' itiruJ, woiiug in uunthcr , .iri .0 t c pool, but (til un. Uvr ii.rtliK'k t'ushfj vvhch thcSf lvv-rs of s ilittttle Imvc appropriated ns their residence, ll is known to those who tire conversant wi'lt the' habits of the heron that the ltird will stand for hours in tlie water, nioti nless as a piece ol rock, ti 1 some unwaty fish gl des near his soli my post, when with the sp;cd of light, lie darts III trill ai the' ttnsuspi ciims wanderer, and transfers it to his crop. A Scaihid pisturbed at Maitae. — ' We hear iliat, near midnight of the (3th instant, a sentry nt the Naval Hospital, ron onq of the posts (perhaps one of the most lonely on the- island) fronting llinella Hay, on indistinctly descrying a boat which was lurking about the shore, hailed it. No answer wa given. After a pause the challenge was repeated. Still no notice was taken ; hut on the contrary, the boat made towards a land ing-place in the neighbourhood, when the sentry, after another challenge, fired al it with ball cartridge, concluding that bis post was forced, lie re-loaded and fired again, upon which the boat made off, " staying," like the Ghost of Hamlet, " no further question." The sentry on the post fronting Yalet'a states that, on hearing the shots, lie hastened to the spot, but, owing to the darkness of the night, all that lie ub- j scurely saw was a boat hurrying rapidly l off. The sent')' who tired dyes uot j know whether any of the trespassers (if they were not something worse) were | wounded or not. lie admits, however, ' that, judging from the sound, one of his 'shots must have perforated the boat. Four ball- cartridges wrre found deit- ! cient in his cartridge-box ; but otic was spoi'cd in loading, and, in fact, it i appears that two shots only were fired. I The trespassers hare made no complaint, 1 thereby evincing a consciousness that i they were about no good. No words | can express hotv cautious a sentry ; ought to be in using his deadly weapon ; 1 and, therefore, his orders are merely to prevent boats landing, having no autho rity for firing, except by express direc tion of a responsible officer, unless his post should be positively " forced," which the senliy states in this case was really the case. Meanwhile, he has very nearly been put under arrest, pend ing the decision of the general com manding the forces, who will -probably order a court martial to investigate this affair. — Malta Times. Horri'.-le Crimes. — A letter front Jassy, in tbe ' Gazette des Tribuuaux' says, " In the beginning of last mouth a pedlar, travelling through Moldavia, ' finding night coming on whilst he was | still far front any town, determined on asking a night's shelter in the first house he should arrive at. It turned out to be the residence of a man em ployed in keeping the public roads in repair. His wife only was at home, i and she consented to receive the tra veller. lo the middle of the night, however, suspecting that he had money, she got up and murdered him. When her husband returned he was horror- struck at finding the dead body, but his wife persuaded hitn to set at ouce ; about hiding it 'in a neighbouring wood, j The husband accordingly took it to \ some distance and buried it in a hole ; which he dog in the snow. The next' day the little daughter of the guilty \ couple, being sent out lo gather brush- ; wood, declared when she returned that j she had followed the footsteps of her ; father io the snow and had seen one of the hands of the body striking up, ' so that,' she observed, ' it is sure lo he , seen !' The mother, findiug that the , child was aware of the murder, dtler- ! mined iti getting rid of her altogether. ! She waited until her husband had gone j out, and heating the oven, she thrust her child into it, notw.thsta ding her, supplications and cries. This latter , crime was, however, witnessed by an old beggar woman, who was attracted , to the spot by the outcry, and saw ' through the window what nas going on. Although afraid to interfere, to prevent the death of the child, she went off to : the nearest habitation and stated what had occurred. The peasants of the neighbourhood at once proceeded to the, house, and were struck on arriving there with an overpowering smell arising f.-um the burnt body. The tii >th:r at first denied that she had thrust her child into the oven, affirming that 'it was a little roasting pig which she was cooking, hut which having j got burnt, had caused the odour. She was. however,, arrested, and, with her husband, tried for the two murders. The husband 'tVas condemned to 'hard labour, for life, and the. woman to bet 1-urut alive. The si- n ten ce ha been carried into execution al -Jassy:' Curbtns Patent. — Among the recent American patent i lire, fo lowing " To John Allan, of Cincinnati, Ohio, for a 'method iif r-storing the fuluess cr rouudness lo the cheeks." The pa tentee claims, as his invention, and de- sins to secure by letters p -lent, restoring bol ow cheeks to their natural j contour and rutuudily by means of ! metallic bulbs, turned, fitted to, and secured in the moOth, by any suitable | attachment between the jaw-bone atitl j the mouth. " Fjrlctnale Escape. — Ori Saturday ! week, as the railway train which left j Aix- A-Ciiapalle at seven o'clock , as cotniug up to the station at , Verviers, | 1 the door of the carriage, in which was j Madame Duiiesme, the wife of the chief of that station;- with her two childten, | opened suddenly, aud the, children, who were leaning against it, fell out. At Ihe cries of the mother, who , feared nothing less than that Iter children must be ' killed, tbe train was- irame- j diateiy stopped acd the children tokeu j ' up, when, to the astonishment of every one, neither of litem had suffered tnore than some very slight contusions. H'restlinff Match bct.'vccn a Cornish. . Miner and a Condor. — In riding along the p'airi I passed a dead horse, abuul which were forty or fifty candor. Many of them were gorged and unable to Ily, , sevcra' were standing oil the ground devouring tho- carcase, the rest liuvering" above it. I rode within twenty yards of them. One of the largest of the birds tyas standing with one font on the ground and the other on lite horse's body, — display of muscu'ar strength as he lifted the flesh and tore off great pieces, sometimes shaking his head and pu ling with his beak, and sometimes- pushing' with hi leg. Got to Mendoza and w ent to bed. Wakened by one of tny parly tvho arrived. He tu'd me, that, seeing the condors hover ing in the air, and knowing that some i f them would be gorged, be had also ridden up lo the dead horse, and that as one of these enormous birds flew about fifty yards off, and was unable to go any farther, he rode up to him, mid, then, jumping off his horse, seised htm by the neck. The contest was extra ordinary and the rencontre unexpected. No two animals can well be imagined less likely lo meet than a Cornish miner and a condor, and fctv could have ca - cutated, a year ago, when the one was hovering high abore the snotvy pinna cles of the Cordillera and the other many fathoms beneath -the surface of the ground in Cornwall, that they would ever meet to wrestle and " hug upon the wide desert plain of Villa Vicencia. My companion said lie had never had such a Baltic in a 1 his life ; that he put his knee upon the bird's breast, and tried with all his strength lo twist his nrck ; hut that the condor, ! objecting to this, struggled violently ; and that, also, as several others were flying over his head, he expected they woui.i attack him. He said, that al last he sticcredrd in killing his antago nist, and with great pride lie showed mc the large feilhtrs front his wings. Hut when the third horseman came in he told its that he had found the condor in the path, but not quite (lead. — . Mr Francis Head s Journeif across the 7'anipas. | . 1 Faithful .Mate. — A curious in- : stance of extreme affection in an ani. i mal, which ended fatally, look place . last week at the country residence of Baron Gauci In this island. A female i gazalle having suddenly died from something it had eaten, the male stooJ over the dead body of his male, hutting every one who attempted lo touch it, . then, suddenly making a spring struck his head against a wall and fell dead at j the side of his coiupaoioa. — .Malta ! ; Times. j f Lnta Monies as I'eniu, the Kiny of \ : liaroria as Jupiter. — It is staled in j Democratic Pacijjgttc that Lola ! ' Mnntes was possessed by an epistolary j | devil, writing lo very many acquaint- ances, and very many journals, in very many places. Further the same paper I states, that Louis, by the Grace of God, ! King. &.c. , has arranged a bal'cl (to ! which Listz contributes the orotic) founded ou some mythological occur rences given on the authority of one ! Ovid. King Louis is to enact Jupiter ; ! Lola Monies, Venus. The King de- j clares that he'll dance himse f. It may j be observed, that some scanda ous xnd ! ridicu'ous story like this is always pro- j mulgated whenever the King propounds ; any great or liberal measure in favour f of his people. i Tk'ni of Parisian Scandal. — A very i scandal, jus affair lias been for several ! days the subject of Parisian conversa- ; tlu in high life. A personage of the highest rank, thirty-three years of age, and married, and being alio ' the father of three pretty children, has been found by General D- in criminal convcr- : sat ion mtb hi wife. . General D ' , who at first did uot recognize him, : would have killed bim oo the .spot, and : though the personage declared his rank, ! the offended husband said that ho would ' . summon him before the Court of Peers,! : and gave him a sonnd thrashitig before ' . dismissing him. Tile affair has given , . rise to many negotiations in order to ; suppress tbe scandal, and it is xa.d that ' ; the young man will be obliged' to- travel for several months. - ' Le ; | Courrier Francais" says, that a report n i j current that the Duke of Nemours is about to tr.ake a-voyage to Algeria. i j Georyc Fond. — Tlu married name, i of George Saud is - Madame Duueraut , I — ber maiden name' il Aurore (lupin, i j Royal blood flows in' her veins ; for! j her grandfather, by the mother's xidrj ! was the celebrated Marechal Saxe, the , ! son of Augustus II, of Poland, lfcr , t father, M. Duptn, was a so'dirr, one of . I tite aides-de camp of .Ma.-,!ial -Jurat, , ; Slid died on the field of battle, leaving; I his child Aurore an orphan at an early 1 j age. She inherited a cousiderab'e for- i I tune. At tlie age of seventeen, Aurore j ; Dupiu was by her friend provided with a husband, and handed over to ri M. - ' Dude vant, with whom a manage de Couctuance, as it' is commonly called j in France, was concluded Eight years 1 I did this pair live together, during which I time Madame D'ide«ant became tire mi- Iher of two' children Aurore Dug in j | was young and Ufcautiful ; M. Dudfyaut ! was cJd'aud iUr/avoured. During sotue ! psriot liia , Lfq lie had been a soldier, iaed Ilk, all old soldiers, lie enforced | strict discipline io" bis household.- fc'er- Yants, "dogs,' and " horses trembled at the Sound uf his voice. lie wa dull and | pruzy. emotion ess. but Impatient of j contradiction, ?ond pf ihoiiry and per | tonal comfort, and' ignorant without 2-!i-X5tg'JaL2-IJt!.t.l.!t!J: LL- I.. ..u == sympathy for his kind ; though just, according to the letter of the latv, he i was arbitrary and tyrannic as a despot. 1 She. revolted, and quilled her married i home in the year 1830, leaving cvery- : thing behind her but her children, whom j Alt Dudrv ,iit would not allow her to j take with her tutlesi' on condition of ' surrendering lo him nlmorl her whole i fortune, sumc five hundred thousand i francs To preserve her independence I and her children, s!w r,-'ive «|» (his money i lo him. .vhc went straight to Paris, i there to commence writing for her own j (itid her children' bread, under the as- | sinned name of George Sand. ! Fudge.—TUc word Fudge was hardly ) great enough forourgrcat lexicographer < to notice. It wa known, however," to | onr language long. before hi friend, i Goldsmith, made such ample use of il i in his ' Vicar uf Wakefield for DT»- ! racli says that in 1 Remark upon the j Navy,' published in 1700, is the follow- j ing anecdote : — there wa in our lime one Pudge, captain of a merchantman, j who upon his return from a voyage, j how ill so ever his ship was fraught, i always brought home his owners a good ! cargo of falsehoods ; so that now, 1 aboard ship, the sailors, when they hear j a great falreho -d told, cry out, ' You j fudge it.' — J'oi/ndcr's lAtertiry Ex- j tracts, 