The Editor of this Journal invites the free expres- sion of the opinions of his Correspondents, but can- not be held responsible for them. The name and address of the writer must accompany each com- munication. To the Editor of the "Independent Journal." Sir,—The other day I happened to stum- ble into a store where all kinds of curiosi- ties are to be seen, but one thing above the rest attracted my attention, and you are ready to ask-what was that ? why one of the largest farmers in the colony buying flour !—a farmer buying flour ?—yes, Sir, its' a true bill. I enquired how that came to pass, with a confession on my own part, and after a bit of a wangy we came to the conclusion that—there must be something wrong. It will be my business at present to detect the locality of this "Mr. Some- thing Wrong," who is a very slippery gentleman, and much of the same charac- tor as "Mr. Nobody," who is about eve- rybody's establishment, does much mis- chief, and yet is never seen. I am the more inclined to this arduous undertaking, because some people are uncommonly libe- ral in their abuse of the farmer for not growing more corn, and stigmatise him as a "fool"—perhaps we may find the real "fool" before we have done. That there is something wrong no one can deny, but, whether it be with the far- mer, the public, or the government, remains to be shewn. As to the farmer, poor fellow ! he has been bled, blistered, physicked, leeched, and cupped, to that degree by certain doc- tors, hereafter to be named, that he is in the last stage of a consumption—the mere ghost—the shade of happier and more healthy times—he can but just whisper, the cost of production is without remunera- tion, nay, even worse, at a positive sacrifice. In order to produce corn many hands must be employed ; the clearing of land at about £3 per acre, we will pass over, and state that in general, the high price of farm la- bor—from 24s. to 30s. per week, or from 100 to 150 per cent, above English prices, is a leech on the farmer's vitals ; every bit of an urchin of a lad must needs have 30s. a month or £18 a year, when in England £2 or £2 10s. would be the utmost that he could obtain. A plough must be ob- tained—away the farmer goes, honest soul that he always was ! to the carpenter and blacksmith, they, with a good deal of coax- ing, consent to make a thing, something like a plough, at the reasonable charge of 200 to 300 per cent, above English prices, and harrows about the same; a pretty strong dose of mercury this, enough to salivate him. In a day or two he visits the smith again with his plough-share— "whats' the charge?" "Oh, only 5s!"— modest man ! in England it is, 1s. 3d., and ten times better done—just 300 per cent. dear. The horses must be shod sooner or later—2s. all round in England, 8s. here— farmers, beware of this smooty son of old Vulcan, or he will have your liver as well as your blood. The harness- maker must be visited ; to be sure he is a modest sort of a man, he only charges 100 per cent, on English prices, but then his leather, which is colonial and worth 100 per cent, less than English, makes it amount to 200 per cent., but this is only a cupping, perhaps his mis- fortune not his fault. The storekeeper's shop must be visited now and again ; his cupidity is universally known and amounts to a perfect blistering from head to foot. Mr. Snob will expect a visit about six times a year, and if your boot be too small cut out the inner part of the heel and you will find a piece of green bullock's hide with the hair on ! to my surprise, the other day I felt a piece of leather on my boot-sole knocking against the ground after a week's wear—wonder and astonishment! on ex- amination, a piece of sheep's-skin had been tacked on to cover something worse. Go to the knight of the thimble, and he will charge you for making an article, precisely the same as you will get the article alto- gether for in England. The last of this blood-sucking tribe, I shall mention under this head is the miller; after clearing, ploughing, sowing, harrowing, cutting, ga- thering, threshing, and winnowing, you visit this crusher of grain, he is what he was always said to be, and fully maintains his character on this side the line. The miller in England is an honest man com- pared with this fellow here—the one will fetch and carry at 3s. 6d. per quarter (8 bushels), here you must fetch and carry yourself at from 12s. to 15s., and with a good deal of persuasion in a few weeks you may get a loaf of bread, having first given him fully one-third of the crop, carrying and fetching included (Yorkshire); the small remnant is boxed off to market, and where that is goodness knows, for I know not ; many a farmer has walked the streets of York's mighty city in quest of one, un- til his belly had become empty and his eyes begun to swim, at last he turns his weary feet homewards with a mortal dis- gust against men and measures. I say the farmer is a fool if he grows more corn than is necessary for the supply of his own wants—and now, where is Mr. Something Wrong ? why everywhere ! la- borers, carpenters, smiths, sadlers, store- keepers, shoemakers, tailors, millers, &c;, &c; take a friendly hint—when the last knell of the farmer's passing bell reverbe- rates on your ear, remember, it is your note of preparation—when you have made a finish of him, the plague spot tells your destiny—it is a fine thing, from not being worth one penny, to be able to buy land and houses, horses, cows, and sheep, with a bottle of grog every day besides—ill gotten pelf will find wings and be off. This Mr. Something Wrong has a nume- rous progeny by that old Jezebel of a wife, Cupidity—I have yet my respects to pay to their son and heir. Farming is gene- connected with grazing in these colonies, and the farmer ought to have an honest livelihood by the combination of both, but what is the fact ? his living is a lingering death—a bare existence. High priced la- bor stares him in the face ; he looks with pity on his honest hard-working wife and lovely children, homely fed and badly clad, far, very far beneath their original condi- tion. The shepherd must have £40 per year and board (not less than £20 more), the shearers of his sheep not less than 6s, 6d. per score (100 per cent. more than the other colonies), the wool must be sold at from 8d. to 10d. per lb, some say 6d., to meet these current, unavoidable, and ex- tortionate expenses—when added together how much remains to clothe his immediate dependants ?—not one of his laborers or mechanics but can spend double the sum he can on frippery, finery, and folly. The carcass of his wether is the last thing to be considered, and after the risk of from two to three years in breeding, rearing, and feeding, one would be glad to find him in possession of something like a price for this fruit of his privations, toils, and anxieties, but mark the result ! The heir of Mr. Something Wrong arrives on a splendid well-fed charger, (no such beast to be found on the poor farmer's land, the gentleman himself dressed in blue frock, with two or three dogs in company—" Oh ! oh ! is Mr. So-and-so at home ?" a little ruddy-faced wench opens the door, and be- fore the worthy gentleman has time to re- iterate his question, she bounds back " law Mrs. —, there's a gentleman at the door on such a fine horse !" " What's he like ?" says the mistress—" Why mistress I don't know what he is like, but he has a face as red as a full- moon ;" " bless us all," responds the good housewife, " where's the master?" After some little delay the master arrives and to business they go, "Fat wethers I want, have you got any?" "Yes.'' "What's the price ? " Why the last I got, and good ones too, was 8s." "8s., that's a low figure !" there's no law for necessity, the wethers he gets, and off he goes. By and bye, the farmer goes for the needful—his wan eye scans the shop and measures the buildings—" Why they are palaces compared with my domicile." —he shakes his head and mutters—"there must be something wrong." This gentle- man of a butcher, for butcher he is after all, generally bleeds in the jugular vein, and makes a finish of the poor unfortunate farmer, and now give him the honor of a christian burial, write on his coffin his fa- vorite motto, " live and let live,"—may it meit your hardened souls into compunc- tion—and on his tomb-stone inscribe, "Here lies an honest man, the mechanic's best friend. I cannot but admire the policy of these butchers ; they go so quietly on, riding on the backs of the community, as well as on the backs of the farmers ; they tender for the supply of the troops at a low price, and make the public pay for the deficiency ; they realize about 100 per cent, in a few weeks on an article which takes the far- mer from two to three years to produce ; sensible men, "make hay while the sun- shines." If there was anything like unity among the farmers, they would teach these worthies a new lesson ; in one week it could be done—tell them you cannot sell your meat under 4d. per lb—1d. per lb and the fifth quarter is sufficient profit—the public would then pay 5d., and the Com- missary would not object to pay the same price. Here allow me to institute an in- quiry.—What does the English farmer realize for his wheat ? on an average about 7s. 6d. per bushel. What for his fat stock? from 6d. to 7d. per lb, and his breeding stock in proportion. What does he pay for labour? from 1s. 6d. to 2s. per day. He has a sure market for everything he pro- duces, and every facility of conveyance. Now you farmers, compare this statement with your every day experience. Your wheat, on an average, not more than 5s. 6d. your fat stock, about 2d. or 2½d.—your breeding stock, 50 per cent. lower—your labourers, from 4s. to 5s. per day—no sure market and every facility of transit want- ing—add to this the 100, 200, and 300 per cent. on every article you want to carry on your business, and then say if you can live. Lock at your books for the last four years past, do they not show a miserable defici- ency on the balance sheet, and does not every week testify that you are still travel- ling on the road to beggary ? this trades- man walks off with a cow—another with a horse—the shepherd with the sheep—and the every-day laborer is everlastingly car- rying, away something, aye, everything— little remains but a few old bottomless chairs and creaking bedsteads, which the Sheriff will shortly offer to the best bidder, and conclude the mournful story of a once substantial property. For, the present I bid adieu to this grasping and monstrous Mr. Something Wrong and his hateful family, wishing them a hasty exit. Your obedient servant, EXAMINER. 