THE DREAM OF EMPIRE. I From the M Isle of Mao News. J In the monarch's vision, the legs of the image and his feet, part of IroD a .d part of clay, sjmbolised, according to the Prophet, the fourth kingdom. We have already seen the brazen empire of Alexander reach its climax at Babylon. After his death, his four generals divided his domiuious, and were involved in fieice contentions, like four leopards fighting fur the prey 0f a dead lion; bet tlry quailed at the formid able advance of another wild beast, "dreadful aud terrible, aud strong exceedingly; and it iiad great iron teeth—it devoured, and brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with its feet." This was the Roman power, the wild wolf and her nurslings, the fierce republic sending forth its lava torrent of " fiery valour" from its seven vol canic hills. The hgs of iron in the image weil represented the per severing energy of their militaiy march to empire, and the crushing and remorseless strength with which they trampled down all resist ance. all swords and sceptres, all appeals of humanity and justice. That was the iron age. Camillus expressed its character, when he iusultingly Hung his sword into -.he scales weighing' the niomy to be paid the Gauis, and said that llomaus were ransomed by steel, and not by gold. The iron Mars of Some marched eastward, conquering in succession Maccdon, and Pergsmus, and Syria, and Kgj pt: and on the scene of the sounding victories of Alexander, this new head of uuiversal empire arose, "And shook again the world, the thundererof the secne." The Citycf Rome gave unity to this vast Catholicism- It was "orbit in urbe." But, in process of time, another capital, Con stantinople, arose in the East, and the image of empire then ap peared supported by two iron legs, while it bestrode the narrow world like a colossus. "'And wiiereas thou sawcsl the feet and toes, part of irrn and pan of clay, the kingdom shall be partly strong and partly brittle.*' The elements of decay were at work in the consti tution of il.is overgrown empire, like the seeds of disease in a luxurious and bloated body. The advanced guards of their outposts were driven in, their distant dependencies revolted, and their legions, enervated by luxury, though backed by the lustier sinews of barba rian mercenaiies, could uot resist the confederated masses of the Franks and Gotbs. The tide of empire flowed back to its fountain; for the Lord bad said, " Hitherto sbalt tbcu come, aud no further, aud here shall thy proud waves be stayed." . Then, on tbe btoad platform occupied by the Western Roman Empire, arose several subdivisions of monarcby, aptly sy nbollsedby the feet of the image terminating in separate toes, of which several lists have been given, as iheir titles and boundaries varied duriug the convulsions of that transition period. There may have been more or fewer siuce; but, as Sir Isaac Newton observes, "whaterer was their nunibci afterwards, they are atiil called the ten kings, from their first number." " Ai d in the days of these kings shall the God of HcaTen at* ap a kingdom which shall never be d stroyci; and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall br.ak in pieces and cousums ai! these kingdoms, and shall stand for ever." This cr'.nniug eient was symbolized by a stone cut out without hands, wlii "a smote tbe intake upon his feci of iron and clay, and brake them to pi ces. The whole image ciumbled before it,and was swept away like the chaff of tbe summer tbresliing-Boors, and tbu stone became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth. The stone represents the kingdom of Messiah, God's king over all the earth. This is called the Kingdom of Heaven, because ft is uot, of this world, like preceding monarchies, neither in its origin nor constituency, cor character. As to its origin, it is derived from God. " The God of heaven shall set up a kingdom." " I baso set tny king upoa my holy bill of Ziou." " The tabernacle of God shall be with men." As to its constituency, it belongs lo the saints of tbe Most High, as , Daniel elsewhere expresses it, *' the kiugdom and dominion under the whole heaven shall be given to the solntsof the Host High, and all dominions shall obey Him." As to its character, it shall be established In troth, and peace, and love. A kin?: shall reign in Tigbleousness. night 'hall then have might, ami the sceptre of righteousness shall be wielded by a hand of irresistible power. This stone smote the image on its feet, which signifies that the kingdom of Messiah was to arise when the Rcm->n Empire was par-' titioned into separate states. " Iii the days of these kings shall the God of Heaven set np a kingdom " At our Lord's first coming, lbs empire stood in its unbrokeu strength, and the Me-siab came to suffer, not to reign. He came to offer that great atonement for sin, which was to result in the restoration of this fallen world to holiness and happiness, when creation shall be delivered from t lie bondage of corruption, into the glorious libeily of the children of God. Ha came to pr< claim this coming kingdom, to invite men into it, and to make it possible for them to enter; for, when he overcame the sh.:rpnes< of death, he opened the Kingdom of Heaven to all be lievers. At his first coming, so f.ir was lie from smiting the Gentile Mo narchy, that he was actually delivered np to the liomaus, ami sub mitted to be ciucified and slain. This was the source of much perplexity tc hi- Ducipln -for Jesus called himself the Son of llan, a title which Daniel first gave him, and spoke of the Kingdom of Heaven, witch Daniel also predicted—and yet, instead of establish ing this predestined kingdom tu the rains of preceding monarchies, they saw hint dclivcied up au unresisting victim into the bauds of sinful men. Af er his resurrection, they thought the time was tliea probably arrived for liim to take his great power and reign. "Lord, dost thou at this time restore the kingdom to Israel V Tliey rightly connected the restored supremacy of Israel with the reign of their Messiah, but they erred in their anticipation of the lime. " It is not lor you to know die times or the seasons." In a mystical sense, the Kingdom of Heaven did begin even then without observation. The Saviour began his spiritual reign in his chuich, in the affections of ids believing people. This Kingdom of God is within us- in righteousness, aud peace, and joy, in Hie Holy Ghost. But brlievcis, as a corporate oody, are to exercise no kingly power till the Lord comes. It is a fatal error to suppose that the Lord is now to reign by a human substitute-by a Vicar, by Pope, br by Councils, lie reigns only by His Spirit in the hearts of true believers. If the prophecies had been uudcrttood, if the doctrine of the Lord's second coming to reign had net been rejected, tha usurpations of Romanism could not have been justified on any plausible grounds. It is evident that the Kingdom of Messiah which Daniel predict* Is not the spiritual reign which be now bohls in the hearts of Cbri tlans, and which began at bU first coming, when the Soman Empire was undivided and unbrokeu ; but it is the visible kingdom, which shall be introduced by crushing judgments on the divided kingdoms of Christendom. His first coming was in grace, and gentleness, and su(ftting bis second coming will be in tlaming fire, taking vengeance on them that know not God, and obey not the Gospel of his Son. At first, lie was a stone of stumbling and rock of offence, on which the Jews stnmb ed, and were broken, aud scattered. He was the store which the builders rejected, but he shall be the bead of tha corner. .'Wliosecver shall fall on this stone shail be broken - such was the fate of Israel; but on whomsoever it shall (all, it shall crush them to powder, when it descends from above. Theu, let the uations of professing Christendom beware. Be wise now, therefore, O ya kings - for that stone is predicted to smite the image 011 its feel; the coming kingdom shall break in pieces aDd cousumc all these king doms, and it shall stand for ever. Then slr.U the gorgeous image of Gentile power vanish like the baseless fabric of that vision, which the Chaldean Monarch saw : — " As a dream, when one awaketb, so, O Lord, when tbou -awakest, shall thou despise their image." P. D. 