MISCELLANY The New York Herald contains an advertise ment from "a respectable young woman who wishes to act as wet-nurse to a protestant baby !" It was Sir Digby Mackworth, we believe, who boasted that he was born a protestant ; the same fashion of natality seems to prevail in America.—Leeds Mer cury. A little too bad.—A gentleman of Albany re- cently married a lady reputed to be rich, who turned out to be poor. and some 700 dollars in debt, which he had to liquidate. Site assured him, how- ever, for his consolation, that the debts were con- tracted for dry goods, which she bought to capti- vate him. Only think of the fish paying for the hook with which he was caught ! A Non- Conductor.—At a recent meeting of the Geological Society. it was stated that a thickness of half an inch of clay and sand intercepted the' heat of a mass of eleven tons of white-hot melted cast iron for twenty minutes, without the heat on the outside of the vessel being sufficient to pain the hand. Advice of Counsel.—There is a well-known cus- tom prevailing in our criminal courts of assigning counsel to such prisoners as have no one to defend them. On one occasion, the court finding a man accused of theft, and without counsel, said to a lawyer who was present, " Mr. —, please to withdraw with the prisoner, confer with him, and then give him such counsel as may be best for his interest." The lawyer and his client then with- drew, and in fifteen or twenty minutes the lawyer returned into court. " Where is your prisoner P" asked the court. "He is gone, your honour," said the hopeful legal "limb." " Your honour told me to give him the best advice for his interest, and as he was guilty, I thought the best counsel I could offer him was to 'cut and run,' which he took at once." It was stated the other night, in the house of commons, that there were no less than eighty-six clergymen of the church of England, gentlemen and scholars, receiving as their pay less than 3s. per day. Eight of their number were receiving as little as Is. 3d. a day, and one was actually receiv- ing 5d½. a day. The will of Mr. O'Connell has just been proved in the prerogative court, Dublin. 'The personal property is sworn to be under £25,000, and he has, among other bequests, left £1,000 to Mr. Ray, the secretary to the repeal association. A missionary in Jamaica was questioning the little boys on Matt. v., and asked, " Who are the meek ?" A boy answered, " Those who give soft answers to rough questions." This accords with what Solomon says—" A soft answer turneth away wrath, but grievous words stir up anger." " This is a very impartial country for justice," said Sam, " There ain't a magistrate going as don't commit himself twice as often as he does other people." Medical Fees.—A singular old gentleman, con- ceiving himself overcharged in a surgeon's bill, sent word by the servant of the practitioner's to his master, " That for his medicines lie would pay, but as for his visits he would return them." The King of Ashanter is allowed by law 3,333 wives—a privilege of which every sable monarch of that kingdom is said to avail himself. A Plea for Pluralism.—Many rail at the numerous livings possessed by one clergyman : but who does not hold that the more sin-he-cures the better ? An early rising society has been formed at Whitehaven, in connexion with the Mechanics' Institution. The members meet every morning at five o'clock, and employ their their in holding open air discussions. gymnastics, and botanising. Imitation.—It Is said that a young lady who greatly admires General Taylor's epistolary style lately received a letter from a sweetheart, inquiring if site would have him, and that she immedliately replied in the language of her hero's answer to Santa Anna, " Come and take me." Honest Lawyers.—In the course of my experi- ence during thirty years in the profession of the law (writes Mr. Combe), in connection chiefly with the middle class of society, I had abundant proof that those who prospered were active, intelligent, and moral; and those who failed were deficient In these qualities, or in one or other of them.—Peo ple's Journal. A pretty Figure!—A runway apprentice is thus described in an American paper: "He is thick-set, usually wears a glased hat five feet high and iron-shoes with cross eyes ?" An improvement which has been made in photo- graphic drawing, is said to render it possible to obtain a likeness by the light of a common dig candle. I have so much seen, says Mrs. Fry in her diary, the extreme importance of occupation in the well being of mankind, that many works of art that tend to our accommodation, and even the gratifi- cation of our taste, may be innocently partake of, may be used and not abused, and kept in their proper places ; as by so doing we encourage that sort of employment which prevents the active powers of man being spent in things that are evil. A schoolmaster in Ohio advertises that he will keep a Sunday-school twice a-week—Tuesdays and Saturdays. In an address to the Governor-General, from the Canadian Temperance Societies, it is stated that in a course of twelve years, about 150,000, one tenth part of the people have abandoned the use of intoxicating drinks. The Screw.—An American paper says that a machine made like a corkscrew is used in the peni- tentiary, at Pittsburgh, for the purpose of seizing refractory convicts. If a prisoner becomes so in- subordinate that it is dangerous to enter his cell. the screw is fixed 'to the end of a pole, which is thrust towards him in such a manner as to catch his clothes, and lie is then drawn out of his re- treat, without danger to himself or others. It is stated that the Rev. William Cureton, a dis- tinguished oriental scholar, has discovered, among the manuscripts in the BRitish Museum, a very valuable Syrine version, hitherto unedited, of the gospel of St. Matthew. " The Veda," the most ancient of the sanscri hoy writings, is about to be translated, both text and commentary, at the expense of the East Indies Company. A young German has been chosen as its editor, and Professor Wilson will write an English translation. A city chemist in New York, not long since analysed a bottle of imported champagne, sold as pure, and found in it one quarter of an ounce sugar of lead. Diogenes, being asked of what beast the bite was most dangerous, answered—" Of wild beast: that of a slandèrer ; of tame, that of a flatterer. It is said that, during the reign of George Ill. the national debt was increased more tlhan £70,000,000—about £26 a minute. It is remarked of the Chinese language, that there is not a word in it that expresses the true idea of sin, and the only word which comes next it is one signifying a breach of politeness. A ghost, clad in an ample suit of black velvet and a triangular cocked hat, has made its appear- ance in Weaver- street, Glasgow. The spirit paces solemnly to and fro, but vanished at crowing of the cock. An American Bull.—An Irish gentleman, in recommending a friend and countryman for commission in the army, gives the following at one of his claims:—" My friend, Mr.—, closely connected with the president, his father having fought a duel with one of the Polks. " Pray, Miss C.," said a gentleman the other evening. " why is it that the ladies are so fond of officers? " How stupid !" replied Miss C., " is not perfectly natural and proper that a lady should like a good offer Sir?" Rustic Politeness.—The father of the preset, Lord Abingdon, who was remarkable for his state- liness of manner, one day riding through a village" in the vicinity of Oxford, met a Iad dragging a calf along the road, who, when his lordship came up, made a stop and stared him full in the face. His lordship asked the boy if he knew him. He replied, " Eps." " What is my name ?" said his lordship. " Why, Lord Abingdon," replied the lad. " Then why don't you take off your hat " So I will, zur," said the boy, " if ye'll hold the calf." An able and learned judge was once obliged to deliver the following charge to a jury :—" Gentle- men of the jury, in this case the counsel on both sides are unintelligible, the witnesses are incredible and both the plaintiff and defendant are such bad characters, that to me it is indifferent which way you give your verdict." If those whose houses are infested with cock- roaches and crickets would pour a little strong vinegar down time crevices and holes where they conceal themselves, they would not be further troubled with them. A Smart Lad.—A few years ago a little fellow was taken by his father to a carpenter to be bound apprentice. In settling the business, the master. who was one of the stiff kind, said, " Well, boy. I suppose you can eat most anything, can't you? I always make my boys live on what they don't like." " Then I love everything but mince-pie and apple- pie !" was the boy's instant reply. Printed and Published at the Launceston Examiner 'Office, siuate in Brisbane-street, Launceston, Van Diemen's Land, by JONATHAN STAMMERS WAD- DRILL, residing in Patterson-street, in Launceson aforesaid, printer, for himself and JAMES AIKIN- HEAD, joint proprietors. 