ANOTHER CONSTITUTION FOR NEW Ui ZEALAND! U1'' f Front the Spectator.^ THE last new Colonial constitution is waste paper -Governor Grey has " suspended " the consti- tution of New Zealand, and Ministers arc asking Parliament to register his edict. The workman- ship of that great piece of law-giving is empha- tically claimed by Mr. Labouchere for Lord Grey : it has before been imputed by rumour to a gentle- man now " on leave of absence" ; but from this prompt revocation, if we judge by precedent, we should say that the work is J^ord Grey's own -one of his '.* pentimenti." The conduct of the whole business, from first to last, has been most curiously absurd. A consti- tution more pragmatically regardless of existing circumstances was never offered by Sieyes for the refusal of the French Dictator ; but Governor Grey was duly " instructed " to carry it out. Governor Grey obeys about as much as Santa Anna obeys the Government at Mexico-he de- clines to carry out the law I And no sooner does good Lord Grey leceive the strictures of his namesake, than he sets to work " trying again," patching up a modified constitution in the hope of pleasing that abb? and absolute Governor. " Better luck next time" is the motto of Lord Grey's dilligent experimental legislation on the colonies . if he live long enough, he may at last hit upon a successful measure, as treasure-seekers at last rejoice their grey-haired indigence with a golden discovery. We say in the hope of pleading Captain Grey, because Lind Grey'.-, new Bill ii iliciely a ictponsu to Captain Grey's objections-a literal i espouse., and not a neu act of original legislation applicable to the new light thrown on the subject. Captain Grey's objection to the constitution sent to him by post is "not* without a pi itisible aspect. He objects to a system of representative Government for the 'wlpte colojiists, liiat it'iwould empo-ver the white minority',Jd^ltiyy^tuxes winch' would us piid by the lilack niajoriiy, utid''acc(>riliug to his account tliat^bláck'.majon'ty not only possesses the intelh genceíb^fceí sucii apolitical wrong, but also the rtiergy/to^'yindicate its rig'hts vi ei armis : Cap lain Grey' dreads certain Black Hampdens and Eliots, and declines to play the part of a Charles tins First in the Britain of the southern hemisphere. Assuming that he is right in his view of Maori intelligence and patriotism, we think his objection is sound ; but the statistics on which it is founded are not of lecent discovery, and Lord Grey should have taken them into account before. And we do not sec that the Bill introduced by Mr. Labouchere for Lord Grey meets the difficulty. It simply abolishes the part ot the previous measure which went to establish a representative Govern- ment; leaving it to the discietion of the Governor to continue the old Council, to appoint a repie.sen tative body, or to authorize the election of one : in short, it delegates lo the Governor a power for hi$ edicts equivalent to those possessed by King Frederick William of Prussia or Charles Albert of Sardinia ; the British colonies are to await the pleasure of their local ' Sovereign as patiently as the Prussians or Piidmunlcse have walled. Bungling is to be mended by more complicated bungling, laird Grey sends out a grand .' con- stitution : " Captain Grey finds a Haw in it; whereupon incontinently Lord (ii ey tears up his constitution, and hands the decreeing pea to the Governor .' Is this decently respectful to the colonists, or to the authority of Parliament? Is it decently intelligent as the application of a specific to a grie- vance ? Nothing is alleged against the expediency of securing to the British subjects in New ¿ealand the enjoyment ot their customary rights of repre- sentation ; but the allegation is a special difficulty in giving the representative body a right to tax the abói igincs. Clearly that special difficulty is to be dealt with, specially, by imposing a corres- ponding limit0 oh the power of taxation ; which might bHtíohe in various ways. For instance, although'taxation of ihe whites were delegated to U"'répvferséhtátiyií à'sseniLly, the right to tax the aborigine's 'might be reaeived to the paternal authority'of Hie Governor in Council; or the aburig'ine's Kiight le altogether exempt from taxa- tion exceptas a condition to their being admitted, at their own' desire, to the rights of British citizenship. \- The attempt to withhold representative institu- tions from the British colonists until the aborigines shall be Anglicised is absind, not only because it is impracticable. If Loid Grey succeeded this year, in carrying his bill by favour of the other subjects which distract Parliamentary attention, lie will have to bring in a third Bill next year once more to undo his handiwork. FATAL CONFLICT IN LIMERICK BETWEEN THE Tucos AND THE Ponce.-Tile Limerick He poner gives ihe following particulars of the fight between'a band ot murderers and the police : On, Friday night last, an armed party consisting of six or seven, paid a visit to several i espectable farmers at Ballyguilr-, about three miles south of Ballingarryf and succeed ii in extorting money from all but two" of them, named Noonan and Curtin,'wlio said they had no money then, but that thpy would give them some the next night they called. Monday night was appointed, and the unfortunate victims were duly admonished to have the money or their coffins prepared. The farmers, however, to their credit, determined to have something else prepared for them. They sent information to the police, or at all events they having by some means or other heard of the attack, arranged to lie in wait on the night appointed. There were eight, including Head Constable O'sul- livan, of the Feohagh btation ; Sargeant Hamilton, of the Heathfield station ; and six sub-constables from the Castletown station. It would seem they were watched, for it was not till four of them left Noonan's and went to Curtin's that the fellows, thinking all had gone, made their appeal ance. Three, however, remained behind, namely, Head Constable'''O'sullivan, Serjeant Hamilton, and a ijnan from the Castletown station. The leader of the ¿'¡'irig having 'knocked at the door about one o'clock, and demanded the money, one of the dorïïo'siics'b'pctîéd tffb door, and was in the act of handing liim the money (for he would not come in) when' Head Constable O'sullivan rushed for- ward'and seized lum. A struggle ensued, and the fellow called upon his companions to come to the rescue. They fired upon the head constable, two slugs passed through his arm, and a bullet, grazing one of bis ribs, was flatternd against the interior wall of the house. The fire was returned by Sergeant Hamilton and the sub-constable, and with more' deadly effect, for one of the party was shot dead, a bullet having passed through his eye, .another through his forehead,and a third through his stomach. The oilier cowardly ruffians tied, leaving behind them their dead companion and their captured ringleader, who¡>e name is Ryan, and who has been committed to gaol to take his ti lal for the offence. Ile lived within a quarter of a mile of the spot. The man who was shot also lived near, and was well known to Noonan. He has left a widow and four children to deplore his unfortunate end. An inquest was held on his body on Wednesday, before John Cox, Esq., coroner, and a verdict of justifiable homicide re- turned. The remnant of this armed parly, from the reception they met with at Noonan's, did not think it prudent to pay their promised visit to Curtin's. This is the fourth outrage that has been committed in this lonely disti id." DESIGNS OF AMERICA UPON CUBA.-We take the following from a letter written by the American correspondent of the Times..-A faw weeks since I called your attention to a gambling .cheme which was in progress for the annexation of Cuba to the United States. At that time I did not ap- prehend any immediate movement on the subject. It now appears, however, that the conspirators have progressed so far as to openly avow'iheir object to be the annexation of Cuba to the United States. Whether this government is expected to patronise arid 'countenance this bold, and more unholy than bold, project is yet to be decided. If the' allminVstratioh condemn the enterprise, the question presents' itself-are they not, in good faith to Spain, to nip in the bud such an undertaking ? Ave th'e'y hot called on to inquire and ascertain whether Aperican citizens are, or are not, begin- ning '» ¡Lo1 set on foot an expedition against certain portions of territory belonging to a nation with whom the.United Slates is at peace {". If the pro- ject is permitted to progress, 1 consider its con- sequences as^ most disastrous to the peace and prosperity of'this country. INSTITUTION FOR THE SUPERANNUATED AND DISABLED CLErgY.—We are happy to learn that a decided desideratum in the Church will ere long be adequately supplied. We allude to an institu- tion now in progress already enjoying a consider able portion of episcop ti and presbyter patronage, to piovide funds for the superannuated or disabled clergy. Few of us who have witnessed the exer- tions of the clergy have felt other than deep re* gret that public duty ia often left in most inade- quate hands to its proper fulfilment, simply from the reason that no such provision for the aged clergy exists, and that they are consequently com- pelled to exhibit the sad spectacle of their increas- ing infirmities lo the'very close of life. What in- cumbent, when he feels that the dismissal of a curate must necessarily be attended with starvation to him, can do other tlian retain the aged coadjtt» lor of many a year ? Yet at present lie must do so, unless his means permit him to make a compé- tent provision for him in his retirement.- Further, the public haïe a right to expect that the ollie«» of the Church be competently discharged. This, with the infirmities either of disease or age, is a matter of utter impossibility. It 1s for these aged sel vants of the altar, as well as for those that the hand of Providence may have disabled by disease, that a provision is sought by this institution. It originates in a curate of the Established Church, who has looked out on the vineyard, and seen how the failing servants in it are at present neglected, and from one who is possibly conscious that such might even be his own case. We are glad of this, and we trust the, demonstrated necessity for the institution itself will lead'to the same high mea- sures of popularity as though it had sprung from the venerated Primate of the Anglican Church, who is happily secured, by his high position, from the fearful vicissitudes that befall his humbler brethren.-Post. CANADA.—The Earl and Countess of Elgin arrived in Montreal from a tour in the Upper Provinces, on the morning of the 23rd of October, and immediately proceeded to Mouklands. The effect of his lordship's policy and bearing on the whole of Canada, the Montreal Herald observes (and the statement is amply borne out by the milder tone of the provincial press), is.'thattlmugh Lord Elgin's present cabinet has . but a slight hold on public opinion, Lord Elgin himself " by his indefatigable attention to business, his pru- dence and circumspection, his invariable and un- ostentatious courtesy, is securing for himself, from all parties, that reliance upon his integrity as a mau., and his wisdom as a statesman, which does not always accompany the respect that must ever he felt towards the representative of the Crown. The result, so far, of his lordship's government has, most assuredly, beenjo soothe those political and party asperities which have so long been the bane and curse of Canada." The harvest in Upper Canada had been, both in quantity and quality, far above an average ; and notwithstand- ing a stop had been put to speculation by the re- ports from Europe, no fear was entertained of farmers not finding a ready sale at remunerative prices for their produce. The disastrous commer- cial intelligence from England had produced no visible effect on the mercantile community at Canada. The shipping season was nearly over, though a few vessels were still expected at Quebec. \- Bell's Messenger, Nov. 22. CHINA SUPPLIED WITH BRITISH TEA. - The Delhi Gazette has a leading article in a late num- ber on the tea plantations of Kumaoon district of the Himalaya range, which is curious and interest- ing. According 'o it the tea grown there seems finer, as it certainly is purer, than Chinesentea. A niaiket '«opening for it not only to tlie»north, with the Chinese and Thibetians, but to the south- east, and west, with the natives of India, who are beginning to use tea freely. The Gazette goes on to say-" The highest price realised for green tea was IO rupees 8 annas per seer, the lowest 9r. 4a. The black tea was sold for from 7r. 8a. the highest, to 4r. the lowest price for the same quan- tity. Nearly one-half the quantity disposed of found its way into the hands of natives, and of that half some eight or ten boxes were purchased by Bhootees occupying the tract bordering on Chinese Tartary, for sale in that country, where Kumacon tea is in demand ; and no wonder, for there the cake (or brick) tea procurable is of a miserable description, and if the importation of British tea be not prohibited by the Supreme Chinese government, the market of Ladakh and Gurtokh will ere long be supplied from onr pro- vinces, it would indeed be a novelty to find a country depending on the Celestial Empire sup- plied with tea manufactured in our provinces ; and that, whilst the Chinese Tartars are purchasing teas from us on the western frontier kingdom, we, on the other hand, are buying from the Chinese at the other extremity of their empire. Vast addi- tions have been made to the tea plantations, for, instead of 100,000, there are now nearly 1,000,000 of plants. Wo have already mentioned that an increase to the plantations of 1000 acres had been sanctioned by Government, and now learn that the 400 allotted for the Dhoon of Dhera are already under cultivation, and that it is probable not only that the whole of the land authorised will be taken in before the end of the present season, but that the greater portion will be covered with tea plants. When the price of this tea falls, as it assuredly will do the moment the plantations yield a suffici- ently large1 quantity, to 2r. or 3r. per seer, the article must, in a great measure, supersede that from China, for few people would be inclined to pay Sr.'or Or for what they could get, almost at their own doors, at half price. It is, moreover, beyond a doubt, that most of the Chinese tea sent to this country is adulterated. THE EARL AND THE FARMER.—A farmer called on Karl Fitzwilliam and complained that, in his hunting excursions with his hounds, he had trodden down a field of wheat so as to do ,it damage. The earl told him if he would procure an estimate of the loss he would pay it. The man informed him that he had done so already, and it was believed the damage would be fifty pounds. The Earl paid it. But, as spring came on, the wheat which had been trodden down grew up, and became the best in the field. The farmer honestly returned the fifty pounds. " Ah," said the Earl, " this is what I like. This is as it ought to be between man and man." After making some inquiries about his family the earl went into another room, and returning, gave the man a cheque for one hundred pounds, saying, " Take care of this and, when your eldest son is of age present it to him, and tell him the occasion that produced it."—Liverpool Albion. ON LISTENING TO EVIL REFORTS.—The longer I live the more I feel the importance of adhering closely to the rule which I have laid down tor myself in relation to such matters :—1. To hear as little as possible whatever is to the prejudice of others. 2. To believe nothing of the kind till I am absolutely forced to it. 3. Never to drink into the spirit of one who circulates an ill report. 4\. Always to moderate, as far as I can, the un- kindness which is expressed towards others. 5. Always to believe that, if the other side were heard, a very different account would be given of the matter."—Carus's life of Simeon. PHYSICAL FACTS.—As an instance of the adaptation between the force of gravity and forces which exist in the vegetable world, we may take Hie positions of flowers. Some flowers grow with the hollow of their cups upwards ; others," hang the pensive head," and turn the opening down- wards. .The positions in these cases depend upon the length and flexibility of the stalk which sup- ports the flower, or, in case* of the euphorbia, tlíe germen. It is clear that a very slight alteration ni the force of gravity, or in the stiffness of the stalk, would entirely alter the position of the flower cups, and thus make the continuation of the spe- cies impossible. We have, therefore, here a little' mechanical contrivance, which would have been frustrated if the proper intensity of gravity had not been assumed in tile reckoning. An earth greater or smaller, denser or rarer, than the one in which we live, would require a change in the" footstalks of ali the little flowers that hang their heads under our hedges. There is something cu- rious in thUÄ considering the whole mass of-the' cal th, from pole to pole, and from circumference' to centre, as employed in keeping a snowdrop ¡tv the position most suited to, the'promotion of its* vegetable health. Wherwell A TRUE GHOST STORY. - Dr. Fowler, Bishop of Gloucester, in the early part of the eighteenth century, was a believer in apparitions. The following conversation of the Bishop with Judge Powell is recorded: -" Since I saw you," said the lawyer, " I have had ocular demonstration of the existence of nocturnal apparitions." I am glad you are become a convert to truth ; but, do you say ocular demonstration? Let me know the particulars of the story." My lord, I will. It was - let me see - last Thursday night, between the hours of eleven and twelve, but nearer the latter than the former, as I lay sleeping in my bed, I was suddenly awakened by an uncommon noise, and heard something coming up stairs, and stalking directly towards my room. The door flying open, I drew back my curtain, and saw a faint glimmering light enter my chamber." "Of a blue colour, no doubt ?" " The light was of a pale blue, my lord, and followed by a tall, meagre personage, his locks hoary with age, and clothed in a long loose gown ; a leathern girdle was about his loins, his beard thick and grizzly, a large fur cap on his head, and a long staff in his hand. Struck with astonishment, I remained some time motionless and silent ; the figure advanced, staring me full in thf face ; I then said, « Whence and what art thou ?" " What was the answer -t ell me - what was the answer ?"- " The following was the answer I received :- * I am watchman of the night, an't please your honor, and made bold to come up stairs to inform the family of their street door being open, and that if it was not soon shut, they would probably be robbed before morning." How TO FRIGHTEN FEROCIOUS ANÏWAL'S. "They tell me," said Stephen, "if you stoop down, put your head between your knees, and look backwards to a wolf, or a bear, or a tiger, or what not, nothing in the world dare face it. It will scare the devil will a man's face upside down. Particularly you can blow like a horn ; for music: is what they can't stand any how ! See, this is the way," and he suited the action to the word, put himself in the extraordinary attitude, and made a capital imitation of the sound of couch shell, as blown at all the farm houses in the country to call the people who are in the fields' home to their dinner. The third rehearsal was' followed by just? such a > eil as he describes himself - to have uttered when the ghost seized him by "the neck, so loud, so clear, and so appalling, that it * was evident it was not ilesigned as an imitation, but asa manifestation of fear or of pain. Ina moment we were all upon our feet, and really the ' sight was,rà most alarming one. A little bull, terrier of old «Neal's, that lay under the table, see- ing this extraordinary being intruding upon his domain and defying him to combat, accepted tfiv challenge, and seized him by the nose, and it was not without great difficulty he was chocked off and expelled from the room. Stephen was badly cut, but not dangerously, and he bore it like a man. After order was a little restored, Miss Lucy saiH, " Now, Mr. Richardson, you have obtained your" wish. You have got the mark of truth stamped' upon you a second time. Your veracity is en-< graved on both sides. Suppose the gentleman tells the story of the wolves?" "Oh! them cursed bulldogs ! " said Stephen, whose voice was nearly stifled by a wet cloth held to his nose; "those bulldogs are an exception to all rules. They ain't afraid of man or devil ; but I will bet my life on that trick if it was tried on a wolf." Life in a Colony, by Sam Slick. CALIFORNIAN HOUSES.—Externally, the habi- tations have a cheerless aspect, in consequence of a paucity of windows, which are almost unattain- able luxuries. Glass is rendered ruinously dear hy the exhorbitant duties, while parchment, surely a better substitute than a cubic yard of adobes, is clearly inadmissible in California, on account of the trouble of its preparation ; and, to increase the expense, carpenters are equally extravagant and saucy, charging three dollars for such a day's work cas one is likely to get from fellows that will not labour more than three days in the week. After all, perhaps the Culifornians do not feel the privations of light to be an evil. While it cer- tainly makes the rooms cooler, it cannot, by any possibility, interfere with the occupations of those who do nothing ; and even for the purpose of ventilation windows are hardly needed, inasmuch as the bedding, the only thing that requires fresh air, is daily exposed to the sun and wind. Among the Californian housewives the bed is quite a show, enjoying, as it does, the full benefit of contrast. While,the other furniture consists of a deal table, and some badly made chairs, with probably a Dutch clock and an old lookjng-glass, the bed ostentatiously challenges admiration, with its snowy sheets fringed with lace, its pile of soft pillows covered with the finest linen or the richest satin, and its well-arranged drapery of costly and tasteful curtains. Still, notwithstanding the washings and the airings, this bed is buta whitecL. sepulchre, concealing in the interior a pestilential woid mattress, the impregnable stronghold of,' millions of las jßulgas.-Sir George Simpson. THE MORETON BAY COURIER is published every Saturday morning. The terms of subscription, are 10s. per quarter, payable in advance : the quarters ending 30th September, 31st Decem- ber, 31st March, and 30th June, in each year respectively. Each advertisement will be charged at the rate of three shillings an inch,, and one shilling for every additional inch, each insertion. The number of insertions must be specified on each advertisement, or they will be continued until countermanded by a written notice. Printed and published by the proprietor, ARTHUR SIDNEY LYON, at the General Printing Office, Albert-street, North Brisbane, in the colony of New South Wales. Orders and communications (in all cases pre- paid) to be addressed to the Proprietor. 