TitE KNIGHT OF GWYNNE- j By the Author of 1 Charles O'Malley. j Harry Larrvguer,: Av. Continued from our last Publication. Had Lady Wallincourt limited her self to cautious counsels about falling in love with same rustic beauty, in a remote region, Forester might have treated the ndvicc as one of those matter-of-course events, which cause no more surprise than the receipt of a printed circular; but she went further. She deemed this a fitting occasion to instruct her sun into the mystery of that craft which, in her own experience of life, she had seen mnkc more than one man's fortune, and by being adepts in which, many of her own family had attained to high and lastiug honours. This science was neither more nor less than, success in female society, ' I will not insult either your good taste or your understanding,' wrote she, ' by any wanting against falling iu love in Ireland, Beauty is — France excepted pretty equally distributed through .the world, neither is there any nation alitv in good looks, for, now-a-days, admixture of race has obliterated every peculiarity of origin. In all then that concerns manner, tone, and breeding, your own country possesses the true standard, every deviation from this is a fault,. What is conventional must bei right, because it is the exponent of general opinion on those topics for which each feels interested. Now the Irish, my dear boy, the Irish arc never conventional, they arc clannish, pro vincial, peculiar, but never conven tional. Their pride would seem to be rather to rutile, than fall in with the general sympathies of society. They forget that the social world is a great compact, and. they are always striving for individual successes by personal distinction -. this is a very acme of vulgarity. ' ' If they, however, are very in different rtod'ls of imitation, they afford tin excellent school for your own training; they are a shrewd, quick- sighted race, with a strong sence of the ludicrous, and are what the French call malin' to a degree. To win favour among them without any subservient imitation of thrir own habits, which would be contemptible, is not over easy. ' If I am rightly informed, you are at present well circumstanced to profit by my counsels ; I am told of a very agreeable and very pretty girl with whom you ride and walk out con- stantly, and far from feeling any ma- ternal uneasiness — for I trust I know my son— I am rejoiced at the circum- stance. Make the most of such an advantage by exercising your own abilities and powers of pleasing, give yourself the habit of talking your very beat on every topic, without pedantry or any sign of premeditation. Practice that blending of courteous deference to a woman's opinions, with a subdued consciousness of your own powers, which I hare so often spoken to you of in your dear father's character. — Seldom venture on an axiom, nejjer tell an anecdote — be most guarded in any indulgence of humour ; a laugh is the most' dangerous of all triumphs. It is the habit to reproach its with our frigity — I believe not without reason — culiivtiie then, a certain amount of warmth which may suggest ihe idea of eauieslues-, apart from u1! suspicion of enthusiasm, which I have oilen lo'd you is low. lived. \Vach carefttl'y by what qualities your succors it more a tvaticed ; es amino yourself as to what defects you experience in your own character ; make yomsell esteemed as a tneuns of being estimable ; win regard, and the habit of pleasing s, ill give a charm to your manner, cen when you are not desirous to secure affection. Your poor rieqr father often confessed the inrstj- malaie advantages of hit first affairs of the heart, ami us. d to say. whenever by any adroit csercite ol captivaiion he had gained over an advene Maid of Honour, I owe that t i Louisa, for such was the name of the young lady— 1 for get now who she was T tc mechanism r( the l-eart is alike in alt Ian-Is; the means of success in lra'and will win "dory where the prize is Ing-'mr : in all this, rcmeml), r. I by no m-anst-frise you tft snort with any vonng lady's feelings, -nor w> win more of her nffecli m than may iissu c you that the enti'c could also become yours — u poli'e chess player wil! rest satisfied to say 'ch-ck,' without Hushing th advermry to 'mate." 1 It will soon be lime you should leave the army, ami I hope to tint) you have at quired some of er education Ity the pursuit than mere know In 'ge of diets.' Tais is a short specimen of the inn - tvrnitl ntuchi iv< Itsui hy which ' the most .fascinating woman of Iter set ' hoped tn instruct her son, ant teach him the road to fortune. Such is lite fatal dei r;t«ity of every human heart, that unv subtle npi-eal to ae'fbhness, if it 'ail to flex the victim to the will, at least shakes the vro--g sense of conscious tec node, and makes our very wortltinesi-sccin weakness. Forester's first impression was almost anger as he read t!,cse lines, the m—ond time I e perused them lit' w;t« far less aberked, ttnd at last, was puziled whe t'-«r more ta wonder ut the ketn rroildly knowledge they betrayed, or the solici tude of that affection which co-sented to unveil so much of life Icr his guid nnce. The rcst.lt ol till tlie-e c nflicl- mg emotions was depression of sprits, and, a discontent with himself uod all the world; nor could the fascinations of that link- circle in which he lived so tn'iutHtt'ly, sybduc the feeling. Lady Eleanor saw this, and exerted herself with ? her wonted powers to | ttmme and interest him; Helen, too. delighted t the favourable change in Iter mother's sp'rits, contributed to sus tain the tone of light-heuited pleasantry, while she could not restrain a jest upon Forester's unusual gloominess. The manner, whose fascinations had hitheit-r so many charms, now almost irritated hiui ; the poison of sus picion had been imbibed, and he conti nually asked himself, what if the very subtlety his mother's letter spoke of, was now practised by her T If all the varied hues of captivation her changing humour wore, were but the deep prac tised lures of coquetry. " His self-love was piqued by the thought, as well as his perceptive shrewdness, and he set himself, as he believed, to decipher her real nature ; but, such is the blindness of mere egotism, in reality to misunder stand and mistake her. How often it happens in life, that the moment a doubt prevails as tu some trait or feature of our character, we should exactly seize upon that very in stant to indulge in some Weakness or passing levity that may strengthen a mere suspicion, or make it certainty. Helen never seemed gayer than on this evening, scarcely noticing Forester save when to jest upon his morose and silent mood, she talked, and laughed, and sang in all the free joyousness of a happy heart, unconsciously displaying powers of mind and feeling, which in calmer moments lay dormant and con- cealed. The evening wore on, and Helen had just risen from her harp, where she was playing one of those wild, half-sad, half-playful melodies of her country, when a , gentle lap came to the door, and, without wailing for leave to enter, old Tate appeared. The old man was pale, and his fea tures wore an expression of extreme terror; hut he was doing his very utmost, as it seemed, to struggle against some inward fear, as with, a smile, of far more melancholy than mirth, be said : " Did you hear il, my lady 1 I'm sure ye heerd it." ' Heard what, Tale ?' said Lady Ele anor. The— but I see Miss Helen's laugh ing at me — ah ! don't then, Missdarlin, don't laugh.' ' What was it, Tate 7 Tell us what you heard.' ' The Banshee, my Lady — aye, there's the way — I knew how 'twould be, you'd only laugh when I-tould you.' Where was it you beard it 7' said Lady Eleanor, affecting seriousness to gratify the old man's superstition. ' Under the ea-,1 windo-v, my Lady ; then it moved across the flower-garden, and down to the shore beneath (he big rork< ' ' What wax it like. Tale ?' ' 'Twas Lke a funeral 'coyne first. Miss, when ye heard il lar aw.,y in the mi'uniain, ud then iuo«c, and it. swelled I tiller and stronger, till ii twain <11 round me, and »t last died away to il.e ligh soil cry of «n infant. ' ' Exactly, Tate, it was Capta-n Fores ter sghing ; I never heard a better description in my life,' ' Alt ! don't 'auglt, my Lady— Ho't't now. Miss Helen dear— I- never knew tuck nor grace cbtne of laughing who- the wamin was come. 'Tis the Captain there, 1-oks sad aud. thoughtful, the Heawns bless him for it 1 lie knows 'tis n-i time for lsughinjr.'' Fo!etier might Iqtve arceptrd the cu- logy in be ter port, pcbips, had he un derstood it : but as it was, he turned abruptly about, and asked Lady Eleanor for an explanation of the whole mystery. 'Tste thinks he has heard — ' 'Thinks I' in-errupted the old man, with a sorrowful gesture of both hsudx. ' Musha! I'd take the gospel on it ; I heaul it as p'ain as I heir y, now.' f.it ly Eleanor smiled and wmt on — ' the my or the Banshee, that tirea-tful ; tve-ning, which, in the superstition of the country, a'ways betokens death, or, at least, some great ca'amity to the i house il is heard to wail over.' I ' A polite attention, to say llto least,' j said Forester, smiling sarcastically, of i the witch or fairy, or whatever it is, to | announce to prople an approaching mis- il-itune. And has every cabin got its | own Ban — what do y-iu call it !' I 'The cabins has none,' said Tate, with a look, of severe rep oaclt, the most remote possible from his habitual air of deference; ''tis only the ouldeit and most a -cient fimi' cs like his honour's, the Knight's, has a Banshee — but it's no nse talking, I see nobody believes tne.' ' Yes, Tate, I do,' cried Helen with an earnestness of manner, either really felt, or assumed to gratify the old man's superstitious veneration ; 'just tell me how you heard it first.' ' Like that !' whispered Tale, as he held up his hand to enforce silence ; and at the same instant a low plaintive cry was heard, as if beneath the very window. The accent was uol of pain or suffering, hut of melancholy so soft, so touching, and yet so intense, that it stilled eveiy voice within the room, where now each long- drawn breath was audible. There is a lurking trait of supersti tion in every human heart, whiclt will resist, at some one moment or other, every effort of reason, and every scoff of irony. An instant before, nnd Forester was ready to jest with the old man s terrors, and now his own spirit was not all devoid of them. The feeling was, however, but of a moments duration, suspicion again assumed its sway, and seizing his list, he rushed from the room, to search the flower-garden, and , examine every spot where any one might lie concealed. ' There he goes now, as if he cottld sec her ,- and ntay be, 'twould be as well for him he didn't,' said Talc, as in contempt oT the English incredulity, lie gazed after the cagrr youth. Is his honor well, nty Lady f— when did you hear from him ?' ' We heard this very day, Tate, he is perfectly well. ' And Master Lionel— the Captain I mane, but 1 only ran think he's a child still.' Quite well top,' said Helen. ' Don't alarm yourself, Tate ; you know how sadly the wind can sigh through these old walls at times, and under the yew- trees, too, it sounds so drearily — I've shuddered to myself often, as I've heard it.' ' God grant it,' said old Talc, piously; but the shake of his head, and the mut tering sounds between his teeth, attested that he laid no such flattering unction to his heart, as mere disbelief might offer. ' 'Tisn'l a death cry, any how, Miss Helen,' whispered he to Miss Darcy, ns he moved toward the door ; 1 for I went down to the hack of the. Abbey, where Sir Everard was buried, and all vfas still there.' ' We'll go to bed now, Tate, and don't think more about it, if the wind—' ' Ah ! the wind 1 the wind !' said he querulously, that's the way it always is, as if God Almighty had no other way of talking. to our hearts, than the cry of the night-wind.' ' Well, Captain Forester, what suc cess — have you confronted the spectre ?" said Lady Eleanor, as he re- entered the apartment. ' Except having fallen into a holly bush, where 1 rivalled the complaining accents of the old witch, I have no ad venture to recount ; all is perfectly still and tranquil without.' You have got your cheek scratched, for following the Syren,' said Lady Eleanor, laughing ; ' pray put another log on The fire, it is fearfully chilly here.' Old Tate withdrew slowly and unwil- lingly ; he saw that his intelligence had failed to produce a proper sense of terror on their minds, and his own load of anxiety was heavier, from want of participation. The conversation, by that strange instinct which influences the least as well as the most credulous people, now turned on the superstitions of the peasantry, and many a legend and story were remembered by Lady Eleanor and her (laughter in which these popular beliefs formed a chief feature. ' It is unfair and unwise," said Lady Eleanor, at the conclusion of one of these stories, to undervalue such influ. encex; the sailor who passes his life in dangers, watches the element with an eye and an ear that training have ren dered almost pretrrnaturally observant, nnd he seer, the sign of storm where others would but mark the glow of n red sunset ; so among » primitive people communing much with their own hearts in solitary unfrequented places, imagination becomes developed in undue proportion, and the mind seeks relief in creative efforts from the wearying sense of lonrliness ; but even these are less idle fancies than conclusions come to from long and deep thought some strange process of analogy would sectn the parent of superstitions which we know to he common to all U"ds.' ' Which means, tint you half believe in a Banshee !' said Forrsler. smiling. Not so ; but that I cannot consent to despise the frame of mind which suggests these beliefs, although 1 have no faith in the apparition, l'oor Tate there had never dreamed of hearing the Banshee cry if some painful thought of irr pending misfortune had nol suggested her prer-ence ; his fears may not be un founded, although the form they take be preternatural.' ' 1 protest against all such plausibili ties,' sxid Helen ; I'm for the Banshee, as the Republicans say in France, 'one and indivisible.' I'll not accept of natural explanations. Mr. Bagrna) Daly says we may well believe in spirits when we put faith in the mere ghost of a Parliament.' ' Helen is throwing out a bail for a political discussion,' said Ladv Eleanor, laughing, ' and so 1 II even say good night. Good night, Captain Forester, and pleasant drenins of the Banshee." Forester rose nnd took his leave, which, somehow, was colder than usual -. his mother's counsels had got possession of his mind, and distrust perverted every former souice of pica- sure. ' Her manner is all coquetry,' said lie, angrily, to himself, as he w alked to wards his room. Poor fellow, and what if it were — coquetry is but gilding, to be sure ; but it can never be well laid on, if the sub stance beneath is uol a precious metal. There was, at the place where the river opened into the sea, a small inlet of the bay guarded by two hold and rocky head-lands, between which the tide swept with uncommon violence, ac cumulating in time a kind of bar, over which, even iti calm weather, the waves were lashed into breakers, while the waters within were still as a mountain lake. The ancient ruin we have nlrea. dy alluded to passingly, stood on a little eminence fronting this small creek, and although unmarked Jjv auy architectu ral beauty, or any pretensions save the huinble possession of four rude walls pierced by narrow windows, and a low doorway formed of three large stones, was yet, in the eyes of the country people, endowed with some superior holiness — so it is certain the little churchyard around bespoke. Il was crowded with graves, whose humble monuments consisted in wooden crosses, decorated in recent cases with little garland of paper or wild flowers, as piety or affection suggested. The fragments of ship-timber around showed that they who slept beneath had been mostly fishermen, for the chapel was peculiarly esteemed hy them ; and at the opening of the fishing season' a mass was invariably offered here for the success of the herring- fishery, by a priest from a neighbour ing parish, whose expenses were wil lingly and liberally rewarded by the fisherman. In exact proportion with the rever ence in which this spot was regarded by this day was the fear and dread entertained of it hy night ; stories of ghosts and evil spirits were rife far and near of that lonely ruin, nnd the hardiest seamen, who would brave the wild wave of the Atlantic would not venture alone within these deserted walls after dark Helen remember, d, as a child, Slaving been once there after sunset, induced hy an intense curiosity to hear or sec something of those soundj and shapes her nurse had told of, and what alarm her absence created among the household, increased when it was dis- covered where she had keen. The same strange desire to hear if it might he that sad and wailing voice which all had so distinctly heard in the drawing-room, led here, when she had wished her mother good night, to leave her chamber, and crossing the flower- garden, to descend to the beach hy a small door which opened on a little pathway down to the sea, When the superstitions whose terrors have af frighted childhood are either conquered hy reason or uprooted hy wotdly in fluence, they still leave behind them a strange passion for the marvellous, which, in imaginative temperament is frequently greatly developed, and becomes a great source of enjoy ment or suffering to it possessor. Helen Darcy 's nature was of this kind, and she would gladly have accepted all the tremor and terrors of her nursery days to feel once again that intense awe, that anxious heart-healing expec tancy, a ghost story used to create within her. The night was calm and starlit, the sea was tranquil and unruffled, except where the bar broke the flow of the tide, and maiknl hy a long line of foam the struggling breakers, whose hoarse plash was heard above the rip pling on the strand. Even in the rocky cavex all was still, not an echo re sounded within those dreary caverns where at liinrs the thunder's self was not louder. Helen leached the little churchyard, she knew every path and foot-track through it, and at last, strolling leisurely onward, entered the ruin aud sat down within the deep window that looked over the sea. For some time her attention was directed seaward, watching the waves as they reflected hack the spangled heaven, or sunk again in dark shadow, when suddenly she perceived the figure of a man, who appeared slowly pacing the beach immediately beneath where she sal. What could have brought any one there at such an bout the could not imagine ; and however few her terrors of the world of spirits, she would gladly at this moment have been safe within the Abbey. While she debated with herself how to act ; whether to remain in her present concealment, or venture on a sudden flight, the figure halted exactly under the window; her doubts and fears were now speedily resolved, for she per ceived it was Forester, who, induced by the beauty of the night, had thus strolled out upon the shore. What if I should put his courageous incredulity to the lest, thought Helen, the moment is propitious now, I could easily imitste the cry of the Banshee ! The tempta tion was too strong to be resisted, and without further thought she uttered a low thrilling wail, in accent of most touching sorrow. Forester started and looked up, but the dark walls werq in deep shad'tp' , whatever Ms real feeling at the moment, lie loil no time in clambering up the bank on which the I ruin siooj, and from which he rightly judged the sound proceeded. Helen j was )cl uncertain whether to attribula | this step to terror or thr opposite, when j she heard Ins fool as he traversed the thickly studded grave-yanl — a moment morr and he would lie in the church itself, where he cmild nut fail to disco ver hci hy her white dress. Hut one chance ullrrrd of escape, which was to leap from the window down upon the strand — il was deejier than she fancied nearly twice her own height but then detection, fur more than one good rea son, was not to he thought of. Helen was not one of those who long hesitate when their minds are to be made up ; she slipped noiselessly between the stone million aud the side of the window, aud sprang out ; unfortunately one fool turned oil a small stone, and she fell on the sand, while a slight accent of pain unconsciuuslv broke from her. Before aire could rise. For ester was beside her, with one arm round her waist, lie half pressed, as he assisted her to recover her feel. ' So, fair spirit,' said he, jocularly, ' I have tracked you it would seem,' — then for the first time discovering it was Helen, he muttered in a different tone, ' I ask pardon, Miss Darcy — I really did not know — ' ' I am sure of that, Captain Forester," said she, disengaging herself from his aid, ' I certainly deserve a lesson for my silly attempt to frighten you, and I believe I have sprained my ancle — will you' kindly send Florence to tnc V ' I cannot leave you here alone, Mis Darcy ; pray take my arm and let me assist you hack to the Abbey.' The lone of deference lie notv spoke in, and the increasing pain, concurred to persuade her, and she accepted the proffered assistance. ' The absurdity of this adventure is not repaid by the pleasure of having frightened you,' said she, laughing, ' if I could only say how terrified yon were — ' ' You might indeed have said so,' interrupted Forester, had I guessed the figure 1 saw leap out tvas yours.' ' It was even higher than 1 thought,' said she, avoiding to remark the fervent accents in which these words were spoken. Forester was silent, his heart was full to bursting, the passion so lately dashed by doubts and suspicious, returned with ten-fold force notv that he felt her arm within his own, as step hy step they moved along. Yott are in great pain,' I fear,' said he, tremulously. ' No, not now,' 1 am so much more ashamed of my folly than a sufferer from it, that 1 could forgive the sprain, if I could the silly notion that caused it ; 'twas an unlucky fancy, to say the least of it. Again there was a pause, and al- though they walked but slowly, they were fast approaching the little gate that opened into the flower garden. Forester was silent : was it front this cause, or by some secret freemasonry of the female heart, that she suspected what was passing in his mind, and ex- erted herself to move on more rapidly. ' Take time, Miss Darcy, not so fast, if not for your sake, for mine at least.' The last few words were scarcely above a whisper, hut every one of them reached her to whom they were ad dressed ; whether affecting not to hear them, or preferring to mistake their meaning, Helen made no answer. ' I said for my sake,' resumed he, with a courage tlist demanded jslt his energv, ' because on these few moments the whole fortune of my future life it placed— I love yott ' 'Nay, Captain Forester,' said she, smiling,' ' this is not quite fair, I failed in my attempt to terrify you, and have paid the penalty ; 'let there not be a further one of my listening to what I j should not hear.' ' And why nol hear it, Helen, is the devotion of one, even hunthle as I am, a thing to offend ? It it the less sincere that 'I feel how much you are above me i in every way 7 Will not my vety pre- ! sumption prove how fervent is the jus- sion that lias made me forget all tare itself— all, save you 7' Troth has its own . accents, however 1 weak the words it syllable. Helen laughed not now,- but walked on with quicker steps, while the youth, the bar- rier once passed, poured forth with heartfelt eloquence his tale of love, recalling tu her mind by many a slight, unnoticed trait, his long-pledged devo tion ; how he had watched and wor shipped Iter, seeking to win favour in her eyes, and seem not all unworthy of her heart. ' It is true,' said lie, ' I cannot, 1 dare ' not ask" in return for an affection which should repay my own, hut let me hope that what 1 now speak, the devotion 1 pledge, is no rejected offering ; that I although you care not fur me, you will I jot crush for ever one who lives but in your smile, that you will give me time I to show myself more worthy of the ! prize 1 strive for — there is uo trial 1 ' would not dare —— ' ' I must interrupt you. Captain Fo- rester,' said Helen, with a voice that all her efforts had not rendered quite steady, ' it would he an ungenerous re- quital for the sentiments yuu say you feel ' 'Say! — nay Helen, I swear it by every hope that now thrills within ntc ' ' It would be,' resumed she, tremu lously,' ' an ungenerous requital for this, were I to practice any deception on you. 1 am sincerely , deeply sorry to he»r you speak as yon have done. I had long since Iraiutd to regard vou 01 the friend of Lionel, almost like a bro ther. The pleasure your society | afforded one 1 am most attached to, in- creased the feeling, and as intimacy j increased between ns, I thought how happy were it, if thr ambitions of life ! did nut withdraw from home the sons I sehosc kindness can he as thoughtful j and as tender ns that of the daughters ; of the house. Slnll I confess il 7 I almost wished my brother like you — hut yet all this was not love—nay, for 1 will be frn.ii It at whatever cost — I had never fell this towards you, if I suspected your sentiments towards tne ' ' But. dearest Helen ' ' Hear nie out ; lliete is but one way in i which the impropriety of such a meet ing as this nan tie obviated, chanrc, though it he, and (hat is hy perfect candour. I have told you the simple truth, not with any undervaluing sense of the alTcctinu you protler, still less with any coquetry of reserve. I should he unworthy of the heart you oiler mr, . since I could not give my own in ex change.' ' Do you deny me all hope 7' said he, in an accent almost bursting with grief. ' 1 am not arrogant enough to say I shall never change, but I am honest enough to tell yott that I do not ex pect it.' ' Farewell, then, Helen, I do not love you less that you have taught me to think more humbly of myself — good bye— for ever.' 1 It is belter it shou'd coinc tc this,' said Helen, faintly, and she held out her hand towards hint, 1 Good bye, Forester." He pressed one long and burning kiss upon her hand, and turned away, while she, pushing open the door, entered the little garden. Scarcely, however, was the door closed behind her, when the calm courage in which she spoke, for sook her, aud she burst into tears. So is it, the heart can be moved, even its tnosl tender chords, when the touch that stirs it is less of love than sorrow. To be Continual. ) 