I A Q U A T I CS.-WIN DSO R. MATCH BETWEEN THE 'i RED ROVER" AND " AURORA," FOUR-OARED GIGS, FOR JE20 A-SIDE. Tne match between these rival gigs, which has created no little excitement amongst the admirers of aquatics in the neighbourhood of Windsor, came oil' on the river Hawkesbury, on Monday last, the il st instant; and contrary to the ex- pectation of nearly all who had the pleasure of witnessing our last .Regatta, (spve and except thc initiated in thc skill and dexterity of the art of rowing,) the Hover regained her lost laurels with comparative ease. It will be remembered by our readers, that the Hover was the winner of thc first prize at the last Anniversary Regatta ; and, as our Annual Regatta was to take place in a few days subse- quently, Mr, Hassall, one of our leading mercan-' tile men, who is as anxious to partake in, and patronise with bis purse and presence, the re- creative enjoyments of the community he resides in, as-he is to assist the afflicted in bestowing his charity, being aware that there were not mor* than two boats on the river fit to compete for tho first prize, by way of giving eclat to the diversion, borrowed the Rover (OT the occasion brought her to Windsor at some expense-en- tered her against the Aurora and Shamrock. She was manned by the Grono's, who were con- sidered the best crew on the river ; but to the astonishment of many, she was most shamefully beaten-not even appearing to have the ghost of a chance. Chagrined at this unexpected result, the hitherto successful metropolitans, who had guided the light barque victoriously over the watery clement for the last three years, imme- diately challenged the Aurora and crew, which challenge was thankfully accepted by the sport- ing landlord of the " Dan O'Connell," Mr. Coffey ; we are, therefore, indebted to these par- ties for the days' sport. TBS RACE. To start from a buoy at Beasly's Wharf, which is about 300 yards above the punt; round a buoy at the east end of the Reach ; returning again to and round the starting buoy ; back again to and round the eastern buoy, and finishing st the punt warp, opposite Coffey's hotel. Distance, six miles. Precisely at the appointed hour, twelve o'clock, the boats were in readiness, and at the given signal off they went together ; and we never re- collect seeing such a desperate struggle for the lead-not even on the Turf. It was, indeed, beautiful to witness thc dexterity of each crew, until the boats crossed the punt warp, where the Hover began to obtain the ascendant, which she continued gradually to increase to the lower buoy. After rounding which, the crew appeared to take breath, letting the Aurora draw up to within twenty yards. This was the order of the race until rounding the starting buoy, when the metropolitans again picked np their little craft ; and, in passing the spectators for the last time down, she appeared to glide through the water willi the velocity of a steamer, leaving the bright goddess in the far west- all alone in her glory. The /lover was manned by Messrs. Rice, Thompson,Bond,and Verrait-Coxswain, Young Green. The Aurora was manned by the Uxloy's, na- tives of the Hawkesbury-Lamb, Coxswain. SECOND HACK. Four pounds given from the funds of the Hawkesbury Regatta, for skiffs pulled with a pair of skulls. Entrance, 5s. Half the distance of the match. Mr. M'Quade's Waterlily. J. Rice .... 1 Mr. Ryan's Sprig of Shelalagh, Ryan. 2 Mr. Grono's Lass O'Gowry.3 In this race, as in the match, Rice, one of the Sydney rowers, won with the greatest ease strange to say, that even this beautiful skiff was most shamefully beaten by the Sprig at the last Regatta. Here, then, is proof beyond contra- diction, that in this, as in the noble art of self defence, main strength and stupidity are by no means equivalent to skill and dexterity, inas- much as the Rover's crew laboured under all the disadvantages of age and weight, while the crew of the Aurora are a fine set of athletic young men, scarcely exceeding twenty years of age ; and to do them justice, we think their equals are not to be found on the Hawkesbury. We should indeed be wanting in our duty, were we to neglect making honourable mention of the sporting landlord of the " Cricketer's Arms," Mr. Freeman, to whose skill and utility as a Maritime Surveyor, the strangers are in- debted for the gratuitous services rendered by him, as pilot, in pointing out tho advantageous bearings of the river ; and, as a wind up, to the days' amusement. A select party of his frierais and well-wishers paid a visit to tho respectable hostelrie of the aforesaid boniface-indulged themselves with all the luxries of the season-und kept the sport alive till a litte hour. A few days ago we received the following memorandum from our Adelaide Correspondent, but wc have not yet seen either of the gentlemen alluded to therein : Messrs. Dunn and Stocks, per Juno, have authority from the owner of our old Sydney horse " Highflyer," to challenge any horse in New South Wales for a Steeple Chase, over three miles of good hunting country, with a propor- tionate number of jumps, for £100 or £500. " Gift" and " Post-boy" have a match to come ofT next week, li mile heats, for £100 ¡ 3 to 2 in favor of " Gift," although " Post-boy" has his own distance and weights. A match for £200 is to como ofT on the 13th of Merell, be- tween " Highflyer" and " Billy-bo- Peep," three mile heats, .weight 10 st. 7 lbs. Botli parties appear confident, and from the number of vic- tories old " Highflyer'' ha3 obtained lately, thc odds are ho will lose'. His proper position is jumping, not flat racing. HOMEHDSII.-Tho Programme of the nox Meeting, advertised to take place on the 23rd, 2Uh, and 25th of May, will, it is understood, vary somewhat from that of previous years. The " Gentlemen Riders," will not be an absolute rule in the Squatters' Purse. The All-aged Stakes and Australian Plate will be handicapped ; and the Publicans' Purse will be increased in value. Another arrangement is, that owners of horses who have entered for any race and do not intend to start,<vill be required to give intimation of their resolve at or before eleven a.m., on thc day nf the event for which he has nominated. We have much pleasure in informing the pub- lic, that the " Cumberland Turf Club" have determined on introducing a Handicap at their next meeting. To those who really_ desire an improvement in our equine race, this must*uc pleasing intelligence, and the public who sub- scribe, must, we feel assured, also rejoice that the Jorrocks and Maroon farce enacted at Peter- sham will not bo repeated at Parramatta. MUSWELLBROOK HACES.-These races are posi- tively to come off on the 7th, 8th, and 9th of June. The subscription list is rapidly being filled up, and we hear that the prizes will be considerable. . ' SKITTLES.--A match was played at Hearn's, between Neith and Wallford, for lOi. a-side. Won easily by the former. 