GERALDINE. -A `ALE OP CONSCIENCSE. 'VOL. III. CHAP. XXI. 'T'na day at length arose, calm and bright as their 'hopes, on which our heroine, and her three English religious sisters, were greeted with those joyous -words, " Behold :the bridegroom' cometh ! Go ye "fortlito meet him ;" that day which they were to consider as the image of-eternity, since they were S1then to com'rience that strict union with God, which 'by His grace, would be at length consummated in glory. Their meditation that morning was on the -words of the Prophet Hosea, " And I will espouse -thee to me for ever. 'I will espouse thee In justice and in judgment, in-loving kindness and in tender mercy ; I will espouse thee in faith?' The ceremony took place at an early hour, with 'holy. mass and communion. The religious sisterhood had,at a previous mass, offered up the intention of their communion for the novices about to be pro "fessed. All was on that day in:harmony with the 'hidden life int6 which these'were to enter. ' With the bxception of the pious benefactress of the convent, all who filled the chapel and choir were consecrated 'to the immediate service of'God. A congregation of holy priests and friar, who had themselves des pised-the" empire of the world and the grandeur of the eartli,"-and whose presence was the only thing ,that recalled our heroine to a silent consent and 'satisfaction in the sympathy and support of human . example,- gave her a foretaste of that blessed com -munion of saints to be hereafter perfected in glory. The procession now began,-preceded, as on the day of the reception, by the Cross-bearer, whilethe choir sang the" Vent Creator;" and having en Stered the choir, Geraldine knelt at the grate; the act of profession, with pen and ink, lay near her. The bishop now entoned from the altar, " Emitte -spiritum tuum," &c.; " Send forth 'thy spirit, and "tlhey shall be created. ": 'Response.-" And thou -shalt renew the face of "the earth." Cielebrant. "'Let us pray.-=O God, who by the "light of the Holy Ghost, hast instructed the hearts of the faithful, grant us in the same Spirit a right understanding, and ever to rejoice in His consola tions, through Christ our 'Lord. Amen. -:The bishop then blessed the black veils which lay nearthe altar, saying, '"Our help is int4he name-of the Lord." . R. " Who' made heaven and earth." V, .' Show us, O Lord, thy mercy." - R. " And grant us Thy salvation." -'V. '5 O Lord God of Hosts convert us." R. " And 'show thy face, and we shall be saved." 'V. O Lord,-hear my.prayer." R. " And let my cry come unto Thee." V. " The Lord be with you." : R. * And with thy spirit." - -V. 5' Let us pray.-We humbly beseech Thee, O Lord, that Thy bounteous blessing may descend -on these garments which are to be put on the heads .of Thy servants, and that they may- be blessed, con secrated, unspotted, and holy, through Christ our Lord. Amen;' " O God I Head of all the faithful, and Saviour of the whole body, sanctify with thy right-hand these coverings of the veil, which for Thy love and thy most blessed Mother's, Thy servants are about to have placed on'their heads ; and may they by Thy protection, with equal purity of mind and body, ever preserve what Is mystically signified thereby ; that when, with the prudent virgins, they may come to the everlasting recompense of the Saints, they being also prepared, may be worthy to enter, conducted by Thee, to the nuptials of endless felicity, who livest and reignest one God, for ever and ever. Amen." The bishop then sprinkled the yells with holy wa ter, in the name of the Blessed Trinity, and the fol lowing gospel was chanted by the officlatingdeacon. _" At that 'time Jesus said to his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his Cross and follow me. Whosoever will save his life shall lose it, and he that shall lose his life for my sake, shall find it; for what doth it profit a man, If he gain the whole world and lose his own soul P or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul P For the Son of Man shall come in the glory of his Father, with his angels, and then he will ren der. to every one according to his works.' " The mother-superior and assistant then conducted our heroine to the grate, where, on her knees, she was thus interrogated by the bishop, " My, child, what do you demand." . " My lord, I most humbly beg to be received to the holy profession." " My child, do you consider yourself sufficiently instructed in wlhat regards the vows of religion and the rules and constiiutions of this institute P and do you know the obligations you contract by the holy ..professlorn P" *" Yes, iny lord, with the grace of God." " fay God grant you persevetence in your holy resolution, and may He deign, in His mercy, to consummate what He has begun, In the name of the Fathier, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Ame:' ; Sisters Mary Camilla, Mary Vincent and Jose phine, then'succeeded our heroine at the grate of the choir, being questioned in the same manner by the bishop; after which the organ pealed forth its rich tones at different Intervals, and announced the so lemn mass of the Holy Ghost,:during which the followiog prayers were said. '" Grant, O Lord, to these thy servants, whom Thou hast deigned t6 adorn with the honour of chastity, effectually to complete the work they have undertaken ; and, that they may present to Thee its full-perfection, may they deserve to-bring what they have begun to a conclusion, through our Lord Jesus Christ, who with Thee liveth and reigneth in the unity of the Holy Ghost, one God world without end. Amen." " Grant, we beseech Thee, O Lord, in virtue of "the sacrifice presented to Thee, that Thy servants here'present may persevere to the end of their lives, that the gates being open at the coming of the great *King, they may be worthy to enter with joy into Thy heavenly kingdom, through Christ our lIrd," &c.; Post Comnunion. S"O God, who hast established Thy habitationlin a chaste heart,look down upon these thy servants, and may they receive Thy consolation, whatsoever they require, through our Lord Jesus Christ?'.&c.; The mother-superior then chanted the versicle, ' Offer to-God the sacrifice of praise." Response.-" And pay thy vows to the Most High." In the mean time, the mother-assistant had taken the lighted taper from Geraldine, and-given her the act of profession. She then advanced to the grate and sang the " Vota mesa Domino," &c.; "I will pay my vows to the Lord, in the sight of all his people, in the courts of the-house of the Lord;" Geraldine then knelt, and the Confiteor was said, after which, the bishop pronouncing the " Domine non sum dignus," -&c.; " Lord, I am not worthy that Thou shouldest come under-my roof," &c.;, approached the grate, bearing with all solemnity the -adorable Sacrament, which he held before her, while she pro nounced her vows. " In the name of our -Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and under'the protection of His immaculate Mother, Mary,ver"Virgin, I, Geraldine Carrington do Grey, called" in religion, sister Mary Paula, of the most Holy Trinity, do vow and promise to God perpetual poverty, chastity, obedience and the service of the poor, sick, and igsiorant, and to preserve until the end- of my life in this Institute of our Blessed SLady of Mercy, according to its approved rule and constitutions, under the- authority and' in the presence of you, my Lord and Right Reverehd Father in God, Patrick M'Namara, bishop of this diocese, and - of our Reverend Mother, -Honora O'Brien, called in religion, Mary Theresa, mother superior of this convent of our Lady of Mercy. This day of' in the -yeas of pur Lord. . Our heroine then marking with the pen given to her a crost after her signature,'delivered the act of -profession to the mother-assistant, who, knelt at her left land, and the awful moment-the concentration .-the essence, as it were, of the whole solemn rite, when her soul having pledged herself- to her divine. Spouse, was to receive in return His pledge and -earnest of mystical union ; that moment was arrived, and the bishop, pronouncing the following words, `administered to her the Holy Communion. " What God has commenced in -thee, may He Himself perfect: and may the body of our Lord Jesus Christ-preserve thy soul unto life everlasting. Amen." ' With -feelings far more of heaven than of earth, sister Mary Paula retired from the grate, and the three sister-aspirants to the same heavenly espousals, advanced each in turn to the grate-; our heroine was -conducted -to the mother-superior, and, kneel ing, presented to her the Act of 'Profession; and received from lher in return the sacred .ring, which had been previously consecrated -by the 'following prayers s " O, Creator and preserver of the human race, giver of spiritual.joy, guide to eternal salvation, deign Thou, O Lord, to send Thy- holy spirit, the Paraclete,-frpm -Heaven, and .Thy holy benediction on this ring, that it may be a.powerful defence against every assault of the Devil. And -in Thy name I bless-t and consecrate t it. In the- name of the Father t, and of the Son t, and of the Holy t Ghost. Amen." When the mother-superior had received'from-the four newly-professed sisters the Acts of their Pro fession, and had placed on the finger of each the sacred symbol of her espousa!s, they-retired to their .usual places in the choir, and from the altar the antiphons and prayers continued tU?us':- " Come; Holy Ghost, replenish the hearts of Thy faithful, and kindle within them tl1e -fire of Thy 'divine love. " O God, unto whom all heasts are open, all-desires are known, and from. whom-no secrets nre-hidden, purify the: thoughts of our hearts by ithe inspirations of Thy holy spirit, that we may deserve perfectly to -love Thee, and worthily to praise Thee, through our Lord Jesus Christ, who liveth and reigneth with Thee, and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without -end. Amen." " We beseechi Thee, O Lord, that our actions may be preceded by Thy inspirations,and carried by Thy assistance, that every prayer and work of ours may always begin with Thee, and by Thee be happily ended, through Christ, our Lord. Amen." During this last prayer, Geraldine and her three companions were instructed to rise, and having again advanced to the grate, to kneel there during the following prayers: V. " The Lord be with you." A. "And with thy spirit." V. "Lot us pray. O Eternal God, and Al mighty Father, who knowest the weakness of human frailty, look down, we beseech Thee, on these Thy servants, and vouchsafe to strengthen their weakness with the overflowing abundance of Thy benediction, that, assisted by Thy grace, they may, by a holy, pious, and religious life, be able vigilantly to keep the vows which theybhave made, by the influence of Thy holy inspiration, through Christ, our Lord. Amen." " Let us pray. May thie Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies, who willeth not Ie deathof a sinner, but rather that he be converted and live, who calleth all to repentance in his uqpspeakable mercy and wonted tenderness, may He inspire you with true and constant contrition of heart and holy re pentance, that you may be able worthily to wear the habit of religion and holy professlods, and, following your holy promlses, persevere in His holy service, and happily arrive, with His elect, for everlasting joys. Whlo, with the Father, and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth, one God, world without end. Amen." The bishop then sprinkling the newly professed with holy water, in the name of the blessed Trinity, the choir commenced the " Tenuistl manurm, &c.;" "Thou hast held me by my right hand s and-by Thy will Thou hast conducted me s and withl glory Thou hast received me" - Response.-" For what have 1 in Heaven, and, besides Thee, what do I desire upon earth "' The newly-professed sisters then replied, In unison, " Defecit caro mea, &c.;" - " For Thee my flesh and my heart have fainted. Thou art the God of my heart, and the God that is my portion for ever." The bishop then entoned the "Venti Sponsa Christi ;" "Come, Spouse of Christ ;"- which' the choir continued thus, " Receive the crown which the Lord hath prepared.for thee for ever. " May the Lord be to thee a helper and protector, and pardon all thy sins. Amen." Geraldine then sang the "Suscipe me, Domine, I Ec." three times, in honour of the blessed Trinity, the music changing not in air but in key, which' produced a solemn and touching effect.. "Uphold n1, according to Thy word, and I shall live, and let me not be confounded in my expectation." "Tben, kneeling, she received the black veil from the bishop, who said, in placing it on her head, . Receive the holy veil, the emblem of chastity and modesty, which, mayest thou carry before the judgment-seat of oui Lord Jesus Christ, that thou mayest have eternal life, and mayest live for ever. .;Geraldine then rising, and holding-her lighted' taper, sang the" Posuit signum " " He bas placed his seal upon my forehead, that .I shouldadmit no otherlover but Him." - The other newly-professed sisters then received. each her veil with the same forms, and all kneeling, the bishop blessed them as follows - "May God the4ather, who in the seginning created all things, bless you. Amen. 4' May God the Son w?ho, as our Saviour came down from heaven, and did not refuse to suffer the death of the.Cross, bless you. Amen. ' . "May God the Holy Ghost, who in the river Jordan, rested on Christ in the form of a dove, bless you. Amen.... " And may He in perfect Trinity, sanctify and preserve you all the days of your life, whom we ex pect to come to judgment: who with the Father and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth for ever and ever. Amen." - "May the Lord pardon all your infirmities.' "' Amen." " May He loheal all your diseases." "Amen." "' May He redeem your life from destruction." "' Amen." " May He strengthen and confirm in btll things your desire, who in perfect Trinity, liveth and reigneth one God, world without end. Amen." Then was entoned the " Regnum Mundi," &c.; SThe empire of this world and all the grandeur of this earth, I have despised for love of our Lbrd Jesus Christ, whom I have seen, whom I have loved, in whom I have believed, and towards whom my heart inclineth." "My heart hath uttered a good word, I speak my works to the ing." "I have chosen to be an abject in the house of my Lord Jesus Christ. Glory be to the Father, and to the Sonanld to the Holy Ghost." The newly- professed sisters then prostrated them. selves, and while they thus lay dead to the world and admitted to the sweet joy of the new and celestial life, the glorious " To -Deum" arose in solemn chant, from the holy brethren and sisters in the chapel and choir. " What were the thoughts and aspirations of our heroine, as thus she found consummated the intense desires of her hcart P We cannot tell,- we presume not to intrude on the holy retirement of her soul with God, and henceforth we must conjecture more than certify her thoughts ; for' she has found the secret of that-hidden joy laid up for those who seek. to be forgotten ; who, turning from the affection of God's best creatures,-not from weariness, or want of charity,--but from a purer, higher love, have 'found their rest with-God! Six months after the profession of the four English Sisters of Mercy, they returned 'to their own country, accompanied by three experienced nuns of the order. ,If, in the hearts of these Irish sisters, some national regret mingled in this farewell to their own beloved community, it was superseded by the generous wish to add the sacrifice to those already made of home's sweet ties, for the love of Jesus Christ, their Spouse : and with still more devoted feeling, and more sacred tone, they might 'have sung their native.astrain,- " Though-the last glimpse of Erin with sorrow I see, Yet, wherever Thou art shall seem Erin to me." It had been' so arranged, that the sisters arrived in Elverton on the eve of the Festival of Our Lady of Mercy, which is the feast of the order. Seven years before, had loud acclamations and peals of welcome greeted the bride, and heiress of the manor, on her return from the continent. She now passed through the main street of the town, and by the lodge-gates of lo'r'birth-place; unnoticed, in one of two hlired vehicles, whlich.conveyed the humble hand to tlieir niew convent; but on the former occasfon, shle had joined in the penitential breathings of the Miserere psalm, while now the song of thanksgiving arose in the hundred and second psalm; and we may well' conclude thlat our Geraldine's soul blessed the Lord, thlat all within her praised His holy name, and that she forgot not all that He had done for her, in redeeming loer life from destruction, and crown ing her with mercy and compassion. Father Bernard, Isabel Lester, and a pious as' semblage of aspirants for the veil, awaited their arrival, for solemn benedielon and thanksgiving s and dn the following morniig, after thel sad a;lence of three centuries, the joyous peal and tollings were heard once more of the" Angelus Domini" from the tower of the Abbey; and again did consecrated voiqes send fortls their homage to the mysteries of the Incarnation. The spiritual and corporal works of mercy fol lowed the duties of the 'choir, andijall withlin and around the Abbey bid fair to realize the motto of the convent, " Gloria in excelsis Deo, Et in terra pax I" OTH 350D. 