XiOCA.X> XNTHLX,IC3Moc I Brirf.ry ami Connmios.-, „ B drretood thai in ihii c:i,c J Major St. John's coumH ha, tC! ,J' ; VB to go upon " the merits '' of the e.vl B from many tucis that hnvc COIr„'. knowledge, wo have every belief !'?'B necessary to lake this iirecauti-T'f B docs this tnllv w ith the " not mfp. B mi 1/ honor " address ? It U unr.si |V! B and the merits only that the tir'-' 'B should be conducted, far ;r ";::B trchm'cfittv h»t out, it is rlcar tH —B closures are dangerous. Tub as much between Major St. Jtbn .. f ;B Government, and the Goviit-,.?, ' 'I the public, as between ,':M and St. John. " '"'W GlPl'S W.OtD.— One of the n-n...t- B able meetings connected villi ... V'B matters wc recoiled, inck place <\- v'iB day evening nl the Elephant ar.d CuB Utile llourkc-strrct. '1 ii« g-.tk"., B for the purpose of placing Mr John S-.'B as their representative to fill il.p r£B chair at the council table, c.w(J i . retirement of Mr. Councillor liu'i:- »B was disqualified by the il irUiou of"i£jB vision Court. Mr Stephen's were punctual in tlnir oiiir.h-B and the cxpressitai in favour rf B candidate were unanimouc. Mr in addressing the meeting, raid it h asserted be was a man who vculd icilt'-l intcrcslsof bis constituent on »r.y sion a brief with n fee na> hamlcj VI begged to deny this in into, ami rr.jiuB serve ho had in his past rarci-r fahutyof this attempt to iiiisiepte..rtt;M principal by the enemy; he vo-jlJ s!m-B lurs his constituents' interest upM—'B in his mind, and should be at cB lime be required to ntlend prnfmjcsilirB a cose of emergency, ho uould par tD':B the amount offorcd'to nrmihrr tr.tr. L:'B llic jirofession ho had the honour lo Ulrtl to. to rlo-his duty for the client, f t he :B sidercd that any gcntleinan rotsir.g LntB as the representative of many, should r.B erl the whole of ill's talent in ' their ci-.u I or he had no right to lake up tint ri-.ul and ask their suffiage. Some verv ticru-.B speeches were made in the course ef:-.B eTcningand the meeting then adjourn.' Mr Dowlitig's committee eUn held » crcl ing the same evening at the Candidrfil house (tha Lord Nelson) and ihcrt uv.l gentleman's, qualifications ssere prcz:! gated. The meeting was very nw:.l ous, and his supporters did all therco; il to advance his interest, srhirh Appeared : I coniirl of Mr Dow ling being a Kt l ing matt;' a first rat- atchitict, tad t:e| who was able end willing to answer si r I question from the first six to. As of Hcih'.l No One, however, in the meeting ctxinil forward to question the candidate's Itamirpl in geometry, the assembly separated. I Tale of the Tub - The article in ques- tion thus designated, was de facto a quarter cask which had originally been made for the purpose of imprisoning a quantity of the juice of the grape, but afterwards appropriated to the vile purpose of holding fat; and while so used lost its upper story (or more properly speaking the head), which by a point at law not generally known, caused the property to be de- scribed a tub. The proprietor of the tub, Mr. James Bragg Slack, a cooper, then appeared at the Police Office on Saturday morning, to prosecute one John McCormick for stealing that article from his premises, and managed most effectively to make a prima facie case against the pri- soner. Mr. Bragg Slack, who was not de- ficient of bragadocia, first called for the prosecution, Ashley of the detective force, who said he had, from instructions re- ceived from Mr. Slack, taken of possession of the tub and apprehended the prisoner; he did not consider the stolen property to be worth more than two shillings, and would not himself give twopence to be its owner. The prosecutor had repeatedly asked him to take the prisoner into custody, but he refused to do so until the article now before the court had been pointed out. Mr James Chambers who resides off Bourke-lane, said he purchased the tub at Mr Bell's auction room about a month since, and he understood at that time it had been sent there by a general dealer named Tyler. Benjamin Tyler owned to having sent a tub or cask to Mr Bell's auction for disposal, but could not identify the one produced as being the same; the one he sent had been purchased from a man named Sweeney. Mr Sweeney said he sold the task to the last witness, and obtained it from his wife, whom he had left in charge of his household affairs during a short sojourn in the interior. Mrs Sweeney told the magistrate that during her husband's absence, the prisoner, who was then residing with the prosecutor, made her a present of the property. She at that time was on speaking terms with McCormack, James Miller de- posed he lived with Mrs Sweeney and recollected McCormack calling at the witnesses residence, and threatening what he would do if she said he was a party who gave her the property. This being the close of the case for the prosecution, the prisoner totally denied everything that had been said, and stated to the Bench that the prosecutor and himself had always lived to- gether as brothers, but now were sworn enemies, therefore he hoped the Magis- trates would not believe any of the state- ments made by the different witnesses. The Bench, however, did not coincide in McCormack's view of the case, and committed him for trial, but allowed him out on bail for his appearance to answer the charge at the criminal session if called upon. (H'rra's Tin sTI.r — The Ice Witch"; product -I on M»vJ ,s est n'ug.t -a » irowdi- lonii", an 1 gave gsr.i '.si tth.rri. T'f -r-n-re a red drrs-rs vr. t; ihcif, :"A the lie Witch (Mr.. Mere! n). sod ths i!- tendant spirits, tog. tber ssitb the 8m 0 » are! hi. host of rpirl's had t u se -..fi-'c"- eir.e!, wt- predl. t a good run hr this tpgi . »r..>a'« »»:?' iu t.-e . he it . .1 n. .lit,- a ap f h alien, »'» ditl tin- sees t v i t j.'t; ve.'.anre of Mrs Chi s'.t r :i> .Miii t ; :!.i , .tiis's srn.-s, ''y ' .dental to the price ss err much and ; rvedly applaud "d. Ti e I re XVitfh is ( 1 be tep.-.-.ted this cvvuiug, aad dctcrees | bumper house. mis9i0nauy I ,vt k 1. 1, l n p. n t; t; . — a letter has been received from Mr. llarff, one of the missionaries who nrrivetl nl Iloliart Town in the missionary ship 'John Wil liams'' and who visited this stile of the is- Innd. Tito 'John Williams' left Hohnrt Town for the South Sea Islandt on the 31st March. .Mr. IDriFs communication is dated H.itaten, 3 1st July. He says — Wo had a boisterous passage from HobartTown to Tahiti. We reached Tahiti in safety on the 22nd of April, and had the plcttstiro of nteeiiiig again our dear som and daughters employed in !h» work of Gail in tho cn- jovmcnt of health. Wo nrrived at Hua- ni'ae, our stitinn, on lite 20th of April, after n absenee of about fifteen months. Onr dear people received us again with open srms. We have resumed our tnisstonary dutics with increased prospects of uscful- nesi; our congregajiotts uio uniformly large, our schools arell nttended both by adults nnd children. Many of the natives have commenced re- building their houses, but it niil take them some Venn to restore (hot-mo to the atate it was tit when lite French hurtled it. Communications hnvo resche l us front Franco giving an account of the tlet.-irnnnnicnt of Louis ,, Philippe: the French soldiers on Tahiti imvo bcen kv.-jfic.Ufnt to their commanders since thSfOf! reached u«. We ore all tranquil to Iretrard ; each island has its indepen dent llsg cckuowledged brith by France and England. Rich chief has two islands; Tetietsria has lliiahlno nmt Mainriti; Tu- tnstoa has lliiatea nnd Tahon ; Tcriim.te- vsrua has llorahora and Maurna ; these from the leeward group.— Luunceston Exit- miner. Tttr M wort u.ty. — .VUlernutt Boll will l-e the Mayor for thu ensuing municipal year, and has secured the votes of the jweicr.t Mayor, Alderman Cotulcll, Coun cillors Rankin, Murray, Kerr, (seeing he himself " stinki iu tho uostriU'' of the ma- jjrity of the Council and as " Iluggins'' would say, " has'nt a ghost of a chance") Johnstone, Cisrkc, Annnnd, and M'Combic —making in all, nine votes. Horstt Biie.ski.no.— There appears to bo i well trained gang of this description of offenders, now located in this town ; for scarce , n night passes with out t burglary having been attempted, or effected. On Monday evening, tho prc- raifes of Mr. M-.rtin, n butcher, in Little Bourke- street. was microti, bv forcing open lite buck door of the house, during hfi temporary absence, and nbout forty-seven psunds in cash, stolen from a drawer in the vtrlour. The detectives nro on tho alert, bat baring been recently defeated by the tltempls in one" or two cases to ptove an a Bi, are determined to make sure of their mark before arresting any patty on sus picion. They have, however, made up their min.h to bring before the palice b;nch, a wl of prowling vagnbouds to give sn sccrmnt of tlicir stewardship. Tiik Ullt'RClt.— The llev.' Mr. Hall, who nxi arrived by the ' Royal George,' from Landon— is a clergyman of the Church of fcn?Unu, Tttr. Miohty Y.\LLr.>t.— It is with great rrgrct that we hear Mr. .Benjamin Boyd was recently arrested on a judge's order in Sydney, tt- the instance of n Mr. Moutry, fcr s debt of one thousand pounds, lie trsi five days in caul before sureties could be procured. Not one of the parasite who swilled at his hospitable board nntl crouched at his feet, came to the rescue in the shape of bail. -It's an old talc, o.i told." Tnr.Ti'RF.— Recent advices from Sydney sanounec tho death of the celebralcd " Jortocks,'' from rold. 