Game at 'Definitions.' Language. — A chain to unite men and keep mankind disunited. — A large issue of notes which has often a ?mall basis of sold. Theatre. — An homoeopathic hospital where small doses of society are given to cure society. — The chamber wherein bachelors receive curtain-lectures. Mirror, — A journal in which Time records his travels'. Child —The ever- renewed hope of the world.— God's problem, waiting man's solution. Miter.— An amateur pauper.— A lover who it contented with a look. Ignorance.— A serpent which many foster because they suppose it to be harmless. — A dark place where poor people are allowed to grope about till they hurt themselves or somebody else. Bachelor. — A male who shirks his regular load. t-hop. — Private interest disguised as publio utility.— A prison for himself, built by a man of the materials he deals in. China. — A hermit among nations.— A living toad embedded in stone. Paper. — A receiver of stolen goods. Politics.— A national humming-top, which spins the least when it hums the most. Prison.— The grave where State Doctors bury their murdered patients. Napoleon. — A naughty boy who was put in a corner because he wanted the world to play with. Civilization. — Mankind's struggle upwards, in which millions are trampled to deBtb that thousands may mount on their bodies. Metaphysics —Words to stay the appetite till facts are ready. Death. — A notice served on society for your trial. Ijftxes- — Feathers plucked from all birds to line the nests of a lew. Monk. — A coward who wont flghf. America. — Young John Bull working with his coat off. Sleep — The only thief who benefits you by robbing you. Fire. — The only bard-working servant who i6 cheerfully admitted as a friend in the drawing-room. War. — Murder to music. Ball- Room.— The camp of modern amazons. Tyranny. — Knocking people on to their knees for the crime of standing upright. Tobacco. — A triple memento mori — dust for the nose, BBnro ror me mouin, ana poison tor ine eiomacn. Charity.— Out whom we delight to follow, but dread to face. Life. — A compulsory journey over a precarious road, on which the more luggage you have the more lightly you travel. Marriage. -'Love brought to trial. — Going home by daylight alter courtship's masquerade. Iron —The bones of the giant Civilisation. Pawnbroker. — The poor man's banker. — A man who holds your coat whilst you fight. Slave.— A human epitaph of human feelings. Fame. — A glass castle erected by public opinion for the better observation of its inmates. City. — A human hive without its honey«comb. Ship. — The telescope of the world. Money. — The largest slave- holder in the world. Experience. — The scars of our wounds. Wine. — Buttled fever. — A friend who seldom dies with out torturing us with his ghost. Debt. — A slice out of another man's loaf. Coat. — A check drawn on society by your tailor. Pauper. — An animal so like a man as to make us feel uneasy. Palace. — A guillotine which cuts off the head of a nation from its body. Ireland.— The Acteeon of nations, torn to pieces by its own doge. Savage. — An individual who goes to war with hisenemles, like a heathen, and takes their scalps — instead of going to law with them, like a Christian, and taking their goods. Soldier. — A live target, set up by one nation for another to shoot at. Bee, — A self-taught botanist, whose works command a ready sale. ? 