Local Intelligence. ODDS AND ENDS — The return match with the Geelong Cricket Club is to be played in Melbourne, on Saturday next. A neat and elegantly designed public house is building on Myne » Bridge, half-way lo the race ground, ami adjoining the town boundary, two-aod-half mRca from town.— —Mr. La Trobe D u» Portland, for what purpose deponent. «aith not The motion lor i new trio) in Moor r, Kerr come off to-morrow The last day for filing plaint In the Request Court, (for next Monday) is this day, the 28th instant. — -The Geelnng pnUie are not pat ronising theatrical In the " commer cial emporium " of the province.— — A certain member of the Town Coun cil, in mooting the u atieela level" quetiion, is levelling hi remark at tho Town Surveyor. Councillor M'Oottble aj» he won't stand again for the Council, because they (the Council) foul at Ai'i It would be rather astonishing if they did anything else. Bunylp it (a eonfidrntly asserted will not run for the Town Plate, and perhaps, not at aU. Petrel is in splendid condition. Two or' '.three eases of scarlet fever have appeared.— Our "pot twine parson" ha Imdonic or lii perquisites docked by the llishop ; this is n had affair for " speculator in horse stock and Mr. James Wntaon is repairing the road from the new Flcmington Inn, on Mnync's Bridge, up to tho rise, nt the town boundary. The stock yards of this Itin cover five" acre of ground. In some part of Ireland, especially Westmenth, there nppears n reasonable prospect of voluntary assessment, for the purpose of promoting reproductive labour.- The eldest son of the Hon. Mr. Norton, heir to the ltnronv of Granllev, hns conformed to lite Church of Rome. The Grey con stitution is generally attributed to Mr. .Stephen, (late) of the Colonial Office. At the St- Patrick's Dinner, Doctor Martin proposed the health of " Mr. Geo. Cnranagh, nnd the Liberty of the Trc," in terms of admiration, which wc were at a loss to comprehend, until we saw a fourteen shilling adrer tint men t (from t pauper in mate of an Hospital) signed Jnme Grass, stating that nearly nil the " faculty of Melbourne had failed to cure hi sore leg, he "was advised to consult Dr. James Martin, now of Melbourne, who, nt once imforrood me that my leg was ' by no means incurable.' The result lias proved the nccunicv of that gentleman' opinion-; for after having been under hi care and treat ment only since the 4th February, ultimo. I have the happiness of staling that my leg is 'now fiorihrciy quite, teeli I And more over from iu present appearance, I enter tain great confidence tlint it tcill remain to. It ii not in my power to repay Doctor Martin for tho grejt service he has rendered to myself and my family ( but he lias given mo his attendance yraluiimitly ." This is nearly n good as the Iiarl of Aldborough and Holloway's ointment. Mr. Moor ha commenced, a second action against Mr. William Kerr, 'for a icpetitiqn (in greatly aggravated terms) of the libel upon which Air. Kerr was recently con victed— the repetition referred to boldly proclaim, that every lane and alley. " in this City, reaks with 'the 'numerous details of his. "(Mr. Moor's) brothel exploits," nnd further on. places his character on n bar with that of the llishop of Clogher! Bernard Gregory (of the " Satarist") himself, would blush at such a production. There arc numerous applications before tlte Town Council for the office of Inspector of Cattle Market, vacant hy the dismissal of Mr. Ainslic. St. James's on Sunday evening presented that appearance which Sydney Smith calls " sacred emptiness or pious vacuity." Mr. Thomson preached Mr. Greening, watchmaker, is appointed Clerk to the Church vice Mr. Walton. DAGUERREOTYPE. — It appears that Mr. P. Newland, of Sydney, has attained a perfection in Uti art far different from the coffinless ghosts that Mr. Goodman was wont to palm off on the Melbourne folks, at one guinea per corpse . Speaking of tlte successful effort of the Messrs. Newland's, the Sydney Herald says: — The enterprising artists have visited South America (Peru), and present us not only with characteristic portrait of its native inhabitants, but land scape of considerable Iwautv in the city of lama, and tho Port of Callao. Thence the traveller proceeded to the South Sea Islands, and in a verisimilitude of sorrow scarcely to be mistaken, we sec tjic portrait of the island Queen Potaarc— in the midst of her sufferings— her husband— her rela tive — her friends and councillor — her different classes of subject — depleted with a faithfulness that cannot lie disputed — doing more, in our minds, to establish the history of the last few rears at Tahiti than the asseveration of a dozen lecturer, or i score of erratic travellers. There, at least, civilization, — perhaps iu its rough hewn state, has cast its mantle on the people ; and we recognise the portrait before us as if it had belonged to the precinct of the ack nowledged civilized world. Tlte European portraits are very good — evincing generally a substantive appearance, very much in advance of tlte shadowy prototypes the daguerreotype first presented to Use pub lic. EutaitATlON.— " The best Emigrant," say the author of 'a voice from far Australia, is—" The poor peasant girl, the straw- plailer of Buckinghamshire, the dairymaid of Devonshire, the Scotch shepherdess, and all the crowd of girl who from lime to time are compelled to resort to great cities in search of subsistence, and who, strug gling amid a crowd of competitors for bread, find beauty or even common comeliness their bane, would, in Australia— married, full fed. and happy — wean the rude bush- men from their barbarous ways, ami bring them tack to lite old English style of their forefather-— The moral amendment of Aurtralia lies in hearths and liontc. And these must be founded in the wilder- news." "" Facts for the Famine. — We lure re cently, says the London Tablet noticed Mrs Chisholtna'a indefatigable labours in thit field, and have adverted also to the experi ence of a mechanic in Australia. All cry out aloud— 7/rreis plenty t Mere is want. Hern it a career of hope and almost certain good t there D nothing for s ou but miaerr and all bat too certain evil. It is frightful to think of the land that lack labour and the handa that want employment when we havo almost the power to annlhitsio the paee that separate them and will not use it. Theatbicalo.— Mr. Morton King tail night enjoyed a liberally patronised benefit, and it evidently a fsvopte with our play- going folk. In alluding to theatricals in Melbourne, the Vohuial TVeue of the 10th March writes a fbUowa ; — " The Port Phillip Aryut speaks somewhat dispa ragingly of hit performance of thit arduous character, and enidea hint for iu -selection for a debut, HU second appearance in H8hylock" is however characterised as 1 a Car superior performance to bis " Hamlet," ' and ia, upon the whole, applauded- The critic, however, finds the same fault with Mr. King's ranting a we did, and espe cially in the ' Bond Scene.' Further study and exjperienco will, we doubt not, enable Mr. King to remedy these defects." The Port Phillip Aryui never did anything of the kind above imputed to it The fV.Ln. il 7Tnc« quotes from the Patriot of the 2 lib February, and for about the fiflitih time — misquotes. Hodki aotn Chuecu.— Dr.si.cuxriox. — Some of the inhabitants of r- have requested us to inform the party »!>. tutored the Church, on Sunday afternoon, apparently in a slate of intoxication, aud who by his conduct, produced some excite ment amongst the congregation tell, -.-ted, that however they may U incline! to overlook the circttmatanoo thi lime, Jfi M EMy depend upon it that a nt ur race of each conduct will W viiifed with come tercriiy. ARE Tim PLANRTST. planets inhabited is a nc,.;TrrP"-J rally suggests itacl to tUw" "h;< J for a solution of which ""'HB to the science orastronom. n!ursl:) immense distance which""1 from the nearest, of ;he bored ; it can scarcely mat?'"?" " "9 cope affords no direct cvfi nn ' l,E<® tton, whether planet., like n/"1 'NB inhabited globes. Yet H direct answer to thiv enquiry"' « nomy has collected connected with the aZcaiZ the physical character and corals?1 parts nlnyed on the snar il',,! several globe, of which thst V3 posed, which forms a va,t bodV ',3"''® leading the intelligent mind ,7 Sion that the planet, are in the economy of the univ, ' N-fl functions, and created by ul(. for the same moral purpo.r, , -W same destinies, n the citt'U'V'" example, we find that t|..,c „',v own, roll in regulated periel '.1 sun, that they have successions of seasons ; that ix,, vuded with atmosphere.,, sup,'2;',,l and agitated hy winds ; and their clirontra nnd i.c.ion nrc fl cvanoralton. and that .howrrs surfaces. 4„r we ltno» ,ha, « existence of clouds is mi,if V7c:B water must exist, there evapol on; there electricity, with it, phenomena must reign ; their r.;?l fall | there hail and snow rmui ,n upon the planet Maris that advances have been made in ti;, '7.« mcnt of enquiry. Under favounhh SI stances its disc is seen to I tMnvdrl n varied outline, some portinn a, reflective than land, llacr and jj-'J two Prussian astronomers, lu,c roanyycari'-tabour to the cizai-uul Mara, and the result ha, P,u u, ia"Uj aton of a map .of the gre-m.Sr rjl planet, almost as exact and ri thai which we passes of o0tn; i„ <9 the geographical outlines of hsl r-p have been made apparent npm ' p null more extraordinary fact in rdvi-J this planet remains to !< Among. tho shaded marking, t;,v been noted by the telescope upaa it, i' J retnarkble region of brilliant vkiuil standing out in boldest relief, hu Wl served surrounding the visible poV highly illuminated spot is to be wis J plainly when it cmcrgr froa ik, m night of the winter season; but has passed slowly beneath the bnt rf 1 solar I teams, it is found to lure m! J contracted iu dimension ; and it 11 before it ha plunged into light r | opposite side, to have entirely diurptl But the opposite pole, then caaoz 1 similar relations, is found to he fsrjl m! s L K HL. t . - I ... ® »»« lumiQcma »pov, wnifJi in dissolve as it become, located by tit ' mcr tun. Now these facu prove to txH 1 contcsliblr that the very gcoptfiB 1 regions of Mars are fac-simdrs of eac| ' In the long polar winters the snaa- ircX late in the resolution of its trgb Krifl and southern ' latitudes, until they btcB visible to us in consequence of their rdfl live properties ; and these arc il-M melted a > the sun's rare rather piraH tho advancing reason, until thev mx I tic appreciable to terrestrial cywl lbs ifl ia a most atricking one in rc'frrrr.rv t: present question. — U'eitmimter P'oreiyn Quarterly. I INQUEST. — An inquest Wit hr'id CO the brig " Giraffe." lying in llnhson'ilH licforc \V. It. VVilmot. Eap, CerosmH tho view of the body of Thomai KUA following Jury were impsnoelltd— P>uB I.alla, Charles Crombie, Thomas IW George Carton, Andrew Alien. J. HitH John Christophcrton, William Kent, SiB Baxter, Phillip Miller, Thorns Jahexfl Abraham WeaL Captain lUJeb ItekvH of the " Giraffe," raid, about hall-put IrH o'clock on the afternoon of the 21th MrH whilst deceased «< occupied whhhii :A duties aloft, bo fell from underon'J H main-top-matl to the deck if thetrvH about a minute before deceived fill. I him occupied with the ropes jtuiUbvH main top ; he was alone, and prrfrc'J) tlH 1 immediately went to bis atiiiuatil lifted up hi head i he wa then icntiM! H tent for the surgeon of the ceased lingered until early on thc morning when he died, lvdsiz 3-1 Esq., Surgeon of the " Stag,s dcpstf-'M soon after half-past telre o'tloci t-vH afternoon of tiro 2tth March. wa sent for to see the deemed, tho " Gtraffo" j ho was lying on tkt complaining of great pain in the ks and ui the lower part of tin ehtv. t latter |daee there was no extern! violence ; the left wrist «» dish-ram-1 one of tho bones of the fore arm « - lured i there was also a bruin ra J" hip i the pulso was labouring, hu' k ! regular j tho pupil also acted aflrem- tho dislocation, and attending to ho had recourse to tho ususl ref"1 , ,. tho following morning he received » tea - Captain Itobinson informing his « H death, and had no douht that ucs'a instance has resulted from cnw Injury occasioned hy a fall from l top. Verdict " Accidental DcvL;. , \- The LntEfr Cwt — V ,bf " M vesterday, the complainant Mr.j Stephen, did not appear to p'""'-" .'-iM John Curtis, tlic reporter fr l.' >' Albion ricwspai". f'" j1 ',d£.\ prarcl in a recent num'- r eu tie accusing Mr. Sixbey _>'.< phe of ting his msgiiterivl 1 .x sat; s; 'H temptihle purposii. Dif , .i an;.-" " case ws taken on'. Ixxt .k. sr J ''-' jM yesterday, hut Mr. 8 J; j,i4rn called three tj .net v ,.1 no on- '"'V iH for him. a pix-a <1 Ti"' recorded and ll.-t ta.-« c dit.nissej. H iNrnRMxTD'.v — Mr. H' px-x'ixl at the ISffire Offi« ",j aOAiser an i-,,fx,nni"? whnh hi', -y-y ayiiiut h: r.u for mskii-g his h&'«Vur' liee-n»<'. Kv 3 '""J;'? . " vfl ne«v»n to trade under it I'lliL' ;> .Stephen luppwt'l ! ' 1 a-.d M,. J.xhn a.,s , - drfrmv. Irorowhat " t.ni'B thx matter, it ATS ==. .rem,! Jr.mx. N' «''jr>. hid . tM f-.xlin,:.' to-iDis H' rt,!..'«er,: a..; '1 «'4ts4. i 3U ' s . -|H agiinit 'iiiui- hut afte.h C'vef OnstaWe » ho laiJ the did n -t fi t I inclined <" Is' the .UKtrdms- a!lJ ,!® the Bench to allow the care «» '1 in order that a subparts m.ehi compel Now bun's sttendsntr. _ . \nTr- ON NKwapAPrw. A'H neKtyT u; t j has furnish- ' "l,nor ' tim trinl of Croode, for liltcl. rJh'"p rt l'hiiliu Herald, fur puhlicntion. the For 1 > >';P ;ro corrcclly nnd ford. Hlln 'ronnr , j display railicf n leaning 'Mj «Pr('5")' ' J, ,nwards tlio vocation of «h»-anan r;arr:ighl) for from his «ljU«ncricnee in the humbler walks of ? nture -ofwhicli. we trust, ho is not too B1' i „ be a»hamcd — he must have found difficult it i to reach, in practice, Who t/oru perfect journal. In Ins >ouU.fuI M?.. wnilaoi a'llcckett was a l.tcrarr &,hor.nriblyworkinR for , hi. iroacf, Aflame time striving for lu. nd»nco- 'Vmin his rr(,fc"!on' und,0.r- Toe as an editor, was. we believe, the SUnofa Iliognphicnl Dictionary, TioiSitk octavo volumes. Soon nfter Ibis nrrival in Sydney 1837, and while ho .. siactiunR « b llamster, ho was cm- l',a id br.Mr. Tcgg to edit n small weekly Fo'j nt!. P»g«8!wrt?< cnt'U.pd ,,hc B 1 itetarv New»,"for performing wduchduly i, rceeiVrJ two pounds a week. Thispubli- B cnion was a very "so-so" affair, as itposscs- B Ld neither the weight of n magarinc.nor the B htcrrst of a ncwsjupcr, although it was B o'cndctl to have combined both. It -was B crittioly kept free from libels j o that his B Honor mav at all cwnts be free from ro- B nor<c on that score. Tho . Literary Xe-.rs, dlrrasi month's cxisumre, expired of in- I ljition, nnmnurned and unmtsstd. I'cr- tips Mr. .'Beckett thouglit ho did quite rccagh for the remuneration ho received. I Sj perhaps ho did ; but this principle of Nroprcimising dignity, in proportion to pay, is in literature, a most prcnicious one. and, I fut.lrl to the very fault for which Goodc I suffering two months' imprisonment. Q-jaJe cntcrol, with two others, into n part- I nfohip. the terms of which were, that in I ow of anv disagreement arising, tho min- I erity diooi be bound by tho opinions of I lis majority, — > very proper regulation, if I partnership' in such matters he allowable exit. Goodc ruhl his independence,— Bind SI His punishment is undoubtedly a so- I urr one, and docs not reach tho actual of- fraden whilst n pecuniary (icnalty would I hrc affected tho whole co-partnery, which I ltd been shown to exist. His Honor's nurtures upon the efuxx of libellers, are I ink hut by no means applicable to tho «'o- iriWlw was addressing. The libel was I saiadcfeasible one, and deserving the sc- no punisltnient ; hut we always thought I ibt the sentence should be f>ro;iortionnl to thjejret vf guilt of the prisoner, and to I the atrocity of the crime laid in the iildfet- I crat M'e cannot help thinking that he I Lu been farriiiced to a theory, and to a I lirioui itstc of the law, which was avowed- I I; frsmrd for the purpose of screening tho I irisxl writers of newspoper stricture — ves, I uovcdly framed for that purpose, l'ho incident is fresh in the memorr of many of I cur readers. TYhcn Sir Ucorgo tlipps I riiited I'ort l'hillip, he wax waited upon by I tbe then three Mrlbourne rditort — the no- I trrioji, self-ityleil " TRT.t JUNCTa in uno" I — bo perkxuded Sir George to protnUc I that on nil return to Sydney he would in- I truducc a bill tn repeal'tbe good old colo- I nisi law, which enacted that Die name of I the editor, as well a. the printer, propric- I tor, and publisher should be registered and I inserted m the imprint. Sir Oecrpe kqit I hisprtunise. The consequence is, Uut un- I pn'sripW scamps can now pun their libel I ia security, w hile such poor devil a Ooodc I vsdfqp) punishment as the liScllera'proxie. K Shortly aJlcrlhe passing of tho disgraceful I set, against which wre loudly protested, I certsin of the Melbourne proprietors ac- I registered the ir ps|>eri in the names I of their journeymen compositor. The I U cpeni a dour for the escape of the guil- I tr, xnd impounds the comparativelv inno- I «st as lubitjtute ! His Honor the Judge I md. - he cquhl not understand how a man I could put himself in the power of another, I " ??"'" Indeed! not undcr- I "v7 , " 'lr 0,>ce » literary hack him I jrJ In What position would Mr. Tcs? I hjd I,w confidence in Mr. I Lsvi"1 b"n ""Placed ? Author and I J?J4d,w ®nst yield a little to each other i I some degree of mutual rc- I on rich other, it would not bo pro- I El ! of Uicnj ihooM docrdly I oUlnKi each other.— f.'ev- I urn1, n' vf ,r Fu'»k'Lr_NT Lwiau- I J T ' ,!e l'P!ic>,'on that I. Hughes might be admitlsal to hail, It.. Hoanr Ull(. tllM ,lc JuJ ) a S Ifl" ,hil «-» to be re- .ftP" 'o admit to Rff "nvwuoo, except in case where I lidvbTr'n0 'I'11 no judgment wra uff fa A ' ' .f " ,ho wuh tWwrtll,1f',TO,ur' ih'ow.asbc (the t A-rt ".1 d wid tho day before, on hxd m lI,c defendant, he "JtiicrsUl,' n du.,3rb3r>5in? CTt,r KvsJle. to him, both In IA. I a,?"v,t 11,8 c''rge, fully be- S 'J' (»Rd bo was ?ou.nM, »n«Id assent to ;iotrx«d?fo- 9lr J d Jon® thi " f»' "WNy fo. the defendant at was possible. He Il'Irkr w UTT find pronoun cetl tiwt " BUlUy' »» furhirn to say lad L ,lre ? The constitution w> their baniU, and c«ifo» present epplicatioo, lcA.1, ' dethlon shpuld be wkm to drwtsH PtppriftJ f fie terslict, iu- «w nut® In,Tu"u«« on Use motion called f uccaxion, or ('wsld the 8' er sentence, «fi« prisoner cvi- for M u ?,ou'd become no- , ,le. fiu'd then be pre- KsST." "I!01?1 00 ,hc »»fijwL vaq's4, du,y f Osurt L on ,!>c which bad tJ 1 ""f «fi "PpUcation for »;a. C0U,J 001 » w»pU«| u£t»h>»%0,.TEA At'«mALLt.-Thc sUotLl . .p tho ..-suantity of Tea front JUn" ',<0 lo 47 f'crnw-a »"d for th subsequent 4,"'rr p»rt4'Jo:< 4T, ntr- Gaol.- — The tlrlbouiae r: , i® u'"dsy mamiog, at the i;»'i-a " ereupUsl be an intra- '''pi'-T S> ,)',r 'OstUuled us'fsrre Die 'V Lsii.a i.. T fc»sq.. the Sif: .aduct rli' I'' ,c'4vo lt> tbe allseed I"'', the ho.l L-L utr.t„4 sxrv »' . sruellv and : towards a fcnule 'T'-pcrstue'" w»thrriwated arts uf V-L-g t».f 4, '. ; ,v;-' a» the matter in- i!.,U I";,;'', r" detisiuii ot the s='. the whjr «o Hi. "tr. ''thin-. fu.,i "Lvr will be made public , -"douLb 'ir'l3V'r'!V',,J,r c""»«te..l iw tT Kitty. u«M%oura!-h tr» _,F!f'I\T: f,cTt and I'.vTr.r.XAt, Arrr.r- TtOS.— b cstcnlny a father and son appeared on the floor of the I'olicc Court, thr "one as complainant, and tho other as defendant mutually charging each other with assault. John Conncll the son acted the part of complmnnnt, nnd charged his father Daniel Gunncll with assaulting him on- the 21th instant, with a part of a chair. Tho fnther seemed to feel tho position in which his son had placed him, and this certainly is Die first time that we have seen any man in Uiis part of tlie world nt- tompt to prosecute him who was 'the author of his being. The information' as sworn to by lus son, hnving been read over the defendant was called on to reply, and haying begged their worships to nllow him to tell his own story in his own style t the permission was granted, and .ho forthwith informed tho Bench, that on the dav in question lie purchased n horse from ' Mr. itiehardson, for £22 1 the' bargain having been stroek, it was ngrggd that halfn gallon of nlo should be imbiocd in wishing every success to Die purchaso or the horse, not liking to take his " tols" without Die company of his " better half" she as- Dion immediately sent for, and things went on as smoothly nnd as plea santly as possible until some observa tion was made againyt Die horse by Mrs. .i illf, «. 'Pdignatlon being roused he desirtd to go home and " wash her . At' H'fught that particular part of her required nidation, yet it was a metaphorical observation ofhis in reference to the foulness of tho ladies tongue, she then rushed out to her son, tho complainant singing out blue murder all Die way she went, and on lus return home, alDiough he wnnted to be ns amiable as possible, the son would kick up a row, and catching up nn nxo he made a blow at his lather, ho ilesir- ed him to laj down the axe which he had refused to do, and to protect himself lie flung a nart of an old chair at him, the mo- Jhcr anil son then boDt sol at him and gave htm a thrashing, hut wishing to get out of the senrpo themselves the young man had conic into Town and laid his inRirmation to hind him over to keep the pence. Tlie trench dismissed the complaint intimating that Die I olice-oflico was not cxactlr Die place lo settle family disputes, . rv3Kts from London.— Wo have Wn informed lhat the 11 Tord IfungerfortP Qtteen n and --frnS, M_ advertined nx Um on at Iondon for thU port, has been change! and tlmt tho i Pa rid Matcrimf i to replace U;c 1at mentioned vessel tn her intended voyage to this colony. Afstium.v.v Ltrr. /Vwt:n.\Ncr. and Annihtv Company. — In consequence of the decease of Dr. Hnlnon, 1J. J. Thomas, Esqmre, surgeon has been appointed medi cal referee, to the above Company. A nrAr.0T.TC.tI. Tnicc.— ' VTilliam M'Catg was placed at thrf bar of Die I'olico Oflicc, yesterday, charged with breaking tho win dow, and maliciously damaging tho pro- pfriy f a man named Cuncinghamc, rcanling in Swinston-strect. A night con stable called here,— deposed that between 12 and 1 o'clock on the previous night, ho heard some windows smashed, and almost immediately afterwards he saw the prisoner roaring towards Collins-street, along Swanston-strcet, from the direction of C'uu- ninghame's place; bo Moppcrl him and charged him with having done some damage — he denied It, but Cuoninghamo afterwards gave him into bis custody. William Cunninghan — I am a tinman nnd reido in Collins-street ; between twelve and one o'clock on the previous evening I r» awoke by a stone coming through the window, carrying with it a great portion of the window frame; I jumped out of lied and on looking out saw the prisoner, who was in the company of three other men. ta the act of picking up a stone lo throw iuto the house. Witness sang out " stop thief," upon which the prisoner and one man mado toward Collins-street, and the two others toward Hourkc-street.- The prisoner was afterward brought to witness by the natch- 1 man. who took him into custody and lodged 1 him in tho wa'chhouse. Tho damage lie had sustained exceeded thirty shillings. The prisoner net being ahlo to give a good account of his general proceedings, was s entrnced to nay a fine of thirty shillings, and in default to he imprisoned for the ! period of one Calendar manDi. j Tile I)oo Npikascv..— We again rait the! attenDon of the constabulary to the preva- ! leney of ibis nuisance. In not one case out I of one hundred aro the regalxtions of the Act complied with. Wc trust the Chief) Constable will give some of his subordinates j a hint lo take out a slaughtering license. j 