ORDINATION SERVICES AT THE CATHE DRAL CHURCH OF TRINITY. On Monday last, preparatory to the Ordination which was held on Thursday, June 29th, by the Lord Bishop of Ade'aide, in Trinity Church, the archdeacon the Rev. M. B. Hale, commenced the examination of the Candi dates, Messrs. John Pulford, of Watergate Mount Barker and Edmund King Miller, of Pulteney-street School, for the order of Deacons, and the Rev. William Henry Coombs, Curate of Gawler Town, for that of Priesthood. After the Morning Prayer, at 10 o'clock, both on Monday and Thursday, the Candidates were employed in writing answers to questions from the Old and New Testament, Ecclesiastical History, and the Thirty-nine Articles. A test was also pointed out on which thev were to compose a sermon. On Wednesday the Bishop, in presence of the Archdeacon, examined them seve rally in the Greek and Latin Testament, the Epistles of St. Paul especially; after which, service was held in Trinity Chiu-ch, at three o'clock, when the following charge was delivered:— The choice of" fit persons to serve in the.sacred ministry of the Church" is perhaps the most important function of the bishops and pastors of the flock of Christ. To commit the care of souls, the administration of the Sacraments, the service of Divine worship, and the preach ing pf the Word of God to unfaithful, ill- instructed, or worldly men, is to dishonour God; to trample under foot His Son; to make worse havoc of the Church than aaul, pe rilling immortal souls, aud setting up the ruler of the dark ness of this world on the ruins of the kingdom of Christ. If ever then we have need to pray,and ask the prayers of others, it is on these occasions, when we admit to any holy func tion, those who offer themselves for the ministry. Accord ingly, our Church, following her scriptural method, has directed public prayer to be offered in the congregation at those seasons when Holy Orders are conferred ; knowing well huw the whole body of the Church must either gain or suffer loss, by the admission of men oi God on the one hand, or of such as have not the Spirit of Christ on the other, to the ministry of the Word and Sacraments. Such, too, was the custom of the Apostolic Churches. Both at Jerusalem aud Autioch prayer was offered with fasting before the im position of hands on the seven Deacons, and the separation of Paul and Barnabas for missionary labour among the heathens of Asia. If it was needful thus to seek the guidance of the Holy Ghost in those days, when the " discerning of Spirits" was specially given to the Church, how much more needful must it be for us, to beseech Him, who knoweth the hearts of all, to raise up faithful men, to preach to a heathen world " the unsearchable riches of Christ." kven in the Apostolic Churches tares were mingled with the wheat, liven in that church, which at. Paul himself planted at Ephesus—over which he placed his own son in the faith, the beloved Timulhy, there rose up men speaking perverse things, to draw away the brethren after them. Even white the beloved disciple was yet spared to witness to the truth, the spirit of Antichrist in Cerinthus denied Jesus as the Son of the living God. rrora 6U'h terveriion, however, our (Jburch has endea voured carefully to guard; accordingly, while in the preface ! to her Ordinal she asserts from " holy Scripture and the ' ancient authors, that there have ever been three orders' of j ministers in Christ's Church; to the iutent that the same may be continued, as well as reverently used and estee i.ed He bath ordered that no mau shall be suffered to execute any of the said functions, except be he called, tried, and examined befoie be be admitted tberetu." Satisfied, beloved brethren, concerning you, who have now offered yourselves (or ordination, that you are '* men of vir tuous conversation aod sufficiently learned and instructed in Holy Sciipture," I desire nevertheless to set before you, by way of remembrance, some principles, to which as ministers of Christ, called according to the order of the Church of England, your attention should he especially directed. The questions to be addressed to you to-morrow, in the face of the congregation, embrace those principles The first is, i " Do you trust you are inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost ; to take upon you i his office ?" It is a solemn question. and to i be answered solemnly. To grieve the Holy Spuit, much more j to " lie unto Him" may provoke God to take from us alto- j gether "thecomiort of His help," and to give over to a j reprobate mind. Twelve apostles were called, btic " one of them was a devil." For the satisfaction, then, of your consciences herein, as well as of the congregation of Christ's people, let me remark that every good and every perfect gift cometh down from the Father of Lights; and that no man can say that Jesus is the Christ but by the Holy Ghost. From him also proceed " all holy desires, all good counsels, and all just works," and the Apostle has assured us " that if any man desire llieoffice of a bishop (ihat i--, an overseer of one single congregation, or of many united together in a Diocesan Church) he de sircth a good work " ('fim.iu. I.) You, brethren, have that desire; we confidently trust, then, that it is H e who hath put it in<o your hearts, and that He will bring the same to good effect. But since onr motives, even when we would do good, are often mixed, let us proceed under the light of Scripture and the guidance of the Spirit to sift the views which sometimes have influenced men to seek the office of priesthood. "Feed the flock (says St. Peter j which is among you (1 Pet. v. 2), taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly ; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind; neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being cnsamples to the flock." Of you, then, brethren, I believe it may be confidently affirmed that none of these motives, the influence of constraint, the desire of gain, or the love of power, have swayed you in your choice of this calling. You have offered yourselves freely for the work, and, like your heavenly .Master, you will be as those that serve ; you will be " poor, though making many richyou will be as "having nothing, and yet possessing all things." At ie=st you have been spared the spiritual temptation "of thinking gain to be godliness," and if hy the power of the Holy Ghost you have taken up the cioss to bear it after Jesus; if having put your hand to the pleugb you are re solved uot to look back; tut while the dead bury their dead,1 vVill go and preach the gospel—-'in the world indeed you may have tribulation, but be of good cheer, your Master haih overcome the world " Be assured of this, that if you are made instrumental in leading sinners to repentance, while there is joy in Heaven before the angels of God, He in Whose hand are all hearts will not suffer you to want, or hinder bis own work for the lack of means. His promise is sure, "seek ye first the Kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things shall he added unto you." The absence however of false motives or the presence of a good desire hardly come up to that devotedness of heart, that determination of the will, and the affections to the cause of God, which is implied in being "inwardly, moved by the Holv Ghost" to take upon you this office. If the view of a world lying in darkness, and the certain perdition of ungodly men presses you in spirit to testify of their evil deeds; and call sinners to lepentunce and forgiveness through the blood of Jesus, then may you trusc that the spiiit of God has moved you to undertake this ministry, and will make you able evangelists of the Covenant of Grace. It will then be your joy and crown to set forth "Christ crucified," "as the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth;" the fulness and fieenesR of God's mercy to them that repent; and the power of Divine grace to regenerate the heart: of man, and sanctify it for the presence of £.lmighty God : " Yon will count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus our Lord." Satisfied upon this fundamental point, you are next to ex prt-ss your conviction of the lawfulness and validity of your Ofdination. We have seen recent and lamentable instances of apostasy in some ministers 01 our Church, whose views have been perverted by the sophistry of cunning men lying in wait to deceive. Well therefore and wisely are you called upon to say, in the face of the congregation, " Whether you are persuaded that you are iruly called according to the will of our Lord Jesus Ch>ist, (as well as inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost) to the ministry of the Church?" In other words have tlie Bishops and Pastors of our Chuich autho rity " to call and send ministers into the Lord's vinevaid ?" For we affirm that " it is not lawful for any man to takeupon himself the office of public preaching, or ministering the sacraments in the rongiegation, before he he lawfully called, and sent to execute the same." ( Atticle xxiii.) In this matter, viz., the validity of its orders, our Reformed Church stands l-i a peculiar position. No innovation was made at the Reformation upon the Apostolic orders of Bishop, Priest, and Deacon, alihough the supremacy of the Bishop of Rome was denied and cast off In ceasing to be Roman, otn Church became, as it hart been of old, truly Catholic. The stream ot living water ami Apostolic discipline rendered turbid by human inventions and unscriptural dogmas again rati pure and limpid. "The faith once for all delivered to the Stints" was vindicated from error, and the authority to "ordain and to rebuke" committed hy the Apostles to chosen men as their successors, was Providenrially trans mitted unimpaired by the. Bishops the Fathers of our Re formation, to succeeding generations. The continuity of Episcopal authoiiry in our Church "to call and send ministers into the Lord s vineyard" remained unbroken from the Apostolic age, and whilfe her doctrine is scriptural we also enjoy that discipline which for 150tk yeais after Christ was universally received in all the churches of the world. What stronger guarantee then do you need that you' are " lawfully called" to the preaching of the 'Word and the ministry of the sacraments? Originally indepen dent ot the See of Rome, our national Church resumed that independency, when subjection was no longer compatible with Gospel Truth, or faithfulness to its high calling. The same pastoral authority hy which Titus and Timothy or dained " Elders" and deacons in the Churches of Crete and Epbesus calls you to the like holy functions. Let no one then beguile you ot >our rewaid, but take heed to the ministry which ye are about to receive in the Lord that ye fulfill it. " fu so doing ye shall both pave yourselves and them that hear you." Another point on which our Church requires the avowal of your belief is the Canon of Scripture.- In common with other reformed communions and the ancient Fathers, we arc here diametrically and irreconcileably opposed to the gieat Roman schism. We acknowledge " the Law, the Psalms, and the Prophets" as quoted by our Lord and re ceived by the Jews. We receive those books of the New Testament " ot which there was never any doubt in the Church." Both together we hold to be exclusively the in spired word of God. In them only do we seek our faith; from them uiiiy do we propound what is necessary to salvation; che creeds of the Church themselves resting upon Lh;s in destructible foundation. With " (his sword of the Spiiit" alone, " which is the word of God," we would overcome the enemies of Christ; and.while those kingdoms of the earth which rest upon a pretended living, human, infallible tradi tion, uie a prey to infidelity, anarchy, or civil commotion, our Ziou stands firm on the Rock vf Ages, Jesus Christ," the j same to-day, yesterday, and for ever," the son of the living . God; net any particular stone, foundation or other of the spi ritual building, be be apostle or prophet, much less one exist ing uninspired pastor; pretending to a jurisdiction neither ex ercised nor claimed by the Apostle of the Circumcision whom - he Church commemorates ori this' Ere. If these are your sentiments, us they are the sentiments of our Church, you will doubtless diligently read the same Scriptures unto the people, and instiucl tbein out of them ; being ready on the one hand to trameyour own selves and families according to the doctrine of Christ, that you may be wholesome exam ples to the flock; and on the other to banish and drive away all erroneous doctrines contrary to God's word, within your cures, as " need shall require and occasion shall he given." The deeper indeed we drink of the living waters at the fountain, head, the more shall we be convinced of the Divine Spirit from which they flow ; and perceive their wonderful adaptation to the varied wants of the soul of man—depraved and fallen, and seeking rest, and finding none, in the barren and dry land of this world, " where no water is." And if rhe same spirit which gave them shull be with your spirit while you read the faithful histories of this blessed book, or ponder the examples of patriarchs, the revelations of the prophets, the sweet music of the psalms, and the instruction of wise proverbs, you will never want wisdom to convince the gaiusayers. to teach the ignorant, cortect the erring, comfort the downcast, strengthen the weak, and " be all thines to all men that you may 6ave some." Ftin hermorc, our Church not only requires in her minis ters that wisdom from above, which, is pure, but also that it should be " peaceable." I can conceive no more painful sight to the holy Angels, who, on the biith of the Redeemer, gave glory to God, and sang of peace and goodwill upon earth, than the spirit of contention and standing apart which lias rent the one holy Catholic Church into fragments, with out cohesion; to the destruction of order, as well as disunion of spirit, and the contempt of unbelieving men. Against such a temper of mind the Church requires you constantly to set your face " Will you," she asks, " maintain and set for ward as much as in you lieth qu'etness, peace, and love among all Christian people, and especially among them that are or shall be committed to your charge ?" It was the i prayer of our Lord, the night before he was crucified, that his disciples might be one in himself and in the Father, as an evidence to the world of his mission from God ! How has that evidence been marred by the frivolous divisions which have separated the Christian brotherhood ! How does the same unruly spirit disturb and break up, from time to time, particular congregations, and sow dissensions among those who aforetime walked in the house of God as friends! To this frame of mind the whole teaching and spirit of the Church is opposed. Baptized by one spirit into one body of Christ, and ail made to drink of the same spirit, we may not separate the members of ihat body. We must seek its i peace, and ensue it. We must "pray for the peace of Je rusalem, for they shall prosper that love" her. While in the great house of l'aiih there be vessels to dishonour, as well as honour, and we purge ourselves from the former, that we may be numbered with the vessels made 10 honour, en lightened Churchmen will never dream of departing out of that great house, or shutting themselves off from the sym pathy and prayers of the Universal Church! And though offences do abouud,for they must needs come, and the love of many waxelh cold," yet even in unfaithful ministers it must be remembered that the efficacy of the sacraments de pends not on them, but on the promise of Christ. The obli gation to unity remains in spite of the offence so justly given. Yet even here our Church has provided a safeguard in the promise of obedience to your Ordinary which is exacted lrom you, and other chief ministers unto whom is committed the charge and government over you. If, with a glad mind and will, you are ready to' hearken to their' godly admoni tions, and submit yourselves to their godly judgments, " righteousness- and peace shall kiss each other within the borders of our Zion, and truth shall flourish out of the earth." In this portion of the Lord's vineyard, the Church of the Redeemer is left to its own divinely-appointed discipline. Between you and your Ordinary no other law intervenes but the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus. And while you hold faith and a good conscience, from which some having swerved have mads shipwreck even of faith, I shall joy, behuldiug your order, seeing your churches edified, and, walking in the fear of the Lord and in the cotnlort of the Holy Ghost, multiplied throughout the province A glo rious work is set before us : a life, indeed, not of ease, nor even of competence, much less of indulgence, but of " hard ness to be endured." Nothing but the spirit of God can fit us lor it, the love of Christ our motive, the favour of God our reward. . Study, then, to show yourselves approved, workmen that need not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth. Keep that which is committee to your trust, the form of sound words, with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus; swerve not from apostolic discipline to the right hand or to the left. Avoid also vain babblings which gender strifes: exercise yourselves rather unto godliness, that your profiting may appear to all; and when the Chief Shep herd shall appear, then shall every one who has been a good and faithful servant have praise of God, and receive the " crown of glory that fadelh not away." On Thursday, at eleven o'clock, the ordination cere mony took place; after which his Lordship delivered a powerful and impressive discourse lrom Fphesians iii. 8, which by particular desire, the Bishop has consented to publish 