TRAITS OF NORTH AMERICAN SAVAGE LIFE. Many many summers ago, a large body of Assiniboioes, pouncing on a small band of Crees, in the neighbourhood of this knoll, nearly destroyed them all. Among the victors was the former wife of oue of the vanquished, who, in a previous foray, had been carried off by her present husband from her ancient lord and master. Whether it was that her new friend was younger than her old one, or that she was concious of having been a willing accomplice in the elopement, the lady, rushing into the thickest of the fight, ditected every effort against the life of Iter fi:st husband. In spite, however, of the faithless amazon's special attentions, the Wolverine, for such was his name, effected his escape from'the fitld o) carhage, while the conquerors were gloating over the scalps of the brethren in aims. Creeping stealthily along the whole day, under cover of the woods, he concealed himself at nightfall in a hole on the top of the rising ground in question. But, though he had thus eluded the vigilance ot his national enemies, there was one who, tinder the influence ol peisonal hatred, had never lost sight or scent of his trail; and no sooner had he sunk, exhausted by hunger and fatigue, into a sound sleep, than the unswerving and untiring bloodhound sent an arrow into his brain, with a triumphant yell. Befoie the morning dawned the virago proudly presented to her Assiniboine husband the bleeding scalp of his unfortunate rival; and the scene of her desperate exploit was thenceforward known as the Butte a Carcajar, or the Wolverine Knoll. In proof of the truth of the story the Indians BBsert that the ghost of the murderesB and her victim are olten to be seen, from a considerable distance, struggling together on the very summit of the height. About twenty years ago a large encampment of Gros Venlreess and Blackfeet had been formed in this neighbourhood for the purpose of hunting during the summer. Growing tired, however, of so peaceable and ignoble an occupation, the young warriors of the allied tiibes determined to make an incursion into the territoi ies of the Assiniboines. Having gone through all the requite enchantments, they left behind them only the old men, with the women and children. After a successful campaign they turned their steps homeward in triumph, loaded with scalps and other spoils; and on reaching the top of the ridge that overlooked the camp of the infirm and defenceless of their band,they notified their approach in the proudlyswelling tones of their song of victory. Every lodge, however, was as still and silent as the grave; and at length, singing more loudly, as they advanced, in order to conceal their emotions,they found the full tale ol the mangled coipses of their parents and sisters, of their wives and children. In a word, the Assiniboines had breu there to lake their revenge. Such is true picture of savage warfare, and perhaps too often of civilized warfare also, calamity lo both sides, and advantage to neither, Oil beholding the dismal scene, the bereaved conquerors cast away their spoils, arms, and clothes ; and then, putting on robes of leather and smeaiing their heads with mud, they betook themselves lo the hills for three days and nights, to howl, and mourn,and cut their flesh. This mode of expressing grief bears a very close resemblance to Ibe corresponding custom among the Jews in almost every particular.—Simpson's Narrative of a Journey Round the World. 