THE SYDNEY CHRONICLE. SATURDAY, MARCH 18, 1848. MAGNA EBT VBRITAB BT PRBVALBEIT., BAPTISM AND RE-BAPTISM. IN our number of Saturday last, we had` occasion to offer*a few strictures upon a letter which appeared in the Herald of the preceding Thursday, to which the signature of " Pro Rege, Lege, Grege!' was attached. The writer of that letter, in the Herald of Wednesday last, has Attempted a reply to our. remarks; and weo must, therefore, be courteous enough to take a little further notice of him. The principal point, upon which "Pro Rege,o &c.;, dwells, in his last letter, is' what he calls the "re- baptism" of Mr. Makinson by the Church of Rome. On this point he speaks so confidently, that we presume he was present on the occasion, and knows all about the circumstances; and yet, notwithstanding this assumed know ledge on the part of the writer, he asks us to inform him whether Mr. Alakinson having, as he says, been previously bap tised-was again baptised when he entered the Catholic Church. He says, "It'will be easy for the Chronicle to satisfy him and 'others-on this point." If Mr. Makiuson wasbaptised whilst in the Protestant Church, we have no hesitation in stating thathe has not been " re-baptised by the Church of Rome," because such a procedure woultdbe contrary to the regulations of the Church. . Mr. Makinson may have been condi dlitionally baptised; but conditional baptism is a very different thing' from re-baptism, as " Pro Rege, Lege, Grege" seems to know perfectly well, from the tenour of his remarks in -both his letters; and from the fact of his appearing to know the distinc tion, but not acknowledging it, we charged him with misrepresentation. "We may, -however, be' wrong, jpeihaps he is not aware of the difference; if so, we willrendeavoiur to enlighten him. It is the doctrine of the Church of England,' as well as of the Ca tholie Church,,that " none' can enter into the kingdom of God except he be regenate; and' born anew of water and' the [-loly Ghost;" both Churches also teach that; for baptism to .be valid, the perion:must be baptised in the name of the Blessed Trinity, the words~ordained to be,used being spoken at the time the' wvater is, pouied upon the. baptised person,':anid they both also teach` that baptism is 'a sacrament which 'caniot be reiterated. The. Catholic Church has always been careful to impress upon her ininisters the necessity of hdministering the sacriament of baptism with the greatest carefulness ; but the laxity which has prevailed, and still prevails,, amongst , the ministers of. the Church of England, many of whom do not really believe in the- necessity of bap,tism, renders it a matter of considerable doubt whether many members of that Church have, in fact, been baptised or not. 'On the other hand, there are many sects which openly repudiate baptism, and others which administer it in so imp\erfeet a manner as to make it no baptism at all. For instance, the Unitarians, although'they practice infant baptism, do not baptise in the name of the Holy Trinity; but simply in the name of Jesus Christ, consequently their baptism is null; it is, as far as the efficacy of the sacrament is concerned, no sacrament at all. Now, as the-Catholic Church is con stantly regaining the lost children who have been wandering from the true fold amoingst these various sects, and is it is utterly, im piossible to discriminate who amongst them have been baptised, and' who have not, she has wisely ordained that all such shall, on their admission to Ai participation in her communion, be conditionally baptised, officiating clergyman using the words, "if thlo hast not been already baptised,"I bap tise thee." This being the form, and it is clear that if amongst the converts there should be one who has been really baptised, he is not re-baptised, becaese' the adminis tration of the sacrament depends upon the fact of his riot b~iving been baptised pre viously.- This being the case, all the argu ments and assertions of " Pro Rege, Lege, Grege" fall to the ground, it is erroneous to assume that the Catholic Church authorises or practises "re-baptisation." - "But," says "ProRege," "if therebeany error in assuming the re-baptisation of an adult, who joins the Church of Rome, to be contrary to the ancient custom of the Church 'of Rome, the error arises in uthat Church herself; for my" knowledge or 'igjnorance' is derived from the authorised treatises of Romish writers, who declare, that a man being born of Christian parents, and having been brought up amongst Christians, is so strong a presumption that he has been baptised, that he ought not to be re-baptised, even under condition, unless there are proofs from other circumstances that he has not received the sacrament." Doubtless in :" ancient" times, when all Christians believed in the efficacy of bap tism, this argument held good; but in these very enlightened days, when many sects openly repudiate - baptism - when many ministers of the Church of England perform it in so negligent and slovenly'a manner that it is difficult to say whether tie person has been baptised or not --when the law of Enigland has provided for the registration of births, without the necessitjr of the childrein being brought tothe qhurch.to be baptised-the case is altogether different; and, though the argument is as good as ever, circumstances have arisen which render it inapplicable. 'And the same re mark applies to the decree of the Council of Trent, as quoted by this writer. The Holy Fatliers of fliat Council clearly point out, in 'this very extract, what it is that is necessary to render the baptism.valid; and the 'Augustinian canon, which "iextends this case to baptism by infidels and pagans, not themselves baptiscd," does not teach that haptism, administered by such persons, 'would be really and truly baptism, unless thlie proper form be observed, and the inten' tion to baptise exists. In conclusion, we have only to say that, in all we have' written or may be called upon to write, we have not iattempted, nor shall we "attempt to indluce Protestants to believe that she (the Catholic Church)is changed from' what she: ever was." The Catholic Church' we believe to be one and the same in all ages, and in all nations: she cannot "cease toclaim infallibility and uij changeableness." If we could bring our minds to believe that her faith would change from what it ever has been, and ever will be, we would abandon her to-morrow. " Pro iege, LIege, Grege," may therefore be free from all apprehension on the ground that we shall place our Church before the eyes of Protestants in false colouirs. We leave that task to those who are better skilled in the arts of dissimulation and mis representation than we are; to those who, from the time when they first broke tIhe bond of unity-to the present moment, have ceased not to caluinniate and persecute the church they have left. And woe again ex hort all those whlo are really desirous of knowing the truth to " read what Catholicsi have to say for themselves," and not to be led away by thie misrcprescntations and calumnics o1' theii cr enemies. 