.itfvtttíilj Servants. How to Frighten Ferocious Animals.- "They tell me," said Stephen, "if you stoop I down, put your head between your knees, and look backwards to a wolf, or a bear, or a Must, or what not, nothing in the world dare face it. It will scare the devil will a man's face upside down. Particularly if you can go like a horn for music is what they can't stand any how! See, this is the way," and he suited the action to the word, put himself in the extraordinary attitude, and made a capital imitation of the sound of a conch shell, as blown at all the farm-houses in the country to call the people who are in the fields home to their dinner. The third re- hearsal was followed by just such a yell as he describes himself to have uttered when the ghost seized him by the neck, so loud, so clear, and so appalling, that it was evident it was not designed as an imitation, but as a manifestation of fear or of pain. In a moment we were all upon our feet, and really the sight was a most alarming one. A little bull terrier of (dd Neal's, that lay under the table, seeing this extraordinary being intruding upon his domain and defying him to combat, accepted the challenge, and seized him by the nose, and it was not without great difficulty he was choked off and expelled from the room. Stephen was badly cut, but not dangerously, and he bore it like a man. After order was a little restored, Miss Lucy said, " Now, Mr. Richardson, you have obtained your wish. You have got the mark of truth stamped upon you a second time. Your veracity is engraved on both sides. Suppose the gentleman tells as the story of the wolves?" " Oh! them cursed bulldogs!'' said Stephen, whose voice was nearly stifled by a wet cloth held to his nose ; " those bull- dogs are an exception to all rules. They ain't afraid of man or devil ; but I'll bet my life on that trick if it was tried on a wolf." Life in a Colony, by Sam Slick. The Late Captain Stirling, of the "Times." Captain Stirling, late one of the leader-writers of the Times newspaper, died at an advanced age, at his residence at Knightsbridge. This gentleman's leaders obtained for the Times the name of the " Thunderer." They were full of vigour, and always to the point. The late Daniel O'Connell was his principal target, and the arrow of Mr. Stirling never missed the bull's eye. The mortality of the Times office, in a very short space of time, is worthy of notice. It has of late years lost by death Mr. Thomas Barnes, the principal editor, whose talents as a writer were well known ; Mr. Bacon, the sub-editor, a very clever writer; Mr. Alsager, whose city article was so much admired and sought for; the next was the great pillar of the establishment, Mr. John Walter, whose biography appeared in the Times a short time since. His most intimate friend and companion in sickness, Captain Stirling, did not survive him above a month. Medical Speculations. A French surgeon states that by fitting bedsteads with glass feet, and isolating them about eighteen inches from the wall of the apartment, he has cured the patients sleeping on them of a many nervous affections. Suspicions are beginning to arise, too, that our well-being may be affected by sleeping parallel to, or at right angles with, the line of the terrestial magnetic current. 