L O C A L . DOMESTIC MEOICINE —it is important to'lr ^ valids 10 know that castor oil may be mor* easily taken mingled with orange juice—a little sugar being added to (he juice, if the orange be not ripe and aweet.—Pictorial Times. Wnnwa UPON NEWSIMPEBS.—An opinion has gone abroad ibat, by a recent act of Parhament, marks or nsmes may he written on newspspers without subjecting them to postage — Tbia, however, is a mistake, the old law in this respect is still in force, and no msrk or writing of any kind is allowed either upon tbe paper or cover, except the name and address of tbe nartv to whom it is sent.—Ibid. ' MIDUND Aon-cuiTunAi. ASSOCIATE The annual meeting of this association will take place on the Mil. Circulars hsve been issued by the Secretary, and B full attendance is reques- THE NEW LIGUIHOUSE.—It is expected that tbe Lighthouse on Kent's Group will be in full operation by Ibe latter end of the month. B«ZAAR.—lhe Bazasrin aid of the cbsritable funds of tbe Roman Catholic Church will ha held on the 4th and Sth at tbe Council room. There are unfortunately very many members of this church who are really objects of charity, and who aie dependant in a great measure on the assistance of others. The indefstigable exertions of their clergy are well known but spite of all that tbey could do, the claims upon them have rendered it necessary to appeal lo the benevolent feelings of e chriatisn public, to sssisl their suffering brethren. A misrhio.ous report respecting some attributed excluaiveneSB bad beon reported, for contradiction of which we refer 10 a letter appearing in our advertising columns. * TAEUAMAN Tvnr Cmn.—Ourreade s will we trust lake notice that the first annual meeting takes plsce on Wednesday next, previous to which the members are expected to pay their subscriptions. It is to be hoped that the attendance will be a full one. THE MAHEETS—There waa a very fair show of vegetables and fruit in the market on Saturday morning, but the late dry weather has had a very injurious effect upon all kinda of garden produce. Potatoes rose Is per cwt in conaequence. One singular feature in tho market was, that there was not B pair of fowls lobe bought. This has not been the case for some time, Tbe attendance was very good. STEMOOHAPnY —Mr Kitchen has announced bis intention nf giving two lectures on this useful art on Friday evening. We would re- commend young men to embrace this opportunity nf acquiring the rudiments of the Bcience, ss Mr Kitchen will illustrate bis lecture by disgiams, SACRILEGE—Doting divine service on Sunday morning at St Georee'a Church, some wretches obtained an entrance into a little weather boarded builjing at lhe back of tbe church and stole two napkins which covered the consecrated bread and wine, and we believe the wine and bread. This is the second time this church has been robbed within the last mouth. Constabla Had ley having received information of the robbery, succeeded in apprehending a man named William btevens snd a womsn named JeBBy Fraxer on suspicion. The woman hsd offered a corkscrew for sale which wss identified as one that had, been left in tbe building on Sunday morning. Tbey were brought up yesterday and remanded at tbe request of Hadley who is in h pes lo bring the first robbery home to tbe aame parlies. DrsoHACEruL CoNnucr.—A mBn named Thomas Horne, a splitter, residing near Three Hut Point, was charged with felony yesterday under the following circumstances—" Home having occasion to remove to Poppermint Bay, sent two passholders who were living with hia 10 lbs Lvmington Station, not wishing to keep them longer. As soon ss the men reached the elation one of them gave information that Horne had a quantity of government ttuAm in hia poaa«aaioil. A constable named Carr immediately went to where Horne'a host was lying, took bim into custody and seized his tools, without making tbe slightest enquiry as to whether any bad been missed from tbe station or not. This WBB on Saturday, and Horne was brought up to town and charged with stealing government tools. As soon as Mr. Wilmot heard the case be immediately discharged the man wiihomt calling on him for bis defence, and severely reprimanded the constable. Tbe men had been working wiih the tools for two months, jjng tba time not a woid was said about tbe!m~tug government properly. Now where, X 1 such oiroumatances as tbeBe, is this puff liifln lo look for redress 1 If the government were an honest one il would compeuBate bim for the act of its servants, and even tbst would be at the expence of tbe colony. But this iB among others one of the blessings of convicttBm. THE THEATRE — Mrs. Young's benefit from some unavoidable cause, is postponed unlil tomorrow evening, when we trust so deserving sn actress will receive a substantial zc.uk of the public favor in an overflowing bouse. BUSHRANGERS.—Two MEN SHOT.—Seven men made their escape from tbe South Port Slatio' on the Slat December. A few days ago, 1*0 conatables, accompanied by two aswyerrl ^ in with them, when the bushranger' res 010 '?* A fight took place, and in the i»le« wo of the buahrangera were killed—on>-' ,el 'w*' lot, ' lroll K" the bead. We have not-»<"> • 1,le 10 '" r n lb » full particulars. FROM THE -UONCESTON EXAMINES." COURAOEOP C ' aK0UCT *—^ pasaholder, named Jeffs in >" eer vio* 0* Mr Smith, clerk at tbe Buperter dDt ' B office, caved tbe life of hiB emnloyf-' * on > a about thirteen years of age, 'resolute and courageous act, which entitles ifii to prsise and reward. The youth whilst ashing near Hubbler's Bridge, overbalanced imself and fell into lbs river; tbe curnnt wss unning rapidly, and the boy wamrrjjd stray Jefli, who U so excellent swimmer, plugged into ibfltraler, »nd IVOQ-lueeeed^d In reaching yonng §milb,Wbo graaped bim ID TOCL^ manner tbat both were rendered belpleM, *nd were bora »\6ng by Ibe stream. Fortunately, the? came io contaot «ritfa tbe stomp of a tree, end Jefii having succeeded io retailing (be l>oj*« bold, touV bim:bj ibe hair of Ibe bead, end keeping bim at erms length, managed io resell tbe ebore iti safety, af ere hard stroggle, CUUIBTUA* — It bat been remarked tbat the streets of Lannceston hare, daring, tbe fast few days, presented scenes of riotingi dronVennets* obaoenity, unparalleled, Oar looel columns farnisb painful evidence of tfee fact. We do cot remember ever baring, bad Io record so many sodden deaths, case allies, and offences in so short time. And this tbe " merry season " of Christmas ! Ob, ghost of Mariey! oh,shadoof departed Scroogel ob, gods of Christmas past end Christmas present! where was thy correcting influence ; where tby humanising spirit tbat would teach all mankind to join with Tiny Tim in tbe little heartfelt prayer, " God bleas oe everyone?" ROBBED* and VtOLEMCE.—On Saturday night, as Mr. Mariner was proceeding down Frankland- street, towards home, be saw four men and a woman in company. The woman sepcrated from the men, one of whom walked passed Mr. ftfaiintr, end shortly returned and struck him a severe blow on tbe head with si stick. Tbe scoundrel followed up the blows until Mr. Bfsriner fell to the ground ; tbe olber three joined then end kicked bim severely on the body; wben nearly insensible tbey rifled his pockets of ebont eighteen shillings. Re begged hard to be spared this cruel treatment, offering tbe ruffians bis money and bis clotbes if they would desist. At last, after they bad got tbe money, one of the fellows said to bis companion, ' We bad better leave bim, or you may tske bia ife, end we haven't got mncb." Tbey then went sway, leaving tbeir victim half dead in tbe street, where he was found «B<! assisted home. He is still confined to bis residence. UNPROVOKED ASSAULT BY SOME SOLDIERS.' "We are sorry to have to record another outrage by some of the military.—Aa two elderly men were walking in a public street, tbree soldiers went up to them, end without the least provocation, or the exchange of en sngry word, rushed on tbem, end most cruelly assautled tbem. One of tbe poor fellows was knocked down three timea ; the other bad bis leg broken, and is in hospital. Tbe sufferers are wholly unable to account for tbia extraordinary attack, and it is to be regretted tbe perpetrators have escaped apprehension* STREET RODDCRY.—JUr Noble, the paiuter, wsi slopped, knocked down, beaten, end robbed iu Wellington street, it is eupposedby tbe same gang wbo so cruelly assaulted Mr Mariner, After Ibey got bim to tbe {ground tbey kicked him most unmercifully, and robbed him of seventeen chill tugs sod sixpence. After plundering tbe old man tbey left him, and one of tbe villains abtually returned and (gave Jbim two or three kicks es be wes lying on the ground. 