ST. MICHAEL’S CHURCH, MITCHAM. On Saturday last, the foundation-stone of this Church was laid by Lady Young. His Excellency the Governor, his Honor the Judge, the Colonial Secretary, and several other of the Government officials, with their ladies, were present, and the assemblage numbered altogether about one hundred and fifty. His Lordship, the Bishop of Adelaide, read the Service for the occasion, which included several appropriate exhortations, and affecting suppli- cations, for the blessings of the Almighty on the work—undertaken in his name. The deep pathos and solemnity, which characterised the singing of the 117th Psalm, struck our atten- tion as peculiarly affecting. After the first part of the service was finished, William Bartley, Esq., read, and hermetically sealed in a bottle, the following inscription, written on parchment : In of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost : Amen. The Foundation-Stone of this Church, to be dedicated to the worshlp of the Triune Jehovah, in consecration that the Church Established in Great Britain and Ireland to be called “ The Church of SAINT MICHAEL.” was laid by Dame AUGUSTA, wife of SIR HENRY EDWARD FOX YOUNG, Governor of South Australia, on Saturday the Thirtieth day of September, being in the First Year of his administration, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Eight Hundred and Forty-eight, and in the Second Year of the consecration of AUGUSTUS by D[?] the permission first Lord Bishop of Adelaide. The bottle being deposited in the cavity pre- pared for the purpose, several coins were thrown in with it ; and Lady young, obviously impressed with the solemnity of the work in which she was engaged, took the trowel and spread some mortar over the deposited me- morials. After the service was over, his Excel- lency stepped forward on the stone just laid, and stated that he felt unwilling to let the as- sembly part without expressing his sincere pleasure in seeing Lady Young take so active a part in such an undertaking. For his own part, he would not only urge his fellow colonists to encourage such proceedings, but he should be always anxious to lend, individu- ally, every assistance in his power. His Lord- ship made a few brief observations on the singular manner in which the Almighty had blessed the country with plenty. He hoped that their present undertaking would prove a centre of union, and an agreement of associa- tions, that would lead to the realms of eternal bliss. His Lordship concluded with the fol- lowing impressive supplication :—“ May the Lord bless this work, to us and to our chil- dren.” All present, a large number of whom were ladies, seemed highly interested with the ceremony. ORPHAN EMIGRANTS.—Having been applied to for information on the subject of wages, &c.;, to these orphans, we referred to the Secretary, who furnished us with the following particulars, and on whose authority we give them publicity. The wages specified are now permanently established by the Committee, and no farther alterations, it is believed, need be apprehended. Girls, from 14 to 15, to have £5 per annum ; 15 to 16, £6 ; 16 to 17, £7 10s. ; 17 to 18, £9 ; 18 to 19, £10 ; 19 and upwards, special agree- ment. Boys, 14 to 15, £7 per annum ; 15 to 16, £9 ; 16 to 17, £10 ; 17 to 18, £12 ; 18 to 19, £14 ; 19 and upwards, special agreement. It is agreed that boys of the following ages should pay the following such into the Savings’ Bank :—From 15 to 16, £1per annum ; 16 to 17, £2 ; 17 to 18, £3 ; 18 to 19, £4. The following stands upon the books of the Com- mittee, and is deserving of attention.—“ That it is the opinion of the Committee that it would be preferable that the masters should pay the wages to the apprentices in cash, deducting such sums only as may have been paid for medical attendance, and clothes supplied at the request of the apprentice. ST. JOHN’S CHURCH.— The Consecration of this Church took place yesterday. The Right Rev. Dr. Short, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, preached an interesting sermon in the morning from 2 Cor. vi. 16, and the Reverend Arch- deacon Hale, in the afternoon, from Luke xxi., 3, 4. The several ceremonies observed on such occasions were gone through, and the services proved highly interesting. The collections in aid of the expenses incurred amounted to about £34. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Young were present ; but it is to be regretted that the congregation, although highly respect- able, was rather thin, owing to the state of the weather. ──── His Honor gives final judgement to day (Mon- day) in the case of ‘ GOZZARD versus Baker.’ ──── WAGES OF THE “ SEASON” — Sheep shearing, 15s., and rations, per 100 ; sheep washing, 4s. per diem, and rations ; mowing, 4s. 6d to 5s. per acre. THEBARTON BRIDGE.— We are desired to state that the SOUTH AUSTRALIAN was wrong in its estimation of the cost of the new bridge at Hindmarsh ; the cost being £1,200 and not £2,000 as that Journal states. The bridge is per- fectly sound ; the fault that appeared in it merely arising from the shrinkage of the green Colonial timber,—no seasoned timber being procurable ; and even that would not have taken place, but from Captain Frome’s anxiety to have the bridge opened for the use of the public as speedily as possibe. The iron rods originally intended to brace it were purposely omitted until that shrinkage had taken place ; but they have now been applied, in the ordi- nary course of things, and the bridge is in all respects sound and good. ──── MR. MATTHEW MOOREHOUSE delivered an in- teresting Lecture in the Mechanics’ Institute, on Thursday evening last, in Vegetable Phy- siology, as applied to gardening. The attend- ance was good, and the audience seemed highly pleased. It is Mr. Moorehouse’s intention, we believe, to follow up the lecture with one or two others on the same subject. ──── MR. BAYNE, there seems now little doubt, has succeeded in effecting his escape. Sergeant Alford’s pursuit of him has been altogether unsuccessful. The memoranda he left behind him were only in tended to delude and mislead. ──── MR. WILLIAM WALKER, a gentleman recently ar- rived in the colony, and who has served his ar- ticles of clerkship in London, was admitted a Barrister, Solicitor, and Proctor of the Su- preme Court, on Saturday week. ──── We are sorry to record a sad accident, at tributable to the badness of one of our main roads. On Friday last, Stephen King, Esq., of the Gawler River, drove out of town in his tandem, having with him his lady, his two daughters and his son. At the very dangerous ford of the River by Gawler Town, he met se- veral drays, and observing that his horses were likely to be restive, pulled up till they had passed and succeeded in crossing safely ; but the continued noise of the bullock-drivers and the cracking of their whips, startled his leader which ran against the bank and overthrew the vehicle. His second daughter, a child of about nine years old, had her right arm broken above the elbow ; the rest of the party escaped with- out material injury. The little patient was taken to Mr Galton’s Hotel, where she was attended by Doctors Mahony and Morton, who entertain, we understand, no fears for her re- covery. ──── AN inquest was held on Thursday last, before Wm. Wyatt, Esq., Coroner, on the body of Thomas White, water-carrier, who had met his death, near the Ford of the Torrens, by a fall of a portion of the left bank of the River on top of him. Many persons were present at the time ; but, owing to the large mass of earth which fell—about five or six tons,—it was fully twenty minutes before the body was removed, when it was perfectly dead. After hearing the evidence, the Jury without hesitation returned a verdict of “ Accidental death causal by suf- focation.” ──── A JEWISH CONGREGATION has just been con- stituted in Adelaide, of which Mr J. M. Solo- mon is elected President, and Mr Burnett Nathan, Treasurer. The Congregation, about thirty in number, met, on Thursday last, in a room in Tavistock Buildings, which was kindly presented to them for their holiday’s service by Mr. Edward Stephens. Prayers were read by Messrs Nathan, Lazar, and Raphael, and some liberal donations were contributed towards the erection of a projected Synagogue. Thursday was the ‘ New Year’s Day’ of A. M. 5609 ; and the next holiday is Saturday next, which is called the “ White Fast,” or “ Day of Atone- ment.” The Tabernacle Service, in commemo- ration of the Israelites living in booths, in Egypt, follows next, which commences on the 12th inst., and continues throughout the rest of the holidays—which altogether last one month. It is in contemplation to commence the Synagogue without delay ; and the articles necessary for conducting the religious cere- monies have all arrived from Sydney. Those of the Jewish Persuasion in this colony, are not only highly respectable as a body, but are now become numerous ; and there is very little doubt, from their apparent zeal, that the pro- jected Synagogue will be worthy of that veneration in which they hold their ancient faith. ──── MOUNT GAMBIER.—A traveller from Mount Gambier reports the country very much parched up, and the Mail route almost without a blade of “ feed.” Our informant met the prisoner Sturt,—sent to Evelyn Sturt, Esq., of that District, for committal for horse-stealing, with his escort, about half-way. The public- house at the Salt Creek is very much com- plained of for its bad accommodations in every department of its management : it is felt the more, from its isolated position, and the in- passant fatigue and privations that travellers undergo over the long and tedious desert on each side of it, and their consequent greater want of proper refreshments and comfortable accommodations when they arrive there. 