A SERMON. Mark x. 13 — 16 " And tbey brought young children to him, that he should touch them ;and his. disciples rebuked those that brought them. But when Jesus saw it he was much displeased, and said to them, ' Suffer little children to come unto me; and forbid them not ; for of such is the kingdom of God. Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not recieve the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein. And he took them up in his arms, put his hands up on them, and blessed them." The kind feeling which our Saviour entertained towards young children, so remarkably evinced on all occasions whenever tbey fell under his notice during his personal ministry among men, is one of the most beautiful, and to men in general, attractive traits in the character and conduct of one who is said indeed to have done all things well, cor- responding so exactly with the disposition of the Lord God as revealed in the Old Testament, who is said ti.p e " to gather the. Iambs in. his arms and carry th 'in in his bosom.'' So in the charge given tq the apostle Peter, his first taught appears to have been about the young of his fold. John xxi. 85 ) " Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas lovest thou me more than these' He saith unto him, Tea, Lord, thon knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed thy Iambs," Afterwards he eharges|bim to feed his sheep. It is remarkable that it was to the humbled Peter, made sensi- of his weakness and hjs own insufficiency when not supported? by power from on high, and just after he had so lamentably denied tbe Lord that bought biro, and lie was therefore more particularly under the influence of those feelings of love und gratitu !e, which the tenderness of his Saviour towards bis open and notorious, but deeply repented of trans gression, could not but have excited in his bteast; it is, I sav, worthy of observation that it was when feeling his own weakness that our Lord directed him so emphatically to feed the weak and young of his flock ; for although the term may, and probably does, refer to those who are young with regard to their spiritual life, it may bp also applied to those who are young in years as well as their expe rience o the tivine life, that may have been im parted to them ; and so we encourage infants to be thus brought to Jesus that he may bless them, and we exhort that they be brought at the earliest time, for as it does not appear, that there was anything in these young children more than others, but the desire of the parents that he should bless them, so we seek only this desire, and the faith implied .in that desire, and then we feci assured, as be. is the same now as he was then, that he will, however young the children may may be, embrace them with the arms of his mercy, give them the blessing: of eternal life, and make them partakers of his ever lasting kingdom ; and here let me just observe, that there must have been many children among the mul titudes that continually followed our Saviour, be side- those that are here brought under our notice Ouv Lord must often have seen other children as he went about performing his acts of mercy and bene volence, and yet we do not find that he took any of these in his arms and blessed them ; no , it was on ly those that were brought to him, and bping so brought they procured the sought-for boon. But it ia not my intention this rooming to enter into any defence of infant baptism. I shall en deavour rather to set b fore yog what'the doctrine of our Church is with regard to infant baptism ; and I shall examine and endeavour to poin out to you the variance between the doctrine of what is called bapti iq:i1 regeneration, I. Let us inquire what toe benefit is that our Church supposes the child to receive at bap.listn. II. The cause or reason qf this receiving it ; this will lead as to examine, III. The reason why so many that are baptized do not receive any benefit from it all, 1st The benefit.— In the beginning of the Bap tismal ervire the priest you will observe, addresses the congregation, the parents, the godfathers and godmothers, indeed all present, and beseeches them to call upon God to grant the child that thing which by nature he cannot have; which expression ap pears to me to mean, not only that the thing prayed for cannot spring up naturally in the human heart, but also that is something which cannot be procured by the instrumentality of man only ; hs cannot have it by nature, it is not born with hiui, ncr is it communicated by the exertions of others fin his behalf, but that it is the gift of God, that is, that lie may be born of water and the Holy Ghost, and re ceived iato Christ's holy Church, and be made a lively member of the same ; lively member,— that he may posses nut the dead faiib only of which St. James speaks, but a lively, active, busy sjfaith. Again ,-- lii the first prayer that is offered, the con gregation use these words; "We beseech thee, of thine infinite mercies, that thqu wilt mercifully look upon this child, wash hint and sanctify him with the Holy Gh ost." Again; — " Give thy Holy Spirit to this infant, that he may be born again, and be made an heir of everiastingj salvation ; through our Lord Jesus Christ and, Again Grant that all£carnal affections may die n him, and all thiugs belonging to the Spirit may live and grow in him." I need not increase the number of passages ; thejblessfng sought, it is evi dent, is the regeneration of the child by the Holy Ghost; and after baptism, thanks are returned that this blessing has been received " We yield thee hearty thanks, most merciful Father, that it hath pleased thee to regenerate this infant by thy Holy Spirit to receive him thine own child by adop tion, and to incorporate him into thy Holy Church." Ana there the Church leayes him ; and tbe next time this child is introduced to us, in our Catechism, where from the instruction hebas previously re ceived, he appears to be perfectly acquainted with what had taken place at his baptism, for in answer to the question " Who jave you that name," he re plies My godfathers and my godmothers in my baptism, wherein I was tnadoa member of Christ, the child of God, and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven." And in confirma'ion, the gifts and graces of the Holy Spirit bestowed when they were baptized,are supposed to be increased and strength ened, according to the prayer : " Almighty and ever lasting God, wlto hast vouchsafed to regenerate these thy servants by water and the Ho'y Ghost, and hast given unto them forgiveness of ail their sins, strengthen them, -we beseech thee, O Lord, with the Holy Ghost the Comforter, and daily increase in them thy manifold gifts of grace." They bad re ceived the gift of the Holy Ghost before at baptism, and now prayer is made that it may be increased and confirm d. And so in all our services, the per son partaking in them is always supposed to have been regenerated at baptism, to have been then brought into a state of justification, and iii that state to remain, aye, to the day oij his death , as the service lor tbe burial of the dead most clearly shews; indeed our whole morning and evening services are composed expressly for a con gregation of persons who are supposed to have been thus born again, at their baptism, and in that state of salvation to remain through the continual aid of God's Holy Spirit. I will not take up your time any further on this point, enough has been said to shew that which I was to shew under the first head, viz. — the benefit the child receives at baptism. But perhaps a question will have risen in the minds of some here present,— how is it, if children have the gift of the Holy Spirit bestowed upon them at baptism, how is it that we do not see the fruits of it in their lives and qonversu ions ?Toi it is notorious that tbe greater number of those who are baptized do not tu n out better thao they would have done had they not been baptized at all Alas !— this is but too true, I tear, the cause of it will appear pre sently, but first let us eonsider;— 11\. The the reason or cause that childten or, infants on whome the Holy Spirit is bestowed recieve the benefit ; and this part of the subject let me beg you .particular attention, as much depends upon it. I mast again take you to the Baptismal Service, and you will observe that the priest addresses the congregation before he begins the prayers in these words ; "I beseech yon to call upon God the Father, through our Lord Jesus Christ, that of his bounteous mercy be will grant to this child that thing which by na ture he cannot have the whole congregation then are requested, besouht.iiidced, to pray to God that the child may he baptized with water aad the Holy Ghost. And then they join the minister in asking for his blessing, thus, "VVe beseech thee, for thine infinite mercies, that thou wilt mercifully look upon this child," (fee. Again, " We call upon thee for this infant, that he, coming to thy holy baptism, may receive remission of his sins by spiritual regeneration. Receive him, O Lord. as thou hast promised by thy well-beloved Son, saying, ask, and ye shall have ; seek, and ye shall find ; knock, and it shall be opened unto you ; so give now to us that ask ; let us thut seek find ; open the gate unto us that knock ; that this infant may enjoy the everlasting benediction of thy hevenly washing, and may come to the eternal kingdom which thou hast promised b/ Christ our Lord.'' Thus the congregation do according to the exhortation of the minister, pray for the very thing which our Lora directs them to pray, when he tells them tq ask, and seek, and knock. You will find tbe pas-age iu the Hth chapter of St, Luke, where, a;ter exhorting them to pray in the words I have just quoted from the service, he adds in the I3tb verse; ' if ye then being evil, know how to give good gifts urito your children, hew much more shaii your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask hiai.'V The illustratio too which our Lort used to encourage perseverence, is remarkably forcible ; he supposes the case of a person who has bad a feiemcome unexpectedly to him at night, when he had no provisions in the house, and he goes to a neighbour's to borrow three loaves of bread, but this person, being in bed and family likewise, refuses at first to rise to give him, but after repeated solici tations, be dues rise and give him as many as he wanted; and from his success, our Lord shews how much more reason there is for supposing that if we ask, we shall receive on like manner; it is evident nere that the man received the bread, because he continued to ask, and would not take a-refusal, and thon the inference is plain, that by persevering in our prayers we shall receive, because we ask, because we persevere, and so our Chureu supp ses that tbe child will receive the blessing, because tye pray, and in answer to our prayers 1 But some one may again think, there is every reason to fear that the child does not always receive any benefit;— lam coming to that directly, only I wish to impress upon you this plain truth, that according to our service, the child is supposed to receive the Holy Ghost in answer to our. .prayers ; and it does not appear to me that any unprejudiced mind can come to any other conclusion ; but what says the advocate of what is called Baptismal Regeneration on this point, he mantains that the blessing is given, not in answer to the prayers of the congregation ; that the child is regenerate, not because we ask, and seek, and knock, that it wuld receive the Holy Ghost, if no prayers were offered, arid he refers yon to the. service for private baptism, in support of this opinion ; % but it is because the ceremony is per formed by an Episcopally ordained minister, that the blessing is in the Sacrament ! he means to teach you that the Sacrament of baptism committed to his hands, as a successor of the apostles, is efficacious alway for the regeneration of the infant without any contingencies, without prayer being offered at all ; or whatever be the character of the persons praying — they may, therefore, be Pagans, or they may be Atheists, or Deists, or may only come to mock and join in the service for the sake ridiculing it ; still according to this doctrine it is all the same, the blessing is bestowed, prayers are no part of the sacrament, and thetefore prayers, sincere or hypocrit- cal, make no difference, let the ceremony be perform ed by legitimate hands, it is all that is required for the sacrament to be efficacious. A clergyman holding these views, will in the service beseech the congregation to call upon God to grant the. blessing, and be will then join with them himself in asking for it, on the ground 1 have stated, becaise our Savipor encourages us p pray, and as- «u es us that the Holy Ghost will be given, if it be thus ask pi for, Aud after the blessing is bestowed and the ceremopy is over, he turns round on the congregation apd virtually ttjls them thai their pray e s were of no use in obtaining the boon, bat that it was granted because he, au Episcopally ordained min;ster, baptized the child. 1 think it is tolerably clear that such is not the doctrine of our Church ; where this doctrine is received, it has, no doubt, the effect of exalting the priesthood in the estimation of men, but it is at the expense of reason and of truth- Let us suppose a case : —If a child were brought to church to be baptized, and if the whole congregation were what our Church supposes tbem to be, if the parents and sponsors and all present were real and sincere Christians, and if they had offered up the prayers in our service in all earnestness and sincerity, and with the strongest iassurance of far.h, that they should receive what they prayed for ; then suppose the child should die before the minister actually baptized it, the child is, according to this doctrine, lost for ever; but if it should live until the water was actually poured upon it and then expire, the child is saved, Can you believe this ? Would you not rather believe that the prayers were answered, and that he was made meet for heaven before he was taken away, whether baptised or no? In short, to exhort persons to pray for au object, and to join with them in prayer to God, entreating h ra to grant what is prayed 'or on the ground, because he has promised to graut it if we pray for it, and to believe that the blessing they are asking for, and exhorting others to ask fqr it on ibis ground, that God has promised that i; they ask they shall receive, yet believing all the while, I say, that they will not receive it for their asking, ask they never so faithfully and earnestly, but for some other cause, is conduct only worthy of the Church of Rome, whose work they are doing, and whose secret agents tliere is too much reason to fear many of them are, But it is very usual, it will be said, for the Lord God to promise blessings, and yet to require that prayers should be offered lor those things thai he has promised to grant ; for instance, in the 36th chapter of Ezekiel, alter the Lord had been prjmising to the Jews that their land should be tilled apd become fruitful, and their cities rebuilt, so that those round abjut should say, M This land thai was desolate is become like the gaiden 01 Eden." Yet inlhe7th verse, the prophet adds ; ' Thus saith t e Lord God, I will y t or this be inquired of by the house of Israel to do it for them.", So here are blessings, it will be said, pronised, and the Lrd siys, aotw ith- standiag, he will y.t be inquired of to do u ; true, uor do I kt on of any bless! gs p.omised in Soetpture which we are justified in expecting without we ask tor them. The difference is this, we are not au thorized to expect the blessings if we do not ask ; pnjer is a meins to au end, which God has ap pointed, a c -rod lion which he requires to be fu filed ; but in the case be 'ore us, if the blessing be in the sacrament, and necessairily conveyed by si, prayer is not used as a means to an end, it is used for an i n 1 which, the persons praying, are to believe will be ob tained bv sotne other means, or for some cause. We do not pray for the resurrection of.the body, as it will be raised whether we pray or not; we do n t pray thai the soul may survive the death of the , bouy, as this also will take place, whether we pray or not; and yet we might as well, as o use the prayers f r the blessing in the Baptismal Service, and yet believe it will be conferred if no prayers are offered at all. Y- u have not perhaps had the subject brought thus befpre you till now, but you have probably been directed to the part of the service after the baptism has taken place, where thanks are returned that the child is regenerate, and then you are asked, whether you can use that thanksgiving, and yet believe that for which you have returned thanks may not have taken plt.ee? Ask them whether this is the way they read God's wor J, do they detach a passage from what comes before, and what follows after, and give a meaning to it which it will not bear when taken as it stands connected ? Do we not read the whole, and so deter- mine the meaning of the Spirit in the several parts ? Certainly we do And sq do we in human wo:ks, and so we can alone hope to read on and profit to our spiritual good, III. Let us now consider the reason that all chil dren do do not receive the benefit which our Church evidently considers that they do receive in this sacra ment. I have shown, I think clearly, that our Church, by its service, supposses the Holy Ghost to be be stowed, and the child to be regenerate in answer to prayer, and I have shown likew se in the course of the argument, that It is a perfectly scriptural doctrine. Our Saviour has said, that if we ask, the Holy Ghost will be given us, aBd therefore we kuow that God is willing to do what he thus promised he would do, if we perform our part ; if the child be not after all regenerate t»y the Holy Ghost, we must, it is evident, look to ouiselves to discover the cause, the fault must rest with us, not with God- We are to'd that if we ask we shall receive, but St, James said ot some in his day, ,4 Ye ask aad receive n«l-, because ye ask amiss." Again it is said, The effectual tervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much. " But, it is likewise written, " If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me.'' And in Prov. xxviii. 9, it is v.ineri, " He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his ptayer shall be abomi nation." Now, are the persons that are generally engagea in the service, the parents and sponsors of the chil dren, to be ranked among the righteous or among those who turn away their ear from hearing the law ? the prayers of one class are effectual, the pray ers of the other an abomination. He that turneth away his ear I'rcm hearing the law, he that keepeth not the commandments of God, or as expressed in the Gospel, he : that is a hearer only and not a doer of the word, his prayer ejen is an abomination / we cannot expect, indeed is it reasonable, that a pruVer offered to God fqr something for another, for which, though equally necessary for himself, no prayer is offered, is it probable th'at that man's prayer ca n possibly be effectual ? Many persons, parents an d sponsors, seek and ask that for their children which they have not themselves, for which they never seek nor ask ; the prayer of the righteous availeth much, but the prayer of the wicked and unbelieving can avail nothing. And here we must seek for the solution of the diffi culty; the reason that so many children shew, by their after life, that they received not the benefit when baptized that our Church "supposed they would have received. We mantain, and our Church, I have shewn, teachers, that the gift is bestowed in answer to prayer, but these persons do cot pray, they bring their children and their friends (the sponsors), some- times they join or follow the clergyman, sometimes they do not ; tney utter the words perhap, meanwhile their hearts are fixed on earthly objects, and their thoughts are wandering up and down in the world, they draw near to God with their lips while their hearts are far from him. And will God, is it reason able to suppose, that the searcher of all hearts will pay any attention to the petition of such? their desires go nt forth with their petitions; mere lip.ser- vice— they value not what they pray for ; they con« sider the whole a ceremony to which it is their duty to attend ; what wonder then that the children receive no blessing. It is to the conduct of parents we must look .; it is this that frustrates the merciful intentions of our heavenly Father towards these infants; it is this that causes the hopes of our Church to be so often disap. pointed. How great ! how fearful tiien the respon sibilities of parents ; they a-e directed to train up their child in the way he should go, and they are assured that when he is old he will not depart from it, and the very first opportunity that is afforded them to lay a good foundation for this training- is completely lost through their unbelief. God has promised to persons of a particular character, that if they ask for certain blessings they shall receive lliem, but persons of a different character have no right to expect inconsequence, that they are to receive the blessings too, in fact theyare not thus bestowed, nor nor are they in realty sought, all that is desired is to perform a kind of duty, It would be a burden to their con8ciencees. if they be respectable persons, not to harp their children baptized, they therefore bring or send them, but as for. any spiritual benefit tbey neither seek nor care to have it. And shall Jour ser vices be altered to meet their case ? let them alter or seek to have their characters altered; let them seek first for themselves this gift of. the Holy Ghost to change their natures, for their state will be the cause that neither they themselves will be allowed to enter into the kingdom of heaven and prevent their chil dren, as far as they concerned, from receiving that by which alone they can be rendered meet to he admit ted into the same inheritance. And now let me exhort you all to hold fast the form of sound words, that you take every doctrine you hear, that you submit every claim that inen may put forward, to the test of Scripture; that you take nothing on mao's authority alone, but that yon always require proof from scripture in support of every doctrine proposed for your belief; and be careful too that you do not in any way give your sanction to any f jrms or ceremonies which may have a tendency to engender or encourage the spirit of eror which is now abroad, and to extinguish the pirit of true religion, which all the services of our 'Church are intended, and so well calculated to fos ter and confirm, it was at no small cost that the spirit of religious liberty triumphed in this land ; many a man of God has shed his blood, and many a bumble f> 1 ower of Christ has given his body to be burned to procure for us this freedom ; truly they were workers together with God. " Stand fast, therefore, in this liberty wherewith Christ has made us free, and be not entangl.d again with the yoke of bondage : and may the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory, by Christ Jesus, after that we have suffered awhile, make us perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle u«, and to him be glory and dominion, for ever and ever." Amen. £ But even here, before he proceeds to baptize the child, the minister, with them that are present, are directed to call upon God and say the Lord's Prayer, and sq many of the collects appointed to be said be fore in the form of public baptism, as the time and present exigence will suffer; it is not left optional with the minister, whether praper should be offered or not ; if the child be at the point of death, he is not authorized to baptize it without prayer ; but if our Church teaches that the blessing is conferred in dependently of prayer, prayer would not surely have enjoined in such an extremity, it appears to have been done intentionally, lekt he .should seem to sanction the notion that the mere performance of the ceremony by a lawful minister is all that is necessary to eqsu e the blessing. 