ENGLISH EXTRACTS; THE SOVEREIGNS OF EUROPE. The number of Sovcreigns or reigning Princes of Europe has diminished by two in consequence of- the death of the Dukeo of Anhalt Koethon, whose line is extinct, and by the abdication of the Duke of Lucca, and the renunciation of his' son, whereby the dichly' has been transferred to Tuscany'; this, however, would have taken place by the death of the Duchess of Parma; so that this day, the 1st of January, 1848, there are but 49 Sovereigns in Europe, or 50, if, owing to his dynasty, the Emperor of Brazils be in cluded. Among these Sovereigns there are but two above 70 years old, namely, the King of Hanover, the Nestor of the Princes of Europe, who is aged 70 years and 7 months; and the King of the French, whoso age is 74 and 4. months Among the others 11 are aged from 60 to 70; 10 from 50 to 60; 9 from 40 to 50; 3 from 30 to 40; 7 from 20 to 30; and 2 have not yet'reached 20-these are the Queen of Spain, who is about 17 years and 3 months, and the Prince of Waldeck, who is not yet 17. The Sovereign who has reigned longest is the Prince of Shaumburg Lippe, who reckons 60 years 10 months and a half, including the time of his minority. Among the others, three have reigned about 40 years,.also in cluding their minority; they are the Princes of Lippe Detmold and Schwarshnrg Rudol stadt, and the Duke of Saxe Meiningen. Three have reigned from 30 to 40 years,.six from 20 to 30, twenty- two from 10 to 20, and fifteen not 10. Six Sovereigns are not, or have never been, married. They are, in addition to the Pope, the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg Schwerin, the Duke of Bruns wick, and the Princes of Rcuss Schlleitz, Reuss Lobenstoin Eberdorff, and of Waldeck. Six Sovereigns are widowers-namely, the King of Hanover, the Grand Dukes of Darmstadt and, Oldenburg the Duke of Nassau, and the Princes of Hohenzollern Sigmaringen and Hohenzollern Hechingen. One Sovereign lives in polygamy; another (the Elector of Hesse) has made a morga natic marriage; thirty-six have married Princesses of reigning houses, and among them one is married for the third time, and eight for the second. The oldest of the wives of these thirty-six Sovereigns (among whom are three SovereignPrincesses) is the Queen of the French, who is 65 years and 8 months oldl; the youngest is the Duchess of' Modena, who is but 24 years 9 mon'ha old. She who has been longest married is the Grand Duchess of Weimar, who has been wedded foity-three y'ears and five months. Among the 44 Sovereigns married, or widowers, 12 have no children, or but by morgauatic marriages. Among the 32 others those who have most children, next to the Sultan, are the Prince of Lichtenstein, who has '9; the King of Bavaria and Prince ol Lippe, who have each 8; the Quoen of' Portugal and the Grand Duke of Baden, who have each 7. The Duke ofSaxo-Alten burg having but daughters, it follows that only 31 Sovereigns have presumptive de scenidants who can succeed to. them; and among them, the-King of the French has a grandson, the Emperor of Brazils a daughter. and all the rest sons, 14 Sorereigns have for heirs but collateral relations; 12 liav . brothfrs for heirs; *the Queen' of'Spain's heir is her sis-er, and the Elector of HIesse's a cousin. Fire Sovereigns are without sure successors in their line, namely, ieside the Pope, the Duke ofBrunswick (whose brother has been declared incapable of reigning), the Duke of Anhal-Bernburg, and the Princes of Hohenzollern lHcohingen and of Reuss Lobenstein Eberdorff. Among the forty five hereditary Princes or presumptive heirs (he of Electoral Hesse, who is 60 years of age, is the oldest, and the Imperial Princess of Brazils, who is but 1 year and 5 months old, is the youngest) twenty-three are married to Princesses of equal birth; but one of thenm, the Princess Royal of Den mark, has been twice divorced; eighteen of those Princes have children, and, among them, Prince John of Saxony, who haa eight, has the most.-Leipsic Print. The eyes of Europe are-the newspapers of Europe; and the same eyes are upon every man, woman, and child, whose lives are of the slightest interest outside their own circles. It has been beautifully said of flowers, that they start up in the most unex pected places, where there is hardly a hand ful of soil, and even where there 'is none, striking their tenderyyet vigorous roots into the crevices of the naked rook. The same tiling may be said of newspapers. They seem to he sown, like certain seeds, by the caprice of the winds.-Wherever there is a settlement of a dozen people you may look onu for a newspaper. The first necessity of a new population is a newspaper. It inverts sometimes the vulgar principle of political economy,-which will insist that the demand produces the supply; for it.happens with newspapers, every now and then, that the supply prodnces the demand. The news paper of a little colony often comes into ex istence before its readers; some far-sighted speculator being always in advance with an article of consumption which he knows well enough will become indispensible by'and by. Even New Zealand, while it was yet under going the early stages of an excruciating ex periment, had a 'newspaper; and Hong Kong, where the fatality of the climate might be supposed to deter any sensible man from risking any more than a month's subscription, has its Gazette, Indeed we are not quite sure that a newspaper is not a sort of social instinct. People get up newspapers where tlere is nobody to read them.but themselves. Passengers on a long voyage, who have no news to tell, cxcept that which they get from each other,,anil nobody to tell it to when they get it, frequently amuse themselves by playing at newspapers, This is more re umarkable than the most dut-of-the- way birth of flowers. A harebell on a rock is not'half so surprising as a newspaper on board ship. -Fraser's Magazin A gentleman bein'"illed utpon to siing, replied: he neveridid eny'hing-Solo (so-low)'on which another gntlenian requested him to' Dueit (fdo i,) The state of popular fermentation and excite ment which bas now prevailed for several months with more or less inte:sily throughout Italy, has naturally driven the people to strangel and indirect idodrs of expressing those feelings and opinions which the Governments of many: parts of the Peninsula were prepared to repress. Even in Lombardy this species orcovert warfare' has within the last few days been cairied on in' a manner which has led, unhappily, to more serious disturbances and loss to life. In the' last weeks of December an anonymous noticel had been extentively circulated amongst all classes of society in Milan, recommending to the people total abstinence from tobacco, snuff, and the lottery, as the most effectual mode of affecting the finances of the Austrian Govern-' ment, which derive, as is well known, a very large revenue for those monopolies. Tle rclieme appears to have been universally adopted. Paddy fresh from the exhortations of Father Mathew, or the Bostonians excited by patriotic hatred of British teachests, were not more reso lutein totalabstinen-e than ihe. ilines- smokers From the Ist of January not a whiff or a pinch was allowed to taint thle atmosphere or choke the respiratory organs with the'lnrchandise of the Imperial tobacconist ; and a people who are behind none of their neighbors in the use of the weed suddenly sacrificed to pa'riot:sm what they refused to cleatlineas and good taste. From that instant the fate of the Lonibardo-Ve netian kingdom seemed to hang on the proportion of those who smoked to those who did not. The populace, deprived of the m Il influepce, of the narcotic, naturally sought for some other. species of excitement, and tierefori fell to hunt ing down those who had neglected to take the nitiotail pledge. Onr the other hand, the Austrian party and the Imperial forcei, who had smoked before from taste and habit, forth with smoked the more from loyalty and duty. A detachment of smoking Grenadiers marched the streets with lighted cigars; the Artillery charged their pipes ; General Neyperg bravyd the arbitrary popular decree by a well-directed fire from a huge meerschaum i and every ma, who was found actually not smoking, including the Podesta of Milan himself, ran a risk of im. mediate incarceration. rThe Cs3ars of Rome required the early Christians to burn incense to the idols of a heathen Olympus 4 the Ciesar of Vienna may test the loyalty or the patriotism of his Italian subjects by requiring them to light a pipe or to inhale rappee. It soon became mauifest in' Milan that the populace were re solved to enforce this' sacrifice of a favourite habit by violent and illegal means. A riot en sited, large bodies of soldiers were cilled out, and, though it is not ascertained that they fired on the people, a very considerable number of persons were unhappily killed and wounded by their side arms. It is much to be feared that the irritation caused by this riot will not easily be allayed, for the spark has fallen on the most combustible materials, and every inci dent of this kind strengthens the disposition of the: Austrian Cabinet to strike a decisive blow for the maintenance of its Italian supremacy. IMPOItTANT EXPEDITION IN SEARCII ', SIR JonN' FRANKlaN.-The ipublic will learn with great saiisfaction that the government'having determined that no expense shall be spired in providing an -fficient expedi ion to prcceed in sehrch of Cptain Sir John Franklin, K.G.B , and his gallant companions in the arctic regions, the Admiralty have sparid no pains, and have lost no time, in meeting ile wishes of tile n-v. ernment and the publ' generally by providing superior ships, and ielectiig an efficient officer to command thii perilous enterprise. With reference to ships, we may state that two vessels have already been purchased, one o4 420 tons, from NMessrs Green, to be called the il Resolu lion," the well-known nam ii f Captain Cook's discovery ship; and lth other, of 470 tons, from vMessrs Wigram, of Blackwall, to be calld the '* Endeator," the name of the famous circunm navigator's first thip. They are entirely new, and the names of the builders are a sullcient gu'-ratlee of their qualities in every resp, t es sential for such a service as that to wh ch they ari devoted. With respect to the officer who is selected to command itis expedition, when we mention that it is the gallant and distintguished Caplain Sir James Clark Ross, Knt., D.CL,, F.R.S., who returned aboui four years since from a polar voyage, (and lwo Is the neplhw of that other celebrated arctic voyager, Captain Sir John Ross, C.BI), the most unanimous confidenen will be repnised in him as ai excel lent seaman, an efficient officer, and a most skilful and experienced navigator. In his ap. pointment to command and conduci snch an ex pedition, an assurance will be felt that every thling that can be done will be accomplished-to gain tidings of, and to afford succor, it required, to Sir John Franklin and iis gallant band of adventurers ; whlst at the same time we shall have salisfaction to know, that what by any possibility can be effectbd io tle way of silving the grand problem, the pursuit 'of which has al-' ready cost so much, and in which so mnty gal-: ltnt lives lhave been sacrlficed, will at least be bravely attempted by Captain Sir James C. Ross. in the Resolution and the Endeavoitr. Already we have heard thatL Sir -James's old shipmates, who are not with Franklin, are desirous of cast ing their lot with him a second time amongst the eternal ice fields, and we are certain that by the time thlie ships are ready fitted by Mlessrs Green and Wigram, which by their oontract will be about tlhe Ist of April, as efficient a com plement of officers and seamen will'be 'collected as ever devoted tieiuselves to any national en terprise. The Resolution and Enterprise will follow Sir John Franklin's track as closely as possible. Few people are aware of lte amount of taxa lion levied from newspapers. Upon our publi cation of last week we paid for advertisemient duty, for stamp duty, and for paper duty, a sum exceeding £33 being at the rhte of£ 170b0 a.year. The pulpit is endowed and the press is taxed. Would it' not be better to let both alone I A Canon of the Collegiate Church is paid £1200 a-year for addressing his audiene : we pay £1700 a-year to be allowed to address ours. Manchester Times. So sensible is every brute creature of the poisonous and.delelerious quality of the tobarco plant that.no one oif ll. the various tribes of beasts, birds, and reptiles has evert been known to taste ofit. It: las been reserved to man alone to make ofthis poisonunus plant an article ofdaily necessity for, the gratification of his depraved appetite. [This is not surictly true ; we have seen a sheep chewing tobacco ] A TRUE GHOST STonY.-Dr Fowler, Bishop of Gloucester, in the early part of the eighteenth century, was a believerin appari tions. The following conversation of the Bishop with Judge Powell is recorded: " Since I saw you," said the lawyer," I have had ocular demonstration of the existence of nocturnal apparitions." " Iam glad you are become a convert of the truth; but, do! you say ocular demonstration ? Let me knowi the particulars of'the story." "My L-ord, I' will. It was-let' niosee-last Thursday night, between the hours ofolevon'aud twelvo, but nearer the latter than- the former, as?I lay sleeping in my bed, I was suddenly awakened by an uncodimon noise, and heard something coming up stairs, and'stalking directly towards my room. 'The door fying open I drew back my curtain, and saw a faint glimmering light enter my chamber." "Of a pale color, no doubt'?" " The light was a pale blue, my lord, and followed by a tall meagre personage, his locks hoary with age, and clothed in a long loose gown; a leathern girdle' about his-loins, his beard thick and grizzly,'a large fur cap on his head, and a- long staff in his hand. Struck with astonishment, I remained some tiniteiotion less andtsilelnt; the figure'advan'ced staring me full in the face; I then said, " Whence and what art thon ?' " What was the an swer-tell me-what was the answer"' "The following was the answer I received : -" I[ im watchman of the night, an't please your honor, and made bold to come up stairs to inform the family of the street door being open, and that if it was not soon shut, they would probably be robbed before morning.'" PRISON CoMNPANIONLHIP.-How long the lamp of conversaton holds out to burn be tween two persons only, is curiously set down in the following passage from Count Confalonieri's account of his imprisonment: -" I am an old man now ; yet by 15 years my soul is younger thian my body I Fifteen years I existed (for' did not live-it was not life) in the self samie dungeon 10 feet square! During six years I had a companion; during -nine .I was alone! I never could rightly distinguish .the faco of him who shared my captivity in the eternal twilight of our cell. The first year we talked inces santly together; 'we related our past lives. our joys for ever gone, over and over again, The next year we communicaled to each other our thoughts and ideas on all subjects. The third year we had no idea to communi cate ; we were beginning to lose the power of reflection. The fourth, at the interval of a month or so, we would onten our lips to ask each other if it were indeed possible that the world -went on so gay and bustling as when we formed a portion ofmankind. The fifth, we were silent. The sixth, he was taken away, I never know where, to execution or to liberty; but I was glad when' e was gone; even solitude was better than the dim vision of that pale, vacant face. After that I was alone; only one event broke in upon my nine years' vacancy. One day (it must have been a year or'two after my companion left me) the dungeon door was opehed 'and a voice-whence proceeding I know not-ut tered tlese words-" By order of His Impe rial Majesty, I intimate to you that your wife died a year ago." . Then the door was shut ; I heard no more; they had but flung this great agony in upon me, and left me alone with it again." A MELANCHOLY STORY.-A singular in stance of maternal affection, and melancholy mnisery, occurred in this city a few days since. A widow, who unfortunately for them was the mother of six children, found refuge in a dilapidated dwelling in one of the lanes. The youngest of her clildren fell ill and tdied. The whole family were in a state of the utmost destitution, anti tile disease rapidly mastered the young orphan's energies. A coffin was begged. Coffin and corpse would have been borne, perhaps, without tlhe nother's assistance, to some graveyard near. But she liad lived at a dis lance of many miles from this city, and in the burial ground of her native place lier friends were interred. The distance was far, and as few would consent to carry a coffin containing a stranger so far unneces sarily, the poor mother resolved to bear it herself. She actually did so. She had it placed on her back, and slowly and wearily she bore it away, reached the graves of'her kindred, scratched a trench, we have heard, with her hands, and thus consigned to the earth where she wished they should rest the remains of her offspring. She returned to her orphans. A second took sick, died quickly, like the other; like 'the other was placed in a chariiy coffin, and conveyed in the same way, by the unfortunate mother, to tlle samte place of burial, and buried in like mnanner by lier own hands Slie returned again. A third child took sick, died speedily also, was stretched in a coflin pro cured from the clhritable, borne away as before by the sorrowing mtother, and interred near to the oiier two by the hapless poor creature's almost excoriated hands. She re turned a third time. A fourth child was ill; fell a victim as quickly as each of the others, was collined by charity, and carried off and laid by the mother'beside her three other children. 'She came back to her wretched apartment. A fifth child was seized by the malady, a fifth coffin procured,.a lifth weari. some journey-made alone by the mother, and a fifth body consigned to the earth, there, at all events,ino longer to feel'the pangs of disease, or the slow wasting progress of unalleviated hunger."'- Limerick Ex aminer, Tlhe Dean of Ely lis walked, with an, um brella up, through the tube of Lord Rosse's le. viathan telescope, PROFESSIONAL 1BaRvITY.-When Mason was preparing the case of i . K. Avery, and had examined about 200 witnesses, somebody called to see him. The legal gentleman sent word that he was occupied, and ' could not-be interrupted. " HBut the man --is-a witness-a MIthodist'minister." " Call him up," said Mason. " Well,'Sir, what can you Lestify ?" " I havohad a vision; two angels have' appeared to me, and told:ine that brolther Avery is innocent.'' Let thlem be summonncet I" saidlMason, as ho resumed his work.-Ioston Alheonium., GoING AIEI.D.-The- following queel paragraph is from the New York Sun:_ " Indications, we consider, are strong that wv may yet be called to admit Old England tc the blessings and honours of the republic It will-be extending the area of our territor, rather wide; but Republican principles ar strong enough to protect the whole earth it one compact. The only objection we can have at present to the annexation of England is the want of intelligence and preparation in her masses : these, however, could be soon educated right. Speaking our language she has superior claims, upon our sympathies, and we may as well take her in a lump, as to be- dribbling her away by emigration, at the rate of a million a year. The Lancashire and Yorkshire boys would soon drop their uncouth dialects, and adopting the English language,.make good freemen and citizens. Stranger things have been seen than parents seeking the protection of their children, which will be the case when we gather Eng. land into the Union." "You may comp'ain of my taking the pledge," said a reclaimed man in Kent to an anti-teetotal acquaintance. " Strong drink oc. casioned me to have more to do with pledging than ever teetotalism has. When I was a con. sumer of alcoholic drinks, I pledged my coat, I pledged my bed; I pledged, in fact, every thing that was pledgeab'e. At length teetotal truth met me, and convinced me of the folly. rhen I pledged myself; and by so doing soon got more thili my former property about me, THE INFLUENZA.-We read in a letter from Madrid of'tlie 19:h'i-", The grippe continues. At this moment four of the Ministers are con. finid to their beds by the malady-viz., the Dukes of Valencia (General Narvaez) and Soto. mavor; NM Beltram de Lis, and M Settorius. Their illness is noi of a dangerous character, but, generally speaking, the mortality is great. As many as 122 persons have died.in one day. Since the cholera we have had nothing so fatal. -Galignaoi's Messenger. The Limerick Chronicle states that a gentle. man, who was unable to get writs served, dres. sed up a bailiff in leminld attire, end thus effec. ted his object, for the'seeming woman was ad. mitted, wni'e the bailiff, in propria persona, had found that there was " n use of knocking at the door.' - r Why should a cricketer observe the same caution as a story-teller? In not being "bowl'd out." .Whit description of peas are the most difli cult to be produced in the Colac District? The J. Ps. Why is Coac .the most patriotic district in Port Pnillip ? Because it contains the original true'Colonist. The number of men who deserted the British army during the year en-ding on the Istof April, 1846, was 2605. A party congratulating a friend on marrying lady with a large fortune observed that he had made a proper-lie (property.) 