AND TASWAgriAWi - oritN TO ALI.-INFLUENCED BY NONE. This Journal is published on the Evening of every Tuesday anil Friday, and circulates extensively throughout the Australian Colonies, India, China, Europe, and America. It is regularly filed at the office of Messrs. Simmonds and Ward, General Agent», Barge-yard, Buckle'rs. bury, London, and at the Jerusalem Coffee House. HOBART TOWN: AUGUST l8, 1848. THE City Commissioners have given up the ghost. The gentlemen empowered to act'as delegates of the citizens committed on Tuesday Ustfelo de se. It would not ' however have much mattered had they merely destroyed themselves, but «hey have Burked the people. They, as private men, were empowered to perform a public duty for a time they did so satisfactorily; and then, because they individually could not brook the insults heaped upon them by the great overbearing state pauper, the Colo- nial Secretary, they must needs take the huff, and, like cowardly children, lie down and cry " Don't strike us when we are down." Hobart Town is now again Hobart Town-it has no longer any pretensions to be called a city. The inhabitants had, we say, vested in them certain powers, which powers were placed by the citizens in the hands of the Commissioners. Did these Commissioners not choose to act, when the Doubts' Bill removed all difficulties, it was their duty to resign-but they had no right whatevei to destroy the power with which they were only entrusted. The Commis- sioners altogether forgot that they were merely acting for the people, sod they < fancied that they were accountable to no one for their conduct. As we all recollect there was much difficulty and very disrepu- table means were taken by one or, two indi- viduals to obtain from the voters the honor of.being elected-but being elected, the Commissioners became like the frog imi- tating the bull, and burst accordingly. Weil !,they might have burst if they pleased, but in bursting they have uofortunately destroyed the power vested in the citizens of .electing other repiesentatives'instead of them-a gios*ei;breaoli of public trust we defy any one öfuhem to point dut in the history of nations. ' fiad they sold the citi zens for their own pecuniary interests, there would have been some excuse for them, and they might then deserve to be called rogues; but, as it is, they have gained nothing by depriving the people of the rights of election 5 they have niggardly allowed their powers to sleep, to pass from ' them and the people-a more disgraceful breach of trust, we say, never was com- mitted, and if ever (which it is probable may be the case when Mr. Bicheno is re- moved from office) the citizens have a right of election vested in them again, if they (the citizens) elect such men again, we hope they may be served in a similar manner as they have now been served by their dele- gates. Taking them individually they are a very respectable body of men, and the proof of their respectability is that their ac- ceptances would meit in any of our colo- nial banks ; but taking them collectively, a greater set of boobies could not well be collected together-they may be rich men, but the grasping of riches only narrows the mind and confines the intellect, and that is, we suppose, the reason why that among the whole number of them lhere did not appear above three or four who had two ideas of their own-if there were more so superiorly gifted, it is a pity they did not make it known to their constituents-it was a pity they kept their knowledge to' them- selves. For a time a faction worked in the civic council, nnd the members in a body were the tools of that fiction ; but when the spirit of discord was overcome- when the Commissioners could no longer stand against the shafts fired by the Colonial Secretary, »ho was continually reverting to their imbecility as a body of men-they indeed sunk to rise no more-they became, in verity, nothing ! The Commissioners on Tuesday thought of nothing but money-their God mam- mon ! So they determined to sell the fur- niture and the tools belonging to the citi- zens. But what risht had they to come to such a decision ? How dare they sell the property of others ? They may as well sell the tools belonging to the pri- soners' barracks. The city tools and furniture no more belong to the Com- missioners, than they do to their next door neighbours. But, say they, the money which they sell for is to be placed in one of the banks, to await the time when a properly constituted civic council shall be appointed. Indeed, some of the wiseheads argued that, as the money was received from the Government, it should be returned to the Colonial Secretary ! The public money was received by them in trust, and they as trustees should have ac- counted for what they expended, and have retained the remainder in their own cus- tody, or else by their resignations have allowed other qualified men to have taken their places. But the elected would be Commissioners, and would not allow others to succeed them and perform the public duty. It was, we say, resolved by these sapient solons, that the furniture and tools should be sold by auction. Let Mr. Walker, their chairman, point out, if he can, where any authority is given to him or the other Commissioners to so dis- pose of the property of the citizens. These wiseacres further resolved to deposit the pro- ceeds of the sale of the tools and furniture in one of the banks. It is to be lodged there by Mr. Commissioner Walker, mind-not as Mr John Walker, of Hobart Town, miller and brewer; .but very shortly Mr. Com- missioner Walker snuffs himself out of the Chief Commissionership, and the bank re- tains the money ad infinitum ; for to sup- pose Mr. Walker will ever again be Chief Commissioner, or that any other of the present Council will ever be re-elected after such a gross breach of trust on their part, is to suppose that which is very un- likely to occur ; it is, indeed; an insult to the community to imagine that any (allow- ing but two or three except ions, only) can ever be returned as delegates by sensible thinking men. Therefore by what means the Chief Commissioner can draw the money from the bank after he is no longer a public functionary, is a mystery to be unravelled. Besides, too, why have the citizens not had rendered to them an ac- count of their monies expended, and an account of what remains on hand, and a list of the public property ? As it is the duty of his Excellency, as chief magistrate of the territory, to enfoice the laws of the land, and as the Commis. sioners' Act has become the law, it re- mains now with him to nominate the suc- cessors of the gentlemen who are destroy- ing the civic liberties. His Excellency, we say, is bound by the law, and we hope he will appoint such men as are qualified, and that rieht s, and reading and writing their mother tongue, will not be the only qualifications necessary for the commis- sion; but that men of sense will be selected by him. _ WHEN people talk about the wealth of England, they scarcely know what they themselves mean. What is wealth ? Does it consist in money, or real and chattel es- tate? The national debt is eight hundred millions, on which some thirty-five millions is annually paid as interest. This large sum too is principally drawn from the poorer and middling classes of the com- munity. The expence of the government is somewhat about seven millions.per annum, so that of the total forty-two mil- lions annually levied in taxes from the people, only one-seventh is applicable to the government of the country for the time being, the other six-sevenths being paid not in liquidation of the debt, but merely as interest upon a,debt incurred by our silly forefathers in supporting the divine rights of kings, and church and state ; and thus waa a mighty millstone strung fast to the neck of Britannia. Some financiers say, and with some slight logical reasoning, that this monstrous incubus is the salvation of England, and it is so in the following sense : -" We know that Mr.-, a shop- keeper, is in fact insolvent, but he must be kept on his legs or we ourselves are.ruined, so that, we must support him !" But let England '.be visited with revolution-and from all appearances such climax is not far distant what then becomes of her national debt ? Will a republican government sanctionthe debt incurred by a monarchial government ? Why the national debt'is the very clog to national prosperity-it is that which keeps 'the poor starving, and allows Uhe rich I to live in luxurious splendour. There are comparatively speaking no national assets to meet the great claim. If the English I could find purchasers for nil the British crown's wealth, only a few- millions could even then be raised amounting perhaps to some fraction of a farthing in the pound for the various creditors. England's wealth is all ideal. To keep things as they are is the great aim of the ministry. They cannot decrease the debt, but the people neverthe- less are increasing in knowledge, and are beginning to consider it unjust that they , should starve to pay the interest of debts of generations long since passed away. It is ' exactly on all fours with a mnn leaving his children and grandchildren no real or per- sonal estate and effects, and yet calling upon those descendants to pay interest on monies foolishly squandered by himself-it is un- just, it is unreasonable ! True the crash will involve ruin to numbers when it does arrive, and come it must! The question should however be met broadly. Would not the wiping away of the debt ultimately benefit as many millions ns it will injure hundreds? All England now depends upon is her credit-if that be once shaken she is indeed ruined. What would some of our colonial bank share-holders think of a statement Ilka the following, when it is openly admitted that including the seven millions discounted-supposing the paper to be all good-yet even then the assets of the Bank of England are only equal to two thirds of the liabilities of the establishment -in other words, were a rush to be made for specie, there would not be ten shillings in the pound for the creditors, for there eie onlv in reality twelve millions of assets to pay twenty six millions of liabilities, or notes in circulation: - The following is a comparative statement of the circulation of the Bank of England with that of the corresponding period of last year : Jan I, 184«. Jan. 2.1847. Notes i»sued .£25,790,820 ... £28,258,260 Seven-day and other bills. 805,364... 901,139 Total issued . 26,596,184... 29,159.399 Deduct notes in the banking department 7,865,830 ... 8,227,085 Total in circulation... 18,730,354 ... 20,932.314 Total amount of specie held in both depart- ments of the Bank ..£12,404,250 ...£14.951,572 Tho above exhibits a decrease in the present circulation of £2,201,960, and in the bullion of £2,547,322. Well may the Times and the other hire- lings of the government endeavour to pre- serve peace and quietness. Well may the writer seek to persuade the poor that tiley had better put up with starvation, than have bread by means of revolution. W hen the pooi starving population obtain food as they before long will do-then will the aristocrats have to obtain their own living -all men are, and were, and ever will be equal to each other in the eyes of the Almighty, and it is indeed wordly sin and wordly corruption that have overwhelmed the rich with unnatural comforts, and de- prived the poor ol' natural food ! WE have received the draft of the " Toll- bar" Act. Our contemporary the editor of the Brit minia is opposed to the tax alto- gether, and is at times somewhat crusty with others if they will not agree with him on the subject. We have said it is no use kicking against the pricks, and that as the Doubts' Bill removed all doubts, any oppo- sition to what the Legislative Council has done or may do, is absurd, and therefore we give in, and take for granted everything must be correct that the Council does - that is, according to the law of this Demo nian lund ! If taxes are necessary, the best are those which fall more directly on the individual immediately benefitted. It is no use saying that indirectly the toll-tax falls upon the people, because the articles paying the tolls have to be paid for by the people, for every tax is directly or indirectly derived from the same source. As to the tolls, more particularly for the maintenance ot the roads, fully one third of the receipts will be derived from those travelling on pleasure, and every luxury, whether that of lolling in a carriage or anything else, should be taxed more than absolute necessaries of life. There is very little in the Act before us. The surplusage of money raised above what may be expended upon the roads, is to be appropriated to the streets of Hobart Town and Launceston. Having lent our Main Hoad Act to a friend, who is pro- verbial for a bad memory when he has bor- rowed anything which should be returned, we are unable to decide for certainty, but fiom the Draft act before us, it appears | there is nothing to prevent an individual, who has land adjoining the toll-gate, from forming a cut through his own land to avoid the gate, and himself setting up a half-price" pike;" neither is there any dis- tance from the gute specified at the arrival to which the cattle and vehicles should be subject to the toll ; so let us suppose a case for the learned fourteenth of February to give his opinion upon : A, is riding on horseback, and brings up his horse ni the gate, so that the horse's girth is in n line with the posts. The tollman applies for the rate. A, civily tells him " he wishes ho may gel it," and backs his horse and returns from whence he came. Opinions required-us to how the toll collector is to levy the rate? Can he sue iu the " Lil tie Go ?" and if so how much would the half, mun und the half-horse be answerable for, seeing that the one-half had'not passed the prescribed boundary, and if, a verdict be obtained, is the fore part of the horse and half of the man to be levied upon, or is the whole man and the whole horsp, saddle, bridle and all, to be subject to the claims ? As public writers sometimes say, we pause for a reply, but knowing our Valentine we shall do nothing of the kind.1 So he need not trouble himself in sending us his answer ! _ '_ ' *"' ' A HOST alarming and I'rightfulattempt is in embryo, of establishing a new practice jin the Criminal Law, the most dangerous that was ever heard of. It out-Herods all the most villanous practices of all the ,no , tor ¡pus Old Bailey lawyers, and if admitted as a precedent in our Supreme Court, no Wn will be safe in the colony, nor will a like grievance be found in any of the Courts of Great Britain, or in uhy of her colonies. it has cometo our knowledge ibu a preli- minary .step has already been taken, prepa-"; rator'y to filing a crimihbl information against an individual of this city for utter- ing a forged order qr.cheque for payment of money. These proceedings originate in a case where a charge was openly made against an individual who sometime since was charged with forgery. The accusation was thoroughly investigated and sifted b'y 'the Police Magistrate of Hobart Town, who transmitted the evidence and documents relating thereto to the Attorney- General, who is de facto the Grand Jury. In his judgment on perusal of the evidence, in which no doubt he found a deficiency of legal proof, he declined » presenting an information, and returned the papers to the Police Magistrate for further proof; but it appears he had collected-all the evidence that it was in his power to obtain. Whilst the charge of forgery was attempted to be established, the accused individual lind all the horrors of the civil side of the Court arrayed against him, and was capiased and held to heavy bail on a civil action arising out oí the very same charge, and is now incarcerated waiting the result of the civil action. It is true that the evidence that might fail to prove the forgery might however be sufficient to prove the* uttering, for it is seldom in like cases that the for- gery can be proved, and most informations are founded on the utteiing. But if the Attorney-General has conscientiously dis- charged his duty in this case, the charge has sunk into nothing ; for upon the evi- dence it was the Attorney-General's duty, if there was any reasonable ground of accu- sation, to draw the information, firstly charging the party with the forgery, and secondly, with uttering with intent to definud. But it would appear that the charge having been ma-le for the forgery, and the bill ignored, that it is now attempted to revive the case by obtaining the-inter- ference of another magistrate, who is indeid no lawyer, but «ho has inconsiderately and unwittingly lent his name to a fresh pro ceediae, under an apparently fresh com- plaint, but which is in reality the same under another guise. If such a mode of procedure be tolerated, who will be safe from the malice of his enemy, or the inge- nuity of a wicked and mercenary lawyer or his jackall, characters with which the colonists are unfortunately too well ac- quainted. If such procedure be permitted, why then, no man's life is safe, for the Attorney General cannot refuse to allow his name to be used in a criminal informa- tion, if presented to the Supreme Court, whether the chaige is malicious or not ; so that any miscreant may, if he choose, con- spire with others to trump up a capital charge against any individual, and sup- posing the unfortunate should escape from ihe conspiracy, his only remedy for redress would be in proceeding for a malicious prosecution or conspiracy. Surely, the new-fangled and wicked practice will never meet with the sanction of the Supreme Court.-Communicated. [We do not see what the crown law offi- cers can do in the matter, unless they bring forward a Bill to empower civilians to sit as Grand Jurors. It is only a lew numbers back that we went fully into the subject, and pointed out the e\ils, and showed the ! absolute necessity of such an enactment. But what is the use ot the public suggesting i anything to their servants ?, The latter are the riders, and will do what they please with the mules they »re striding under them. The crown law officers, when their private practice will allow them so to do, must attend to what the head tin-mnn j requires. As to anything like a law that 1 may be beneficial lo the public being taken into consideration, why that may remain unnoticed altogether. All the people have to do is to deprive themselves ot necessaries of life, in order to pay the exorbitant salaries of the lucky state paupers, who have " by hook or by crook," sneaked into their various offices. In a finnie number we intend to offer a few reniaiks respecting the shameful system of allowing the crown law officers to tak» private practice.-ED.] BY the arrival of the Montauk, English intelligence has reached the colony up to the 6th May inclusive. France'was tran- quil," and the candidates elected very nearly as anticipated by the Fresse some time previously. A battle on a small scale had taken place at Dassenbach between the Wurlemburg troops and' a column of Ger- man workmen fiom France about a thou- sand strong; the Wurlemburgians killed about a score and took two hundred pri- soners. The king of Naples has declared war against Sicily. The 'Patria, of Flo- rence, of the 24th April, says:-" A letter from Vicenza announces that Austria had proposed to Charles Albert to cede Lom- bardy, on the condition that the Pied mon tese troops should not pass the Minuio, to which Charles Albert, replied that he did not undertake the war to conquer some provinces, but to free the Italian soil from the presence of a foreign power." In Gal licia, on the 27th, ".the Austrian soldiers had seized n certain quantity of arms at the shop of a gunsmith, when the Poles wrested the guns from them. A fight took place, in which some men lost their lives. Soon alter, the troops occupied all the public squares and thoroughfares, and fired, during a long hour, upon a crowd almost unarmed. Ï he people, however, got mas- ters ol the principal squnie, and the soldiery retreated to the citadel, from which bombs were thrown on ihe town. . Fire broke out on two different points. In a moment a vast number of ua'riiciides were erected. The much-liked Count Castiglione tried in person lo quiet the people,- and at the h»ud of his stall'spoke words of peace to the mob; but he was fired at from the windows of n neighbouring house, and wounded ia the face. Count Moltke undertook immediately the command in chief, and ordered the troops to fire. ' A horrible slaughter took place from this moment. The Jtown was bombarded "during"three hours, .until the people cried'for merty. The town capitu-' lated ; the insurgents and such ofihe Polish emigrants as, remained after the, conflict, threw away their arms'-and fled.from the town. It is said the soldiery bud ten men killed,.and forty wounded , .Order was re- stated at the dato of) our,last news," Ire- land is in a. fearful state, In addition.to ithe general enmity tp England, .a dispute thad taken'place between the Old and New (Ireland parties. ' -This has'been effected no doubt by the emissaries of the' British Go- vernment, so that by making tile two parties war with each other the Government will more easily conquer the victorious. 