To the Editor of the Melbourne Argus. SIR-In these days of superstition, when crosses and relics are objects of particular veneration and religious regard to those calling themselves Protestants, but who, except in outer observance, are little, if at all, removed from the followers of, and adherents to the "Great Whole of Babylon," and a time when hints respecting any of their church's ceremonials may be considered interesting, if not valuable, in this little community, now that the arrival of " His reverence the Lord Bishop will afford her the means so opportunely of display- ing all her hitherto hidden trophies and symbols in the consecration of St. Peter's, or the "Church of the Cross." I beg leave respectfully to submit for her observance on the occasion the following formula used during the reign of Charles 1st by Archbishop Wand, at the consecration of St. Catherine's Church, and which would answer admirably, and be equally as serviceable here or elsewhere, in the consecration of any other Church. " When he (Archbishop Land) approached the west door, a loud voice was heard, exclaiming, * Open, open, ye everlasting doors, that the King of Glory may enter in.' The gates were instantly thrown open, when the Bishop entering, fell on his knees, and with his eyes and hands upraised, exclaimed, ' This place is holy, this ground is holy in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, 1 pronounce it holy.' In his way to the chancel he several times took up an handful of dust, and threw it in the air; he bowed frequently at the communion table ; he with his attendants, walked in procession, around the Church singing psalms she repeated a form of prayer, and pronounced these words with a loud voice, " We consecrate this Church, and separate it unto thee as holy ground, not to be profaned by common uses.' Stand- ing by the communion table, he solemnly anathematised all who should pollute that sacred place and poured forth benedic- tions upon those who had contributed to build and adorn the edifice. In the course of every curse and blessing he bowed towards the east, and cried, ' Let all the people say Amen.' After the sermon he proceeded to administer the sacrament; in advancing to the communion table he, made several genuineness, and bowed seven times very low to the bread and wine. Having lifted up the corner of a cloth that covered the Eucharist, he dropped it suddenly and retreating three paces, bowed three times almost to prostration. Then he advanced again, uncovered the bread, and made another profound reverence. The same ceremonies were observed, in uncovering and taking up the cup that held the wine, and he himself having communicated, administered the sacrament to some of the bystanders. Trusting that the length of my letter may not be the means of preventing its insertion, I beg to remain, . . Sir, Yours very faithfully, FIDES. Melbourne, January, 1848. 