THE ROYALTIES. Ws have lately heard very little of the Royalty impost. It is, we believe, in our local Chancery, from which a speedy extrication is impossible; and if it were otherwise, it would not be much more advanced towards success than when it first entered that legal Pandemonium. Congratulating, therefore, the learned Advocate-General on his Well-imagined suit, we turn our firelock upon Jaiger game, in the hope of starting a few feathers frem the wing of the Editor of the London Mining Journal. gentleman has hitherto denounced, unsparingly, the impolicy and illegality of imposing royalties upon South Australian ores ; but, it appears, terrified by the cry of some Cornish ghost, he has suddenly discovered their propriety and applicability. the following observations occur:— In his paper of January 8tb, It was entirely from an oversight that, in the few observations of last week, as to the mining capabilities of Australia, we did not mention the subject of royalties on the ores raised in that district. The original and abstract right of the Crown to these dues has never, upon any authority that wo know of, been disputed—the proposition has never taken that form. Our own observations had reference, not to the right itself, but as to the policy, of immediate'y enforcing it. To us, the right appears to be coeval with the feoffment of the lands themselves. Immediately on obtaining legal possession, all the secondary and household tights of the Crown take effect also—tlie royalty and the sovereignty proceed pari pa^su—the propriety of at once enforcing it is quite another question of circumstances and of expediency. The condition of these colonies, considering their comparative infancy, and the possible insufficiency of their independent resources, calls for a cautious and considerate treatment on the part of the parent state. The Australias, however, have profound elements of prosperity, to which these ancient and partly exhausted islands can make no pretension ; their vast and fertile superficies is a magazine of wealth to them for centuries to come ; and they do not carry any part of the daily burthen of these kingdoms—which must be borne to pay the public creditor, and to continue the public service. Considering thair circumstances and our own, we do not see how they can justly contend for the non-imposition of the royalties—they were clearly liable to them in full; and we think the Government modification of the claim from 15 per cent, to one-fifteenth, is a considerate and liberal adjustment of the subsisting differences. For our part we could more cordially concur in a five-years' cessation of the royalty on home-raised ores, than in their five years' cessation in the colonies. Their suspension there would operate as a direct bounty on their importation into the European markets; and we are not aware that the mining interests at home are at present so prosperous as to justify us in conceding, though to our own countrymen in the colonies, so great an advantage. There is so much pure and unalloyed ignorance of the actual facts in the above, that we almost ashamed to grapple with it seriously. are We may say, however, in the first place, and in justice to the Government, that it never attempted to impose a royalty of fifteen per cent, at all; and the Editor's praise of its generosity because of its modification of that c3aim to one-fi. teenth is therefore thrown away. The latter amount was the only rate ever proposed; and that we are stubborn enough to refuse to pay under no conceivable authority or persuasion at this moment colonial existence. within What our respectable contemporary means by " the secondary and household rights of the Crown" we shall not trouble ourselves very particularly to enquire, especially as no such rights have been claimed here as pretexts for the obnoxious imposition ; and as he is evidently in ignorance that the Crown Lands of Australia are not disposed of under the royal prerogative, but by the authority of Parliament, and subject to definite and clearly enough expressed conditions. Nor are royalties set up for other than purely local or colonial purposes-a tax to support emigration— which the colonists presume to think an unreasonable, partial, impolitic, and unproductive mode of raising money, even for so important a purpose. Xay, what is worse, as a burthen desired to operate for the advantage of the depressed " mining interests" of Cornwall, they cannot, under any circumstances be imposed either on the Burra, the Kapxtnda, or Princess Rogal. The Government has declared these mines aUoqelher free from royalties; and we can find no balm for the wounded spirit of our friend beyond the fact that fifteen per cent, and one-fifteenth are equally the same so far as the great copper mines of South Australia are concerned. 