GERALDINE. A TALEB O CONSCIBNCE. " " VoL. HI. CHAP. XX. GgsAran?sm .continued to dwell with interest on i'thoughts connected with the two departed sisters, and in one of her conversations with the mother-superior, having expressed a wish to learn tlie hidden life of sister Ignatia, the latter assured her, that .the hidden life does not require those fences from the external -world, which were necessary to the character of "sister Ignatia. '! She had," continued the mother superior, " a disposition peculiarly prone to live out of herself, and to depend on others for her happi "ness. You, sister Mary Paula, who are so much -interested in watching the variety of means by which Almighty God effects the sanctification of his creatures, especially as evidenced in the spiritual -Ilves of our two departed sisters, may now receive -edificatiodfrom one of whom I am constantly taking -a silent lesson, and who leads a life morecompletely 'hidden -than even sister Ignatia; or to speak more -correctly, she leads a more supernatural life; for, in the midst of exterior occupations, her soul is in peace; nothing ever troubles her, because nothing unduly interests her ; andwhether an arrangement \--succeed or not, as she knows that in the end God \- must be equally glorified, so is she equally and calmly pleased; for she dwells on earth but through necessity,--her heart-is in heaven. This holy in. difference to everything that is not God,.produces an evenness of demeanour and of temper towards all. Many of the sisters have advanced far in this blessed -?cience of the interior life, but none so perfectly as our mother-assistant. ' " The mother-assistant !" echoed Geraldine,a little disappointed ; " to own the truth, dearest reverend nother, she has not interested me at all." " Sise -does not wish to interest you or any one," replied the mother. superior, smiling, " she wishes to Vbe hidden with God; and you see how well she has succeeded." " I shall with great satisfaction hear more," said our heroine, " for, beyond the general edification -she gives in common with the-rest of the sisterhood, I cannot recall a single word or deed of the mother :assistant, by which I should derive profit.". "She has not been called upon to give you edifi cation beyond what you mention," said the mother. superior, still smiling. ".Have you not heard the saying, that' if each one attended-solely to"her own business, the convent would be a heaven-on earth I~ No one enforced this more, when mother- superior,. nd no one follows it more truly now shois under obedience, than our mother-assistant." " I was not aware that she had ever been superior,' said our heroine. " She was not only superior, but at the end of the three years, was re-elected. Previously to being superior, she had been mistress of novices," " Then," said Geraldine, "I understand and greatly admire the silence, the humility, the obscurity of, her life, as it now appears to me. How great the constraint might be over the cheerful harmony of the community, if she were obviously remember ing ' how things were,' during her office of superior or mistress of novices." "The hidden life, to be truly such, must not betray itself." said the mother-superior "' a sister who desires to be truly hidden with Christ it God, should present nothing that could distinguish her. from the rest of the sisterhood. Her manner, her movements, should be so unobtrusive, as to excite no attention; and at recreation, she should endeavour to promote the general cheerfulness rather by en gaging others to talk, than by speaking much herself : and this little stratagem of the humble, our mnother.assisiii ha..s perfectly attained. You will do well' to observe, at the next opportunity. the easy unaffected manner in which she will throw out some little topic for others to enlarge upon, and then retire into a silence that appears not to be such, from the smiling attention she gives to each speaker. To farther appreciate mothier-assistant's spirit of re collection," continued the superior, "you should know, more of her office, which is not only, as the name implies, to give aid to the mother-superior, and supply for her occasional absence from choir and other public office, but it is also her duty to in quire, into and, provide for all the wants of the sisters, which, with some dispositions, might lead to incessant talking and bustle. She alsosuperintends sister Josephine's charge of the clothing for the poor, and the lay-sisters in, the soup and other food distributed to them. She makes out the lists of places to bi visited, and for the distribution of the charity, after it has been submitted to me for approval; and although the bursar has the immediate charge of all the. housekeeping and accounts, she consults with mother assistant in every difficulty; so that there cannot be well imagined a -situation in which the soul is more tempted to distraction and trouble about many things, than in the office held by her, whose tranquillity of soul I propose as a model for all the sisters." -" Mother- assistant is not the only one who avoids speaking-of hlerself," thought Geraldine as she lis Iea-d to these well merited encomiums, from one to whom site had given and contlined to' give her highestineed of praise. ' When mother.assistantwas superior," continued her successor, " her exhortations whether In public *or private, invariably endied in recommending peace to the soul ; and her previous reasoning had been so effective, that it tops rarely that turbulent or vexing. thoughts continued to harass those who had been to her for counsel and comfort. - I have mentioned to you the exterior duties of mother-assistant, that you may perceive, not only that they disturb not a soul that is once settled in holy peace, but also, that you may fully appreciate the humility which prevents her from ever mentioning at recreation or other times, any circumstances relating to her own de. partment. No one would be aware from anything that falls from her lips, that she held any office what ever in the convent. And she might almost be said, neither to be seen nor heard in the midst of -questions and directions of all kinds, so great is the calm-reserve of her whole demeanour; and ob scured and tarnished as a human :copy must ever be of any perfection of the Deity, to her, if to any mortal, might be applied the saying of St. Augus tine, ' always in action, and always in repose.' " T The. feeling or ' principle." said Geranldine, " which prevents mother assistant from ever allud- ing even'distantly to her many occupations, might arise merely from - that instinctive good taste and refinement which'would prevent a lady in the world from introducing her household concerns, but it is from a purer motive, that-of humility; and this' necessity of a pure Intention must hold good in every demonstration of virtue. Otherwise, a sister may:flatter herself she is a lover of silence, when she is only, sullen, very disengaged when she is Svery selfish; and very interior when she is only very indolent." , " Self-knowledge," said the mother- superior, " which is the prepaiation- for the spiritual-life, and receives the foundation stone of humility, is the only security against our building mere castles in the air." " There is nothing I admire more profoundly," said Geraldine, " than a calm state of mind; the extreme and abuse of which, however, would be in dolence and- at length stagnation ; and I love the epithet ' holy,' which is a guarantee that the virtue to which it is prefixed, is protected by divine glace. -Holy silence, the offspring of humility, and of the loving sense of the presence of God, must be twin born with peace." "For the obtlining this blessed calm of the soul, great and -painful sacrifices may be required," said the mother superior. " but when once established, prayer and watchfulness are alone requisite to pre serve it, and this very watchfulness must be calm." " Exterior occupations and contradictions can no more disturb this blessed peace," said Geraldine, than do the innumerable boats and vessels which glide on the surface of a calm lake; but let interior conflicts arise-spiritual' combats-and where then is the Feace, the calm of the soul ? Must it not re semble that same lakei whose- once smooth andluocid waters are now tossed and foaming, from the hidden tempest nursed within P This calm must surely be a supernatural gift, to be totally imperturbable, and a gift not always granted to the most faithful and holy souls, which are often tried by interior anguish through the whole of their spiritual life." "The higher '-region of the soul may rest in peace," said the mother superior, "although the tempest may agitate the inferior part. and she will calmly suffer this purifying process of interior tri butlation; for the peace which she has attained, and hopes to "regain, she desires not for-her own conso lation, but for the glory of God; not that she may enjoy rest, but that she may be enabled to contemplate and adore, without hindrance, the divine perfections, and become, in that contemplation, moulded to His image. WVhile, therefore, tempta tions andl anguish assail the soul, till she is appa rently overwhelmed by them, and may, like Jonah, exclaim, 'All Thy billows' and Thy waves have passed over me....lI am cast away out of the sight of Thy eyes,-sho adds, with the same prophet, ' but yet I shall see again Thy holy temple ' " " There is a state in which the soul would be more apt to lose her blessed peace," said Geraldine, " than even under the trials and temptations we have de scribed. 'It is that, in which her calm seemsato be sunk into a total indifference, not only to earthly, but to -heavenly things ; and she, calmly it is true, but stupidly, pursues her way, more vegetating than alive; admitting every truth of religion in a dry abstract manner, without a single emotion of gra titnde or joy. In this state, when spiritual sloth must so reasonably be dreaded, it appears to me, that the soul, in rousing from it, and in dread of its.re currence, would be in danger of a violent reaction, and loselher holy calm in the effort to escape from tepidity." " The life of faith is. a life of humiliation and mortification:' replied the mother-superior; " and the soul in the state you describe, is undergoing the trial of that faith, without any othler light or support that she can percewe. Shie lhas to force her appa rently cold heart through all hIer religious duties, without experiencing any reward for her fidelity, in the sensible emotions of hope and love; and, as you justly observe, tlhere is danger of her fearing that she has lost them, and of mistaking this aridity for sloth. But let her continue faithful to every duty, and sloth will not be permitted to steal over hIer in tie gu-ise of holy calm. She is beloved of God, although she cannot perceive lt; and loves Him more in this hour of desolation, than when she the most rejoiced in her emotions of ardour and tender ness; let her continue watchful and resolute, and she neetl not quit her holy calm for an artificial state of anxiety and care." Geraldine, after this conversation, felt much com forted and encouraged. She had justly considered the case of Sister Ignatia as extraordinary, and not to be expected; yet, it seemed to authorise her belief, that to be fenced from exterior things was tice only means by which the soul could enter into com munmelon and rest with God; but she now perceived, that when the soul has once arrived at the contem plative life, exterior employments do not molest her; for the soul has then gained that power of attention to God supremely, which prevents the inferioratten tion given to creatures, from disturbing her blessed peace. God being not only the principle of all hIer actions, but absorbing all her superior faculties. She then becomes suspended from creatures in the will and aflections, and united to the Divinity, so as to be even lost to herself in Hit truth and love. It was with this desire and ambition, that our he roine entered on the two monthis' preparation for her holy profession. Her ardour was not abated;' on the contrary, it was more intense than when she entered on that for her reception; but it wais now silent, calm, little to be perceived by others, and re quiring not the human sympatlhy heretofore so essential to her happiness. Shie had, during the year and a half past in her noviciate, considered the truth, and fully embraced it, that the noviciati is the precious time for acquir ing knowledge of spiritual thIings, and of attaining to suchl a dregree of ceontemplation, that the exraterior affairs which would surround her after her profes sion, might be as though they were not. She now took a review of this period, during which tile two essential parts of the contemplative life,-mortifica tion and prayer,--had been her study. Mortification, or renunciation, which comprises all thosetvirtues of patience, humility, and temperance, by which we din to ourselves; and prayer, by which we unite with God. This retrospection was calculated to inspire her with humble confidence that'God would continue the good work begun in her ; and while she resolved to co-operate faithfully with the grace vouchsafed her, she was desirous not to force on her way beyond the leadings of the Spirit, remembering," that the spiritual part of the soul should have the sawe pa tience with the sensitive part, that she would exercise towards another person." In the retreat which Geraldine had now entered upon, a greater portion of her time was dediciated to mental prayer; which consists of meditations on those subjects which were most suited to her state of preparation. Thus, the early days of it were dedi cated to contemplating the perfections of the Deity, and the benefits conferred on her by having been created for an immortality of bliss, by her preserva tion and redemption, andnthe more especial favours of conversion to the true faith, and a call to a life of religion; under which considerations, the soul of Geraldine was overwhelmed with sentiments of adoration" and praise towards Him-the Holy One, to whom she was about to consecrate herself for ever. Her meditations were afterwards directed to sin, and its direful effects on the soul, as preventing her from giving herself entirely to God ; which, even in its lesser degree, stains and weakens the soul, so as to expose it to temptation,and to grievous offences, even to the danger of mortal sin. Applying these considerations to herself,'she dis covered, by rigid self- examinoation, those tendencies which she conceived most dangerous to her, and as presenting obstacles to her perfect con version and entire dedication to God. The three vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience. which she was about to take, were neces sarily opposed, and offered correctives to whatever affections or attachments yet remained tasprevent her perfect union with God; and, with her soul washed by tears of contrition, through the merits pf her Saviour, it now panted to make an offering of its faculties, its powers, and its whole being, to God, on the altar of faith. Thus was she led, by a thorough detachment from earthly objects, into a fitting state for those meditations which followed, and which principally consisted in contemplating the life and sufferings qf her heavenly Redeemer. First, on the examples which our Lord, in his passion, has given us of a perfect holocaust: the first meditation being on His prayer and agony in the garden, in which mystery sire was principally called upon to consider the voluntary acceptance which Jesus Christ made of his death ; for althoug-h He accepted it at the moment of His incarnation, yet was He pleased to accept of it anew in this soli tude of tihe garden of Gethsemani, and permitted the sensitive or inferior part of His soul to feel the Itterness of that all-surpassing death,-and even to oppose it, saying, " Father, if it be possible, let this chalice pass from me ;" while tire spiritual, or superior part of His soul remained immoveable, and added, " not my will but Thinhe be done." In these struggles and combats of His soul, when all the ignominies, tortures, and derelictions of His pas sion, were spread in foretaste to Hiis mental vision when the blood which had rushed from its natural course, burst foith from all parts of His body when an angel was sent to colnfort His sacred hu manity, He accepted the weight of-human penalty and divine wrath, and entered on the tremendous death before Him. These considerations would make the destined spouse of Jesus; then, after His example,conquer the repugnance which the sensitive, or inferior region of the soul may feel in the mys tical death of her religious profession; and, with a generous effort of love, let the spiritual and superior part accept this death, with all its internal and ex ternal sufferings. Secondly, in following the Divine Jesus through every stage of His prolonged sufferings, in which was realized the prophecy of Isaiah, " We have seen him, and there was no beauty in him. He was as a leper, and one forsaken of God; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with infirmity." With a- heart melted byjthese bitter contemplations, the soul of-one seeking to live only to Jesus, exclaims,', O Lord, my heart is ready ! let my death be like Thine, -consummated !" Pursuing her considerations, sire beheld her divine Saviour triumphing over sin,'death, and,the devil, from whom He gathers all the spoils. Now is the prophecy of Isaish accomplished,-" I will arise, saith the Lord; I will be exalted and extolled, and I will be exceedingly high." Adore Him in this glorious state, and while rejoicing with ardent love, remember, that all this glory is thle fruit of His death. Thire glorious ascension of our Lord presented to Geraldine a blessed contemplation, in which she saw tlat earth cannot delight her who lhas spiritually risen with Jesus Christ, but that shire must seek those things that are above, where Christ sitteth at the right hand of God; for, " where her treasure is, there also must be her heart." Her conversation, likewise," is in heaven," with God and his angels, so as to converse but little with creatures, but reserving herself in interior recol lection and retreat, for spiritual intercourse with the ranhabitants of heaven;.speaking to them often in prayer, that by this communication,separating her self from the earth, she may become celestial. S-Meditating on the coming of tire Holy Ghost, the source and principle of divine life, sie considered how the apostles, after the ascension, withdrew into solitude, there to await the promised Paraclete, or Comforter; thus setting Irher an example of prepa ration, that the "love of God might be poured forth into her heart by thire Holy Ghrost, who is given to us." The consideration of the great work of Re demption .could not but give rise to reflections in Geraldine's mind, on her lost condition by nature;-first, in original sin, and then replunged in actual sin; stripped of grace and virtue, In a total incapacity to good, and violent pro pensity to evil; when, notwithstanding thls deplor able state, God looked on her with the design of taking her for His spouse, saying, "Let her live;" that is, the life of grace- and for this end, when she had forfeited hIrer renewed innocence in baptism, re stored her to His grace by the sacramentof penance, anointed her with tire oil of grace in confirmation, gave her Himself in the adorable sacrament of the altar, and having thus rendered hIer capable of tihe divine alliance, is about to take her to himself in quality of his most dear spouse. Thus ihumbled in her own eyes, by thIe sight of her origin and help lessness, andti filled with gratitude at tire unmerited favours lreaped.upon rher, the anianced soul sighs to think, with how many more beauties and ornaments of grace would she'have been enriched from the same bountiful haud, had she been more faithful to those received, Geraldino was then led to meditate especially on the chief of these graces- namely, on the Holy Sacrament of the body, blood, soul, and Divinity,of Jesus Christ, by which her soul had bceen nourished and prepared for the divine espousals, and by which the celestial life was to be sustained in her soul; admiring the means which God employs to preserve the union He has contracted; and saying with St. Ignatius,.the martyr. " I take no pleasure, in cor ruptible meats, nor do I desire the dainties of the world; I wish only for the bread of life-the bread of God; I desire no drink but the blood of Him who is incorruptible love, and eternal life." (To be continued.) 