C(A P:r Goona HoPE, Fl . 5.-Sir I-Iatrr.ySaitIh' infllence wilh theI Calires has been strikingly manllifested Ittupon several occasiolns, aIllnny of' thlellt atlltdinl to thelir ltremembrance of hilt eleven Years ago, and extollilg his lormlaer acts of l)eit'evolence and trnsting implicitly to hIis professions of good fatllh. I-is progress through thet Soath African settlemllents is quile a trintalllph, lthouagh far from(t ostentatiolns. New townsl andl settleenllts are being formed ; a Caffre poliec has lbeen organised ; andll the most discontented sel lers are liikly to he appleased ly the wise mneastlres of Sir -al'ry aSmllh. The bill for the improvement it Ttable Bay have been read a third titlae, anll preplaratio for a cotlntlelcelntllet were beling mtolle. SWAN lvrvlt.-We have papers from Swan River to the 12th Feb. The Independeat Journal, of Jan. 23, sas, " Intelligence has been received in Perth, daring lthe past week, that at vessel lirotl Itldia (Calcutta we presume) had called in at Lcsiteanult, and ihad sailed again for Van Die. men's Land, for the plrlpose of conveying Mr. Prinsep's stud from thence to this colony. Ii is alsol reported, that by this vessel large orders have arrived for timber, with iltimation that, if wallt of labor precldes ltheir exeeution, Coolies for tihe Ipurpose would be supplied from Indlia.- As to the other portionl of the implortant intelligetnce received by this vessel-the translationl of Mr. Prinseps' atlld from Van Diemren's Lanld to tllis colony, we had before received an inlitimation tlhat such was Mr. Prinseps' intation, but it is still gratifying to Ihave those tidings confirmed. TIhe breeding of horses for the Inldian market, is at toplic which, from the first, has been ipressed-ulon the attention of tile settlers, in this journal. It is atlnecessary at present further to enlarge ulpotn this slubject, save, perhaps, to congratnlate our fellow-colonists; lupon tie translation of so exten, sive a stud as that of Mr. Prinsep's to this colony, Tor snch a purpose." Tie journals of later date make no ftrther mnention of thie subject. The discovery of colpper is rellorted, but tlhe report was lnot contfirmed. Endeavours are being made to dliscover coal in a convenient locality, for the supply of the expected steamter.- The West ern Australia Bank had declared a half.yearly dividend of 12 per cent. per antumt; the deposits oil 22nd Dec., 1847, were £13,574 15s. Od. Tihe trade it sandal- wood is still being proseentted with apparent success in China, and it is supposed the " raspherry-jam" wood will also llecome largely saleable and sufficiently remunerative itn the same market. A CLEAR CASE.-A man was apllreltended a few nights since with a small keg inl his posses sion, of which lhe coutl give no satisfactory ac colunt, and was therefore taken inlto culstody. Uponl reachillng tie watch-house, Mr, Brown, tihe district constable oal duty, recognised the cask as his property, but missed from it a small tap. The case was rendered complete ilpon searclhing tihe person of the prisoner, by discovering thie tap in his pocket. TilE BUsaIRANGoEIts.-Emu Bay. April 26. Tile bulshrangers made their appearance inl this settlemenlt o the night of tile 22nd instant. They robbed a lhut inhabited by Mr. G. Kay's servant, about hIalf a mile from tile constabale's station, they only took a small quantity of provision andr clothinag. They were well armed and dressed, and seemed ill wery good spirits. Tile facility offered for their eluding pursuit from the denlse scrtlb in this quar ter, will nIo doubt keep them alboat natil they try to get 'a vessel. Tile constables are gathering fiom all quarters, and every exertion is made for their calpture. I hope shortly to give yon tlhe pleasing intelligence of their being taken.-Cor. respondenlt. AN UNLUCKY COsIPL.AINANT.-Son? c titme since Mr. John Guillan preferred a comnplaint against a prisoner in his employ, and he was sentenced to tile mill. Ott Monlday a ticket-of leave man complained of Mr. GOillan for non tpay mneat of wages, and stlthpaned lthe other naana from tihe i-lill as a witness on his behalf. The cast. against Mir. Gaillan was disnismissed, and after it was decided tihe complainant requested ipermission to present his former ftllow- servlatt, who was confined in the cage, with a loaf of bread. The permlission was granted, and upon examning the loaf, there were found inside four figs of tobacco. A charge of misconduct was then preferred againsr tile generons donor, and le was seatenced for two monthsa to tlhe roads. PuNCHt IN PARLIAatIENT.-Condition af Ir-. Iaad.-sMr. Punch rose, antd said :-Sir, on the present occasion it is my ienention to treat the holnoulrable houlse with extreme mercy. I do nlot plopose to speak above half-a-dozen sellltectes. I cannot give a silent vote s(au tile ameasure intro. ,ltaced bly tie flight Hon. Baronet, for the pacifit cation of Ireland. I ant aware that thle measure introduced by tihe lighllt hon. Blaronet will cost this house tihe life of the distinsguished memtler far Kilkenny (O'Connell) ; bt, sir, this is not a? tiaae that tile Ionse slionld scruple to make aany decent sacrifice. WVhei this Coercion B13ll (Cries of " No!--N2o ")-I repeat it, Coercion Blill-tshall have received the royal assent, thle hon. meatlner for Kilkenny will of course keep his wotrd to iris country, by stoplping his breath. He will die upon the floor-leaving nothing but his ghost to haunt the honse for the remainder of the session. I rise, howaever, to give any cordial sup port to the measure of the Itig;it Hon. Biaronet. I am for eivintg good and just measures to tlhe people of Ireland ; but whilst we give to the poar nod thie sutfferling lviili on'e haud, let 1s grasp the assasslll witl tile oIler. Fiir ilty ownll tart, I do not think tile Right Hol. Baronet has asked lor suflicielnt power. HIe rei,(ries is to enable hiIII to ieL'atre l hoses for fi'e.nrlis. Sir, I think thie lilght HI-oll. Balrollet ilns sloplt very shor't f llthe reImedy. IFrom what wCe hlve recently Iieanld--froln wlhat this house knows of tihe pisteornl Ibltini gs of Archdleacon Ltlffila-1- think the Iost deadly wenl'lpons re 1not olnly to he founlld inI tlhe enhinl of the lensanlt, blut tooe oftenl , in lthe 11pulpit of the prIiest. I ask, sir, is this lleasllle only to re iach the wreltch h Ilo fires the gllll, mlt leave nltonehed thel " iloly" m,1n whose seromon loaded it? ( ('heers.)-PuIinch. MISCONDIUCT OF A DISTIIICT.CoNSTABtLFt. We menlltioned tha t a distrilt.constable tulred Bell had been sentencled for three iontlhs to the toads for aiding in the escape of a prisoner of tihe crolwnl from the colony. Tihe Lienlenantlt Governor ill addtion to tilhe sentence, has ordered Ilis ticket. of-leave to lie cancelled. TilE TulF.--Ol Mollnday a match will conle oft ill Langlforld between Mr. Rose's Sir Robert and Mlr. Gee's Lucifer for £100 asile. SER tON.-A scrmlnn in nid0 of St. John's church Slunday a111l day schools will be preachled on Stin day mlorning next by the Rev. 1'. Rogers. ll.A. HVIIEAT ANDt FTLOn.-Accolntt sales hatve been received of wheat shipped per Gratitude, sohich realised 65s. per quarter. Damaged flour ex Jliorayshire realised £13 per ton. New ZeALAND.-We 1nhave Aluckland papers to 181hI Dlarch. A compnliarative statemllent of the listomts' revenue,ll collecteld at tite several lports int New Zealand, during tile years ended 5111 January, 1847, and the same date 111 1848, is published. The total sum collected during tile ftrmer vperiodl was £10,254, Its. Itd.; and during thile latter, £35,073 8s. fil., slewilng an itlcrease for tile last year over tile formler of £16,468, 2s. 6d. The Auckland increase is. stated at £6,815 8s. 4d., while that of Wellington is pItt down at £9J,182 2s. 4d., but this is owing to the presence of a large naval and military force whicht it was bln11d necessary to maintain at Wellington and 1Vanganni durinlg the past year. The total sumn collected at Aulekland, dtring tile year 1847, atlounts to £17,070 19s. ld.; at Wellington dur ing the same period. £15,551 3s. 2d.--A memlorial to the colonial-office has Ieen prepared, praying that tlhe court of requests-obolished or suspllended by Ilmandate of the Governor-might be againl brougilt into operation as Ileretofore. PAUPERnlsnt.-A few days ago, a 1Mrs. White, an old and well-knlown hand in the colony, ap plied to the police mlagistrate to Iie admnitted to tihe hospital. Shle apllearedl at tile door of the police office on crutches, in a miserably crippled, and feeble state, thie effects of injuries received nmtany years since, when she was speared by tile blacks. Tile hu11sband of the applicant, is knlown to lie a persotl of some plroerty, and earns an incomle amply slfficienlt for the mainteltnance of himself anld wife. Tile poor womlan urgently en. treated thle assistance of the magistrate; ilnt DMr. Tarletonl observed that however worthy an of ject of' otnmiseratioll se might Ibe, it was his dity to see that tile governmllent was nlot ilmpJosed upon01. Her husbaud was able to contribute sometlhing towards her support, and u111pon his underlaking tot do so, lie (Mr. Tartetoll) would recommend ller admission to the hospital. A. few mlinutes after-. owards, the lshanlld appleared at the offile, and pleaded his inability to pay more tilan twoshilings per week. Mr. Tarleton, w1ho seemned wilth mlllch' dliflie?lty to restrain the expression of his indigna. tion at situch codnt, told hilm that lie knew ills circumstane.es could afford mch mttore than tlat s111n, anld unless hie woltid consent tol ipay what was reasolable, lie mtst lie content to see his wife remain in tile slate site appeared. SOUTH AusTRIALIA.-The Pauline from Bremen, had arrived, having left Blretlen on the 17th Nov., with 60 passengers froil Germany, plricipallas mlarried couples and their families. -The Pauline was to be followed by the ship President, with ia large number of German emigrants, chielly of the laboring class. Thile David Malcolm Itrad arrived with seven cabin passengers. allnd 250 governmlllent emigrants.---lr. Clarles Kelham is appointed clerk to the governllent resident, Gnichen Bay. \- The average prices obtailled for the cargoes of Blrra Burra copper ore, per the Appleton, the Cygnet, and the Bleng, were-Appleton, £30 as. 6d1. per ton; Cygllet, £27 Bas. 7d. ditto; Bleng, £29 14s. 6O1. ditto. Tile Appleton's cargo was 370 tons, andt the amollnt realised 'roant it alone. at £30 Os. Od., was more than tile cost of tie 10,000 acres in whichl tile renowned Burra Burra is com. prised.- On Tlhursday, the Oth ultimo, the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, IRomanl clllholie bisihop of Solutl Australia, laid thle ondatioll-stolne of a new and elegant churchl at WVillungn, inll t le presence of a itlnumerous conllcollrse of people. Ont the 21st ultimo St. George's church, Gawler, was conse. crated by the right rev. tlil lord bishpil, of Adelaitle. \- Ott the 5th April tile fiullntilntion-stone of a new chapel was to e laild at Kensington, near the site of tile present blhiing. The cost of erection is to be defrayed enttirely by voluntary contrillbtions, and the friends of voluntaryism intend to make thile clasion an illustration of the triumlph of their principles. A Cunlous CASE AT TIlE SUPItnete COUtT, HOBAtIT TOWN. - Edward 1Vaillwlight was charged with uttering a forged cheque for £7 15s. 411., il.porltling to be sinlned by E. Terry, with intent to deh'alld John Colpe. Fromll the evidence produced, it appears hat prisonler went to Mir. Cope's onl the 23rd1 )ecelnlber, and enll. tered intlo an narranlgelet with Ililn untler tle iname of WVillianls, to take his IIbrewery at Irellnt of £10 piler antllen11. He sltayed and111 had teln there, iid told Mr. Coipe that if he coull chllange it 1 ,hqutie for himl lie would pay £t ill earnest of the ireelldntlt lie had made fto the brewery. MIs'. Copie prodlcced chlange for the check in bank notes, silver, nl ad cheque for £I of Mr. T'. Muar donh's. The prisoner left his hotse, and a short tile afterwards he received a note from prisoner desiring hlim to call on Itlltler & Soin, to have the igreiement drawn lip. 'lhe cheque 'for ;£1 given to rilsoner Iy Mr. Colpe was foind on him, and lhad been ingenloisly altered to £4. A great numller of witnIes?ses weie cslled to speak to the dlentity of the cieqoe ald the prisonler. The prisoner mlade a very long defence aeclsing the whole f' I lie wit noesses of contadletlting each olther, anild endeavotlrilig to eonvnllce the jury thatli he was perfeclly innoceut ; that it was ia conspiraey against him; that a mal named Seller, ghllllt to lie in his jilace, and that lie (plrisoner) ought to lie the principal witness agailnst hint. Twelve wit nesses were then cilled fli"r the defellnie to prove that lie was in town oni the 23rd December, and thlt lMr. Cole must lie mistaken as to the day on which lie went to his house, and as to the time when lie was there, iand also to prove that lie received the cheque from the main Sellers. At the conclulsion of the Attorney General's address, the prisoner submitted that lie has proved an alibi; that lie could not have been at MIr. Cope's on the 28rtd Decembler at the itime sworn to; and that therefore lie must lie acqgilted. His honor said that was a matter of filet which shonli go to the juiy. His honor then went carefitlly through the evidence, pointing out every discrepancy therein. The jury, without retiring from thie box, returned a verdict of guilty. On the ptrisoner being asked by the clerk of the court in the usual imannler, whether ihe had anything to say why sentence should not be passed iuponl hli necording to law, replied in a loted tone of voice, and his mannllter betraying much excitemlent-Yes, I have a great deal io say. I move for anl arrest o'if udgment. I will make a relrellsetatiol to to te Governor. I sait anil inocent mani. Justice has neverreaclhed Van Diemen'n La?idI. The suptiremIe court is a humlltng and tom foolery. Tile altorney-general is a fop l anid yell, Mr. Honre, are no judge. You are a imlbig; and you [to the jltry] are a lparcel of ignorant wretches. Youl lay your hleiids together and fintl an ilnnocent Ittan guilty ;-a parcel of fellows, who I woild n ot have allowed to black my shoes in Entgland. And yell, 1'r. Roblertson, call yourself a mercantile man: yon ouglht to be ashamed of yourself. The prisoner was sentenced to transportation for life. The prisoner here be camne extremely violent, and attenmpted to get orer tile dock to the liar, vowing ventgeance against the attorney-general, but was secured by several javelin-tiien, who forcilly removed him from the dock. On passing the windows leading to the room where the prisoners were confined, lie broke several panes of glass with his fists, anld attelmplted to Ipu1ll down the stove; anld was fillly removed ftonm the court, threatening volleys of ahllse iupon the julldge, attorney-getneral, anld the julr, anid declarinlg that lie wouldl never do itan hour's work that lie would have death.-II. 7'. Advertiser. BlllIOP ]PERIRY AT TItE lIBTLE SOCIETY, GOE.ONG.-In his concluding address his lordship acknlowledged the vote of ilitiaks pIresenited bly the meetirng. He likewise cheerfillly accepted tihe office of platroni of the society, anid anssuredl those presenit that lie wollld lie haplpy at any time to olirwaird the interests of tlie society. He liuen, in reference to somlethlingl which had fallen fromi one of the spleakers, who haid called the ipresbiyterian church ii dissenting place of worship, remarked thlit i this colony noie denominatiion of Christians professed any sullperiorily over the others. iHere there was lno established ciihurch, and therefore, as far as the civil power was concerned, all bodies of protessing Christians stood on equal ground. He, as a llisllop of the mnited chullrcli of England and Irelaind, had no more right to call his brother in tie Lord, tile Rev. Mr. Love, a dissenlter, than tile Rev. Mr. Love had to call him a dissenlter. He hoped that lie never shoitld lie fotunld amlonigst those who exalt thie word of manll, or the traditions of men, above the Word of God.-Geelonig Adrer tiser. I.ECTURE.-Lsst nighlt the Rev. J. P. Gell delivered a lecture to the seholarsof the Gramlnar Sclhol,ont 1 education." The publilic were invited, and there was a very fair attenidance. Mr. Gell addressed himself principally to tihe ijlvenile portion of the auldience, and hiis lecture though elementary was listenled to with pleasure, alnd followed by applaulse. SYDNEv.-Papers by the Catherine are to 91O nit. RIr. Wetllworlth's resolntions ont " exilism" all passed.- The Australian says, " We have again been visited with somie heavy showers. On Mltonday evenliiig, and durinig Tuesday, a great qiantity of rain fell. Similar effects and indica tiolns have been oblservable in the neighllbourhood of Sydnley, andll in some of the towns and localities along the coast."- Neew Insolrelut.-Goodnian Hart. of Mlartlant, district of Goalburnte, inn keeper. 