PENROYSTETH CASTLE.-t- LEGEND OF TERROR. AN ORIGINAL TALE. I was born in 18II, on the eve of the battle of Waterloo, although nowhere near the scene of that memorable contest. Ajmeer, the Isnost central station of India, having over looked, withitsthrice sanctified minarets and pagodas, the roof beneath which I was ushered into the world. My father, Colonel Berkely Wagstaffe, then in command of a dragoon regiment, dying shortly afterwards of a malignant fever, I was taken by my sur viving parent, the Lady Alicia, to England, where 1 was received by Sir Greville Wag staffe as the heir presumptive to the immense estates- of Penroysteth Castle and Domain, lying in the county of Cornwall, and of the ancient baronetcy attached to those pos sessions. My mother, who, as Lady Alicia Gisborne, daughter of the Viscount HaSbury, had allied herself at the age of sixteen to my father at the age of forty, although still young and beautiful, preserving her widowed state, gave herself up entirely to the care of my nurture and education, in the fond hope that an extinct peerage intthe Wagstaffe family might be revived in my favor, through the joint means •of influence and wealth, and the strawberry 3eaved coronet of my ancestors might again encircle the brow of her only and darling son. I received my early education at the at tractive College of Harrow, passing the va cations at a pretty country seat bequeathed to my mother for her life, by her departed hus band, but on reaching my sixteenth year, I was removed to the splendid mansion of my grandfather, where Lady Alicia had been anvited to take up her abode, and my subse quent training in arts and arms confided to a Dr Emanuel, a gentleman of Hebrew descent, :but of the Christian profession; and thus sur rounded with every means of luxury and happiness, I passed the time until the period appointed for entering on the usual circle of santinental travel. Previous to this, however, occurred the solemn and strange events which it is my im niediate purpose to leave upon record. I said that I had every means of happiness within any reach, hut nevertheless, unalloyed enjoy ment of early life, as in many other cases, was not destined to be mine, and the thorn brier in my path was a domestic in the em ployment of Sir Greville, a man who acted ostensibly as his valet, but really as major doom of the establishment. Unquestionable as were the position and prospects of Lady Alicia and myself in the Castle to which I was the heir, yet so complete was the mastery that this cold, caustic, impenetrable man had gained over my grandfather, that nothing could take place without his being consulted and his acquiesence obtained. Lady Alicia could not get the family coach for an airing, -nor I my saddle horse, dogs, gun or fishing rod, for an hour's amusement, without his nasty temper was in some way propitiated; every servant but one was at his nod or beck; to him they owed their situations, and upon his favour alone they retained them, he had surrounded his master with his own de pendents, and contrived in every, the most trivial matter, to have his own way and ad vance his own interests. His jealousy at the introduction of myself, Lady Alicia, and Dr Emanuel into the house, where no mistress had been seen for twenty years, and no one had hitherto divided the sway with himself, knew no bounds, and every system of annoy ance short of absoluhite rudeness, was practised towards us all, but particularly to myself. Naturally of a high spirited and independ ent character, I determined to wage ceaseless war with this bugbear of my existence; vowing in the heat of my indignation, that either he or I should be wanting at the castle, before twelve months had passed over our heads; nor was I without allies against Stafford (such was his name,) for Brierly, the butler and his son Jack, an under game keeper, were his sworn enemies, and owed the retention of their places to the forty years' servitude of the former, in the responsible situation which he held in the household. By their means, I resolved to obtain my end, and the narrative of the events which fol lowed my determination, will show the nature and extent of my success. Mr Staf ford being of Scotch extraction, pretended amongst other amiable qualities, to an extra degree of presbyterian sanctimoniousness, and failing to find a preacher after his own heart, in the national church, succeeded in introducing on the estate, an Independent dissenter, who was not only allowed to es tablish himself, amongst the mining laborers of the domain, hut received an annual stipend .from the liberal purse of Sir Greville. To this place of worship, the Major Domo used regularly to march on every Sabbath morning, followed and surrounded by the whole septof those Caledonian menials, whose services he had dexterously substituted, in the place of the simpler -but less flexible domestics of Cornish breeding. At chapel, he acted him self as precentor, and occasionally exercised the gifts, as he termed them, of prayer and exhortation; never failing, however, to exact the most rigid deference to his person, as welt from the humble miners, who attended, as from his own domestic companions ; while at -home, he displayed an exclusiveness ofdispo sition, and established an espionage that was perfectly intolerable, ever to the most servile of his creatures. A few months after my arrival at Penroy steth, one of the poorer servants obtained the privilege, of having his daughter placed upon the serving staff at the castle, through the influence of Stafford, under whose patronage it was announced the family had been taken, with a view to bettering their condition and pushing their fortunes in life. Lucy Deacon, when introduced to her new sphere of occu pation, was about fifteen, a pretty demure looking creature, whose exemplary attendance at the meeting house and Sunday school, had gained her, I presumed, the favorable notice of her patron. She was placed by his in structions under the especial care of Mrs Heath, the housekeeper, and it was intimated, that on no account were my casual visits to that quarter of the house to be encouraged. It may easily hie imagined that this gratuitous piece of impertinence, was the most effectual way to put a youth like myself upon conduct the very opiosite to that which was to be so carefully guarded against. I made it in short, a roint, to find needless excuses for visiting M3rs Heath's sancrtn, and seducing her ward into a flirtation, hut irnulinlg, after repeated trials, that the little maidenr, aoth when under the eye of the housekeeper, and when alone with myself, was not only invariably staid and respectful, but seemed to be distressed by mny foolish attentions, I had the grace to alandon this line of attack. and fall back upon other resources of a;s:rcss:on. Things were it: thils position, when my seventeenth birthday aIri,,.di, and by the per mission of Sir Greville, I u? i:.ed a nulmbler of my old schoolmatee at hlarrow, to join in the festivities of the week, set apart to com memorate this important event. The first two or three days after our set had mustered, were devoted to tho.;e pursuits which boys particularly coet. Urder the charge of careful gamekiceevrrs, we sasllied uit one dlay, to whip the neighboring stream for trout; the second, we ransacked the ie.:eerves for phea- I sants and woodcocks ; a third, we rode about I the <rounds, and held cricket or archery matelies ; and on the fourth, we drew the warrens and covers, and coursed with the best greyhouids of Penroysteth and the neighbor hood. On the fifth, we joined the elder guests at a magnificent pic-nic, and in the evening took our parts in the gaieties of a ball; this, indeed, was the gala day, being that of my nativity, and the following day being the last of the week, the company broke up, and took their departure for their several homes. Three or four of the senior class, amongst my own companions, were detained at my requestover the following Sunday, but we passed the Saturday morning in sauntering over the house and grounds, in a manner that evidenced the ennui which the contrastofextreme quietude to extreme excitement naturally occasions in the overstrained and undisciplined mind. In a sheer fit of idleness, we lounged down into the basement story of the building, and carried our restless search over every room of the servants' department, from the store-roomn ann scuuery to use servants uaLui iLLr uucLLr pantry and housekeeper's room. In the last, we found Lucy engaged in arranging the furniture, and led by myself we began, with all the precocious faculties of bay-men, to make love to Mr Stafford's protegee. Judge of my surprise, when, instead of wit nessing the distress, or at least customary reserve which I had expected on her part, I found her prepared at all points, and able by repartee, look and action, to play the part of afinishedcoquette. Observing her more par ticularly, I saw that her personal appearance had been highly improved in dress, carriage, and manner; she was actually metamorphosed into a fine young woman, with a pair of bold, black, sparkling eyes, and a red full-lipped month, which although rather large, dis played, when she laughed, a set of teeth that glistened like enamelled ivory; her hands were not quite so perfect as a tenderly-bred lady's, but the skin of her face was clear, although dark, and suftuset with a damson colored bloom that a duchess might have envied. Out of the pleasant understanding, I however, which we had established, with the beauty of Mrs Heath's sanctum, we were sud I denly roused and put to flight, by theentrance of the pragmatical guardian of the young lady, the gossy stareofwhose eye, and whose lthen el physiognomy effectually neutra lize all onr fun, and sent us off in search of old Brierly, upon wihom we had agreed to call, to assist in making fireworks for that evening's contemplated display. We found the butler busy, under Sir Gre ville's instructions, superintending the clean 1 ing out of a suite of apartments, which had neveer before been entered by myself, nor to my knowledge by any inmate of the place. Catching at any trifle, wherewith to amuse ourselves, we commenced gambolling through these rooms, criticising the antique fur niture, and making the cobwebbed walls and ceiling ring to our boisterous laughter. This natural escapade however was presently and formally checked by the appearance of the old domestic himself, who assured us of the displeasure with which my grandfather would view any unseemly exhibition of hila rity in a place sacred, as we understood him, to the memory of the dead. This announce ment having eventually restrained the effer vescence of our spirits within due bounds, our curiosity expended itself in a series of ques tions as to the meaning of Brierley's caution. Who was the dead, and what the nature of his end? It turned out to be one of those generic stories so frequently found attached to old houses and families, especially amongst an ill-educated and superstitious peasantry, of dark deeds and darker characters, whose shadows, long after their day, rested upon those stricken walls, and either consigned them to the ominous solitude of the grave, or left them in the sole possession of those rest less and unembodied spirits, who, according to tradition, still haunted the scenes of their former guilt. After the lapse of nearly a century, the wing, in which these apartments were situated, nas to be re-occupied; but it was plain to see that neither, the butler nor his underlings were at all reconciled to the task imposed upon them, while, with many a mutter and many a whisper or shake of the head, the handmaidens strove to get through their allotted task before the evening shades came on. " By Jove," I cried, " here is an adven ture ; let us he the first to occupy the haunted rooms, the first to greet the ghosts on their restoration to animated society. What say you ?" "Agreed, agreed," was echoed by my com panions, on every side, and what was then propounded, half in jest, was before the night set in determined on, in serious consultation amongst ourselses. As soon, accordingly. as the household was dismissed from evening prayer, we took possession of the largest room, resolving, with the aid of Brierley, to make a night of it, and by the blaze of a cheerful fire, assisted by numerous wax can dies, and a capital supper of cold game and pastry, with some light Rhenish wines, we made ourselves and each other equally com fortable and cheerful. We sat down to the tempting comestibles amidst general jesting and laughter, and with many a toast to the health of the supposed spiritual tenants, we made the time wag plea santly, until within half an hour of midnight, when, drawing our chairs round the fire, we endeavoured to amuse ourselves by recount ing the pleasures, occupations, and exploits of the foregoing week ; the conversation,how ever, began in a few moments to flag, and I saw that drowsiness was fast overpowering the whole party, except myself, the result, as I conjectured, of the late hour and the meal of which they had so heartily partaken. In short, the whole three were, in a marvellous short space of time, nodding in their chairs; whilst :I, leaning back in my seat, saw the fire burning low on the hearth, and the can dles casting their cross flickering' light athwart the various objects at hand, without feeling much inclination either to stir up the one or rearrange the other. I was finally about to sink, myself, into a state of unconsciousness, when suddenly my ear was saluted by a low whirring noise, that sounded as if from some concealed closet within the room, and something like a chain wheel running abruptly down. Roused from my reclining attitude, I gazed around with an anxious eye and a palpitating heart my surprise was increased when I heard this sin gular sound I describe, followed by the dis tinct and deep, but distant boom of a clock; one- two- three- four- five-six--seven eight-nine- ten- eleven-twelce, I heard echoed, now clearer and louder, now fainter and thicker, upon the midnight air without; and I was conjecturing what church was near enough to Penroysteth, for me to hear the note of time so distinctly, when the entrance door ocened and rolled back upon its hinges to its utmost stretch, with a quick but perfectly noiseless motion, and the figure of a fetmale, dressed in deep mourning habiliments, stood upon the threshold ; a mantilla or shawl was drawn over her head, in a manner that caused its saLle colour to contrast flightfully with theg:a: e like pal 'ourofherfeatures; hereyes, fixed e' gleam nt, wers dire ted into the void space of the apart.e:at, nor did they move the slightest in t eir h. llow sockess, as she ad vanced w;th la;parent uncon.c ousness of our presence, wuining her at:e;.u ted hanRdswith the deep st e>p e::ioa of unulterab!e moe ! Rooted to the spot with intense dismay, I stood and looked upon the unearthly visitant as if paralyzed with the terror which parted my lips, caused my tongue to cleave to the palate, and the hair of my scalp to crawl with unmitigated terror; a minute sufficed her to cross the room and vanish through the oppo site door, which rolled in the same mysterious manner upon its hinges, although touched by no visible hand; to afford her exit. As the skirt of her robe cleared the sill, both doors closed w~ith a bang that echoed through the house, and I fell as if struck by an electric battery, to all appearance dead, upon the hearth. The combined noises which I have men tioned, startled my companions from their slumbers, when they beheld with affright my prostrate and inanimate form stretched upon the floor, inor sas theii alarm decreased when on stooping to raise me in their arms, they observed mry white shirt front and collar bathed in blood. To this circumstance, per haps, I owe my life, for the congestion of the brain under which I was laboring, was re lieved by a copious discharge of the sanguine stream, which in a few moments was dis covered to be flowing from my nostrils. At this juncture, the careful Brierly, who suspecting that wemightfall asleep and allow the room to catch fire, by the fall of a brand from the grate or a candle fromithe table, fortunately made his apbearance. Snatching me up, and followed by the bewildered youths, who as they could give no explanation of the occurrence, were wisely despatched to their respective beds, he carried me to my own room, and called up MAr Emannel to attend me. My tutor, learned himself, in medical science, ascertaining at once that my system must have sustained some inexplicable shock, treated me accordingly, and as a state of col lapse supervened, immediately applied such stimulants as were necessary, until a physi cian could arrive to take his place. ily life was safe from the moment ay physical facul ties were regenerated, but for forty-eight hours I was weak to childishness, and wan dered in my conversation. It does not appear, however, that they gathered from my inco herent remarks, any clue to our adventure or its catastrophe; and as Brierly and the boys were silent from sufficient motives, concerning our Saturday night's freak, I was enabled to keep my own secret, until the appointed time for the development of the mystery had arrived. (To be continued.) 