Of a Ghost that appeared to the Editor. The toils of the day had passed away, Our proofs had gone to press. All weary on our couch we lay, In virgin loneliness ; We had heard the chimes of vanish'd times Ring on our fancy's ear— And the lonely knell of the passing bell Which toll'd tor the dying year. We thought of the breath—now quench'd in death— That welcom'd the last year in ; Of the garland chang'd to the cypress wreath, And of souls that had perish'd in sin; We thought on the joy we had felt as a boy, In lollipops, feathers, and frills ; And we thought with a quake and a dubious shake Of our usual quarterly bills ! Oh ! terrible sight ; a ghastly sprite With a face that spoke of the tomb ! Array" d from the top to the bottom in white— Appear'd in the chamber's gloom. With awful amaze we mark'd its gaze, For remorse to its features clung— And woful and sore the expression they wore, Like a thief coming out to be hung. We shiver'd all o'er, and from every pore Trickl'd the dews of fear— And we uttered betwixt a groan and a roar, " Why, what are you up to here ?— Of murder fell have you come to tell?— I'll print your confession, don't doubt : Or if gold you've bid, wherever you bid, I'll oblige you by finding it out." In a dismal whine, " That's all very fine," The sorrowful ghost replied : " I wouldn't mind standing a dozen of wine, If I had so happily died. But murder is fun to the deeds I've done : I've fed on the brains of my kind— I've assisted the slave to his premature grave, And have pilfer'd the fruits of his mind. " Because in my heart pity bore not a part, Now wretched for aye is my shade," "You're a Yankee perhaps," we replied with a start, "And you followed the bookselling trade ?" " Ah I would that no more could be laid at my door!— Your journal I took for a year— And nicely you're nick'd, for the bucket I've kick'd, Three quarter's at least in arrear !" Like a bullet that's sped, we sprung out of bed, But the spirit made off to the door; Our ponderous ledger we flung at his head, And ne sunk in the ground with a roar. The chamber we clear'd-in the press-room appear'd, With horror and rage in our brain ; And contriv'd to get in this confession of sin, As a warning to those who remain. —Douglas Jerrold. 