Xiocal Intelligence, Important Sai.e on To-morrow. — We beg to to remind the public that " Dcntly Park,'' situate at Brighton, anil containing 72 acres of splendid land, on which is erected a handsome dwelling-house, will be sold at auction by Mr. Kascy, to- morrow, as per advertisement A fortune has been ex pended in improving this property. Goveusmknt Contracts.— Ai a speci men (says the Cort'o Chronicle) of the indi vidual to whoso management the Govern ment Contracts arc submitted, we beg to lay before our rendors the annexed produc tion which we have been permitted to pub lish, in its way we take it to he unique : — fircnr creek may 15, 1848. Mr. akillin, — I am sorrcav to tell you that may nfrerenrs ware Got in such n state that I ' ware nblidg to leave with out nothing I give von notes to sell what bccboitg to me at the Barcntrcnt Bridge and sell all you can nnd devide the money betwcn'nll Hands Mr skillin 1 licit d way matt This important work, the bridge over the Bttrwon, is now nl a stand still, and is likely lo continue so until the arrival of Mr. Lennox, who, though daily expected, has not vet come. We trust that the Govern ment will not permit tho interests of the public to be kept in a state of abeyance through the defalcation of their employee. The men who havo been employed upon this work nre much to be pitied, the late contractor being seriously in arrcar with every ono of litem in sums varying from £10 lo £00 each. We know of lew de partments of the public service in greater need of reformation than the disposing of the contracts for public works. In Vink-o Veritas. — Mr. Kascy will sell a large assortment of grape vines, fcc.. This Day — see advertisement. An Urgent Creditor — Frederick Ward, an itinerant vendor of sky-blue, charged John Bryant with nn assault. Ward said that he had applied to llryant in his shop for a milk score, and was in answer politely told to go to the bottomless pit untl look for it there. Some warm words passed, and the defendant's mother- in-law, who was between them, fell down, and when Ward, with considerate gallan try. stooped to aid the lady, Bryant ran round the counter and smashed his head with a mall. Ward brought as a witness a boy named Gillin, by whose statement both parties appeared to be equally in fnult, and the case was dismissed. - The litigant then changed places, and Bryant swore that Ward on demanding payment called him a wretch' saving he would not go out of the shop until he had punched his nose; he next knocked witness's mother-in-law into the parlour, and cent her rolling on the sofa ;"WaTd aftei 11 1 1 da -struck vritnesv who TfiiJ case was also dismissed, but the bench admonished Ward to keep a civil tongue in his head when he next went to collect his money. Mr. John SteTens and Mr. J. P. Smith were employed in these cases, and each of the clients had the satisfaction of knowing that his opponent's pocket was taxed equally with his own. Extraordinary Feat of Strength— Messrs. Bear and Son, will thii day. at 12 o'clock, knock down eighty head of horse- stock ! (Tide advertisement). A Feminine Sam-er— Thomas Fogartv, of Collingwood, accused Ann Connor with undermining the fonndation of a stone tenement lately erected on his ground, and also charged Ann and her husband with threatening to rip him open, or run him through with a knife, or cut the grey head off him, if ever thev could calcli him on their ground. By Fogarty's statement, it appeared that his neighbours, the Connors, envied tis prosperity, and the woman had maliciously extracted two stone from the trail of his house, which sapped the founda tion, and made the tenant afraid to live in it. Mr. Smith appeared for Fognrty, and said he had visited tho spot, but was com pelled to decamp as the gentle fair one's tongue ran at a rate past endurance. Mr. Stephen was engaged for Connor, and ob jected to the charge of malicious injury, which was dismissed, and tho defendants, whose conduct in court was extremely vio lent, were bound over to keep the peace, each in the sum of £20, and two sureties of £10. Ron for Sale.— The Jlun alone ought to sell the _ catUe (advertised as " Moora Station," this day's Patriot, at a high figure. It is capable of depasturing 10,000 sheep, and is in the 14 years' lease district. The " Moon Mooa Curra" sheep and station will not be sold on Friday next. Caution to Parents.— Within a few days there has been two inqoesls in this city, upon children who have met their death by fire, from want of proper precau tion. On Monday an infant chad, son of a carpenter, named Robinson, residing near the St- George and Dragon Inn, narrowly escaped being drowned in a tub of water, which had been incautiously left at the door. The child fell into the tub, and when discovered life appeared to be exlincL It was directly taken to the Hospital, when Drs. Campbell and Payne made successful endeavours to restore animation, but from the child's debilitated state it was found necessary to let it remain in the Hospiud for the present. A Lunatic Saint. — Daniel Jones, alias Cranky Dan, was introduced to the Court by Sergeant Staplelon, on the charge of disorderly conduct On Monday night, between the hours of II and 12 o'clock, the sleeping inhabitants of Elixabelh-itrecl were torn from the arms of Morpheus, by the wild shouting of Jones, who was in a state of " very far gone," and under the ' ttupiration" poured forth his spirits alter nately in prayer and song. The sergeant stated that the residents of Kl.'.- beui-street had no predeiiction for Dan's harmonious sounds, and several complaints had been preferred against Jones, whom he had warned not to continue making the disturbance. The Court enquired of the prisoner how he got his living. Jones re plied, " I stops at Glenrov, and does jobs." The answer not being altogether satisfac tory, the nightingale was sent to gaol for one month, where he could "warble through an iron grata." Inquest. — An inquest was held on Mon day nt tho St. George and Dragon inn, Lnnsdnlo-strcct, on the body of James Naylor, n child of seven yenrs of age. Tho particulars of the case appeared in the " Patriot" of Monday, the onlv additional fact elicited being that the child was stoop ing to tie his shoestrings when his nigiil clothes ignited. Tne jury returned a ver dict of accidental death. Par Nonn.K Fratrum. — A weekly pe riodical, imitative in oppcarnnco ami some what suj>erior in wit lo Jtunch, hat been ! started bv Alfred Burnt, Esq., under . the title of "A Word with Punch,'' wherein ho most effectively .rubs off old scores between himself nnd his consistent maligncrs, Dou glass Jcrrold, Mark Lemon, and Mr. Gil bert a'Bcckctt, commonly called tho " spoon" of the periodical, and brother to our respected Judge. As the most inte resting, we shall commence with the " anatomy of character" of Mr. G. .s'Beckctt, and only say that we regret, to make the picture complete, that the whole family were not included :— It doth appear unto me, PUNCH, the height of nil absurdity, the essence of eccen tricity, the very quintessence of singularity, for any varlol who has lived lite best part of his life in a glass house, to go about the world throwing stones. Can it he possible that it never occurs to a wholesale dealer in slander and ridicule, that he is liable to be assailed bv tho very weapons ho uscth against others P— that, even if endowed wTth as much perfection as fnllcth to mortal lot, there may be some defects in hi com position, physical or moral; open to animad version ? that, while he is proclaiming the beam in another's eye, there may be a mote in his own ? If there be one person more titan another, in the little village of London, to whom these observations npplv, it is the man I am now about to introduce to my reader. Tbis puppet of yours, Punch, has marked me out, for a scries of years, as es pecial food for his calumnious appetite, as a pet target for the aim of all his ribaldry, From the first even unto the lastof the many vulgar and illiterate pamphlets of which he has been either editor, or principal conductor and is one whose Oliver is particularly en- titled to my Poland. Before, however, 1 dilate upon the genius of the gentleman, let me give the reader a fac-simile of his " hu man form divine : " Here a wood-cut represents the Ivditor of the Terrific Magazine, in the character of " Old "Nick." The likeness is Liken from lire.) X.tw, it may so happen that one who has laboured with all possible industry to himself make celebrated, is nevertheless unknown 10 a large portion of the com munity, and, therefore, 1 «t« bound, from this circumstance, to say as much of him, as I conscientiously can, coupled with the fact of his having long ssid so much about me. One would hove thought, from the simple circumstance of his having been lessee of a London theatre himself, and of the precious mess he made of it manage ment, he might have been lenient to the errors of Ids brethren 5 and that, from the possibility of such a wonderful writer being some fine day detected in scribbling as much nonsense as the rest of his tribe, lie might at least havo refrained from going out of his wsvio disiurt the : acrihldmK or other — t it res, and we, poor derils, must therefore grin and bear it. As, however, (reflexions faites,) it would be utterly impossible for me to give so good an account of the said Giliiekt Abbot a'lil'CKinr, as lie has given of himself, I infinitely prefer adopting his own language, to the use of any of which I may be master. In the year of our I»nrd, 1834, Mr. Sleek- head. in his schedule and petition to the Insolvent Debtors' Court, (llie original of which, to prevent a charge of undue per sonality, any one can tee for a shilling, on applying at the office in Portugal-street,) thus described himself : "Gilbert Abbot i Beckett, formerly of " Hyde-street, liloomsburv, Middlesex, " qentleman ! afterwards anil late of Staples '"inn, Uolborn, Middlesex, proprietor and "editor of certain periodical called ilic " Figaro in Eandnn, and The Wag, having "an office for The I Tag at Temple Bar, " Fleet-street, London ; and also httelv " proprietorofJUc Erant/rlicalVenny Maga- " tine, Dibdin's Penny Trunpel, The Thief, " Poor Jtiehard" s Journal, and The Pea- " pies Penny Pictures : in co-partners " with Thomas Littleton Holt, of Edmonton, "having an office for the publication " thereof at 191, Slr&nd;, Middlesex. Also, " formerly on my own account proprietor of " the periodicals called The Terrific Venny " Magazine. The Ghost, The fjorer, T he ' Gallerg of Terrors, The Figaro Monthly " Eetctpajwr, The Figaio Caricature Gal- "levy and lately lessee of the Fitxroy "Theatre, Fitxroy-street, Tottenham -court " road, Middlesex 111', A very prolific person, this friend of your's, Punch !— editor of thirteen periodi cals, and lessee of a theatre into the bar gain ! and all total failures ! Poetry, prose, wit, humour, conceit slander, sarcasm, and every order of ribaldry going for nothing! Where has been the public taste ? — the peo ple ought really to be ashamed of them selves for persisting in not baying so mueb genuine genius ; ! It is evident there is nei ther gratiludo nor discernment in mankind, or Mr. Slvekheatl and bis slaboerings could not have been treated in tltii unccremonius manner. It is perfectly scandalous ! What ? The Wag! The Thief! The Ghost! The Loner ! nav, oven TTus ' Terrific" Penny Magazine ) and Poor Jlirharde Journal I afl passed over by tho cold and disgraceful hand of neglect!! — why, it is only to bo equalled by what Charles Sur face ays or one of his family portraits: " Here is my aunt Deborah, tcho set such a value on herself, going for half-a- crownl ! 1 " You will perceive, PUNCH, thst notwithstanding the fact of your beauties having occasionally referred to pecuniary matters connected with my management, I do not at present mean to retaliate upon them, and I have therefore purjKisely omit ted all reference to the fiscal question in volved in the foregoing schedule. We are all subject to misfortune, (I have been, for one) and personalities of that description being unbecoming in us all, and especially in a petty litcrarv (!) sqabblc. I shall only resort either to that, or to other matter of an equally direct nature, when your puppet may think fit to assail mc again, nnd then they shall have the full benefit of my parti cular, as well as qentral bombardment. Passing by this little episode, let us pro ceed to a further examination of SleekheaiTs vast attainments, which, by his own account, have qunlified him for the office of censor to the world at Urge. The first time I ever saw Mr. Gilbert abbot n' Beckett, was on the stage of Covent Garden Theatre, where lie took the liberty of introducing himself as one of the nuthors or PuneA s I'antomimc, with the view of superintend ing the rehearsals ! ! Considering tho abuse which for so long a period lie had dono roc the honour to heap upon me, it scented to me somewhat surprising that the said GlL- beut should so far have committed hinisel., nnd equally surprising that 1 did not hare itim committoil — to lite custody of the cantcnters ; but having always understood he liad a patent for modesty, I thought no more of the past, and saluted htm with the respect due lo a man of such eminence, never betraying the slightest symptom of n laugh or a sncexc, Ilis first advance was —by virtue of a request for a private box to see the Pantomime, to the concoction of which he had contributed : well, he re peated the dose, and as soon as the failure of the said " wonder " bccnmc " town-talk," I sntv do more of Gilbert Abbot a' Beckett! Some time time after this, I heard that, icith " rhvmc " but without " reason," Mr, Sleek - heat) had been squibbing me in your pages, Punch, and had nlso made nn impudent nnd trumpery burlctta a vehicle for " keep ing up the ball ! " In the very fiercest mo ments of your puppets' nssaults upon mc, in telligence' spread like wild-fire over the town, that the illustrious Slcekhead afore said meant to edit a Comic Almanack, once per month ; and after ihc publication of lite second number, I was favoured with the following note, from no less a pctson- agethan Sleekhead himself, in his capacity of editor thereof : — " Inner Temple, January 31,1816. " Mr. Gilbert a' Itirkctt prc«ent his eompli" " mcnt to Mr. Dunn, and being desirous 0' "malting 'Don Quixote' tlie opera or " the month in the third number of the " Almanack of the Month — a copy of which U " sent herewith— would feel obliged, if it it per- " feclly convenient to M r. Dunn — but certainly " not otherwite— by a Private llax for the ' evening of Don Quixote's production-" If this he, (instead of is, as Gilbert writ- clh.) not palenUmotlesty, I should be glad to know what tho devil itf 1 sent hack on immediate reply, enclosing the card of n private box. (Here Mr. Bunn is pictured as indulging in "a lunar." OF COURSE! And Mr. Sleekhead and his " Poet" have been (alto of course !) on the best of all possible terms ever since ! ! ! There is tome humour in gilbert describing himself, 'formerly a gentleman," and "afterwards nn editor," (as if the two were incompatible,) _ and there is something irresistibly' droll in hit anxious desire, on all occasions, to locato hit delicate limbs in a private box ; but at 1 ltavc lo deal with still more of his fuu, I shall expatiate no further on this point, but proceed to on examination of bit splendid poetry. Now, Punch, here's n ballad for you— do you call this nothing ? TYby, search through the pages of even' English, or any other, writer, and you shall not find in them such a glorious line at "TAe heart once fixed must still remain and— but read the whole of it, if you value your peace of mind:— "Dear scenes of happier hours, farewell! _ farcwslHy ;ny. . lV, n ; "And u I »y the word farewell ! fare® ell ! Remembrance claims the tribute of my tears. '" Past fortune's sunshine, a It ' GOES, " ' A shade on all the future throws ! ! J ' " Esch spot where 1 have strayed, farewell farewell ! , " From all I lov'd fate dooms me now to part; "But white my lips repeat farewell! farewell ! " Tbr word can find no echo in my heart ! "Yet such adieus are always vain,— '"The heart onre' fixed 'must still' runtaix I ! ! " Now, between you and I, Punch, can you be astonished, after the perusal ofauefa a touch of the sublime as this, at your periodical " going down," at tho Laity A'ews never having "gone up," at the Douglaa's Weekly Newspaper being at a discount, and at nothing in which your three puppets deal, being at a premium, excepting their modesty? The last two lines of each of there verses have something in them bor dering on immortality, if one could but un derstand them ; and gilbert mutt have been inspired in producing the whole effu sion—bearing in mind that charming and original line, " From all J tared fate dooms me note lo part," — by the circumstance of bit hay ing becn compcUcd to take leave of- the thirteen periodicals, already cited, to which he had been so long attached ! But at a poet, even of Sleekhead s genius, may not always be in the rein, let me give him one more chance of vindicating bit right to the Laurealthin, by introducing another of hit exquisite ballads : — , " Take btck thy gift. It was a token, " In happier days thou gav'st ' to me, " Bat since thy vows have all been broken, " Thy gift u» more Is dear 4 to me ! " Though once I hoped with life alone, "This emblem to restore, " Oh, take It back, for now 1 own "Tit dear to me tto more ! " .Twere idle now were I to blame thee, " Fate has decreed that we should part, " For had I new the power to dalm thee, ' I would notitzust thy changeful heart, " Thy lifeless gem reflects each gleam,' " ' Its surface glittering o'rr,' ' « The heart that warm 'nrath each new beam' 14 ' Is dear to me no more ' ! ,' There, Punch, read.— read — and then aav how a pension of £100 per annum can, with any degree of decency or justice, be given to Wordsworth, while the poetical merits of Sleekhead are unrewarded uy Go vernment ? Examine this ballad well — don't be bashful — and after you have ana lysed the delightful rhythm (in the first four line) of " to sne " niul " to inc.'' offer a handsome reward to any one who will tell you Utc meaning of the last four lines ! ; One more of S'rckkra'l'.i ballads, l'fNrit, you must wade through, if yc.u lose me, and then I will fur the prex nt take leave uf him. The subjert i. just now, in every one's mouth, so nothing con.'d he inure op portune; and though I.onl Byron ha writ ten on the subject, and lingers ha thrown hi irresistible charm thereon, not to name J other mighty men, yet I should say your puppet sweeps them fairly out of the field. The ballad, in addition to its strict observ ance of the rules of rhyme ! ! 1 conveys some important information, that no writer lias hitherto made u acquainted with, nnd as such is cspccinllv entitled to respect— eccc sigssum : — " Desrltsly. fsirrst anil soflc«t of climes, " Where Nature tier garden has made, ' Though gone la thy glory of earlier lime, " Thy loveliness never can fade ; " Tho' o'er the world lost is thy sway, " Empire and pow'r gone lo decay, " But while remain thy eharma to thee, " Thou the Earth's mistress ever shall be ! " Thy palaces, temples, and arches of old, "8lill grand in their ruins arc seen. " And by them will ages atili distant be told " How grcsl In thy renith thou'st been. " Though foreign slaves no longer come " Csplivcs to swell the triumph of Rome, "Those who no more yield lo thine arms, ' ' Hail thee still Queen of the. world in thy charms." Your real poets, like Sleekhead, have, very properly, nn utter contempt for men- sure, uclicving ( hibcrnicf ) that when they most violate it, they mo«t preserve its in tegrity ; nnd, therefore, an occasional skip between the octo-syllahic and the alexan drine, is a matter or no moment whatever. Poor Italy ! 1 question whether, from the time " When the proud Carthsgcnian almost won thee" down to the present occupation of Ferrara by the Austrian, thou wort ever in such nn awful plight as thou art herein depicted. A copy of this ballad ought to be sent in- stanter, botli to Pars Plus IX. nnd prince Metternich, with the view ol operating as an impetus to the former to fight up for the " lone mother of dead empire," and to lite latter, to beat a retreat from tho " wide nnd grass-grown streets," where he has lately been kicking up such a row, and in future to pay more respect to— " Which wss the mightiest in its old com mand, " And is" the loveliest, snd must ever be " The muter-mould of Nature's heavenly hsnil, " Wherein were cut the heroic and the free, " The beautiful, the Urate — the lord of earth and pes," at lcail this ivhow Byron sing of it, though I readily admit that Sleekhead beats htm into fits. Open as our nature is to the seduction of flattery, still Sleekhead ought to have known enough of the world by this time lo have drawn Utc distinction " between criti cism and infallibility," and to have believed that although a gtven portion of mankind might be laughing with him, an equal pro portion might lie laughing at him. I can not conceive an easier road lo the obtain- mcnt of a name (if you don't mind what sort of an one it it!) than, after pitching upon so good a nomenclature as your's, Punch, to gel light hold of a first-rate engraver, capable of making jokes and cuts at the same lime, ami as soon at they have pasted into print, to procure insertion of the txat of uicir nmtsense in some 01 the jilislt, if you happen to belong to ono of them yourself) ! By means such as these, did your puppets obtain the notoriety they once possessed, and Sleekhead knows per fectly welt that every syllable 1 am writing it true. He also knows that 1 can substan tiate the significance of the word " ossee," by stating that your circulation has reached 70,000 copies, and that it it not now 30,000 ! that if he and his tribe do not instantly be come much more circumspect, and much more humorous, the said thirty will soon subside into fiitekn, and when that shall take place, " All the king's horses and all the king's men, " Cannot get Ilowrr Dcxrrr up again !" If these fellows will not think of this, PUNCH, you ought to think of it for them, because, should they lose their present chance, they'll fall, like /heir friend, LucirEK, " Nevrr to hope again ! " 