LOCAL NEWS. .HEBREW HOLIDAYS.-The Festival of*JZossT JTa&honaJi;" (the New Tear) was solemnised cm. Thursday and Friday last, by a large body of the Hebrew faith, who assembled in a building (kindly lent by Edward Stephens, Esq., fbr the purpose) at the corner of Tavistock Place. It is customary on those days to blow the " Shoupliar? or cornet, made of a ram's horn, in commemoration of the world being called into existence. But the most important day ia the Jewish Calendar is " Pom Kippur" a Say of Atonement, which commences on Friday evening next, and concludes on the following night. On this day, as commanded in their Holy Law, a solemn propitiatory fast is decreed for the pardon of sin to all who are sincere and devout in their penitence. This solemn fast is held on the tenth day of the seventh j month, called " Tishra" from the evening ol the ninth day till the evening of the tenth day. , During the period of the existence of the Beth Hamikdush (the Holy temple), this " Timi Kippur* was a day that exhibited great so lemnity; the whole nation was fasting and praying; the Holy Temple was attended bf the Priests, engaged in their several dirties \ and the Lévites were occupied in singing thc praises of the Almighty. On this day thc High Priest had most important and sacred duties to perform. It was his province to oftea the various sacrifices, and te submit the confes sion of stn, for himself and fellow Priests, and for the whole of the community, before tb* altar of the Most High God, the Gracious SvtíhfaéÍ mankind. $£e Ceremonies of the day were grand, sa cre4» and solemn; and great was the anxietj of the penitents, who thronged the Courts ol the Holy Temple, listening with devout atten tion to the sounds that issued forth ; and at th« conclusion bf every prayer, when the-iaeflâbti name of the Great God was pronounced by thi High Priest, the whole nation fell prostrate ejaculating "BLESSED BE THE NAME OF Ile GLORIOUS KINODOM FOR EVER AND EVER," And when the consolatory word, "ye er pure?. was heard from the mouth,pf the ffigl Priest, every heart rejoiced and felt relieved, 'At nightfall the people returned home deeply impressed with gratitude to the AI mighty, who had thus again received them inti his favor by granting them pardon for the! sins. In their present days of captivity, theyar deprived of this grand spectacle, yet eocou raged by the soothing expression of the Deitj "And yet far all that, I will not east ike* away, neither witt 1' abhor ihem to destroy thea utterly" they still observe their Holy Laws and although in their present situation, the; ' cannot offer sacrifices, yet in a truly rehgiou spirit, they substitute prayers, fasting, and re pentance, imploring God's mercy to fkvou them pardon for their past transgressions, a» to extend his protection for ever and ever. i Upon these occasions they do not exdud any class of religionists from being present a I their prayers; and we trust, ere long, thatthei intention of erecting a permanent place « Worship may be successfully effected. NEW QUEEN'S THEATRE.-We have mud Eleasure in announcing that his Excellency th lieutenant-Governor and Lady Young, intern honouring Miss Lazar's concert, on Monda evening next, with their presence. We andei .stand the arrangements will be upon aver extensive scale, and a full house maj fa expected to welcome the distinguished patron! The Lord Bishop performed the ceremony « consecrating St. John's Church, Adelaide, o Sunday last. His Lordship was assisted far the Very Reverend Archdeacon Hale, tb Rev. James Farrell, and the Rev. W. J Woodcock, the incumbent, all of whom too part in the service. The sermon, by thc Bi shop, was from the vi chap. 2 COBIKTHIABB, I 16.-" And what agreement hath the tempi of God with idols?" The Archdeaco preached in the afternoon, from the xxx ci LUKE, V. 3-4.-" And he said : Of a truth say unto you this poor widow hath cast i morertinurthey alL For.aU. these hase, of the abundance, cast in unto the offerings of Goi but she, of her penury, hath cast in ali tl living that she hao." The collections after tl two services amounted to .£32 3s The first stone of St Michael's Church, Mitcham, was laid on Saturday last, by Lady Young, in presence of his Excellency the Governor, the Lord Bishop, his Honor the Judge, the Co lonial Secretary, and a large number of ladies and gentlemen. His Excellency and his Lord ship addressed a few appropriate words to those present. The following is the inscrip tion deposited, together with the coins of tte reign, beneath the stone : In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: Amen. The Foundation-Stone of this Church, to he dedicated to the worship of the Triune Jehovah, in connection with the Church Established in Great Britain and Ireland, to be called "The Church of Saint MICHAEL," was laid by Dame Augusta, the wife of SIR HENRY EDWARD FOX YOUNG, Governor of South Australia, on Saturday the Thirtieth day of September, being in e First Year of his administration, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Eight Hundred and Forty-eight, and tn the Second Year of the Consecration of AUGUSTAS by Divine permission first Lord Bishop of Adelaide. THE BUBBA BUBBA MINES.-Mr -Tonier. lately a resident at Kooringa, has Drought the unpleasant intelligence that the miners, to a man, had resolved to strike wo& yesteribjr morning. Only one man was to be allowed to work till he had completed a small job he aras engaged in. The canse of this was a, notice by the Mining Association to the effect that tJkja í weekly wages would be reduced heneesfrfb « from 25s to 21s. Everything was qu&suia; .orderly. . , . . Mr J. B. Graham arrived at Southampton on the 28th May, by the Rippon steamer, from Calcutta. We observe that Mr Coppin advertises a quan tity of ice for sale. This is the first we have had here. It will no doubt prove an agreeable addition to the table during the hot weather we must shortly expect. 