THE Monday morning Ferrall). THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1848. -g ' Sworn to no Master, of no Sect am I," LAW INTELLIGENCE. SUPREME COURT.-WEDNESDAY. Bifrons the Full Court. SMITH AND OTHERS V. SALTING AND OTHERS. (ON APPEAL.) The CHIEF JUSTICE : This case has been already, in its different stages, once or twice before the Court; but the facts on which the question now for decision depends, are very simple. The plaintiffs are the assignees of John Hosking, an insolvent; from whom, before the insolvency, the defendants received certain consignments of wool, on which they made him advances. The defendants sold the wool and the proceeds, it is undisputed, more than satisfied the amount of the advances leaving therefore a balance in their hands. The bill was filed for (among other things) an account of the advances and sales, and for payment of the balance over to the plaintiffs. The defendants, admitting the preceding facts, claimed in their answer a right to set that balance against for, in other words, to pass it to the credit of.) certain other advances, made by them on the joint and several account of John Hosking and John Terry Hughes. For the amount of these last-mentioned advances, the defendants held as security very considerable property, belonging to Hosking and Hughes ' jointly ; of which there was mortgaged, and iBoin-fônsignèato the defendants. The advances on the joint and several account, however, had been Very heavy, and a large sum, after crediting the balance so due separately to Hocking, was (or was alleged to be still due to the defendants. The first point of contest was. Whether they were entitled to set off the joint and several, against The said separate debt. The claim. was made, under the' 37th section of our Insolvent Act, which enacts, that, where there are mutual debts between the insolvent and any Other person, on which a set off can by law be pleaded on either side, the Commissioner taking the proof of debt shall state the account between them, and set one debt against the other and that what shall appear due, on the balance of such account, and no more, shall be claims! or paid the Primary Judge held on the saying, that the defendants were entitled to the set off in question, under this enactment, and the of 1 lowing, on this point, were the terms of the Decree -" His Honor doth declare that in taking the accounts hereinafter directed, credit ought to be given to the defendants, for all moneys which may be due to them, on the joint and several covenant of Hughes and Hosking And it is referred to the Master, to take an account of all de dings in the pleadings mentioned, between the said Hosking on the one side, and the defendants on the other side , including an account of what is due to them, under the said joint and several covenant of the said Hughes and Hoskin,, and, in taking the said account, the muster is to give credit to the defendants, for all manner which may be due to them under the said Joint indsevcial covenant debating the defendants, on the other hand, " with all money paid to or received by them, under an indenture mentioned in the pleadings, of the 4th September 1843, by virtue of which, considerable sums of money, the proceeds of the joint property, had been realized by the defendants The Decree, having thus allowed the claim of set off was appealed from but confirmed, and the accounts directed have, to a certain extent, been gone into Since the date of the Decree, however it would seem, very many sums have come into the hands of the defendants, on the joint account of Hughes and Hosking, being the produce of then just estate, in the possession of the defendants an mortgagees or consignees thereof, the amount of which, it is surmised, added to the previous receipts, will suffer to liquidate the joint and several debt, without recourse to the set-off of Hosking s balance The question is, whether an account of these subsequent receipts shall be taken For the plain tiffs it is contended, that by the terms of the Decree, and ace train to the principles on which accounts are taken in equity, it ought to be, and of this opinion was His Honor the present Primary Judge I have considered all the arguments on that side of the question, and the authorities cited-which, however, do not throw much light upon it and I cannot arrive at (his Honor's conclusion It appears to me, that for the determination of this suit, under the Decree, there are but two questions , first whether any balance was or is due to the estate of Hosking, on the separate transactions between him and the defendants and secondly, if say whether the amount of that balance, at the date of the latest item gone to compose it was met or more than met by the then state of the joint and several account against which the defendants claimed to set it off to permit the plaintiffs to enter into the joint transactions, or to i How the Muster to take accounts of the defendants receipts, from the joint property, subsequently to the striking of the balance would be in effect to defeat the set- is Entirely In suits for an account, no doubt the ordinary course in Equity is and would be, under a decree worked like the present to take the accounts up to the time of the Master s Report But that course might be followed, in this case in respect of all that the bill is filed for, without objection The plaintiffs are not entitled to an ace >unt except of the separate transactions with Hosking Neither did they ask for any other But the defendants say, whatever may be due to you in respect of those transactions, will be found covered by the then amount of our advance, after allowing for all then receipts on the joint and several account, and we claim to set the sad amount off against you It thus became necessary to ascertain whether that set off existed or not, and, to this extent, the state of the joint and several accounts had to be investigated raise accounts, however, are taken, not as the subject matter of the suit but as incidental to the defence, and so, the ordinary rule as to the taking of accounts in Equity does not apply, If subsequent items are to be gone into, when is the inquiry to ter master When the separate balance, with which alone the plaintiffs have to do, shall have been overtaken or is it to continue, according to the rule contended for, up to the date of the Report a For what purpose should it thus be prolonged The pi um if is, being the assignees of Hosking s separate estate only, can have no claim to the balance which maybefnmddue and the assignees the joint. estate of II skins and Hughes, to whom any such balance will belong, will not be bound by the result there is this further objection to the a proposed inquiry that the advantages of it are not mutual Had the state of the joint and several account, at the title of the accruing of the separate balance, or, at all events, at the date of the answer of the Decree, been the other way, I take it to be clear that the defendants could not, by showing advances since those dates, acquire a re 'list of set off, and thereby create for them Belvesanct post facto defence. The case of subsequent payments, or other charges, on the separate account, would stand on a different footing These are self-acting and the state of the account is at once affected by them But a set-off, by our law, has no such quality to operate as a defence, it must be relied on as such , but, to be relied on, it must pre v ously exist Let it be supposed, that when the Decree in this cause was made, the defendants were admitted debtors to the joint estate, as well as to the estate of Hosking, but that, from subsequent advances, while the separate account was under investigation, the balance of the joint one had turned in their favour I take it to be clear, that the Master could not for that reason enter into the joint accounts, however anxious the defendants might be to get the benefit of a set off Why then should they lose the benefit of a set-off existing at the time of the answer and claimed by it us at that time a defence, because of a change conversely in the state of the joint account, arising from subsequent receipts on that account' It is little to the purpose to say, that by this means the cr editors of the separate estate will receive Hosking s balance, while the creditors of the joint estate will be prevented from sharing in what properly does not belong to them This is to assume the very point in debate for that which properly belongs to either class of creditors, is a matter depending on the right decision of a question of law The defendants advanced money to Hosking They also advanced money to Hosking and Hughes, for which, they stipulated that each should severally be liable, as well as both jointly They were, therefore, as much creditors of Hotel has individually, in respect of the money advanced on the joint and several as in respect of that advanced on the separate account That was the position, for which the defendants contracted, and when, consequently, on the balance of the separate transactions, a sut pim arose, they had a clear right to apply it as far as it would go, in liquidation of the other debt of taking that, lamely, which was due by him on the joint and several account the effect of that application was, of course, to reduce pro tanto the joint debt, and thereby to release, sooner or later an equal amount of the joint property But what injustice, in any sense, is by that means inflicted on the other separate creditors, I am at a loss to comprehend the defendants snarly paid themselves in preference tohanUu g over the money to others they were not bound to w us, till ihepnceedsof the joint property paid them And if the effect of the approx null m has been, that those proceeds now (by reason of receipts since the Decree) more than equal the joint debt, irrespective of the surplus or Iba (separate account, so that there is A banco the defendant's hands to the credit of the joint estate, greater than the amount of that surplus, } cannot see why that should alter their position Then her claims othirpartiesare not to prejudice the defe! dants lights But what the plaintiffs contend for is this Although Hosking owed you money on the joint and several account, when the separate transactions closed with a balance on them in his favour and although on then set off those c1, runs against each other, as you had a right to days now the joint estate is sufficiently your creditor, to admit of a new operation and therefore you shall pay) your st Ives Hosking a joint and several debt, not only by the joint property of Hosking and Hughes and partly by the surplus formerly in your li and arising from Hosking s separate property, but you shall pay yourselves by the former exclusivity In other Words you shall recall your sit off, because such better suits our purpose and dividing the balance now in your hands to the credit of Hosking and HughEs, you shall hand over Hosking s original surplus to us, and credit the estate of Hosking and Hughes with the remainder only Such is clearly the object of the plain tiffs, in seeking to carry on the accounts to the piisintdate, and it appears to an, that to give effect to it would be to sacrifice a positive and acknowledged right, to considerations of very questionable equity It was urged as a sort of injustice, that Hosl nig s separate estate should pay any portion of a joint debt, and was suggested, that a creditor who can pay himself such a debt out of joint property, should not resort to the separate estate or funds since he thereby chassis the respective assets of the estate, and so affect the interests of third parties But with all this, as I conceive, the defendants have nothing to do The debt being joint and several, they were entitled to look to both estates , the right of set off, in respect of any balance due to the separate estate, followed the defendants had been allowed to exercise that right, and the only question now is, having regard to the terms of the Decree, what is the effect of that allowance Lain of opinion that the effect was, to enable the defendant to set off against whatever balance should be found due to Hosking, on the taking of the separate accounts, (those he counts being taken in the usual manner and according to the ordinary rules,) whatever sum or balance should then be due them, on the joint and several account, and that, consequently the state of such last-mentioned one count at any subsequent period, is not a matter for inquiry) I quite accede to the position, that the question is to be decided by the Decree for, in this stage of the cause, its directions are not open to dispute But, in the terms be doubtful, or susceptible of two constructions, that construction should be adopted which will sustain a legal right, rather than that which will defeat or deny it For this reason, it appears to me most material to determine, in the first place, what the right here really is and then to Q\ inline the Decree by the light thus obtained, and see if that right cannot, without violating the terms of the Decree, be upheld Now I feel no difficulty on either of those points I think that the defendants had a right to set off, against any balance ascer t lined to be due separately to Hosking, whatever balance might then be due to them, on the joint and several account of Hosking and Hughes, and I think that the Decree contains no terms, or direction, which can reasonably be understood as opposed to the allowance of that right the effect which this involves, of diminishing the assets of one estate, while it increases those of another, is (us I have already observed) beside the question It might have been a sufficient motive, to induce the defendants to abstain from insisting on their set-off, but it has been insisted on, and allowed And if the effect eventually be, to benefit the creditors of the joint estate at the expense of Hos king s separate creditors, there is only so much the more reason for caution, lost that, to which the former have acquired a legal right, should be an act of ours be taken from them The Decree directs on account of all dealings between Hosking and the defendants, in cluding an account of what is due to them under the joint and several covenant These words plainly indicate, or havonferencc to, thought cut in amount which might then be due to the defendants they would, consequently if not construed by other rules, fix the terminating point of inquiry at the date of the Decree But, as the well known rule is, in suits in beauty to take the accounts (that is, those sought by the bill ) up to the latest date so as to include all time of receipt of payment to the time of the Master s report, I think the words " what is due may be taken to mean, what at the time of any such item may be due And this will be in accordance with the terms which follow , directing the Master to give, a credit in taking the account, for all money ' which may be due to the defendants, on the joint and several account It is said, however, that these words " may oe" due, being the same used in the previous part of the Decree refer inevitably) to a future time, and so, that the direction is to take the joint and sev e r ii account, up to the last date at which any item viz that account, as well as in the separate account, shall be found This seems to me not to be the necessary or the natural meaning of the words The suit is for the taking of the separate account, and nothing more, and according to the general rule, whatever sum may be found due on that account, on either side, will be ordered to be paid But, against any balance which may be found due by them on that separate account, (taken to the latest date, according to the usual course), the defendants claim a right of reten- tion, by reason of a set off the set- off arises out of a distinct matter, to wit, a joint and several account The Decree, in dealing with that right, uses indiscriminately the words " what is due, and the words " what may be due, meaning in each instance, as I think, the same thing what is due, or what may be found due In speaking of an unsettled account, the phrase would be a common one "I will pay what may be due to you " This would surely be understood to mean, not what might become due, but what (it anything) was or might then be due, at the moment of speaking But the Decree, it is said, in directing the taking of the separate account, includes the joint and several one as a portion of it In other words, the Decree directed accounts to be taken (and therefore in the ordinary way, and according to the ordinary rules, of joint and several dealings, in respect of which the suit was not instituted, because, when directing accounts of Hosking s dealings, for which the suit was instituted, it goes on to direct accounts necessary to ascertain the existence of a set off, by the use of the word " including in reference to the last mentioned accounts As if a defence could be got rid of and the exercise of a legal right be defeated by an inaccurate expression, or an expression were to be construed, without re- ference to the context and subject matter The decree directs " an account of all dealings in the pleadings mentioned, between Hosking on the one side and the defendants on the other , including an account of what is due to them, under the joint and several covenant "-A pro vious clause declares, that, " in taking the accounts hereinafter directed, credit ought to be given the defendants for all moneys " which should be due them on that covenant the nature of the case shows, that two accounts were here contemplated, for by no possibility, notwithstanding the terms used, could either account be included in the other, however much the one might be operated on by the state of the other An account of dealings between the defendants and Hosking, for instance, would be an account of separate transactions, and BO, could not embrace an account of moneys due under the covenant which would arise, exclusively, out of the joint transactions between the defendants and Hosking and Hughes And it the words used had the effect contended for the clausE declaring the defendants entitled to credit, in respect of money due under the covenant, was superfluous Were the account of the defendants dealings with Hosking, as supposed to include an account of those moneys, tile giving of the credit in question was a necessary incident, and an end across- nate balance would have been struck, as a matter of couse It appears to me, however, that no such balance can be struck, under the authority of sixty poliW of the Decree and that, if it can- ! not, it were idle to go into the joint dealings, any further than shall be necessary to ascertain, whether the set-off claimed was in fact j due or not. Where an account is sought ! to which the plaintiff is entitled, it is taken to the last moment, to avoid a second suit for the same matter and both parties are actors, best cause, whichever way the balance be found due, whether to theplaintifforthedefendant, Decree may be taken for it. But here, in respect of the joint and several account, there is no such mutuality. The defendants cannot have a Decree, (I take it to be clear,) for any balance due to them on that account, though Hosking be severally liable for it, because the separate transactions alone form the subject of the suit ; and because, also, most clearly no Decree could be had against them for the balance, were it the other way-not the plaintiffs, but the" ass needs of the joint estate only, being entitled to it. The joint and several account, in short, is not in issue, except as matter of defence and the state of it at a given time must determine the question, whether it will form an effectual defence or no. Now it is a defence given by a positive enactment and that enactment must be our guide. The Court is placed, by the effect of that enactment, in the same position as the Commissioner in Insolvency ; who is, in taking the proof of a debt, to deduct the amount of any legal set-off from it, and to allow the balance only. Let it be supposed, then, that these defendants offered proof against Hosking's estate, of the debt at that time due them by Hosking and Hughes and that the then amount of that debt was £10,000, while at the same time they owed Hosking's estate, separately, £2000. They would then have been entitled to set off, (or in other words retain in their own hands, that £2000, by reducing their proof against Hosking to £8000. It seems clear, from the very nature of that operation, that the effect of the setting off of the smaller sum would he so inst and to extinguish so much of Hughes and Hosking's debt. Let it now be supposed, that afterwards certain assets in the defendants hands become realized, the property of Hughes and Hosking, to the full amount of the £10,000. Will it be contended, that the effect of this would be to render nugatory the previous operation? is not the obvious effect this, that, as nomorothun £8000remained unpaid, no morecanlegallybedeductcdftoiii the assets? It secession to my apprehension, that such would necessarily be the result and that the surplus would belong to those, whose property it would represent. Let any lawyer consider what defence could be made, were Hughes and Hosking's assignees to sue the defendants, under such circumstances, for that surplus. We will now put the converse of the last case ; and suppose that the defendants were insolvent, and that Hosking sought to prove his separate £2000 claim. The Commissioner would have to set off against it, the whole £10,000 then due; and the effect would necessarily be, on extinguishment of the claim so made. Could the subsequent realization of the £10,000, from assets of' Hosking and Hughes, operate to set it up again ? Why, such a thing was never heard of. Suppose, then, that the defendants had been sued at law, instead of by bill in Equity for on account. The defendants plea of set-off would have had relation, like the offered proof in Insolvency, to the amount actually then due to them, or due at the commencement of the action and they would have had judgment. The greater portion of the supposed joint assets, pending the suit, could not have affected the case ; unless the realization of such assets aft r the judgment, could have a similar effect on the position and rights of the parties then giving Hosking, a claim, previously barred and destroyed. Such being, as I conceive, the effect of allow- ing a set-off in Insolvency, and at Law, I cannot understand why a different result should ensue in Equity. A set-off is said to be of the same nature, (2 Store, Eq. Juris, s, 1410,) as the compensation of the Civil Law ; which operated to. extinguish absolutely cross demands, as for as they mutually extended, whether insisted on or not. By our law, the set-off is a matter optional with the party; but, when claimed, there is neither reason nor authority for holding, that it shall not be equally efficacious. . There, are undoubtedly differences between the two systems ; but none whatever that effect this question. In the Civil Law, where there are rival debts, the extinguishment operates, each on the other, ipso jure. By our system it will take place, only when insisted on. I should have thought, therefore, that the point of time at which the set-off would operate, in this case, would have been that of the filing of the Answered, at furthest, the pronouncing of the Decree and I am not by any means clear, that such would not be the proper rule. But inas- much as, in suits for an account, the course is to include all items (that is, of the account which the bill seeks to obtain up to the date of the last admissible item pending the inquiry before the Master, and as no special direction has been given in this case fixing; an earlier period, I think it safer to hold the date of such last item to be the point of time here and that the set-off is to take effect, against the balance at that date due to Hosking, on the separate account, in respect of whatever may then be due to the defendants, on the joint and several account ; -and so, restraining an inquiry into subsequent receipts or items, on that account, as matter with which this case has nothing to do. A technical difficulty was suggested, arising out of the rule of practice stated in 11 Vesey, 602 that, after a Decree to account, the Bill cannot be dismissed. It will perhaps be sufficient to consider this, when the cause shall come before the Court on Further Directions. At present I will only observe that, should that rule apply to cases of this kind, and be permitted to operate rigorously to prevent a plaintiff from being defeated, under any circumstances, after an account directed, it will be impossible to give effect to a set-off in Equity, in any case where a plaintiff is entitled to an account; or, at any rate, to give it the same effect as it would be entitled to, and would have at Law. That consequence would in other words be, that a man a statutable right will vary, according as his adversary shall have elected to sue him. But this is a case peculiar in its circumstances and there is no precedent to control the course of justice. It was asked, why did not the defendant plead the set off in bar ? I am of opinion, that he could not plead it because the plaintiff would still have been entitled to an account. A Re- lease may be pleaded, or a Settlement of Accounts between the parties for each of these denies that right. But here an account would have been directed, in any event. The Decree is accompanied, however, with a direction to ascertain the existence, and extent, of a set off-and should its amount be found to sustain the defence, (that is, to meet the plaintiff's' demand by an equal or greater amount of counter demand,) I shall be slow indeed to be persuaded that a rule of ? practice, applicable to cases of Account between parties, can interpose between that defence and its success. The case seems to me, in principle, to be more like that in page 165 of the same volume of Vesey and the Decree to stand accordingly, on the footing of one directing inquiries merely for, substantially, as to the set- off, that is really its effect. This, as I have just observed, is a peculiar case and the peculiarity lies here-that although literally speaking, there are mutual accounts between these parties, yet so far as the set-off is concerned, they are not in respect of mutual rights. This was not a case of mutual credit ; and still less a defence resting merely on excess of payments, or other matter in itself affecting the account, forming the subject of the suit. In such cases, a balance on one side or the other is presumed and whichever way it may be found due an Order for payment will be made. And yet, in such cases, if the debtor and creditor sides should be exactly equal, (a result of course perfectly' possible the ordinary rule would I conceive hardly be said to apply, that nevertheless because there was a Decree to account, the Bill could not be dismissed. But this is the case (though of a mutual, yet) of an independent debt ; available to the defendants, by reason of a legislative provision only. The set-off of such a debt is necessarily, as it seems to me, an independent. matter. The defendants are entitled to get rid of the balance on the separate transactions, by setting against it an equal or greater balance then due themselves on the joint transactions. But the necessity of on inquiry, to ascertain the existence of the last mentioned balance, affords no reason ! that I can discover, for carrying the inquiry further and thus blending distinct accounts I and matters in ano suit. That the ordinary rule does not apply for entering into subsequent items, is shown by the single consideration, that, to any balance due by the defendants, on the joint account sought to be prolonged, these plaintiffs will have no claim. And I do not see how the objection is met, that whereas these defendants had a good defence to the suit, when commenced, and when the Decree was made, and claimed the benefit of that defence, (which defence a statute gives them as a legal right,) the protracted inquiry in question is asked for to destroy that defence, I and defeat the then set-off insisted on, by ex I post facto matter. What the particular process may be by which the result is to be accomplished, we need not stop to inquire. It can only be, by either not carrying the balance on the separate account, to the credit of the joint and several account at all, because the subsequent receipts on that account, by the defendants, will liquidate the latter without recourse to the said balancers i by first setting the balance against the joint and several account, and eventually recalling it again when those subsequent receipts have shown such deduction to have been unnecessary. It would be difficult to say, which of these contrivances would be the greater mockery of the set-off claimed, or the more ingenious device for obtaining payment in full to Hosking, for the amount which these defendants took to themselves two years and a half ago, in reduction of their then claim on the joint and several account, out of the balance I now (iii the course of events) accrued due to the estate of Hosking and Hughes. On the whole, my conclusion is that the Master s Order of the 5th August last should be set aside, and the Order of His Honor the Primary Judge sustaining it be reversed and that the Master should only take the accounts under the joint and several covenant, up to the date of the last item in the separate account-the defendants being at liberty to seal up so much of the books, as may relate to items of a posterior date. The defendants' costs of their motion, which was refused by His Honor with costs, should be costs in the cause ; the plaintiffs' costs of that motion, if paid by the defendants to them under His Honor's Order, should be repaid to the defendants, with the deposit money on this Appeal and each party should bear his own costs of the Appeal. His Honor Judge DICKENSON: After I consultation with my learned colleagues, and leisurely consideration of the drafts of their respective opinions, I have arrived at the same conclusion upon this case as that which has been announced by his Honor the Chief Justice. I so fully concur, moreover, in the elaborate reasoning by which he has established his conclusion, that my inclina- tion would have been simply to express my entire concurrence in his views, but that custom demands each Judge upon a division to state his opinion for himself. Bowing to that usage, I now proceed to state compendiously what has induced my acquiescence with the Chief Justice, and incidentally to indicate my reasons for differing from Mr. Justice Manning. Assuming (which I do from the respect paid to his opinions by the Judges in Westminster Hall that Mr. Justice Story has, in the 1134th Section of his Commentaries on January jurisprudence, ed. 1, correctly expounded this doctrine, " It is true that Equity generally follows the law as to set-off, but it is with limitations and restrictions. If there is no connexion between the demands, then the rule is as it is the law whether I am of opinion that the bill and answer in this suit do not bring before the Court a matter of natural equity alone, but of an equity alleged to be defeated by a statutory right, and that the Decree, however worded, is not to account as generally understood, but to enquire and report as a jury would at law, " Whether at a certain time before answer the insolvent Hosking was indebted as in the answer mentioned, and whether at the time of that answer the debt continued unsatisfied" - in other words, that the decree has placed the Master in the situation of a Jury sworn for the trial of an issue joined upon the replication m7 diet. To treat the Decree as the ordinary one " to account," and to apply to it the corresponding principles and practice of a Court of Equity would, as appears to me, be a proceeding in subversion of the 37th section of the Insolvent Act. The Bill in effect states that the defendants were consignees of the insolvent Hosking's property, with power to sell for reimbursing themselves certain moneys lent by them to the in- solvent that they had sold and received moneys to a larger amount than that of their loan, and therefore the plaintiffs, as Hosking's assignees, pray that the defendant major account and refund the surplus. The answer sets forth that Hughes and the insolvent Hosking were partners, and that defendant advanced for them moneys upon the security- 1st, of certain joint property of those parties and 2ndly, of their joint and several covenant, to repay to the defendants the moneys advanced that Hosking is indebted to the defendants upon that his several covenant, to repay the last mentioned moneys to an amount exceeding any surplus which the plaintiffs can establish by reason of the transactions disclosed in the bill. It was decreed in substance that the Master should take the accounts, and credit the defendant with the advances to Hughes and Hosking, mentioned in the answer, and debit them with the moneys received from the property of Hughes and Hosking, which they held as security for those advances. Upon the wording of that Decree the question now before us has arisen for since it was pronounced, the defendants have received from the last-mentioned property, moneys, which, with other receipts from the same source, exceed the debt due from Hosking upon his several covenant, to pay the moneys advanced to Hughes and Hosking jointly. The point now urged by the plaintiffs is, that by. the Decree the Master is empowered to blend the subsequent receipts, so as to destroy any set off which existed at the time of the answer, and that in effect, plaintiffs should now be entitled to payment as they prayed for by their bill. It is admitted that this case is, in its details, of the first impression ; therefore it is unnecessary to comment on the cases cited, no one of which is directly applicable to the circumstances under our present consideration. The defence contained in the answer is founded on the 37th section of the New South Wales Insolvent Act, which is substantially similar to the provision in the English Statute, 6 Geo. IV., c. 16, sec. 50. The demand in the bill, and the debt in the answer are unconnected. But for the Statute Law, the defendant could not have made the defence he has put in for as a set off can neither traverse nor confess and avoid the statements in any declaration, it was not possible at common law. Nor was it available in equity for the same purpose: an Equity Court having, as I conceive, no power to alter the general course of law. " Where," (said Lord Mansfield, in Green v. Farmer, 4 Burrows,) "there were mutual debts unconnected, the law said, they should not be set-off, but each mustsue.-And Courts of Equity followed the same rule, because it was the law for had they done otherwise, they would have stopped the course of law in all cases when there was a mutual demand." His Lordship, in the same ease after referring to the Statutes of Anne and George the Second, said (in reference to a section like our 37th) " This clause must have everywhere, the same construction and effect ; whether the question arises upon a summary petition, or a formal bill, or an action at law." The defence ? set up by the answer is not ascertainable by this Court in its Equity Jurisdiction, as a matter of natural equity ; whereas the subject of the Bill is cognizable by that jurisdiction, as such an Equity. " Where the nature of the employment, transaction, or dealings, necessarily constitute an account consisting of receipts and payments, debts and credits, it is certain that only the balance can be the debt, and by the proper forms of proceeding in Courts of Law and Equity, the balance only canst recovered. After a judgment, or decree to I account, both parties are equally active." (By Lord Mansfield in the case before cited.) If I sho answer in the case had not set up the cross demand, and there had been a decree to account, then indeed I could have understood the application of the several points of Equity Practice so much insisted on. Pot then the, only, matter which the Master could have taken finding consideration would have been debts and credits, out of which) are either Sides the balance only could have been recoverable, in whose favour soever it should happen to be struck. Had that been the case, both parties would obviously have been actors, and each (in the event of the balance being declared in his favour) would consequently have been interested that the bill should not be dismissed Hut on the pleadings before us, the defendants do not so much deny that the balance on the account mentioned in the bill will be against them, or that there was anything connected with, or arising out of the transactions therein mentioned, which should operate to defeat its prayer ; but departing from the ground of natural equity they set up by virtue of the Act, a set-off entirely unconnected with the dealings disclosed by the bill. The " Act must have everywhere the same construction and effect and therefore (as the Court has already decided the answer, if true, contains a good defence to the bill. What, then, upon such conclusion being arrived at, could have been the object of the reference to the Master, but to ascertain whether the plaintiffs owed the defendants more upon the transactions mentioned in the answer than the balance, if any, due from the defendants to the plaintiffs on the matters averred in the bill? to ascertain what was due and unpaid, the Master was necessarily directed to debit the defendants with the moneys received by them from the joint property of Hughes and Hosking and thereupon the grand difficulty arises, up to what time the Master was to take the several accounts ? Construing the defendant's answer by the Act, it appears to me to amount to this -" that when the insolvent's estate was sequestrated, he owed the defendant as much as the defendant then owed him and that at the time of the answer the debt was unpaid." Now, as " the language of any written instru- ment must be taken with reference to the facts upon which it turns," (see Judgment of Lord Tenderden, in Thorp T'. Thorp, 3. Band Ad. 580,) I am strongly inclined to think that the Decree should be construed as a direction to the Master to ascertain, what, when the Insolvent estate was sequestrated, was the balance (if any) due from defendants to the plaintiffs on the transactions mentioned in the bill, and also what was then due from the insolvent to the defendants on the dealings mentioned in the answer, and how much of the latter at the period of answer remained due from the insolvent and his assignees to the defendants. But I refrain from expressing a decided opinion that that should be the time at which the enquiry on either side should be stopped, as the defendants agree that if they have received any moneys, from the consignments mentioned in the bill, since the answer, the enquiry may be extended to that point. Upon consideration of all that hasbeen urged on either side of the question before us, I am of opinion that the principles, on which accounts are ordinarily taken in equity, have no application to the present case, and" that their adoption would subvert the statutory right on which the defendants have founded their answer. Mr. Justice MANNING : I regret to be obliged to express my dissent from the opinion of the majority of the Court, both upon the interpretation of the Decree I and upon other independent grounds, which, out of deference to my learned colleagues, I feel called upon to set forth as fully as they have done the reasons for their Judgment. ' In my view it is quite unnecessary to consider the law or right of set-off in the abstract, or even the effect of the claim made by the Answer, because we are not now to review the decision of Mr. Justice Therry, or to remodel the Decree which he made, and which was confirmed by the full Court on appeal ; but simply to enquire and determine what it is that the Decree directs and which, therefore, of the proposed courses of proceeding, in taking the Account in the Master's Office, will be most in conformity with its directions. To me the language of the Decree, interpreted with reference to the principles upon which accounts such as these are taken in Equity, when no deviation from the usual course is expressly prescribed, appears of itself sufficient to keep the account under the covenant open until the Master shall have closed it by his Report for I not only think that words expressly pointing to the future are not necessary, (Bulstrode v. Bradley, 3 Atk. 682), but that the terms here used cannot properly be understood in any other sense than this, that the Master in by his Report to give credit to the defendants for what is then due to them under the covenant. But as the arguments of counsel, and the opinion of my learned colleagues, do not rest solely upon the Decree, I intend, like them, to fortify my interpretation of what the Decree is, by considering what it ought to be. The suit, as originally instituted, and still more as a ; new stands, is in the nature of a redemption suit. In the argument this was denied, and it was treated as important, but in my opinion it is not sufficiently so to make it necessary to state in this place the grounds for regarding the suit in this light. I take it to be quite plain (as indeed seems to be the unanimous opinion on the Bench), that under this Decree it was open to the parties respectively to prove before the Master any receipts or disbursements up to the time of final Report in relation to the transactions between the defendants and Hosking on his private account. (See Bulstrode v. Bradley supra ; Bell v. Read, 3 Atk. 592. Seton on Decrees " Account," taken together with Lashiey t>. Hogg, 11 Vesey, 602, and Bodkin v. Clancey, Ball and B 216) and by the terms of the Decree the Accounts of the separate and joint and several transactions are so entirely associated and blended into a single debtor and creditor account, that whatever applies to one side must, as it seems to me, necessarily apply also to the other. If so, the account under the covenant is equally open to reduction or addition by proof of receipts or disbursements up to the time of the Report; for I do not see how the fact of the items on one side of the account happening to have stopped (as yet) at an earlier date can operate to close the other side. If this were the principle, then the proof of new items on the separate accounts would from time to time reopen the set-off account and thus, instead of the mutuality which the Decree contemplates, one side would be absolutely dependent upon the other and instead of the set off being in any sense vested or resting upon a certain footing, it would be a sort of shifting contingent right, to be fixed after all only upon the reference to the Master being brought to a termination by his Report. I can understand the position, without acknowledging its correctness, that the set-off should be deemed complete at tho time of the answer, for this would be to follow the rule of common law and I can also understand that the original force of thaiJJecree might fix the set-off at its date, though this is not the effect in this case ; but if the Decree operates as if there were future words at all, the question must, I think, be up to what time it is legally open to the parties to vary the state of the separate account by new items, not up to what time they have in fact so varied it by the proof or the actual occurrence of the " latest item." The Decree does not in terms declare that the defendants are entitled to the set-off claimed, or direct that the accounts under the joint and several covenant shall be taken only up to a particular time (whether of Answer, Decree, or of lost item in the contra account) ; but it is declared that "in taking the accounts, credit ought to be given to the defendants for all moneys which; may be due to them upon the covenant, and the reference to the Master is " to take an account of all dealings and transactions in the pleadings mentioned between Hosking and his trustees on the one side, and the defendants on the other side, including an account of what is due to the defendants under the covenant;" and it is directed, that " in taking the said account i (not accounts) the Master shall give credit to the defendants for all money which may be due to them under the covenant." Thus the vi i rious matters of claim on the one side and on the, other, are put upon the same footing as a the whole constituted a single and mutual ac i count; and in this I think the Decree perfectly right, for mutual Jets" in insolvency are to be treated virtually as if they constituted one account, so that the balance only is the debt. If it had been intended that the set-off should operate as an extinguishment of the plaintiffs' claim at any time prior to the RS. port, (whether fixed or shifting) when the fo. lance due upon the covenant overtopped the due upon the separate transactions, nothing would have been more easy than to have used words, which without a forced construction would have given a voice to that intention, That his Honor, who pronounced this decree, would have Used Very different language if any judgment had been in favour of such a right of set- off as is now contended for, is obvious from this consideration. He had before him the plaintiffs' bill, in which they assert a claim of, say £5000 at the outside, and the defendants answer, iii which they swear, that £10,000 is due to them on the covenant, which answer is traversed by the replication, Thus there was presented to the Judge a plain issue of fact going directly to a main branch of the relief prayed for a and it would almost have inevitably occurred to him, to have expressly limited the enquiry as to the joint and separate debt to the question, whether the excess in favour of the defendant existed at the time of the Answer of the Decree, or of the actual close of the private transactions, if he had considered that such excess should, under the circumstances connected with the joint and several covenant operate « an extinguishment of the plaintiff's' claim at either of those dates. But the term of the Decree appear some incapable of being understood as so limiting the enquiry, except by interpreting them in such a sense as virtually to make a now Decree, which can only he done upon appeal or re-hearing. In considering the effect of this Decree, these further points must be noticed First, a Decree having once been pronounced for an account the bill cannot be dismissed, (Lash ley v. Hogg, li Vesey, 602) ; Second, the ro> ference of accounts to the Master is final only as a Decree to account, and is merely inter- locutory in so far as the ultimate settlement of the suit is concerned; whereas the Decree on " Further Directions" is the final decision upon the accounts, 3rd, From the moment that a decree is pronounced for on account, both parties are actors, so that the defendant can recover his balance, if he succeeds in turning it in his favour (Bodkin -, Clancy, supra I Stone, Esq. Jur, sec. 522). The consequence of the first of these positions would seem to be, that the Set-off cannot now operate as a bar to the suit as if it had been pleaded and the plea allowed ; of the second, that the substantial and final Deereebetween the parties would be founded uponastato of facts not then existing, unless the accounts be open on all sides to the last moment ; of the third, that the defendants might, on further direction!, claim a balance due to them at some earlier date, notwithstanding that in the mean time it had been reduced or turned against them and that the Court would be compelled either to make an order for its payment, or to relieve itself from the difficulty by an extraordinary rule. we are rule. Set-off, under our law, differs from the corn permit to of the Civil Law, in several important particulars ; of which one is, that a party who has a right of set off, is not bound to exist case it whereas, in the civil law, the cross debt to the same amount was, by mere operation of law, and independent of the acts of the parties, absolutely extinguished. (2 Story's Eq, Jur., section 1440.) There is therefore the more reason for not overlooking the fact that the defendants have not, by their Answer, claimed to set off so much of the joint and several debt as is sufficient to cover the plaintiff's claim, or to appropriate the plaintiff's balance to the account of Hughes and Hosking ; but they have claimed to set off the whole debt under the covenant, and after in effect submitting to an account of such debt, have claimed to be paid the balance due to them' selves. They say that they are in a position to account in respect of the separate transaction with Hosking, " but not to close it, otherwise than by retaining the amount realized, because Hosking was, prior to his insolvency, and has continued ever since, indebted to them in the larger sum of about £10,000 in a joint and several covenant entered into by him with Hughes, and that therefore no balance is due by the defendants, to the trustees of Hosking's estate ; but, that on the contrary, the estate, after credit being given for all payments and receipts I for and on account thereof, is largely indebted to the defendants, and that so it would appear upon proper accounts thereof, and relating thereto, being taken. And they submit and claim that the plaintiffs having brought their hill for an account, have rendered themselves liable for the payment thereof, and ought to be decreed so to do." And at the close of their Answer the defendants claim to be allowed to set off the full amount of the said rightful claim of the defendants out of the sum alleged by the plaintiff to be due, and to have the same benefit as if they had pleaded to the Bill." By their Answer, they have claimed to be put in the ordinary position of actors in the suit, so as to be entitled to a Decree in their own favour for a money payment in respect of their cross claim; and by the Decree that claim has (in my construction of it been admitted accordingly. If the defendants, instead of amalgamating their claim with that of the plaintiffs in this one suit, had filed a Cross Hill, it is clear that the accounts would have had to be carried on as long as the cross suit was depending and if they brought it to a close before realising on all their securities, they would only have obtained a Decree for the balance on terms which would have deprived them of the securities on pays a most of such balance. By the course pursued they have placed themselves as nearly as may be in a corresponding position. If the set-off claimed in this case were an actual bar to the suit, the proper course would, as it strikes me, have been to set up the debt under the covenant by way of P's and not by the answer. It certainly could not have been pleaded to the whole bill, because the plaintiffs were entitled, notwithstanding, the set-off, to have the account taken, and to a Decree as to the validity of the mortgage which they questioned, and for the return of the deeds deposited as collateral security ; but it could have been pleaded to so much of the Bill as prays " that the defendants may be decreed to pay over to the plaintiffs what upon the taking of the account shall be found due to them Under such a plea, the simple question would have been, what was due on the covenant at the date of plea and upon ascertaining that it exceeded the outside of us plaintiffs' claim, the part of the suit to which the plea was so pleaded would have been at once and finally put an end to, if the season really operated as an extinguishment of ins plaintiffs' claim for payment. Dunn however, that the same benefit could have been obtained under this Answer the course should have been to ask for a reference to the Master to ascertain the same fact and then, upon his Report coming in, the same practical result might have followed. But the defendants have not so pleaded, and did not obtain such reference, and it is to me very questionable whether a dismissal of W, "L any more consistent with the manner in waiT they have claimed the set-off then wmpatiow with the ordinary rules as to a mere *?«*"*£" account. The defendants have orangery covenant forward as creating a mutual sePT debt, and claimed the excess arising Horse and the decree has directed the account is a taken of it generally and without Smithton, so that the joint and several debt houses become the subject of a decree to account;, i respect of which the plaintiffs, in their turn, have become actors. But considering cheque tion as res integral, independent aWteoi particular effect which has been assignee, was Answer and to the Decree as pronounced, am not prepared to concur in the opinion the this clan under the covenant sought to be a lowed to -xtiii-ruwl the plaintiffs' several private account by setting fees the time of the- Ameer or of the Decree, u any duty ghost of the duration of T Reference. We are not here dealing wU a -Di i of set-off at common law, in "o' e in a Court of Equity, which g power to regulate the '««fVeraüng rH,< \- '. set-off, sons to prevent its °P"*X« iX Mv, as from the rail ^xiblogeneral rules wh.ch.it.'tiicre followed. *.****%»**& weather common law side of the Court. a I matter of this not .. Equity followstheLaw, but not its Pleading or its Practice. The same general right may be maintained in the two Courts, but yet modified by the different character of the proceedings in connection with which the right is asserted. The set-off is given in lieu of a cross demand by separate action or suit, and must partake of the nature of an action or a suit accordingly. Now if this joint and several covenant had been sued on at low against Hosking, the right to recover the debt would have been absolute and independent of the creditors' other rome dies and consequently, if it were set off at law, the amount due at the time of the plea would be considered an absolute mutual debt ? but if these defendants had filed their hill in Equity, say for payment, and foreclosure in default thereof the whole body of facts would have come under view, and their relief would have depended upon the state of accounts at the date of the Master's Report ; so I think it should also be under the claim of set-off in Equity. Courts of Equity," it is said by Mr. Justice Storey (2Eq. Juc., sec 14,37) " will extend the doctrine of set-off, and claims in the nature of set-off, beyond the law, in all cases -,' "J, , ^ which the."' bCt,:;uel1 the Allies " ? PM' "in not directly amenable | to tmscase.sh^ thateqlllty lms Extensive may induce matters that does notbclongto law. [ this let us see what are the main facts of this case, and whether any peculiar equities intervene between the parties The facts are, that the suit is instituted by the trustees of the private estate of Hosking for (inter all is recovery of a balance due to that estate, amounting to say £1500, and that the defendants claim to set off a debt due by the firm of Hughes and Hosking, for which, at the time of claiming the set-off (and not by matter ex post facto they held ample securities belonging to the firm, and »¡¡ceifically appropriated to its payment, and on which they might have already realised, if they had thought proper to exercise their rights'. the covenant relied upon is contained in a deed of April, 1843, contemporaneous with a part, and antecedent to the other part of the separate transactions with Hosking; and which deed is not an ordinary mortgage, but an arrangement by which the defendants were empowered to sell certain real estates, and the ships with cargoes of oil, belonging to Hughes and Hosking, and previously mort- gaged- first to P. W. Flower, and secondly to the Bank of Australia, upon trust to pay them selves any balance not exceeding £10,000, and to pay the surplus over to the Bank. Hughes and Hosking having become insolvent in September, 1893, it might not unreasonably have been expected that the realization of the property affected by this deed would have preceded the (late of defendants' answer, and that they would thus have discharged the covenant and executed the trust in favour of the Bank of Australia. Certainly they had the power to do so in their own hands, and it may even be that it was their duty to have exercised that power earlier. This, then, was their position at the date of their answer, and since that time it is asserted, and may be assumed for the purposes of the present question, that they have paid them selves by means of the property specifically appropriated to the purpose, the full amount of the joint debt. Yet they now claim to be entitled to defeat the plaintiffs' demand, and to carry the balance belonging to Hosking's prints estate to the credit of the firm (or rather of the Bank), because they had not, as they might have done, paid themselves the firm's debt at the time of putting in their answer. It appears to me that, under the circumstances, is the set-off ought not, upon principles of equity, K to have been allowed, except in such a manner B M would enable Hosking's trustees to recover H their own rightful balance in the event of the at Cross Claim being satisfied by its appropriate R towns before the termination of the Huit. And BE it may even be a question, whether a Court of B Equity should not, upon the same principles, jS hare expressly required that the defendants H should realize on their securities before the set R off (for any balance only should be admitted, ¡Bf iothattheyeliouldlose.it altogether, if they S chose not to exercise their power of sale until By the suit was closed. But in this case the right of set-off does not depend entirely upon principles of natural or legal equity, but more immediately upon the provisions of the Insolvent Act. Those provisions, however, appear to me most strongly tosupportniy views, and to be well calculated to carry out those principles of natural justice i on which they are founded. Lord Mansfield, in tho case of Green v. Harmer, after stating that formerly, where there were mutual debts unconnected, the law said they should not be set-off, but that each party must sue, and that Courts of Equity followed the same rule, because it was the law, - adds, " The na- ; moral sense of mankind was first shocked at this ; in the case of bankrupts and it was provided i forby 4 Anno, c. 17, s 11 and 5 Geo. II., i c. 36, s. 28," It would be astonishing that the provisions here mentioned, and the correspond- ing ones in subsequent enactments, should i t " shock the natural sense of mankind by on injustice, the direct converse of that intended to be removed. Yet such it appears to me I must he the plain effect of the 37th section of , i our Insolvent Act, if the demand of the plain ! tiffs in this case can be defeated by a liability circumstanced as that which these defendants have set off. That section provides that where there are mutual debts between the insolvent and any ( other person upon which a set-off can by law be pleaded on either side, the Commissioner , taking the proof of debt shall thereupon state is the account between, and shall set one debt or demand against the other ; but the Nth section must also be looked to. T latter clause provides that, "in case any creditor shall hold any security for payment of just debt, upon any part of the insolvent estate (and the security held in this case would, in the senseless intended, be deemed such), an amount or value of his security shall be deducted from his dent, and he shall only be looked for and receive payment of a dividend to the balance after such deduction ;" and after providing that the creditor shall on oath put a value upon his security, and that the trustees shall have the option of taking the purity, or reserving it to the creditor, it adds, flour either case the creditor shall be ranked on the divisible fund for the value of his debt so ascertained, together with the other S J r8'Buch creditor being in no event in nttoito draw more than full payment of his The effect of these two clauses, taken to my mistake to be M follows If the de £5 5Ulwd ('respectively of the plaintiffs' oossdemand) claimed on the estate of Has «ngmresnect of the joint and several covenant, way would not have been admitted to prove of more than the excess of the debt were tho value of the security, and and excess was and is all, they could have Mother nothing; or if they had proved (say Sam of this answer without deducting OVER % and without giving the trustees the 2d of taking the security, and they had set 11 Henry (Bay by this Present date) realised w out of the securities, then their crew would have been entirely expunged. nri».8rpoäinß> for the purpose of trying the People, Unt the defendants had been insol just instead of Hosking, and that Hosking 1 fined 5 his separate balance the ut First effect of the mutual debt under the cove he would have been to restrain the admission in Like Proof for so long only as his liability A*.iC0Tenant continued for upon the joint cwt being satisfied by realization on the seen e2 term might have been renewed, and pZ -no. longer have been rejected by the Commssioner ; but indeed I conceive the proper course w 1,1 have been to admit the proof en,? ' . grain sale values owners securities the Zeit -the " 'IS such a could not have been Played on Ticking's estate. Now can it be t ed that the same effect will give i e the fact by making the secured debt Other respectively of the value of the second J true as we hear the set-off is claimed, itself fnVTi,11'"'',l!lJU thereunder pencil g the claim, I,?6 fo bought it' ''c so I'" feel In fly ' {???mei'i, CTUuilyuot; for a- result is in case )h,u are defendants -in enabled to test? a \mu»-«'«l debt -(1 Brokens what 77th Insolvent Court year's men; have the flour proof; as Le plaintiffs dented as"' l can say sugar 2? or' '"" **??«.< seen' her lee < At night an Bartrim »nt'.iquuded open I "hear your, vJl Lan, BAUM' the case.. dants, fey realizing first Oil Hosking's secure l ties, arbitrarily, and of no benefit to them selves lb transfer to the creditors of Hughes and Hosking a fund which in common justice belongs to those of Hosking alone; and a Court of Equity will have sanctioned such transfer only, as it seems to me, to be called upon in another suit to retransfer it as between the two sets of creditors, Unless the claim of the rightful owners is not felt, out of Court, to be too plain for contest. The Decree of Mr. Justice Therry, as I read it, is, therefore, so far as it goes, consistent with what appears to me the due course of Equity, and with the provisions of the Insolvent Act ; whilst the construction put upon it by the rest of the Court is not only opposed to my reading of its language, but to the very widely different views of the principles affecting the defendants and which I entertain. There remains but this further observation to make, that the inconvenience (which was so much pressed of taking the accounts of Hughes and Hosking's transactions in the absence of Hughes or the trustees of the firm, and of the defendants' liability to have to go through them over again with those trustees, cannot justly be made ground of complaint or of resistance by the defendants for it is they themselves that have occasioned the difficulty (if it be one) by availing themselves of the separate covenant of Hosking as a set-off against the plaintiffs' claim. They have taken the benefit of its being a separate debt, and theycannotcomplaiu that the ascertainment of that debt involves the examination of the accounts between themselves and Hughes and Hosking. Upon the whole I clearly and decidedly and here to the opinion expressed at the original hearing but the difference of opinion now on the Bench, together with the importance of the points in themselves, and as affecting the parties in this case, have compelled me to go much more fully into the questions than at that time appeared necessary. IIAUIlBTT V. TOOTH. His Honor the CHIEF' JUSTICE delivered judgment herein for the plaintiff ; a full report of which will appear in a future impression. RYAN v nciCKKixo. Judgment was delivered herein by the majority of the Court in favour of the defendant ; a full report of which will appear in a future impression. . Before His Honor the CHIEF JUSTICE and a Jury of four. KELTIE. DALLY AND OTHERS. This case was tried yesterday ; the Jury found a verdict, for the plaintiff damages £06 Ms. A report will appear in to-morrow's impression; ..'-?. 