THB BORDEAUX TKSTAMENT. The following important extracts from the Bor leaux version of the New Testament, a Roman Ca holic one, published in 1686, were brought for vard by Mr Lord, in his Lecture on the Encroach ments of Popery, and the Duties of Protestants, from a copy now in the library at Durham : — In favour of pilgrimages, the translators thus rendered a portion of St. Luke's Gospel :— S. Luc, ii. 41. Et ses pere et mere alloient torn les ans en pelerinage eo Jerusalem au jour solera nel de la fete de Paque ?' 11 Now his father and mother went every year on a pilgrimage to Jerusalemn on tbe solemn feast-day of tbe Patsover.*' ? 1 Cor., vii. 10 ' Mais a ceux qui sont conjoints par la Sacreroent de Alariape je leur commandenon point moy, raais le Seigneur, Qua la fumrne ne se separe point du raari.' ' But to th«.«o who are joined in the Sacrament of Marriage, I command, yet not I. but tbe Lord, Let not the wife depart from her hu«b*nd.' 2 Cor., vi. 14. ' Ne vousj.iii.Miez point par Sacrement de Manage avec les infiJelles.' ' Be ye not conjoined in the Sacrament of Marriage with unbelievers.' Then, about the Mass, they have, in the Acts of the Apostles, as follows : — Acte, xiii. *2. (Le Sacrifice de la Me»e.) *' Or comma ils offroient au Seigneur le sacrifice de la Messe et qu'ils jeunoient le S. E-prit leur dit. Square moy Saul et Bar nahe pour Fan v re auquel je les ay destiny.' ' As they offered to the Lord the Sacrifice of the Mast, aod as they fasted, the Holy Ghost said, Separate unto roe Paul and Barnabas fur the work whereunto I have called them.' We find no such words in our translation of Scrip, ture. Anybody, however, who will go (as I have gone) to the University of Durham, may satisfy himself; and there may find in this verj translation, called the Bordeaux Testament, the quotations I have cited. Further, on the subject of Purgatory, we there read : — I Cor., iii. 15. ' Si I'auvre de quelqu'un brule il en porterala perte miiU il sera sauvg quant a luy, ainsi toutefois corame par le feu du Purgatoire.' 'If any man's work shall be burned, he shall stiffer loss, but he himself shall be aaved, yet so as by the fir«s of purgatory? Now observe how the Church of Rome, as the Romish translators iu the version, renders the pas sage :— ; 1 Tim., iv. I. 'Or 1' Esprit dit clairement qa'e*s der niers temps qtielques' uns se separeront de la foy Romaine, s'fldonnans aus enpri's d'erreur et aux doctrines enseig nees par let diables.' ' Now the Spirit speaketb exprewlv, that in the latter times some shall depart from the Roman faith, giving beed to seducing spirits, and doctrines taught by devils.' They also introduce the word Hosts, a word we do not find in Scripture: — 1 Peter, ii. 5. ' Vous aussi commes des Pierres vives ettea edifez pour estre one maison spirituelle une sainte sacrirlciteur pour offrir des Hosties *piritne)les.' *? Yon, also, as lively ntcnes, are built op a spiritual ' home, a holy priesthood, to offer op spirit usl Hosts.'* 