j MISCELLANEOUS. j ( From the Man in the Moon. I Probably most of our readers have j already learnt from the papers that a 1 wonderful flight of lady-birds settled : about Kent last week, covering the ! country by hundreds and thousands. | The majority died from rough weather j ! but a few who fell about our office— j we believe purposely, from knowing | we were siugle — were carefully pre- servrd ; and, as they are still under our ! care, we put forward our claims to pre ferment, in the hope that some of our more gallant bachelor readers may take j pity on them. We would really be | very happy to do so ourselves, but, un- I fortunately, our affections arc already engaged. We allow them to speak for themselves, in the order in whicb they were caught -. — Tommy Howard — Wasn't christened ' Tommy,' but xvas called so ever since i she left the nursery, because she xvas ; such a romp. Is 16. Likes fuu so | — oh ! She can't tell how she likes | fun ; and nice things to eat. Don't | know much about whether she should i like to be married ; her sister EllruT j married, and is nixvays making little pinafores. But likes a sweetheart — | has got four ; and they do bring her i such delicious bonbons and Albert rock, i Is very happy and very fat. If any- ! body xvas to oiler to kiss her she would 'say, " Oh —don't worry so!" Thinks . a good romp iu a hay-field xvorlh all | the parlies her sister goes to. Mary It us sell. — Is in the ballet ; j xvould iike to marry and leave the stagr, ! but must have a great lot of money ; (does not know xvhat she xvould buy j with it ; thinks oysters and green i wreaths, and, perhaps, a little dog. ' lias got the loveliest tarletan dress . against the balls begin again, exerseen. | Wouldn't dance the Cellarius — no, not ' for — oh, eversumucli ! Sees such nasty ; people dance it; but the Guards never , do ; likes to dance xvith the Guards at \\\ cippert's ; thinks she can astonish ; xvea!:- minded ones then, in a deux- teuips back step — rather ! Don't like much work, but covers all her own shoes, and mends her gloves. Mother is so tiresome, will sit up for her when she's out. Don't know yet xvhether she shall go to Vestris's or Jullien's theatre. Thinks pickled salmon the loveliest thing for supper in the tvorld. j Sophy Jenkins. — Duu't like her j name at at all. Was once Sophy , Maiinering, but changed it on marry ing the departed Jenkins. Is tired of . xveeds, and only txvo-aud-txvenly. Can't bear her name ; is really so anxious to alter it, that, like the gentleman where she bought her last dress, rite xvould refuse no reasonable offer. ! Jtella If'ilton. — Is considered the belle of every party she goes to. Always is engaged six deep, bul keeps the xvaltxes for her especial favuuriles that she can fly with. Was once let in for a treat xvith a slow young man, and has never trusted random instruc tions siuce for anything but a quadrille. Sings at.d plays, and don't uriud taking a part in a charade. Likes Kensington Gardens, and the Woolwich Ball. J The Pemaundes Joyous. — The sue- j cess which lias attended the reprint of j several o'd tracts by the Shakspeaie, » Canrden, and or her societies, induces us I to re produce the Tetebnitd phamphht j ol Wjukyn de Wiirde bearing the above ixaure. — Desiauxue. — What is yc most j rasping process iu a Clrancrric Court ? Rispoj- je : Filing a bill. «T Demaumte: . Why did Ben Caut iu his fighting daies i.exer feel equal to a pij e ' It.; 15.- caue he xvs alxvays a punx-hin. De- maumle: Why i»a new born chylde like ye bustle of a latlyc's drcssc ? R.: Be cause xou never saxv it before. IT Dc- maunde: Why is it better to be burnt llinn beheaded ? R-: Because a holtc stake is better than a cold chop. YT De maunde : Why myxhte y«u pick yc pocket of yc owner of a gnllciie.of paintings? R.: Because he has pic tures. Yi DcniauiiHc ; What is yemost indioestililc supper that nnie mm may make ? II. : To holt his do>r yc Inst tiling at nijlite. YI Dcmaunde : Why is ye influenza like ye House of Com mons on ye niglitc of a division ? H.: Because sometimes ye " eyes" have it, anil sometimes ye " nose." YT De- maunde: What is yc difference between a lawsuit and ti lawyer ? R.: Because sometymes ye one wont lie, but ye uikc alxvaies ri!l. Yi Dcmaunde : Why is a solar eclipse like a mother thrushin;; her man child ? R.t Because it's hidine ol yc Sonne. Demaundr: What would be yc most likelie tliinj that a sooth sayer's dogge would saie to his master, supposing lie could speak, after lie had xvcM beaten l.im and statrcd him ? It.: He xvould saie. more prog, no sticks. — Man in the Moon. Txvo servants, who had lived many years together with txtt old gcntlemm in Nottliamplonshirc, xvcre one evening sitting by the kitchen fire.xvlien the male said to tlie female — "Hannah, you and 1 have lived many years together, and boon very comfortable ; master gets veiy IUU UIIU Ullll UllIMlUl IsOl IVMIUfUHU xv hen he dies xve shouldn't like to part So suppose xve be married ; xve've saved a bit of money a-piece, and when mas ter's gone, should do on a bit of land What say est, yes or no, at once ?" Hannah replied, " No, l'etcr, I'd lather not." Peter said no more about it. The nest night the same parties sat in (lie srme place. After n little time, Hannah said, " Peter, I've been think- . ing ixborit what you said last night, and I have altered niv mind." Peter answer- | cd in throe xvoids — " So have 1." I Definition. — T'lic height of patience j may be 1 onsidered to be a deaf man J listening for the ticking of a lun-dixl. i " Peer Barnncks, romc up and say I your 'esson." Y'cs, Sir." " What made j Eve cat the forbi >dcn fruit ?" " Becuz j she xxas telied that she didn't ought to." | " How do y. u know that made her eat it?" "Becuz when orrr Judy was for- | bid to Sj-cak to the fellows, she xvrnl and sol right down in John Dibbic's i Why was Hamlet so courageous in 1 "ddressing bis father's ghost ? — Because j he xv is not particular to a shade ! 1 Grace Joke. — A violent opponent of ' Mr. Walker's buriai-ground opinions j says that evrrv eemctry ab-'iut London 1 is " a dead take in' .' — .Man in the ) Moon. 1 d a'certisrnwu t. — John Smith. — If ! the persmot this name, who xvas known ! to I e tiring in or near, London about 1842, will apply to Mr. Brown. 01 Lon- J don, he will hear of something to his 1 advantage. Fleetiny Beauty. — Txvo bloom'tig ! young ladies wera caught out in a i shower very reccntlv.and when they got j ' home the raiu bad washed the very ! Colour out of their che-kt. j ! Bums. Water. — ''If you are fond! | of spirits, Broadcloth," he continued, j " 1 advise you to leave ghosts alone, ' \- and make acquaintance xvith good old . Jamaica spirits. Instead of frightening ' you out of your xvils, they will put . xvits into you, and that won t hurt you j at nu time. If you -continue to drink ' cold xvaler much longer, my boy, your timbers xvil! perish of the dry rot as sure as you are born. You look as yc 1 1 rr as a pun J-l illy noxv ; aud it is ; all oxving to living like them on bad I xv iter. Man xvas never made to drink ' watri, or natur' xvould have put him un : all fuurs xvith his mouth near the rtiu- ' nitig streams, like all animals intended to use it. Bul man xvas calculated to ' stand straight up upou his pegs, xvith ; his mug as far from the cold spriugs land fish-spaxvny brooks as possible, aud 1 had apple-trees, and sugar-canes, and I barley, aud what not, given him ; and i sense put into his pate to distill good j liquor from them, and bauds to lift it ' up to his lips xrheri made, and a joint ; in his neck to bend his head backxvard, that it might slip down his throat easily ! and pleasantly ; and by the same token \- here is your good heallb,old fellow, and < xvislring you might have better beverage | in future than horses and asses have. | Noxv, Jamaica spirits 1 would recotu- ' mend to you.—Life in a Colony by Sam ! Stick. ! Stoppiny the Paper. — Lord Byron, J in reference to the attacks made on bis ' poems, " Hours of Idleness," said — j " There is no man, however ihick- ! headed or heartless, who xvould not j smart under the knowledge that he xvas ; held up in even fifty copies of a nexvs- j paper : there is, however, no one but a very thin-skinned fool xvho would, as I the phrase goes, stop a paper because I it did not chime in with all his notions, 1 or because it attacked him. Whaterer i foible I may have, I am not guilty of this miserable foolery." Speaking of Adverkie Forest, the Morniny Post says : — " Within the last five- years, however, it hai been completely altered by the Marquis nf Abercorn, to xvhotn the neighbourhood is much indebted. Iloxv different is the Marquis of Abercorn from many other noblemen, xvbo are much indebted to the neighbourhood. If a flock of sheep, after having been shorn, xvere to address the shearers, xvhat tree in the forest of Australia . xvould they name? — KuealypSas — "yuu clipt us." Town of the Cotujuered Saeaye.s : Widows Consoled. — The following morning wc again commenced our march, and, after passing over about eight miles more of a fine plain, arrived by midday at the large cluster of spreading trees in which the " White l'aints" loa n existed. Wc found it al ready occupied by about one hundred and fifty warriors of Connel's tribe. There xvas much wailing xvith some of the women and children, bul I lie ma jority uf llicm, to our astonishment, were laughing and merry. Un in quiring the cause of all this, wc soon discovered that a number of the nexv made widows had already accepted many uf Connel's young men fur husbands, and the siiriit uf another hundred war riors, mostly young, entering their loxvn, xvas a pleasing prospect to the remainder It is a custom among the Ilorraforas that, when a warrior has come from battle, or entered an enemy's town, the preliminaries of the presenta tion of the skull and tied leaves, which I hare already described, arc dispensed xvith, and the hero has nothing further to do bul lead home his wife without loss of time, he she maid or widow. — Coulter's ddeentures on the Western Ghist if South . dmeriea Lessuu learned at Home, — The Revcrncd George Beaton, Chaplain of Gloucester Gaol, relates thai when he xvas examining n juvenile offender in the Scriptures, he said lo him, " As inativ as had plagues came to Jesus. ii nai uu yuu mean uy plagues r r ne lad — mindful, no doubt, of xvhat he had oflen heard his mother say — replied, " Children !" How a Wife iras ft 'on and Lost. — A curious circumstance occurred in Newport last week, which wc record as a practical lesson to all naughty boys of twenty-nine or thirty, xvho dare think fur themselves nt that childish age, and pretend to he men enough fur matrimony. Thus it fell out. O11 Wednesday morning Caplain Banks, of theCarlclon, from Loudon, xvilhlhc bold ness of a jack tar, presented himself at St. Woollo's altar, with a blooming lady who had just put off widow's weeds lo become a bride. Here, after some delay, they were regularly " spliced" by sprcial license, and having duly feed the officials, away the happy parly steered lo mine Host Magub's, of lite Commercial Inn, near the dock, there to spend the day, Nc. The flags wared gaily on board tire Carlelon ; that morn ing the hands were all put on double and treble grog allowance, and a sp'endtd breakfast and happy party xvere lo he found at the inn. " All went merry as j marriage bell," as sailh the poet ; and j when night approached, the blushing ! bride hastened lo her chamber to await I the coining of her liege lord. Now the i worthy bridegroom, albeit an abstemious j young jnsn, was this night indueed to I prolong his slay below stairs w ith his j friends, just to take " one glass more." Fatal delay I The " very glass" was j at his lips, when a voice al the door ' pronounced his name, and desired his appearance in another apartment. It j was vcri'y the happy bridegroom's I mother, xvho had come down on the | wings of maternal solicitude, not to hid ! her son good cberr, and to smile upon 1 his marriage, but lo interpose her stern ! commands between her son and his hap- j piness, in fact lo prevent the marriage I of " her hoy." Did he resiri, and lock , the old lady up for a few hours T Did j he say, " Mother, 1 am of age, and can : answer for myself?" Nay; sorry we I are to record, the expectant bride was | deserted, and the submissive hoy of i thirty vests of age was led sway by his ' mamma, and node a prisoner on board! his own ship, with an intimation that! lie should either resign his wife orship. j We do not knoxv hotv the point has! been decided.— Monmouth Merlin. I 