THE PUBLICAN'S ;ACt. His ExCELtENCy's.intentions, with regard to the body 9f Licensed Victuallers, sliowing a lamentable >vaut of understanding with regard t6 ilie true interests of trade; and "of tlie 1 community, have been signally defeated by the Gouncil, : soiiie of the' members of which, * doubtless;' .looking forward toj tbe' tim^ 'when'•'' they shall call ujjmi tlie people'ftir votfes to elect tliem to more hotid'rable seats in a Legislative Assembly, are. striving to acijaire a, cliaracter for supporting liberal lnjeaspresj'anij., opposing those /reaks of'enactments, , whims atid faiitasws,. for. \vhich Hi* - Excellency i3 becoming, so, Jioto-_ rious, aud which he would carry, .if possible, with the sublimity of a deml-god; or, the profo'und; jT y>iZ{' it, of an Eastern.despot., ( ^ , The first section of^lie ^.mfending Act for limiting ^he number of public 4iouses irtj each district,- as well as'the second, which purposed to substitute: a' higher--rate than £25 for the license, have been struck e out of tlie Bill whije under consideration of the Committee. But, in the former instance, not until the intentions of the Government had been exhibited towards the City of Hobart Town. Before the section was rejected, the restriction of. numbers as applying ,t'p this district had, been settled at 15b, Consequently "as .there are.now 181 public'houses open within tlie limits, 31 would have beien deprived of their licenses,' —but, which ones? The Attorney- General stated, :quoting a return furnished by the ,Government, that there are 39 public houses iu Hobart Town of low character, and from these, would have' been struck off 51' of those supposed' to be tho ; Worst, to redtice the number of licenses, granted, to the amount a'greed upon." Now, we should like ttj lenow ,who Jias been the ceiisor, thp dictum of wliom, with regard to the character of jptjblid 'ljouse management, was* to' hav£ 4iech followed in ihif affpir ? • A-ready an.; sVrtr -tifiSSitdiately offers " The .Police 1" Yes, it reftmres—ho ghost : from ihe grav^ to tell us this?'—that; descending from''the Chief police MAgistfate, to' tlrat lowest^ ah'd,i|iirtlest' vci'slon of the Queen's prerogative, ii convict constable,, it would, haveiiefcn Ifeft"to the misre'pres'eiit'atipn of parties to whom mendacity is' the ^neval'xulfe, and 'truth the, exception'; what landlord should be deprived of" his " vested rights ?" What family ^should , be reduced, to penury, and wliose fair fame should have beenblasted. We are.sincerely rejoiced to be.able to congratulate the community upon the defeat of measures, so likely'to be attended' with monstrous evils, and fromwhich, so little good could have resulted. Even, instance the'case of the 150 publicans,— who would have remained, had their licenses been raised £50 a-year, or- perhaps more, for the Government's intention was, to have increased the amount, although,the sum purposed did not come..out in discussion, be* fore the section was quashed altogether,—is it likely their increase of trade would, from decrease' of numbers, have covered the certain outlay and additional expence of licences ? We think not, aud such is . the general opinion, as well as of the most intelligent members of that highly, respectable bod}-, the Licensed Victuallers of Hobart Town'. < • - ' *- • • " - The clause for allowing tlia sale of Ginger'and Spruce Beer, without a license, has passed the Committee, but, as a connter-balacce and as a preventative against,' and to deter sly grog-sellers, the power of the magistrate to inflict any penalty under £50 for -Selling spirituous liquors without a license, has been taken away,' and the minimum fine the magistrate can now reduce, the penalty to, under art}' circumstances, is £20, the maximum £50, remaiii-- ing as before. There are some oilier alterations in progress affecting Cider, Periy andhoifie-made Wines, notices of which, we defer until the" next publication. , , . The principles which we enundated respecting lite water qttesaonare simply these— . ' 1st. The town hus a right to an j ample supply of water. . 2nd. Where" this light of tlte | public can be reconciled with indi- , vidyal interests—do so. , j The first'case, we submit, requires j r.o proof. It is a maxim that the j interests of individuals must not ; stand in the way of the community. The second will be equally- obvious, if we recollect that the common weal is made up of the weal .of the individuals who compose it. That whatever contributes to the latter must advance the former. With regard to tlie-present in- 1 stance it must be ttpparent to eVei'y unprejudiced mind, that • iii the dearth of colonial manufactures,-any one which is not essentially injurious to the 'community, and of which the injury, f if any, can be completely avoided) is atienefit, and should, instead of opposition,-^ withemj . . -w encowiement, r--~r-"rf>.-:r.-,{> not.in,' , consistent with the public good, Foresight, intelligence, , p.eiseveranee, enterprise antl talent, are virtues which should be rewarded if possible., 1 Svere it merely as" ait Jftcentive to others. In the^^ present] instance they have , been of vast benefit to the colony, although, as in other cases of,success, the object of envy and opposition, ,jyiiere, as too often, individual interest has taken the'gujse,of.patriotic feeling, Advertiser of yesterday. 