R ttrjrrfo. ( Concluded.) BY THE ATUHOR OF "TlIB BRIDAL OF Sia ROGER PllVlELT." Inteosalr amazed. Father Peter now gue4, Wtiite blftplout wrath lctndled, and out !t (I'Ut blued "You dan- tosty thUI Anil is it UIIM van ronine To treat the Pope'. flat* Then liart to thj do&m.; Thou ahaU »mm by nlRht -thouihtlt sorrow by daj; And aorrov ahall never be out ol thj may. Thy aoul and thy body are doomed to perdition: And no one shall pity thy hopeless condition,'' But owu llnfrmidi pains and sui-li sorrows are meet For a libertine villain—a bcreUc cheat." Imagine a turlcey-cock swelling wllh rage— J marine « game-cock about to engage— Imagine an umnarrled'malden ca led old — Imagine a Jew Oat has found lilm elf " sold Imagine a bailiff that's let lils man slip— A Nownartetjnctoy (hat's lot fall his ithlp- A great rrtma Donna whose song has been hissed— A fiweotheart that's Just teen his "young 'oman" kissed— Combine, if you can, every species of passion. And you can't form the a Iplitesl Idea of the fashion In which the Lord Raymond now rushed at the prlelt, Who wasn't mdlijod jor a tussle; at least He turned pietty sharply, iccelring a wliaek ™ " 'oe on the nethermost point of his back. Which made him cry "Oh," and tie off in a crack, Like a round Utile "tutor" shot out of a tack. » - • • A month had passed by, and again, as before, LoM Raymond was gloomily pacing the floor J But nobody came with a tap at the door. His visage was wan, and his brows were close lmltted- Me looked very much like a ghost who has quitted His coffin, and come for a gulph of fresh air, As he finds, down below, that there's little to spare. And tome of the old ones hare swallowed hit share. He had sorrowed by night, he had sorrowed by day, And sorrow had never been out of his way J rem the time that the parson h»d asked him to pay. H « household had suffered all kinds of mishap— Ulafortpne, they say, never hits us by taps, But thunders upon us In terrible clapi. His hawks got the pip, and horses fell lame; 11U dogs ran away at the sight ot the gamel Ills fields were dried up; and he found, when he sent. His tenants were ruined, and couldn't pay rent. J.0 wonder Ids patience and e ursge were spent I But far beyond all these terrostial »•"• His castle " Who seem Where'er be might go, Above or below. Was heard all around Such a medley of sound - Such a whispering and chattering, Bustle and clattering; And then there would follow Peals of laughter so hollow; (Such as Mr. O, Smith does, when acting the wretch Bo hardened, he laughs in thB (ace of Jack Ketch- Enough to make one's hair stand on end, Ajid ail the warmth wit of your body to Bond) But scarcely a word Could be distnetly heard, Except now and then, when the whole troiv would bellow, "Kick a prlestl kick a priest 1 You're the right sort of fellow t" Or a voice, all alone, would resound through the din, "Lord Bayraowil jiow, why don't you fork out the tin 1" cowardly knight; .— of things out of ale,.., Bid snake him feel something extremely like fright; For its rather unpleasant When voices are present. And seem to come near, And bawl In your ear, And you turn to the left, and you turn to the right. But find not a soul, not a creature, In sight. The sight of a ghost or a dun might apiial, But it's not half so fearful as—nothing at all. Th« Baron fell sick, and he took to his bed, A "jj™ cupped, aud was blistered, and physicked, and You wouldu't believe, And you couldn't conceive* The oceans of stuff that the leech made him swallow; How powders, draughts, pills, in succession would follow, Till lie felt himself growing each moment more hollow. But all remedies failed-day by day be grew worse; It was clear that his body was under a curse; All the doctors confessed that uo physlck availed him, And they couldn't find out what the deuce itwu ailed They had settled he might last out three days at least. When the Lord of Corasse muttered "6end for the priest." Nor need I tell how, when the messenger went, Father Peter would hardly believe he'd been sent, But settled, at length, that he'd certainly come, though \- He vowed that he never had seen such So he pnt on u hat, (Three cornered and flat). Seised a stick, like a crook, Wbich hung on a hook. And set off at u trot, Though the weather was hot— go." "1 hough he hadn't much wind, and Ids figure was squat His way to the castle was all up the hill; But he would keep on trotting and trotting, until Alt'his tat body shook, when he got to the top, v L%e a dish of titanc mrinffr In a pastrycook's shop; While the tbolstura time oozed from his face, drop end Made his gnraents in front all as wet as Though he did use the end of his sleeve sop, He knocked at the gate, andheenteied with dread: ' But he'd nothing to fear, for the dogs were all dead i 'But the exit he made there came into his mind. And caused an unpleasant tensation behind. However, be followed the page, and was led Through windings and rooms till he came to the bed V here Lord Kaymond was lying, and looking half-dead The priest when he saw him woe really amazed, His face was so white, and his eyes were so glazed— He looked like a spirit, some wizard had raised. The Lord of Corasse gave a wave of the hand, The doctors and iiages obeyed the command. The priest and the sinner remained there alone; And the latter thus spoke, in a very low tone— " Father Peter, I'm done for!—I know there's no hope; But I wish to make friends with yourself and the Pope. You'll find a large bag if you look io that chest. Tied up with .red ribbon, aud sealed with their crest. Cut It open—you'll find that it's full of good metal. Host reverend penon. Forgive my behaviour."— The sturdy old castle itself seemed to shake- You'd have sworn that the dead in their coffins must wake. No voice in the world such a rumpus could make. The Priest muttered nrri ahd credos In fright; he sat bolt uprlgh > Ihe vllllans last err! I've cheated Old Nick—and I'; Q not going to die." From that day, from that hour. Lord Baymondgot right And couldn't bear physic or doctors In sight, From that day, from that hour, the lord of Consso Never hunted on Sunday, and was always at mass. And never once drunk ah immoderate glaii; And never, of course, was seen kissing a lass. (But regarding this last point, some authors suppose That the Lord ofConuse Did still love a lass, Though he managed the kissing "all under the rose." Vor me to decide woul.i be clearly presumption; I can only deolare That his external air Didn't give the least grounds for this naughty assumption.) And many a cavalier feelingly cried, " He might have had faults, but I swear by the man, There wasn't a kinght In all Franne could surpass The brave Barve Raymond, the Lord of Corasse." HO&AL.; J/ a creditor prooca ]f ever Bay that pou t _ But if he get$ tauey, j/ou'lljind that a hick Is the best thins to aid hipt in " cutting hi* ttickf*' Though J etrongly adeite, ere you try on this trick That yau fe-el quite assured, in so serious a matter, Won't have his action against you for battery. Pay your tithes when they're due, and don't jealtfor prestieg— A row mith the clergy is always distressing— They heme such a hnaeh of bestowing "a blessin Tea can't look perfeeti'm without a clean shirt. 