baptismal regeneration The prevailing and most fundamental error of the day in our Church is that of the spiritual regenera tion of every infant in baptism. The doctrine of ihe duty and privilege of baptizing infants is most clearly to be deduced frem Scripture; their necssary spiritual regeneration by the act, is a fond thing the invention of carnal men. It is a fundamental error, for it makes the man who holds it found his entire ministry, as it regards the state of man, on a false basis, and the foundation be- ing unsound, the whole superstructure is infected with 'the original mischief.' A whole congregation are taught that they are spiritual creatures, while they may be altogether dead in trespasses and sins; and they maybe exhorted as children," Why do ye such things? is no good report that I hear;" while the true exhortation would he that of the apostle to some in the baptized Church of Ephesians, "Awake, thou that sleepest and arise fiom the dead, and Christ shall give you light."' It is a dogma that has less than the least founda tion in Scripture.— that is, it has there no foundation at all; for there is in the New Testament no command to baptize an infant; and no clear instance of an in- ant having been baptized. -In the case of circumci- sion,(from whieh much is justly deduced in favour of infant baptism.) if the holy rile were not administered on the eight day, tlint soul was cut off from Israel,— a.ud yet, no spiritual 1 renewal or regeneration necessa rily followed; but earnal men have received it as a part of their ereed, that the ordinance of baptism in tho Christian Church, not commanded to infants at el! necessarily carries with it, in every case, the most mo mentous cbasge which God accomplishes on man, the change from death to life. Ag it regards the nature and effect of baptism as a sacrement, te Church beautifully unfolds the truth in our Twenty-fifth and Twenty-seventh Articles. IH Scripture, our Lord's first annunciation in relation to the new birth, is made to Nicodemus, without auy re ference to the si an and seal of it, divinely appointed to be observed; "Verily, verily, Isay unto thee, Except a man bG born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." Born again, by what operation? "I indeed," said John, "baptize vou wi'n water, but he shall hap. tize you with the Holy Ghost." Here is the We giver.- But to enter the kingdom of God. there must not only be the reception of the Gospel in the heart, but the pro fession of i t with the mouth and in the heart of the di vinely appointed instrument. Accordinigy, upon cur Lord btiug anew appealed to by Nicodemus, he gay, " Exeepta man be born of water and of the Spirit, be cannot eater the kingdom of God." To the same effect, the Scripture, teaching us els-, where of the necessity to salvation not only of iaith but of the public profession o' that faith, sometimesa . ludetothe sign aud seal of the faith in speaking of the profession, and sometimes do uot. They speak, in one place, of" the washing of regeneration and the renewing of the Holy Ghost" (Titusjiii. 5.) where the reference to baptism is clear and undeniable. But in auother place they teach us, "If thou shall confess with thy mouth, the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe iu thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved" (R to baptize whatever. The thing signified, faith aud the new birth by the Holy Ghost, is never omitted but according to obvious litnsS3 aud propriety, the sign without the profession, or the profession without the sign, are indiscriminately introduced; for those latter are important to salvation uot in the nature oi things, as is the new birth of the soul by the Holy- Ghost unto that holiness without which no man can see the Lord, but as the divinely appoiuled iaodcof professing the faith before the world, and also of strengthening aud confirming the faith aud new liie previously imparted. It is only by men reading the Articles and Services of cur Church with a carnal eye that they reach, iu relation to the doctrine, auy other issue than thai which the Scripture unfolds. Strange, indeed, were it, if this scriptural Church should dogmatically pro- uouuee on the new birth of every infant brought to the baptismal font, while the Bible, far from using si milar language, does not give a solitary instance of iufaur baptism, or say a single word in relation to it. The method by which the Bishop of Exeter and all other carnal meu, reach their conclusion, is by embraoiug the parts of tha s ervices which seem to countenance their pestiferous dogma, and by re jectiug those parts of them which are inconsistent with it; it is no other, in short, than the piau by which men dealing with the sacred Sciptures, have run iuto all error and heresy in all ages; The Church in her Twenty-seventh Article has ad mirably expounded the doctrine relating to baptism ; and in her rwenfyfitth and Twenty-ninth she declars ihe fact that it is they only who receive the sacra ments worthily, upon whom they have a wholesomr operation, but on others, who are wicked, or who pos sess not a lively faith, they receive them rather to then condemnation. In the Eleventh Article, on the justification or salvation of man, she lays the foundation of the whole where God lays it. " We are accounted righteous before God only for the merit of our Lord and Savi our Jesus Christ by faith." " Wherefore that we ate justified by faith only is a most wholesome doc trine as is more largely expressed in the Homi ly on Justification." On this foundation, accordingly, she lays the doc trine of baptisms. In adult baptism it is only after the profession of a true faith, and the vow of a walk before God in con formity with that faith, that tbe Church administers the holy sacrament ! and, having done so. she imme diately thereafter, in the exercise of an expansive charity, says,' Seeing now, dearly beloved brethren, that THIS PERSON IS REGENERATE-' And thus exactly in the case of infant baptism ; having FIRST, with equal exactness and particularity, required from the infant in the name of the sureties, in the name of the the infant, the confession of a true faith and the pro mise to renounce the world, the flesh, and the devil, she then, with faith professed as the foundation, and in the exercise of charity as before.—" Seeing now, dearly beloved brethren, that this child is regenerate. The two services for adult and infant baptism are in truth one, only with the alterations uecessary to meet the differences of age and circumstances. Both rest on the profession of a true faith aud a correspondent 'life ; and both class of recipients, a'ter this confes sion and promise, and the administration of the sign and seai of the great event, are equally declared to be regenerate. But supposing the adult, after baptism, shows by living in a course of sin, that he has no true faith, ami that his professiou was false, how is he to be judged or? The Church answers in several places to the effect of Peter's announcement to Simon Magus, ''Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter. .. .for I per ceive thou art in the gall of bitterness end bond of iniquity," And so is the infant, if after he has grown to know his right hand from his left, and to distin guish things that differ, instead of seeing the working of the Spirit of Christ in his heart, drawing up his mind to high and heavenly things, he remains carnal, grovelling like an earth wo'm on the earth, and his heart and affections turning away as much as they can from God and Christ and things divine, then in this case also, the charity of the Church under which she hoped, while she baptized with water, the Holy Ghost had baptized with fire, was misplaced, and the creature before her is still carnal, in his natural state, and needs still, for salvation to be born again of the Holy Ghost. The state of the child, indeed, as of the adult, is. as regards God and man, changed by his outward profession and bapiism ; they are both mem bers of the visible Church ; and gieat privileges and awful responsibilities are inseparably connected there with. But as it respects Ihe essential qualities of the soul — as it respects spiritual life, thsy are de.sd ; they are as much as the circumcised Jews who gloried io their relation to Abraham, aud that to them belonged " the adoption and the glory aud the covenants." — dead in trespasses and stus. And so another dogma of people of this descrip tion, that in baptism, the imputation and effects of original sin are removed from the infant, is equally fabulous and unscriptural. If.it were so, infants not having committed actual sin, and being by baptism rendered pure from their birth sin, could not die. Death is the wages of sin; but they purified from all sin, could not die. But the Church- annihilates the error in the Ninth Article, in which the teaches us, that " in every person born into this world it daser- veth God's wrath and damnation. And-lhts infection of nature doth, remain, yea, in them that are regenera ted." Our readers may be assured that they cannot sst themselves too persevering against this m ster evil of the day. It is the instrument of Satan by which myriads are lulled to sleep, and by which myriads more, who once appeared awake, are aain cradled to re puss in the arms of the world aud of a false and ruinous security. The enquiry no longer is, Am I born f om a o-.-e ?" No, that is a settled j.oiat, That was my privilege in bapiism. I then became posses sor of all that is meant by the Divine and spiritual nature, by the life cf God in the soul of man. Won« drous little, indeed, did it on this supposition mean, instead of meaning so much, that the inspired writers seem to labour for images sufficiently strong to de scribe the immensity of the change ! Such persons may go to Church on Sundays and saint-days and week-days. In these mat lets they may nearly equal in regularity and zeal the devotees of Rome. By these means they may be taught, by false teachers, that they shall secure their salvation, and accordingly yield the service,— while all the time they are tha chil dren of the dust and of the world, living in and to the world, having that friendship to tire world which is enmi'y to God, aud, awful thought to all, and no; the least so to the deluding pries', go down at last to he grave with a- lie in their right hand. . Poseyism in a Butter Stamp— Confession.— The rev, vicar of Thorverton carries his high Trac- tarian principles even not to his eating, and has actually 6ent a butter stamp; with the sign of the Cross, to the worthy fanner who supplies hiut. It was in this parish that the confessional system was reviled and derided so much, iu consequence of the reports or revealed confession, which were spread therein. There are two factions to this day— one who declares that the confessor's wife told all the stories, another that the penitent's themselves, in ihe lightness of their hearts, after haviug been duly shrived, told their neighbours what a lot of sins they had disposed of,— Western Times The Revelations of Astronomy— How few men really believe that they sojourn on a whirling globe, and that each day and year of life is measured by its revolutions, regulating the- labours uud repose of every race of beinas. How few believe that the great luminary of the firmameat, whose restless activity they daily witness, in an immoveable star, controlling by its solid mass, the primary planets which compose our system, and forming the gnomon of the great dial whieh measure the thread of life, the tenure of empire and the great 'cycles of the world's change. How lew beiieve thut each of tbe millions of stars— those atoms of light' which the telescope can scarcely descry— are the centres of planetary systems that may equal, it not surpass ours ? And horv very few beli-ve luat the solid pavement of the globe, up-. n which h y ciambcr is an elastic crust, imprisoning firesaud ioroes which have often burst forth in tremendous energy, and are at this very iustaut struggling to escape uow finding thetr way in vulcanic fires — now heavingand shaking the earth —now upraising isiands and continents, and gathering strength for that final outbu.-st which is to usher in tbe new heavens and tbe new earth, "wherein dwellnih righie insiiess." Were these great nhysica- truths objects of faith as well i s dedne ions . f cason, we shuuid iead a better life than v, e do, auu uiaac u quicker preparation for its close.- Dr Nickol. 