IRELAND. The following particulars, from the Times of the 22nd January, have not previously appeared in the Colonial journals. Dublin, Jan. 20. THE SHREWSBURY CHARGES. While the ' Lion of the fold of Judah' still preserves an ominous silence, , his suffragan bishops seem determined that the impression created by the Shrewsbury missive shall, not be permitted to .fade from public, notice without the most stringent efforts on their .part to add to its notoriety by the .pnblication of dis claimers in the usual shape of abusive and frothy resolutions. In the Castlebar Telegraph of yesterday, there appears a report of a meeting of the clergy of the diocese of Killala, which was presided over by the bishop, the Right Rev. Dr. Feeny. The 'resolves ' were, generally speaking, couched in language almost identical with the several series which have already met the public eye, the exceptions being merely the two con cluding ones, which ran as follows : — ' Resolved — That the hostile spirit of the English people towards the Irish priesthood is evinced by the fact, that the reiterated denunciations. poure'd forth at the last session of Parliament against the inhuman oppression, the systematic tyranny, and the grinding injustice of the Irish landlords, are passed over in silence; while certain members of Par liament are reported to inveigh slander ously against the more temperate, and certainly the less inflammatory, language of the priest, and try to avert attention from the real cause of the evil by fasten ing the guilt on the shoulders of those who are now, as well as on every other similar occasion, the best conservators of the publicpeace. , 'Resolved— That the result, of the Special Commission, now sitting, will prove, as the experience ,of ages hath already too clearly proved, that the rela tions between landlordsand tenants are. the' never-failing sources of the miseries as well as of the murders of Ireland ; and that Parliament, if it merely wishes to alleviate the former and prevent the latter, must devise some means by which the weal of the poor as well as the rights of the rich, may be secured. ' THOMAS FEENY, Chairman.' Suicide of Professor M'Cullagh, F.T.C.D.— The city was startled yester day morning with the terrible announce ment that this most distinguished man had committed suicide. On inquiry, the melancholy fact proved true ; and one of the most scientific minds in Europe, as well as the most accomplished, lies now a corpse within the halls which his genius once adorned. It appears that Professor M'Cullagh was for some days ill of dyspepsia, and had been under the treatment of Dr. Stokes. The disease, however, assumed no graver character, than dyspepsia, accompanied with lowness of spirits. On Friday last he rallied very considerably, and on Sunday attended as usual, the College chapel, after having Dr. Stokes at breakfast. He walked afterwards with his friends, and conversed cheerfully as he was wont to do. None could suspect the fatal tragedy which was to be consummated so soon afterwards. He did not go to Commons, but dined in his chambers. At half- past eight o'clock his servant saw him for the last time alive. In one half-hour after, the. same servant saw. him dead, with his throat cut from ear to ear. The razor was found close beside him ; and no doubt remained of the suicide, which has caused a prodigious sensation in the society of Dublin, and will re sound throughout Europe. It is un necessary to name the amount ofi ser vices rendered to modern science by this illustrious man. ' His name was familiar to every country which cultivated the loftier sciences. Professor M'Cullagh in Germany was looked upon as the most original genius in the British empire. The late contest for the College represen tation on liberal principles brought him more into public notice, and 'the high toned and gentlemanly bearing with which he conducted himself on that occasion won for him the esteem of all men. Ireland has, in truth, sustained a profound loss. One of her most illus trious lights is extinguished,— Limerich Chronicle, October 27 Arrival of a Roman Vessel in Cork. — A large, well-appointed brig, belonging to the States of the Church had arrived in Cork, and was stationed in the south chan nel. She is appropriately named after the present pontiff, the characters ''Pio IX." being engraved in large letters on her stern. New Street Cab - Several of the new patent cabs; have corrimehced running they 'are of a superior construction to th generality of street cabs, being similar 11 appearance' to a private Clar'ence carriage brilVi much lighter;- They,1 are dfaiVn b; bn'tt' h6rtefH5d/^tt,ch Vehicle fa fitted wit ihe patent1 geometer, having, a'dial plat inside the carriage, by whloh a ptissonge bun immediately ascertain the distance, h has travelled. The index is worked , b; trie 'near ;hlhd wheel; and the apparatui whloh 1b extremely simple and hot likel; to get out of order. oocuiJles'very littl room, and but for, -trie. dfnl -pinto wouli fiicnrcely be perceived. ? i.' ? - China; SdppI'ied' with British Tea. — ( Jhe Delhi* Gazette has a leading article, n a late' number 'on the, tea 'plantations of ' kuraaoon,.district of the^Himalaya range, rhlchVis curious and -.interesting. Ac-, ording^to it, the tea grown there seems ^ iner, as it certainly'is purer, than Chinese' ea, A market is openingtfor^ it not only 0 the no'rtn, 'Witn' the' ChinesieTandrTi tetians, but to. the south', least', and west, ( vith the natives^ of India, wh6 are be-' ginning to' use tea freely The , Gazette , [oes on to say — ' The highest price ealised for- green tea was 10 rupees S innas per seer ; the lowest 9r. ,4a ' The ilack tea was sold for from it. 8a: the lighest, to 4r. the lowest price for the lame quantity. Nearly one-half the luantity disposed of found its way into he hands of natives, and of that half iome eight or ten boxes were purchased iy Bhootees, occupying the tract border ing on China Tartary, for sale in that :ountry, where Kumaoon tea is in de mand ; and no wonder, for there the :ake (or brick) tea procurable is of a miserable description,. aW if the importa tion -of (British tea be not prohibited by Lhe Supreme Chinese Government, the market of Ladakh and Guftokh will ere long be supplied from our provinces. It would indeed be a novelty' to find a country depending on the Celestial Errip'ire supplied( with' tea' manufactured in our provinces.; and that, whilst the Chinese Tartars are purchasing teas from us on the western frontier kingdom, we, on the other hand, are buying from the Chinese at the other extremity of their empire. Vast additions have been made to the tea plantations, for instead of 100,000, there are now nearly 1,000,000 of plants. We have already mentioned that an in crease to the plantations of 1000 acres had been sanctioned, by Government, and how learn that the 400 allotted for the Dhoon of Dhera are already under culti vation, and that it is probable not only that the whole of the land authorised will be taken in before the end of the present season, but that the greater portion will be. covered with lea plants. When the price of this tea falls, as it assuredly will do the moment the plantations yield a sufficiently large quantity, to 2r. or 3r. per seer, the article must in a great measure, supersede that from China, for few people would be inclined to pay 5r, or 9r. for what they could get, almost at their own doors at half price. It is, moreover, beyond a doubt, that most of the Chinese tea sent to this country is adulterated. SinoularMarruoe. — ' We are about' says a Frankfort letter, ' to witness a marriage of a very singular description Mddle de 'Rechienbach, daughter of the late Grand Duke of Hesse-Castle/ by a morganatic marriage, was divorced from her' first husband, Count de Luktner. She -then married M. Wolzdorff, a coun cillor of state, who -died two years ago. She is now about to ' remarry her first husband, the political differences which led to their divorce no longer existing.' \- The Deluge, — Geologists are now converging to'the opinion that there are no sensible vestiges of the deluge upon the earth; and Dr. Fleming, who is of this opinion, contends also' for its con sistency with the truth of the Scriptural deluge, in that it may have been brought upon the world 'without the alterations of any of its sensible features. And certain it' is, that if the water from beneath came . by openings, in the bottom of the sea, or by the fountains ol the great deep being broken up, one can imagine an elevation of level from this cause without any such disturbance on the surface of the earth, as might affecl aught .that is visible'. either in its island: or continents. ' The slppping of the foun tains of the deep, through which there was an efflux of -water from beneath 'won id restrain the further increase of thi flood .from that quarter, but unless there were other openings made by which a refluac. could be 'effected, one does not see how the decrease of the .flood can be ac counted foi. The wind might take uj all ' that had been deposited from above but this alone would not effect a .cubsi dency of the waters to their former .level The sending forth of.the dove, her finding no rest for the sole of her foot, her returr to the ark, the projection of the ham through the window to .pull her in, hei second 'mission and return' with the oliv- leaf, altogether make up a very graphica representation. I may here record thi strong interest I feel in these Scriptun histories, enhanced I have no doubt bj the recollections of my boyhood, convin cing me that it is a most useful educatioi for the juvenile. mind to be seasoned anc made familiar therewith. Wilkie thi paintertold me that the ark experimen of a bird ,was tried with a dove from 1 balloon, 'and that it returned after it hat been let out, and. that an experiment wa intended with a raven, but I have no heard if the latter trial has actually beei made. — -D-'. CJialmera', Daily darip ture Rradinri*. , - ' A- Lips1 Preserver for Thrashers.— Tear a piece off the finest sponge,' enougl to cover the' mouth and nostrils, hollow i out so as to fit closely ; tack a ,tapestrin| around the outside long enough to ti over the top of, the head.; soak .the spong in soft water and s.nueeze the water ou with the hand,1 and, when 'ready to com mence work, tie.it on tightly and evenly so as to cover the mouth and nostril completely. You xan breathe and tal thro gh the sponge almost as freely a without it, and you can thrash where th dustrises like adense fog around the heac and the lungs will be1 as free from harr as if you were hoeing corn. I hav thrashed with a machine for the past fou years, and always suffered much froi the dust inhaled into the lungs until lai year, when I tried the sponge, and I ca ? truly say it has been a Hfe-preservejM \ meJ—(OJiin Cultivator.) Would not 1 similar contrivance preserve grinder stonemasons, and others, from the fati » diseases to which they Are liable throjug 1 the inhalation of, minute particles, - 5 metal and Btoric ? ,, . . ..-??- f A correspondent of the Sundorlan j Herald 'advises the young ; mert in shb) t to start ^ Don't-eourt-the-lasses-wht go-a-ahopping-after- six-o'olook, Leagu ' He thinkstlmt would btUeffeotual; . Why is a hot roll like a baterpillar 1 l Because It's the grub that makes, tl bnf«cr-fly .Goi&cf; Ahead. — Th'e following queer! paragraphs from the' ew York Sun : — ; Indications, we consider, are strong that we may'.-yet be called to admit Old Kng- - land to the ' blessings and honours of the republic.'' It will be extending the area jf our territory rather wide, but Republi can principles are strong enough to protect* the whole earth in one compact. The inly objection we can have at present to Lhe annexation of England is the want of intelligence and preparation in her masses: these, however, could be soon' educated right. Speaking our language she has superior, claims upon our sympathies, and we may as well take her in a lnmp, as to be dribbling her away by emigration, at the rate of a million a year. The Lancashire and Yorkshire boys would soon .drop their uncouth dialects, and adopting the English language, make good freemen and citizens Stranger things have been seen than parents seeking the protection of their children, which will be the case when we gather England into j the Union." The City 'of Venice is about! to send a-' present to the Pope. The offering selected for the successor of St Peter consists of — ei.Jit 1 rviarltti le Jitic pierm ofc /«*»-m/ Wh^t would Peter have said to such a present ? Military Execution in India. — The progress- of insubordination amongst the European soldiers of her Majesty's corps in the Upper Provinces has not been at all checked by the threats of severity that have been held out, and the Com mander-in-Chief, af er -issuing : a long order, framed with the object of dispel ing the delusion prevalent with respect to the treatment felons , receive on transpor tation, has found it necessary to order the sentence of death to be carried out in two instances. In' one of these a man named Atkins, who had been convicted of striking an 1 assistant-surgeon, was selected- as victim, and twelve men were ordered to act as executioners. All the troops at Meerut4' were 'assembled to witness the scene. The unhappy man to the last ex pected a reprieve. At .length, however, the mandate was given to fire ; and, strange 10 s'ay, but on-t bullet struck him, and that in the thigh. The provost sergeant stepped forward, and blew out his brains with' a -pistol, arid all the twelve, men who. had fired were cost into confinement, and will be tried for a con spiracy, to evade the performance of their duty., Of the other execution, no parti culars has yet been received. The Gender of Ego. — The following occurred in a school not one hundred miles from London : — Teacher : 'What pait of speech is the word egg?'* Boy (hesitating): 'Noun, sir.' Teacher: ' What is the gender V Boy (perplexed): 'Can't tell 'sir.' Teacher : '?? Is it mas culine, feminine, or neuter ?' Boy '(look- ing 'sharp): '.Cah'i say,' sir, till ^t's hatched * 'Teacher : ' Well) , then, my lad, can you tell me the case V Boy (quickly) : ' Oh, yes, it's the shell, sir.' Fine Old Fellows.— There are .now living at Lorton. near Cockerinoulh, two men, .whose united' ages amount to 185 years,' namely. Mr. William Jennings, 98, and Mr. Stephen Martin, 87, the latter of whom is strong, in - excellent health, and following the laborious occu pation of breaking stones. It may further be worthy of notice, that, the gentleman of 87 served an apprenticeship to a shoe maker, with the venerable worthy of 98, upwards of 70 years ago. ':The Mayor Excepted. — A travellei having made an excellent supper atari irin »in' North Wales observed, thai ' nobody could have made a better.' ' Stop, stop,' said th« landlord, ' you arc in ..Wales, sir, and must not make any personal comparisons without adding ' th* Mayor excepted.'' ??No,'1 xejoins th- other, ' I'll ' neither except mayor noi alderman. I say no man .could havi made a better supper than I have done.' ' Will you not,' said Boniface, 'then, le me tell .you, you'll be fined five- shillings.' 'Fined or confined, it matters not, 1*1 not except a soul of them.' The land lord made his exit, but the nextmorninf summoned his guest before the Mayor foi this act of petty treason, and the tine wa in ^consequence, exacted and paid ; whei the traveller turning round to the landlord in open . court, thus addressed him '.— ' I have travelled through the gr'eate part of England, Scotland, and Ireland and except in the' identical animal tha chews the thistle, I have never met will so egregious an ass as you are, landlord, and then, turning with an air of profouni reverence to the bench, he.added, ' th Mayor excepled.' A True Ghost Story. — Dr. Fowler Bishop of .Gloucester j 'in the early, part of the eighteenth century, was a believer in apparitions. The '.following conversa tion of the Bishop with Judge Powell is recorded ?. — ' Since I saw you,' said the lawyer, u I have had ocular demonstra tion of the existence of nocturnal appari tion.'* " I am glad you are become convert to truth.; but, do you say ocular demonstration? Let me know the par ticulars of the story ' ' My lord, I will It was — let me see — last Thursday night between the hours' of eleven and twelve but nearer the latter than the former, as I lay sleeping in my bed, I was suddenly awakened by. an uncommon noise, and heard something coming up stairs, and stalking directly towards my room. The door flying open I drew back my curtain and saw a faint glimmering light enter my chamber.' ' Of a pale colour, no doubt?' ' The light was of a pale blue, my lord, and followed by a tall meagre personage, his locks hoary with age, an clothed in a long loose gown ; a leather girdle was about his loins, his beard thick and grizzly, a large fur cap on his head and a long staff in his hand, Struck with astonishment, I remained some time motionless and silent ; the figure advanced staring me full in the face ; I then said Whence and what art thou ?'' ' What was the answer — tell me— -what was the answer ?' ' The following was the answer I received :—? I am watchman of the night, an't please your honor and made bold to come up stairs to in form the family of the street door being open, and that if it was not soon shut they would probably be robbed ' before morning,'' Another Niagara, — A cataract has been discovered on the river St. Louis, where it falls into the western extremity of Lake Superior, which has never been described by any geographer. It is said a be only second to Niagara. , Toe oluine of water is very great,, and the terpendicular height of the fall^ one kundred and fifty feet,' , - ~ . I Opening of Runic Barrows in Swk- ' -en. The CrownPrince has lately di ected several of the Runic barrows, or ' giants' graves' in the neighbourhood of I Did Upsala, to be 'opened at his cost. ' Jdin'a-hill was the first opened,, when ;lear proofs were fouud that the hill was lot formed by nature, but by human lands,' although the urn, with the bones -f the inhumed therein, and which in all probability, is in the centre of the hill, mad not been' found. A hearth formed of extraordinary large bricks', was% first dis covered in the interior, and at a distance af about twenty -three yards a strong wall , of large pieces of granite, resting on a solid floor made of clay ; the wall formed the corner of a large grotto,-' of from four to nine feet in height. There were ashes and other traces ' of fire. Unfortunately the Advanced period of the year has for the present interrupted the works, but they will be resumed in the summer— -/Stock- holm Paper. KNGINEE.KINQ IN THE NINETEENTH CeN tury.' — We have Nan engineer in England who has made a double ^pathway .and reared a range of arches under the belly of an old Father Thames ; there is another who, has formed the bold scheme of sus pending an aerial tunnel over the'Menai Straits; there is another, who has made the cliffs of Dover topple into the sea like snow from a house side, and would 'think it no great achievement to place the rock of Gibraltar on the other side of the strait. We- have engineers in England who would have put London and Edinburgh cheek by jowl ; there are others who propose to join the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and also the Red and Mediterranean Seas; and last, though not least, there are others whu propose to bore a hole-through the. Alps. Alii this -and much more they have Uont and propose lo do.— The [Builder. t ' 