GllOST'STORY. (Original)- ,'' " But why should not God interfere In the tri flint; concerns of human heart ga ? Are not human 'beings themselves altogether trifling ?" said my friend to me, as we walked, beside, from a home where we had spent'the'evening together;, and where the conversation had turned upon that uni versally interesting subject,' the roiiríexlórí he. tween the material and the immaterial world Human beings." I replied, are undoubtedly insignificant enough,' compared to Him. but that "if only, to my mind-, or additional reason why He" shoulders. for such being 'break, through the I «stabtitiheddawii'of'nature. 3 We ali'irreHÍHtlbty'i "(Iri'vciCto expect effects cominerisurà'tei with the magnitude of the operations employed ; which can scarcely he supposed of the greater part of the tale told to-night and for my part. I think the belief in such tales generates a state of feeling alike at variance with enlightened knowledge and simple faith, and tends, to keep' both, mind and body in a start of slavish injections to their fears and hitfoted superstition." " But how do we know," said he, " that the established laws of Nature are broken through ? how do we know but that such interference is one of those laws of We ought not, in fact, to pass me that we have any knowledge of what those laws are; our ken is by far too limited; we cannot even comprehend the laws of the material world, though our material senses are adapted to their comprehension; and how shall we imagine that we can take cognisance of the laws of the world of spiritual beings ? if my bodily eye can see things' of the same nature as itself, why should not the eye of my spirit be conscious of a being of its own nature of my flesh can feel pain from coming n rude contact with another similar body, why should not my spirit feel pain when subjected to hostile influences of its own nature ?" " You are alluding to presentiments." " I am ; why should not our spirits, being in their nature ethereal, have senses which our bodies have not, and consequently be a conscious of things which our mere intellect is entirely ignorant of ?" " Well, but said I, for | I found it easier to make objections, than to answer , my friend's queries, " what good end was to be answered by the ghost tale of the ' Doctor and his Horse, that you yourself narrated last evening ?" > " Let me narrate it again," said he " for it is one of a large class which are apparently obnoxious to your objection question ; so that, if I can show a possible good to arise from such you will be more willing to admit the plausibility of what I say of others." Two men-farmers, but of a respectable class had been spending the evening together at the house of one of them. The evening drawing to a close, the visitor prepared to depart, and the host accompanied him part of the way home ; when they came to the spot where it was customary for them to separate, they stood awhile to finish their chat ; there was no hurry ; the evening was a clear fine starlight one, though there was no moon ; so they stood for they were attached friends and though they often met, they were not often in a hurry to part. , While they were thus prolonging the pleasant moments, suddenly the host uttered an exclama- tion, which drew the attention of his visitor, and they both stood for some moments too much absorbed by their feelings to speak at length they looked at each other, and perceived that the same sight had arrested the attention of both. " What can it mean?" I cannot tell," was all that could be said on either side for some time. The road that remained for the visitor to tread was a dark and gloomy ravine, which he usually preferred to the high road on account of its nearness, but the sight he had just seen almost deterred him from continuing it alone. His friend fully sympathised with him, and perhaps did not himself much relish the idea of returning alone, though the road was an open one they therefore agreed to go on to. gether to the house of the visitor, where plenty of company could be found to return by the high road with the host. They pursued their way; but the feelings of both were too much overcome with awe to permit of conversation. On their arrival they suffered nothing to appear to the family at large, and there was no difficulty in finding a companion for the one who had to return ; but when they were gone, the other one was glad to unburden his oppressed feelings (from whom, I may as well at once say, I received the account). This, then, was what they had seen. But to comprehend the effect, it will be necessary to premise that the spot whereon they were standing was, as I think I have said above, the entrance to a ravine ; the path was a mere ledge in the side of an all but perpendicular hill, thinly scattered over with full-grown trees, but their interstices thickly interwoven with low shrubs and brushwood. The part of the hill above them rose high, and, as I said before, perpendicular. Footing for man or beast, unless it were the chamois, was impossible and when, therefore, they saw the "Doctor" ride leisurely and apparently quite at his ease along the side of that hill, unimpeded by brushwood or tree, they knew well that the circumstance could admit of but one interpretation. The " Doctor" was a hold, bad man and independently of the shock such an apparition was calculated to give their nerves, the sign (as they understood it of his approaching end inevitably communicated a heavy shock to their religious sympathies. " Well." said I impatiently, as my friend seemed to pause. " Well," said he, " The next morning the " Doctor " and his horse were found by the side of a mill-dam, drowned, in the smallest possible quantity of water capable of producing that effect for the "Doctor" being in- toxicated, and unable to guide his horse, it is sup- ; posed the creature stumbled, and that the weight of the rider prevented him from recovering himself. At any rate, when they were found, the " Doctor" was lying in such a manner on the horse's neck, that both their heads were in the water, and their bodies perfectly dry !" " You think the men were not given to ro- mancing," said "One of them I knew," said my friend; and know well that his scrupulous reverence for truth was such, that he was incapable even of embellishing with the slightest addition anything which he had to narrate ; but besides that, being at that time almost as sceptical as you are at present, I took an occasion of mentioning the tale at a house where I was pretty well aware no undue leaning to superstitions side was likely to warp their judgment : but as soon as I (rather lightly) mentioned the subject, I perceived a "look of seriousness spread over the countenances of them all. One of the sons, a stout, fearless, beatty man, took upon himself to to rebuke me." " It would be quite as well," said he, " before we laugh at such things, to know well what we are about. I remember it as well as if it were yesterday ; I was coming home at the same time as the host), and as our roads lay together, we joined company, and he told me what he had seen and the next morning the body of the " Doct r" was brought in here, and laid upon that table, all doubled up just aside had fallen, for he was quite stiff. I was resting my arm upon the table at the time, but 1 involuntarily moved my chair. "Yes," he continued, " we tried all we could to straighten him, but it was impossible ; we were obliged to bury him in a chest." I confess I was much more impressed with this little narrative, when told in the serious silence of a moonlight walk, than I had been in the brilliantly lighted drawing-room we had just left. I did not, however, forget my main object ; so that, after a pause, I said, "Well, and now for your moral, or at least an answer to my question-Wh it good, do you suppose, accrued front?" My friend re- sumed-" Some years afterwards, when my own mind had begun to think more seriously on such subjects, having an opportunity, I asked of one, who I was aware knew both the men intimately, the same question, and I will give you his answer." " Those two men," he said, " were, in the main, religious characters : one of them (the host had in early youth chosen the better part, but the cases of the world had had their customary effect, and he was rapidly becoming a supine christian, a nominal believer only. This peep into the world of i spirits, the proof of the intimate interference of the Divine Being in the affairs of this world reached J the innermost core of his heart; it completely roused him he slumbered no more ; but, girding up his loins like a man, he ran the race that was set before him, and finished his course with joy. For the other, though deeply imbued with religious principles, and a devout worship er of God, he was, like the majority of mankind, disposed to scoff at the idea of supernatural visitations. As you may well believe, he never scoffed again and he used to say, that after he had recovered from the first shock, it gave him pleasure to feel the intimate connection that probably existed between the two worlds. He also, when his appointed time came, gladly threw off the encumbering clay to join the company of enfranchised spirits and perhaps finish in another world the great work which had been commenced late- this!" " 'Arida now, what think you?" said my friend, afteVa'pau'se' which I-had-not ventured to 'interrupt at. what value do you estimate two immortal souls ? Do' you think that the magnitude of this operation M t that case too great for the effect produced ?" i j confess I was deeply affected ; the last few sen-' cocoa had ¿eon^pojienatthe porch of my friend's , door. " He no more of that, Had, I beseech | thee," said I, and we parted. 