MELBOURNE RACES. In our last, we gave a full report of the first day's racing, and an outline of the second day. We resume our special report by giving more fully the second day's races, and the proceedings of the third day. In doing so, our aim is to furnish a better report of the Melbourne Races, than is given in either of the Melbourne papers :- SECOND:DAY. " TOWN PLATE Of 100 sovs. Weights for age. Heats, 3 miles. For this race five horses were entered although but four came to the post, Sorceress keeping quiet for the Ladies' Purse; at half-past twelve the following nags came to the post, Petrel, 9st. 71b. Miller . . .. ... 1 1, Garry Owen,8 st. Holmes . .... .....2 2 Field Marshal, 8st. 71b. ........ 3 3 Sepoy, 8st. 71b.................. .... dist. First heat-Petrel jumped away with the lead, ran about four lengths ahead, maintained his place throughout, and came in an easy winner, held hard. Time 6 m. 11 s. a good race between Garry Owen and Field Marshal, for second place, and won after a good struggle by the Irishman. Second heat, Petrel as usual went away to his old berth, maintaining his position with perfect ease, and won in good style, by about four lengths. Time 6m. 10s. The Irishman and the Soldier fighting hard for best place. The rider of Field Marshall was changed in the second heat, and in the opinion of many had the last jockey steered him from the commencement he would have held a more favorable position Garry Owen proved himself one of the right sort, and promises exceedingly well for another year The weather was delightful, a little too warm if any thing, and the attendance very respectable The next race of the day was the ALL AGED STAKES. One and a half mile heats, Expected. to have been the most interesting of the meeting, but like many other expectations not half realized, but three tits being stripped for the event ; they came to the post in the following order Orlando,... ... .: ..... ..: ,:.... ,1 1 Nut Brown Maid,,;.:;...;..: '.,.... .3 3 Dusty Sal, ........ .;•. i.:.. .:,-. 2 2 They got away in beautiful order and ran well together until the turn into the straight run inng, when Orlando led, closely followed by Dusty Sal, the Maid all behind, and: in this order continued to the finish. Orlando winning by little more than a neck. The Maid pulled up at the distance, in reserve for the second heat. Time 3 m. l s. Second heat-In this heat Orlando jumped away with the lead, the Maid close upon him, and Dusty Sal waiting upon the pair. They ran together as close as a pack of cards, the Maid very slightly in advance until the turn into the straight runninig, when Orlando ran in front and maintained his place to the finish, Dusty Sal severely punishied, made a very good second, the Maid all behind. Time 3 min 3 s. Upoin Onlado's jockey weighing it was stated a protest had been entered against the horse, as being four instead of three years old; since settled in favor of the horse. LADIES PURSE. Gentlemen riders, three miles and a distance. One event. Eight entries; only five however stripped for the contest ; but little excitement as to the event. The odds considerably in favor of Bessy Bedlam. Bessy Bedlam, Mr Somerville . .... 1 Richelieu, Mr Carter ..:.... ..... 2 Liberty, Owner.. -.... .:. :.....;:. 3 - Sorceress, Mr G. Allen ....... thrown. Deserter, Mr. Campbell .......:.bolted. orceress got away well at the start, followed by Deserter, Richelieun and Liberty ; Bessy Bed lam playing up at the ropes and losing a full distance in consequence. Sorceress continued to lead for about half a mile; Richelieu a fair second; the rest moving at a respectable distance, with the exception of Bessy who was gradually overhauling, held hard, when Sorceress ran inside a post, and on being pulled rather sharply ran against another, giving her pilot a rather severe fall, but no bones broken. This placed the Cardinal No. 1 in the running, and gallantly the little cocktail struggled to gain an honorable name, exceedingly well ridden by Mr. Carter. Bessy's superior condition and speed, gradually brought her alongside, when as pretty a piece of running occurred as one could wish to witness, for a quarter of a mile they were stride and stride (no mistake about ther pace) until the turn into the run home. Bessy crept a little ahead; and came in a winner by little more than two lengths. Had the rider:of Sorceress met with no accident she must, have stood A 1 without a shadow of a chance for the rest. Third Day The first race was the FORCED HANDICAP. One and a half mile heats, For all winners (two years old and Golloways excepted, unless by desire.) For this the weights decided on were for- Petrel 10st. ; Bessy Bedlam, 9st. 3lb. ; Orlando, 8st. 11lb. ; Jupiter, (a pony) 8st. Upon the weights being declared, Mr Austin withdrew Bessy Bedlam, thinking her too heavily weighited, thus leaving but three for the contest. Petrel ,......... .......; . . 1 1 Orlando ..., 2 2 Jupiter, 3 3 Petrel very quickly got away from his com petitors, and ran in an easywinner, held all the way. Tinme 3 m. 6s. Second heat,, Orlando got away from the start, but was quickly collared and passed by the old horse, who again ran in a very easy winner. Orlando a very moderate, second. Jupiter nowvhere. Time 3 m. 17s. The rain falling in torrents during the whole of the race. iCONSOLATION ,STAKES.,: r : S: ? Heatsd one' miiid and a disianc?ei . But three made their appearancej.: ,;' "Liberty, 8st: .7ib. .:.......... ........ 1 t Selim; 7st.: . ..:.. ....2.2.:.., :.;.. ..... 2 2 .Lottery, 8st.:71b...:.".: i. . '.. . .. ~., .:3 3 Liberty had it all his own way, and: ran in a -hiead three lengths.? Time?n to minutes twenty seven seconds..i r ii, h;,q,; Second heat.--A.repetition of the first, Lottery losing all chance by bucking soon after the start. Selimiasninierable seconld.' '. Aprdtest was entered against Liberty. fdr hisi age but .fell tothe ground: tor; : NThis was followed .by the hurdle race,, heats;. one::and a-halfimiles, over five leaps, four feet high.?.?:; .:........??? ,o :-,::.. , .'lHie three entered caimieto the sicratch.. ~:uy, M ;' RG,? . ene.'. .. .' l 1 Iichelieti ir Valisittairt .. ' dist WildHairry, Mr Eicke.. .".. 2 dist. :'The start was. good,all three lyingi close to gether; Guy a little in. advance; ?just before coming to the first! ludles; which he got over,. after trying. their strength wivith his: hind legs. Not sob; Richelienl, who struck:the fenceheavily,. aind came' diiv i'nwitha feaiirftil: crhi,:very nearly liringing:Wild: Harry along with' him, he, when iii the act of falling,. griingHarry ti treliendous shake Mr Eidke 'kept'Har.ry on :his legs, and away lie werit"after Giy, at the' second fence.. Guyi eli forward, which place he naintained to the finish.!; HaIrry 'racd hard, and, gained to the distance ; but coihld iot manage toishewv in front. Richeliei'se pilot,.. although hilf'Istninned, fol lo'wed in very creditable style, but"t6o late for a place. Th'·idour'sewas in a fearful state from the heavy r ,ini making it a very severe and un safelthihg tb geto'hie thie leaps. .Mr Austin took -the precaution of'havhing Guy" roughed," and this gave hilm no mean advantage over smooth plain shoesP Seond heat --Guiy'anid Harry:started in: com pany, but?;ere' i'idmpelled' to run'inside a couple of posts, in conisequence of severaldarts crossing the course:; Harry pulled short round, and made play; buit :vis' overhauled 'by''GU ,tand away they wenit'at the fiist jfum'i. 'Both i'ot well over, and agaii IHarry was thrown out by some gigs, Giy gettingiwell forivard. HIarry,;:in conse quence, was obliged: .to be raced?:it thdesecond feh?ce, where, (in consequence of the condition of the ground,) upon making hii spring, his hind legs wuient clean away frominliin, and cliesting the leapihe came' over a regular somerset, smasling 'the chntld of the saddle nll'to pieaes. Mr Eicke was immediately upon'his lees, and made a grab at 'Harry's stirrup; but the old horse looked as if "lie' ieant "akwardne'ss;?' and 'got' away. A_ gentleman 'ctl ight '.Harry''withiti fifty yards of' ,where'-he fell; but;soine one'- veiry kindly rode 'agaiist the'hbrse, and drove him away, leaving ~ilm withohita ghost of a chance, Guy meanwhile ivemit steadilyahead, and camne in without any bim?npetitbtisn untiistakealjlevinner. The riding of Messirs. Green and Vansittart was very much adinired.' ' ' The 'ddy's sport concluded with'a Haqk' Race, won easily by Belzoni, 