MISCKLLANKOl'S. Tiik Railway Kixr. : Mosrs ash tiik Dkan. — A" amusing story is told of him, which illustrates the quaint ab ruptness of his mode of address. Du- ring one uf his years of oluce as L,uru Mayor of Yurt, the annual meeting of the British Association for lite Ad vancement of .-cience was held in that city, and, at the close of the proceed ings, it was the desire of the Corpora- lion 10 invite the most distinguished visitors and scientific ptofessors lo a dinner, the Right Honourable George Hudson being, of course, the mouth piece of their courteous intentions. It happened, however, that, in the course of the proceedings of the meeting, the " Advancement of Science" had b.en somewhat impeded by some rather un scientific misunderstandings. During many years past, we need scarce y re mind our readers, that time-hon oured pride and recreation of the ultra- orthodox of all creed, the odium t/ieoloi/icum, lias been for a time sup planted in some pious breasts by another source of spirit cial warfare. As modern inquirers, and hardy reasoners, have made progress in one particular branch of jihysical science, the old odium lias been fairly superseded and driven out of the field of controversy by another kind of hatred, winch may be called the oiiilim' geo-lof/icum. I he city of York, too, is rather dangerous ground for the introduction of any such sub jects ; for wc nerd not observe that the worthy dean of tire d;,>;-esr, Dr. Cock- burn, has acquired a widely-extended reputation by his man) manful bat- tlings against too speculative professors vrho would briug their antcdiluviau relics and profane speculations thereon to bear against tile buttresses of the faith and the Church. Imminent was the daiiger of exploding them, when some of these gentlemen came and per - pelraled their grave theorisai even within sound of the cathedra! hells ! A spark was enough, and local history tells that the disturbance was l- rrirtc. What it must have been may be guessed from the fact, that, when the time came for the Corporation Lo iuvite s me of the belligerent professors, a grave diffi culty arose, because such had been ti:-- jiersona'ities that it was impossible for the geologists to meet each other at the dinner. Which side was to give way 1 Many were the suggestions and pro posals, ill the hope that some mutual arrangement might be made. But tvho would attempt, or could effect, a recon ciliation under such circumstances? Nut Mr. Hudson. With his usual de termination he cut the Gordian knot at once ; for be brought the affair to a close in a summary way, when officially communicating with the opjiosite par ties, by saying, w lb characteristic straightforwardness, ' Why, gentlemen, I'm l eally very sorry, gentlemen, the affair caii't be arranged, gemlrmen ; but,"sifij'jiig and bowing, ' the fact is, gentlemen, I've talked the thing over with the Corjiorotion, and — /re re < ir. chletl fur .1 Joser av.d the dean — Eraser's Magazine. .Mr. IlutUon an an Orator. — -Mr. liudsou is not at all qualified lo shiue as a speaker. True, indeed, to thc proud simplicity of his character, he makes uo j/reteusious to do so. Nature has nut fitted him fur such displays, lie is of extra-alderman tc bulk ; ins frame is naturally brorol and massive, with a tendency lo dcvclojic every way but upwards. lie is scarcely of the middle lieigbt, and very rotund ; but his chest is broad and well thrown out, and, although ungainly, and even clumsy, in his tiguie and movement!, lie is strong, active, and muscular. He walks with great effort, his large arms swinging vigorously to aid the difficult action of his legs ; yet he gets uver the ground inure rapidly than the average of men. It seems as if the samt deter, mined will sways his body that reigns over his mipd, for, the more lie srows in size, and the moie lie has lo carrv about with him, the more active he seems to be. His bead is a formidable looking engine ; it is as round and as stern-lookiug- as a forty-two pounder. In fitting It on t lie body, the formality of a neck lias beer: dispensed with. The face carries a whole Lottery ; the eyes quick and jiiercing ; the mouth firm, and characteristic of resolution. The whole asjiect is far removed from the ideal stan-lard of Caucasian beauty, but it is stam jied with jiower. Looking at the honorable gentleman when he is speaking, ready primed and loaded to the muzzle with facts and assertions, while l(ie resolute will gleaus from those keeu "eyes, "you are not surprised that one discharge of that stern artillery should be enough to scatter whole boards of railway directors, or juil dis- sentient shareholders to irrccuverabie rout. He specks in volleys, with a thick utterance, and as though the voite bad to be pumped up froiu cavernju i ictesscs, and he primes and loads after each discharge. His wotJs are just those that come first, chicfily mono syllable, and nut always marshalled by the best giamiualicul discipline ; but, although he seems so sjieak with diffi culty, and almost to bluuder, Yet he stiiceeds tu making himself thoroughly understood. Ills jilaiu, practical sense, the evident result of hani thinking and reasoning, is much esteemed ; bul be Wuutd secutc and retain a more solid and lasting influence if be would avoid, except in cases of extieine necessity, the higher walks of politics, and select, in preference, subjects which he treats as a master, and on which, among the multitude of prcltuiders in Parliament, bis experience and strung mental powers would render his opinion invaluable. — Fraser's Magazine. A Fearful Possibility. — Bathing Machine Proprietor : Did you get that 'ere gent's sixpence afore lie went into the machine ? Assistant Boy, (a no vice :) No, sir, — thought as the coves paid when llicy coined out. Proprietor : Pay when they comes out ! Why s'pose that gent gels out of his dejilli and goes and drowns himself, I may whistle for my sixpence. Ain't you ashamed of yourself ? — Liverpool Lion. Phosphorescent Fungus.—One dark night, about the beginning of December, while passing the streets of the Villa de Natividade, I observed some boys amusing themselves with some luminous object, which I at first supposed lo be a kind of large fire-fly ; but, on making in quiry, I found it to be a beautifut phos- phorescent fungus, belonging to the genus Agaricus, and was told that it grew abundantly in the neighbourhood on the decaying leaves of a dwarf palm. Next day I obtained a great many speci- mens, and found them to vary from one to two-and-a-half inches across. The whole plant gives out at night a bright phosphorescent light, of a pale greenish hue, similar to that emitted by the lar- ger fire-flies, or by those curious soft- bodied marine animals, the Pyrosomoæ. From this circumstance, and from growing on palm, it is called by the inhabitants " Flor du Coco." The light given but by a few of these fungi, in a dark room, was sufficient to read by. I was not aware at the time I discovered this fungus that any other species of the same genus exhibited a similar phenomenon. Such, however, is the case in the Adolearins of De Can- dolle ; and Mr. Drummond, of Swan River Colony, in Australia, has given an account of a very large phosphores- cent species occasionally found there.— Gardener's Travels in Brazil. Curious Discoveries. — Count de Palmblad had just discovered amongst the manuscripts of the University of Upsal a voluminous correspondence be- tween Count Philip de Konigsmark (brother of the celebrated countess ol that name) and the Princess Sophia Dorothea, the divorced wife of George I of England, and who died after 32 years' confinement, a prisoner in the fortress of Ablen. The count was as- sasinated in 1894 for having attempted to aid the princess to escape. —Gatty- mini. Atrocious Murder. — A compositor in Paris, named Gilbert, who had been the paramour of a young woman named Esther Bocle, murdered her by stabbing her in the neck and other parts of her body, with a carving knife, at the Hotel de Turin, in the Rue Therenot, yester- day week. The unfortunate woman was attending upon M. Terre, a Piede- montese, deprived of the use of his limbs by paralysis, and the murder was committed in his presence. Jealousy was the cause of the perpretation of the horrid deed. Gilbert is in custody. 