PROGRESS OF THE SESSION. (From thc 2'imcs, April 20.) J I IT is only a low months since tho first of our satirical writers said, with a great show of truth, that the foreign correspondence of the daily papers was intended for the special bc I nefit of a few. notorious bores. The British ' people are so resolved to let other nations take their own course, and, in fact, have interfered to so very little purpose, that they feel an in- difference almost amounting to disgust for the ordinary politics of Europe. It was observed at the time that even the affair of tho Spanish marriages, timed os it was to our holidays, failed to make an adequate impression on the people. The truth is, the political interest and energy of our whole thinking population aro concentrated on Parliament, and on our domestic legislation. Such is usually the case, and a few months since it would have been almost a truism to say so. The events of the last eight weelu,.which, taken as a whole, are absolutely without a parallel in history, have violently arrested the current of popular thought, and carried it into another direction. Strange to say, England for once is absorbed in continental politics. Cholera gives way to revolution. The suburbs of London are for- gotten for the Boulevards of Paris, and the condition of our manufacturing provinces for the contest pending in the plains of Lombardy. The scene and the characters are changed. Sovereigns, in every variety of discomfiture, supersede philanthropists and reformers. We haVe almost forgotten where we are, how wo stand, and what we have to do. Has not this oblivion of our own affairs had its effect on the Government and Legislature ? From time immemorial, and particularly for. thc last generation, tho pressure from without has been the source chiefly to be relied on for thc efficiency of Government. The people are the weight or the spring that pulls tho clock, the stream that tums the wheel. Parliamentary progress is full of hitches and impediments. Tho cogs of that machine do not fit, and its joints are stiff. The least accident throws it out bf gear, and brings all to a lock. Nothing but thc most imperious public necessity or popular impulse will set tho crazy fabric in motion again, and get out of it'its due measure of work. How often has Lord John Russell himself, or some ono of his colleagues, stood by and chided tho engineer for his delays ! In tho days of opposition tho cry has ever been, "more work," "more mea- sures," "moro progress," "more re- form." "What havo you been doing tho whole session ? How have you fulfilled your promises ? You have dropped half your bills, and carried tho least valuable moiety." It was public opinion that gave force to these reproaches. The arrears of ages, the .neglects and the errors of the un- fathomable past are to be rectified and made up. Whatever the content of thc Mi- nister, the people have always felt that much remained lo be done. Can wo any longer doubt that tho people have impelled the Go- vernment ? Behold an evident demonstration. Public curiosity has been distracted to the continent, and the result is, that scarcely an appreciable amount of work has been done by a Parliament which met in No- vember. Of tho four acts into which the drama of thc session naturally resolves itself, two have been performed. These two havo been chiefly characterized by measures of a most necessary, hut, unfortunately, a coercive character. Be- fore Christmas we did little moro than attempt to control the possession of annis in Ireland; and by Easter we have got so far as to pass an act imposing severe penalties ott tho instiga- tion to arms in tho ;mmc country. Rifles and pikes still monopolize tho Legislature We' will not deny these uro things apt to compel I our exclusive attention. The man who sees thc muzzle of a gun inserted through his dining-room window, or resting on the fence of his plantation, will probably . thing more of safety than other considerations. But Parlia- ments arc not expected to be always in tho act of self-preservation. It is better to dio at once than to-be always flying from death. They who rebuilt the walla of th« I Holy City had to work with their swords by their sides, and to muster every now and then ! to repel the jealous foe ; but they did worK, nevertheless, and finished the walls in goocl time. So wo think that in spite of the Irish, in. I spite of tho currency quacks, in spite of the de- parted Rajah of Sattara, and the troublesome ghost of protection, something more might have been done. What has been achieved of a positive, remedial, and profitable character? The banking question has been thrown into an upstairs committee ; so also have tho estimates. An Irish measure of slight and nirw almost forgotten import was passed before Christmas. What additions are to be made to this list ? Wc aro not asking for a new constitution be- tween breakfast and dinner. England lias no ! wish to see a dozen fundamental choxige ? - j scribbled off before the ink of the first om?)« dry, an abdication carried wet from a palace to a senate, and immediately supplanted by the programme of a Provisional Government omi- nously carried round on thepoint of a bayonet. It abhors what is sudden and precipitate. It is shocked with violent change. But it doe» expect sensible progress. It is accustomed to take stock and find the balance of losses and gains. The profit of this Bession so far ha» been infinitesimal. Would not Lord John Russell bc tho first to say so if he sat on the opposite benches ? There are barely three months before us, what are they to produce ; Herc is the list from Lord John's own mouth, and we are carefully and positively told to expect no» more :-A loan to the West Indies in aid of immigration-power to lend out again the ->r. repayments of advances to Ireland-the Alien Bill-thc Jewish Disabilities Bill-tho Health of Towns Bill- and thc amendment of tho Na- vigation Laws, to which must be added the bill for inquiring into boroughs suspected of systematic bribery-a bill to facilitate tho sale of encumbered estates, another to enable joint-stock companies to wind up their affairs, and another to protect poor Irish tenants from sudden and wholesale eviction. If good and effectual measures are passed under all these titles, the country will at least admit that it expected no more. But seeing that they are all matters of futurity, hidden in thc womb ef Time, liable to all sorts of accidents, hos- tilities, and curtailments, we think wo do nothing amiss in urging the utmost possible industry upon the initiative powers. Minis- ters cannot for shame complain of obstruc- tions when their consciences will not fail to remind them they ar« suf- fering much less than they have in- flicted when the burden of government lay bn other shoulders. Two measures in tlie above list demand more than ordinary determination, to secure not merely their passing in some form or other, but their completeness. Would that the Health of Towns Bill were in more reso- lute hands ! These aro not the days when the health of millions is to be sacrificed either to a. foolish parsimony or to the interests of local jobbers and surveyors, the real authors of the threatened opposition. Let Lord Morpeth ad- vance, and these shadows will recede. Of the Navigation Laws we will only say that now is the time to set an example to thc world, how- ever little one infatuated nation may be ready to follow it. Now, too, is tho time to purge our constituency. The eyes of Europe are fixed on our representative model, and it bc ' comes our pride and our duty to show it to the best advantage. Here is enough for three months, if it be only done. It will not be done j unless the Minister puts a little more momea I tum into Iiis course. Unless he masters the crisis, thc crisis will master him. Popular ardour, like another clement, is a good servant, but a bad master. Lord J. Russell can turn it to his acconnt if he pleases. 