THE FRENCH PEOPLE WORKING OUT THEIR POLITICAL AND SOCIAL PRO. BLEM; IN 1780, 1830, AND 1848. (Continued from page 558.) TRIAL THE FIRST. Note-With a view of preserving the chain of events unbroken, up to the time when war was declared with England, the incidents of English History are printed within brackets. [5. At a meeting of the Revolution Society of London, Earl Stanhope in the chair, it was resolved that acongratulatory address should be presented to the National Assembly of France, on the regeneration of their coun try.] 27\. The National Assembly ejected from their offices the refractory priests. 1790. [Jan. 21. The English Parliament was opened by the King (George III., Mr. Pitt Minis ter), in his speech his Majesty only glanced at the affairs of the Continent, by observing that they had engaged his attention. Lord Valletort, however, in moving the address, stigmatised the French revolution as the most disastrous and fatal event, to the interests of that country which had ever taken place since the foundation of its monarchy. These sentiments were received with applause .by the greater part of the House. Ere a month had elapsed parties came into col liasion, Mr. Burke appearing as the cham pion of established rights, and denouncing the French revolution in its origin, conduct, and ultimate aim, with a fervour that scan dalised the Whig party, of which, till that time, he had been a prominent member. With the. view of showing the diversity of opinion which existed among the leaders of parties in the House, a few passages from their speeches are subjoined. Mr. Burke, in reply to a direct eulogy pro nounced by Mr. Fox, on the revolution generally, and particularly on the revolt of the Guards at Paris, said, "There was a des potism more dreadful than ever was weilded by the Monarch of any civilised people, and that the despotism of an unprincipled, fero cious, tyranical democracy which had not a single virtue of republicanism to redeem its crimes. This was so far from being worthy of imitation, as had been said by his Honour- able Friend, that it was worthy of all abisor rence, and he would spend the last drop of his blood, would quit his best friends, and join his most avowed enemies, to oppose the least influence of such a spirit in England." Mr. Pitt contented himself with lavishing ap plause on his new ally, for the zealous and seasonable attachment he had displayed to the principles of constitutional government. Mr. Fox adopted a soothing tone, declaring " that he had ever felt the highest veneration for the judgment of his Honourable Friend, by whom he had been instructed more than by all other men and books together, by whom he had been taught to love our Constitution; from whom he had acquired nearly all his political knowledge, certainly all that he most valued. His speech on that day, some ar guments and observations 'excepted, was among the wisest and most brilliant that were ever delivered in the House; still, how ever, with all these admissions, his opinion on the general subject remained unaltered. Mr. Sheridan added fuel to the flame. He charged Mr. Burke with deserting from the Liberal camp to defend despotism, and assail the principles of freedom; with obtruding himself on the House as the libeller of liberty, and the enemy of men who were labouring for the noblest objectl. Mr. Burke rejoined-Such language ought to have been spared, were it only a sacrifice to the manes cf departed friendship; language indeed not new, since it was only a repetition of what was to be heard at reforming clubs and societies with which the Hon. Gentle man had lately become entangled, and for those plaudits he had chosen to sacrifice his friends; though ie would in time discover that the value of such praise was hardly worth the price paid for it. Henceforward they were separated in politics for ever.] The Jews admitted to the rights of French citizenship. Monastic establish ments suppressed. Assignats are issued for the first time. Hereditary nobility abolished; likewise all titles, blazonry, coats-of-arms, and liveries. July 14. The first anniversary of the taking of the Bas tille was celebrated. The King, in the presence of an immense concourse of peo ple, took a solemn oath to maintain the Constitution. [July 14.-The same event was celebrated in England by a dinner at the Crown and An chor Tavern, at which 600 persons sat down, under the chairmanship of Lord Stanhope. Thomas Paine's writings were deemed of great weight and authority by the "Re formers."] September 9.-M. Neckar resigned and fled. The nation continued in a state of fermentation; all ties of authority were loosed; the soldiery became mutinous and turbulent, numerous emigrations took place; the financial resources were paralysed. Lafayette and his party, who formed a ma jority in the Assembly, were satisfied with the changes which had taken place; but the demagogues, who constituted the mi nority, succeeded in becoming masters of the Jacobin Club, a confederacy which, in their hands, produced the most terrible results. 1791. January 22.-The King communicated to the National Assembly a letter from the Emperor of .Germany, requiring that the decree ofAugust 4, abolishing feudal rights, be annulled as regarded Alsace and Lor raine. March 3.-The silver plate of the churches was sent to the Mint. [May.-In a discussion in the House of Com mons on the Bill for dividing Canada into two provinces, Mr. Fox and Mr. Burke came to open rupture on the engrossing subject of the French Revolution. Mr. Burke com plained of having been personally attacked from a quarter where he least expected it, after an intimacy of more than twenty-two years. He added that, although at his time of life it might be indiscreet to provoke enemies or to lose friends; yet, if his steady adherence to the British Constitution placed him in such a situation, he would risk all; and, as public duty taught him, with his last breath exclaim, "Fly from the French Con stitution." Mr. Fox whispered that there was no loss of friendship. "Yes," ex claimed Mr. Burke, "there was a loss of friendship; hlie knew the price of his conduct; hlie had done his duty at the price of his friend; their connection was at an end." Mr. Fox was moved to tears. The breach was never healed. Mr. Burke left the op position side of the House. On his death bed he refused to see Mr. Fox, though he declared he was "a man born to be loved."] The heads of the principal Royalist fa milies of France repaired to Coblentz, where a large body of emigrants were as sembled, who made no secret of their in tention to regain their rights by the sword. The decree for the confiscation of their estates was prevented for the present solely by the eloquence of Mirabeau. April 19.-The National Assembly de termined to dissolve themselves preparatory to the calling of another, and on the mo tion of Robespierre; a leading member of the Jacobin club, passed a resolution de claring that none of their members should be capable of re-election. This was sup ported by the Royalists from the impression that a change had taken place in the public mind; and that if an Assembly could be returned at the next election from which the old members were excluded, it would undo all that had been done. The result, however, was to sink the representation still lower : out of 758 members who com posed the new Assembly, not more than fifty were possessed of property to the value of £100 per annum. 31.-Punishment by the wheel abolished. June 20.-In the night, the King and the royal family privately withdrew from the Tuileries, through a subterraneous pas sage leading to the Seine. His Majesty left behind a paper in which he formally revoked all his past oaths and declarations as the effect of compulsion. Scarcely had the first emotions of surprise subsided when it was announced that the King and Queen were arrested; and they were quickly brought to Paris. This occurrence had the unhappy consequence of destroying all confidence between the King and tie con stituted authorities. The Jacobins loudly demanded his death. [July 14. A great riot occurred at Birming ham, the outrages being directed against a number of persons who had assembled tocele brute the second anniversary of the French Revolution, and the houses of some noted sympathisers, among them the houses of Dr. Priestly and Mr. Hutton, were destroyed. The former received from the county £2,502 for the damage, and the latter £6,300.] July 20.-The foreign powers entered into a coalition at Pelnitz to resist the pro ceedings of the Assembly, particularly as regarded the King. England was not ia party. Sept. 3.-Previous to dissolution the National Assembly adopted a new Consti tution, founded on the previous declaration of rights. When the King first met the new Assembly, they treated him with premedi tated marks of disrespect. It was com posed of the feuillants, the leaders of whom were Barnave, Duport, Damus; the Giron dists (avowed Republicans), so called from the district whence the most able of the party were elected; and the party supported by the Jacobins and Cordeliers-the names of clubs, the leaders of whom were Robe spierre, Danton, Carrier,-&c.; Robespierre, though excluded from the Assembly by his own ordinance, had undisputed sway over the Jacobins. The municipality of Paris fell into the hands of violent demagogues. The Assembly passed two decrees, one con fiscating the estates of the emigrants, and the other ordaining measures of like rigour against those priests who should refuse the oath to the constitution. The King, by the power vested in him by the new consti tution, exercised his veto in suspending these decrees. At this the rage of the revo lutionists was greatly excited, and they wreaked their vengeance on the Ministers. The King was compelled to choose a minis try from the Girondists, at that time the war party. Roland was made Minister for the Interior, and-- Dumouriez Minister for Foreign Affairs. The new Ministry were named by the Court le Ministére sans culottes. It is said that when Roland pre sented himself at the palace, in a round hat and with strings in his shoes, the horror struck Master of the Ceremonies started as if he had seen a ghost. (To be continued.) 