III. - THE NISSE.* Who does not know - at least by name - the Nisse, the being whose waggeries almost all bear the stamp of good-humoured frolic ? Who has not heard tell of his little rotund figure and his red Jacobin cap, the symbol of unrestricted liberty? Who knows not that the house he chooses as a dwelling, is perfectly safe from fire and other calamities? The Nisse is a true blessing to the habitation that he honours with his presence ; it is secure against fire, storms, and thieves - who then, would take so greatly amiss the little fellow's gambols? If he now and then takes out one of the horses and rides him till he is white with swest, it is merely for the sake of improving his action ; if he milks a cow before the milkmaid is up, it is solely to get her into the habit of early rising; if he occasionally sucks an egg, cries " miou" with puss in the cork loft, or oversets a utensil, who can be angry with him, or grudge him his little dish of Christmas porridge, which no considerate housewife omits setting for him in a corner of the loft? It is only when this is neglected that his character assumes a slight dash of vindictiveness: for then the mistress of the house may be tolerable sure of having her porridge burnt, or ber soup grouty ; her beer will turn, or her milk will not cream, and she must not be surprised if she churn a whole day without getting butter. Such a little domestic goblin had from time out of mind (and still his, for aught I know to the contrary,) his abode at Ansbjerg ; though it seems probable that this was not his only habitation, as many years sometimes passed without a trace appearing of his existence. But just at the period at which the events recorded in our history took place, he began to resume his old pranks. The gardener from time to time missed some of his choicest flowers, or several of the largest and ripest peaches ; but, what was most wonderful, those were often found in the morning in Fröken Mette's chamber, whence it was reasonably concluded that the lady stood high io the good graces of the before mentioned Nisse. The grooms, moreover, declared that often during the night there seemed witchery among the horses, and that in the morning one of them would be found so jaded, that it would appear to have just come off a very long and rapid journey. They protested \- and who could doubt it - that they had often been beard springing about the stable, but that on entering everything was perfectly quiet. Once indeed they even got a glimpse of the portentous red cap, and afterwards took great care to meddle no further in the concerns of the Nisse - a very prudent resolve. Such unquestionable testimony failed not to make a deep impression * The Nisse of the Scandinavian nations is, in many respects, the counterpart of the Scottish Brownie, while, in others, he occasionally resembles the Devonian and Cornish Pixie and Portune. He is described as clad in gray, with a pointed red cap. Having once taken up his abode with a family, it is not easy to dislodge bim, as is evident from the following anecdote: - A man, whose patience was exhausted by the mischievous pranks of a Nisse that dwelt in his house, resolved on changing his habitation, and leaving his troublesome guest to himself. Having packed bis last cart-load of chattels, he chanced to go to the back of his cart, to see whether all was safe, when, to his dismay, the Nisse popped his head out of a tub, and with a loud laugh, said, "See. we flit to-day," (Sec. idey flytte vi.) - Thiele Dunske Falkssaga, i. p. 131, and Athtensum, No. 991. There are also ship Nisses, whose function consist in shadowing out, as it were, by night all the work that is to be performed the following day - to weigh or cast anchor, to hoist or lower the sails, to furl or reef them - all which operations are forerunners of a storm. For the duty even of a swabber, he does not consider himself too high, but washes the decks most delicately clean. Some well-informed persons maintain that this spitritis usealis, or nautical goblin, proves himself of kindred rare with the house or land Nisse by his rougish pranks. Sometimes he turns the vane, sometimes extinguishes the light in the binnacle, plagues the ship's dog, and if there is chance to be a passenger on board who cannot bear the sea, the rogue will appear before him with heart-rending grimmes retching in the bucket. If the ship is doomed to perish, he jumps overboard in the night, and either enters another vessel or swims to land. \----- on all the inmates of the mansion, particularly the womankind ; even the gracious lord of the manor himself listened to these reports with a silence big with signification. Such was the state of things when the expedi tion against Black Mads was undertaken, which formed sn epoch in the history cf Ansbjerg, end wes used for many years alter as an era in the dating of events,as, "that happened in the year we went in search of Black Rf ads ; that WSB two or three years stt>r." Ste , fee. In anxious ex pectation those left behind waited the whole day the return of the army of execution. Noon ! came, evening, midnight ; but still not one of th*» party appeared. They at home comforted themselves with the supposition that the delin quent, after bis capture, tni^ht have been con ducted to Vioorg, in which case the whole day might easily have been spent ; and after so wea rying a march, it was but right that the troops should get sn evening's refreshment and a night's rest ia the town. On the strength of this ex tremely reasonable hypothesis, both mistress and domestics went to bed, one servant only remaining up. At length, about an hour alter midnight, came Junker K»i and his groom. But before I proceed further, it will be desirable to explain the cause of his late arrival, and of the continued absence of the rest of the party. The poacher's hut, which be h*d himself erected in a remarkably simple style, Kith walls of green turf, «nd a coverng of heather, which rested unconfined on crooked oak branches set together like the timbers of a roof, had, consi dered as a fortress, an advantageous position. In the centre of a moor, about eight miles in circuit, arose a little eminence, which not even the most rapid thaw ever placed under water, and which, to a horseman at least, was inaccessible, except along a narrow strip of land which wound amoug turf-pits and gushing springs. On this spot Black Mads had raised his Arcadian abode, where, with a wife and five children, he lived by hunting. The larger game was eaten fresh, salted, or smoked ; the smaller be sold under the rose, to gether with the deer and fox skins, and with the money thus gained bought bread and other eat ables. Milk, the wife and children begged from the neighboring peasants. Just as the day was beginning to peep forth, the Lord of Ansbjerg approached the moor at the head of the troop. Niels, gamekeeper, who was well acquainted with the country, now rode for wards, and led the entire united force ia safety to the spot where the hut ought to have stood. With consternation he looked in every direction -uo hut waa to be seen ; and yet it was already so li^ht that, if there no one could avoid seeing it. The first thing he had recourse to-his usual refuge in all times of affliction and perplexity was a long and energetic malediction. His gra. nous lord, who at this moment approached for the purpose of learning the reason of so cordial an outpouring, gave bis keeper an equally cordial morning salutation, and maintained that he h»d mistaken the road and led them astray. But Niels, who was confident on the point, assured him, »nd even called a duzen black ange s to witness, that the hot stood there ; but that Mads had most probably rendered it invisible, no doubt with the assistance of his good friend with the horse's fool*-for it was beyoud all doubt that he understood what the common people call "at bverre syn." His master was just on the point of coinciding in this op.nion as the most rational, ? when the Junker, who hud ridden further for. wards, cried, ** Here is fire !" All now hurried to the spot ; aud it was soon discovered that the entire hut in ashesjay the glowing embers of which . here and lhere still glimmered- This discovery led Niels lo the conclusion that the aforesaid [ long tailed personage had carried the poacher off, together with his whole brood ; while the Junker, on the other hand, was of opinion that Mads him self had set fire to the hut, and then fled. During these debates, it had become broad daylight, i when a closer examination of the spot was under i taken, though nothing was found but ashes, em ¡ hers, charcoal, and burnt bones, which the i ) huntsmen pronounced to be those of deer. In accordance with the Junker's hypothesis, it waa resolved to search the neighbouring heath, as the fugitive, with his family and baggage, could not possibly have reached any considerable distance. They therefore divided themselves into four bo. dies. The Junker, with his own aud another servant, took au easterly direction, probably that it might be the nearer to Ansbjerg and his be loved ; but ail bis endeavours proved fruitless. It was to no purpose that he hurried to and fro, and exhausted himself, his attendants, and his horses. Sometimes he fancied that he saw some thing moving in the distance, but which, on a nearer view, appeared to be sheep grazing, or a stack of turf. Once, indeed, he WHS certain that he perceived people about the spot on which the German church now stands; but, by degrees, the nearer they approached the forms became more indistinct, until they at length wholly disap peared. Amid the preparations for this unlucky expedition, a supply of provisions-that necessary basis of heroism-had, as it sometimes happens in greater wars, been entirely forgotten. A third part of the Junker's division was therefore des patched to supply the omission ; but as the man, on the approach of evening, had not returned, the half-famished Junker resolved on turning his face homewards. This resolve, however, was more easily adopted than executed. The horses were as exhausted and faint as their riders. Matters, therefore proceeded but slowly ; and they were unable to wend their way out of the. heath before darkness came on. The consequence was. that they lost their road, and did not reach Ansbjerg till after midnight. To avoid retrograding in my narrative, I will just briefly mention that the other three divisions met with a share of luck equally slender-not one of them found what they sought. In vain did they traverse every turf moor-in vain descend into every dell, or mount every rising in vain did they seek (brough all the neighboring villages and farms-no one had seen or he*rd of Black Mids. Day was drawing to a close, and a night's lodging was to be provided. The Lord of Ansbjerg himself landed on Rydhauge, whence, after twe d fowl, he returned to his home. The fatigued Junker had scarcely satisfied the cravings of hunger, before he began seriously to thmk of doing l»ke justice to those of drowsiness, and therefore ordered his servant to light him to bis sleeping ranon. It bappeoed, however, as the latter wa» in the act of opening the door, that he snapt tue k<*y in two-so that a p«rt remained fixed io the lock. To wrench it off required a ; crow and hamnieT, sud then the nuise caused by j thia operation would wake the whole household -tor to whit end had he hitherto been so quiet, but that he might not disturb the ladies' repose P and had even been contented with a morsel of cold meat which his servant had succeeded in procuring for him lu such dilemmas, the first suggestion generally proves the best ; and on this occasion the servant was generally provided with one. " The tower chamber," said he, in a half suppressed voice, and casting a look of doubt on his master. At the name of this well-known, though ill famed apartment, a slight shudder passed over the Junker; bul he strove io conceal his fear both from the servant and himself, with s forced smile, and with the question, ut'ered in a tune of indifference, whether the bed there was in order for sleeping? The answer was in the affirmative, as the gra cious lady always had the bed ic this chamber held ia read-ness, «ithoogh it had never been used withm the u.emory of man. As she kept keys of all the oiher spire be (chambers-a pre caution quite needless with »he one we apeak of, which contained only a bed, two chairs, and a tab ¡e. and was. more >ver, by its ghostly visitors, considered as auüiciently secured against depre dations-no excusî nor objection could be made. The Junker, therefore, suffered himself to be lei to the formidable apirtment; sui th? servant, having assisted him to undress, left a. Jig a ou lae table, took bi« departure, aud closed the dc after bim. It was a darkish automnal night. The wan: moon was approaching tier last quarter-! cursed half disc stood deep in the heavens, a shone in at the chamber's one high and narr« bow-window ; the wind was up-small clou drifted in rapid, almost measured, time over t moon. Their shadows glided, as it were, li figures in the magic läutern, along the white wa and vanished in the fireplace. The leaden wi dow frames clattered with each gust, which pip ! and whistled through the small loose panes j thundered in the chimney-the chamber dr. j rattled. j Junker KAI was no coward, his heart was i ?; pretty near the right place ; he dared to meet I man, ride his horse, had it even been a B chepalus ; in short, he feared no living, or, mt correctly speaking, no bodily creature; t spirits be held in most awful respect. The tn and circumstances, but more particularly the b reputation of thc chamber, set bis blood quicker motion; and all the old ghost-steri presented themselves unbidden before his e cited imagination. Phantasus and Morphe contended for possession of him : the first bad t advantage. He did not venture to shut his ey« but stared unceasingly on the opposite wall, whf the shapeless shadows seemed gradually toassut form and meaning. Under such circumstance it is a comfort to have one's back free and ; one's foes in front. He therefore satup.dashi aside the curtain at the bed's head, and cast glance backwards. The bed stood in a come at the foot was the window ; opposite the side the bed was the plain wail, the fire-place, a: beyond that the door. His eyes glided along t wall behind him, where hung an ancient portr of a doughty knight in plate armour, with a fa in form and dimensions resembling a lar pumpkin, and shadowed with dark thick loci On this bis anxious looks were fixed. It a peared and vanished alternately, es the clon passed from or covered the face of the moon, the first case, the countenance seemed to expai itself into a smile, in the latter, to shrink i uto gloomy seriousness, lt might possibly, tboug he, be the spirit of a former possessor of t manor, which now, sf ter the extinction of 1 r-ce, had taken possession of this remote apat ment. Like the shadows on the wall, courai sud fear chased each other in the Junker's son at length courage having gained the mastery, 1 lay down and delivered himself into the pow of Morpheus. He had hardly slumbered more than half-a hour, when he was awaked by a noise like th caused by the opening of a rusty lock. He i voluntarily opened his eyes, which fell on tl opposite door, where a white figure appeared si . vanished almost at the esme instant. The do WPS then shut with a soft creaking. A sliiveiii sensation passed over him. He, nevertbeles i continued master of his terror ; his cooler ress« 1 had not quite succumbed under the power imagination. It was probably the servant, thong he, who, although undressed, wished to see if t] ; light were extinguished. Somewhat tranquil!is< ; by this supposition, he withdrew his looks fro ' the door, but now perceived before the windo the derk upper half cf a human figure. Tl . outline of the bead and shoulders was perfect! ; distinguishable. The Junker's courage now fo s lok hint ; but what was to be done ? Fhght wi not to be thought of, for if he would escape b . the door, by which the white figure had dil ! appeared, he might again encounter it ; the wii j dow was out of the question, and other outlets 1 j had not noticed- His natural courage rose agai j to a pitch which enabled him to cry out, " WI j is there ?" At this exclamation the figure seeme ; to turn quickly round, but made no answer; an 1 after some moments sank down slowly under tb window, and nothing more was afterwards to I ' seen or heard. No benighted wanderer cou I ; long more eagerly for daylight than our poe Ijunxer: he did not venture to close his eye ' again, fearing, when he opened them, he shout See something appalling. He looked alternate! towards the door, the fire- place, and the window in painful expectation ; he listened with the mos intense anxiety, but heard nothing save th howling of the wind, the rattling of the windows and his own breathing. Day st length broke, am a« s- on ss it was sufficiently light t«» dietinguisl the se /eral objects in the chamber, be rose am examined everything with the utmost attention In vain, he found not a trace of his night!) visiters. Having thus paid dearly fur his ex perience, he hastened to leave this unquie lodging, with the sincere resolve of never mor passing a night in the haunted chamber. As soon as the family met at breakfast, and th< Junker had given an account of their fruitiest expedition, the lady of the house put to him th« very natural question. How he had slept after s< much fatigue ? Quite well," was the answer. The Fröken smiled. " I think you slept in th« tower-chamber," said she. The Junker acknowledged he had ; but, being desirous of concealing bis fright from his in tended, he deemed it advisable flatly lo deny hit nocturnal acquaintances, while the young lad j seemed equally bent on extorting a confession from him. She assured him 6he could see by h;e eyes that he bad not slept, and that be looked uncommonly pale ; but he declared the ill-famed chamber to have acquired its character unjustly, and added, she might very safely sleep there herself if she onîy had the courage. "I think," said she. laughing, "that I shall one night make the trial of it." The subject now dropped, and the conversation was turned to other matters. After the old gentleman's return, a few dsys passed before any further mention was made of ? the tower chamber-for, in the first place, every i one was fully occupied in devising, setting forth, ! and passing judgment on the several ways by j which Black Mads might have been captured, B'S j well as in forming the most plausible conjectures j as to his actual whereabout; and, secondly, much time was consumed in accurately and circum stantially describing the two days' sport at Ryd hauge. This copious topie being also exhausted -that is, when the history of each bird hit or missed had been related, satisfactory reasons al ! leged for each miss, sagacious comparisons made I between dogs and guns, &c;, &«r.-Fröken Mette began to lead the conversation to the subject of the haunted chamber, by informing her father nf the night passed therein by her intended ; at the same time playfully directing attention to the seriousness of the latter. lu this second exa mination, he had two inquisitors to answer, of whom the young lady pressed him so unmerci fully by her arch bantering, that be at length found it advisable to recall his former denial, and confess that he was not particularly desirous of sleeping there ag*in. Is it becoming a cavalier," said Mette, " to be afraid of a shadow ? I am but a woman, and yet I dare undertake the adventure." "I will stake my Sorrel," answered the Junker, " that sou will not try it." '.I will wager my Dun against it," cried Mette. It was believed that she was in jest; but, BB she obstinately ins «ted on adhering to the wager, both her lover and father strove to dissuade her from so hazardous an enterprise. She was in flexible. The Junker now considered it his duty to make a full confession. The old man ¿hook his head ; Fröken Mette laughed, and maintained he had dreamed, and, in order to convince bim that he had, she felt herself the more bound to fulfil her engagement. The father, whose paternal pride was flattered by the courage of his daughter, now gave hts consent; and ali that Junker Kai could obtain was, that a bell rope should be brought close to the bed, and that her waiting- ! mata eh Mild lie iu the same chamber. Mette, on the other band, stipulated that ail persons in fha j house should cratiaae io their be-ùs, that it might not afterwards be said they had frightened away 1 the spectre ; aud that no one should have a light after eleven o'clock. Her father and the Junker would t ike up their quarters tor the night in the so-called gilded chamber, which waa separated i j from the tower chamber only fay e long passage, j Ia this room hung the bett with which, io case of ! need, the young lady was to sound au alarm, j The mother, no tess courageous than the daughter, i readily gave ber consent to the adventure, the i execution of which was fixed for the following night. (To be continued.J \- * According to the Germanic nations, the Da?U {LSS a horse'd, not a cloven foot. 