Mtims. of the Week. Crown Noinees min Council. — The fol lowing list of nominee members in the new Council lias been handed to us. Official mem bers; the Colonial Secretary, the Colonial Treasurer, the Attorney-General, the Solicitor- General, and Jhs Collector of.Customs. Non- official nominees ; Mr. Allen, Mr. Berry, Mr. Hamilton, Mr! lcely, Mr. Lamb, and Mr. Parker. " Colonel Gurus. — Our readers are aware that a most absurd charge was brought by Mr. Barnes against the respected Collector of Cus toms, Colonel JGibbos; — involving the non- accounting for a sum of some sfc'70,000 1 1 1 As n matter of course, a commission was appointed by the Government to investigate the affair, aud during this week, Mr. Lamb, Mr. Salting, nnd Mr.Thacker hare untlertakon tliis duty. Tlio official report of those gentlemen will bo pub lished in a few days ; but we aro enabled to state, that tho whole matter is found to be, as was stated by the gallant Colonel himself in Council, a most impudent piece of humbug, tho result of official jealousy. An Unique Liuef, Case The time of Mr. Justice Dickinson at.d a jury of four was occu pied on Thursday, by hearing n case of libel, in which George Ferrers Pickering, of Bell's Live in Svdnev, was the plaintiff, and Thomas Revel Johnson, the late editor and proprietor of that print, was tho defendant. Mr. Lowo attended on tho former; Mr. Broadliurst on tho latter. The case, as it came out in court, was simply this. The plaintiff and defendant had been in partnership in tlio weekly paper named above; but in consequence of tho ex pensive result of a libel published by them on a liighly respectable citizen, in the shape of a " Story of a Bale of Blotting Paper," a disso lution of partnership took place ; and tho de fendant sot up an opposition journal entitled The Sportinq Times. A weekly cross-fire of abuse and recrimination ensued. The plaintiff published doggrel rhymes, accusing his quondam friend of drunkenness and swindling propen sities ; and the latter retaliated by dubbing him a pigmy sneak, who had bolted from Liverpool, and who was fond of boasting of his relationship to Lord Ferrers, who was hanged for murder. Mr. Lowe, in his address to the jury, admitted that lie could not ask them to givo his client neavy uamages, Decause, naving associated himself in partnership with the defendant, who had, in effect, admitted that he was tho most degraded of degraded libellers, he did not come into court in a very enviable position. Still he hoped, for the sake of the public, exemplary damages might be given, that would put a stop to a foul system of slander which, however, lio'rejoiced to say, was not pursued by any other portion of the Sydney Press — a highly creditable point wherein the members thereof rose infinitely superior to their scurrilcus brethren at Port Phillip. Tho publication op the libel having been proved, Mr. Broadliurst addressed tho jury for the defendant. He ad mitted the truth of the graphic picture so ably drawn by Mr. Lowe, of a malignant libeller ; a picture whose features equalled in resemblance both plaintiff and defendant. He (Mr. B.) would not paint another portrait, but, like tho worthy grocer of Bath who opposed Edmund Burke, and, desirous to make available for him self his great rival's impressive speech, ex claimed, " I say ditto to Mr. Burke," — lie, Mr. B., in describing tlio slanderous propensities of the plaintiff", would merely say, " ditto to Mr. Lowe." In a word, the defendant was a pro fessed libeller, and so was the plaintiff ; and it would bo ridiculous to ask tho jury to deter mine which was tho worst, llr'.' Lowe had urawn a lauutui picture ot Malignancy, and had said, " Behold the defendant — lie, Mb. Broad liurst, would hold up the same picture, and say, " Behold the plaintiff." But of what did thnt very respectable plaintiff complain ? — Why, that he had been accused of ' bolting' from Liverpool in a state of semi nudity and starva tion to avoid punishment (whether hanging or otherwiso was not stated). Now, the plaintiff had not attempted to prove that he did not so bolt from Liverpool ; he had only put Mr- Birch, of the Colonial Secretary's Office, into the box; and that young gentloman had con tented himself with saying that an 'emphatic- genius' must refer to George Ferrers Pickering,, because a 'bolter' meant a norson like John Thomas Wilson. (Screams of laughter.) 'With Mr. Birch's system of Logic, he, Mr. Broad- hnrst, would not quarrel ; but would proceed to tho second cause of oomplaint, namely, that his client had twitted tho plaintiff, with having boasted of having had for an undo, Lord Ferrers, who was hanged for murder at Tyburn. Now with reference to the case of that unfor tunate nobleman, lie, Mr. B., might submit, that had Lord Ferrers lived in. the present enlightened days, his melancholy state of insanity would have caused his consignment to the humane care of the asylum, rather than to the infamy of the gallows. That, however, was apart from the question before the jury; and lie would only observe, that whatever might have been the merits or demerits of Lord Ferrers, lie, Mr. Broadhurst, felt assured, that if his poor ghost wero now stalking about the earui, it must tcei exceedingly aisgusica at hearing of tlio relationship claimed with his Lordship by such a thing as the Bell's Life Pickering. (Shouts of laughter.) An idea suggested itself to his, Mr. B.'s, mind, which ho would impart to the jury. The unlucky cook whom Lord Ferrers murdered, was named Johnson: — now, it might be that the Thomas Revel Johnson who, it was complained, had so cruelly walked into the Ferrers Pickering, the soi-disant nephew of the murdering lord, might with equal justice fancy himself a descendant of the murdered cook ; and by a species of justice, allowable, perhaps, at the antipodes, have re vived that antipathy which had been so fatal to tho ancestors of both. (Loud laughter.) Not to detain the jury with the details of this trumpery case, he, Mr. B , would observe, that in order to strengthen his miserable client's claim; Mr. Lowo had ingeniously lugged tho Public into tho matter, as if the Public could possibly care one fig about the injury done to this Pickering's character. " God forbid," exclaimed the learned counsel, " that the Public should bo identified with such a care, or that many Pickerings should be found in any public bvwiuiuii st.j, iuwcv«r, uiuL vurjr i espuuiuuiu gentleman had asked the jury to value his character, and lie, Mr. B., sincerely hoped that his request would bo granted ; indeed, he prayed the jury to award him such a sum as they thought his character worth. (Shouts of laughter.) The learned counsel then road various doggrel rhymes which had been pub lished by the plaintiff in Bell's Life sinco the dissolution of his partnership with Johnson, and which, in their coarse and disgusting references, wero obviously directed at him. One pro duction, which tho plaintiff called an Epigram, was descriptive of a notorious drunkard, whom tho writer referred tons ' accursed of heaven,' I and Mr. Broadliurst, dropping for the moment | tho tone of contemptuous sarcasm with which ho had treated the impudent claim set up for the plaintiff's injured reputation, put it to the jury, I in a tone of thunder, " Whether it was to bo j borne, that this Pickering, obviously ignorant , of every sacred and moral obligation, should | dare, in a strain of hideous blasphemy, to describe the late partner in his hateful career as a thing ' accursed of heaven !" The whole affair, from beginning to end, was of so dis reputable and disgusting a character, that he should not detain tho jury with any lengthened remarks upon what ought never to have been brought into the Supreme Court. The plaintiff j had called defendant a drunkard and a swindler; and tho defendant had returned the compli ment by calling tho plaintiff a pigmy sneak aud an outcast. Such was tho case which the jury had to consider ; and he, Mr. B., prosumod that the smallest coin in the realm would amply repair all the damage done to the plaintiff's character. In regard to the abuse so freely lavished by Mr. Lowe upon tho defendant's paper, the Sporting Times, he, Mr. B., could only say that it did not appear to bo altogether deserved. Certainly, ono fault might be found by fastidious persons ; namely, that the doings in the Prizo Ring wero recorded before tho doings of those aspiring legislators, who, at the date of the publication (August lust), wero canvassing confiding constituencies. Yes; tho Enfield General and the Botany Slasher had the pas, even though gallant majors, and minor gallants wero in the electoral field. In Sporting annals tho envied badge of M.C. wa9ns nothing compared with that of P.H. ; and to many readers of the S.P. Sydney Press? the weighty question as to whether the Deaf un or tho Snob claimed "first blood," was far more material than 'glorious Bob's' carrying tho Northumber- land Boroughs, or tho return of the learned young candidate for Cook and Westmoreland. (Roars of laughter ) In conclusion, the learned counsel again begged of the jury as men of the world to throw so trumpery a ease out of Court. — The publication of' Bell's Life, containing tho libels on Johnson, was proved liy Mr. Bireli : and Mr. Sylvester, of the Sydney Herald Office, proved their allusion.— Air. Vaughan, a mutual i'riend of the plaintiff and defendant, swore that the epigram about the drunkard applied to Johnson. Pickering and himself (Vaughan) wero old 'particulars' and shipmates; 'inter mediates' to this colony by the Thomas Ilaghes ; and he was quite cognisant of his 'kantankerous' feelings towards Johnson. On his cross-ex- amination, the following interesting colloquy ensued : — Mr. Loute Might not the Epigram on a no torious drunkard apply to you ? Witness. — Certainly not ; it refers to the de fendant ; no one who knows him cuu doubt that. Mr. Louie. — Then you never get drnnk ? Witness. — Why that is an imputation to which many of us are subject at limes, Mr. Lowe. — Now iu sober truth are you not drunk now ? Witness. — I consider that a very impertinent question. His Honor blandly interposed, and desired Air. | Vaughan to appeal to hiin if he considered tho learned counsel's questions too severe. Mr. Lowe. — How many glasses of spirits have you taken to-day, witness; — thirteen IVi(nes3, — By no means. I was rather unwell tins morning, so l trieu ono nobbier ol brandy, and a friend giviug mo another, brought mo two (to). The learned barrisler appeared satisfied ; and Mr. Vuuglmn gracefully boning tu the Bench, aud playfully kissing his hand to the Bur, pro ceeded to the jury-box, where ho took his seat, to tlie pianil'est horror of tho crier and other functionaries of the Court, wliu, at last, plucked up spirit to give him an Irishman's broad hint, that the jury was a 'neat lot with whom witnesses wore not allowed to 'mix ' — Mr. Lowe hiving replied, his Honor summed up, defining the meaning of a libel, and severely reviewing tlie whole of the circumstances under which the present one had been published and brought before that Court. Referring to Air. Lowe's appeal for exemplary damages " on account of tlie public," his Honor begged the jury to put the public entiicly out of tho question in such a trumpery case as this. " If the public be injured," sniil his Honor, "the Attorney- General will defend its interests; if theso professed li bellers attack you, gentlemen, I daro say you will bo able to -protect yourselves ; and if they libel roe, 1 can only say, that—/ won't take in their paper." — The jury retired for n short time, and returned a verdict for tho plaintiff; damages Forty Shillings. Warning to- Truants. — A line little boy, named Spicer, residing in Goulburn-street, was induced vesterdav morning to go bathing. in company with one of his schoolfellows, in stead of going to school. They went into Cockle Ray, where the poor hoy, Spiecr, got out of his depth, and although assistance was soon at hand, an hour elapsed before the body was found, when life was extinct. Important to Publicans. — In the course of the proceedings before tho Police Court on Tuesday lasl, Captain Imiis addressing Mr. Nichols, said llmt although it might scarcely be fair to seek an opinion of him, yet he should feel obliged by bis favoring liim with one on a point relative to a night license. It would bo recollected that a decision had been given, that a night liconso was a privilego granted to a house for tlie convenience of the public, and not for tho. benefit of tho party licensed. Conse quently, in a oaso where a party had obtained the transfer of a general license, it wus held, that a night license tor ine nouse.wont wun me other, and an information for soiling after hours preferred against a new occupant was dismissed. A case had now come under his notice where a publican removed to a new house, and the one which he had left was closed. This party claimed to sell after hours under a lieonse ho had taken out for the premises lie had left. As (Captain Innes) was of opinion that he could not do so, and that whilst any now occupant of the bouse removed from, had the right of tho license, he must take out a fresh one for the house he now resided in. Air. Nichols expressed Us concurrence in tho view taken by his Wor ship. Almanacs for 18-19. — We have to ac knowledge tho receipt of a copy of the Sydney Commercial Almanac, published by Colman and Piddington, which is very beautifully executed, aud contains much useful information. Also, of a copy of Baker's Go-a-head and Prophetic Almanac which, besides giving to tho public the usual information for tho ensuing year, specu lates upon tho probable timo when we shall bo visited by thuuder, lightniug, brickficlders, deluges, snow, squalls, &c.;, &c.; In the first month of the coming year we find that the wea ther opposite to the Court of Requests is to be unsettled; that Epiphany is to be threatening; that the first Sunday alter is to be an agreeable ono (making tho old adage true — " Sunshine after a Storm") ; that tho Maitland Quarter Sessions, and the Campbelltown Court of Re quests, are to ho hazy affairs ; that the 1'arra- matta Little-go will he a stormy proceeding ; and that of Penrith a wet ono. It is asserted, too, that in April the Windsor Requests Court will be a dry affair; but this wo much doubt, while so much "heavy wet" is always on the "go." Friendly Society of Licensed Vic tuallers. — A sixth meeting of the Committee appointed to organise this Sooicty was held last evening,- at which Mr. Councillor M'Doiiald presided. The further consideration of the By- Laws was proceeded with, and tho Committee at its rising adjourned until Friday evening next, at the Barley Mow Inn (Mr. Barnett's). Wo may observo, en passant, that the most in fluential of the Port Phillip journals has ad verted in the warmest terms to this Society, and expressed a hope (hat no scruples of. the " Separation" school will prevent the Licensed Victuallers of Melbourne from joining their Sydney brethren in this important movemeut. Appointments. — His Excellency the Governor has appointed the undermentioned gentlemen to be magistrates of the territory and of the city of Sydney, viz. : — Daniel Egan, Esq., Alderman for Bourke Ward, Sydney ; and John Brown, Esq., Alderman for Macquarie Ward, Sydney. Tfie "Governor Philup." — The Fanny Fi$hert which arrived yesterday evening from Hobart Town, reports tho wreck of this well-known vessel. Wo arc deeply pained to add that it is reported, fifteen lives were lost. Auctioneers' Licenses. — The following list of appliounts for auctioneers' licenses for the district of Sydney for tho year 18 19, lias been posted at the Police Office : — llenry Allan I Gravos, York-street; John Stewart, ditto ; I Charles Adrnin, King-street , Thomas Stubbs, ' ditto; Abraham Pulaclc, Hunter-street ; Samuel Lyons, George-street; John Richards, ditto; Joseph Curby, ditto ; John Alorris, ditto ; Edward Salamon, ditto ; Charles Newton, Pitt- street ; George Pickering, ditto ; William Gos ling Moore, ditto ; Thomas Hurley, Campbfcll- stroot; James Roberts, Newtown; William Jacques, Elizabeth stroot; George Alfred Lloyd, Flinton; and Joseph Armstrong, Cnstlorengh- strcet. Tho licensing sessions will ho held at tho Polico Office at noon on Tuesday next, tile 28th instant. JUOIiOlWt X lie lUllUWIlfg IIUVIUIUUUII appears in yesterday's Government Gazette : — "General Post Office, Sydney, 21st November, 1848.— Notice. — A receiving box for town deli very and unpaid country letters, is opened at Reid's Bazaar, 151, Elizabeth-street. Letters for town delivery must bo posted by eight o'clock a.m., and Imlf-past 1 o'clock r.m. ; and for tho despatch on tho same day for tho country, at four o'clock, p.m. Jamks Raymond, Postmaster General." 'Jim!' 'IIullo!1 'I've got a conundrum for you.' ' Have you? — give it to us; I'm good for it.' ' Suppose my wife was to fall overboard somo day, what letter of tho alphabet would express my wisu in rcgaru (O nor : — setter JJ, (let her be) of course.' Tlie following question is now being debated at Niseayuna Lyceum : ' Which will eorn a man the quickest, a pint of brandy or a tight boot ?' Sharp. — The Albany ICniciikkiiockek says — The weather was so cutting on Wednesday, that one genius had a slice of it fitted into a handle, and used it to shave himself with. ratneii Serious Tho most sceptical must admit that Reform has gono past a joke in Germany at this moment, when we see that the people of Hanover have taken to reformin' Ernest. What is tho difference between a washer woman and a thief ? — The former irons, while the latter steels. A correspondent desires to ho informed whether Mr. Emanuel's succeduneum for stop ping decayed teeth would be of any use in 5iupJMig u uuuuyeu dkurviwi'i.'jji.'r >vuu lias uuiiuu to Soutli Australia. The New Servant.— Government have taken Smith O'Brien " on trial," and mean to keep him. Signs of the Times. — Soino idea inaj bo formed of tho present depressed state of affairs, from the stnrlling fact, that on Thursday last Baron Rothschild could not get a Bill done, although drawn by Lord John Russell ! ! ! Infamous if Titro: When Sir Georgo Grey beard that the jury who sat on Meagher's trial could not agree in their decision, ho facetiously observed that ho never intended the verdict to be nn agrec-ahic one. The Best " Sanatory Act" — Tho act of washing one's face. The Best "Table ok Diet." — A dinner- table. An ametttcan Huntf.u. — I was always fond of hunting, and the first animal I killed was a fox; I'was then ten years of age. Even from child hood I was' so ,ln love with tho woods that I not only neglected school, but was constantly bor- . rowing a gunK or stealing tho one belonging to my father, with, which to follow my favourite amusement. He finally found it a useless busi ness to muke a decent boy of me, and in a fit of desperation ho ono day presented mo with a common fowling-piece. I was tho youngest of thirteen children, and wus always called the black shoop of the family. I have always enjoyed n-nnit health, nnd am furtv-seven vears of ae-o ; but I have now passed my prime, and don't care about exposing myself to any useless dangers. You ask me if I ever hunt on Sunday ; no, sir, I do not; I have always been able to kill enough on week days to give me a comfortable living. Sinco I came to live among tho Adiron- dacs, I have killed six hundred door, four hundred sable, nineteen moose, twenty-eight bears, six wolves, sovon wild cats, thirty otters, ono panther, and one boaver. As to that beaver, I was speaking about, it took mo three years to capture him, for ho was an old follow, and remarkably cunning. Ho was the last, from all that I can learn, that was over taken in tho State. One of tho Long Lake Indians often attempted to trap him but without success; he usually found his trap sprung, but could never get a morsel of tho beaver's tail ; and so it was with me, too ; but I finally fixed a trap under the water, near tho entrance of his (hint, and so it happened that he one day stepped into it and was drowned. I was going to toll you something about my dogs — Buck and Tigor. I've raised some fifty of this animal in my day, but 1 never owned such a tormented smart one as that fellow Buck. I believe there's a good deal of the English mastiff in him; but a keener oye than he carries in his head I never saw. Only look at that breast of his ; did you ever see a thicker or more solid ono ! He's handsomely spotted, as you may see ; but some of tlie devilish Lake Pleasant Indians out off his ears and tail about a year ago, and he now looks rather odd. You may not beliove it, but I have seen a good many men who wore not half as sensible as that very dog. Whenevor tho fel low's hungry, lie always seats himself at my feet and gives three short barks, which is his way of telling me that ho would like some broad and meat. If tlie folks happen to be away from home, and ho feels a little sharp, ho pays a regular visit to all tho houses in tho village, and after playing with the children, barks for a dry crust, which ho always receives, and then comes back to his own homo. He's a groat favourite among the children, and I'vo witnessed more than one fight among tho boys, because some wicked little scamp had thrown a stone at him. When I speak to him he understands mo just as well as you do. I can wake him out of a sound sleep, and by my saying, "Buck, go up and kiss the baby," he will march directly to tho cradle and lick the baby's face. And the way he watches that baby, when it's asleep, is perfectly curious; he'd tear you to pieces in three minutes if you wore to try to take it away. — Lanman's Adventures in Canada. How to shoe a vicious Hobse.— A recent continental traveller relates tho following ludicrous mode of shoeing a horse in Germany : « As soon as breakfast was over I generally enjoyed tho luxury of idling about tho town, and, - in passing tho shop of a blacksmith, tlie manner in which lie tacked and shod a vicious horse always amused me, On tho -outside of the wail of the house two rings were firmly fixed, to ono of which tho head of the patient was lashod close to tlie ground ; the hind foot to bo shoed, stretched out to tlie utmost extent of the leg, was then secured hy tho other ring, about five feet high, by a cord which passed through a cloven hitch fixed to tho root of tho poor creature's tail. The hind foot was con sequently very much higher than the head j indeed it was exaitod, and pulled so heavily nt the tail that tho animal seemed to he qnite anxious to keep his other feet on terra flrma. With ono hoof in the heavens, it did not suit him to kick: with his nose pointing to tho infernal regions, he could not conveniently roar ; and as the devil himself was apparently pulling at his.tdil, the horse at last gave iqi the point, and quietly submitted to lie shod. I Ihe Military Foiicu in Ibeland. — The; enrolled pensioners, the military, and the 1 constabulary _ of Ireland, form a strength of 65,000 cffcctivo men. An Economical Rideii. — An innkeeper ob served a postillion with only cue spur, and inquired tho reason. ' Why, what would he tile use of another?' siid tho postillion, ' if ono side of the liorsu goes, tlie other unnuol stand still.' Purse Ppini: Punished. — -A gentleman travel- ; ling in a gig in tlie suburbs of London on coming to a turnpike gate, stopped for a ticket, and : Avlule the gatekeeper was procuring it, throw tho I toll money down on the road. Tlie latterj with 1 great coolness, immediately took it up, and placed iiis ticket on tlie same spot which the gentleman perceiving, ami being anxious to pro ceed on his journey, requested liim to givo it up. 1 lie toll-keeper turning on his heel, replied ' No, master; whore I receives my money, there I always leaves a receipt ;' and immediately left tho gentleman tu get out of his gig and take it up himself. 