IRELAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Dublin, June 27. THE REPEAL MOVEMENT. The unhappy posture of affairs in France and the tottering condition of the English Ministry have, as usual, tended to raise fresh hopes in the bo- soms of the Repealers. The Freeman's Journal seems to be delighted at the prospect of Lord Clarendon's removal, as if the noble earl were the sole impe- diment to the march of "national inde- pendence;" still, it is difficult to con- ceive how the onward movement would be encouraged under the " military dic- tatorship" of Lord Hardinge, to whom the repeal organ points as Lord Claren- don's successor in the administration of Ireland. It was currently reported this morn- ing, that a fourth repeal party was to take the field, and that the dormant ghost of "fedearism," or, as Mr. O'Con- nell called it, "a Grand Jury Parlia- ment," was about to be evoked by some gentlemen who had not long since ren- dered themselves conspicuous by their zeal in the service of the Irish Govern- ment when the peace of the city was menaced with imminent danger. It was further reported that a preliminary meeting —private of course — was to be held this day at the residence of the principal mover of the undertaking, and that a project would be submitted, set- ting forth the advantages of a federal Parliament, holding a session every second year in Dublin for the " des- patch" of Irish business merely, that is, upon questions relating to the Poor Laws, railways, fiscal duties of grand juries, and all other matters of a local nature. Without vouching for the accuracy of this statement, it is an undeniable fact that the notion of some concession to the principles of home-made legisla- tion is gradually making progress in the minds of a section of the Protestant middle classes in Dublin. Some, how- ever, are for the Imperial Parliament taking the "rail" for Dublin every third year, in order to let English and Scotch members have the benefit of Irish air. Others would be content with a short, say two months', session every year, the Queen meanwhile holding her Court in Dublin Castle ; and thirdly come the Federalist, with their little local Par- liament, deciding upon Poor Laws, railways, roadways, and all the other et ceteras, which would help to occupy the time of the Irish senate. The following is an extract of a letter published in the Cork Exa- miner: " CLONMEL, JUNE 22. — Government are determined on strengthening Clonmel; they are about to erect new barracks here capable of accommodating 1000 men, in addition to the two new barracks here at present, which hold 500 men, for which, as I am informed, the sum of £23,000 is granted as an instal- ment. The temporary barrack, hired from Mr. B..nroni at a rent of £20 per month, is condemned as unfit for the use of the troops. Colonel S..ankey, commanding 1st Dragoon Guards, with Brevet-Colonel Smyth of the the same corps, visited Clonmel barracks this week for the purpose of making arrangements for the accommodation of a third troop of that regiment here. On their arrival, Brevet- Colonel Smyth will be stationed here in com- mand of them." THE NEW BISHOP OF CORK. An appointment has at length been made to the vacant see of Cork, Cloyne, and Ross. The Rev . Dr. Wilson, pre- center of St. Patrick's Cathedral, will be the new Bishop. The vacant see, it is un- derstood, had been offered to the Rev. Dr. Sadlier, provost of Trinity College, who, however, declined it. The revenue of the see, greatly curtailed by the Irish Church Temporalities Act, are fixed at £2,498 per annum. Dr. Wilson has been an earnest supporter of the National system of educa- tion since it establishment. His cha- racter stands high as a clergyman and an excellent member of society. On the death of Dr. Dawson. Dean of St. Patrick's, he had been a candidate for the vacant deanery, in opposition to Dr. Daly, the present Bishop of Cashel ; and, in an effort to establish his election, carried on a long but an unavailing litigation. Dr. Daly was then successful, and a few weeks after his installation was elevated to the see of Cashel by Sir Robert Peel, who came into power in 1841, just as the vacancy had oc- curred by the death of Dr. Sandes. Dr. Wilson's appointment to the see of Cork will give general satisfaction, espe- cially to that numerous party connected with the Irish Church who have been so energetically protesting against the system of introducing English clergymen as Irish bishops. In the way of political movements there is still nothing of consequence. The Irish Confederation are to meet to night to make arrangements for completing "the League" with the Old Irelanders. The "Freeman's Journal" contains a number of additional letters, including one from Mr Blake, Ro- man Catholic Bishop of Dromore, approv- ing of the junction. Ther are very few dissentients. Dr. Blake, in his letter to Mr Ray, the secretary of the Repeal Asso- ciation, says:—"The 'proposed terms for a re-union of Repealers have my deliberate, unqualified, and hearty approbation ; and, in a special manner, the 10th rule, which I trust will guard the League against the demon of discord." The Right Rev. Dr. Maginn has ad- dressed a letter to the Repeal Association on the subject of the proposed union of Repealers. Its tenor and purport may be collected from the following extract:—"In Heaven's name, then, unite, and the bles- sings of the Eternal Hills will be upon your joint efforts, and those who now despise will honour you, and those that threaten will fear you and tremble amidst their vain menaces, and shudder at the ghastly empty shadow of their own impotent tyranny. Our clergy will meet (D.V.) to-mor- row, to pronounce on your terms of union. The result you will have from me." 