THE SYDNEY CHRONICLE. TUESDAY, MARCII 14, 1848. MAGNA SIT TERITA5 AT PasvALEDIT. THE CREED OF POPE PIUS THE FOURTH. Oua hands, it seems, are to be pretty well occupied, for there appears to be no end to the forgeries, calumnies, and misrepresenta tions which have sprung into existence in consequence of the recent conversion of Messrs. Sconce and Makinson to the faith of their forefathers. The long pent up bigotry and intolerance of some members of the Anglican sect in this colony seem to be let loose, and nameless scribblers of every degree, following the amiabic example of their Bishop, appear to be in a perfect ecstaey of delight at the opportunity which has oflfred itself for each of them to cast a modicum of their long-concealed hatred upon the spotless vesture of the spouse of Christ. In our last, it was our duty to inflict a gentle castigation upon one of these persons; to-day, we must expose the for gery, point out the ignorance, and scourge the presumption of another. A writer -in the Herald of Saturday, who signs himself " Laicus," publishes in that paper whathe calls "a true and faithful translation" of the Creed of Pope Pius the Fourth, which he says was dated at Rome, anno 1654; we shall merely correct this ignorant blunder, by stating that the Creed of Pius IV. was published ninety years previous to that time and that Pope Pius himself had been dead upwards of 88 years before the time when this blunderer says the creed was dated. This very authentic writer, in order to pander to the prejudices of the ignorant, has had the audacity to suppress nearly one half of the Creed; and to give his version of it the appearance of correctness has numbered the paragraphs 1, 2, 3, and so forth. And why is this done? Because he well knew that the former part of the Creed-that part which he has so unifairly omitted-is precisely the same, word for word, as the Creed which he and every mnember of his Church receives, and which is repeated by every Anglican parson whene ver he celebrates their communion service, viz., the Creed commonly called the" Nicene Creed." It is evident, from the remarks with which he introduces his translation that he wishes it to be inferred that he has given the whole creed for he says, " I earnestly exhort all Christians who read the Scriptures for themselves to compare the Creed of Pius the Fourth with their Bibles." Again, we ask, why has he omitted the first portion of the creed ? Why, but for the purpose of misleading the ignorant and uninformed. But this is not all, he tells us'his trans lation is " true and faithful." We tell him, however, that it is not-we tell him that he has been guilty not only of misrepresen tation, but forgery, in substituting one word for another; thus, endeavouring to palm upon the Catholic Church doctrines which she never-did, and never will teach. His object is to make it appear from the Creed itself that the Catholic Church teaches, and the members of that Church believe, that not only are the saints to be "worshipped," but their " relics" are to be "worshipped" also I What will our readers think, what can they think, of the surpass ing baseness of this person, whoever he may be, when we inform them that the Creed of Pope Pius IV. stays not a word of the kind. If this man chooses, either from igno rance or malice to make a false translation of the Creed, that is no reason that we should adopt it; we are not to have his ver sion of it forced upon us, on the contrary we repudiate it. ae have our own transla tion-a translation stamped by proper and lawful authority-a translation which may be found in numbers of our authenticated books, it is by that, and that alone, we are to be bound ; and -not by the translation which every pretender may choose to make .to serve his own purposes, to " get up a case" to justify, if possible, the schism of which his own Church has been guilty. Tae words in the creed are-as follows: Similiter et Sanctos, una cum (hrislo reg uantes, venerandos, atgue invocandos esse, eoague orationes Dco pro nobis .offerre atgue earum Reliquias ease venerandas. This passage is translated by " Laicus" -".And likewise -that the saints reigning with Christ are to be worshipped and prayed unto. And that they offer their prayers unto Godfor us, and that their relics are to be worshipped." Now " Laicus" must have known very well that the word venerandos ought not to be translated " worshipped," but that it ought to have been ".honoured" or " vene rated," the meaning of which is widely different from the meaning attached to the word " worshipped" in its modern accep tation. Tohe fact is that the Church does so translate it, for in. the translation which is put into the hands of every English Catholic, and by which alone he is to be judged, and not by the translations of such men as " Laicus"-the passage runs thus : " Likewise that the saints, reigning toge ther with Christ, are to be honored and in tocated, and that their relics are to be had in veneration." This conveys a very different idea from the translation given in -the Herald. The word " worship" is in fact very am biguous, and may mean either supreme ado. ration or simple respect. We continnally find it so used in the Scriptures, and in this view even if Catholics do worship the saints -they are no more guilty of idolatry, which is the inference -sought to be drawn by ".'Laicus, " than every good. Protestant promises to be when lhe gets married; for " in the sight of God, and in the face of -the congregation," he solemnly promises and vows to worship his wife. --If this so \- lemn vow and promise is not kept, if' the wife is not woorshipped, we cannot help it, the promise is made; and just in the same snanner that the Protestant worships his wife, namely, by honouring and venerafingj her, does the Catholic worship the saints. In other parts of:. the Creed lhe has been guilty of similar misrepresentations, such for instance -as substituting " revived" for receivcd in the third jmnragraph; and the -word " Church" for. Christ in the sixth ; -the whole of which paragraph is in feet complete nonsense. He is a very cunning fellow too, this same " Laicus ;" he knows the true mean ing of Scriflture without the slightest diflil culty; lie of course cannot be mistaken in his interpretation of it; oh no, his judg ment is infallible, let the Church's be what it may. All the millions of men who are ,now in communion with the Catholic IChurch throughout the world, all the count less millions who during eighteen centuries lived and died in that faith; all these wvere nothing compared with him, lie cannot be wrong, and therefore lie does " assert that in the sacred volume of the rgyealed Word of God, there is not an iota which can in the remotest manner bear out or uphold the Pope's Bell in a single syllable, the snore. nments of Baptism and the Lord's Supper alone excepted." -How very modest I This man no doubt claiwa for himself the right of private judgment; we claim that privilege, too, and we havoas'much right to it as he has. We have read the Scriptures as well as he has; and our private judg ment tells us that they teach that there is but one God, so does the Creed of Pius IV. The Scriptures teach. that in this one God there are three persons, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost; so does the Creed of Pius lV. The Scriptures teach that the Son was made man, born of the Virgin Mary, died upon the cross for the sins of the world, and that the third day after his death, he rose from the dead, and ascended into heaven, where he sits at the right hand of God-so does the Creed of Pope Pius IV. The Scriptures teach us that at the end of the world Christ will come with glory to judge the living and the dead, so does the Creed of Pius IV. The Scriptures teach us to believe in one, holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church; so does the Creed of Pius IV.; the Scriptures teach that as there is only one faith, so there is only one baptism; so does the Creed of Pius the IV.; the Scriptures teach the resurrection of the dead and the life of the world to come: so does the Creed of Pius IV; the Scriptures teach, that the man who will not hear the C'hurch is to be treated as a heathen and a publican;so does the Creed of Pius ]V.; the Scriptures teach that Christ did institute seven sacra ments or means of grace, and so does the Creed of Pius IV. The Scriptures also teach that our Blessed Redeemer, previous to his death on the cross, instituted a sacri flee, commanding that the same should be done in remembrance of him, and he de clared also that this sacrifice was his own body and blood, this also is taught by the Creed of Pope Pius lV. ; the Scriptures teach that there is a prison out of which no man shall come until he has paid the utter most farthing, that there are some sins which may be forgiven in the next life, that nothing defiled can enter the kingdom of heaven, and that the dead may be helped by the prayers of the living; so does the Creed of Pius IV.; and so of all the other articles mentioned in the Creed. This writer, or others of the same stamp, may assert if they choose that the Scrip tures teach none of these things,'but how do they know th;t ? By their own private judgment; we have an equal right to pri vate judgment, and we assert that these things are taught in the Scriptures, who is to decide ? We guess we are quite as capable of judging upon the'matter as this M1r. " Laicus," or any other Quixotic po lemic. If private judgment be the rule by which we are to be guided, we are right as well as they are ; and consequently the doctrines of our Church are not anti-scrip tural, and it is no crime in the sight of God to embrace them, notwithstanding the flip pant self-conceit of " Laicus." It is strange that those who know nothing about the tenets of the 'Catholic Church, except what they have learned from the most perverted sources, should pretend to know the faith she teaches better than Catholics themselves do. But so it is, they paint up a hideous caricature of Catholicity, and then force it upon up whether we will. or not. The writers who have recently enteredthe polemical arena in this colony are far behind the age, even from Dr. Broughton downwards. Let any of them go to Eng land, where even now the controversy is carried on With the greatest warmth, and they will find that it is conducted in a man ner becoming the spirit of Christianity, and as it ought to be, by persons really desirous of arriving at the truth ; whilst here we have only the old forgeries, the old misre presentations, the oft-refuted calumnies, raked up for no other purpose, as it would appear, but to create dissension. It is not our intention to notice every anonymous scribbler who may choose to obtrude himself on the public, but this falsification of the creed which we profess, and the covert attempt made to convict us of grievous sin out of our own mouths was so barefaced, that we could not let it pass unexposed. 