LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. FRIDAY, 14TH MARCH. PRESENT His Rxcatiawrir H LIBUTBJUXT.GOTXBHOB. The Colonial Secretary The Attorney-General Chief Police Magistrate The Colonial Treasurer The Colonial Auditor Captain Swanston Captain Fenton li. Dry, Esq. J. Kerr, Esq. W. Kermode, Esq. J. Dunn, junr., Esq.. T. G. Gregson, EIIJ. Roderic O'Connor, Esq. "first-class Chief Justice, (engaged in the Supreme Court.) A petition was presented by Mr. Dry, numerously and respectably signed by inhabitants of Hobart Town, respectfully praying that the Council fix the registration fee for dogs at one shilling instead of (five, as fixed by the Council yesterday. Petition road and received. Mr. KERMODE presented another petition from Mr. John Hall, printer, of Hobart Town, praying that the Council would delay the filing of the new bill to restrain the increase of dogs, until the inhabitants had time to petition against it. Petition read and received. Captain FENTON gave notice of the following motions for next meeting of Council : 1st. "A copy of the case in the matter of Alfred Garrett, laid by the Caveat Board before the Supreme Court, and the opinion of their Honors the Judges thereon. SnU. " A copy of the record in the writ of intrusion tried in the Supreme Court in the case of the Queen v. Fenton. Uid. A copy of the record in the ejectment of Doe on the demise of Garrett v. Fenton, tried in the Supreme Court. 4th. " A copy of the record in the ejectment of Doe on the demise of Butler v. Martin, tried in the Supreme Court the, A copy of the records in the several ejectment of Doe demise Lord !'. Jackson, Addison, and Maclaren, tried in the Supreme Court." Mr. Drew gave notice of motions for Monday v : "That a committee of this Council be appointed to enquire into the grievances of the colony." " That the Lieutenant-Governor be requested to furnish copies of the recent despatches relating to the Land Fund." The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved that the Council do sanction the payment of £15,831 3s, 6d. expended in the year 1846, but not voted in the estimates for that year. The hon, member, in calling the attention of the Council to the motion, referred to the general depression which prevailed in the colony at the time the money was expended, and explained the several items of the expenditure alluded to. Eight thousand pounds had been paid to the Commissariat ; the loan from the Australasian Bank of £6000 had been repaid. There had also been a repay- ment of an advance to the Agent-General in England, which had certainly been voted in another form. Mr. DRY would inquire if the sum of £5,000, borrowed from the Bank of Australasia, had been borrowed with the consent of the Legislative Council. The COLONIAL SECRETARY explained that the Council was not sitting at the time, but, being required by the Government, His Excellency (Sir Eardley-Wilmot) had borrowed it on his own responsibility. The motion, being seconded by the Attorney-General, was carried by a majority of 10 to 2; Messrs. Gregson and Swanston forming the minority. Captain SWANSTON observed, that he should enter a protest against this appropriation of the public funds, considering that the Council had no constitutional authority to sanction the payment. Hud the estimates been properly prepared, the deficiency would not have arisen. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved that the report of the amended Roads Bill he brought up and adopted. Mr. Ditr rose, and objected to two several sections of the Act-the 37th and the 21st. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL afforded an explanation of the 37th, when Mr. Day, referring to the 21st, proposed an amendment, to the effect that the nomination and appointments of surveyors should be with the commissioners appointed in the several districts, and not with the Lieutenant-Governor His EXCELLENCY remarked, that the object of the clause was to promote an economical distribution of the moneys collected. If the proposed alteration were carried out, every district would require a surveyor and overseer ; whereas, by this section, a competent person could be appointed, upon whom would devolve the charge and personal superintendence of each district. The appointment of surveyors in every district would swallow up a large portion of the funds raised to repair the roads. Mr. Dux did not appear to agree with His Excellency. A surveyor would not always be required, and being engaged by the inhabitants under contract, great expense would be avoided. His EXCELLENCY considered that it was necessary, for the effectual control and supervision of the works, as well as with a view to economy, that the section should stand. The amendment of Mr. Dry not being seconded, fell to the ground. The third reading of the bill was then postponed till Monday. 'J the following bills were read the first time :-- Prisons Regulation Bill, Amended Quarter Sessions Act Bill, the quieting of Claims to Grant; of Land Bill. The Bill for the prevention of counterfeiting Foreign Coin was read a second time, when the Council adjourned till twelve o'clock on Saturday. SATURDAY, 25TH MARCH. /Vest»f-His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor and all the members, except Captain Fenton. PETITION. Mr. Day presented a petition from certain inha turns of Hobart Town with reference to the Dog Regis, tration Bill, praying that the 5th clause, now requiring a uniform tax of as., may be so altered as that one dog may- be kept on the chain free of any registration fee, and that the fee for any other dogs shall be Is. REGULATION OF PRISONS BILL. On the motion of the ATTORNEYGENERAL, this bill was read a second time, and its clauses considered in committee, which were all ordered to stand part of the bill, without alteration. The third reading was fixed for Monday. QUARTER SESSIONS AMENDMENT BILL. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved the second reading of this bill, the object of which is to amend the laws in respect to the constitution of courts of general and quarter sessions to define the jurisdiction, powers, and authorities of such courts, and of justices of the peace, in certain cases relating to transported and other offenders and for other purposes connected therewith. The second reading was agreed to and, on the Council resolving itself into committee, all the clauses were ordered to stand part of it, without alteration. Third reading for Monday. FOREIGN COIN BILL. The object of this hill is, " for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting of foreign coin within this island, and for uttering or importing of such foreign coin within the same." On the motion of the ATTORNEY-GENERAL, the bill was read a second time. The Council then resolved itself into committee. There ensued much conversation on several of the clauses between the Attorney-General and the Chief Justice relating to matters of detail. The clauses were all eventually ordered to stand part of the bill, with some alterations and modifications as to the sentences to be awarded for offences against the flat. The third reading was ordered for Monday. THE (NEW) DOG ACT. The Council again resolved itself into committee on this hill, for the reconsideration of several clauses which were left for further discussion when it was last in committee. The,ATToriNEY-GENiiBAL proposed a proviso to the fifth clause, of which he had given notice, to exempt those who had registered their dogs for the present year from the payment of any fee on a new registration until the expiry of 12 months from the period of the last registra- tion. The proviso, after some discussion, was agreed to. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL then proposed a clause in accordance with a motion of Mr. Gregson at a former sitting, imposing a penalty not exceeding £50, by summary jurisdiction of the magistrates, upon all persons who may import into this inland, from any portion of New Holland, any wild dog of that island. The introduction of this (on the 12th clause was carried on a division. Mr. DRY moved the reconsideration of the 8th clause, so far as regards the tax of 5s. upon each dog. Already several petitions had been received against this very large amount for registration and if time were given, he was confident that similar ones would be forwarded from all parts of the colony. Surely the petitions of the colonists were entitled to some weight. A low rate of registration would enable many persons to keep one dog for the protection of their property, and thus larceny and burglary would often be prevented. He should move that the words "five shillings," in the fifth clause, be struck out, and the words " one shilling" substituted in lieu thereof. Mr. GBEOSOU briefly seconded the motion. Mr. O'CONNOR would oppose the motion. The great mischief arose from the dogs kept by farmers. small settlers, and their servants, who were in the vicinity of sheep runs. As regards burglary he did not think there was much fear of it. He had" been here for 25 years, and frequently left his door unlocked, and yet he had lost no property. He had been in the habit of travelling during that long period, and never was stopped, i Larcenies and other robberies were generally committed by the servants of those who were plundered, so that one dog on the chain would be of no avail in preventing those offences, The motion was then put. and carried. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL would now move an amendment to the 5th clause as it at present stood, which was, that the clause he altered back to the original draft of it, so as to be in accordance with the scale of registration fees in schedule B also in the original draft of the bill. By the scale in that schedule, a poor man who requires a dog for the protection of his properly will only have to pay one shilling ; But if he should have a second dog. the charge upon each will be 2s., thus imposing a restraint upon his keeping an unnecessary animal. If a person had three dogs, then he would have to pay 7s. 6d., being 2s. 6d. upon each; and if a person had such extensive property or possessions as to render necessary for their protection, or in the assistance of their shepherd?, more than three dogs, then he would have to pay 5s. for each, whatever number he might keep. He was still of opinion that this scale of registration was reasonable and equitable ; it was in accordance with the principle of the bill " to restrain the increase of dogs." If the flockmasters were to complain that they had to pay more for their dogs, as requiring a greater number than any other settlers it ought to be remembered that they had also complained of their severe losses from the number of unnecessary dogs, kept in some instances by even their own shepherds. by the reinstatement of the original scale of fees they would receive more than a set-off, in the prevention of injury, to their flocks, than the amount of registration. Mr. KERMODE seconded the amendment of the Solicitor General. The amendment was put to the vote, and carried. The original clause was then read by the clerk, and ordered to stand part of the bill, as was also, the reinsertion of schedule li, which is as follows: (s d. For one dog, if our; one be kept..). 1 0 Foreachdup, if two only be kept...'. S O For each dog, if three only be kept.'.. 3 0 For each dog, if more than three be kept. A O The ATTORNEY-GEÍNERAL then moved that section 15, which had been struck out when the bill was last in committee, be re-inserted. Several hon, members, who voted for expunging the clause oil UuUoccasion, seemed to have misconceived its object. It was no device of his own, but in accordance with a provision in the Dog Act of New South Wales, where he believed, it had been found very useful in preventing the dangers and annoyances which were sought to be put down, He had himself been eye- witness to a serious accident to Lieutenant King, in the streets of Hobart Town and he knew of authenticated instances of injury, especially ¿> equestrians, by dogs not under proper control, barking and biting at the heels of the animal, to the imminent danger! both of the rider and his horse. The clause would inflict a penalty of not less than 20s. or more than £5, together with costs, 8s. on the keeper of such dog. The motion was agreed to, at the 10th clause restored to the original draft of the hill, he Colonial Secretary observing, that he never went home but four-and- twenty dogs were sure to come running out after him. The Council resumed and the third reading was ordered for Monday. The Council then adjourned to Monday, at one o'clock. MONDAY, 27TH (MARCH. The Council met at one o'clock., Present His Excellency and all the members. The following petitions were presented, and ultimately received:-' Captain Swanston.-From a number of Inhabitants of Hobart Town against the continuance of the Peimy-o-duy system of Education. Captain Swanston-From ministers of several churches and con- gregations in Launceston against the ftiiny-a-day system of Education. Captain Fenton.-From John Martin, of New Norfolli.'aRainst the proposed bill to extend the provisions of an Act for the Settlement of Claims to Grants of Land, to. Mr. Dry.-From Catherine Blum, on the same subject. Mr Dry.-From Mr. Abbott, on the same subject. Captain FENTON moved that the three latter petitions be printed, in order that, when the Act was referred to Her Majesty, these documents might accompany it. Carried. The Estimates of Mr. Dry were copying and were postponed in consequence. Mr. BUT then moved for the appointment of a committee of Council to enquire and report upon the grievances of the colony. He begged to refer to the circumstances under which the present motion was made. The operation of these circumstances were calculated to operate prejudicially upon the rights and privileges of the colonists as British subjects. Air. Dry also considered that the charges upon the colonial revenue were put to an improper purpose. Labouring, then, under these disad- vantages) he did not think the appointment of a committee would be objected to. In the first place, the constitution of the colony did not bestow any rights and privileges upon the subject; and, secondly, the burthen upon the colonial revenue, the hon. member argued, was objectionable. CAPTAIN FENTON seconded the motion. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL rose to oppose it. The hon. member objected to the shape in which the motion was put. Its professed object was to obtain a committee to enquire into the grievances of the colony ; but those grievances were not set forth, nor any particular reason advanced, why the committee should be appointed. It would compel the committee to embark into the ocean of investigation, and all to no purpose. He (the hon. member was at a loss to know what would form the subject of investigation. The hon. member opposite had referred to the existing curtailment of the rights and privileges of the colonists, but had not mentioned in what manner those rights and privileges had sustained any prejudice. The second reason the hon. member had advanced was, the burthen of the charges on the colonial revenue. The hon. member surely did not require the appointment of a district committee to enquire into that. He had already obtained a committee to enquire into the disbursements of the colonial revenue. The est mates had been objected to by the hon. member, and his own were about to be considered ; he therefore could not see how far his object could be answered by the appointment of this committee. He did not see how far the state of the colony justified the. present application. [CAPTAIN FENTON observing that he differed in opinion with the Attorney- General, that the colony had no grievances, the Attorney-General denied having said so.] Captain FENTON observed that the colonists either had grievances to complain of, or they had not. If the Attorney-General had not denied it, there were grievances to contend against and if he admitted it, there were good grounds for the appointment of a committee. The hon. member then referred to the fact that a similar committee had been formed at Sydney, and their labours had tended to a settlement of those grievances. The hon. member had argued against it as entering into a wide ocean of investigation. He (Captain Fenton) considered it was time to embark in investigation. were not the constitutional rights of the colonists, as freeborn Britons, openly invaded by the attempt to carry the bill now on the table through the Council? Were not the dearest interests, the birth- rights of the colonists thus impugned The titles to property were sought to be unsettled and that is the spirit of an enactment which the Attorney and Solicitor-General of England had declared unlawful. Was not this, the hon. member inquired, a grievance sufficient to complain of? Were not the very principles of the constitution of that Council set at nought, the provisions of the charter invaded, by the Doubts Bill, which had been unconstitutionally made into a law? Were not the colonists also denied the appropriation of the Land fund ? Had not Earl Grey admitted that every colony had a right to the control of its own Land Fund? And was not that opinion borne out by the successor to Mr. Under-Secretary Stephen (Mr. Merivale.) in his lectures on colonization? The Legislative Council of Australia had asserted their right to the fund ; it was appropriated for the benefit of the colony. Had not, the hon. member asked, Earl Grey written, that the Home Government had no interest in the Land Fund of a colony except as trustees for the public? And yet, should a committee to enquire into the grievances of Van Diemen's Land be objected to? Adverting to the Act for quieting claims to grants of land, Captain Fenton observed, that it was a most unconstitutional attack upon the liberties of the subject ; it was retrospective in its provisions. There were now cases in the Supreme Court which the provisions of that Act, if passed into a law, would materially affect. 11 had been clearly proved by the opinions of the law officers he had before referred to, that the Statute of James is in force wherever British law exists and it was undoubtedly a great grievance which the present Act would inflict on the colony. He therefore seconded the motion. The COLONIAL SECRETARY, in opposing the resolution, said, that a bill now upon the table had been commented upon as a great public grievance by the hon. gentleman who spoke last. Truly, it must be a heavy grievance when it affected the hon. gentleman's personal interest. He (the Colonial Secretary) did not think it was a fair way to treat a measure. has denied, at considerable length, that the colonists were deprived of their political rights, inas- much as, even now, a bill conferring a legislative assembly might be undergoing discussion in Parliament. This, the hon. gentleman observed, was well known in the colony ; why then this earnestness in the appointment of a com- mittee to enquire into those grievances which the Home Government were about to do away with The earnest- ness of purpose of Lord Grey was well known, and it was therefore unreasonable to dwell any longer on the subject of this grievance. It was like stirring up the ghosts of grievances ; but as to the fiscal arrangements of the colonial Government, it could not be denied that the Home Government had got, if the claims were persisted in heavy demand upon this colony. The support hitherto contributed by the Home Government in the Item of pauperism, although conceded in another form, If put fairly before the Council, would be found to overbalance many of the grievances. The hon. gentleman considered that if the Home Government were to concede what had been urged by the Lieutenant-Governor, more good would be effected by it than by a committee of grievances. Adverting to the colonists and the non-official members, Mr. Bicheno said, they were always pressing their case on the consideration of the Home, Government? and stating that their grievances were too hard to be borne. And what answer did they expect? They might depend upon it they would have the same as that given to the people of New South Wales. " We will give you a Legislative Council, but we will withdraw your convicts. You shall manage your own affairs shall receive none of our assistance. " They (non. members) might depend upon it that would be the reply of the Home Government. " Let pardons be given to all the convicts who are available, and let the rest he sent to Norfolk Island. This, the hon. member considered, would be disadvantageous to the interests of the colony; therefore, with respect to the present motion, he should strenuously oppose it. He did not think those were friends to the colony who voted for the motion; it would be injurious to the colony. the colony would never again be in such a flourishing state. Hon. members would act unadvisedly if they threw any obstacle in the way of that stream of irrigation-to use the simile of an Hon. »neild-flowing from the Commissariat Department, and fertilising the soil and prospects of the colony. He contended that the officials sent out to govern the colony could never look but to its interest; their interests and pleasure were closely increased with the welfare of the colony. Considering that the adoption of the resolution would do harm, he therefore opposed it. Captain FENTON rose to contradict the opening statement of the hon, member, when he had said he (Capt. Fenton) had a personal interest in the rejection of the bill on the table. He is Captain Fenton had not the slightest personal interest. He had taken out new grants for every acre of ground he possessed, and therefore the Act did not affect him. He therefore wished the Council to hear his straightforward contradiction. The COLONIAL SECRETARY observed that a petition was on the table with his signature. Captain Fenton : " Yes, as the trustee of another person." Mr. DEY replied at length. In the course of his observations he adverted to the belief encouraged by the colonists upon His Excellency's arrival in the colony, that they were about to reap the benefit of free institutions. The same announcement had also been made by Sir John Franklin during the term of his Government. Pie considered that by the adoption of his motion good would be attained. He urged the matter upon the consideration of the Council. It was necessary to arrive at a proper estimate of the grievances so long borne by the colonists, as it was impossible to find one in the colony who was not confident those grievances did exist. He should therefore press the motion, which was put by His Excellency, and lost. in accordance with the terms of Mr. Dry's motion, of which notice had been given, His Excellency laid upon the table an extract from despatch received relating to the Land Fund Ordered to be printed. Captain FENTON'S motions being brought forward by Mr. Dry, Capt. F. explained his object in doing so. He considered that the constitutional rights of the subject were I invaded in the bill about to be carried through the Council, and conceived it to be his duty to lay before members such information as might enable them to come to a con], calm, und dispassionate decision, before they passed, what he believed to be an Act replete with injustice to the subject. The COLONIAL SECRETARY opposed the furnishing of some of the papers, in consequence of their being accessible to the hon. member on application and payment to the Registrar of the Supreme Court. Some conversational discussion took place, which was ultimately put an end to by His EXCELLENCY, who observed, that the production of the papers called for by the hon. member was perhaps of not so much importance. He (the Lieutenant Governor, would now state that the bill referred to would not be passed the present session. He had been informed by the Attorney-General that it had been circulated amongst the gentlemen of the legal profession, who were called upon to give their opinions thereupon. It would therefore, perhaps, require extensive alterations, which could not be attended to till next session. The bill to amend the Act for quieting Claims to Grants of Land is therefore for the present abandoned. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL then moved that the Roads Bill should be read a third time and passed. Seconded by Mr. Bicheno. The bill was thrown out by a majority of 8 to 2. Prisons Bill third reading passed. Amended Quarter Sessions Act-third reading passed. the Council (then resolved itself into committee on the increase of Dogs Bill. On the motion of the Attorney-General, a proviso was added to the Atti section, exempting persons from the payment of the registration fee, until the 31st October next, who have taken out licences under the old Act, and rendering such licences valid. The Council resumed. Third reading of Dog Bill ordered on Tuesday, until which day, at two o'clock, the Council adjourned, after permission had been given for some papers to be furnished, on the motion of Mr. Dry. TUESDAY, 28TH MARCH. Present, the Lieutenant-Governor and twelve members ; absent, Mr. O'Connor and Mr. Gregson. Captain FENTON presented a petition from Mr. John Morgan, on behalf of persons in the interior who had paid the licence money required by the former Dog Act in 1846, praying the proceeds thereof to be appropriated to the repair of the roads in the several districts where collected. The hon. member moved that the petition he received, and recommended it strongly to the consideration of His Excellency and Council from the justice of the claim. Petition received. Mr. Dry presented two petitions, very numerously signed, from the inhabitants of Launceston, in favour of the penny a-day system of education.- Received. Mr. Dry moved for a copy of the record in the case of Lord v. Jackson R Addison to he laid on the table.- Ordered. Increase of Dogs Bill read third time Passed. Prevention of Counterfeiting Foreign Coin Bill read third time Passed. Grants of Land Bill withdrawn. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in notifying his intention to withdraw the bill, wished it to be perfectly understood that he had not been influenced by any observations which had been made with reference to the subject, but solely under the impression that hon. members had not had sufficient time to consider the importance of its provisions, and the desirability of legislation upon the subject. He should, however, he prepared in a future session to bring the matter before His Excellency and the Council. The LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR enquired of Mr. Dry, as the chairman of the committee appointed to report upon the portions of public expenditure incurred for the purposes of the Home Government, as, if their labours were concluded. Mr. DRY observed that they had been waiting for a certain return, but that the report could be brought up at an early period. His EXCELLENCY intimated that, as the reports of this committee, the committee to inquire into the state of the insolvent law, and steam navigation, appeared to be the only business before the Council, it was desirable that the report first referred to should be brought up ; the others could sit during the recess. It was ultimately agreed that the Council should meet, pro forma, on Monday next, at two o'clock, to receive the report, until which day the Council adjourned. 