Lord Hardinge for Ireland, Tho present state of affairs in Ireland is such as to call for tho utmost possible degree of vigi lance and decision on tho part of tho government of that country. Tho present lull which appears to havo taken place in the agitation for repeal, is calculated rather to create suspioion than to inspire confidence as to the ultimate tranquility of that portion of her Majesty's dominions. The union ot tno Uld and x oung iroianuers, viewed simply by itself, is of littlo importance, inasmuch as it seems to havo been an event rendered abso utely necessary by the existing state of things. One of these bodies' namely, the Con ciliation Hall party, had arrived at such a state of prostration that they must have quietly yielded up the ghost, or havo endeavoured to renovate and prolong thoir existence by attaching them- solvcs to some othor party, having in them more of Iho sap and vigour of vitality. On tho othor hand, the Young Ireland party, from the intem perate and violent nature of somo of their proceedings, had forfeited the confidence of many sincere Repeaters, and thus it had become incumbent on them to tuka some steps to regain tho influence which they had lost. Tho result is that from the fusion of tbe two a sort of confederation, or associatnon, to bo called " The Irish Leaguo," is to spring. This league, it is quite plain, will require to be well watched, ilithorto tho government have certainly acted with a decree of coolness, as well as determination, that is worthy of all praise. In tho present state of things, however, wo do think that the man at the head of affairs in Ireland ought to bo a military man. Rumours havo been afloat for some timo that it was tbe intention to send over Lord Hardinge to take the place of the Earl of Clarendon. A bettor man could not be ap pointed. His military genius, as well as bis personal courage, are above all suspicion. That he will act with tbat degree of firmness and moderation necessary under tho circumstances it is only reasonable to conclude. Lord Claren don, it is stated in more than one quarter, is heartily tired of his post; and, in trutb,it is not to be wondered at tbat be shonid be. Ever since his lordship's arrival in Ireland be has been kept perpetually in hot water. That a chango of some kind, therefore, whether it bo the result of a change of ministry or not, will take place in tho person of tho chief govenor of Ireland, there .cannot, we apprehend, be much doubt. And under all the circumstances we do not think that a better selection could possibly bo made than tbe man who has lately gained such honours on the banks of the Sutlej. If fighting does take placo in Ireland, it is evident that the whole strength of tho empire must be put forward, if necessary— toto certandum corpore regni—ia order to orush an insurrection which, if successful, would leave Ireland to bo torn with intestine factions, and rednce England to a third rate power in Europe.- — Sunday Times, June 25. 