;? NKWSTfyOAf TUETNTERIOR. (From our CçrrespatuUnla,) ' WINDSOR. ' j ACCIDENT-An Mr. W. Johnston, of Pitt Town, and two of his sons, were branding some young cattle in the stockyard, one of the animals was so unruly as to require the aid of a strong rope to secure him, and before this could be properly effected, he kicked out and fractured the right leg of one of the young men about four inches below the knee. The frac- ture, fortunately proved a simple one and from the good constitution and youth of the sufferer, there is little doubt but union of the bones will soon take place. This circumstance should operate as a caution to those who may be similarly employed, and indeed it is a great wonder that more accidents do not occur from the carelessness and indifference often exhibited by those immediately concerned in such pursuits. THE BENCH. We are much gratified to find that Captain Scarvall has been able to attend the Bench, for though still very helpless from the effects of his most lamentable, accident, his recovery may be said to be progressive and even much advanced. Six months have now elapsed since the unfortunate occurrence, and though such a period of confinement and occasional endurance of intense pain, was quite sufficient to undermine many a young and strong constitution, yet the Captain seems in. appearance and spirits almost as well as ever he was and though his reappearance on the Bench is a matter of extreme congratulation to his friends, it is no less an important affair for the public generally. t , ELISOTIONEL-IUXQ.-JUNE 28.>-Mr. Cheeke made his debut on the commencement of a canvas for the counties of Cook and Westmoreland. _ A numerous and respectable assemblage of the constituents of those counties took place at Mr. Coffey's Hotel, and adopted an address to him, which was afterwards well filled with the signatures of those possessing power and influence. Mr. Cheeke may consider himself as the chosen out" and we question very much if he will even be troubled with the show of opposition, for of the two gentlemen who have been spoken of us rival candidates, one of them, (Mr. Fitzgerald) has not the slightest idea of allowing himself to be put in nomination,., and with respect to the other he has not the ghost, of a chance. The electors of Cook and Westmoreland have been taught a sufficient lesson, to make them wary in their present choice and although Mr. Cheeke has only this day publicly come for I ward, his name has been before the electors I for months, and what is still better, almost unanimously hailed. One objection has been raised against him, that he is a government officer, and consequently cannot give on some occasions, when he maybe called on, an independent vote and the case of Sir Thomas Mitchell instanced as a proof in favour of this, but the interference of the government in Sir Thomas's case, became necessary from his constant opposition ; with Mr. Cheeke' matters -w will be for different, for possessing as he does a considerable and increasing interest in the colony, as a grazier and stockholder, an identity in views and principles with the great mass of the colonists may be consistently and safely expected from him. In ''this town but one opinion prevails about Mr. Cheeke's success, and no matter what rumours may arise, he is sure to be the suc I cessful candidate for Cook and Westmoreland. 