SYDNEY : SATURDAY, JUNE 24, 1848. MAGNA EST VERITAS, ET PREVALEBIT. ON THE APPLICATION OF REASON TO CHRISTIAN VERITIES. II. IT was remarked by Locke, the astute founder of Modern Philosophy, that a bias or "partiality to opinions is very apt to mislead the understanding ;" and herein, at all events, that worthy spoke the truth. If there had remained the slightest trace of doubt on his mind as to the correctness of his observation, it might have been effectually removed by the perusal of Mr. Morrel's pamphlet, as reprinted verbatim in our last. But unfortunately this illustration of a self evident axiom was reserved for a future day; until the Rational Protestantism of the one, could stand before the world fully developed into the weak and sneering Infidelity of the other. The intense blindness of this enthusiastic old Protestant as regards anything that contradicts or confounds his own particular heresy, would be, on any other subject but religion, irresistibly amusing. We make no distinction between the soi-disant Protestant Churchman and the long resigned Student of Christ Church, because we'feel assured that they are one and the same individual : the same hesitating scepticism, wilful blindness, and stupid inconsistency prevades both of the letters in the tract we alluded to. Like the aged king of Troy he took up "arma diu desueta," and would fain have led the forlorn hope of Infidelity against a Catholic Truth. It is too little to say, that the darts fall harmless from his hand, but was there no Hecuba stand- ing by to prevent such an exhibition of rashness and folly ? Nothing but the remembrance of his years re- strains us from the amplification of our indignation and contempt. Still as wine lays bare the thoughts of man, so the incautiousness of age sometimes displays the arcana of a faction, and shows us their secret intention. For this it is that we prize the twopenny tract in question, and proceed to analyze it somewhat more at length, than at first it seems to deserve. It is the Voice of Rational- ism speaking with a most injudicious distinctness, instead of dwelling as in duty bound in decent generalities. The author plainly declares—that by objecting to give our Lady the title of the Mother of God, " we " (that is Mr. Morrell and his friends) " imply much more than putting aside the Maryolatry of the Church of Rome. We imply that we adopt the doctrine of the Trinity in a qualified manner, never forgetting that God the Father Almighty is supreme."* Thus far we gladly assent. We think so too-we have ever thought so. The tender scruples of Nestorins always eventually develope into Arianism of one form or another; and at the very best Sabellianism, or a denial of the three persons in the God- head, must be their fruit. This may, or may not, be the extent of apostacy in the present instance. But the goal of Socinianism, if as yet unattained, is close before the wanderer, and the deep gulf of Infidelity a little—a very little further on. A man that can trample under foot the creeds of the Church Universal, and coolly assert that Anglicans do not pray to every person of the Blessed Trinity in their Church Service, cannot feel much diffi- culty when he comes to the First Chapter of St. John's Gospel, or any other passage of Scripture which does not meet his views. He will, of course, treat them as apocryphal, and then the Socinian Version, wherein all such are printed in italics, will offer no offence to his theories. Confining ourselves, however, to the first letter for the present, we beg to congratulate Dr. Jeune, the self seeking master of Pembroke, on this appendage to the Nestorian Sermon. Yt we much fear that Dr. Jeune was vexed at a laudation, which tended to throw aside his cloak. This we would remind our readers is the same gentleman who did the dirty work of the Crown at Gloucester, when a large number of episcopal clergymen assembled to thank their Bishop for opposing the conse cration of Dr. Hampden. Now Dr. Hampden has at all times resolutely. declared, that the doctrines of Christianity are borrowed from the abstractions of Plato. Perhaps Dr. Jeune, in his anxiety to obtain a bishopric, may have omitted to study the Fathers, but we think he must have seen an Anglican Book called " Nelson's Fasts and Festivals," which has been in constant use in that communion from the period of its first appearance -about 130 years ago. Absolutely contradicting the Nestorianism of Dr. Jeune, and all those, who from rabid aversion to " Popery," have preferred to risk their orthodoxy in the fundamental doctrine of the Trinity ; it distinctly teaches the catechumen to call St. Mary the Mother of God ;-and in-a lengthy paragraph advances most stringent reasons for doing so. We regret our inability to set the 'whole passage before our readers, having vainly attempted to procure a copy of the work in question. It is, however, by no means rare, being an Anglican Text Book of high authority, and by many ranked next after the Common Prayer Book itself.} We are aware, that many of those good people who are, in the Anglican Communion, dignified or disgraced by the title of Low Churchmen, attempt to assert that they are firm believers in the doctrine of the Trinity, in all' its integrity; and do nevertheless refuse to acknowledge that the Blessed Virgin is the Mother of God. But this is utterly futile, for Nestorianism in volves an eventual denial of the Trinity; and the proof is obvious and easy. We all, that " believe rightly in the Incarnation,," know that God and Man is one Christ. Now, if Jesus is one Person and one Christ, the Virgin must, be the mother of. that one Person and one Christ; and further, 'if that one Person and one Christ be God, it follows that the Virgin must be' the mother of God. The converse of this syllogism alone can prove that she was the mother of a man at all. It. is beside the question to say that she was only the mother of Jesus, because that indirectly declares that the Divine and Human natures were separate, and not conjoined in the person of our Nothing written by Catholics for many years past makes half so much for devotion to the Blessed Virgin as this man, who places it on the same basis as Christ's Divinity, as though if one were true, the other doctrine should naturally follow. t Possibly this 'important passage may have been omitted in the 'abridged," or rather mutilated reprint of this work set forth by the Society for promoting Christian Knowledge. We refer of course to a perfect edition. Redeemer. Foreseeing which, the Church has wisely declared that," although he be God and Man: 'yet he is not two, but one Christ ;-one altogether; not by con fusion of Substance : but by unity of Person;" The looseness of Nestorius thus carefully guarded against, must eventually subvert the doctrine of the Tri nity, because it indirectly establishes two persons in Christ, instead of two conjoined natures'; and to obviate, the difficulty thus raised, a more consistent, but deeper shade of heresy is forced upon the mind, viz :-Socini- anism or Gnosticism. For as no man' in his senses could for a moment imagine that Christ was two persons, it in evitably follows from the above' premises that He was, either a man, or else as said the old Gnostics, that He was not a man at all, and only seemed to be human.`' Mr. Morrell, although wavering still, seems inclined to pre fer the former, as the more rational, hypothesis. But even if he were disposed to stop short at Sabellianism, he would yet have to explain how an emanation or pow er of the Almighty could with propriety be named the Son, and become incarnate in the person of a man. The difficulty would still be unremoved. But enough of such heretical speculations, they present far greater obstacles to reason itself, than the Catholic doctrine, and their contemplation is at once unedifying and distressing. 'The above is a sketch of the effects of Reason in the mind of our luckless pamphleteer :-" Ex uno disco omnes." He begins by being a zealous Nestorian in which he is almost universally joined by the Low Church Clergy from their hatred of every thing tending to mag nify the Blessed Virgin above all other creatures. He finds that to deny that the mother of Christ is the Mo- ther of God, is, in effect, to deny that Christ is God, and thus adopts the doctrine of the Trinity in a qualified sense. In the labyrinth of error into which he has entered from the one false step of declining to style St. Mary the Mother of God, having rejected Revelation except as hammered out on his own anvil, and refused the aid of universal Tradition (without which, by the bye, he would never have known what Revelation was), he had nothing to appeal to but the old misleader of man-that hollow phantom of his imagination-his common sense. Alas, the light that was in him must have been darkness in deed, or he would have been painfully aware of his gross inconsistency. Groping onwards with this poor rushlight he discovers fearful blemishes in the third Christian Creed, named that of Athanasius, in honor of its great defender. He perceives, that it " virtually de nies that God the Father Almighty, is the supreme object of worship, the only self-existing Omnipotent; to whom all Protestants address ALL their prayers in accor dance with the liturgy, of the Church of England, and especially the prayer for all conditions of men,. and the. general thanksgiving." We are astonished. We thought that the Common Prayer Book was full of petitions, utterly incompatible' with any antitrinitarian hypothesis. We stand corrected by this Anglican Divine. We thought that members of that communion did occasionally pray to every person of the Holy Trinity, and that too in the language of the Catholic Church. We must take leave to think so still. Surely Mr. Morrell must have long been in the habit of sleeping during the Litany, which beginning by severally invocating each person of the Godhead distinctly and collectively, is throughout addressed to our Redeemer, from the words " Remember not 0 Lord our offences" to the end. 'take for example the following : "By thine Agony and bloody Sweat; by thy Cross and Passion : by thy precious Death and Burial; by thy' glorious Resurrection and Ascension, and by the coming of the Holy Ghost, Good Lord, deliver us" a beautiful and affecting prayer; but neventheless it is impossible for us to address it to God the Father. Ex amine also the context of the Te Deum and Glorias, and especially those collects and other prayers which so gene rally end with this or such like summary of Trinitarian doctrine :-" To whom with thee and the Holy Ghost, &c.;, &c.;" The Angelical Hymn in the Communion Service, the Festival and offices for Trinity Sunday but it is vain to multiply instances. It is true, that 'many prayers, in both communions are addressed to God the Father, but does this militate against the doctrine in question? Are we to be told, that, by summing up our prayers with the words per Jesumn Christum Dominum nostrum, we " virtually deny" the Trinity ? God forbid. The notion is so perfectly inconsequential, that it does not deserve an answer. A child in a Sunday school would treat it with contempt. But this is the fruit of reasoning instead of believing, and ofecavilling in' the place of receiving what Goct has re vealed. With regard to his clap-trap' allusion to the " dam na tory clauses," it is scarcely worth our notice-we consi * " For all these things he sutfered that we might be saved; and as he truly suifered so he really rose again, not as some unbelievers. say, that lhe seemed to endure sufferings which were but in seeming, and such as they thiu k 'will happen to tihe disembodied and the spirits of men after death. For I saw him after the resurrection in th~e Flesh, 8,c.- Epistle qf Saint Ignatius to the Smyrnæans, der it merely thrown out to. allure,.by.an affectation of liberality. Let us not however seek to be more chari table than our Lord, who has plainly declared that on being offered the truth. " he that believeth not shall be damned." If the Christian creed is true, it is binding under pain of condemnation, and we comfcrt ourselves that it is not the less true for the want of Mr. ?tlorrell's approbation. Ilad he a childlike spirit, the thorns of this Hedge of Catholicism would not affrighthim. But. Reason is like Ephraim, a wayward child, and correction increases his obstinacy. One word in conclusion, as to the tone adopted by the Rationalists' when speaking of religion. Mr. Morrell and many of his co-religionists think it no harm-not in fact at all indecorous, to say that they adopt the doc trine of the Trinity ! Adopt ?-Is this the language of a poor insignificant worm, which the Great God might annihilate in a moment ? Adopt the doctrine of the Trinity! As if we had the slightest choice in the matter, or as if the existence of an awful and eternal truth had the slightest dependence on our opinion ? We almost tremble to write the words. They remind us of the presumptuous and blasphemous language of the wretched Jacob Abbot, who has dared to speak of Christ " as having a taste for the beauties of Nature." Such was the reverence of this creature for his Creator-the Eternal Son of God. The audacity of Reason destroys that awe which should like a halo of glory surround everything holy : striving to make such things common as ourselves, instead of being the means of elevating our fallen nature. Men wrangle to shew their talent, but the question of Sacred Truth is utterly disregarded. It is useless and painful to pursue the question-two in stances will be amply sufficient. Religion is no longer a holy deposit, but the subject of argument, personality, and bitterness. Our first 'example shall be the Rev. Carus Wilson. This Evangelical Episcopalian Divine thus temperately announces his opinion :-" Sentiments have for some time been maintained and preached, which plainly lay the foundation of any Popish superstition that men can wish to establish- Baptismal Regeneration is one."-Eng. Churchman, No. 205. How long will this mild reasoner be before he reaches the lowest stage of Rationalism, and proclaims with the Protestants of Geneva, that the Divinity of our blessed Lord is also "a Popish superstition," and that they who choose to believe it-(they are the very words of the Ecclesiastical Consistory of Geneva)-" ought to go to Rome." Such was the effect of Rationalism " in Calvin's own town," wherein, as the arch-infidel Voltaire proudly boasted:-Christ is blasphemed. As another and final illustration of our position, we can do no more than copy the following extract from the Tablet of June 5, 1847: " We have seen a pamphlet by the Rev. Octavius Piers, Rector of a parish in the diocese of Salisbury, written against the doctrines of Baptismal Regeneration, which this authorised minister of the Church of England called-our painful task compels us to repeat the words-" Satan's last lie." We hope that at least this per son was punished, though we do not see how in fairness and consistency he could be. It is not grossness of language which constitutes heresy, though it certainly appears to aggravate it." 