TO THE RIGHT HON; THE EARL OF ISHRE1 SBURY. St. ?7irlath's, Tuam, Feast of the Chair of St. Peter;'1848. " Non potest sancta synodus non graviter dolere, audiens episco pos aliquos; sui status oblitos, pontificiam dignitatem non leviter dehonestare; qui cum regum. ministris," regulis et Baronibus in ecclesia et extra, indecenti.quodam demisssione se gerunt, et veluti inferiores ministri altaris, nimis indigne non solum'loco cedunt, sed etiam personaliter illis' inserviunt."-THE SACRED CO'NCir oi 'TRENT. - . . ...... . MY LoRD-As commissioners are now of such ordinary occur rence, we 'may be permitted to inquire, in what office of the home or foreign departmenthlas' your;lordship taken:out your high commis sion to encroach on the divine authority of bishops,, and to under take to manage, under the minister who is the object of your disinterested 'eulogy, the concerns. of the Catholic. church in Ire land ? The instrument-of:'this real or fancied commission has been probably 'conveyed through some of those functionaries who have been recently informing some of the Catholic bishops in this coun try, that by royal or'- viceregal command, a peculiar day had been set apart for fasting' and humiliation, " or for thanksgiving in the Protestant churches.". The object of. the .communication- could not be mistaken. The coincidence of. prayers," and. fast, and. thanks 'giving on the same diiayin the Catholic and Protestant churches, brought about by a mere interference, might impress on the.people of' Irelanid how htrrmoniously: both could :be moved and managed by ?the diame di~xterous political 'hand, ' without. 'any tedious. or cir cuitotiusreference' tb Romi'n:-It is true;.the communications signified 'itw'as; iiiot the inteiitiori0 of:th'e'liceroy of tlhe day to interfere with' ttii:e diicipline of the'Catholib Church.: No-coercive interference co~ld never be thought of'during a conciliatory correspondence for a merei experiment of the effects'of this novel. political action. on its 'liturgy;. It was.only a kin'd:dnvitation to the exercise of a sponta "neous concord, foi-'the"tinm'did not yet arrive when further remon "strances against such encroachments would be tardy and-in. vain ; 'uiid' when the minister's biief:.and despotic rebuke of " ani'ntentidon tieviolate the law". would'conrince the astonished hearers, who in an-evil hour, tr usted to wily'-diplomacy, that'they had irrevocably surrendered 'the liberties of the; church. Whether.:these circulars were intended to be in any:of.the'churches, .your lordship cannot but kinow from your peculiar' solicitude for ethe Irish hierarchy, as well as from your peculiar sources of right and wrong information. As for my part, I must plead guilty 'to an utter inattention to the communication regarding:the day for fasting and prayers in the Protestant Churches. : I have had the bad taste to be as insensible to the benefits of this ministerial manifesto, pointing out to the Catholic bishops the course of their spiritual duties, as I have been to some of the other blessirigs to which your lordship has alluded, and as'! shall ever remain to your or any other unauthorised and pre sumptuous dictation : it is no doubt to the want of my due appreciation of your lordship's most extraordinary correspondence. It affords fresh proofs, if proofs were wanting, of the fallacy of the Catholics of Ireland trusting to Catholics in office, or connected with those in office, as a protection for their religion-it is generally the reverse. Experience now proves that they are systematically employed, to enable our enemies to make gradual aggresions on our faith and discipline, which, without their aid, would not have been attempted. In such appointments of " discreet Catholics" to office there is a mixture of small, precarious good, with a vast amount-of -certain injury; the precarious good enjoyed alone by. the occupants of place, and the injury spread throughout the entire Catholic commu; nity. There has not been a recent law, however noxious, down to that of the infidel colleges, of which discreet Catholics have not been sharers in its enactment, and of the execution of which they have not been active instrun.ents. That the spirit of your lordship's eccentric letter, which some future collector of canons -'ill' surely rank amongst the most ex. travagant of the. "Extravantes" of lay pretension, issued from one of those offices to which I have alluded-I have reason to judge. Without some such official inspiration as I have adverted to, it would be impossible to account for 'the' humiliatirig circuim stances of the Catiolic peeie'-of. England lending themselves, some, I hope, unconsciously, to the foul conspiracy against the lives of the Catholic people and the character of the Catholic hierarchy. To Lord Arundel, whose letter I should deem officious, were it not characterised by a courtesy and Christian feeling, the best evidence of a candid mind which sought for information, though ihis own experience should have taught him of what English bigotry and cruelty were capable, even towards English Catholics, I returned an answer which I regret not - reciprocating the respectful tone of the noble writer. His letter-breathed none of that slavish and un Christian insolence for which the effusions of some of his brother peers are so remarkable, revealing at once the assiduous suitors of ministerial favours, as well as the fastidious dispensers of a subordi nate patronage, who, for the taunts and humiliations encountered in the pursuit of the one, take care to idemnify themselves by an 'equivalent exaction of revolting servitude in the distribution of the other. Had such wayward and extravagant caprices, fondled by long habit into an imaginary right of patronising the Catholic Church, been confined to the ordinary sphere of their operations, they should escape from us all notice and animadversion ; but when we find a'Catholic peer come forward and deliberately:assert of.an entire national church, to which the country is so deeply bdholden, " that sheis a conniver at injustice, an accessory-to crime, a.pesti 'lent sore on the commonwealth.' resting this scandalous assertion on calumnies which not only have not been provedbut have been fully refuted, and making at the same time the most solemn'asseve 'ration that he is. nimated -" solely by a sincere zeal for th6;hbnour of the episcopacy," we are "naturally reminded of .the' sincerity:of Herod's homage to. our Divine Redeemer, who sought for an. oppor tunity to destroy his victim. in the same hypocritical -professions of "reverence under which'his deadly-purpose was concealed. - SWhilst our people are falling arqund us- the victims of 'famine, and 'their cries going forth to disturb., -beyond the- channel;;the sensual slumbers of, many who 'issue their edicts for the demolition of the cottages of the poor, it were-natiral to expect sympathy from those who affect to number themselves.among the representatives.of 'the mercies'of the Church, and-the inheritors of its ancient chivalry. Yes, each recurring day presents scenes of suffering as harrowing as any historian could have told, nay, as any that have-been re ?corded even' by the inspired writers. In the course of last week, and within- ashort 'distance'of' the town, I -was sutrrounded'with a 'group of persons. whose misery could' melt the soul even, of an alien calumniator of the Irish priesthood, -if the pride of caste :did:not steel him 'against all appeals to pity., They consisted of near'.twenty persons, old and young, some faltering from hunger -as they, ap proached. others with such miserable shreds of tattered clothes;, that I am convinced they would have died under. the roof,'if roof they had still, rather thani issue with- such a wretched garb to expose themselves to the public gaze; all crying 'out to me for food for that one day's sustenance. and. shrieking with :agony that they were thrown on the world to starve,;'banished for ever from the shelter of their little cottages. This;_my lord, was no fancied tragedy, represented in order to stimulate the-palled votaries f:.the world, and to substitute in the room of =real sufferings, to which 'they were so callous, the scenic excitemen't of fictitious sorrows. 'No, their disnrantled cottages lay before me as monuments. to. attest the truth of their simple and artful story, and the:smouldering scraws of'their broken roof were their only bed during the pre vious night, and the eye of one was so inflamed from the cold and smoke that issued 'from the burning rubbish and faggots, that she is in danger of having lost its use for ever. 'And what 'is the fate- of the Irish priesthood'if they represent those scenes to call for' the charity of the humane or the justice of the legislature ? They are denounced as disturbers of the public peace, who interfere with the sacred rights of property. In vain, in a Christian age, and for a Christian people, do they quote the words of inspiration, " he that taketh away the bread gotten by sweat is like him that killeth his neighbour. He that sheddeth blood and he that defraudeth the labourer of his hire are brothers. He that offereth sacrifice -but' of the goods" of the poor,'is as one that sacrificeth the 'son in presence of the father." If, with the picture of suffering before their eyes, with which th'e clergy are so' familiar, they 'call attention' to 'them, they are immediately' accused of drawing 'high coloured representations of misery for-the-sake of exciting. 'compassion, Why not furnish facts ? They are told 'one fict, with its circumstances of time, place,'and date, is of more value than the most eloquent :geheral 'descriptions, and will niot fail to make' a':deep Impression on the just and generous feelings of Englishmen. I myself have received many letters to this effect, recommending the detail of facts in order:to interest the humanity and justice of the: legislature in behalf 'of Ireland. No sooner, however, have many facts,-'described 'with 'circumstantial details 'whichicould not be contradicted; been; published, than'a loud and 'general clamour has `been excited through England; and the clergy have been stigmatised as guilty of' unchristian denunciations. Perhaps it is in the unexampled patience and 'resignation of the group I have just described, and many such others over in ireland, that your lordship' may find a proof of the iriefficiency of:the Ca tholic hierarchy. From the 'execrable calumnies of the English journals, which your lordships -re-echoes- with such emphatic fidelity,-the 'public would' be apt to infer, that'this diocese abounded with those murders, and atrocities, that have excited such general horror. How do the facts, however, stand ? Of all the murders and outrages; on account of which commissions have been issued and the ordinary course of-the law has been suspended, not a single one has taken place: within this diocese, though of all the dioceses in Ireland, containing at. once the 'most numerous and destitute population. For the truth of this assertion .Irefer to the present commnissions ; and'even the names of the lbcalities over which the late proclamations extend, bear attestations to the genieral tranquillity of this diocese an'd the patient resignation of' its people. '.Not that there have not been some seizures of property-among the rest of cabbage and turnips by starving creatures--and abundance of con victions for such crimes. Nay, so well has the majesty of the law been Vindicated 'during the late sessions in this town, that a-man and a woman. one for the petty larceny of a goose, and the other for the petty larceny of a drake, were both sentenced. as the local journal informs us, to six months imprisonment. This exemption from heavier' crimes is not adduced as any explanation. for your lordship, much less in'the way of invidious contrast with those dioceses that are disturbed, notwithstanding the incessant zeal and preaching of their pastors. No, for should the present distress continue unmitigated, the zeal and- preaching of a St. Paul .could not persuade thousands to lie down and starve : when persons are daily seen, who, from'the instinctive law of self-preservation, shatch what is necessary to sustain them for the moment, confessing that they willingly 'court Incarceration or even banishment, in order that life, so dear to every creature, should be prolonged. No, but I adduce this comparative tranquillity of the diocese of Tuam, to show the animus of the.allied conspirators against the fair fame of the priesthood, when they venture to represent to-you the state of any diocese, as accounting for a melancholy pre- eminence in crime, which exists not however but in your too credulous imagi ·nation, which it is not surprising, if your exquisite sensibility for the good name of the Catholic hierarchy, should have disturbed. What, therefore, is to become of the hordes of the miserable.crea tures, such as I have described, who are traversing the country and beseiging you in the public ways with the clamorous impor tunities of hunger ? They are driven from their homes, to look for an asylum in the workhouses, from the workhouses they are again driven back to their homes, but alas, they have none, and thus exposed to certain death, not unlike the Britons of your own country, driven by the Saxons to the sea, and driven back-again by the sea on the swords of the Saxons. It was well for. those misesable creatures and for many such' over the diocese and pro vince, that the charities of some of the benevolent people of Eng land, as well as of other countries, enabled .me to give some tem porary relief to mitigate their sufferings. This generous charity has not been as you assert, I trust not with a view to check it, re quited with ingratitude. Your lordship could have learned the con trary even from the public documents addressed to our benefactors, and recorded in the public journals, We have not been ungrateful, We corlveyled the expression of. our deep acknowledgemerit to tile good- bishops. of England and. Scotlaid, as well as those of' France and Italy. This noble sympathy manifested from .eveiry region in Ame ica : from Canada to Mexico. and from New York to Wiscoi. sin, has been: acknowledged by us in terms, not such perhaps as their munificence deserved, but in such at least as were compen sated by the warm sincerity of the feelings by which they were dictated. Our obligations.to .the Holy Father for having unlocked in our behalf.the:hearts and treasures of the Christian world, have not been withheld,.and although. we could not express them in ade quate language, his paternal bosom was moved by the gratitude of his'Irish children.. The magnificent contributions sent by the Paris committee .to the provinces of Munster and Connaught, as well as other distressed localities, have not been forgotten, and even within those few days I had the gratification to acknowledge the receipt of more than £500 from the Rhenish provinces. It was a manifestation of sympathy for the poor of Ireland worthy of the ancient fame and modern exertions for religious freedom of the provinces of the Rhine; and we must confess it was a source of great consolation to us to have such an attestation of sympathy for -our; sufferings, from the members of, a church recently illustrated *by the zeal and intrepidity of ',pDrost-the late Archbishop of Cologne-a prelate who in his triiimphant. struggle with secular tyranny, which sought to erect the influence of the world Within the sanctuary, has gained a fame in. the church Worthy of an Athanasius, the immortal patriarch of Alexandria. It is true that on two points there may have been omissions deeply felt by your lordship--the omissions of gratitude to the Govern ment or to the Earl of Shrewsbury. You are too generous to expect "' to reap where you have not sown." Wlierever your bounty has been extended, there,. I am sure, it has been thankfully acknow ledged; and it is not improbable that you have earned a rich har vest of gratitude from some of those public bodies, in Ireland, whose funds have been expended in the work of proselytism. The work of sustenance to children would be laudable, .if the ulterior ibject was not the ruin of their religion. But those who confine. their charity to the children alone, and leave the .aged parents'to starve, have less of Christian charity than they 'would fain endeavour to persuade us. But as you are not selfish, you feel much less the withholding of gratitude from yourself, than from the humane and excellent Go vernment to whose fostering care the poor of Ireland are entrusted. Your lordship seems to have tasted of the philosophy of- Leibnitz : and every successive government, Wljig or Tory, has the good fortune of reaching the pinnacle of political optimism, in your estimation, But " as wiser sons think their fathers fools," some of the rising heirs of the present day may entertain a similar pre sumptuous or uncharitable feeling towards their predecessors; and probably yours. In his improving wisdom, unable to understand the justice of your eulogy on the Prime Minister, may rank him, too, among the unrighteous legislators, who added another heap of the legislative abuses of ages, prudently .reserving. for the ministe rial patron of his own times, the convenient compliment of being the destined political reformer who is to sweep them all away. How ungrateful of the Catholics of I'elaind not to pour forth canticles of gratitude to the ministers who promised that none of them should perish, and then suffer, near a million to starve. But we ought to be consoled by the assurancer that If they have on hands resources to relieve the people when all their local efforts shall be exhausted." They have resources on hands ! Had'they not the same resources on hands during the last season, while the people perished P-for ".the:only resources administered by the new parliament were coercion. What a consolation to the starving villagers I have alre'ady men tioned, who would have been dead .if not yet.relieved, and to the friends of the five, who, according to the coroner's inquest, died of starvation in a parish of this diocese last week, to be told that the. Government had " a .large fund of money in hands," and that they ought to be warmed and filled,"' and grateful for. its being.so well husbanded. Return thanks to those whose continual theme is the" rights of property; as if the rightof.the poor to live were a matter. of mere kindness and condescension ! .Were the people of Ireland. to return them thanks, they would be deemed to feel a horrid joy -in getting rid of. the thousands of their deceased relatives-and no wonder-if those 'relatives. would rise up and,reproach tham ; and should the living offer them their thanks for letting their relatives. starve, it would be exposing the survivors' to a similar fate this year, or perhaps the- ministry to the imputation which .every good Christian should deprecate, of their being soothed by, the incense ascending from the repetition of similar hecatombs. The reality, so far from the want of gratitude to our benefactors being.our crime, we are deemed rather to have sinned from being too piofuse to its manifestation. The clergy see their flocks fall around ;them the victims of famine asd of cruelty; they publish their sufferings to the world, as they shall fearlessly continue to so, notwithstanding all lordly interdicts to the contrary, and they invoke the shield of-humanity and justice in their behalf. Their appeals are deemed importunate; their publication of the general Smisery and of the heart-rending evictions of the small tenantry,. are considered -inconvenient ; and, like the prophet.of old, they are stigmatised by an allied band of corrupt courtiers and apostate mercenaries, as the sf troublers of Israel." .The poor outcasts of Ireland might, it is said, die in' silence and obscurity, were it not for the'unseasonable notoriety given to this cruelty by those.indis creet- pastors ; for, according to the. maxims of modern morality of English and Scotch, nay of Irish utilitarians, too, crime is not in the commission of cruelty, but in its publication. Yet. the pas tors of the church, recollecting the words " woe to me because I was, silent," shall not be silent on public crimes; and despite of the non-conducting medium of ministers, shall convey to, their beloved Sovereign, who reigns in their afflrections, the cries and anifferings of Her periishing people. The glory of the British empire would, forsooth, be tarnished by the truth of so many of its subjects being mendicants on the charity of tile universe, or dying of starvation. The facts then of destitution and of deat$ must be stubbornly and pertinaciously denied; the assertors of those inconvenient truths of famine must be stigmatised and held up to execration as the abettors of all those attrocities which it brings in its train, and the clergy must be thus silenced by the imputation of a constructive crime, in order to deter them from the performance of the duty of sustaining their suftring flocks, re minding me of the brutality of the Roman tyrant of old, who despaired of succeeding in his wicked project, until he had threat ened not only to destroy his victim, but to write on her monument the calumnious epitrph of infamy. SThe reader has, no doubt, already learned to appreciate the value \- of your hypocritical pity for the condition of this diocess and its peculiar spiritual destitution. Even should there be spiritual desti tution-for there were but few of the angels of the apostolic churches whose works were found perfect-we shall never invite the assistance of wolves to protect tihe lambs, regardless of a cer tain class of peripatetic intriguers, who poison the ears of all whom they approach with the breath of their slanders, and who have no hope to reach honors, for which Nature never qualified them, but by rising on the prostration of their country and the ruin of their religion. As one proof of its spiritual'destitutioii,'the " repeal rent"'-is paid throughout the diocese to forwerd the measure of the repeal of the legislative union : Yes, and your lordship's surprise, but echoing the affected surprise of our enemies, will only strengthen our determination. Poor as we ae 'now, as your lordship stpposes,' in' respect to'-schools'anrd chapels, we were' far poorer and more destitute when we supported.: by similar pecuniary sacrifices,. the Catholic Association.- Did your lordship or your fellow peers, now. so much scandalised at the right of citizens claimed after the example of St.. Paul by the priests of Ireland, then launch any' indignant phillipics against 'their so-called political interference? O,. no? so long as the Catholic peers of -England -dead to society, from the lowest offices of which they- were excluded-slept,.like the enchanted knights of old, in the keeps of. their baronial castles, bristling with the penal terrors which kept aloof the approach, nay, the very-hlope, of liberty-a slumber in' which :they would have still lain without much loss to society, had it.not been'for O'Connell and the Catholic priests and people of Ireland- iweFdo not find.that there was uttered any complaint from any-.quartr. agailst tunt sacred'influence that marshalled the men in this peacef~id?l''Lt moral warfare, until the mighty chief routed the dragons of grim enactments- that wera keeping ward around their mansions, and the.clangor of emanci-' pation, awakened them once more to freedom, and.to life. Who could have imagined that it would have bien since the chief labour of some of those lords to propitiate the inveterate bigots, whose joy at their bondage could only be equalled 'by their rage at their libera tion; and not only to forget the former sharers in their sufferings, but, worse than the companion of Joseph, who only forgot his captivity, they labour to, forge new and more galling fetters for those who had mainly contributed in shaking off their own. But peers have certain privileges, among which, io 'doubt, in gratitude is to be numbered. In' this very ingratitude, by which they are treated by those from whom they had a right to expect aid,; the Catholic alergy find fresh evidence to justify them in the course they have adopted. The people and the priests contribute their mite to the association out of their: "'poverty:," I will admit, and not out of, their abundance. This very sacrifice proves their abhorrence of that mendicancy with which they are reproached by their oppressors as'a'national vice, and their unconquerable determination, whilst they are as loyal as apy portion of' her Majesty's subjects, to be equally as free. Like the husbandman who sows in spring to reap in harvest, they give their little offering now to obtain that sound legislation which, will secure tihe: fruits of industry, and avert the recurrence of those fearful famines. that idesolate the.land, which, not scarcity alone, .but. bad laws have brought on, and, which those cruel and unequal laws are terribly aggravating. .... As the destitution, the disorders, and tile.crimes that afflict the country spring from those. bad= laws, as sure as: a troubled stream from-a bad- fountain, what more -laudable. in th?e .pastors- of. the people than to.labour peaceably for: haying sutbstituted in their place a system of wise and .benevolent, legislation P? As.another source of " spiritual destitution." is.the want of national schools, perhaps: your lordship might inform the .public,. whether from any recent alliance with the National-Board,-yrour sympathies have any kindred leaning to that body. If.,so,.will your,..prdship report-l kewise of the Protestant Catechism, that is surreptitiously-.taught to Catholic children.in some of those few national schools that, are forced on the ordinary-of the diocese, even by Catholic commissioners, in de fiance -of the rights of episcopal authority,' nay, of the .supreme authority.of the Pope P, - Is:your lqrdphip aware .that-it wastlhp in .struction of his Holiness that the property of the national schools resorted to chiefly by Catholics, should be :vested lird ,the Catholic. pastors, and that in opposition ta.tliat admonition, every ;act, has Lben .employed; to-induce the present .patrons .to resign theira lases and ,vest the property of. the. school in .this,dictatorial body.i.under the pretence of. keeping them in repair,.as if-they: could not be kept in repair under their present tr.ustees.and patrons ?,.. Is your..lord= ship aware that some of the anti-Catholic members of, this commis- -sion have been,.under the guise of- addressing: the members of.their own persuasion, distilling the poison of their heretical doctrines into -the ears of the.Catholic teachers, on the.,most.solemn subject of the sources of inspiration, and- the different. channels.'by. whici' it ist .conveyed P As your oracle. may have some pretensions to theology, perhaps you would explain in what;these heretical discourses differ from heretical preaching, or how, can Catholics, be justified in lis tening to preachers on such a platform, when into heretical churches and conventicles they,are forbidden to enter ? - The infidel colleges. were peculiar favourites of those commissioners, particularly of ones of them. called.tthe Rev. ;Shouldam Henry, the .drift of whose last 'reported sermon before the Catholic. teachers seemed to.he.entirely' pointed against the Pope. for his condemnation of-an harmonic system,. which, according to the commissioner, would restore.social. concord in Ireland! From the excess of- the; Rev..Shouldam Henry's love for those colleagues, and the hope of social .uhion into which all Christian sects were to be attuned by their sacred influence, I should not be surprised, if he mingled with his oration to the assembled teachers tears of pity for their fall. 'And 'it will no doubt be a consolation to the Calvinistic followers of John Knox, who taught more of the doctrine of '" necessity" 'regarding free will than the calumniated priests of Ireland, to find the tears of Lord Shrewsbury, on the condemnation of, the godless collegess, falling' in such sympathy with their own. . As for the next calumny, of not ".creating any suiistiiute," I feel much obliged to the able and eloquent editor, of the,`.Tablet, who has spared me on that point the necessity of anyv. lengthenedi indi cation. It is true I had not the funds.of the treasury,io.slfare, to command Catholic schools and.monastic institutions, -to.sliirng up with the celerity of magic. Were I to enumerate the 'monastic as well as other schools that are spread t' hroughliout the diocese, and the number of children that frequent them, I should fear that, with, more reason than the Apostle, I should incur the reproach of"Tbeiig foolish, appearing to claim fruits that are found in abundande in this vineyard that are not. mine, but tli'f fruits of that aibi~ndant grace by which the seeds weire planted, 'and the diligent hands by which they were reared.. -The nunmerous children that are 'educated; and clothed, and fed at the Convents of 'Mercy and the Presentation of Tuam, would, had they seen your lordship's letter, adjure you not to continue an alliance with the enemies of the faith that calum niato those nurseries of piety and learning. And the people of other towns and other districts would not fail to tell your lordship, that if they too have not the advantage of conventual institutions to rear and educate their children in virtue; it is owing to the cruel and unrelenting laws that regulate property in Ireland, where there is no legal measure to oblige bigots to relax their hereditary hatred to Catholicity, or compel them to give an acre of land as an asylum to gather under the wings of the Catholic Church, and the tutelage' of those who may be called angels of mercy, the children of the numerous tenants whom they have banished from their homes, and who sometimes become the victims, first of the profligacy of enlightened and educated oppressors, and ultimately of starvation, With the interesting details of our monasteries I shall not detain long the public attention. To free this diocese from your reproach I could produce the testimonies of bishops, both in England and America, who have been kind enough to thank us for the benefits which they derived from the teachers sent from our monasteries. It is'not; then- for excluding the system of national education-ane that we are condemned by your lordship, but for. the greater er'ie of .-supplying and preoccupying its place with 'those sior?inti'c schools-" those cheap defences, not only of" nations,; but of- eli gion;Wlhich will eventually fill up the vacant spot. to be cultivated by those wlio.'will form the young minds to habits of piety and virtue. ýI am well-aware that monks and monasterice are not grate fulalnames to some of the English aristocracy. Destroyers of all 'kinds'are said to be haunted by the ghosts of their victims. I am 'noti:.rprised. then, that the heirs of those monastic spoils. should also biii"some degree the inheritors of that remorse which must have'pursued and agitated their first plunderers, and that tliey could.not:well endure the sight of a monk or the name of an abbey, which - must be changed into a more secular denomination,' lest the ,very":name should remind them of their ancestral sacrileges, as well as the descending duty of their expiation. Ydu have also introduced the subject of temperance, no doubt for the purpose of still diverting attention from the all-absorbing subject of the starvation of the people. Allow me to remind 'your lordship that temperance is no new discovery in the Catholic "church, nor is the duty of enforcing it beyond the. jurisdiction of the ordinary legitimate pastors. No --the justice and huma nity, which they should not cease to inculcate, the pastors should also inculcate the virtue of temperance; and though your lord ship appears indignant that we should claim a right of denouncing "aggression on the rights and injustice and humanity from what 'ever quarter they-emanate," we shall not cease to denounce crimes against temperance too, proclaiming to both classes, iu the language of St. Paul, that " neither drunkards nor extortioners shall enter the kingdom of God." The intemperance of the people of Ireland. allow me to tell your lordship, has been the consequence, more than the cause of their social depression, and seeing but little hope of bettering their condition, under the sanguinary influence of a' code which denied their very existence, they often sought a delusive solace in excitement, to awaken, alas !. but to a couselousness of 'greater misery. Yel even in the worst of times, it was not greater in amount, (though the comparison furnishes no apology) than that of England or of Scotland ; but as the stronger are always in the right, the intemperance of the Irish was brought out into mole invidious relief, like the horrid murders recently committed, whilst crimes more numerous and more attrocious, even against the fifth commandment-the sixth is out of the question-are more noise lessly committed in the bosom of London society.-It is a grcss calumny, then, that we have ever discouraged the sacred cause, of temperance, because we claimed, as we should always do, the right of regulating the means best calculated to giva fixity and perma nence to the dominion of this noble virtue.-We have and shall ever enccurage it not enly as a divine virtue, but as the harbinger of industry . and freedom. Whatever of extraordinary vitality there was in the unusual development of this virtue, was entirely derived from. the faith and religious reverence of the Catholic people ; and if that vitality should be perceived to decay, it is only as generally happens to religion, because it has felt the withering and disastrous influence of official patronage. But our diocese is not only destitute of " schools but'of chapels" -=another 'proof of our spiritual destitution.. And 'were the state ment as' true as it is calumnious, is it a.Catholic "peer of England 'that should reproach us with the effect of the persecution which his own country has inflicted? Dioclesian himself never reproached the Catholics with the fewness or the squalidness of their temples, knowing well that if -they were -doomed io :worship; in' the cata c'ombs, or under the cannopy of heaven, the-alternative; was one of necessity, and not of- choice. When you reproach us with want-of chapels, does your lordship forget by whom our chapels were seized their ornaments. plundered, and the golden goblets of odu sanictua ries profaned amidst the drunken orgies of another Balthazar ?— If your 'inquiries were. more under the: influence -of justice,- and "less of prejudice,:you might have learned that in .tlis diocese of Tuam there are at this, moment between. ninety a~d a liuritred slated chapels of, comparative recent' erection-sont' finder my zealous and indefatigable predecessors, and others. since,: rapidly "carried 'on-by the zeal and sacrifices of a generous:. people and clergy. -"True; they are not architectural bijous. They have been erected with, a view to capacity and convenience, more than to beauty. Still they are, through the ministry of an efficient clergy temples' where "glory to God on high 'and 'peace to:men- of'-good will" are powerfully inculcated. 'The priests,,it is true,.are apt the paid "pensioners of. the lordly patron, who;can dismiss' thm. at his pleasure-unless, like the fastidious hearers of I'saias,".'?e pro. phecy 'unto them pleasing- thin'gs." The' humble flocks 'have no "'cushions' under their elbows," and should the. priests reprove them, they are not taught to rebuke their pastors by saying ".behold not for us the things that are right," or threaten the. divine mi nister, should he persevere, with their powerful vengeance. Our fldcks?eiter 'their chapels to humble' themselves, and' not like the proud:and 'impious Pharisee, wearing broad-phylacteries to -trum pet forththeir own.virtues, to compare their. own excellence with .the defects .of, others ;;'aid much less are they in the habit of depre ciating the .virtue and. the 'station' of-those' Whom' the 'Almighty commandedltheini to reverence and obey. ` No,-my lord, our-people 'ratlier humble themselves 'with, :the Publican;?- They go -fortli from the house of God prepared to carry with. patience the burthen of suffering and fasting through the desert of the week, not unlike their:patient type in .the wilderness, refreshed on the Sabbath by the living waters that sustain them. It is the' pastors" preaching in those chapels that sustain 'society ; and allow' me to tell you that if the Catholic pastors were capable of exciting the people to out 'rage as you were not ashamed to assert-nay, if they. were only to .desist from the zealous prosecution of their duties, and leave the people to, their own 'instinctive comments on the" laws of property and self-preservation, all the British force could-not, in my opinion, keep the frame of society together. You ask what has religion done, since it was not successful in.checking every crime P. Were you to:try your eloquence on the English people labouring under such privations, I fear they would not listen to your lectures'; nay, 'if history can furnish us with an analogy, the homilies of the pro 'phetic Saul would be as lost on his impatient and mutinous audi tory, as was the interdict of Canute to the rolling tide, not to approach the chair on which he was seated. Hence, too, it is not difficult to see througlh' the thih dis'guise of your pretended compassion for our privations, the spirit bytwhich you are animated. Does your lordship mean that we should hand over to the minister the c. ntroul and patronage 6f'otir lihurch P " As long as the Catholic cliurch in Ireland remains 'rinli"r. present state of undue popular subserviency, she cannot fairly:and properly work the accomplishment of her destinies." This sentence will no doubt ahlbrd a clue to guidle the reader, as he wonders at your invective against the Catholic liierarchy, and your pity for our spiritual destitution i Yet'it was'in the state of this " popular subserviency" wh:ch' you affect to deplore,.the Irish church in a brief period erected the hur.'lred churches inithis diocese, with our magnificent cathedral at their head, as well as the number less churches, schools. colleges, convents, and monasteries that now cover the face of Ireland. Does your lordship come, like the seducer, to insinuate that for a small bribe from the treasury to build a few chiirciihes tlia mayyet bie -wanted; or put others in repair, we should :surrender our;free churcies, the works of our own hands, and the imonuimentsof .the, piety of a noble people, into the hands of.,the ":.c'nriissioneirsof,,bequests-a measure -that. has done much to,d~ry up ir. charities.--or any. other parliamentary commissioners, in or'der,to enabhle. them ,' to enter into the,labours of others P!r'.; The Conmmissioners of..Education' generally. take credit to themselves.for .all thp schools connected with them, though. some the opeople;havp erectedl at their :.oin exclusive expense,: and to- all they,contribtyte a share ;and thus '.you would by some insidious patronage, rob.the priest and, the people of Ireland of their control within their churches as well as the :merit at. their exertion. , This I suppose ', would be. setting the Irish chrch properly to work.to achieve her high des . tiny,'. Yes, persuade the Irish hierarchy to resign their churches, as- it was sought regirding our colleges, into the hands of.minis terial commissioners, and then will our. church be in her full career of. accomplishing- the. high, destiny.. which. .her.enemis are sighing for. Then we should have. such magnificent specimens of.. the taste and piety of these commissioners,,as we have already from the .Com nissioners of Poor Laws, in deeming 'the filthy eating halls of the workhouses. sufficiently becoming ,the oblation of the august sacrifice of the mass Would it not, you may add, my lord; be a great step towards harmony, a most laudable exercise of economy, and , ,great relief to:'the financail embarrassments of .your, favourite minister,:if such commissioners insisted on?one common church being erected i a partisis for.'relitein g ts physical antd.spiritual destituti?n?s; h ;here the ministers o60ttliher, t ain.,? 'lvin could come after the Catholic priest, as -in som.s parts of Germany, and nherie the Catholies,'no dl uit, miglht loiter tgo lear,,by way .of, vartiety, ,tho :eaching of the othu rs . But ylut,muist be sure that the co?mmissioners never forget to place the desk of. Lis parson over? the altar, as is deone-already, in some of oifr prisons, n .order tinspire ?}le spectators,withva be coming rever.nce for Protestant ascendancy. To cap theg climax of the '" destiny" in store for the Irish clihurc,tiliey must not forget to pofnt.out to these ministers, or servants, the'course of their instruc-. tions.from which all. ipolemical allusion, must lbe carefully exclu led.' Selections from the Bible must be sethc.fqre the preaelierss- the Book of.Job for the poor, aed any :contumacious preaclher that should quote from Isaias or ,Jeremias, or the other prophets, any words against wealthy and cruel oppressors, should be treated like tle. poor. good gentleman-I think the: Rev. Mr.,Adams-wlio lately insisted on his right of protesting against te 'confirmition of.the Bishop of Hereford, resting his claims, simpleton as lie was, on the letter of the law, but who was overruled by the more orthodox interpretation. and 'sterner authority. of the commissioners.. Are'these the great. destinies which 'the lirish church is to aclhieve when " freed from dependance on their flocks and from :popular subserviency P" If' so, it is, I trust, a disastrous destiny which. the Catholics of Ireland should,never contemplate. This would be a fate which' reminds me of. the words of St. Hilary, the Bishop of.Poictiers, to Constantius, -.!" You hate the preachers of Jesus Christ- you build the walls of our clihrches, in order to defile their' worship-you ask 'tlhe benedic tion of our bishops, in- order -to triample on their. faith, and' youi in vite those bishops to your feasts, in order that rising from the table they may go. like Judas to betray their divine 'naster." ' Is'this the glorious vision which presents itself" to your prophetic view-the coils of ministerial: patronage. gently and successively drawn around the'church until she should, perish in.the deadly em brace. Why not then,i'atonice, avow tlis project, and reveal to the world the deep :tschemes.of diplomacy now .at work 'at' home aihd abroad.to ens lave her P,: ' Has -there: been; any. recent-attempt to ex tort frdom'Rlome, ever.watchful against fraud, as.she.is firm. against 'persecution,'the 'delegation of, a portion of her authority, to any lay envoy of; your: lordship's 'acquaintance, in order that the discipline, and next the doctrine, of, thoeCatholic" Church, as well as the repu tatioriof the Irish liierarchy, shouldbe. p!ayed at hazard insporme of your,London salonns,? nd.lik'..the ballsof a billiard table, flung to and lro amidst' the'unprincipled circle of political gamblers P- Some of. the parishes in Ireland have only,the spi itual aid of. per haps Od?ly one young priest 'just turned out of, college !'" In what political training, school .does your lor dship mean-that those young priests "just turned out of college' : should be formed 'for "the mis sion P. ,Maynoothl ..Ahl,, May nioothl, I perceive is still felt to be a failure. N' otwsitlsiianding the hopes entertained from its recent en dowrment--out of English money to be sure- andthe annual labor of tlh 'Duke of Leinstdr andl the reformed visitofs to.exalt; expand, or refpe the notions of the,student by an insight 'into the mys teries of riangel wurzel and bullock feeding, as well-as the. fusion of various. metals into one,. to signify .how the .distinction of :creeds may be'conifounded by similar amalgamationis,. Maynooth: is still and will continue like'an old'monastery, where. the studentsare. pe culiarly addicted to the study of. logi and theology, and where the love of our country cannot be troddeni out. Why not at once re form these, abuses and trace to oldt.Dens as their genuine source all the iniquities of the confessional,: and all -the.denunciations:.of.the. altar ! You must look to the rising, generation of ecclesiastics. Let the old priests, like the old people thiough the country, die away or live as well as they.can,- but you:, must:take specialeare of; the young ones. As they:have proved ungrateful for. recent kind-' niess, draft away at once those incorrigible Celts to Saxon-land, im? perialize the priesthood, and consolidate our colleges like the excise or the Custom House; place them at once in London under a board of commissioners and teachers of every, colour and form of:faith, from Beaumont to Brougham, so recently immortalised: in the epigrammatic delineations of the eloquent apostolical adniinistrator of,. Derry ; who, without any. compromise of their opinions, for pro bably, they ,d) not know them, will give the Irish pupils the. benefit of them all ; let them ascend. the graduated scale of every heresy, the vital air of faith become attenuated as they rise, until they reach the utter void of absolute unbelief.; let the fashionable levity of their carriage correspond, with the. graceful evolutions of their creed : and let their language-a perfevt type of their. mongrel faith and their mongrel morals- be a mixture of Irish brogue and English cockney,. bringing: on .them the ridicule .of,.the one country they are taughlt..to admire as well as the scorn.of the other'. which they are trained to.disown ;. and vwhn. they: shall have thus become 'accom plished gentlemen, by taking from them all. heart, all soul- and-all alfe?ction of. their country airid their:creed, send them back again, a pensioned, conceited, and .unfeeling, priesthood, to wear atevery levee the'livery;ofy their servitude and-.their hire, and to rival the idols of the establisment in casting salt on the sores of a suffering icople,, and pouring:.i,, iors. the heads'of;their'opp'ressors; and, the!n may you.:ail t!lheadvent. ofSIrelandas religious .and political regeneration ! Should' the pholeob? tlhist couttfity'i'wltness'ithie consimmatioii of these "'great dlestinies," -'tl iindid,'"nriight' your lordship,"kith some'"' hope :of ,uci:es.~ t 'qIiia' if6 thie': bishope (to, :uise your own language)' to :' stally-foYth" a~toing' th riiwih -pastoral staff, dis-' pensing malediction and anathema. The bishops aiid clergy of Ireland -hall.,iot:cealse to&',etiiufi'ci trimes'. i-every shape, and par .ticularlyi thosb of.it itdei 'WhlIlibther einirmitted by the lowly orthe lofty,'warnirig thieTphirpiirfdfiPsW^" thiitthiRvoiedof the'bloodi poured out like water on the land, shall ever cry out for vengeance to , heavene, 'as they? : .if iwcessiitifdii ri Tl"ei' williat the same . "?';'u:?r:F?:??ta''< "",y-' r'.? "? ', !";''i::· ... " '"" " time, strive to make the p-poir resignieihy tellig thiem, " itis nn thankworthy,' if for, consciece towards.God, a man. endure sorrows and.sufferig .wrongfully, because Christ also suffered for. us.". But they will not accompany you in your projected sally, dealing male dictions"iand anathemas amoibng 'the prostrate'poor,'mindful of the divine source from which they have derived their-mission, as well as the;caqgn,of-the Council of. Trent forbidding ,them to yield to thiose titled seculars wvlh would presume to dictate to them, tho line of their iluties'-- :ii men, " desiring'to'be teachers of thle law, tinderstainding riot the thingstlhey say, nor. whereof they affirm." : i:'N6/,they.leaVe these eccentric sallies to those Quixotic adventurers who; ,0re.faithfuh to the .degeneracy than the ancient hlonours of their house, go about ..with mimic sword and counterfeit courage, tritiis to cliiilry, save its feculence and its folly; and to be in bverything' like their great prototypeiinake a furious onslaught on theldefenceless- flocks.that are wandering through the valleys 'and ,nmountains of Ireland..mistaking " them, as.well as their inoffensive. shepherds, for mailed kinights, reidy to do battle, forgotten of their feiilty to their" sovereign. I Itil ucli"' a'ild expedition, you must be conterit:to go alone, withou',' the bishops of Ireland' doing you *homage'or,,service.: -.Yes. wljlst, the hereditary-enemies of. Ireland are dragging the old'Juggernaut through the laud, the people must he made feel, irtiadditidn:'tb'tli4t'oithei pangs, that of all the animals joined to the 'car, there are :none whose tread is heavier, or whose necks are tosged higher in the march, than those of Catholic blood, as if they were proud of the degrading yoke, and panting to crush the humhle followers of their own creed under this machine of alien iand unchristian ascendancy. Allow me to tell you that you entirely mistake the merciful symbol of the pastoral staff, as well as" themys-. tical signification of the mitre. -The latter is not generally worn on such '! sallies" as you mention. It is an emblem of protection to the iittle ones rather than of fear ;" and there is no good pastor who would not gladly imitate towards. his poor and sulfering flock the fatherly affection cf the ancient-hero, who laid aside for a time the waving, helmet that had terrified his child, in order to embrace him in his arms. The staff, too, is for winning back, for sustaining the weary, and sometimes, but seldom, thank God, is there any snuci necessity, for correcting proud and incorrigible delinquents. .It is on those great occasions when the sanctuary is invaded, when justice, and humanity, and mercy, are, trampled on- when "the flock is doomed to' slaughter, and the dignity of the pontiffs either insulted or attempted to be seized 'by profane and sacrilegious' handsithat religidn displays itself in all its majesty. I have heard of St.,John Chrysostom denouncing, with staff and crozier, the sacri leges of the circus, and the unfeeling profligacy of the nobles of the Imperial 'City. ' But you .do nodt relish any ample references 'to thoseholy fathers.'"No matter ; it may' be:well for your lordship and biother, peers to getout of. the murky medium of London and breathe the purer atmosphere of those ancient times. I have heard of St. Ambrose denotniicing with staff and mitre, the master of the Roman World,'tlie'great Theodfdsius,' for' the murder of the citizens of :Thesolonica, arnd! forbidhim :to ,defile thetsanctuary' by his'pre sence until he had atonedr for his. deeds of blood.. I have heard of St. Patrick. who 'with' staffand mitre, denounced the cruelties of a Co rbtiius 'i' Beitish 'prlnce, ':Who- made an onslaught on his flock, and. thieatened the tyyrantt- pardon, the uncourtly epithet, it is not mine -with the vengence-of heaven. _: Nay, his zeal rose to an unusual height of indignation,. 'when he found this cruel tyrant aggravat 'iig':hi'cruelty- with' insult?hid t ireated the Irish (it seems the practice'is not novel)'as'if they..were not worthy to be treated like the Christians of Britain; You .hra~e rst heard of a St. Iiiliary de-. nouncing Constantine'for his hypocritical attention to. the bishops, with 'a `view off sriatii~rg by fraid'the 'faith which his predecessors cuiild ribnt'6dtid?aebyviolence;: I' hiave heard of a St. Leo,: with mitre onrtieatlend: staff' in harnj,,,checking. the i march of the chief of 'the Huns,.. and ; Jhreatening him with the vengence of- heaven' shoull he! iot lhalt'in his fiery career.' We are told by that delight ful'writeri;tlie tithorof the' "'Mores 'Catholici," who has collected, like:a'truly pious :pilgrim'.'the fragrance of-ancient times, whose words .I should. peculiarly recommend to the English .aristocracy and Irish too. that there was at Troyes, a tower representing in a piece of sculpture,' Loup, its sainted bishop, with mitre on head and-staff in hand, staying the march :of the same wrathful Attila. In fine, I have: heard of 'a St. Laurence, the Archbishop of Dub lin, denouncing, like another John the Baptist, the adulterous connection of Morochad, who, to protect himself in his' crimes, allied himself with those' alien robbers, who let loose a brood of exotic vices on the land. And like the great and holy Pontiff Gregory the Seventh, Laurence, because he loved justice, died in exile. Yet, in all ;their denunciations, they. wielded only their spiritual arms,' and like tie Irish calumniated clergy, calming and soothinig the spirits :doftheir stfferinig flocks to resignation, Whilst they failed not to denounce against crime the vengeance of the Almiglity" ar '; !.:; . That the saime hly and intrepid spirit is not yet extinct, we per cive il ithe life and writings of some of the greatest bishops of the age, such as the Archbishop of Marseilles, Cardinal Boland, the tillustibous Archbishop of Lyons, who 'refer to those great occasions wheni the pstors of the church must assert the dignity of the sane.. tuary, This undoubtedly is such a'one, and you, my Lord of Slihewsbury, without cause or provocation, have grossly insulted and cialumniated the Catholic hierarchy of Ireland. You have lis tened to the slanders of its enemies, and you, who are so sensitive to imaginary denunciations, have not scrupled to denounce by name, a?id to hold up to the execration of the world two of its dignitaries as'if they were convicted culprits; and yet, though I have waited long, I have waited in vain for any proof of sorrow for such delin quency. You have filled the Catholics of Ireland, nay, of Europe and the world, with grief by yodr calumnies on the church of Ire land,and its enemies with joy. I say of Europe and the world, for to pass over now to its ancient titles to gratitude-which, thank God, are not unacknowledged-Ireland commands at this moment thie sympathy and admiration f the Chrilstian' world :"for its few but lamentable crimes abnd 'its'?bre"numerous imputed ones are ascribed to their proper cause. How different your conduct from that of an illustrious peer of Franr'ce-the one labouring to enslave, the other to emancipate, thie Catholic Church-the one to check and taint education, by taking away thie legitimate controul of its pastors, the other to diffuse and purify it, by restoring the legitimate juris diction of its hierarchy; the one, in fine, as if hlie wished to court the " glhastly smiles" of some of thIe Protestant peers of England, by trampling on thIe clergy-whilst Count Montalembert glories in tlheir vindication, and converts thie tribune of tihe peer into the chair of thie bishop, making thie infidel peers of France to blench before thIe majesty of Catholic eloquence. You have scandalised this great nobleman by your attacks on tihe Irish church, which I know he reveres. You will have grieved and acandalised the bishops of America, many of whom can'boast, with the psalmists, that " they have derived tlheir root among an ho nourable people." Your lordship should not forget thIe great Bishop of New York, iinvited'to preach by the Congress of America, del-. vering lectures on legislation, ivorthy alorie of the.divine source froim which lie drew them;' rebuking' by'his robld commentary on, the jealousy of the apostles while they were yet worldly, t!he inorql • ' " ' ,· i .-:. ,' ·:,'+ ··.;:~'. '? -. ': "- .: " : ' ?.\ . -I Hate lust of power and of property. which is the curse of modern legislation ; and which can. 'never be corrected but by the principle of .looking for true greatness, not in wealth or worldly domination, but in striving to be the' lowliest of-all. You will have grieved him and many more of the American church; together with their numerous fleicks and clergy, and among the rest the Kenricks -the brother bishops:of'Str 'Louis' and Phila delphia- twin stars:,wlio with many other'shinihg lilhts, that arose from our land. now adorn the great westernl-hemisphere.' `And you will have scandallised the East, too, where Irishmen are =labouring to roll back the tide of Catholicity -so long receding 'from their shores. Yonuwill have scandalised Carew, the learned Archbishop of Calcutta, and his episcopal and clerical associates in that mission. Nay, theg"rief of this great scandal will'reach the zealous Bishop of Adelaide (.Murphy), and'his Irish priests among' the'distant anti. podes of Australia, who labour to convert into a paradise= those dreary abodes' of tihe penal policy of Britain, where, 'together with the-atrocious mtirderers and violators of female virtue and of life, -the convicts of ducks' and liens, and cabbages and turnips, and mangel wurzel, seized from the deliberate malice of cold and hunger might he seen huddled together, as;monuments of the discriminat ing humanity of English laws and Irish landlords-abodes which, if not lit' with the lamp of religion, which the piriests, the voluntary companions of their exile, brought with them, would this day exhibit such frightful scenes of depravity and cruelty as might readily furnish Dante with images of fresh horror for his Inferno. . You will have grieved those and others who went forth from a land which they never thought would be held up as a land of mur derers, and from among a hierarchy which they never thought would be stigmatised as an " accessory to crime." And yet neither to those nor. to.others whose good .opinion we value has your lord.' ship sent any expression of your sorrow to console them. We shall not suffer, my .lord, that in the land of the stranger, but now of their adoption, they should, through the calumnies of. a.peer, or any other who allies himself with our:enemies,.blush for the fame of the land of their nativity. It need not be forgotten that your scandalous calumny is aggra vated by the circumstance of being repeated. Your lordship has already assailed the laity of Ireland in their distinguished chief, now, alas i no more. Your lordship felt the keenness of the cor rection-I might say the heaviness of the chastisement; and though inflicted by him, whose pen as well as tongue gave immor tality to whatever he touched, its remembrance would be softened by the generous recollection of your repentance. But now your sin is aggravated by your relapse, and your ascending in the scale of your aggressions. It is not by your attack upon me, however un provoked. No, I am utterly unworthy of attack or defence, and, in truth, as St. Paul said of the stems, I may say of the branches, " the least of the apostles." WVere your lordship or any other. individual to assail me 'personally, you certainly should have never heard of my vindicatin,. Personal quarrels I dislike-per sonal jealousies-i deplore; the greatest is too little for such unworthy altercations:. The divisions of 'Irishmen and of Catholics ainong themselves how I lament; I slioull heal them were 'it in my power. Religion alone should engage all' our zeal; and were we to have any unworthy private jealousies for a 'moment, it were desirable that we should adopt the noble maxim of the ancient pagan himself, who scorned to avenge any intestine quarrels whilst there was one com mon enemy to insult the majesty of Rome. ' You have insulted the majesty of Rome-Citliolie Rome-.when you laboured to tarnish the fame of one of the fairest, assuredly one of the most faithful daughters of the 'Roman church, " the mother and mistress of all churches," and added another poignant grief to the many others'by which the Holy Father. is bowed down, in attribu ting to the guilty connivance of the hierarchy of our country those disorders which they labour incessantly to correct, and which, had you sufficient candour and moral courage 'to avow it, you should rather have traced it to the uniform misgovernment of your own. You have represented this hierdachy " as an accessory to crime as a pestilent sore in the commonwealth." And you have as far as in you lay accredited the misrepresentations that are hourly sent, forth to the ' Eternal City" for the purpose of enslaving the. Irish hierarchy. Wliat a melodriama What a ludicrous and tragic mixture this entire affair of Roman embassies and Irish clerical denunciation. Is your lordship aware that while one nobleman preaches and practices coercion at home,. his noble relative is said to. be a most enthusiastic worshipper of the wildest forms of liberty: abroad ! Nay, lie is represented as the bosom friend of the youthful Ciceruacchio, who, it 'is said, aspires to be another Rienzi, and to restore the reign of the ancient tribunes on'the ruins of the empire of the successor of St. Peter. It is even said that Lord Minto, too, aspires to the fame and honours of Petrarch, becoming a musical sonneteer in favour of the coming political millenium, and lie may be prolonging his stay in Rome, until,.like the admirer of liberty and Laura, lie shares the triumphs of the young Rienzi, by re, ceiving the crown of poetry on the capitol. It is the representations of such an ambassador, said to be so hostile to the Holy Father, you have been strengthening by your calumnies on the Irish hierarchy. And for this public-scandal I now demand adequate reparation. Your lordship, at least, will not controvert the position, ' that evangelical discipline requires that for: public sins there should be a public penance.' You are perfectly right, my lord ; David was not a mote correct casuist, when uncon scious of the tendency of his reply, he answered to. the apologue of Nathan; and for your public denunciations of 'the entire Catholic' Church in Ireland, and of some of its dignitaries in particular,-we require your public atonement.. You owe it, 'principally, to the Bishopof Elphin, and, the Archbishop of Cashel, the -successor of' St.- Corniac, who, though adorned with the crown-and mitre, be queathed to posterity the richer lgacy of his sanctity:. andiriish literature. It seemed to have been the object of a rancorous faction to make the Irish bishops pioneers of the Attorney.General, to' smooth his approaches by breaking down the fences of the sanctuary, and to hand over their innocent clergymen, stript of the reverence: of the people and the panoply of their sacred character, to become the victim of some persecuting bigots, in order that the flock might be easily dispersed after striking down the pastor. Go, then, my; Lord of Shrewsbury, and for this grievous scandal against the" church, do penance, and. "'weep' between the.porch and the altar."' The spear end of the staff to which you have directed attention, is em blematic of the correction to be administered to penitents. This penance is to be tempered with mercy, and even towards peers,.who havegenerally :more of proud: flesh than other penitents, we should forbear any unnecessary rigour; butshould rather stretch out the. crook to ir-claim'tliheir wandlering, adrid the staff to sustain their fil tering dteps, as'they'airpr6aeh'the' tribunal of mercy, thus realising the-:mystlcal' signiflcation 'of~the pastoral crosier- . , . - :' - S, " Pungit rebelles, sustinet infirmos, reducit errantes.'- , S ...- .. :., ' :! have e·l h onour;:to'be,- .o ..;. . ,i r Your .Lordship'sVWery obedientriervant, 4 "·-'." "•N. " + .JoIN -A, ACHBISHOP ?OF: TUAO . . ... .. ? -' ··..;,?' = , .' i-. !' ,? ? ' 'L *'[..'' " : ?: . ::i'' 