His Excellency deserves the thanks of the whole colony /or the prompt manner in which he put in force the provisions of tbe Quarantine Act, once the existence of a dangerous, destructive, and infectious disease was ascertained in the neighbouring colonies. That the catarrh is ravaging the flocks on the other side, there is no doubt. Most stringent measures are there taken to preveDt its extension into districts not already attacked. It was thus a wise precaution, once the existence of so fearful a scourge was positively ascertained, to take care that it did not penetrate iuto this colony, hitherto perfectly free from the pestilence. To know and feel the full extent of tbe benefit, we should read the accounts from New South Wales, where whole flocks have been swept away ; where the melting-pot in tome localities is ever ready, and where disease anticipates it in some instances, so fast that the numbers destroyed are too great to ,be even boiled down before putrefaction has rendered the opetalion impossible. As yet we are fortunately free from tlie scourge; and, thanks lo tbe precautions taken by Ihe Government, we may hope lo continue so. Especially as it is generally believed tliut our slieep are lest liable to tlie disease ifian liiose of New South Wales. Certain it is, that, whether from a hardier constitution, or the early effects of a more bracing climate, or that they are bred less in-and-in, the produce of Van Diemen's Land sheep are free from catarrh, while it destroys all in their vicinity. This is no doubt a valuable quality, but the greatest security for us must be a strict enforcement or the terms of the proclamation, which nil), if attended to, effectually prevent the introduction of diseased sheep, while it will interpose no unnecessary barrier to the importation of those which are sound. We tliiok it would be no worse measure to impose a penalty on those who should ship from Port Phillip sheep which were known to labour under the disease. THE pledge that transportation should cease to this colony for two years,—the implied one that it had ceased for ever— has been rudely broken. Wchad hoped that the laBt prison ship had polluted our shores. That the readiness manifested by the other colonies to become the receptaclesjof Britain's felonry had released us from the brand;—that even the tyrant's plea of necessity no longer existed;—and that for the fuiure at least we should be free. We have been doomed to disappointment. Again lias a cargo of criminals been sent to ourshoreB; again lo add fresh numbers to those,already too large a proportion of our population. To increase that proportion still more by driving out tbe free. We cannot but feel thai in this matter the home government has broken its pledge to us, and worse still, it inflicts a grave injury by the contrast with its conduct to the sister colonies. We remonstrated, protested, against being made the sole rereptacle of concictism. Our protest, supported as it was by justice, prevailed, and a promise was given that for two years at least ne should be free- Meantime the sister colonies expressed their readiness to receive any amount of convicts, provided a free emigrant accompanied each. This was complied with. The best men of (his present cargo a e, accordingly, to go on there. For each a free emigrant will be sent. We, who nut only did not consent to receive them, but who protested, have the refuse thrust on us withour the corresponding inTusiou of free emigrants. We believe that had the documents sent out with (fie prisoners allowed it, Sir W. Denison would have sent on the whole batch, and] this, although himself an advocate rather for a modified system of assignment than for the total abolition of transportation. We shall return to this in our next. OH Wednesday, a deputation from the Brighton district, consisting of the Rev. Mr Burrowes, the Assistant Police Magistrate, E.Tooth, Esq., J.P., Capi. Chalmers, J. P., and Lieut. Harrison R.N-, J. P., waited on the Lord Bishop and presented him willi the following Address, expressive of the sentiments of tlie district, and signed by 110 householders. To the Right Receiend Father in God, PIMKCIS RUSSELL, Lord Bishop of Tasmunia. May it please your LordBhip— We the undersigned, ihe ministers and members of the congregation of St. Mark's Church, Pontville, and residents of the parishes attached thereto desire most heartily to congratulate your Lordship on the termination of an arduous underletting, and your sate return to the bosom of an anxious snd affectionate family, and " ihe flock over which the Holy Ghost halh made you overseer." Whilst rejoicing in this event we humbly tupplirate the Th'one of Grace that your pretence now restored to us may more than ever tend lo strengthen aud extend the Church of Christ, of which we feel ourselves unworthy, ihot^h we trust not unfaithful members. We are thankful to Snd that your Lordship's representations of our tp'rilual necessities have been generously responded to by the Christian Public of England, and we trust that their sympathy may eicile amongst ourselves a spirit of emulatiun, and make us so zealously affected in good thai we shall nol ces«e to labour in the serrice of our Heavenly Master. Feeling that your Lordship's most strenuous exertions since the foundation of this Diocese, have ever been directed to the increase of our temporal end spiritual welfare We presume nol lo suggest, much less dictate any subject of utility which your own observations will as hitherto speedily discover, but humbly praying Almighty God that he may long spare you <o lead his flock in the way of righteousness and true holiness, and that when it shall please liim to withdraw you from the charge committed lo you, that then tss one of old, you also may be enabled to say 1 have fought the goad fight, X bare kept he faith." We remain, liitht Heverend Father, Your Lordship's moat dutiful and obedienis, Rev. Mr. Burrows I Mr Foster, A.P.M. Mr Tuoth, J.P. Cap!. Chalmers Lieut. Harrison ] [Signed by 110 householders.] His Lordship in an extempore answer expressed his gratification at the sentiments contained in the address ; but as his time had been too much occupied lo enable him to write, or prepare an an swer, we fear that some mistake should pervert liis meaning, es we regret to see was the case in another case reported inaccurately from memory. Ko district could have required or' desired greater advantages from the re- . jectcd Road Bill, than that of Pitt water { and the country bordering on the Coa,! River Road. That measure is lost, but tlie example of other districts points out , a remedy. The inhabitants may obtain a private bill for their own district. 'I he | mode of communication would be the next question. We think that there can be no doubt of the superiority of the old road ovei that by Grass Tree Hill. It opens a good counrry, which the other does not, and is comparatively level, while the other is rendered difficult by a hill with a rise of one in fifteen, for nearly hall the distance from Richmond to the ferry. The next consideration would be, where should be the terminus on litis side ? Judge Montagu's Point indisputably. Macquarie street is to be continued to Macquarie Point. The distance is uot so great across, but that a flying bridge, worked by horse power, or a small steamer, would afford a quick, easy, and certain mode of transit. From that to the Half -way Hill, is on the same side of the cieek a gentle rise, over a soi' uncommonly well suited for a road, and in its vety substance precluding the necessity of metal for a considerable distance ; at all events, if merely cleared of the trees; far belter in every respect thaD the present one. From this to the Horseshoe is a made road, requiring but little present repair. And now to get to Sorell. By Richmond, or across ihe ferry ? Perhaps we had better say by Richmond, in the firBl instance. If so, the only change in the road would be bringing it to Judge Montagu's Point, and altering it slightly at Uplands, to avoid the hills. In this case it would perhaps be necessary to have two bills, one for the Coal River road, and the district it would open. Another for Pittwater, to form the road to Richmond. There is no doubt if the settlers determined to assist themselves in this matter, that his Excellency willappointan engineer to lay out the best line of road, furnish them with a gang of men at a cost of less than threepence a day each man, and that loo on the system of task-work, which has hitherto worked so well on the lines where it has been applied. We would earnestly press the immediate adoption of this course on the district. It affords them the best means of obtaining what is absolutely necessary —a good means of communication with ihe metropolis. It can be attained at an easy rale. The price charged for labour is not one fourth of its real value under the new system, which it is a pity was not earlier adopted. The power of obtaining such terms will not long continne. In another year or two such labour will not be available— while the price of free labour must indisputably rise considerably higher than it is at present. It theiefore behoves every place where a road is nccessary to take the present opportunity while it lasts. The Coal River road district most have a road sooner or later. Now ii can get one at once, and at a trifling comparative cost. Bye and bye it will have lost the advantage of years enjoyment of a good road, and will besides have lo pay at least three timeB the sum to obtain it. In our next we shall speak of the other line to Sorell across the Ferry. Meantime let the settlers of the district weigh wellandadviBeequally applicable to both, and act on it. TIIG ravages of catarrh in New South Wales would appear to be devastating «ome portions of the couiitrj. The disease has not only appeared in a virulent form but extended itself rapidly through the localities especially which are on the borders of New South Wales and Port Phillip. Under these circumstances it became imperative on us to provide againit ihe introduction of the pest, and we recommended serious attention lo the subject some weeks since. The government has since acknowledged the necessity, and a proclamation in the Gazette sets forth the danger and the precautions which the governor has takeu lo protect us from so direful a visitation. The moment we had hinted at the necessity of subjecting the Port Phillip sheep to Quarantine, and the graziers in thai colony were up in arms at the suggestion. " It was but a barefaced attempt to procure the monopoly of this market for our own scraggy mutton to the desltuction of the mutually profitable intercourse between the colonies." VVe looked on all this as a matter ol course. Tliey could not be very favourable to any measure which must diminish their profits, and to a certaioty would prevent iheir being able to dispose profitably of their diseased sheep in this colony which tliey were unable to do in their own: It would be of little consequence to them whether the disease were introduced here or not, provided that BUBpected flockB could here find a ready market. Of course in this patriotic outhurBt against us for hinting that ihe safety of this colony WBB of some consequence, even though ike means taken to prevent <t, might militate in some respects against the ready sale of the diseased sheep of Port Phillip, the Press was not behind hand. Be it a fault or a virtue the press of a colony is generally partisan. It looks to its own shapes its policy immediate locality and as regards the country ol its adoption with a monopolizing zeal which barely admits of any question of great local impotl being discussed on its general merits. Accordingly our suggestion was viewed with every symptom of disapprobation by the united press of Port Phillip. We do not recollect one which did not denounce in terms which varied from simple disapprobation to something (if the press ever could descend so far) bordering on abuse. "The catarrh either did not exist; or was overrated ; or had ceased ; or was not contagious ; or could do no harm io Van Diemen's Land ; or the catarrhed sheep would be better than our own." Here and there in one shape,or another,somelliing like these or be found. cogent. some of them might The reasoning was not very Still the quarantine would be a nuisance; an injury if there was oo outlet for the diseased fluchs ; and we are content lo imagine that to those who were so strongly interested it would be sufficient. What the result will be when it is known that the government has taken the matter up seriously, and that the very precautions recommended have been adopted we And yet the best may easily anticipate. defence of the course pursued by our government is to be found in a Port Phillip journal. Looking over our last files of Port Phillip papers we found in theMeliourne Observer, the following editorial article on this very subject. TRAVELLING OF CATARRHED SHEEP. There has been an alarm tliiB week in town of sheep being on the round from Goulbourn to the Grange infected with catarrh—but we are informed to day that the lot of sheep referred to have not been diseased at all. However it is of conse» quence to know what course should be taken to prevent the extension of mischief when catarrhed sheep are actually travelling. Tbe Sheep Act assented to 30th Oc- tober, 1846, after a long preamble says al section 2.—'And be it enacted, that if any person shall turn out, keep depasture, drive, or conduct, or permit or suffer lo be turned out, kept, depastured, diiven or conducted, any slieep infected with the disease called scab, or with the disease called influenza or catarrh, within a qnailer of a mile of any public road or way, used as a public way, or upon any land whatsoever, not being in the actual possession, and occupation of such per-> sou, lie sliiill forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any sum nol less than five pounds nor more than fifty pounds. Sec. 111. 'And be it enacted, that if any person shall dtive or conduct, or perm it o r suffer to be driven or conducted, any slieep infected as aforesaid, upon or along any public road, or way used as a public way, he shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not less than five pounds nor more than fifty pounds.' Sec. IV. Requires a notice to be put up on any road which passes through ground on which infected sheep are kept, wilh a penally of not less than five nor more than ten pounds. Sec. V. Enacts that if any one shall wilfully leave at large infected sheep he shall be subject to e fine of not less than one pound nore more than fitly. Sec. VI. Enacts that any one throw, jug infected slieep into a waterhole or stream shall forfeit for each sheep not less than one pound nor more than five pounds. Sec, VII. Enacts that if from any information, an oath, made before any justice of of the peace, by any proprietor or overseer in charge of sheep, or any constable, it shall appear to such justice, that there is reasonable cause to suspect and believe, that any infected sheep are turned out, kept, depastured, driven, or conducted, contrary to the provisions of this act, it shall be lawful for such justice to issue a warrant, under his hand, to some fit and proper person to be named in such warrant to authorise him to examine any such sheep, and it necessary to cause the same lo be driven lo the nearest pen,where the same are ordinarily kept, or to some other convenient place for examination ; and if such sheep shall appear lo be infected as aforesaid, they shall be detained until any information which may be filed under the provisions of this Act in respect of such sheep, shall be heard and determined, provided such information be exhibited within, at least, forty-eight hours after such sheep shall have been discovered to be infected as aforesaid; and any proprietor or person in charge of such sheep, who shall refuse to allow the same to be examined, or shall reluse or neglect when so required to cause them to be driven lo the nearest pen, or to some other convenient place for examination shall forfeit and pay, for any such offence, any sum nol less than £5, nor more than £20. Sec. XV. Specifies that "all sheep shall be deemed to be infected, within the meaning of this Act, which may have been infected aB aforesaid, at any time within 6 weeks pievioutly. These are the most essential parts of the act, which has all the usual mystery about ilB appearance; but we must leave it to the discretion of our country friends. It has proved very difficult of operation in former cates, and some of our members would do the community a service if they would get it put into a better working form and ask government lo provide for the inspection of diseased sheep, by authorised persons, under fixed rules, for ihe difficulty is to prove such infection as will justify the detention of the sheep. We are of opinion ourselves that the only safeguard is the compulsory destruction of catarrhed slieep, with perhaps a system of compensation (as pointed out in the Observer of April 4th) which would in some measure divide the misfortune and check the mischief. Melbaurn Observer. When we read this carefully through, it at once occurred to us that a great change had come over the spirit of the Port Phillip people. That they had al length acknowledged the existence of catarrh . its destructive powers; and thai it was dangerous to propogate it. When we looked at the concluding remarks on the act, we thought surely such stringent measures recommended respecting sheep in Port Phillip will be a justification to the people there for the very trivial precaution we have thought necessary. We find however, on looking farther that we were in error. That there was an omission in the destinclion of the diseased sheep, and that had the writer spoken out he would have said tlie melting vat and Van Diemen's Ltnd. The tame garrulous complaints of the measures recommended for the protection of tbis colony were contended. It is evident that the safety of Port Phillip was the sole consideration, and that if it could be saved, the loss of the catarrhed sheep bytbe destruction of our flock no matter, or perhaps so much the belter. To those who have inveighed againBt the Scab Act, we would recommend a carefu| perusal ol that we have quoted. If such an act has been found necessary, and to be productive of the most beneficial consequenca for years, in a country so purely pastoral, surely it must be proportionally advantageous to us. 