prrmrawtxYlatajtaw... .i...'. MISCELLANEOUS. Desir/ns of America upon Cuba. — We take folluwing from a letter written by the ( American correspondent of the Times i — A fetv weeks since I called ' your attemiou to a gambling scheme which was in progress for the annexa tion of Cuba to the United Slates. At that lime I did not apprehend any im mediate movement on the subject. It now appears, however, that the conspi rators have progressed so far as to openly avow their object to be the annexation of Cuba to the United Stales. AVhether this government is expected to patronise and countenance this bold, and more un holy than bold, project is yet to be de cided. If the administration condemn the enterprise, the question presents it self—are they not bound, in good faith to Spain, to nip in the bud such an un dertaking ? Are they not called on to inquire and ascertain whether Ame ican citizens are, or are not, beginning to set on foot an expedition against certain portions of territory belonging to a na tion with whom the United States it at peace 7 If tbe project is permitted to progress, I consider its consequences as most disastrous to the peace and pros perity of this country. Melancholy Accident — On the 2nd instant, a young coup'e who had been married that morning, resolved to pass a few days of the honeymoon in Brussels, and accordingly took the train for that city. On their arrival at Malines the husband got out of the train to procure some refreshments for his wife; but un fortunately the train proceeded on its course before his return. He immedi ately resolved to hire a two horse con veyance to Brussels (about four English leagues distant), and soon started on his journey. Towards nightfall a very thick fog (the first of th - season) arose. All, however, went on well until the carriage leached one of the suburbs of Brussels near Lackcn. when the driver, not seeing his way clearly, drove off the high road into the canal. The unfortunate indi vidual. in the carriage, having no means of extricating himself, was drowned, as were also the two horses. The coach man saved himself by swimming. Mean time the wife arrived at her place of destination, where she passed the night. The next morning, finding that her hus band did not arrive by any of the trains from Malines, she became alarmed, and spuke on the subject to some of the gen tlemen connected with the railway. About ten p.m., tbe accident became known to ihem, and they sent off an ex press to Antwerp in order to communi cate it to the family of the deceased. His brother immediately went up to town and after having given the first orders respecting the body of his unfortunate relative, conducted the widow of the de ceased to Antwerp, where she learned, for the .first time,, the melancholy intel- ligence. — Bell's .Messenger, Nov. 22. ATrrrrf Emblems of Authority. — For n very long series of years the ships of the royal navy have been designated by their wearing a pendant at l heir mast heads, to the interdiction of all other vessels; and a. law is still in force which subjects the master of auy vessel not in the royal service to the penalty of fine and imprisonment who shall presnme to display this mark of authority. This emblem of authority owes its origin to the following circumstance : — The Dutch admiral Van Tromp, was so dated at the successful result of the battle fought on the 29th November, 1652, near the Goodwin Sands, that he hoisted a broom at lm masthead, thus intimating his resolve to sweep the seas of all English shipping. This bravado induced the English admiral, Blake, to hoist a pendant, or whip, thereby signi fying his determination to chastise the Dutch admiral for his arrogant temerity. At a later period tbe ships of the mer chant navy were prohibited from wear ing any other but the red ensign : and, more recently, an order was issued that the union flag should never be hded on board vessels not belonging to the crown unless surrounded by a white border. A Itesurreetion Story Located. — An old gentleman in the village (of Hutton Rudby, Cleveland, Yorkshire,) related a curious story of the ghoul like deeds of a certain parish clerk, who officiated also as sexton, some years ago. It appeared that a married wo man of the village having been given up for dead, was at length removed to the usual place of interment. Whether from some implied wish on her part, or' difficulty in releasing it, the wedding ring was allowed to remain on the finger. This circumstance awakened the cupidity of the parish clerk, who, at the lone hour of midnight, crept cautiously to the new-made grave. Having removed the earth, and un screwed the coffin, lie proceeded to take off the ring, but from the contracted state of the fingers was unable to effect his purpose. Accordingly, with his pocket-knife, he set about amputating the finger ; but he had scarcely reached the bone, when, O horror! she corpse bolted nearly npright in its coffin, at the same time uttering a loud and dis mal scream. The parish clerk, who by the by, was a tailor, immediately darted homeward with the utmost speed, his hair bristling on cud. Meantime, the poor woman, who had been uncon sciously buried in a trance, alarmed at her strange and peculiar situation directed her steps to her husband's resi dence. and knocked loudly al lire door. What was her husband's amazement and conster nation to behold bis buried wife, in her shroud and grave clothes, stand ing at -tie door calling for admittance, llis first alarm having somewhat abated, lie proceeded to make further inquiry, and was al length convinced that his true wife, in flesh and blood, had in reality returned from the tomb. Afterwards, the injured finger and the state of the grave pointed suspicion lo the parish clerk ; but the husband, instead of punishing him for allowing his wife to return from her last resting- place, actually presented him annually with a web of the finest linen (he being a linen manufacturer.) — History of Cleveland, by J. TP Ord. A Railway Ghost. — A ludicrous in cident happened near Stockham, on the Lancashire, Cheshire, and Birkenhead Railway, a few days ago. It is pretty well known thst the operations at this railway have been stopped for the pre sent. A few men were left for the pur pose of carrying on some minor excava tions which were thought necessary. About a month since a man was un fortunately killed by the falling of the tunnel near the place where the men were set to work ; and the men heard, or thought they heard, most distinctly, the sound of the pickaxe on the very spot where he had been killed. The wind had been rather high for three or four days but still they heard the monotonous sound of the dead man's work in the tunnel. At last it was agreed that one of them should descend, and ascertain how matters stood, and if there should be anything to fear, a signal was to he given, and the adven turer drawn up again. One of the party immediately consented, boasting that lie feared not man or devil. Ac cordingly the rope was fastened rouud ; the waist of the hero, and he was let down the shaft, his companions ready, on the least notice, to draw him up. The bravado had not reached the bottom before a cry was bcasd from below, and such a twitch given to the rope as plainly bespoke that something was the matter. The man was pulled up in stantly, with a countenance as pale as death, on which terror and consternation were strongly depicted. To the almost gasping enquiry of " What is it ?" " What hast a seen?" he related that no : sooner had he got to the bottom than he / plainly saw the white pale face of the dead man, which went backwards and j forwards as if he were at work, but j which he recognised immediately as the countenance of his late friend. Tbe j news was quickly spread in the neigh- j bourhood, and the " railway ghost" i was the theme of every tongue ; several j prrsons went to hear the sound of the ghost at work, until a tipsy man, in a pot-valiant fit, would be so obstinately 1 bold as to go down and fight the ghost ! ' Willing to see how such a one would fare, they let him down, and in about five minutes drew him up again, with the innocent cause of all their terror in his hands. , It proved to be a large new tin powder can, '"'lvhich had been left there by the men, and which had been placed in rather a ricketty position, on a projecting stone. It was splashed with mod in such a manner that it some what resembled a man's face, and the wind through the excavation had caused it to jolt from and against the side of the tunnel. — Observer, .-Vot. 22. Dates of Shakspare's Plays. — Mr. Collier, in a paper, On the Earliest Quarto Editions of the Plays of Shakspeare, published in the third volume of the Shakspeare Society's papers, stys, — "It has generally been said that there are 20 quarto editions of plays by Shakspeare, printed anterior to the folio of 1628; but the fact is, I that, exclusive of the Taming of the j Shrcie, the title-page of the quarto I edition of which bears dale in 1631, j there are only 17 quartos. Sleevens, in 1766, to make tip the number, adJed the two parts of The Troublesome Reign of King John, 1G11, which no body in modern times has imputed to Shakspeare, although 'Written by W. Sh.' was inserted fraudulently on the title-page by the old printer. He also re-priti ted among his 20 quartos the two parts of the Contention between the Two Houses of Lancaster and York, bnthe strangely omitted Pericles , which had much more than an equal claim to the distinction. The undoubted plays of Shakspeare, which came from the press in quarto before 1623, were the following, and our list is made out ac cording to the dates of publication : — Romeo and Juliet, 1 597 ; Richard the Second, 1597 ; Richard the Thirt!, 1597 ; Henry the Fourth, part i. 1 598 ; Love's Labour Lost , 1598 ; Much Ado about Nothing. 1600 ; Midsummer Night's Dream , i 600 ; Merchant of T'enicc, 1600; Henry IV. part ii. 1600 ; Henry V., 1600; Titue An- drtmieus, 1600 ; Merry TVices of IVhulsor, 1602; Hamlet, 1603; King Lear, 1608; Troiliu and Cressida, 1609 ; Pericles, 1 609 ; Othello, 1622. Thus it will be seen at once how irre gularly ShakspeareYdramas came from the press, viz., three in 1507. two in 1598, six in 1600,. one in 1602, and aoother in 1603, one in 1608, two in 1609, and one in 1622. Why six sepa rate productions were crowded into 1600, while in various years none at all appeared, is a matter of curious and interesting speculation 1 five of these six were priuled from good manuscripts, whether derived from the theatre or from any other source; while the sixth was indisputably surreptitious, and never could have been authorized by anybody." The Athcmvum remarks upon this, that " we are not to suppose, though Shakspeare uever blotted a line, that the six plays were all written in one year ; but the fact that six of hit plays were printed in one year, is a cir cumstance in Shaktpearc's life which his biographers have hitherto neglected lo relate, or al least to remark upon in the way which a fact of the kind, as wc take it, would seem to deserve."— Globe. Emigrants to America. — The fol lowing statistical facts in regard to emigration are extracted by the Albany Evening Journal from the report just made to the legislature by the Commis sioners of Emigration: — The number of passengers who arrived from May 5th to Sep.30tli, inclusive, was 101,546, Of said passengers, there were natives of Germany 43,208 Ireland 40,820 England and Wales. . 5,501 Hollaud .......... 2,966 France 2,633 Scotland 1 ,656 Switzerland 1,506 Norway SSI Belgium 478 West Indies 265 Italy 130 Sweden 119 Spain 72 Denmark 51 Portugal 31 Poland 21 East Indies 6 Turkey 1 South America ... 1 101,456 Robbery at the Great JPestern Rail way Station. — One of the most impu dent robberies ever perpetrated in the metropolis, involving the loss of a large amount of property, took place at the Great Western Railway Station on the evening of yesterday week. In order clearly to explain the manner in which the robbery was effected it should be staled that the booking- offices for first and second class passrngers run parallel with each other, both being entered by distinct doors from the- front yard, and both affording disdinct egress on to the I platform from which the trains start. I The two offices communicate with each : other by a pair of folding doors, the clerks in each being thus enabled to ! pass loo and fro without leaving their positions behind the counters over which the money' is paid. The egress on to the platform from the sreond- clasi booking-office is by a pair of folding doors, which at night arc fastened by a single bolt from the in side, running up into the top of the door-frame, The inner platform bring considered quite private, no more seenre fastening to the door has been deemed necessary, and, unfortunately, from tbe fact of the two doors not meeting very closely, nothing was more easy than to unfasten ibis bolt from the outside ; thus auy person, .first having obtained admittance on the platform, might with the greatest case, by the insertion of a crooked nail or some such instru ment, obtain admittance inside the book ing-office. This is exactly what appears i to hare been done. At the most oppor- r tune moment for the perpetration j of tbe robbery, the thieves ajqicar to liar selec e I the period of the arriral of the last train on Sunday, night, » is , half past ten o'clock. At this time, of coarse, all the booking clerks nod other officers, with the csception of ihe few whose duty it wouM bo to receive the in-coming train, had tell. Tbe thiefs, i no doubt, had previously secreted them j selves among the carriages always re- 1 niaining nb >ui the station, and there is every reason to believe that they "tiff not commenceopeistions until! all iheoflicers of the company were busy in attending to tbe passengers arriving by the up train. They appear, then, having obtained ad- mi lanre as shove described into the second- class b " king office, to have gone behind the Counter, arid, forcing in succession all the rills (sis innuuibc) open, to have cleared them ol their con- writs. This done they passed ioio the fir»t-class office, where they did | r-- cisely the same thing every one of the drawers in both offices being forcib'y wtenrhed open. At the right hand es- iremily of the first-i-lass booking office is a closci, containing un iron safe, where the money taken during the dy it placed when iiol convenient lo ctrry it to the hankers, as on Sunday night, for instance ; this safe stood on pair of brackets. Htre also the articles of value sent for transmission by railway arc generally placed pending their dis patch. This closet was fastened by a common lock, which yielded without doubt teaddy enough to the iron wrench which hat evidently been used by the thi-ves. : Having gained admittance, tbe impudent rascals had the audacity to remove bodi'y tbe ssfe alluded to, which, it is to be regretted, contained u most welcome booty lor them, no less than £1200 in notes, gold, and silver, having heen plat e J therein in the course of the day. The thieves evidently car ried their load back into the second ers office. the front doer ol which they unlock' d, and let themselves out. Once in the Iront yard, the safe was doubt less placed in a ca'i or other veh cle.vnd the rascals got clear off among the cabs departing at the san e time. In ad dition to the £1,200 cash, the safe con tained a large quantity of railway se curities, the property ol the chief book ing clerk. In ti e cios-t with the safe were two boxes oi bullion, each insured for a la'gc amoun'. Happily these were untouched The Forresters are in puisuit ol the robbes, but no clue has yet heen obtained. It is feared the rob bers weie well acquainted with the in ternal arrancemenia of the office.— Rett's Messenger, Nov. 22. 