?ïâvitisi) sit acta. Arctic Expeditions. Str J. Franklin. -With regard to expeditions in search of Sir John Franklin, though there is yet no reason to doubt of his success and safety, it is certainly advisable that preparations should he made to send to his assistance, if it should be found that he has not passed through Behring's Straits this season. This cannot be known in England until the middle or near the end of January ; but we are much gratified to learn that the Admiralty are adopting prompt measures to afford our gallant countrymen most effectual aid, should it turn out that they are in need of it. We believe we may confidently state that in addition to the overland journey to be conducted by the enterprising companion of Sir John Franklin, Dr. Sir John Richardson, two naval expeditions are being prepared under the superintendence of Captain Sir James Clark Ross, than whom no man living is more able to get them out and direct them arish t. The first of these, destined for Behring's' Straits, will sail as soon as it can be got ready and the other, in tended to follow the track of Sir J. Franklin, will depart so as to arrive in Baffin's Bay at the proper season for navigating these regions, so that the friends of those on board and the English people may feel assured that nothing will be left undone which human power can accomplish to rescue our fellow-countrymen, should it unfortunately prove that success has not attended their exertions Literary Gazette. Canada The Earl and Countess of Elgin arrived in Montreal from a tour in the Upper Provinces, on the morning of the 23rd of October, and immediately proceeded to Monklands. The effect of his lordship's policy and bearing on the whole of Canada, the Montreal Herald observes (and the statement is amply borne out by the milder tone of the provincial press is, that though Lord Elgin's present cabinet has but. a slight hold on public opinion, Lord Elgin himself " by his indefatigable attention to business, his prudence and circumspection, his in- variable and unostentatious courtesy, is securing for himself, from all parties, that reliance upon his integrity as a man, and his wisdom as a statesman, which does not always accompany the respect that must ever be felt towards the representative of the crown. The result, so far, of his lordship's government has, most assuredly, been to soothe those political and party asperities which have so long been the bane and curse of Canada." The harvest in Upper Canada had been both in quantity and quality, far above an average; and notwithstanding a stop had been put to speculation by the reports from Europe, no fear was entertained of farmers not finding a ready sale at remunerative prices for their produce. The disastrous commercial intelligence from England had produced no visible effect on the mercantile community at Canada. The shipping season was nearly over, though a few vessels were still expected at Quebec. Bell's Messenger, Nov. 22. Designs of America seen Coba. We take the following from a letter written by the American correspondent of the Times A few weeks since I called your attention to a gambling scheme which was in progress for the annexation of Cuba to the United States. At that time I did not apprehend any immediate movement on the subject. It now appears, however, that the conspirators have progressed so far as to openly avow their object to be the annexation of Cuba to the United States. Whether this government is expected to patronise and countenance this bold, and more unholy than bold, project is yet to be decided. If the administration condemn the enterprise, the question presents itself are they not bound, in good faith to Spain, to nip in the bud such an undertaking? Are they not called on to inquire and ascertain whether American citizens are, or are not beginning to set on foot an expedition against certain portions of territory belonging to a nation with whom the United States is at peace?' If the project is permit ted to progress, I consider its consequences as most disastrous to the peace and prosperity of this country. Emigrants to America The following statistical facts in regard to emigration are extracted by the, Albany Evening Journal from the report just made to the legislature by the Commissioners of Emigration :- The number of passengers who arrived from May 5th to Sept.. 30th, inclusive, was 101,540. Of said passengers, there were natives of Germany.43,2i¡8 Ireland. 40,820 England and Wales. 5,501 Holland. 2,006 France.. 2,033 Scotland . 1,850 Switzerland. 1500 Norway. 881 Belgium . 473 West Indies. 265 Italy. 130 Sweden's. 119 Spain's.-. 72 Denmark. 51 Portugal. 31 Poland. 21 East Indies. 6 Turkey 1 South America. 1 101,456 Rookery at the Great Western Railway Station. One of the most impudent robberies ever perpetrated in the metropolis, involving the loss of a large amount of property, took place at the Great Western Railway Station on the evening of yesterday week. In order clearly to explain he manner in which the robbery was effected it should be stated that the booking-offices for first and second class passengers run parallel with each other, both being entered by distinct doors from the front yard, and both affording distinct egress on to the platform from which the trains start. The two offices communicate with each other by a pair of folding doors, the clerks in each being thus enabled to pass to and fro without leaving their positions behind the counters over which the money is paid. The egress on to the platform from the second-class booking office is by a pair of folding doors, which at night are fastened by a single bolt from the inside, running up into the top of the door- frame. The inner platform being considered quite private, no more secure fastening to the door has been deemed necessary, and, unfortunately, from the fact of the two doors not meeting very closely, nothing was more easy than to unfasten Ibis bolt from the outside : thus any person, first having obtained admittance on the platform, might with the greatest ease, by the insertion of a crooked nail or some such instrument, obtain admittance inside the book¡n¡r-oííiee. This is exactly what appears to have been done. At the most opportune moment for the perpetration of the robbery, the thieves appear to have selected the period of the arrival of the last train on Sunday night, viz., half-past ten o'clock. At this time, of course, all the booking clerks and other officers, with the exception of the few whose duty it would be to receive the in-coming train, had left. The thieves, no doubt, had previously secreted themselves among the carriages always remaining about the station, and there is every reason to believe that they did not commence operations until all the officers of the company were busy in attending to the passengers arriving by the up-train. They appear, then, having obtained admittance as above described into the second-class booking 'office, to have gone behind the counter, and, forcing in succession all the tills (-ix in number) open to have cleared them of their contents. This done they passed into the fiíve this office, where they did precisely the same thing, every one of the drawers in both offices being forcibly wrenched open. At the right-hand extremity of the first-class booking-office is a closet, containing an iron safe, where the money taken during the day is placed when not convenient to send it to the banker's, as on Sunday night, for instance; this safe stood on a pair of brackets. Here also all articles of! value sent for transmission by railway are generally placed pending their dispatch. This closet was fastened by a common lock, which yielded without doubt readily enough to the iron wrench which has evidently been used by the thieves. Having gained admittance, the impudent rascals had the audacity to remove bodily the safe f alluded to, which, it is to he regretted, contained a most welcome booty for them, no less than £1,200 in notes, gold, and silver, having been placed therein in the course of the day. The thieves evidently carried their load back into the second-class office, the front door of which they unlocked, and let themselves out Once in the front yard, the safe was doubtless placed in a cab or other vehicle, and the rascals got clear off among the cabs departing at the same time. In addition to the £1,200 cash, the safe contained a large quantity of railway securities, the property of the chief booking-clerk. In the closet with the safe were two boxes of bullion, each insured for a large amount. Happily these were untouched. The Forresters are in pursuit of the robbers, but no clue has yet been obtained. It is feared the robbers were well acquainted with the internal arrangements of the office. - Bell's Messenger, Nov. 22. A Railway Ghosts ludicrous incident happened near Stockham, on the Lancashire, Cheshire, and Birkenhead Railway, a few days ago. It is pretty well known that the operations at this railway have been stopped for the present. A few men were left for the purpose of carrying on some minor excava- tions which were thought necessary. About a month since a man was unfortunately killed by the falling in of the tunnel near the place where the men were set to work and the men heard, or thought, they heard, most distinctly, the sound of the pickaxe on the very spot, where he had been killed. The wind had been rather high for three or four days;, but still they heard the monotonous sound of the dead man's work in the tunnel. At last, it was agreed that one of them should descend, and ascertain how matters stood, and if there should be anything to fear, a signal was to be given, and the adventurer drawn up again. One of the party immediately consented, boasting that, he feared not man or devil. Accordingly the rope was fastened round the waist of the hero, and he was let down the shaft, his companions ready, on the least notice, to draw him up. The bravado had not reached the bottom before a cry was heard from below, and such a twitch given to the rope as plainly bespoke that something was the matter. The man was pulled up instantly, with a countenance as pale as death, on which terror and consternation were strongly depicted. To the almost gasping inquiry of "What is it?" "What hast a seen ?" he related that no sooner had he got to the bottom than he plainly saw the white pale face of the dead man, which went backwards and forwards, as if he were at work, but which he recognised immediately as the countenance of his late friend. The news was quickly spread in the neighbourhood, and the railway ghost" was the theme of every tongue; several persons went to hear the sound of the ghost at work, until a tipsy man, in a pot-valiant fit, would be so obstinately bold as to go down and fight the ghost! Willing to see how such a one would fare they let him down, and in about five minutes drew him up again, with the innocent cause of all their terror in his hands. It proved to be a large new tin powder can, which had been left there by the men, and which had been placed in rather a rickety position, on a projecting stone. It was splashed with mud in such a manner that it somewhat resembled a man's face, and the wind through the excavation had caused it to jolt from and against the side of the tunnel. Observer, Nov. 22. Prospects of the West ladies. If, however, the East Indian houses are in an unsound condition, the West Indian houses totter to their bases. Opie universal calamity seems to have overwhelmed the capitalists and the planters of our colonies in that part of the world, arising from the depreciation in the price of produce, consequent upon the " panic" in this country, perhaps, more than upon the direct and immediate action of competition with slave- holding countries. The greatest distress is stated to prevail in the islands and on terra firma and the proprietors of estates find themselves charged with properties for which they cannot find a purchaser, if put up for sale, and of which they cannot get rid even at a sacrifice of the whole, because of the legal objections with which they are encumbered. Hitherto the introduction of labour from the East Indies, and even from Africa-the last experiment has not issued in success; and it is more than probable that if a few seasons more shall pass over in the same manner as the last and the preceding seasons, the culture of sugar will be altogether abandoned, and the estates either relinquished to the increasing black population, to be cultivated for their immediate wants, or a new and less exigent crop of produce than sugar be raised from the impoverished means of the possessors. Ultimately it does seem not at all unlikely that the coloured race will obtain possession of the soil of the West India Islands, as if has of the lower country - berra caliente of Mexico and that the white inhabitants will dwindle down to a few agents, resident in the ports for the purposes of commerce was in the fine island of St. Domingo.- Observer, Nov. 22. The County Courts. -One of the numerous eccentricities of the County Courts appeared a few days ago in a motion in the Exchequer for a writ of prohibition to stay certain proceedings in the County Court of Worcestershire. It appeared that the plaintiffs in 3000 suits in this County Court had supplied from time to time necessaries to labourers of the defendants, who are railway contractors, until the debt amounted to a large sum. The debt, of course, as against the defendants, who had given but one order, was a single debt, and should have been sued for in some of the superior courts. Such, however, did not accept the views of some ingenious attorney, who brought the actions on each small account to the amount of 3000," upon which action the costs would amount to about £54.000 The Lord Chief Baron, on granting the rule applied for, remarked, that if this practice obtained, the New County Courts Act might be called an act for the increasing of costs.- Bell's Messenger, Nov. 22. Melancholy Accident-We the 2nd inst a young couple, who had been married that morning, resolved to pass a few days of the honeymoon in Brussels, and accordingly took the train for that city. On their arrival at Malines the husband got out of the train to procure some refreshments for his wife; but unfortunately the train proceeded on its course before his return. He immediately resolved to hire a two horse conveyance to Brussels (about four French leagues distant), and soon started on his journey. Towards nightfall a very thick fog (the first of the season) arose. AH, however, went on well until the carriage reached one of the suburbs of Brussels near Laeken, when the driver, not seeing his way clearly, drove off the high road into the canal. The unfortunate individual in the carriage, having no means of extricat- ing himself, was drowned, as were also the two horses. The coachman saved himself by swimming. Meantime the wife arrived at her place of destination, where she passed the credit. The next morning, finding that her husband did not arrive by any of the trains from Malines, she became alarmed, and spoke on the subject to some of the gentlemen connected with the railway. About ten, p.m., the accident became known to them, and they sent off an express to Antwerp in order to communicate it to the family of the deceased. His brother immediately went up to town, and after having given the first orders respecting the body of his unfortunate relative, conducted the widow of the deceased to Antwerp, where she learned, for the first time, the melancholy intelligence Bell's Messenger, Nov. 22, A Resurrection Story Located. An old gentleman in the village [of Hulton Rudby, Cleveland, Yorkshire,] related a curious story of the ghoul-like deeds of a certain parish clerk, who officiated also as sexton, some years ago. It would appear that a married woman of the village having been given up for dead, was at length removed to the usual place of interment. Whether from some implied wish on her part, or difficulty in releasing it, the wedding ring was allowed to remain on the finger. This circumstance awakened the cupidity of the parish clerk, who, at the lone hour of midnight, crept cautiously to the new-made grave. Having removed the earth, and unscrewed the coffin, he proceeded to take off the ring, but from the contracted state of the fingers was unable to effect his purpose. Accordingly, with his pocket-knife, he set about amputating the finger; but he had scarcely reached the bone, when, O horror! the corpse bolted nearly upright in its coffin, at the same time after a loud and dismal scream. The' parish clerk, who, by the by, was a tailor, immediately darted homeward with the ut- most speed, his hair bristling on end. Mean- time, the poor woman, who had been unconsciously buried in a trance, alarmed. at her strange and peculiar situation, directed her steps to her husband's residence, and knocked loudly at the door. What was her husband's amazement and consternation to behold his buried wife, in her shroud and grave clothes, standing at the door, calling for admittance. His first alarm having somewhat abated, he proceeded to make further inquiry, and was at length convinced that his true wife, in flesh and blood, had in reality returned from the tomb. ' Afterwards, the injured finger and the state of the grave pointed suspicion to the parish-clerk ; but the husband, instead of punishing him for allowing his wife to return from her last resting place, actually presented him annually with a web of the finest linens (be being a linen manufacturer).-History of Cleveland, by J. W. Ord. The Tides of the Mersey. We learn from Lieutenant Lord's new chart of the River Mersey, that between the Prince's Dock and Seacombe, spring tides attain a velocity of six-and-three-quarter miles per hour, and reaps a velocity of four-and-a-half miles. The duration of the flood stream is five hours twenty- five minutes, the ebb stream six hours thirty-five minutes. Equinoctial spring tides rise thirty-three feet, ordinary springs rise twenty-nine feet above the same level, and neaps twenty-three feet Liverpool Albion, 