AUSTRALIAN DISCOVERY. II. MARITIME SURVEYS. In continuing our record of Australian dis- covery, we propose to divide the subject into two principal divisions, that, viz., of maritime surveys, and that of inland expeditions; the former branch consequently will occupy the space allotted to the second number of our present projected series. It appears that in 1521, Magellan in his voyage round the world, discovered the La- drones or Mariana Islands, which now con- stitute a portion of that great cluster of islands denominated Polynesia. In the latter part of the same century, Alvaro de Mendona, a Spaniard, discovered the Marquesas, Society and Friendly Isles. These circumstances giving rise to the idea of a southern continent, induced Ferdinand de Quiros, who had ac- companied Mendona on a former occasion, to go in search of it. On his return, he an- nounced his discovery under the name of " Terra del Esperitu Santo " (the Land of the Holy Ghost) but it remains undecided whether he had sighted a point of the conti- nent, or some island on its N.E. coast. In the 17th century the Dutch commenced a diligent examination of these seas, and de- termined the existence of an immense island, to which they gave the name of New Holland, but as their researches were wholly confined to the western side, while Captain Cook was the first to run down the eastern side, which he named New South Wales, geographers agreed to denominate the one-half by the Dutch name, and the other by the English, appropriately combining the whole, under the appellation of Australia. In the New Holland division again, various parts of the coast having been seen by different Dutch navigators, and named after their own (not over euphonious) patronymics, their dis- coveries are still designated on hydrographical charts, as de Witt's Land, de Nuyt's Land, Edol's Land, and Caap Leewin. The retention, however, of such names, as Streleski pungently remarks, is only leaving behind records that perpetuate their own and their country's illiberality, for they were all jealous and avaricious and kept their discove- ries secret, seeking, and some of them finding their reward in self-aggrandisement. Not so, however, says Lang,—our countryman Dam- pier who was sent on a voyage of discovery to New Holland, in the year 1599, and whose contributions to geographical science consisted of an accurate survey of the coast, which he had reinspected, and a plain but correct and highly graphical description of the country and its inhabitants. It was during this century, or to be more particular, in the year 1642, that Abel Jansen Tasman was sent from Batavia, by His Ex- cellency Anthony Van Diemen, the Dutch Governor-General of the Indies, to survey the coast of New Holland and the strange land adjacent; it is, we believe, to his tender at- tachment for the daughter of his patron, that the island of Van Diemen's Land, and the North Cape of New Zealand, (Maria Van Diemen,) owe their present established names. In the middle of the eighteenth century, the Englishmen Byron, Wallis, and Carteret, and the Frenchman de Bougainville, exerted them- selves to increase our knowledge of Australia, but it was left for Cook, at the close of that century, to furnish the account of an accurate examination of this country. It was during his first voyage, in 1770, that Cook on leaving New Zealand, first sighted in the neighbor- hood of Cape Howe, the eastern coast of Aus- tralia, which he surveyed from that, its south- east, to Cape York, its north-east extremity, landing and taking possession of the country under the designation of New South Wales, first, at Botany Bay, and again at Endeavour River. Beyond Cape York the great circum- navigator never extended his researches, but that great gulf which lies directly to the west- ward of it, had before been entered and ex- plored by a Dutchman, who happily forms an exception to the character attributed to his countrymen, by Streleski. Captain Peter Carpenter, indeed, of the Dutch East India Company, who made a survey of this inlet, bestowing upon it the latinized form of his own name (Carpentaria), seems to have been led to the achievment solely from a motive of simple and honorable enterprise, equally cre- ditable to himself and useful to the world. In 1792, the French Admiral d'Entrecas- teaux, while sailing in search of la Perouse, favored the cause of navigation and commerce by publishing his survey of the southern coast of Australia, from Cape Leewin its south- western extremity eastward, to the 132° pa- rallel of longitude, a locality since named the Head of the Great Australian Bight. At this time it was conjectured that the country was composed of two islands, with a longitudinal strait between them, a conclusion which had been arrived at from the remarkable encroach- ment of the sea into the land, by the Gulf of Carpentaria to the northward, and the Great Australian Bight to the southward. In 1797, Mr Midshipman Flinders and Mr Surgeon Bass, being on a visit to the then lately established colony of New South Wales, undertook a series of expeditions to the south and west coasts, which led to the important discovery of the Straits named after Mr Bass, and of the insularity of Van Diemen's Land; their first attempt to pene- trate to the southward of Port Jackson, was made in a boat eight feet long, facetiously named Tom Thumb, of which they themselves and one boy formed the entire crew. This dangerous but providentially attended cruise, led to the discovery and survey of several harbours along the east coast, of which Illa- warra, Wollongong, Kiama, Broulee, Jervis Bay, and Twofold Bay, have since been settled, and the latter especially, risen to some importance. This memorable expedi- tion was subsequently followed up by a cruise in a whale boat, by Mr Bass, in which he ventured along a coast-line of 500 miles, and discovered and entered Western Port; while Mr Flinders, in a small leaky craft, visited the chain of islands running across the sea that divides Wilson's Promontory from Cape Portland, the north-east extremity of Van Diemen's Land. Finally, towards 1798, the brother adventurers, embarking in the schooner Norfolk, of 25 tons burden, went through the straits that separated Australia from Van Diemen's Land, but left even then undeter- mined the problem of the larger island being divided by a passage through its centre. In 1801, Flinders having been appointed to the Investigator, schooner, with the rank of "Lieutenant Commanding," commenced his survey of the Australian coast; following the track of D'Entrecasteaux to the Edward, he improved upon the discoveries of the former, by a more thorough examination of King George's Island, the Archipelago of the Re- cherche, Lucky Bay, &c.; Arrived at length at the Great Australian Bight, he commenced his own original survey of the unknown coast. Such, says Streleski, was the mystery in which the actual form of Terra Australis was at that time enveloped, so great was the tendency to imagine it divided by a sea- channel, running from north to south, that when the expedition anchored in the evening, at the south-east extremity of Thistle Island, and the coast was observed trending away to the northward, until all signs of land dis- appeared in that quarter, while at the same time no sensible tides were noticed, numerous anticipations and conjectures were raised as to the existence of deep inlets, inland seas, and passages into the Gulf of Carpentaria, and prospects of finding large rivers flowing into them, with other still more interesting dis- coveries, were freely indulged in. If, on the next morning and following days, the ex- amination of the coast dispelled some of these expectations, others were realised in the ulti- mate discovery of Spencer's Gulf, Kangaroo Island, and St. Vincent's Gulf, the last of which, has become important as the main harbour and port of the neighbouring colony of South Australia. During the time occupied by this cruise of Flinders, Bass' Straits had been again surveyed by Mr Grant, in a colo- nial schooner placed at his disposal, by the Government; besides the important discoveries of Cape Otway and King's Island, the eastern boundaries of this Strait, he discovered and entered a place, no less interesting to the most immediate circle of our readers, than the beautiful lake-like harbour of Port Phillip. In July 1802, the Investigator commenced her second surveying expedition; this time however, upon leaving Port Jackson, she sailed to the northward, and skirting the line of coast between Sydney and Glasshouse Bay, began the examination of the north east coast at Break-sea-spit. The great Barrier reef which stretches from this point, for nearly one hundred miles, presenting throughout an uninterrupted wall, together with the harbours on the coast within, were principally ex- amined, but as the Gulf of Carpentaria was the voyager's main object, this part of the survey was not completed until afterwards. Passing through Torres Straits, he safely en- tered the great inlet in November 1802, but was here again disappointed, in accomplishing what he had so arduously undertaken, for unfortunately, the Investigator proved so un- seaworthy, that the survey was in a few months abandoned and the expedition returned to Sydney. From Cape York to Cape Arnheim, (the extremities of the Gulf of Carpentaria) the examination made of four hundred and fifty miles of coast, enabled subsequent Geo- graphers to fill up the outline, which since the time of Carpenter himself, had never been improved. It was decided that no great rivers flowed into the sea, at the head of the Gulf, nor did there appear to be any inviting coun- try, the shores consisting of mud flats or Mangrove trees, and the back ground wearing a tedious and monotonous aspect. The third attempted cruise of Flinders, we pass over, because nearly from the commence- ment, its object were frustrated by his unfor- tunate shipwreck and subsequent shameful imprisonment at the Mauritius. But before closing our sketch of his labours, we desire to rescue from probable oblivion, the fact, that amongst the names of his ship's company, is to be found that of John Franklin the great Arctic navigator, and late Lieutenant Gover- nor of Van Diemen's Land. Contemporaneously with the expedition of Flinders one appeared on the south- east of Van Diemen's Land, under the command of Captain Baudin, of the French Navy. Its survey of the south coast of Australia added nothing of importance to geographical know- ledge, but its route northward from Cape Leewin to Melville Island, completed and es- tablished the general outline of the long and patiently examined Terra Australis. Captain King who was the next commander appointed to finish the hydrograpical survey of this country, was directed to examine the eastern coast northerly to Cape York, to rein- spect the Gulf of Carpentaria, make an ori- gtual survey of the unknown coast from Cape Arnheim to Melville Island, Van Diemen's Gulf, and Coburg Peninsula, and thence to run down Captain Baudin's track to Cape Leewin, a gigantic task, which, comprising a sea coast line of four thousand miles, it was ultimately found impossible to accomplish, to the satisfaction at least of the gallant and en- thusiastic commander. Captain King sailed from Sydney, in the Mermaid, in 1807, and his first great achievement was the dis- covery of Port Essington in Coburg Peninsula, important to the United Kingdom, because its situation not only connects it with the com- mercial interests of the opposite islands, but in case of war enables it to protect the passage through the Straits. Captain King's expedition occupied four years, and accomplished a survey of some three thousand miles of the Australian coasts on the north and the west, and when we con- sider that this included the necessity of tra- versing a course not less than forty thousand miles in actual length, as well as the diffi- culties he opposed and surmounted, the merits which attend his achieve ments must be ac- knowledged as eminently great. Captain King's work on this survey, and the atlas appended, bears date in 1827, and forms a most valuable reference to this day on all questions, whether nautical or scientific, con- nected with Terra Australis. The next great important hydrographical undertaking, to examine the great south land, was that of the Beagle, whose researches, first under the command of Captain Wick- ham, and then of Captain Stokes, occupied the years from 1837 to 1842. Their chief discoveries consisted in finding the rivers Albert and Flinders, at the bottom of the Gulf of Carpentaria, the river Adelaide in the gulf of Van Diemen, the river Victoria, flowing into the same estuary, which was traced to within five hundred miles of the centre of the continent, and the Fitzroy, flow- ing into Collins Bay.* *The Ports also of Swan River, Adelaide, and Port Phillip, together with Bass's Straits, re- ceived the benefit of the Beagle's surveying services, the fruit of which throughout her enterprises, cannot fail, we may conclude by observing, to prove of the greatest importance to the safe and speedy navigation of the coasts and harbours of this country, as well as, by the discovery of the rivers lately mentioned, materially to assist in our further exploration of the Interior. Taking now a summary review of the share contributed by each and all of these maritime commanders, to the marine survey of Australia, we find that we owe our first knowledge of the East coast, to the survey of the Great Cook, subsequently followed up by Flinders and King; that the latter on the North coast, and the former on the South coast, achieved the discovery of the principal harbours, although Bass, Flinders and Grant retain conjunctively, the honor of having first examined the Straits dividing V. D. Land from New Holland, together with the inlets of Western Port and Port Phillip, while finally, it was left for the Beagle under Wickham and Stokes, to complete the examination of the harbours and their ——————— The cursory visits of Captain Hobson, Blackwood, Bethune, Sir Everard Home, and Sir Edward Belcher, need not detain us longer, for sufficient ground and record, we think, has already been passed, to give the reader a suitably clear impression of the physical outline of Australia, before leading him to a view of the interior. —————— communicating rivers, on the north and west coast. By far the largest portion of this national work, then, has been performed as it ought to have been, by Englishmen, for the cursory glances and revelations of the old Dutch navi- gators, and even those of Dampier, Carpenter, and Baudin, scarcely detract anything from the aggregate merits of the explorers we have last taken notice of. It is to be hoped that as soon as the " Pet" colony of New Zealand has been sufficiently served, no time will be lost in completing our maritime connections with the Malayan Archi- pelago, and the East by the aid of similar services. 