NOTES APPENDED TO THE REV. W B. CLARKE'S SERMON ON THE CLAIMS AND SUPREMACY" OF THE SCRIPTURES. OPINIONS OP TBB CHURCH Or ROMS AS TO THE READING OP THE 8CKIPTURXS. Note (B). p. h. A high Romanist authority tell us that the Catho lic Ckun.h has i u all ages invariably condemned free access. Bu t in 'he exordium of St.' Basil's Homily on the first Psalm, we have admission enough to the contrary. He proves clearly that the Scriptures were regularly read to the young, audit is to' be inferred in the vernacular tongue, else his - expres- sion. would have been, different. But as the Church of Rome'advanced in h'er career of usurpation over the Church Catholic, the primitive custom in this respect was gradually altered. Thus iu the Covracil of Toulouse. 1229, it was de creed, that the laity should not be allowed the nse of tbe Old or the New Testament, unless perhaps some persons should wish, for the sake of devotion, to have tbe Psalter or Breviary for the divine "office, or the Hours of the Blessed Virgin. but the above mentioned books m a vernacular translation were striciy prohibited Crackeniborp (Defens. Eccl. Aagl ) mentions a Bishop who exclaimed in blissful ignorance; "I thuuk God thai I ain ignorant of what the Old and New TrS'ainenl may be. I know nothing and desire to know nothing besides the Missal or Poriiforiuui.'' It has been denied that the Romish Church ever prohibited by legislative authority the reading of the Scriptures, but the Council of Trent, De librit pro - hibilis Reguia tpiarla,) denies absolution to any one who shall venture lo read or possess tbe Scriptures % itbout leave. And at that very Council, one Bishop called tbe Bible dead ink; another called it the black gospel; and in the uld Romish authors it is called a dead letter. In 1526 Archbishop Wareham prohitod the use of the Protestant English Bible, declaring « tb-it some children of iniquity and partisans of the Lutheran faction had cuuningly and dceitfullly translated into the English tongue, not only the holy Gospels, but the other parts ol the New Testament, instilling pernicious and scandalous her sies into the minds of the simp e, and profaning the hitherto unsullied majesty of the Holy Scriptures by nefarious and dis torted comments." In the year 1826, the Bishop of Bruzes lasued his his anathema acs n-d tue Bible Society, as the Pope had done in 1824 ; calling on the clergy to prevtnt the snares laid for their people. And during th discussion in Ireland a few years since, one priest declared; " should you be induced to lake the Bible home to your cabins, you would be in danuer oflearnina from it doctrines contrary to the religion of your own infallible Church ! The celebra- . ted Dr. Doyle, who wrote under the signature of J. K. L. declared ; — " the Scriptures alone have never saved any one ; they are incapable cf tiiving salvation t is not the end Jor which ihey are written.'' ' Bishop Miliier. writi .g 1., the Orthodox Journal in 1813, says. " it is evidently impossible to a dd any notes whatever to the sacred t xt which will make it a safe \ or proper elementary book for instruciion of the illjt rate I poor.'' Now it is sufficient to oppose to ihese opinions the words of Soripturi; " These are written that ye miuht believe that Jesus is the Christ the Son 0/ God, and that believing ye mfgAf have life through his mine " Whom shall we trust, Dr. D .yle or i»i. John ? And as to corruptions, what says Auu nine? "The holy Scriptures cannot be corrupted, because they are anil havo been in ihe hands of all Christians ' W< 11 we may say with good old Bisii. p Davenaut on C< l .ssians, i. lb, where he has recommended the opinions of the Fat) ers,—" F:om these extracts, .than we may collect, what enormous guil t the Pop »h prelates bring upon theuiseives. who under the lying pretext of obscurity (as if really the mystery o la va tiou were uot laid open) siiatcti the evangelical book out of the hands oftiie lieoole.anrl ihi-u.r > . i 1 » — " — - -- « u 110-41 unu wild fantasjesand traditions into their p > aces.'' VERSIONS OF THE SCRIl'TOKES. Note (E), p. 16. The Old Latin version > was made from the Greek Bible as well as the New, because the Hebrew was not > Well understood. Errors, howeipr, crept in and Augustine says of them, > writing to Jeroai ' the' text isso different, it is scarcely tolerable" And > Jerom says. '« with the Latins there are even as many readings as there are > manuscripts; and every body, according to his own will, hadjadded pr taken > away what peeuied best to himself." There is doulyt, whether they were not > many transla lions. Jerom afterwards corrected tho9e errors by aid of tne > Original Greek New Testament and' the translated Greek version. But of the > version of the Old Testament there are but two books descended in our time. > The r«st were destroyed by carelessness or the roguery of others. He > therefore re-translated from the Hebrew afresh about A. D 4 3. But it was > flop years before it re- the sanction of the Church. Evem Augustine him self > objected to the translation from the Hebrew. At length, however, Pope > Gregory the Great, in the 6th century, gave to it the sanction of Papal > autho rity. The New Testament is Jerom?s emended ver- sion. We are not to > conclude, however that the present Vulgate contains either the translation > or the cor rections of Jerom, in the state in which he delivered them : for > (he two Papally authorised dioman edi tions 0' 1590 and 1592, both > pronounced authentic differ materially in sense as well as words. ' ' The > Vulgate was the origin of Wickliffe's Eng lish version, and Luther's was > assisted by it, and there are passages wherein Luther's agrees vyitb the > Latin and differs from the Hebrew. Respecting our own version, Tyndal and > Rogers translated from Luther's version; this was corrected by Matthew s > edition ; Cranraer's was a correction of Matthew's, and the Bishops' Bible > was a revision ofCraomer's and this last became the basis of the Kirig-s, or > our present authorised .version, Such being the case, it is undoubtedly to > Jerom 's Vulgar, that we owe our present version ; how therefore it can be > the gospel of the Devil, any more' than the Romish version, is a difficulty > vet to be solved. But here af! parallel cases. We do not at Bibli cal > interpreters place implicit confidence in a trans lation. But the Church of > Rome does, for the Coun. cil of Trent says, " let no one dare to presume, or > any pretext whatsoever, to reject it." ' The Romish Church requires absolute > authority, as of the originals thbmselves, for her version ui1inr,i)fl fhp > irlnrv 1 1 f th< . . ' v. «-.wiui=4s> aceuus 10 nave been, that the originals were opened to the research of tbe learned, whilst to the people also the best translation that could be offered was freely placed within their power. Tbe Church of Rome can never, till the decrees of the Council of Trent sball have been repealed, get rid of the errors which berjversion retains.—AL Tractabian sentiments respecting the refor mation. Note CF), p. 18. Speaking of the Reformation, the British Critic for July, 1841, calls it "That deplorable schism." And Mr. Newman, preface to Hymc.i Ecclessig, says of the same providential event, cteco quodam refor- mationis (quam vecanl) mstu in ecclesia passim fer- veute." Aud in his last volume of Sermons, be says, We cannot hope for the recovery of dissenting bodtts whilst we are ourselves alienated from the great body of Christendom. We cannot hope for unity and faith if we of our own private wills make a faith for ourselves in this small corner of the earth, We cannot have the success among the heathen .of Saint. Boniface and St. Augustine, unless like them we go forth with the apostolical benedicticn, ' I hate the Reformation and the Reformers more and more." — Froude . " Protestanism in its essence, and all its bearings is characteristically the religion of corrupt human, nature. ..The Protestant tone of doctrine and thought is essentially Antichrist." — British Critic Is this worse than the language of the Romish Mr. Gandoiphy, iu 1815, who in his " Defence of the Ancient Faith," vol. ii. p. 129, says,— " The Re formation means ; first a departure from the Re- vealed religion of Christ ; secondly, the substitution of a human invention by Luther , and, thirdly , an unjustifiable rebellion against \the lawful authority of Christ's Catholic Church." blasphemous titles applied by the church of ' rome to the pope. Note (G). p. 18. Pope Innocent III., addressing King John of Eng. land, said, that "as every knee in heaven and earth and hell bows to Christ, so all should obey the Pope —that -there may be one fold and one shepherd' Huss testifies that the preachers of his day spake of the Pope, hLa the God of the earth! In the Glosses on the Decretals, the Pope is said to ' have ' heavenly will, changing the nature of things, so that none dare say why doest thou so ?— for by his own will he does what he will." A ' divine and not a human power was claimed for tbe Pope in the Decretals, as not being content to be merely the Yicp.r of St. Petei, but claiming to be! truly the Vicar of the true God." GeisCler (iii. 263)- quotes the -words of Sancius, Referendary of Popu Paul II, " If nothing in this, world can be found more excellent than the condi tion and. dignity and dignity of simple priests, what must be thought of that Chief Pontiff who rules .011 earth instead of the true God,— wbo is appointed and elevated not merely to humaii, but to divine sovereignty ; not to rule over mortals only, not only over men but angels ; not to judge ttie living but the dead : not only on earth but in heaven uot to preside over the faithful but iufidels ; and (in a word) to the very same dignity, to the same jurisdic tion and supreme universal government fruin God himself and in bis place over all mortal?, &c.;" Id tbe Canon Law tbe Pope is called the " Spouse of toe Church, even to the exclusion of Christ ." The Patriarch of Constantinople having contested the the title of Universal Bishop, Baroni us compares bis couduct to that of the apostate angel contending with the Moat High God. Ic the days of Pope Paul III. an inscription was put over the gale of Tolentiau which reads thus,— Paulo III. Opt. Max, in Terris Deo. (God on earth). The same title .was gfreely ascribed to Pope Leo X., and the historian of his life has collected several instances, of which this is one, " Leo iu orbs DousJ' Pope Julius 11. was thus addressed by Christo. pherus Macellus, December, 1512, before the Lattran .Council. " Fu enim es pastor — tu medicus— tu gubernator— tu cultor— tu denique alter Deus in terris." And in the ninth session of ths-t Council, Pope Leo was addressed in this way, — " The appearance of thy divine majesty by wbose glittering splendour my weak eves are blinded." In one bull" Unam Sanetam" of Pope Boniface Vlll.. it is endeavoured to be shewn from the Book of ings, that obedience to the Vicar of Peter is so necessary, that "he who will not obey should die the death." Pope Julius issued his second Bull of convocation " by authority of the Omnipotent God by which we act on earth " He was called Christ-" Christum nostrum." -by Ennodius. Bernard anting to Eugenius III. uses these words, " Vicariuiu Christi Christum Domini." Ou a thesis dedicated to Paul V were these words Paul us V., vice Deo — et Pontificice oirihipo- fenftfficonservatori acerriuoo." In 1724 a book was sanctioned by the Neaolitan censorship entitled" Ist..ria del'antica Repubhca di Amafi consecratahl Vice Deo Bennedeito decimo terzo Puntifiee Otliino Maximo con licenza dei Supertori." Vitiinga quotes the following from the Papal 1 Canon?. " flonoreni qui debetur Christo, secundum quod Deus est, debere Papa quia houor debetur po- lestuti. Sed una est poiestas Christi secundum quod Deus est et Papse." Thi« is the direct bias pile my ol which tbe Jews accused iur Loid, So, Inuocent in the Decretals explains ' Deus quia Dei vioarius"— God because the Vicar of God. And Bellarmine udmits that every title given to Christ belongs also to the Pope. To close these quotations. I refer to the Canon Law in which it is said—" Pontificem c >nstat a Principle Cuns'antino Deum appellatum: oec posre' Ddiim ab h -minibus judicari manifestum- est," upon winch there is a gloss " D -nidus Deus uoster Papa" — Our Lord God the Pope. The history of Papal indulgences will shew how effectually such notions as those above mentioned have naturally produced their fruit; by proving, that the- Popes have acted out to the full all that is alle.ed of them. And it uiay be added, that there is not a title given in Scripture to Christ, which they have not assumed as to be borne by them, agreeably to Belluroiine's judgment. character »f the latin tuloate. Note (H), p. 19. The Rhemish Testament professes to be ma de from the Latin Vulgate, which the late learned Charles Butler, Esq .asserted was, as the Romish Ciiurch holds it to to be, of greater authority than the Greek text, yet oddly enough' it states, iu the tiile-paue, that it was " diligently compared wiih the original Greek." There can be no. offence, then, in proving its pretensions by preference iq the Greek, . The following are a few of. the .passages in which it betrays the design of its translators: In James v. 15, the Greek words imply— " confess your sins one to another,'' The note on this in the Rhemish Testament is—" That is to the priests who were called in, in verse .14." In 1 Co. xi. 27, we read "Whosoever shall eat this, bread and diink this cup of the Lord unwor thily." The. word and is supported by the ancient and valuable Greek M8S , by several MSS.of the Vulgate, which read et, and with which readings agree the Arabic, the ancient Syrian, tbe Coptic, and the Æthiopic versions; the oldest printed editions of the Romish Vulgate have et but because there are a few Greek MSS.of less au- thquity which read e and some of the Vulgate which read vel , therefore the translator of the Rhemish Testament hasnot scoupled to render the passage « eat this bread or drink,'' &c.; And to this is added in the note; "Here the Protestant Testament is corrupted, by putting ' and drink,' contrary to the original instead of or drink." What a strange corruption, since the Protestant version ac tually agrees with the old Greek MSS. and the Vul gate itself, as printed by Romanists ... Stranger still, the celebrated Dr. Milner, in his " End of Religious Controversy," cites this very pas sage in b\s fifth edition, stating, that the text is corrupted in the English Bible, because and is put for or, contrary to the original Greek and the Latin Vulgate. Just before he had blamed a Protestant opponent for suppressing the text. In Heb. xi. 21, we read-" Jacob, when he was dying, blessed both the sons of Joseph, and -vorshir- ped upon the top of hi.s staff." The allusion is to Gen. xlvti.31. The Hebrew word for staff also sig nifies a bed whichever it was, Jacob must have leaned upon or over it. but the word leaning being understood only, was supplied in italics by the Pro testant translators of the New Testament. All the ancient versions, excepting the "Vulgate, agree wi'.h the Greek. Of the word epi, in the Greek, upon for over , there is no various reading whatever. But not withstanding this, the Rhemish translator has it— ' By faith Jacob, when dying, blessed each of the sons of Joseph, and adored the top of his rod." To which is added in a note ; " The apostle here follows the ancient Greek Bible of the Seventy Inter, prefers which translated in this manner (Gen, xlvii, 31), and alleges this fact of Jacob, in paying a relative honour and veneration to the top of the rod or sceptre of Joseph, as to a figure of Christ's sceptre and king, dom, as an instance and argument of his faith. But Protestants who are no friends to this relative hon ourr have corrupted the text by translating it— be worshipped, leaning upon the top of his staff-, as if this circumstance of leaning upon the top of his staff, were any argument of Jacob's faith worthy the being thus partcularly taken notice of by the Holy Ghost." Now in the first place the Seventy do not translate in this way. The Greek words in the Septuaginit and in the Hebrew text agree; And in the second place, it is i le ir if there be any corruption it must be in the Vulgate New Testament, for it not only differs from tbe Greek, but from the Vulgate Old Testa ment also. in 1 Cor. ix. 5, the Rhemish translators have rea. deied the aposties's words . ' Have we not power to carry about a woman a sister." They then add, in u note, Protestants have cor- rupted this by rendering it- a sister, a wife. Now in the Greek text the words stand as in the English Protestant version-— See " The Fathersnot Papists, by Hugh Boyd, Esq." It is not within the rangejof this note to make particular reference to the similar proceedings >of the Romish editors of the Christian Fathers, but it would be impossible to produce examples, , to show that they have altered text in numerous instances, in order to suit the peculiar doctrines maintained by their Church. It is not bearing false witness to say, that they have suppressed, corrupted, added to, taken from, aud altered the records! of those very authors to whom their Church appeals for its traditional evi<« dence, ..... (to be continued in our next.) 