NEw MAGISTRATEs..- His Excellency the Govertor has been pleased to appoint John George ChuircLh, Esq., of Uranquintey, Wagga Waggil, anid David Ryan, Esq., of Gundamaine, Wee Wan, to be Magistrates of the Territory and its Dependencies. NOTIO-POLocE OFICE, BEnnrTMA, Nov. 23. -In the custody of the Police, at Berrimna, and supposed to be stolen, from the district of Ba thnrst -A black mare, few white saddle marks, about 14 hands high, aged, branded IlM ncear sholder;, the j appears to have been recently bIranded on lher; there is also a defaced brand on tlhe obff sloulldr. The mare was brought to this district by onie Joseph Stall, a native of the Colon-, of the White Rock, near Bathurst, and supposed to havebeenstolen by him. She has now a foal by her side. Noel Chapman, Chief Constable.: TICKETS '-OF-LEAVE.-Thomas Kennedy, per Waverly, and James Robertson, per Bengal Merchant, have obtained Tickets-of- leave since the last publication: the former for Goulburn, and the latter for Yass. ESCAPE ~nOMo CusToDY.-James King, who was sentenced at the last Court of Quarter Ses sions to be worked in irons for two years, for breaking into the dwelling of Mary Kelly, at the Levels, and stealing therefrom three pounds in money, managed to effect his escape from the Wingello luck-up on yesterday sen'night. It ap pears that the constable who had him in charge did not, as is usual upon arrival at the watch house, place him in confinement in the cell, but allowed his prisoner to remain in what was in-. tended for the lock-up keeper's apartment. Du rIing the evening, the constable went out for the purpose of prcuyring some refreshmeilt,1leaviiig King on his pardle of honor to cook a runip steakl instead of which he made himself scarce through the window of the room, and got clear off. The search for him up to the present time has beeun fruitless. E?m?oaareTs.-The batch of emigrants that: arrived in town on Monday last, are nearly dis posed of. The wages average from £17 to £-20 in cases where the men only are employed, and from £20 to £28 for families. THEATRICALS.--The usual weekly perform ance of the Amateurs took place last Tuesday, on which occasion a farce (never before acted in Goulburn) was presented, entitled the 'Spectre Bridegroom'. The parts were well sustained by the comic force of the company. Mr. Williams was admirable in Mr. Nicodemus, and looked like a respectable ghost in genteel black. The parts of Squire Aldwinkle and Capt Vauntington, were filled by Messrs Cooke aud Tomlinson with their usual success. Our pretty friend, Miss Winkle, looked absolutely charming as Miss Georgiana. The other entertainments for the evening consisted of the Mistletoe-bough and the 4th Act of the Reveuge, in which Mr. Clark displayed melo-dramatic powers of a high order, and the performances of Ramnmo Sammo, the Indian Juggler, who went through his astounding feats amidst reiterate shouts of admiration from a delighted and entranced audience. SMALL DEBTS CounT-The number of plaints fin thie above Court, which will be held on i?o day next, amourit to48. AcoCIBNT.--A laborer niamiied Joseph Maddocsi iu the employ of Mr; John Flecknoe of Cotton Valley, met with,a ,serious accident, some weeks since, by falling from a' tree, by which his shoulder was disoloeited. The injury wvst ieo atitended to:fbr s~omeiveelsi: thib~: cnse queene was," tlhiti the: IhaiL' snfifred ·dreadfully, ilid was coioDpelledl atlast to apply to Dt. Waugh, vwbo sklilfullly tediiced the' disiooation, and tle piletnit is ina faiiionrible way of recovery. TaE ".'Si' JOHni BAILEEYCO?N.O?- r up. couttry: :friehds will obseive Veby e;our adveiirisitn coliiinns;: that Mr. Newman has, again.procired, Sgenieral license, antd vill be happy ..to see them. in his sunug retrceat.: . :'CHARITrY -Si?n-ox. - On Sidtnay, the, 19th instant; a sermtion was ;preaclhlI by tlihe ev Wi So0eeby, in:aidt of the funds of ithe- Beneoleiett' AsylUm, Sydney. A collection was made1whlich aumounted to, £05 lOs:, which sunm : asbee~n itrdie'iittuedito Sydnney.i . .??dii Sydey SY- NEY MAGISTRAOY. - fr. Laurance Myles hiis applied, in consequence of ill: heaiil?hfoe permission toretire from the Commission of the Peace. CARRTnnAGE or Goons.-There is at present existing in Sydney, and hias been for some time past, a great scarcity of carriers' drays for Goul burn. We strongly recommend those who hlave teams to start iimmdiately to the capital for louiding, as the regular carriers are demanding £7 per ton to Goulburn. A NEW DRaAMA.---A tragie drama will be pro duced on Tuesday evening at the Amateur The atre, under tihe title of The Parricide. The author is favorably known to the public as the writer of more than o0ne drama of acknowledged merit. The leidling characters will be filled by Mr. Albert and Winkle SALE OF SHEEP. - We understand that R. Stiles, Esq., J.P., has privately sold to Mr.Moses Joseph, of Sydney, a portion of his sheep and station. EXECUTIONof JORDAN AND iAllrDE.-Ofl Tu6sda iriorniui'g, at the usual hour, John Jor daun ol'victed of the wilful murder of Zimram Youram, at Norfolk Plains; and Matthew Ma hide, convicted of the Blackflaced Robbery under arms, at Mr. George Stancombe's, underwent tihe last sentence of the law. -Shortly before eight o'clock, the Under Sheriff arrived at the gaol; a gnuard of IH.M. 9th Regimeut occupied the space in fiout of the drop, and a strong body of con stables was also in attendance to keep order. The bell of the Penitentiary Chapel tolled from half-past seven to eight o'clock.-At a few mi nutes past eight o'clock, the convict Jordan ap peared on the scaffold, preceded by the Under Shlieriff and his javelin men, and attended by the Rev. Mr. Butters, Wesleyau Minister. Jordau was sadlly altered since his trial; he was pale and care-worn in appearance, and hlad neither coat nor waistcoat on, having left them below with his father. Inmmediately on aseendiug, he approached the front of the platform, and with the permission of the Under Sheriff, commenced an address to the bystanders, which lasted up. wards of ten minutes. lHe seid, lie was about to die, and wished to say a few words to them by way of warning. He had broken the Inws of his country, and in the: eye of the law he was bound to suffer; he hoped that in afew .miiiites his spirit would be with his Saviotr in a woild of happiness, he trusted he hadi minae his pieaee with his God, and should die hoappy.i.'To the best of his recollection, everything that he.h Itd said in his original confession, was the truihith was due to his unhappy relatives aol the public to state, that he did not striltke'tlhefatal biVow but had inteifered, to prevent' the perpetration ojf the foul deed., Jordan's.concluding wortds,1yerc) " God bless you all."' At this juncture the other convict, Mahtide, was brought forward, h 'is'arms pinioned like his companion, and atteiiided by' the Rev. T. Butler. Mahide said nothitng;,,bnt. appeared more dead than alive ere yet the.exeq?-; tioner had done his work. The reverenld gen: tleman seemed anxious to keep him from lie. public gaze, with the laIuAible intentionj iro-J bably, of preventing 'hisitnd from being. dis tracted when once prepdared'for his fate. The, last rights of his Church were administered, and the unfortunate malefactor was consigned to the hands of the hangman. After the caps had been drawn over their hleads, and the fatal ropes ad justed, the signal was given, the drop fell, and the two unhappy metn were launched into eter. nity. After hanging the usual time, Jordan's body was conveyed to the Colonial Hospital for dissection pursuant to his sentence. Malhide's remains were taken away(in a decent coffin to the house of Mr. O'Hillor n, the " Crown Inn," where there was a wavke at ight after the custom of his country, prior to int ment in the Catholic Burial Ground.-Corinwall Chronicle, :Launces ton, November 11. -t i 