THE BISHOP OF TASMANIA AND MR. SORELL. To the Editor of the Colonial Times. Christ's College, November 4, 1848. Sirs-I have just seen, in your paper of Oct. 27, a letter from Mr. Sorell to the Bishop of Tasmania, accompanied by a leading article on the subject to which it relates. And I have heard that the Colonial Times, has, before now, been the vehicle for the publication of the correspondence referred to in that letter, as well as for remarks upon my own conduct in late proceedings at this College These remarks I was content to hear of ; but these, when I understood that it was no longer myself, but my Bishop who was assailed, I sought to be ; if possibly I might do the common duty of trying to refute them. There is a point beyond which silent submission becomes com article and that point surely has been attained, when I see one who has defended my cause suffering for his defence of it. You say, truly, Sir, that the tone of Mr. Sorell's letter is "temperate." It would have been well had your own remarks upon it been guided by his temper. Is that letter, setting aside its misapprehension of what I am well assured was the Bishop's meaning, I see nothing but what I can well conceive I might myself have written, had I been in his position. It is the calm and earnest appeal of a father, who believes himself to have been wronged. It is such language as can only be spoiled of its meaning by the interpretation you have put upon it. Your conclusions, it one, could for a moment suppose them adopted by the letter- writer would have the . painful effect of throwing a doubt upon his sincerity. But it is because he does not of what you do charge the Bishop with '. holding him up to public odium" as one who was " not under the influence of his duty either as a man, a parent, or a christian," that I am induced to offer him, through you, an explanation, which otherwise must doubtless be thrown away. I think, then, that I may safely assert that not one of those who heard the Bishop's speech could possibly have imagined that it was his intention, directly, or indirectly, by any word of his, to hurt the feelings, or impugn the motives, of Mr. Sorell The conclusion drawn from his words must have been utterly the contrary. He described, it is true, what would have been his own thoughts and actions under such and such circumstances. But was this equivalent to a con- demnation of all and any who might have thought or acted differently ? Was it, in fact, anything more than an expression, of peculiar value, of the confidence which he himself, without the least reference to others, felt in the Government of the College ? Nay, did he not expressly-as though to guard against the least possibility of being misunderstood acknow that those who had had less, experience than himself in the discipline of public schools and colleges, " might arrive at a very different conclusion ?" I confess I am indignant when I find the Bishop's words twisted pair, force into such a transparent syllogism as this, c" I should have done so and so, under the influence of my duty as a man, as a parent, as a christian; Mr' Sorell, however, has not acted as I shahr have done, and tlierejmehe has given evidence that he has not been under the influence of his duty as a man, a parent, or a christian." Surely it needs only to point out such a specimen of logic and leaves to fall to pieces of itself. I pass'to'lilmtaceiris, to be the special gravamen of Air Sorell's letters j namely, that the Bishop speaks of " an act of violence, such as that we have had reaspiuto'ileplor^." Mr. Sorell protests against this expff seton sang; lean understand him, for he does not believe that his son" '. committed the offence imputed to him." But why, for so speaking, should,the.Bishop be charged' with an as. »umptf'/Hi oy, (in your own. comment, going,, as before.. far, beyond the texts without assumption,' unfounded,' unfair, and disingenuous ?" , Why was it any morp,ap,as.i>uraptioi} for the Bishop to djB rivers Agjnion from the. Warden's statement ttíánifp'rjíOÜJ(afretó dpriifo,ypurs from the " up ' mjpóaehed^wid unimpeachable witness, young, Ritchie' is- why verify not the Warden's testimony appear ais^unoontrorartihlni', jp JJjo.^B¡bh¡>p¡i eyes, as young Ritchie's in yours ? Because, you I will say, Ritchie knew the true state of the case ; the Warden only drew his own conclusions. Nay, Sir, but what it the Warden derived those conclusions from the very statement (combined with other evidence of Ritchie himself- his first state- ment made immediately after the return Yes What then becomes of the charge of assumption ? Yet this is the simple fact. Tile Visitor received my representation that I had carefully examined each of the parties concerned in that unfortunate act, and that, upon the evidence, I felt compelled, with deep pain and unwillingness to deal with it as an act of violence. He did me the honor, which some others have refused of believing my words ; he did "not interpret (with the Colonial Times) " due enquiry to mean no enquiry at all ;'' and therefore, I venture to think, Sir, that his " assump- tion" was at least as fair, as ingenuous, as well founded, as yours I need say no more. For my purpose is only to defend, so far as I may, him whose confidence deserves any pains that I can take. I seek not to defend myself and if I did, judging from the paper before me, self defence would require other weapons than I am master of I can but wait patiently, till men of British blood shall begin to see that to impugn the justice of a verdict because a witness thinks fit afterwards to disown or contradict his evidence, is neither British, manly, nor rational ; and, still more, that to make an act of chastisement, be it over so severe, the pretext for sweeping accusations against the whole religious system and discipline of the College, is literally and nakedly, to bear false witness against our neighbours am, Sir, your obedient servant, F H. Cox, Warden. To the Editor of the Colonial Times. SIR-In resuming the subject of my letters to the Bishop of Tasmania, whilst I thank you for the marked liberality with which you have treated my communications, will you give me leave to premise this observation The' subject is one, from long study, extremely familiar to my own mind : it has, in my mind, had time to form To itself (so to speak) a home to gather round it, as it were, man; familiarities-many domestic ties : it does not stand in cold barren isolation, but branches out into a hundred ramifications, linking itself by many associations with scriptural truths, with classical recollections, with sad modern realities, with prophetic outsbadowings not dimly seen in the word of God. Hence, from those who are disposed to a general coincidence with ray views, 1 claim to be judged from the whole, not from any one particular expression : from the antagonists of these doctrines I claim nothing, neither their patience nor their charity ; they can do nothing agreeable to me, unless, indeed, they try to answer me. Another observation I must introduce : scrip- ture doctrines can only be judged from scripture. No man of sane mind would think that Virgil's celebrated Eclogue addressed to Pollie is a confirmation of the truth of the prophecies of Isaiah and no man of sober Christian judgment ought therefore to think that scripture to Ellis can be either strengthened or illustrated by quotations from the Fathers. Unless my memory deceives me, the Bishop of London is said to have become a semi Puseyite; but, however this may be, I must do him the justice to quote an observation, which I, in company with other candidates for ordination, received from his own lips : he said '. The man, whose talent is equal to it, will form for himself the soundest system of theology, by mçansoftlio pure scriptures alone." Now. Sir, there wanted but one thing to make this sentiment divinely true ; instead of talent, he should have said faith for it is not talent which makes a sound theologian : talent may make a splendid casuist, an ad captandum orator, a subtle reasoner but not a sound theologian ; this is an achieve- ment belonging not to talent, but to faith and prayer-the detests energatfmene of the Apostolic word. Your correspondent Alpha has anticipated, in his remarks in your paper of the 22nd September, the spirit of some further observations which it was my purpose shortly to address to the Bishop of Tasmania, on the subject of ordination in connection with the worn-out question of Apostolic descent. I would ask his lordship, as he is a professed advocate of this doctrine, whether or not, at the Feast of Pentecost, the Holy Ghost fell upon the multitude then and there assembled with the Apostles The words of scripture are " Repent and be baptised every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord shall call." Now, if the advocates of an exclusive gift-a gift to the ministry alone, by descent from the Apostles admit that these scriptures are true and if they admit that a principal object of the descent of the Holy Ghost be to lead men in all truth-how will they escape from the horns of this dilemma for the Holy Ghost descended upon three thousand men in one day, after the Apostles had baptised them, or else Peter was under a strange hallucination when he made that promise. And do the advocates of this preposterous doctrine claim a descent from the Apostles alone, or from this whole multitude ? If they claim the Apostles to themselves, surely they may leave the lay residue to the rest of man- kind and so we but obtain the Holy Spirit, we shall be well content. The Holy Ghost is not a property, not an earthly estate which the rich and great can appropriate exclusively to themselves, as they have appropriated the possessions of this world, The more strenuously they claim the exclusive possession of the Holy Spirit of our God, the more eloquently do they preach to the world the fact that they themselves have it not; that they know not even what it is; and we can tell them, Sir, that their arrogant pretension has abundantly convinced us of these startling facts. I call them startling facts, because they sap the foundation of the vain-glorious superstructure they are so careful to build up. 1 call them startling facts, because, if the belief in these sober declarations continue to spread for a few years longer, as it has latterly spread, in a short time there will be no Anglican Church. Nay, I venture further unless the Bishops of this church (some of whom are, and many have been truly venerable) gather together a general council, and' remodel their semi-obsolete Liturgy-abolish the foolish commemoration of.Saints-apd throw out the Mar- warden of Charles they cannot long hold their own. Destruction will come upon them unawares, like a thief in the night. Mr Editor, it is an oft-told tale. They have linked themselves with the State, and have gotten them wealth and honors, and therefore their estate has become unsound. What, my Lord Bishop, can no man be an orthodox Christian, unless he steadfastly he lives in your Apostolical descent, and subscribes to your infallibility ? What more has Papal tyranny over claimed? When the Holy Ghost came down upon the assembled disciples, and shook the place itself where they were gathered together, it foreshadowed with unmistakable clearness, that even so should the Holy Ghost be poured out upon the gatherings of the faithful in every age and in every clime not limited by narrow bigotry, which lays its flattering unction to the soul of the self- styled ministers of God but largely and liberally poured out upon them that are near, and upon liam that are clap of ; upon Jew and' upon Gentile; upon Japhet and upon Ham ; spreading abroad from the tents of ahern, to gather together GpjJ's elect from all the four winds of Heaven to the Zion of the Incarnate SOR, I <,, r k" Woe was 1 woe I On whom is that tremendous anathemas my Lord, pronounced in the Apocalypse in Patras against thos wlnisljiquldi add to or take, from the words of the holy volume ? Is it against the poor printer who' commits some typical mistake?, Or, against the ignorant trans later who merely, fail's, from rñiipppreherísipn, to render some particular passage, aright 1 ' No, no'; my Lord Bishop; it is not against these that the curse is pronounced, but against-those whereby they second truly . they do gee and having Clearly the power, to understand power toufn»or..i stand, I says the noblé^andoxpansivobenevqlbn'eö' of the mpst'pveeiousigift of him wboTover/givcthi libcrally_read,tllo¿WQrds which are plainly writ- ten iu.ttha'ty1bi»í(|c,;,'andlyot<.tívnyzto their fellow men and Christian brethren in ?l^themselve»~gig»p with under /PFlrHWfisW,ljlfih order to turn it to some merely worldly account. These are they who take from the words of God's book, Their doom is that very doom which they denounce against others. I. pray that your Lord ship may not be numbered among them. ' And who, my Lord Bishop, is the Man of Sin, who presumes to usurp the place of the Most High, so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God'? Is it the Romish hierarchy, think you? Nay. The Papal dominion is not worthy to be accounted so eminent in wickedness. } will tell you who it is It is that multiplied incarnation of the spirit of evil which has battled under a million forms against the Church of Christ, from that day and from that hour when Jesus saw Satan as lightning cast down from heaven. It is the kingdom of the evil heart of unbelief which departed from the living God. It in the whole body of iniquity and belly of hell, having many heads and many hours, many mouths for cursing, and also some for the uttering of lying praises to God ; Lad which has rent in sunder and stamped with its feet all whatsoever it could read, which would not submit to its un- holy dominion, neither receive in their foreheads its hellish mark. How long shall men be told that God is no respecter of persons, but that whosoever receiveth His Word shall inherit eternal life? Where is it in Scripture often implied that a man must needs become a preacher if he receive the Holy Ghost The Holy Ghost is our Advocate, our Comforter, our Guide-the Universal Preacher, who, uses man's preaching instrumentally, not vitally, not saying, for salvation is of God only and man's best efforts are as likely to retard as to forward the work, unless they be both prompted and afterwards sustained and directed by the continued operation of saving grace. The Holy Ghost, I say again, is not limited, not straitened; its energy worketh everywhere at all seasons, in all hearts, save in the reprobation, who will not hear, and it needed not that any man should help onward the glorious work. Lot the finite then cease in vain efforts to measure the Infinite let us humbly take for granted that as the universal call to Christ is unlimited, so the gift of God's Holy Spirit is unlimited and instead of evil and uncharitable arguments to prove that our brethren and neighbours do not inherit that gracious gift, let us rather strenuously enquire of our own hearts, and see whether we have it ourselves, for in the-search there is great gain That I may not, in the course of argumenta- tion be misapprehended in my views, I beg once more to repeat, that it is not against the Church of England in her substantial foundations that I lift up my voice. In her first day's God gave unto her a form of sound words for I do most fully believe that mere man could not unaided by the superintendence of the Holy Spirit have accomplished so mighty a work. But they were neither prophets nor Apostles by whom GotJ wrought and therefore their human infirmity aided by external pressure caused them to retain much offensive matter which really belongs to the Latin, not to the Anglican Church. Had they remained faithful to their first love, they would long ago have weeded out these obnoxious traits; but it has happened unto them ns unto others-" The fathers have eaten spur grapes, and the children's teeth are set on edge." Yea, in the gradual and fatal declension from their vows which we have witnessed, the props of the Church have at length cast aside the only enduring hope of their Church, and have made the commandment of God and the inspiration of the Holy Ghost secondary to the authority of their Bishops, as I have witnessed with my own ears. Against the apostacy I solemnly protest. And I plead for the love of God, which without limita- tion of sect or party is free to all. In my next paper on this important subject, Mr. Editor, I propose to examine carefully though briefly, the question of how far any modern Church ought to be guided by the authority of the Fathers. This much is certain ; many foolish and some false notions are yet perpetuated by reference to these men, whose chief claim to our veneration is that they are removed from our view, and therefore, to use a poetical phrase, in anything but a scriptural sense hallowed by antiquity. Now, antique y hallows not and I think it will require but few arguments to show that in setting up the ancient Fathers as a standard for imitation, or in borrowing doctrines or interpreta- tions from such persons we are deserting the fountain of living waters, and hewing out for ourselves cisterns used cisterns that will hold no water. -I am, Sir, your obedient Servant, THOMAS FORD. 