MISCELLANEOUS. Suicide in the Penitentiary — The Separate System — An inquest was held on Tuesday, by Mr Bedford, in the Penitentiary, Millbank, on the body of John Parry, aged 24, who committed suicide. The decased was couvicted at the Liverpool Sessions for stealing a sheet, and sentenced to seven years' transportation. He was ad mitted into the p'ison on the Gth in stant, and on Monday morning, about six o'clock, was found suspended in his cell to the gas-pipe, by a piece of cord and two handkerchiefs. lie had been dead some time He always appeared dull, and said he was not guily of the charge for which lie had been sen- tenced. I'JC '"""I"" nil" there had been several case3 of suicide lately in that prison, and he thought that some means might be adopted to prevent it for the futute. The coroner thought the authorities would take every precaution in their power hut li» his mind lite separate confinement which was carried out in that prison might have prral influence on men snum's. He would ask the Governor (Captain Groves ) what, in his opinion, was the e fleet of separate confinement on pri soners? Captain Groves said, if -he un- stood that question to put to him on oath, and by the judge of a public coutt, he should be bound to answer tt. The coroner observed that he considered it a fair question to be put. The jury had to decide on the cause of death, aud UU'V would use to near ii mw nieiu affected the prisoners. Captain Groves said. " Then I will answer it. I think that separate confinement for long periods is injurios to the tnind and health." The Governor also expressed a hope that if a report appeared, the circumstances under which his answer had been given would be stated The coroner thought it was a question which could be legally put, and that no one would complain of it. A verdict of temporary iusanil was returned. rtesurrecitan Story Located. — An old gentleman in the village of Hutton Rudby, Cleveland, Yotkshite, related n curious story of the ghost-like deeds of a certain parish-clerk, who officiated also as sexton, some years ago. It would appear that a married woman of the village having been given up for dead, was at length removed to the usual place of interment. Whether from som' implied wish on her part, or difficu)' in releasing it, the wedding ring,'"'" , - : ,i _ r. — This allowcu \o remain uu _ - ---- circumstance awakened the cn'tdity the parish- clerk, who, at tb lu,ur of midnight, crept cauDu'ly 10 lke new-made grave. IM'»b removed the earth, and unfcrev-d the coflin, he pro ceeded to tak« « ff llle r,n«> l,ul from the contracted state of the fingers was u liable to effect his purpose. Accord- itmly, with his pen-knife, he set about amputating the finger; but be ha J scarcely reached the bone, when, O horror ! the corpse bolted nearly up right in its coflin, »»t the same time ut tering a loud and dismal scream. The parish-clerk, who, by the bye, was a tailor, immediately darted homeward with the utmost speed, his hair brist ling on end. Meantime, the poor wo man, who had been unconsciously buried in a trance, alarmed at bet strenge and peculiar situation, directed her steps to her husband's tesidence, and knocked loudly at the door. What was her husband's amazement and con sternation to behold bis buried wife, in thmiiil »nd p rave -clothes, sl.mdnu at the door, calling for admittance. His fiut alarm having somewhat abated, lie proceeded to make farther inquiry, and was at length convinced that his true wife, in flesh and blood, had in reality returned from the lotnb. Afterwords, the-injured finger and the stale of the nrave. nuiilted suspicion to the par'uh- olcrk but the husband, instead of puoishing hire for allowing his wife to return from her last resliug place, ac tually presented him annually with a aC ill Hnnl linen fhe bpin? a linen manufacluier. — History of Clece- land, by J. IP . Ord. The Ba'dlie and a Quadruped. — The following singular case is said to to have occurred a shott time ago in a baitlie court, not above a hundred mites f _ . _ .1 . _ M A ILAISB A KAPVftnl A IPI irons uwurm £.» having occasion to summon her mis tress for non-payment of wages, the presiding magistrate, who had but re cently been invested with judicial power and dignity, after attentively. hra ingthe cirVs plain unvarnished tale, called upon the lady for her defence, which 1 was in substance nearly as follows: — I " My Lord, owing to the inexcusable I negligence of this girl, I have sustained a serious loss ; to her care was entrusted a favourite squirrel, on which I put great value, which she has suffered to escape from its cage, and that is the reason, and a sufficient one it »urely i> why I withheld her wages.' ' I'm afraid, ma'am. observed the worthy t : 1 1 /.I t.,,1 apAKatntrtfl UatUiC \UU1 |tlU»IJ UUk fltfcSV « with natural history) ' that will no do ; I you should hae clippit the wings o' the J creature, squirrel at ye ca' it, and then J he could no' hae ipade hi escape." I ' Clippit the wings of it, my lord 1' ex- 1 claimed the astonished lady, It was a I quadruped !' ' Quadruped here or quad- I ruped there,' continued the sapient and J determined baillie, yoo should jost I hae clippit the wings o it ; and accor dingly 1 maun e'en decern for the las sie' wages and expenses — Glasyoio Constitutional , The Burdens of Britain.— late facetious and pungent triiter, the Rev, Sydney Smith, looked upon our extra- 1 vacant government, and wrote as fol- I iows — " Not only is economy not I practised, hut it is despised ; and the J idea of it is connected with Jacobinism, 1 disaffection, and Joseph Hume, Every I rock in the ocean where a cormorant can he perched, is occupied by our troops — has a governor, deputy-go vernor, storekeeper, .deputy time keeper ; aud will soon have an arch deacon and a bishop — military col leges, with thirty-four professors edu- eating seventeen ensigns per annum, being half an ensign lor each professor, with every species of nonsense, ntlilc lie, saiterial. and plumigeroos.. A jnst and necessary war costs this country about £100 per minute , whipcord £15,000; red tape, £0011; lace for drummers and lifers, £10,00); a Pen" siun to one man who has broken Lis , head at the pole ; to another who ha shattered his leg at the cqu .tor ; subsi dies to Persia ; secret moneys to 4 hibet, in annuity to Lady Henry Somebody ; and her seven daughters, the husband having been shot at some place where . we never ought to have had any sol- 1 diera at a'l, and the elder brother re turning four members to Parliament : — such a scene of extravagance, cor ruption, and expense, must paralyse the indusliy and inar the fortunes of the most industrious spirited people that ever existed." Alenmir af .Mr. .Mitchell. — From Punch. — Tli's individual, who lias lsit.K is.- titinn the world in the character of an Irish patriot was burn of bumble but bggf parents, who sent liiin to a Mr-all/,; where be received several of >J|ic-oitidy pings, which, h'd tliev ketll0|n )|avc ccono.iii-ed, might, ">Jft'lgcmi5lv, and been spared most jj£,v al o.e present come in very jtchVU evinced, in period. \ ""predilection for learning ; e.riy ',,,'i<l,11j-S)Clln0UfUows wcic engaged h .1 YC'ordViary tasks, he woul.i be fouad in one corner of t> c playg.ound, throwing u,» brandy-ball, and catching (hem drc/ni'y Li mouth, an incident to w!iicF«'e arc disj.oscd to attribute the fie,v piture of his eloquence, lie soon, ' /or, bege" to show a disposition ,-„r /rtding, and wc find him at the age 0f/ftcen in a state of frcnzicJ rapture fcT an i'histrntcd Edition of The Blood- lied Knight, which gaic the hue to his future character. Pet haps bow- ever, Lis mental condition to.-k it last complcumg stamp from the incident of tllC |)OI UUV >. one bound, from the pubfic hou»c yard to the arena of ooio- iety, by a mis- ch cvous a<d malignant piere of pea- shooting nt the Queen. Oxford bad fired the pistol, and the pistol had fired Mitchell to such an extent th.tbis brain —what there was of it — baeamo in flamed with a desire of heroic tnariyr- do;n. It is uue lint the whipping lau«e had not limn been added to the Ac: Tor dealing with the delinquencies mischievous urchimio n. or th re mig1 1 have hern n ulteraiion in Mitchell's views ; but the impress was given — lie had become in mi d and intellect, an- Irish Oxford, and no succeeding addi tion made by the lccislntuic tnthe penal s'atuie 'or tepressing turbulent snob-ism cnu'd rcstran him from hi, puerile p-o.m>itie. As he has been lately dg nified by being ma 'e t'.e subject of a govcrnim nl peisccuiion, the height of hi ambition must be presumed to ba'C been attained. It is to be hoped that his offence may be found to eo i;c ,.i < . .-,i. iU. wnmu some cairgorj a.j i>«ivu uic treadmill and a rigiJ course of hair- cutting may Lc applied. ' The Americans have invented a ' iall- roail sprinkler' for laying the dust on the passage of a train. It has. been tried on the Stoirngtoo Railway with complete successs, being considered use ful in several ways. For about for y; eight miles of rail two thousand galloti of water are requir d, which is ca'ried behind the tank that supplies the en gine, and the driver has the control of the valve through which the water flows. This plau produces great com fort to the passengeis, as the win- ( dows Can he left open in warm dry j weather without the annoyance or I dust. The .A ational Clock.— « hen com pleted, the Westminster Palace clock will be the most powerful one in the empire. Recording to the specification given in certain Parliamentary papers which have been published, it is to " strike ibe hours on a bell from eight to ten tons, and if practicable chime the quarters upon eight bells, and show the time upon four dials about thirty I feel in diameter.' AVhh the exception of a skeleton dial at Marines, tlje above dimensions surpjits those of any other I clock face in Europe. The dial of St. 1 Pan! is as yet the largest in this coun- I try wi.li a minute hand ; it is eighteen I fc'ct in diameter, The new one is to be 1 an eight day clock, and as perfect as possible. Its formation is to be under \he direction and approval of Mr. Airy the Astronomer Royal. Among the conditions drawn up by him ate these: — The frame to be of cast iron ; wheels of hard bell-metal, with steel spindles, working in bell-metal bearings, and to be separately shipped and unshipped. Accuracy of movement to be insured by desd-beat escapement, compensating pendulum, and going fusee. The first I blow ofthe hammer, when striking the hour, to be within u second of true time Gclvanic communication will probably I be established' with Grcenwiclr Obser- I vatory. Te four sets of bands, with the motion wueei!t u n« ueen caicuiavcu, will weigh 12cwt. ; and the head of the hammer 200 lbs ; tbe weights from ISO lbs. to 300 lbs ; and the pendulum bob, 3 cwf. One of the candidates pro- poses to jewel the escapement pallet with sapphires. The motion of the i minute-hand is not 1o be constant ; it I will move once every twenty seconds, when it will go over a space of nearly four inches. The papers alluded to contain the names «f three candidates I for the honour making ihe national I clock — Mr. Yulliaiiiy, Mr. Dent, and 1 Mr. Whitehurst of Dcrhv. Two esti- mates have been ent in, one for £1C00 the other, £33".'. " As it is in tended." says the Astronomer Royal. that this clock should be one of whicb the tiMioti may he proud. I wnulJ pro pose that the access to it should be a food one, and even slightly ornamented. : and that facility should he given to the : - 1 i ,i n nf the clock bv mechanics 'and by foreigners." — The Builder. 