DID THE ANGLICAN CHURCH. REFORM : HERSELF P (From the Dublin Review.) n NL(on UDED FROM OUR LAST.)' .On e27th of January, 1517, Henry died, and wais'succeeded by s only son, Edward, little more than nine years old. From tly t moment the Reformation proceeded rapidly, without interrup tion or impediment. There was no longer a monarch on the throne, whose theological knowledge or prejudice kept in awe the spirit of innovation ; the headship of the Church, with all its duties and cares, all its powers and prerogatives, had fallen on a child ; and that child was a mere puppet in the hands of the metropolitan and his associates of the council,-all of them patrons of the new learning, as it was called, either through belief in its doctrines, or the expectation of profit from its ascendency. Cranmer could now command, even while he appeared only to obey ; he could enjoin in the name of the sovereign what would have been rejected by the episcopal bench, had it come to them under no other authority than his own. His first step was to draw them into a recognition of the same spiritual supremacy in the young prince, which they had be fore admitted in his father. On the ground that his own com mission had expired with the monarch who gave it, he solicited and obtained from Edward another commission within a week from the proclamation of the new sovereign. His example proved to his brethren what was expected from them ; and the successors of the apostles crowded round the boy on the throne, acknowledging, as their leader had done, that he was "* the only source of all manner of temporal and spiritual jurisdiction within 'the realm," and re ceiving from his hand new commissions, with the renewal of their powers, in the very same words, which, as we have already noticed, so deeply shocked the orthodoxy of Mr. Palmer in the case of Bonner, in the last reign. The same consequences followed To probe the sincerity of the bishops, they were suspended from the exercise of their jurisdiction, till the king should think proper to restore it ; and several classes of commissioners, mostly laymen, were appointed to v:sit their different dioceses. In a short time in junctions with respect to images, ceremonies, holidays, and Church service, were issued in the name of the head of the Church; in-' quisitors of heretical pravity were commissioned by him ; illegal courts were established for the deprivation of refractory prelates vacant benefices and bishoprics were filled with professors of the " new learning :" a reformed manner of administering the sacra ment was ordered to be observed ; the old liturgy was superseded by a new one ; the old ordinal by a new one ; the old articles of doctrine by new ones ; and six years later, when Edward d:ed, nothing was wanting to complete the Reformation but a new code of canon law ; and that was ready for the press, but had not yet re ceived the king's signature or royal approbation. VWe'have 'not space to follow the Oxford theologians through'these manifold changes, nor time to exhibit to the admiration of the reader the ingenuity with which Mr. Palmer contrives-to accommo date them to the favourite doctrine of his party,-that we have still the same Church of England reforming herself ; with which view he sometimes appeals to an insulated passage, at others to a muti lated quotation ; now he justifies the silent acquiescence of the Church, because she was not called tpon to express an opinion ; then lie justifies the innovation itself, because the Church had either approved of it by her consent in convocation, or might be supposed to have approved by her silent acquiescence. One proceeding only does he condemn, the deprivation of the bishops Bonner, Ga diner, Heath, Day, and Tunstall, which he has the honesty to abandon as utterly indefensible. We mean to levy a much lighter tax on the patience of our readers, by merely laying .before them the state Hof the English Church at the death of Edward, and requesting them to judge from the comparison, whether both can, with any appearance of reason, be taken for the -same Church ; whether the Reformation in England was only (that we' may return to the elegant illustration of Dr. Hook,) the washing of a person's face in the morning, or in reality the substitution of one individual for another, with very dihlerent figure, features, and com plexion. . It is no easy' matter to discover what is requisite inj the' oiinion of the Oxford teachers, to constitute the identity of a Church. - Locality is out 'of the question ; if that were sufficient, the Presbyterian Church 'of' Scotlandl at the present day would be the same with' the prelatic Church of Scotland of Catholic times. To us it appears; that, since a certain form of Government, and of woishipi afid of doctrine, 'is essential to the existence of every Church, sameriess of government,.and worship, and doctrine, -are requisite to establish the identity of a local Church at different periods. Certain we are, that when no such. sameness in-any one of these three branches has been suffered to remain,.the so-much boasted identity wilhs in the judgment of every reasonable man, have also ceased to exist. 1\. Now, then, with respect toC'hurchgovernnient. -the Church of England.'at the commencement of 'Henry's reign, admitted in the bishop of- Rome, apprimacy of order, and jurisdiction throughout the Catholic =Church, and iconsequently within this realm; the Chliirch:at the close:'ofkEdward!'sreign had abjured the spiritual' suliremacy- bfo-thee pontiff, as-an unsurpation and a tyranny; and *had transferred it to the.- rown, whosoever might wear that cro n, young or old, male or female,. infidel or believer,, In the former Church it was acknowledged that the bishops inherited from Christ the spiritual authority requisite for the government of thier re spective dioceses, and that they were bound in duty to exerciseit independently of any temporal authority. In the more recent Church, the bishops were the mere creatures of the crown, appointed like civil officers by patent. Theinstrument ran in these words: " We name, make, create, constitute, and declare,'N. 'bishop of N. to have and to hold to himself the said bishopric during the term of .his natural life, if for so long a time he behave himself well'therein; and we empower him to confer orders" to institute to'livings,-to' exercise all manner of ecclesiastical jurisdiction,' and to do all that appertains to the episcopal or pastoral office, overand above the thihgs known to have been 'committed to liim by God in the Scriptures, in place of us, in our name;.and by our royal'authority:" He was .next consecrated after anew `form, devised' by the arch bishop, a form, however, the validity of which was warmly disputed; and then suffered to enter upoin'his episcopal duties, but still liable to be suspended at any moment from the excercise of his authority, at the pleasure of the royal visitors, and under the obligation of conforming, and of making others conform, to any injunctions on spiritual matters, which might be delivered to him as emanating from the' head of the Church.. With bishops of this description, it is plain that the whole government of the Church was in the hands of those w ho had possession of the infant king. 2nd. Sameness of worship. The old Church followed, in the public worship, ceitain well known forms, which had been in con stanttusefor many centuries. In the new Chuich, every thing was altered, The ancient ceremonies were with very few exceptions abolished ; the habits of the officiating ministers were thrown aside, the service was read from another part of the church,'the altar was turned -into a tablethe former 'ordinal was superseded by a new one, and the sacrifice of the mass, although authorized at first, was expelled, to make room for a new liturgy. We have no concern here with the merit 'or demerit of these changes; our object is merely to remind our readers that they were made, and that of course the sameness of worship was destroyed. In virtue of an order with the royal signature, a book of common prayer was also composed, the king recommended it to the notice of the lords and commons in parliament : both houses joined in attributing it to the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and the use of it .in every church was enjoined, and opposition to it forbidden, under penalties increas ing in amount for every repetition of the offence.' The next year it was republished with a few alterations ; still it did not satisfy the reforming zeal of Bucer, Peter Martyr, John Alasco, :nd other foreign divines, whose influence over the accommodating mind of Archbishop Cranmer Mr. Palmer feelingly deplores; and in less than four years it came forth again in a new edition, with more important alterations, which caused it to differ still more widely from the old liturgy, and from every other liturgy, that had ever existed, either in-the western or eastern Church. Player for the dead was now dropped out of the communion- service, and of the office for burial ;:several unctions and ceremonies in the adminis tration of baptism and confirmation: and the visitation of the sick, were omitted ;- and great care was taken to exclude from the liturgy the several allusions which it still retained to the real presence of. Christ in the eucharist. In this shape the book was republished, and enjoined to be used for the daily service. Certainly it would be diflicult to devise two forms of worship more widely different than that of the old and this of the new Church. 3rd.' Sameness of doctrine. With respect to the doctrine of the old Church there can be no doubt. All agree- that she taught the very same' doctrines which were afterwards embodied in the creed of Pius IV. " Those very points;" says Dr. Bramhall, " which Pius JIV. comprehended in a new symbol or creed, were obtruded upon us before, by his predecessors. as necessary articles of the Roman faith, and required as necessary' articles of their communion." The doctrines of the new Church may be learned from the fory-tico arti cles published in the last year of the reign of Edward. Compare the two, andlyou will find that if they agree in several points, they also contradict each other in several, and that religious opinions are sanctioned in the latter, which would have subjected their advocates' to the penalties of heresy during the prevalence of the former. But here we are unexpectedly'met by the new theologians, denying the authority of the 'forty-two articles, and declaring that " no new formulary of doctrine whatever- was published by authority of the Church during the whole reign of Edward." What ! were they riot published under the title of " Articles, which were agreed to in the synod of London, in the year 1552, by the bishops and other godly and learned men, to root out discord of opinions, and estab lish the agreement of true religion P" Undoubtedly they were, but this title, they tell us, was a pious fraud, employed by the council to induce a belief that the articles had been approved in convocation, whereas they were only approved by some of the members, whilst the convocation was sitting ; a fraud of which 'the archbishop of course. was innocent, and which he severely condemned, Well, be it so, to our argument it matters little. Certain it is, that the arti cles were published by authority of the head 'of the'Church, and at 'the petition of the archbishop ; that the clergy of every diocese were ordered to subscribe to them ; and that the'universities were for bidden to admit any man to his degree till he had sworn that " lie would look upon them as true and certain, and would defend them in all places as agreeing with the word of God." W hat better authority than this, was there for most of the religious innovations which had been established P Nor can it avail Mr. Palmer, to' 'assert as he does, that the articles were "only subscribed by a few clergymen in Canterbury, Norwich, and London, and in the univer sity of Cambridge, who were solicited but not compelled by the bishops Cranmer and Ridley." It is painful to notice this miserable subterfuge. Because the only records of the subscription, which have been preserved, regard these four places, it is assumed as a fact that no subscriptions took place anywhere else, though it is plain' from these very records that the same orders were transmitted to every diocese in the kingdom: and because Cranmcr said :that lie had not compelled any to subscribe (and said it with truth, for lie had not the power to compel, according to lawi) -Itis insinuated that the subscriptions were spontaneous, though the fact is, that all were summoned to subscribe. and were informed that the names of the refusers 'would be returned to the council, " that further' order rr.iglit be taken with them 'by the king and his council." There is no doubt that the whole proceeding was arranged after the precedent 'set' by Henry VIII., when lie sought to obtain the acknowledgment of'his supremacy without the qualifying clause, and with the rejec tion of the papal supiemacy. It was intended, first, to procure the subscriptions of the clergy in every dioceise by virtue of the royal 'command, and then to confirm the articles by act of parliament, under the pretext that they had already been adopted 'by the whole' body of the clergy. 'T le scheme was defeated :by the death of the king, before parliament could be assembled, so that the civil penal 'tIes could not lawfully be in llictedl on the non-subscribers: but the articles themselves were considered from that time as the authorised creed of the Reformed Church of England, and continued to be so considered under Elizabeth, until they were corrected and improved. in the convocation of 1562. i1f,. then, the reader consider how widely the English Church of Edwaid diftered in'Government and worship, and doctrine fiom the Church of the first years of his father Henry, he must come to the conclusion, that they could not he one and the same Church. As well might you maintain the identity of the present Church of England with the present Church of Rome; for the diifTerence be tween them is not greater. We proceed *to the reign of Mary,'. the successor of Edward,, under whose sceptre the new Church wasaswept away, and the old Church restored. 1st. The five bishops, so unjustly.deprived to make room for reformers under Edward, recovered their.sees.. On the attainder of Cranmer for treason in the attempt to. place Lady Jane Grey on the throne, the archbishopric was considered vacant, and the administration resumed by the chapter of the cathedral, Hol ;ate of York,: and Bird of Chester, were deprived, because. having taken the monastic vows, they had nevertheless contracted marriage de facto, though they ought not de.jure;e; Taylor, Hooper, Harley,; and Ferrar, calling themselves huishops of Lin coln, Worcester, Hereford, and St. David's were, removed, on ac count of the nullity of their consecration, the defect of their title, (a patent from the king, with the clause limiting their office to the time of their good behaviour) and for divers other causes ; and Barlowe of Bath and Wells, with Bush of Bristol, hardly escaped the same fate by a timely resignation. In this manner all the men of the new learning were drawn from the episcopal bench, and their places were speedily filled by others attached to the ancient worship. `2nd.' In the 'first year of the queen, an act was passed, repealing all the statutes on religious matters, enacted during the nonage of her late brother ; which at once rendered illegal the use of the book of common'prayer, that of the new ordinal, the marriage-of priests, communion under both kinds, and every other innovation recently established by authority, of parliament ; and placed religion on ex actly the same footing cn which it had stood at the demise of Henry VIL[. Afterwards, in the first and second of Phillip and Mary, another act was passed, repealing in like manner the statutes on religious matters enacted during the reign of Henry, whiclratorice abolished the royal supremacy, and restored to the pope all' that jurisdiction and authority which lie had formerly possessed within the realm. Thus religion was now replaced *on exactly the same footing on which it had stood before the quarrel of Henry with the apostolic see. The same religious government, the same' religious worship, the same religious doctrine prevailed. What then are we to say of the Church of England under Mary.? Was it the same Church with the Cht rcli under Edward, or the same' with the Church at the accession of Henry P It is difficult to' extort a pre cise answer from the patrons of the Oxford doctrines,' and the rea son is evident; if they admit the Church under Mary, there is an end to their claim to apostolic succession. The 'chain is broken. They cannot trace their descent from that Church; they cannot by hook or by crook connect themselves with it. Hence they tell us, that under Mary, every rule of ecclesiastical polity was violated; that unjustifiable changes were made by the influence of the queen and of Gardiner, and that the Church of England was opposed by schismatical prelacy. and clergy. It may be sufficient to reply that no innovation in matters of doctrine, or worship, or discipline, was introduced by the civil power during. Mary's reign. The queen laid no claim tothie Government of the Church: that, like all her predecessors she left to the Church itself. She employed her autho rity only to undo what had been done by royal authority in the reigns of her father and brother ; and the parliament only repealed what had been recently enacted by preceding parliaments. The consequence was, that every innovation of tire reformers was cleared away, and the religion of former clays became again, without fur ther enactment part and parcel of the law of the land. The accession of Elizabeth, the successor of Mary,. was followed by another revolution in the Church. During the reign of her sister, Elizabeth had conformed ; but the circumstances of her birth, and the adverse claim of Mary Stuart set forth by the king of France, the father-in-law of that princess, induced her to listen to the suggestions of those counsellors, who rmraintained that the preservtaion of the crown was incompatible with the existence of that religious form which proclaimed her a bastard. Tihe`resolution was tcken, preliminary measures were cautiously adopted, and in her parliament all enactments of the last reign on religious matters were repealed, and the statutes passed under Henry ViII in dero gation of the papal authority.and in the reign of Edward in favour of the Reformed service, were recalled into force. It was enacted that the book of common prayer, with certain additions and emendations, should alone be used by the ministers in all churches, under the penalties of forfeiture, of deprivation, and of deathi; that the spiritual authority of every foreign prelate within the realm should be utterly abolished ; the jurisdiction' necessary for the correction of errors, heresies, schisms, and abuses, should be annexed to the crown, with the power of delagating such jurisdic tion to any person or persons whatsoever, at the' pleasure of the sovereign ; that the penalty of asserting the papal authority should ascend, on the repetition of the offence, from the forfeiture of real and personal property, to perpetual imprisonment, and from per petual imprisonment to death, as it was' inflicted in cases of high treason ; and that all clergymen taking orders, or in possession of livings, all magistrates and inferior officers, having fees or wages from the crown, all laymen suing out the livery of their lands, or about to do homage to tIre queen, should,. under pain of deprivation, or incapacity, take the oath, declaring her: to.be supreme governor in all ecclesiastical or spiritual things, or causes, as well as tenmporal, and renouncing all foreign ecclesiastical or spiritual jurisdiction or "authority whatsoever, 'within the realm." With respect to these enactments it may be remarked,-Ist. That the parliament under Elizabeth did not follow the preerdent set by the parliament under Mary. It did not merely repeal 'tire acts of for mer' parliaments, but also passed laws, which had for their object the establishment of forms of worship, and the exercise of spiritual jrarrisdictiimn ; 2d.'thrat all this was done, not withr thre approbation, but in defiance of the Church. Every, bishop in tire hrotuse voted against these bills :the convocation puesented a confession of faith, and protested against thre competency of any lay assembly to pro nounce on matters of doctrine, worship, and discipline; and botlr tire universities came to thre aid of the convocation, and subscribed tlresame confession. Even tire opposition among thre lay members of tire House of Lords was nrore powerful than on any previous oc casion,and, if tircact in favotir of tire book of common prayer passed rt last, it was only by a majority of three ; and 'that small majority .could not hiave been obtaimned, had not two of the bishrops beelr inipri soned to dejur ive them of their votes, and five commoner s of tire Re formed principles been previously raised to tire peerage. Now these enactments aRe tire basis 'On Whicir the present Church of England was raised; does it not then follow that it is a parliamen tairy Church, in tire foundation of whinch, no ecclesiastical authrority had any concern P But lied not tire Church of England 'a" hierarchy, which if we may believe thre Oxford divines', traces its descent in a direct line from thre apostles P The presefrt'Clrurch of England was founded by the enactments just menitioned, in March and April of' 1659; it possessed no hierarchy till tlre'fullowing morrth of December, on tire 17th day of whrichr Dr. Parker was consecrated Arcirbisirop of Canterbury, by 'whom all thre otlrer prelates of 'the new Church were afterwards confirmed or consecrated.' Thrat the present bishops, then, may trace their descent to him, is certain': if they, pretend to to go further, it is only through him that they can claim. How then did he become a successor of the apostles P The succession might'continue in other churches. because in them there were bish op)s ; in this it could not, because in this, before the 17th bf Decem ber, there was no bishop. Let us then -inquire how the difficulty was overcome; by what ingenious process it was contrived to hook Dr. Parker on to the apostolic chain. Sooti lifter the dissolution, the council summoned before them the bishops who had attended the parliament, and required them to take thieouitl of supremacy. With the single exception of Kitchen of Lan daff, they'refused ; and for that refusal, in the course of the two fol lowing, months, all were deprived by commisioners, whom the queen, after the example of Henry and Edward, had appointed to visit the several dioceses. That such refusal was-not a canonical, but only a legal offence, created in the late parliament, is evident; and how, on that account, the bishops could forfeit their spiritual authority by the judgment of the civil power, it is not easy to com prehend. After this, it became the great object of the government ao provide a new hierarchy for the new Church. The archiepiscopal see of Canterbury had remained vacant, since the death of Cardinal Pole, on the 17th or 18th of December ; and on the 18th of July, the Queen, by a congd d'elire, granted permission to the dean and chapter to proceed to the election of an archbishop. The first of August was the (lay appointed ; seven out of twelve members re fused to attend; four met the dean, Dr. Wotton, pronounced judg ment of contumacy against the absent, and subscribed an instru ment by which they bound themselves to, approve whomsoever the dean should name. He named Dr. Matthew Parker, who when he re ceived the official information of his election at Lambeth -for he had already been put in possession of the archiepiscopal palace-replied to the deputies, that lie gave.his consent lest " he should seem to resist the Divine will, or to' disobey her majesty's good pleasure, who had recommended him to the dean and chapter." But tnow was the elect to procure confirmation and consecration in conformity with the provisions of the stitute of the 25th of Henry VIII.,. which, though it had been repealed under Queen Mary, had been re-enacted in the last parliament P On the 9th of September a precept was issued in the queen's name to Cuthbert, (Tunstall) bishop of' Durham, Gilbert; (Bourne) bishop of Bath and Wells, David, (Pool) bishop of Peterbourgh, Anthony, (Kitchen) bishop of Landau, William Barlowe, bishop, and John Storey, bishop,.. ordering them to confirm and consecrate the archbishop elect,. and, to perform all things necessary, according to the laws and customs of the realm. The reader will notice the difference of style in the titles of these persons. The three first had not attended parliament; the oath of supremacy had not been tendered to them, and in conse quence they were bishops. according to law, and in the actual possession of their bishoprics. So was Kitchen ; and, therefore, if all these should concur in obedience to the precept,-the confirmation and consecration 'would be performed in strict conformity with the statute. Barlowe and Scorey were styled bishops only, because they possessed no bishoprics. Barlowe, to escape deprivation under Mary, had resigned, and written with great severity against the Reformation. Scorey had been intruded, in the time of Edward, into the bishopric of Chichester, in the place of Day, and of course had been ousted on the restoration of that prelate under Mary. . He had then done penance, renounced his marriage, and received absolution ; after which, he was permitted to resume his former duties as a priest. These two were probably added to the com miission, that, if one or two of the others should refuse to act, they might, as assistants, supply the place of the absent. It appears, however, that the bishops in possession did not obey the royal mandate the twenty days within which they were bound to act, were suffered to pass over without consecration or confirmation and the very next day, September the 29th, Tunstall of Durham was deprived. It was, perhaps, hoped that his fate might make impression on his colleagues, Pool and Bourne; 'if so, those hopes were disappointed-, and in *the month of November thay also sulffred deprivation. There now remained but one bishop within the realm in the actual exercise of episcopal authority, and the statute required four for the confirmation and consecration of an archbishop. There were, indeed, several Protestant prelates, who, under Mary, had resigned, or been deprived of their bishoprics ; but, were such persons who possessed no power as bishops, competent' to perform episcopal duties P After much consultation, a new form' of precept was de vised, with an additional clause, in which ")ie queen, out of the plentitude of her royal power was made to supply every defect in the quality or the proceedings of the commissioners, ." time and necessity so requiring." The instrument, in this state, was sub mitted to the consideration of six eminent doctors of law, who replied in the following words : "" We whose names are here under subscribed, think in our judgments that by this commission in this' form penned, as well the queen's majesty may lawfully authorize the persons within named to the effect specified, as that the said persons may exercise the act of confirming and consecrating to them committed." From the whole of this proceeding, and from the tenor of the opinion thus given, we may fairly infer, that, what. ever may be.thought'pf tle matter by the Oxford teachers now, the question was considered as one of considerable difficulty then ; that no attempt was made to justify the employment of these com missoners, on any other ground than the urgency of the case; and that recourse was had to the omnipotence of the queen, not because she possessed any such power by the law of the Church, or. of the state, but because, without the assumption and exercise of it, the new Church would have to be governed by bishops who had never re-. ceived any manner of episcopal consecration whatsoever. On the 6thi December a precept in the proposed form was issued to seven persons, four of whom-the number required by law-had already engaged to act under it. These were Barlowe, now styled' elect of Chiclioster, and Scorey, now elect of Bath and Wells, with whom.the reader is already acquainted ; and Coverdale, who, on the y forced resignation of Voisey, in the reign of Edward, had been 'I placed inr the see of Exeter, and had afterwards been comipelled to quit it on the restoration of that prelate in the reign of Mary; and Hodgkins, who under Hen ry had been the sutfragari of Bedford. On the 9th, the commissioners met in the Court of Arches, and'a pronounced a definitive judgment' comfirmatory of the 'election of Parker; and at the same time supplied, by the-royal' authority, of which they were the delegates, every defect which, there might be in their manner of pioceeding, or in the quality, status, or power of all or any of them, or in any point prescribed by the laws of the Church or of the State; the'circumstance of the time, and the no cessity of the case so requiring. Eight days later they proceeied to the consecration of the archbishop in 'the chapel at Lambeth ; and in return on the 20th confirmed the elections of Barlolve and Scorey, In virtue of a similar precept, with the siame supplemenitary and sanatory clause. Was 'there not somethinig very like a vicious 'circle in this proceeding P T/sep first confjr'med bis election. thena hse confirmed theirs.'* However, the circumstance of the time,'and the necessity of the case, 'were held to be a sufficient justification. In fact, a kind of consciousness seemns to have been felt, that there 'existed a radical defect in the process' from the very beginning ; fort iuring-thie next-six years, on every confirmatiqn and, consecration. .I of a new bishop, the same healing clause was inserted in the com mission to the metropolitan. At length, in 1566, it was. declared by act of parliament that the queen being in possession of all juris dictions, privileges, superiorities. and lore-eminences, spiritual and ecclesiastical, exercised by her predecessors, and having, by her supreme power and authority, dispensed with all causes or doubts of any imperfection or disability in the confirmation and consecra tion-of bishops, made in virtue of her letters- patene, therefore all acts and thiugs heretofore had, made, or done on those occasions, were and should be judged and deemed good and perfect to all respects and purposes, Oniy matter or thing that could or might be objected to the contrary thereof in anywise, notwithstanding." Frorm that period every doubt was supposed to have been taken away, and the clauc supplying all defects was discontinued. But here it must not be forgotten that not only the compe tency of the consecrating ministers, but also the form of conse cration which they employed, was called in question. The form was acknowledged to be illegal; by many it was judged to be invalid. When, in answer to a question by Cecil, Parker had written in his letter, " the order of king Edward's book is to be observed ;" the secretary added the following note on the margin, " this book is not established by parliament." For it had happened that by some. unaccountable oversight, the act which authorised the use of the book of common prayer, had omitted all mention of the ordinal. There was, however, no alternative. Both the Catholic form and the new form had been abolished by statute, yet one must be adopted -and the latter of course was preferred. But still the question remains, was it of itself a valid form or not ? We do not mean to open the controversy, but must state the fact. Its validity was as warmly denied by the men of the old, as it was maintained by the mern of the new learning ; and during the last reign, several of Edward's bishops, consecrated with it, were deposed on the ground that they had never received the episcopal character : ob nullitatetn consecrationis occurs repeitelly in the records of the time. How then stands the case with respect to Dr. Parker P He was conse crated by men without any spiritual authority of their own, or any delegated to- them by others possessing such authority-by men who had no communion with any one of those whom the Oxford teachers acknowledge to have been at that moment the real sue cessors of the apostles ; he received his commission from men who held no commission themselves, and therefore could give none. There is a fact which- must still be fresh in the memory of many of our readers, the deprivation most justly deserved of the Right Reverend. Dr. Jocelyn. He had been, in the opi nion of our opponents, one of the successors of the apostles ; for his misconduct the other successors of the apostles deprived him of the exercise of his apostleship ; they took from him his commission : they ousted him from. their company. If Dr. Jocelyn, notwith standing. were to consecrate another person as biishop. would the new prelate become a successor of the apostles, a link in the chain of apostolical successionaP We do not think that any man will have the hardihood to assert it. Now, the consecrators of Dr. Parker were in the same situation as Dr. Jocelyn. They either resigned, or forfeited, or never possessed the episcopal commission; they were rejected and disowned by the acknowledged successors of the apos ties ; how then could they communicate such commission or such succession to another I H'enice, we are convinced, that every im partial man, who .considers the want of spiritual authority on the part.of theconsecrators, coupled with the doubt of validity in the form of conscesation, the claim of Dr. Parker to apostolical succes sion must appear very problematical. He was appointed archbishop by authority of the queen in X-559: he was confirmed as archbishop by the authority of parliament in 1566. These are his real titles; his descent from the apostles must be built on that frail and trea. cherous foundation laid in the royal wat rant, " the circumstance of the time, and the necessity-of.the case." . . There remains another favourite doctrine of the Oxford school, 1 which we must be allowed to notice before we conclude this article -the paradoxical doctrine that we Catholics *,went out from them," not they from us; that we, who still preserve the faith and worship of the old Church,are in effect separatists from the men whose very name of Protestants bears evidence that they are dissenters from that same faith and worship. Let the reader attend to Mr. Palmer. " Finally, the Romish party in these countries committed schism, in separating from the communion of the Church,and the obedience of their legitimate pastors in the reign of Elizabeth. It is certain that during the reigns of Henry VIII and his successors, until the eleventh year of Queen Elizabeth's reign, there were not two sepa rate communions and worships in England. All the people were subject to the same pastors,attended the same churches, and rceived the same sacraments. It was only about 1570, that the Romish party, at the instigation of foreign emissaries, separated itself, and ( fell from the Catholic Church of En'gland." If we understand this passage, it assumes as an indisputable fact, the moment the sentence of deprivation was pronounced against the Catholic bishops and clergy by the delegates appointed for that pur- r pose by Elizabeth, they lost their commission, their spiritual autho. ( rity, and all the rights they derived from Christ; and that of course the Church of which they were the ministers immediately ceased to exist. Now, this is certainly incompatible with the doctrine t of the new school. '- So entirely independent," says Dr. Hook, " is the Church (as the Church) of the state, that were all connexion between the Church and state to cease, the Church, as the Church, would continue precisely as she now is ; that is, our bishops, though deprived of- temporal rank, would still exercise all those spiritual v functions, which, conferred by higher than human authority, no C liuman authority can take away; and our liturgy, even though we t were driven to the upper rooms of our towns, or to the very caves -of the desert, would still be solemnized." Now, the hypothetical t case- here put by Dr. Hook actually took place in the beginning d of the reign of Elizabeth. The connexion between the existing s Church and the state was severedl by act of parlianient, and by the ti execution of that act. But the Church still existed. The bishops, ti though deprived of temporal rank, still possessed their spiritual pow ers ; clergymen were still found to attend at such celebration even ti " in upper rooms, and the caves of the desert.' p -But Mr. Palmer persuades himself that lie has proof of his as- ti sertion. He appeals to Lord Coke in 1007, who said that " not s one Papist refused-to come to church during the fist ten years of Elzabeth," to a speech of Sir Edward Coke in 1600. who said that " before the bull of Pius V all came to church to the same divine t service now in use ;" and to the queen's instructions to Washing- t ham in 1570, in which she was made to say that " they (lid ordina- s rily resort from the beginning of tier reign in all open places to the d churches, and to divine worship in the church, without contradic- o tion or shew of misliking." But, it should be remembered that a these instructions were the work of the astucious Cecil, and were r drawn 'upto enable the ambassador to excuse or rebut the charge ofi persecution made against the queen in the Court of France ; c and that it was to them that Lord Coke, or Sir Edward Coke, a (for both are the same Individual.) was indebted for the information which lie details in his speeches. Now, as we naturally distrust the c evidence of- the accused in their-own favor, let us try its truth by e the test of facts. .1set. With respect to the Catholic clergy, all. the a .bish~ops living but one was deprived; the nanxes of almost two s hundred clergymen have descended-to us, of prebendaries, heads of I colleges, and dignitaries of the Church, who were also deprived; besides these, it is plain that hundreds must have undergone the 1 same fate, from the long and numerous lists in Rymer of presen r tations by the queen to prebends, rectories, and vicarages, vacant by 3 the deprivation of the last incumbent. Does Mr. Palmer believe that the men, who refused the oath giving the supremacy to the I queen, nevertheless renounced the Papal supremacy ; that notwith standing their deprivation, they joined the communion of those by whom they had been deprived P T'he absurdity of the thing is its own refutation. There then existed at this time a numerous body of Catholic clergy. 2nd. In the next place, with respect to the i laity ; we continually meet with complaints to the council during the period in question, of the boldness and the disobedience of. the Papists in dilf rent counties. Were these Papists members of the Established Church P Scarcely a year passed in which we do not find occasional mention of imprisonment and fine inflicted for the crime of attending mass. Were the sufferers Protestants P It is, indeed, true that the great mass of the people attended the same churches as before; and the reason was, thit the celebration of the Catholic liturgy had been put down by pain and penalties ; and that absence from the parish church any Sunday or holiday, was punished with a fine of one shilling, levied by the churchwarden for the use of the poor. But the question is, were all who attended, members of the new Church P We learn from many papers of .the time, that they were not; that they sought to compromise the matter with their conscience, by arguing, that their presence was a civil,, not a religious presence; an attendance in obedience to the law, not for the purpose of worship; that they joined not in prayer with the minister, but prayed after the old form, if they prayed at all that, though their bodies were there, their hearts were yet far away. Certainly it cannot be pretended that such men were members of the parliamentary Church; whence it will follow that, even during the first eleven years of the queen,there existed in the realm anumerous body of the Catholic clergy, aad multitudes of Catholic laymen. the same who professed the Catholic faith during the reign of Mary,. and continued in the profession of the same faith, and the exercise of the same. worship, though with caution and secrecy, " in upper rooms, and the caves of the desert," under her Protestant successor. The fact is, that the government felt little anxiety at occasional. maifestations of Catholic feeling on the part of the people. They had the Catholic bishops in safe ;custody ;. so that, though these prelates might secretly perform certain acts of spiritual authority,, they could not confer orders; whence it was plain that in the course of a few years the Catholic worship must expire with the Catholiceclergy. But of this pleasing anticipation they were de prived by the promptitude and foresight of Dr. Allen, who opened an English college at Douai, and was followed by zealous imitators in several other places. Thither the Catholic youth resorted for education ; there many received holy orders: and thence they re turned to their native country to replace the priests of Queen Mary's reign. To defeat this plan for the perpetuation of Catholicity among us, it was made the crime of high-treason to take holy orders in a foreign country, and felony, without benefit of clergy, to harbour a person so ordained ; and then it was pretended, in justification of these bloody enactments, that such missionaries were the distur bers of the peace of the Church, the revivers of a sect which was previously extinct. Honor, however, be to their memory, much as they were perse cuted then, and miscalled as they are now, by the name of " foreign emissaries." They were not foreigners, but, natives, canonically ordained and commissioned to bring the consolations of religion tb their desolate countrymen, to the seven thousatid Israelites, " who had refused to bend the knee to Baal." In the face of the rack. the halter, and the knife, they boldly performed this charitable duty, saved from utter destruction the ruins of that Church, which had' been founded by Augustine and his companions, and preserved for us "the deposit of faith," the first blessings in this life, the best inheritance transmitted to us by our fathers. It is with gratitude and triumph that we look back to the labors and the sufferings of these men, whilst we pity the workings of that spiritual pride, which feels a gratification in painting them, the successors of 'our ancient clergy, as schismatics and separatists from a Church of th date of yesterday. Respicere ignoto discant pendentia tergo. 