MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. LECrUIîE ON PAINIINQ. A lecture on Painting,' in which the peculiar provinces of History, Poetry, and Sculpture were also noticed, was delivered in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute, on Friday evening last, by B. Duterrcau, Esq. Treating poesy as the sister of painting, which with sculpture are the evidences of civilization, tiie lecturer proceeded to the consideration of the subject in a very perspicuous manner. The principal and most important point urged as necessary to constitute a good painter, was described as a taste and correct appreciation of the sublime and. beautiful in nature, without which perception all would be blind and rash barbarism, although, on'the other hand, he did not consider it was sufficient to imitate nature in every circumstance in a painting, but to render those beauties in a manner subservient to the painter's purpose, freely correcting them by the dint of his own genius, and permitting no transient beauties to escape his observation. ' The choice of subject should be beautiful and/ noble-of itself capable of displaying all the chatjns and graces colouring and design were calculated lo impart. The power of transferring this mental picture to canvas, invention, was described [as a kind of muse, which being possessed of the other common advantages enjoyed by her si-ters, anti warmed with a celestial fire, occupied u higher station, and shone with a more glorious, brighter flame.' A genuine and lively expression of the subjectjwas also important, and, in Mr. Duterreau's opinion, should be conformable to the text of the ancient authors, whose statues are the rule of beauty and gracefulness, whose equal had not been produced in succeeding ages. While he endeavoured to impress upon the minds of his hearers that they '¡must not feel themselves so strictly tied down to I nature as to place no reliance on study and genius, he reminded them, on the other hand, that'the efforts of genius and the flights of memory could not produce a beautiful picture without the aid \ of the divine teacher, " Nature." In the pursuit of beauty and truth, search after ancient works was recommended-for the motions of the spirits, the affections or passions, whose centre was the heart, required to be expressed in a picture,-in a word, the soul made visible. Leaving, however, rhetoricians to treat of the characters of the passions, he would only quote, the words of an excellent master, who had said, " That a true and lively expression of the passions is rather the work of genius than of labour or of study." Adverting to the period when the Roman empire, in its pomp of power and circumstances, had plunged the arts into darkness, and to the auspicious period when that desolating power was overthrown, and literature and painting lifted up their heads, he mentioned the picture of the " Last Supper," by Leonardo da Vinci, than which he could not conceive a more proper ornament for any Christian dwelling. With regard to the execution of a picture, he who had begun well had already performed half his work. There was nothing more pernicious than to engage under the discipline of an ignorant master. A certain degree of self-knowledge, Mr. Duterreau argued, was requisite for the student ; wine and good cheer were no friends to the painter. ; and the science withdraws from noise and tumult. The just apportionment of time, and necessity of well- regulated application, were also expatiated upon. Desire of riches, anda sanguine disposition of temperament, were stated to be dangerous to the rising painter : the true temper of genius, he contended, was of an intermittent cast, hot and cold by turn«, an alternation of hope and disappointment ; the former operating to renew those powers which had been relaxed by the latter. In accordance with his original intention, the lecturer proceeded to notice the peculiar province of each. Tho business of history was, he observed, to give a plain and just relation of facts-to be an exact picture of truth. Poetry is not thus confined-nature is raised above her usual height -the imagination is filled with finer images-the passions aro more strouyly touched, and pleasure excited to a greater degree. Sculpture goes farther, imparts ideas no words can give; and Ovid, finding that words could not express his meaning, makes it appear that nature gathered beauties from sculptute. In his description of Cyllatus the Centaur, " A just proportion and a manly grace Spread thro' his limbs and kindled in his face ; Nature, for once, assumed the sculptor's part. And, in a faultless beauty, rivalled art." Painting then takes up the subject, and perfects all, by the addition of colours. In illustration of this subject, Mr. Duterreau said history had informed us, that in the year 1288, the city of Pisa, in Italy, was distracted by three competitors for the sovereignty,—the Archbishop, the Judge, and Count Ugolino. The latter was declared Lord of Pisa, but was ultimately overpowered, dragged from his palace, and imprisoned with his two sons and two grandsons. The gates of the prison were secured and the keys flung into the Arno, that none might relieve him or the children with food. In a few days they perished by famine; (authority, Vallana's Florentine History ; Wars of the Guelphs and Ghibellmes.) The Florentine poet Dante has carried the story beyond death itself, in a supposed interview with the ghost of Count Ugolino. Shakspeare has followed the example, where he makes the ghost speak to Hamlet, and the ghost of Julius Caesar converge with Brutus. Having read the extract referred to, the lecturer proceeded, —the historian and poet having done their parts, the sculptor Michael Angelo Buonarotti came next. In a bas-relief Michael Angelo shows the Count sitting in prison with the four children, one dead at his feet : over their head is depicted a figure representing Famine, and underneath another figure representing the Arno, on the banks of which river the tragedy was enacted. Michael Angelo was a Dante in his way—there were atti tudes in that admirable bas-relief which conveyed the imagination beyond the historian's or the poet's art. Now the great painter Sir Joshua Reynolds takes up the story, carrying the imagination still farther by the addition of colours. The pale and livid flesh of the dead, the bluish lips of the Count, the darkness and horror of the prison, the habits indicative of the quality of the victims, enriching the picture by their varieties, were adduced as evidences of the superiority of painting. Briefly noticing the revival of the art in England by the last-mentioned painter, and the peculiar province of historical painting, lie observed that a good work either in painting or poetry should be con- ducted with a view to moral effect as well as to rational amusement, and explaining the distinguish ing characteristic of the ancient and modern masters, contrasted the different productions of the painters of the Bolognian and Venetian schools. Raffaelle in his pictures exhibited Pytha- goras, Socrates, and Plato, raising the imagina- tion to the regions of philosophy. Tenier's pic- tures, three Dutch boors playing at cards. The imagination is immediately frozen and prostituted while admiring the beauty of the execution of the work, for he was a good painter, but the circum- stances were to be reprobated which bend the attention down to such scenes of degradation. He attributed the magnificent productions of the Italian painters to the encouragement which had been afforded them by the Popes and Cardinals, and entered into a critical analysis of Raffaelle's pictures. He deprecated the taste which regarded pictures as a part of ornamental furniture only, the art as a pleasing superfluity, holding a low rank of usefulness to mankind. They were instructive. Our walls speak to us,—teach us history, morality, and divinity,—excite joy, love, and devotion, if the pictures are well chosen and made right use of. A knowledge of painting creates a home-felt pleasure to the student,—opens his eyes to pleasures which were before invisible,—increases his faculties of discernment, and, in conclusion, he observed, was not tied down by precedents—the mind finds itself entirely at liberty, and with her plumes " Winnows the buxom air, * * * * Sometimes She scours the right hand coast, sometimes the left ; Now skims with level wing the deep, then soars Up to the Empyrean, towering high." 