THE DRAMA. FIRST APPEARANCE OP MR. BROOKE, THE TRAGEDIAN. Olympic.—It is long since we have witnessed such a scene of enthusiasm and excitement as the Olympic Theatre presented on Monday evening, when Mr. Gustavus Brooke—a gentleman who had already attained a high posi- tion in the provinces as a tragedian—made his first appear- ance before a London audience: it is true that in the earlier portions of the play, "Othello," much of the applause was due to the continued and most injudicious support of his friends; but as the tragedy went on, all alike were wrought up to the highest pitch of admiration, and cheers and plaudits rang through the house, such, as we expect, have not been heard since the days of Edmund Kean. In a word, Mr. Gustavus Brooke achieved an eminent, triumphant success—one that is likely to go on increasing until it places him upon the very topmost height of his pro- fession. His first appearance enlisted the audience in his favour, his figure being graceful and finely shaped; his features handsome, and capable of immense expression; and his voice of singular weight and clearness; indeed, he will, we think, appear even to more advantage in a larger house. Up to the third act, however, although the applause was liberal, he did not make any extraordinary impression, beyond what an acknowledged tragedian might be expected to produce; but in the scene with Iago, for which he appeared to have husbanded his powers, he came out so magnificently, that the whole audience of the pit and stalls rose nearly en masse; and such a confusion of cheering, waving hats and handkerchiefs, and ringing approbation, we repeat we have not seen for some years—excepting, perhaps, Mrs. Nisbett's reception, when she returned to the Hay- market. From this to the end of the play, it was a con- tinued triumph. Mr. Brooke's success was honest, legitimate, and, we are certain, enduring. He made none of the old traditional points, nor did he imitate any preceding or contemporary performer. But there was nature and intelligence in every line he uttered; not an emphasis was misplaced; and he managed every inflection of his voice, and expression of his countenance—to the latter of which the darkened visage of the Moor is so disadvantageous—with most consummate skill. This was finely shown in the look of deep misery and anguish which followed the words, "Othello's occupation's gone;" and which was instantaneously recognised. Never, since Kean's first appearance, was a position so incontes- tibly and suddenly attained. The other parts were played as well as they could be by the present dramatic company of the Olympic; but all interest and attention was centred in Mr. Brooke. Mr. Stuart was the Iago, Mr. H. Hall Cassio, and Miss Stuart Desdemona; and they acquitted themselves respectably. We heard a characteristic anecdote of Mr. Brooke, from a member of the profession who sat near us in the stalls, which we give as we received it. Mr. Brooke had been before engaged, and underlined at one of the large houses, where an eminent tragedian of the present day was in power. An announcement of "Hamlet" was sent to him, in which he found he was to play Laertes, to the other's Prince of Denmark. He immediately wrote back to say that he was only in the habit of performing one part in the play, and that was Hamlet; and that the other might play the Ghost if he chose. The engagement was, accordingly, broken.—January 8. 