FAREWELL TOTHE POPE! OR, REASONS FOR RENOUNCING THE CHURCH OF ROME. by j. j. maurette. Late Priest of the Parish of S erre ( Anegei (concluded) If great Dnmbers were a sure sign of being in the right palb,Spripture would have vainly said, 44 Fol low not the multitude to do evil." (Exod. xxxiii. 2.) And in the Gospel according to St. Jobu (vi. 66—68 ) we read, 44 From that time, many of his disciples went back and walked no more with him. Then said Jesus unto the twelve, Will ye also go away . If the apostles had followed the teaching of the Rev. Dr. Bellarnrine, they would have answered : 44 Yes, Liord, we -will go away Decause me multi tude is not on thy side." In the Gospel according to St. Matthew, (xxvii. 20,) we read : 44 But the chief priests and elders per suaded the multitude that they . should, ask Bar- abbas and destroy Jesus." To keep with the crowd, it was then necessary 10 ciy mil against the Saviour o,f the world : |44 Kt him be crucified, Jet him be crucified I" No, 110 I in spite of Bellarmirie, numbers' will never be an inlalliole sign of the Church of God. Fifth Question: . Your doctrine is altogether new, say the Romish ;divines to the Protectants ; you are therefore' not the Church of God ; a,s fur us,, jve. have antiquity on our side. I answer, that antiquity is not always an infalli ble sign of true religi" ri ; for true religion ; for there certainly was a time when .the Christian religion was a no velty, and then, unquestionably, the Jews and the heathens had over it the advantage of an- iiquity., The principal thing is to ascertain which belief is the old Christain faith— that of the Church5 of Rome, or of ours. . ; : j We will first observe that a portion . of the, doc- tiine of the Church of Rome is sfmiiar to ours; For example, the articles of the A pontic's. Creed, as set forth by the first four general councils. To these is reduced all that we believe m the matter of faith ; they are absolutely necessary for salvation, aud . nothing is wanting that may. be .shewn to exist in the ancient creeds of the Christian church ; so far, our faith and that of the Church of Rome are of equal antiquity, that is to say,' asjancient as Chris- . tianiiy itself. Thus this enquiry is only connected with those matters upon which our opinion does not agree with that of Pope. Principally upon the uiue articles of the creed of Popo Pius IV. concer ning the sacrifice of the mass, the sacrament of one k;nd onl , purgatory, indulgences, auricular con fession, absolution, the worship of.saints, of images &c.; &c.; As. not one of these dogmas is to be found in any of the primitive creeds generally received in tbe Khristian church, we deny their antiquity, and maintain that they are so many innovations. As for the negative articles of the Protestant re ligion, in opposition to the errors and corruptions of the Romish faith, they have become accidentally part of our belief, in the same manner that denying the dogmas of Arianisw became a part of the Romish belief, from the commencement of that heresy. In one word, we believe and we teaeh all the things contained in the creeds of the ancient christian church, and which were then held necessary for sal vation. This is our belief. The Retnish church, on the contrary; is an innova tion upon the Christian religion. She has thus strangely disfigured it by her various additions, in matters both of faith and practice, These additions constitute the Romish religion, arid we reject thein, inasmuch as they are changes in Christianity, aswell as novelties- In this consists. the Reformation' of the XVIth century ; and if it will gratify the Romish divines, I am perfectly willing to acKnowledge, that this Re formation is not as old as their corruptions, since every reformation necessarily presupposes the exist ence of errors and abuses. VII- . INNOVATIONS MADE IN THE CHURCH OF JE8US CHRIST BY THE POPES AND BY THE BISHOPS. qdbstions addressed to the romish divines Is it true, or not, that it was only in the seventh century under Gregory 1. Bishop of Rome, that'the saints were substituted for the heathen gods, and that it was only at this period that temples were dedicated to them, festivals were established in their honour, and men began to invoke them ? . Is it true/or not, that it was only in the Tilth century that 'the doctrine of purgatory was intro duced amongst Christians; that this doctrine gave rise to the pretended apparition of spirits, vulgarly called ghosts or pear# (frights): that from these il lusions arose that mass of funeral and dismal cere monies we still see iu the present day, and which are designed fo. n.o other purpose than that of assisting 01 delivering the soiils of the dead ; and this super- s i'.ion changed the eueharist, which is a sacrifice for the living, into/a sacrifice for the dead ? , Is it true, or riot, that this same Gregory I. Bishop of Rome, was the, first to introduce .the "custom of anoihtjng at the ordination of priests, and to adopt the sacerdotal oinaments of the heathen priest hood? Is it true, or not/that it was only' in the VII th century that Phocas, emperor of Constantinople, gave to Boniface III. bishop of Rome, the title of Universal Bishop Is it true, or not, that Irene, empress of Constan tinople, oi heathen dscent, convened in 788 the second Council of Nice, arid, having ex'pcllea there from the most learned divines, prevailed upon tire members of this council to ordain the worship of images, against the old opinion and the oppositions that this impiety met with from all sides? Is it true, or rot,, that it was only in the year 880, that Adrien, bishop of Rome, canonized saints in imitation of the heathen apotheosis ? Is it. true, or not, thai it was only in the Xltb century that the priests were ordered to sacrifice, 44 aeeipe Potestateni" . . . Receive the power ol offering sacrifices to God, and of celebrating masses for the living as well as for the dead ? Is it true, or not, that it was only in the year 1055, under Pope Vict r II that the custom of re deeming penances was introduced ; that it was de cided that they could be commuted into pecuniary lines, by grits to the church, by pilgrimages ? Is it true, or not, that since that period their effect has been extended beyond this world, lo abridge tbe number of those years to be passed in purgatbry ? Is it true, or not/that it was Pascase Radberd,a monk of Corbie, who, in a treatise he w. ote in the year 83 14 introduced into religion the doctrine oi' transubstantiation, and that it was .only- the fourth Loteran Council, held in the year of 1215, who asserted the truth of this dogma? Is it true, or not, fhat St. Peter, St Paul, or St John, never said .10 any sinner— I, Peter, Paul, pr John, jl absolve \ou ? If they never said that, why should yon say it, the Ronrish divines, even did you possess their power? arid why do you say it, possessing it not ? Is it true, or not, that it was the Pope Ilonorius III. who in 1250, was. the first to command the adoration ol the host? it is true, or not, that at the same time that the adoration of the host was introduced, Dominic, the fcundei of the Jacobins, brought into use ihe ro sary, invented by Peter the Hermit, in 1090 ? Is it true, or not, that it was only in 1414 that the Romish church withdiew the cup from the iaity, al though our Lord Jesus Christ instil u ted the most holy s icramen of the eueharist for both kinds ? ll all this b- true, and all this is true, these are innovations that men have made in the church oi Jesus Christ. Therefore, we Christians protest against them. We reject them : for you know, ye iiomish divines, that as n an has not the power 10 make a religion, so it is not allowed him to add, to change, or to retreaoh anything whatever from that one which Jesus Christ has brought to us from heaven. ; .- ... Acknowledge then, ye bishops, that if God, in his mercy, had Dot raised up such as Luther, as Calvin, as Zuinglius, as Melancthon, and those other holy persons, who, by their preachings, ;withdrew from beneath the bushel the light of the gospel, where it had been wickedly hidden, you would have .carried so far your religious innovations, that Christianity would soon have been complete! 'crushed and stifled by them. But tbe dlow that they struck, guided by the all powerful hand of God, freed it from the thorns of scholastic theology, shook papal autho rity to its very foundation, and restored to kings and to emperors, who had hitherto trembled under the censures of the Romish church, that legitimate authority which the popes refused to concede to them. And from that time, Germany, Englan, Scot land, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, the rich provinces of the Low Countres, the most charming Cantons of of Switzerland, a considerable portion of France, Lithuania, M >ravia, Hungary, Silesia, Bohemia, freed theuiselv:s entirely from the slavery of the papal yoke, and from its errors, to marshal them selves under the banners of the Gospel. I conclude by denying that assertion, so constantly made, namely, that some lew ceremonies are neces sary to religion. Certainly some ceremonies are necessary to re ligion, but only those mentioned and .ordered in the Gspel. Conformably lo thern, we ought to assemble in one place lo piay and hear the Word of God to gether; we should kneel when we make our sup plications ; we should celebrate trie holy ceremonies of baptism and the Lord's supper, and chant the praises ol God, our Creator and Lord, Chr.siians ; let us preserve with the greatest care the precious gift of the sacred doctrine. Let. us re main inviolably attached to that purity and simpli city which our DivineSaviour has prescribed in his woid, and ol which he has himself given us the ex ample. Let us object everything that proceeds from paganism or from men. L-ri us be fully persuaded that Jesus Christ is infinitely more wise, more pru dent than we are, ant tint me perfection and the ex cellence of true religion consists in performing the will of God, and not our own, in serving Him /with the of a pure heart, and not with the pomp of multitudes of frivolous and useless ceremonies. . I he Oak Chest Tragedy at Glasgow. — The Glasgow Constitutional furnishes the fol lowing additional particulars respecting the tliree poor boys who were accidentally shut up in a sta» ble corn-chest at Glasgow, from Saturday night till Monday morning, under the circumstances detailed in our last : — " It is melancholy but gratifyiug to think on the conduct of 'the poor boys one to another when placed in their awful position. They endeavoured to support each other's courage as well as possible ; they cried as long as they could for assistance, but no one heard them, though they were not fifteen yards from their parents' roof. They pushed their heads up so as to raise the lid at the end in which Robert, the youngest, was confined ; and fortunately put a marble in the cbink to keep it open, which served him, ol course, to breathe more freely. James was next to his little brother, being in the mid compartment, where there were some beans, and, with the utmost sagacity and consideration, he managed to push through a few of them to his companions in distress to appease their hunger. He directed them not to eat many, for fear of becoming thirsty and expresed his fears that he would soon die. Before giving up hope, Charles, the eldest endeavoured to cut a hole in the chest ; but in this attempt he cut his hand, and the blade of his penknife broke. They then resigned themselves to their sad fate, and, after being ex hausted with unavailing shouts and cries, which were not heard on earth, they praiseworthily addressed themselves to the Heurer and Answerer ef prayer, Charles died first, after bidding his cousins iarewell. James then bade his brother good by, and sn®ke of his. dear mamma, who would never see him again. , He became so faint, he said he had just other three breaths to draw, and requested Robert would not speak to him. There was a loud, heavy breath, in a few seconds another, and, in about a minute, a deep, loud . sigh, aud death closed his eyes for ever. Robert soon after fell asleep, but he awoke on the Sabbath morning, and heard distinctly the ringing of the bells. during the day. He slept occasionally till the Monday morning, at six o'clock, when he heard the men about the stable, when he was able to make such a noise as led to his discovery. — Livetpool Albion, Sept. 6. : Spain.— -General Narvaez has returned, but has failed in his atfempt to form a ministry, the Queen refusing to give her sanction to the names submitted to her. The .charges against the Queen have, become so gross and infamous that it becomes repugnant to every manly feeliug to repeat hem. They are briefly comprehended in the following scandalous interpretation of the words employed by the King in his conference with M.|Pacheco,who wascommissioned to solicit his return to the Queen's palace. 4< At all events, I will not return until the expiration oi lour months.' Now, the /King has been absent from the palace these last five or six months. What is the obvious meaning of this," says the journal in question, " but that the Kiag suspects her Majesty to be actually enceinte, and that he is resolved to await the event?" Now, why not, gentlemen, accept the more natural, and, as we sincerely believe, the actual meaning of the King? 44 In our last separation at the palace, and iu the angty quarrel which ensued, I made a hasty vow on the spot, and announced it to her Majesty, that I would not re-enter the palace, befere'tbe end of the year, and as it is a vow I will keep it." — Bells Alessengtr, Sept. 6. Hard Work. — It's hard work to look at the sun without winking ; and its hard work to look at some girls without feeling inclined to wink. It's hard work to do nothing, and have too much of it on baud ; and it's hard work to collect a debt of one who says, " I'll pay to-morrow.'' It's hard work to scratch ideas lor a paragraph after being on the spree for 24 hours ; and it's ibard work to ef stem the torrent of a woman's will." It's hard work to refuse a good offer ; and it's harder still to be compelled to accept a bad one. It's hard work for many people to live ; and doubly hard for some to die. Several newspapers last week puzzled their readers with a paragraph headed—' Sirange accident to her Majesty's sixty-second foot, Too Classical by Half.— Mr. JBawden, member of Congress from Alabama, addressing some of his constituents the other day, near Montgomery, speaking of Mr. Polk, termed him the " last of the Romans" " Well,'' said a countryman- standing by, 44 I am so tarnation glad to hear that the breed is so well nigh run out!'' The effect was awful. Kissing — The editor of a New York paper, with a great want of gallantry, says, " Probably there is no moment when a man or woman looks so suptemely, utterly, and hopelessly simple aqd foolish, as when engaged in that most poetically foolish of all occupations — the act of kissing. Whenever they happen to vbe seen, they look as if caught with a stolen sheep— and no won der." PoTAtoe "Water. — The water in tyhich po tatoes are boiled, sprinkled over grain or plants, completely destiqys all insects in every stage of existence, from the grub to the maggot. 