THE AFFAIRS OF SPAIN. Madrid, March 2. The general discussion on the project of law for granting extraordinary powers to the Government, was brought to a close last night, at a few minutes to eight o'clock. As was expected, the project was approved in its totality. The speakers against it were Borrego, Cortina, and Infante ; for it, Calderon, Collantes, Gonzales Bravo, Martinez de la Rosa and Bravo Murillo, the Minister of Grace and Justice. The avenues leading to the Congress were crowded to the last moment, though the debate passed off with the utmost tranquillity. I find that the conduct of some leaders of the Opposi- tion gives anything but satisfaction to the Liberals, who think the speech of Cortina much too mild and temporising. It seems to be the opinion of a great many amongst the Progressives that such forbearance will only be productive of evil. They are convinced that a revolution of some kind or other is inevitable in Spain, and that the duty of the leaders is at once and boldly to put themselves forward, so as to conduct it in a peaceable manner. They also fear that the lower classes-the plebe, disgusted at the timid demeanour of the leaders, will become impatient, declare they are betrayed, and take matters into their own hands, when the consequences will be most serious. All this they think could be avoided by a display of more firmness and boldness. In any case it is believed that circumstances will be found too strong for the Ministry, and that sooner or later they will have to abandon power. The amendments came on for discussion to-day. The first, pledging the Government not to make use of those extraordinary powers except in the most serious and dangerous circum stances and to introduce reforms in the administration, the electoral law, and the Parliament, was moved and supported by the Marquis de Organ at some length. He was replied to by the commission, but the amendment was rejected, the Chamber having refused to take it into consideration. The second amendment, to the effect that neither persons nor properly should be attacked by the Government, nor the in- volubility of the Deputies, nor, in a word, any citizen, against whom there was no proof of having done anything contrary to the law, was then moved. It was supported by the Marquis de Albuyda who, in the course of his speech gave a complete answer to Martinez de la Rosa on the conduct of the French people most unwise and unjust, particularly coming, as they did, from one who had lately been Ambassador in France, and whose intimate relations with the present Government of Spain were known. Louis Philippe h id.h.>en King but by the choice of the people, and he violated the conditions by which he held the crown For his part, he (the Marquis de Albayda) was convinced that the unhappy Spanish marriages were the cause of the, downfall of that Sovereign. By that act he had separated himself from the English alliance and had allied himself with the despots of Europe, and then he fell. It was now clearly seen that the English alliance was that which Spain ought to seek. The Austrian alliance contracted by Louis Philippe proved destructive to him, as it had done to Louis XVI. and Napoleon. England was the country that constitutional Governments should alone preserve intimate relations with. The Marquis de Albayda was left speaking at four o'clock. The Congress was crowded excessively, but there were no groups, as yesterday, collected outside, owing very probably to the intense cold which prevails. The Ministers were all present in the Congress to-day, with the exception of the Minister for Foreign Affairs. Owing to the conduct of the Government in detaining the letters and papers at the post. Mr. Bulwer has been obliged to write a strong letter to the Duke de Sotomayor, complaining that those addressed to him have also been kept back. Political convulsions do not, it seems' destroy the " ruling passion" in Maria Christina. I am assured that that lady has given orders to her intendant at Paris to proceed to New York and establish a bank there, of which she is to be the proprietor, though business will probably be carried on in another name. With reference to the events passing in France, I have heard several persons who belong to the Moderado party, and who had been partisans of the French marriage, remark on what they termed the justice that Heaven has meted out to those who had a hand in bringing about that marriage. The principal agent of Louis Philippe (M. Bressow) perishes miserably by his own hand ; Louis Philippe loses his crown, and is driven while on the brink of the grave, into exile and the Duke de Montpensier and the Infanta of Spain are forced to seek an asylum in and implore safety from that country whose Sovereign and whose Government were betrayed and insulted. This may be superstition on their part, but there are many Moderates who have expressed themselves so. Madrid is perfectly tranquil, though precautions still continue to be taken by the authorities. The Three per Cents, were quoted, after Bourse hours, at 24 3 to 5 for cash, and 2-5sec 1 lers at the Bourse, at 25 at 50 days, or will the Five per Cents., 133 for cash, and 14 sellers; the Debt without interest, at 5 sellers. A Railway Ghosts ludicrous incident happened near Stockham, on the Lancashire, Cheshire, and Birkenhead Railway, a few days ago. It is pretty well known that the operations at this railway have been stopped for the present. A few men were left for the purpose of carrying on some minor excavations, which were thought necessary. About a month since, a man was unfortunately killed by the falling of the tunnel, near the locality, where the operatives had been set to work and the men heard, or thought they heard most distinctly the sound of the pickaxe on the very spot where he had been killed. The wind had been rather high for three or four days ; but still they heard the sound of the dead's man's work in the tunnel. At last it was agreed that one of them should descend, and ascertain how matters stood, and if there should be anything to fear, a signal was to be given, and the adventurer drawn up again. One of the party immediately consented, boasting that he feared not man nor devil. Accordingly, the rope was fastened round the waist of our hero, and he was let down the shaft, his companions ready, on the least notice, to draw him up. The bravado had not reached the bottom before a cry was heard from below, and such a twitch given to the rope as plainly bespoke that something was the matter. The man was pulled up instantly, with a countenance as pale as death, on which terror and consternation were strongly depicted. To the almost gasping enquiry of " What is it?"-" What hast a seen? she related that no sooner had he got to the bottom than he plainly saw the white pale face of the dead man, which went backwards and forwards as if he were at work, but which he immediately recognised as the countenance of his late friend. The news was quickly spread in the neighbourhood, and the " railway ghost" was the theme of every tongue ; several persons went to hear the sound of the ghost at work, until a tipsy man, in a pot-valiant fit, would be so obstinately bold us to go down and fight the ghost ! Willing to see how such a one would fare, they let him down, and in about five minutes drew him up again, with the innocent cause of all their terror in his hands. It proved to be a large tin powder can, which had been there left by the men, and which had been placed in rather a ricketty position on a projecting stone. It was splashed with mud in such a manner that it somewhat resembled a man's face, and the wind through the excavation had caused it to jolt from and against the side of the tunnel. -Observer, Feb. 22. Jenny Lind's Retort to Lablache On the occasion of Jenny Lind's second rehearsal at the Opera House, the celebrated Lablache was so delighted with her singing, that he came up to her and said enthusiastically, " Give me your hand; every note in your voice is a pearler " Give me your hat," was the reply of the fair ' ' singer, and then putting it up to her mouth, and giving one of her incomparable rounds it, " Here," said she, " is a hatful'of'"pearls for 