HOW I STOOD FOR THE DREEPDAILY BURGHS. (From Blackwood’s Magazine.) [Many of our readers will recollect an ex- ceedingly humorous description of the doings of a couple of clever scamps named Dunshunner and M‘Corkindale in getting up a Mock Railway Company, which we copied from Black- wood’s Magazine about a year since. A recent number of the same periodical contains an article from the same pen on electioneering, a large portion of which we transfer to our columns, and regret that its length prevents us from presenting the whole of it to our readers. The tale commences with an interview between Dunshunner and M‘Corkindale, who have been investing their money in railways, the shares of which have become valueless, and the question they are discussing is what they are to do under the circumstances.] CHAPTER I. “ BY Jove ! I’ve an idea at last !” “ You don’t say so ! My dear Bob—out with it !” “ Dunshunner, are you a man of pluck ?” “ I should think I am.” “ And ready to go the whole hog, if required ?” “ The entire animal.” “ Then I’ll tell you what it is—the elections will be on immediately—and, by St. Andrew, we’ll put you up for Parliament !” “ Me !” “ You. Why not? There are hundreds of men there quite as hard up, and not half so clever us yourself.” “ And what good would that do me ?” “ Don’t you see ? You need not care a far- thing about your debts then, for the personal liberty of a member of the House of Commons is sacred. You con fire away right and left at the currency ; and who knows, if you play your cards well, but you may get a comfortable place?” “ Well, you are a genius, Bob ! But then, what sort of principles should I profess ?” “That is a matter which requires considera- tion. What are your own feelings on the subject ? ” “ Perfect indifference, I am pledged to no party, and am free to exercise my independent judgment.” “ Of course, of course ! We shall take care to stick all that into the address ; but you must positively come forward with some kind of tangible political views. The currency will do for one point, but as to the others I see a difficulty ” “ Suppose I were to start as a Peelite? ” “ Something may be said in favour of that view: but on the whole, I should rather say not. That party may not look up for some littlo time, and then currency is a stumbling block in the way. No, Dunshunner, I do not think, upon my honour, that it would be wise for you to commit yourself in that quarter at the present moment.” “ Suppose I try the Protectionist dodge ? One might come it very strong against the foreigners, and in favour of native industry. Eh, Bob ! What do you say to that ? It is an advantage to act with gentlemen.” “ True; but at the same time, I see many objections. The principles of the country party are not yet thoroughly understood by the people, and I should like to have you to start with at least popularity on your side.” “ Radical, then? What do you think of Annual Parliaments, Universal Suffrage, Vote by Ballot, and Separation of Church and State ?” “ I am clear against that. These views are not popular with the electors, and even the mob would entertain a strong suspicion that you were humbugging them.” “ What, then, on earth am I to do ?” “ I will tell you. Come out as a pure and transparent Whig. In the present position of parties, it is at least a safe course to pursue, and it is always the readiest step to the pos- session of the loaves and fishes.” “ Bob, I don’t like the Whigs.” “ No more do I. They are a bad lot ! but they are in, and that is everything. Yes, Au- gustus,” continued Bob solemnly, “ there is nothing else for it. You must start as a pure Whig, upon the Revolution principles of sixteen hundred and eighty-eight.” “ It would be a great relief to my mind, Bob, if you would tell me what those principles really are?” “ I have not the remotest idea ; but we have plenty of time to look them up.” “ Then I suppose I must swallow the Dutch- man, and the Massacre of Glencoe ?” “Yes, and the Darien business into the bargain. These are the principles of your party, and of course you are bound to subscribe.” “ Well, you know best ; but I’d rather do anything else.” “ Pooh ! never fear ; you and Whiggery will agree remarkably well. That matter, then, we may consider as settled. The next point to be thought of is the constituency.” “ Ay, to be sure ! what place am I to start for ? I have got no interest, and if I had any, there are no nomination burghs in Scotland." “ Are’nt there ? That’s all you know, my fine fellow ! Hark ye, Dunshunner, more than half of the Scottish burghs are at this moment held by nominees !” “ You amaze me, Bob ! The thing is im- possible ! The Reform Bill, that great charter of our liberties—” “ Bravo ! There spoke the Whig ? The Reform Bill you think, put an end to nomina- tion ? It did nothing of the kind, it merely transferred it. Did you ever hear of such things as Cliques ?” “ I have. But they are tremendously un- popular.” “ Nevertheless, they hold the returning power. There is a clique in almost every town throughout Scotland, which leads the electors as quietly, but as surely, as the blind man is conducted by his dog. These are mo- delled on the true Venetian principles of secrecy. They control the whole constituency, put in the member, and in return monopolise the whole patronage of the place. If you have the clique with you, you are almost sure of your election; if not, except in the larger towns, you have not a shadow of success. Now what I want to impress upon you is this, that wherever you go, be sure that you communi- cate with the clique.” “ But how am I to find it out ?” “ That is not always an easy matter, for nobody will acknowledge that they belong to it. However, the thing is not impossible, and we shall certainly make the experiment. Come, then, I suppose you agree with me, that it is hopeless to attempt the larger towns?” “ Clearly. So far as I see, they are all pro- vided already with candidates.” “ And you may add cliques, Dunshunner. Well, then, let us search among the smaller places. What would you think of a dash at the Stirling District of Burghs ?” “ Why, there are at least half-a-dozen can- didates in the field.” “ True, that would naturally lessen your chance. Depend upon it, some one of them has already found the key to the Clique. But there’s the Dreepdaily District with nobody standing for it, except the Honourable Paul Puzzlethwaite ; and I question whether he knows himself the nature or the texture of his politics. Really, Dunshunner, that’s the very place for you ; and if we look sharp after it, I bet the long odds that you will carry it in a canter.” “ Do you really think so ?” “ I do, indeed ; and the sooner you start the better. Let me see. I know Provost Binkie of Dreepdaily. He is a Railway bird, was an original Glenmutchkin shareholder, and for- tunately sold out at a premium. He is a capital man to begin with, and I think will be favourable to you ; besides, Dreepdaily is an old Whig burgh. I am not so sure of Kittle weem. It is a shade more respectable than Dreepdaily, and has always been rather Con- servative. The third burgh, Drouthielaw, is a nest of Radicalism ; but, I think, it may- be won over if we open the public‐houses.” “ But, about expenses, Bob—won’t it be a serious matter?” “ Why, you must lay your account with spending some ﬁve or six hundred pounds upon the nail; and I advise you to sell stock to that amount at least. The re- mainder, should it cost you more, can stand over.” “ Bob, five or six hundred pounds is a very serious sum !” “ Granted—but then look at the honour and the immunity you will enjoy. Recollect that yours is an awkward predicament. If you don’t get into Parliament, I see nothing for it but a stoppage.” “ That’s true enough. Well—hang it then, I will start ?” “ There’s a brave fellow ! I should not in the least wonder to see you in the Cabinet yet. The sooner you set about preparing your ad- dress the better.” “ What! without seeing Provost Binkie ?” “ To be sure. What is the use of wading when you can plunge at once into deep water? Besides let me tell you that you are a great deal more likely to get credit when it is understood that you are an actual candi- date.” “ There is something in that too. But I say, Bob—you really must help me with the address. I am a bad hand at these things, and shall never be able to tickle up the electors without your assistance. “ I’ll do all I can. Just ring for a little sherry and water, and we’ll set to work. I make no doubt that, between us, we can polish off a plausible placard.” Two hours after I forwarded, through the post office, a missive, addressed to the editor of the Dreepdaily Patriot, with the following do- cument enclosed. I am rather proud of it, as a manifesto of my political principles : To the Electors of the United District of Burghs of Dreepdaily, Drouthielaw, and Kittleweem. Gentlemen,—I am induced, by a requisition, to which are appended the signatures of a large majority of your influential and patriotic body, to offer myself as a can- didate for the high honour of your representation in the ensuing session of Parliament. Had I consulted my own inclination, I should have preferred the leisure of retirement, and the pursuit of those studies so con- genial to my taste, to the more stormy and agitating arena of politics. But a deep sense of public duty compels me to respond to your call. My views upon most subjects are so well known to many of you, that a lengthened explanation of them would probably be superfluous. Still it may be right and proper for me to explain generally what they are. My principles are based upon the great and glorious Revolution settlement of l688, which, by abolishing, or at least superseding, hereditary right, intrusted the guardianship of the crown to an enlightened oligarchy for the protection ot an unparticipating people. That oligarchy is now most ably represented by her Majesty’s present Ministers, to whom, unhesitatingly and uncom- promisingly, except upon a very few matters, I give in my adhesion so long as they shall continue in office. Opposed to faction and enemy to misrule, 1 am yet friendly to many changes of a sweeping and organic character. Without relaxing the ties which at present bind together church and state in harmonious coalition and union, I would gradually confiscate the revenues of the one for the increasing necessities of the other. I never would become a party to an attack upon the House of Peers, as long as it remains subservient to the will of the Commons; nor would I alter or extend the franchise, except from cause shown, and the declared and universal wish of the non-electors. I highly approve of the policy which has been pur- sued towards Ireland, and of further concessions to a deep-rooted system of agitation. I approve of in- creased endowments to that much neglected country ; and I applaud that generosity which relieves it from all participation in the common burdens of the state. Such a line of policy cannot fail to elevate the moral tone, and to develop the internal resources of Ireland ; and I never wish to see the day when the Scotsman and the Irishman may, in so far as taxation is concerned, be placed upon an equal footing. It appears to me a highly equitable adjustment that the savings of the first should be appropriated for the wants of the second. I am in favour of the centralising system, which, by drafting away the wealth and talents of the pro- vinces, must augment the importance of London. I am strongly opposed to the maintenance of any local or Scottish institutions, which can merely serve to foster a spirit of decayed nationality ; and I am of opinion that all boards and offices should be trans- ferred to England, with the exception of those con- nected with the Dreepdaily district, which it is the bounden duty of the legislature to protect and pre- serve. I am a friend to the spread of education, but hostile to any system by means of which religion, especially Protestantism, may be taught. I am a supporter of free trade in all its branches, I cannot see any reason for the protection of native in- dustry, and am ready to support any fundamental measures by means of which articles of foreign manu- facture may be brought to compete in the home market with our own, without restriction and without reci- procity. It has always appeared to me that our im- ports are of far greater importance than our exports. I think that any lowering of price which may be the result of such a commercial policy will be more than adequately compensated by a coercive measure which shall compel the artisan to augment the period of his labour. I am against any short hours’ bill, and am of opinion that infant labour should be stringently and universally enforced. With regard to the currency, I feel that I may safely leave that matter in the hands of her Majesty’s present Ministers, who have never shown any disposition to oppose themselves to the popular wish. These, gentlemen, are my sentiments ; and I think that, upon consideration, you will find them such as may entitle me to your cordial support. I need not say how highly I shall value the trust, or how zealously I shall endeavour to promote your local interests. These, probably, can be best advanced by a cautious regard to my own. On the other topics I shall be happy to give you the fullest and most satisfactory explanation. I shall merely add, as a summary of my opinions, that while ready on the one hand to coerce labour, so as to stimu- late internal industry to the utmost, and to add largely to the amount of our population ; I am, upon the other, a friend to the liberty of the subject, and to the promotion of such genial and sanatory measures its suit the tendency of our enlightened age, and the diffu- sion of universal philanthropy, and the spread of popu- lar opinion. I remain, gentlemen, with the deepest respect, your very obedient und humble servant, AUGUSTUS REGINALD DUNSHUNNER. St. Mirren’s House, June, 1847. The editor of the Dreepdaily Patriot, wisely considering that this advertisement was the mere prelude to many more, was kind enough to dedicate a leading article to an exposition of my past services. I am not a vain man; so that I shall not here reprint the panegyric passed upon myself, or the ovation which my friend foresaw. Indeed, I am so far from vain, that I really began to think, while perusing the columns of the Patriot, that I had somewhat foolishly shut my eyes hitherto to the greatness of that talent, and the brilliancy of those parts which were now proclaimed to the world. Yes ; it was quite clear that I had hitherto been concealing my candle under a bushel— that I was cut out by nature for a legislator— and that I was the very man for the Dreep- daily electors. Under this conviction, I started upon my canvass, munimented with letters of introduction from M‘Cockindale, who, much against his inclination, was compelled to re- main at home. CHAPTER II. In these days there lived in Dreepdaily one Laurence Linklater, more commonly known by the name of Tod Lowrie, who exercised the respectable functions of a writer and a mes- senger-at-arms. Lowrie was a remarkably acute individual of the Gilbert Glossin school, by no means scrupulous in his dealings, but of singular plausibility and courage. He had started in life as a Radical, but finding that line did not pay well, he had prudently sub- sided into a Whig, and in that capacity had acquired a sort of local notoriety. He had contrived, moreover, to gain a tolerable footing in Drouthielaw, and in the course of time became intimately acquainted with the cir- cumstances of its inhabitants, and under the plea of agency had contrived to worm the greater part of their title-deeds into his keep- ing. It then occurred to Lowrie, that notwith- standing the discordant situation of the burghs, something might be done to effect a union under his own especial chieftainship. Not that he cared in his heart one farthing about the re- presentation—Tyrian and Trojan were in reality the same to him—but he saw that the gain of these burghs would be of immense advantage to his party, and he determined that the ad- vantage should be balanced by a corresponding profit to himself. Accordingly he began quietly to look to the state of the neglected register ; lodged objections to all claims given in by parties upon whom he could not depend ; smuggled a sufficient number of his own clients and adherents upon the roll, and, in the course of three years, was able to intimate to an emi- nent Whig partisan that he, Laurence Link- later, held in his own hands the representation of the Dreepdaily Burghs, could turn the elec- tion either way he pleased, and was open to reasonable terms. The result was, that Mr. Linklater was pro- moted to a very lucrative office, and moreover that the whole patronage of the district was thereafter observed to flow through the Lau- rentian channel. Of course all those who could claim kith or kindred with Lowrie were provided for in the first instance ; but there were stray crumbs still going; and in no one case could even a gauger- ship be obtained without the adhesion of an additional vote. Either the applicant must be ready to sell his independence, or, if that were done already, to pervert the politics of a rela- tive. A Whig member was returned at the next election by an immense majority ; and for some time Linklater reigned supreme in the government of Dreepdaily and Drouth- ielaw. But death, which spares no governors, knocked at the door of Linklater. A surfeit of partan-pie, after the triumphant termination of a law-suit, threw the burghs into a state of annrchy. Lowrie was gathered unto his fathers, and there was no one to reign in his stead. At least there was no apparent ruler. Every one observed, that the stream of patronage and of local jobbing still flowed on as copiously as before, but nobody could discover by what hands it was now directed. Suspicion fastened its eyes for some time upon Provost Binkie ; but the vehement denials of that gentleman, though not in themselves conclusive, at last gained credence from the fact that a situation which he had solicited from government for his nephew was given to another person. Awful rumours begun to circulate of the existence of a secret junta. Each man regarded his neighbour with intense suspicion and distrust, because for anything he knew, that neighbour might be a member of the terrible tribunal, by means of which all the affairs of the community were regulated, and a single ill-timed word might absolutely prove his ruin. Such indeed in one instance was the case. In an evil hour for himself, an independent town-councillor thought fit to denounce the clique, as an un- constitutional and tyrannical body, and to table a motion for an enquiry as to its nature, members, and proceedings. So strong was the general alarm that he could not even find a seconder. But the matter did not stop there. The rash meddler had drawn upon himself the vengeance of a remorseless foe. His business began to fall off; rumours of the most malig- nant description were circulated regarding his character ; two of his relatives who held situa- tions were dismissed without warning and without apology; his credit was assailed in every quarter ; and in less than six months after he had made that most unfortunate harangue, the name of Thomas Gritt, baker, in Dreepdaily, was seen to figure in the Ga- zette. So fell Gritt a martyr, and if any one mourned for him, it was in secret, and the profoundest awe. Such was the political state of matters at the time when I rode down the principal street of Dreepdaily. I need hardly say that I did not know a single soul in the burgh ; in that re- spect, indeed there was entire reciprocity on both sides, for the requisition referred to in my address was a felicitous fiction by M‘Corkin- dale. I stopped before a substantial bluff- looking house, the lower part of which was occupied as a shop and a scroll above informed me that the proprietor was Walter Binkie, grocer. A short squat man, with an oleaginous face and remarkably bushy eye-brows, was the act of weighing out a pennyworth of “sweeties ” to a little girl as I entered. “ Is the Provost of Dreepdaily within ?” asked I. “ I’se warrant he’s that,” was the reply ; “ Hae, my dear, there’s a sugar almond t’ye into the bargain. Gae your waus hame noo, and tell your mither that I’ve some grand new tea. Weel, sir, what was you want- ing ? ” “ I wish particularly to speak to the Pro- vost.” “ Weel, then, speak awa’, ”and he straight- way squatted himself before his ledger. “ I beg your pardon, sir ! Have I really the honour of addressing ——” “ Walter Binkie, the Provost of this burgh. But if ye come on council matters, ye’re lang ahint the hour. I’m just steppin’ up to denner and never do business after that.” “ But perhaps you will allow me——” “ I will allow nae man, sir, to interrupt my leisure. If ye’re wanting anything, gang to the Town Clerk.” “ Permit me one moment—my name is Dun- shunner." “ Eh, what !” cried the Provost, bounding from his stool, “ speak lower, or the lad will hear ye. Are ye the gentleman that’s stanin’ for the burrows ?” “ The same.” “ Lord-sake ! what for did ye no say that afore? Jims, I say, Jims! Look after the shop ! Come this way, sir, up the stair, and take care ye dinna tumble on that toom cask o’ saut.” I followed the Provost up a kind of cork- screw stair, until we emerged upon a landing place in his own proper domicile. We entered the dining-room. It was showily furnished ; with an enormous urn of paper roses in the grate, two stuffed paraquets upon the mantel- piece, a flamingo coloured carpet, enormous worsted bell-pulls, and a couple of portraits by some peripatetic follower of Vandyke, one of them representing the Provost in his civic cos- tume, and the other bearing some likeness to a fat female in a turban, with a Cairngorm brooch about the size of a platter on her breast, and no want of carmine on the space dedicated to the cheeks. The Provost locked the door, and then clapped his ear to the keyhole. He next ap- proached the window, drew down the blinds so as effectually to prevent any opposite scru- tiny, and motioned me to a seat. “ And so ye’re Mr. Dunshunner ?” said he. “ Oh man, but I have been wearyin’ to see you !” “ Indeed ! you flatter me very much.” “ Nae flattery Mr. Dunshunner—nane ! I’m a plain honest man, that’s a’, and naebody can say that Wattie Binkie has blawn in their lug. And sae ye’re comin’ forrard for the burrows ? It’s a bauld thing, sir—a bauld thing, and a great honour ye seek. No that I think ye winna do honour it, but its a great trust for sae young a man ; a heavy responsibility as a body may say, to hang upon a callant’s shou- thers.” “ I hope, Mr, Binkie, that my future con- duct may show that I can at least act up to my professions.” “Nae doubt sir—I’m no misdoubtin’ ye, and to say the truth, ye profess weel. I have read yer address, sir, and I like yer princi- ples—they’re the stench auld Whig anes — keep a’ we can to ourselves, and haud a gude grup. But wha’s bringing ye forrard ? Wha signed yer requisition? No the Kittleweem folk, I hope ?—That wad be a sair thing against ye.” “ Why, no — certainly not. The fact is, Mr. Binkie, that I have not seen the requisi- tion. Its contents were communicated by a third party, on whom I have the most perfect reliance; and as I understood there was some delicacy, in the matter, I did not think it proper to insist upon a sight of the signa- tures.” The Provost gave a long whistle. “ I see it not !” he said, “ I see it ; I kent there was something gaun on forbye the common. Ye’re a lucky man, Mr. Dunshun- ner, and ye’re election is as sure as won. Ye’ve been spoken to by them ye ken o’? ” “ Upon my word—I do not understand—” “ Ay — ay ! Ye’re richt to be cautious. Weel, I wat they are kittle cattle to ride the water on. But wha was’t, sir,—wha was’t ? Ye needna be feared of me. I ken how to keep a secret.” “ Really, Mr. Binkie, except through a third party, as I have told you already, I have had no communication with any one.” “Weel they are close— there’s nae denyin’ that. But ye surely maun ha some inkling o’ the men—Them that’s ahint the screen, ye ken?” “ Indeed, I have not. But stay—if you al- lude to the clique—” “Wheest, sir, wheest !” cried the Provost in an agitated tone of voice. “ Gudesake, tak care what ye say—ye dinna ken wha may hear ye. Ye have spoken a word that I havena heard this mony a day without shaking in my shoon. Ay speak ceevily of the devil — ye dinna ken how weel ye may be acquaint !” “ Surely, sir, there can be no harm in men- tioning the—” “ No under that name, Mr. Dunshunner—no’ under that name, and no’here. I wadna ca’ them that on the tap of Ben Nevis without a grue. Ay—and sae THEY are wi’ ye, are they ? Weel they are a queer set ?” “ You know the parties then, Mr. Binkie?” “ I ken na mair about them than I ken whaur to find the caverns o’ the east wind. Whether they are three or thretty or a hunder surpasses my knowledge, but they have got the secret o’ the fern seed, and walk about invisible. It’s a’ thegether a great mystery, but doubtless ye will obtain a glimpse. In the mean time since ye come from that quarter, I am bound to obey. “ You are very kind, I am sure, Mr. Binkie. May I ask then your opinion of matters as they stand at present ?” “ Our present member, Mr. Whistlerigg, will not stand again. He’s got some place or either up in London ; and, my certie, he’s worked weel for it ! There’s nabody else stannin’ forbye that man Pozzlethwaite, and he durna verra weel ken what he is himself. If it’s a’ richt yonder,” continued the Provost, jerking his thumb over his left shoulder, “ye’re as gude as elected.” As it would have been extremely impolitic for me under present circumstances to have disclaimed all connection with a body which exercised an influence so marked and decided, I allowed Provost Binkie to remain under the illusion that I was the chosen candidate of the clique. In fact I had made up my mind that I should become so at any cost, so soon as it vouchsafed to disclose itself and appear before my longing eyes. I therefore launched at once into practical details, in the discussion of which the Provost exhibited both shrewdness and good-will, he professed his readiness at once to become chairman of my committee, drew out a list of the most influential persons in the burgh to whom I ought immediately to apply, and gave me much information regarding the politics of the other places. From what he said, I gathered that, with the aid of the clique I was sure of Dreepdaily and Drouthielaw—as to the electors of Kittleweem, they were, in his opinion, “a wheen dirt,” whom it would be useless to consult, and hopeless to con- ciliate. I certainly had no previous idea that the bulk of the electors had so little to say in the choice of their own representative. When I ventured to hint at the remote possi- bility of a revolt, the Provost indignantly ex- claimed “They daurna, sir—they daurna for the lives of them do it ! Set them up, indeed ! Let me see ony man that wad venture to vote against the Town Council and the — and them, and I’ll make a clean sweep of him out of Dreepdaily!” Nothing in short could have been more satis- factory than this statement. The Provost continued — “Just ae word mair. Promising is a cheap thing, and ye needna be vera sparing of it. If ony body speaks to ye about a gaugership, or a place in the Customs or the Post office, just gie ye a bit wink, take out your note-book, and make a mark wi’ the keelavine pen. It aye looks weel, and gangs as far as a downright promise. Deny or refuse naebody. Let them think that ye can do every thing wi’ the mi- nistry ; and if there should happen to be a whaup in the rape, let them even find it out theirsells. Tell them that ye stand up for Dreepdaily and its auld charter, and the Whig constitution, and liberal principles. Maist feck o’ them dinna ken what liberal principles is, but they like the word. I while think that liberal principles means saying muckle and doing naething, but you need na tell them that. The Whigs are lang-headed chiells, and they hae had the sense to claim a’ the liberality to themsells, ever since the days o’ the Reform Bill.” Such and such-like were the valuable maxims which Provost Binkie instilled into my mind during the progress of breakfast. I must say they made a strong impression upon me ; and any candidate who may hereafter come forward for the representation of a Scot- tish burgh, on principles similar to my own, would do well to pursue and remember them. At length I rose to go, * * * * * * Directed by the Provost’s list, I set forth in search of my constituency. The first elector whose shop I entered was a draper of the name of M‘Auslan. I found him in the midst of his tartans. “ Mr. M‘Auslan, I presume ?” “ Ay,” was the curt response. “ Allow me to introduce myself, sir. My name is Dunshunner.” “ Oh.” “ You are probably aware, sir, that I am a candidate for the representation of these burghs?” “Ay.” “I hope and trust, Mr. M‘Auslan, that my principles are such as meet with your ap- probation ?” “ May be.” “ I am a friend, sir, to civil and religious liberty, — to Dreepdaily and its charter, —to the old Whig constitution of 1688, —and to the true interests of the people.” “ Weel?” “ Confound the fellow!” thought I, “ was there ever such an insensate block ? I must bring him to the point at once. Mr. M‘Auslan.” I continued in a very insinuating tone, “ such being my sentiments, may I venture to calculate on your support?” “ There’s twa words to that bargain,” re- plied M‘Auslan, departing from monosyllables. “ Any further explanation that may be re- quired, I am sure, I will readily——” “ It’s nae use.” “ How ?" said I, a good deal alarmed. “ Is it possible you are already pledged ?” “ No.” “Then what objection—” “ I made nane, I see ye dinna ken us here. The pear’s no ripe yet” “ What pear?” asked I, astonished at this horticultural allusion. “ Hark ye,” said M‘Auslan, looking steal- thily around him, and for the first time ex- hibiting some marks of intelligence in his fea- tures— “ Hark ye, —hae ye seen Toddy Tam yet ?” “ Mr. Gills ? Not yet. I am just going to wait upon him ; but Provost Binkie has pro- mised me his support.” “ Wha cares for Provost Binkie! Gang to Toddy Tam.” Not one other word could I extract from the oracular M‘Auslan; so, like a pilgrim, I turned my face towards Mecca, and sallied forth in quest of this all-important personage. On my way, however, I entered the house of another voter, one Shanks, a member of the Town Council, from whom I received equally unsatisfactory replies. He, like M‘Auslan, pointed steadily towards Toddy Tam. Now, who and what was the individual who, by the common consent of his townsmen, had earned so honorable an epithet ? Mr. Thomas Gills had at one time been a clerk in the office of the departed Linklater. His function was not strictly legal, nor con- fined to the copying of processes : it had a broader and wider scope, and was exercised in a more congenial manner. In short, Mr. Gills was a kind of provider for the establishment. His duties were to hunt out business, which he achieved to a miracle by frequenting every possible public-house, and wringing from them, amidst their cups, the stories of the wrongs of his compotators. Wo to the wight who sat down for an afternoon’s convivality with Toddy Tam ! Before the mixing of the fourth tumbler, the ingenious Gills was sure to elicit some hardship or grievance, for which benignant Thomas could give redress ; and rare indeed was the occurrence of the evening on which he did not capture some additional clients. He would even go the length of treating his victim, when inordinately shy, until the fatal mandate was given, and retract- tion utterly impossible. Such decided business talents, of course, were not overlooked by the sagacious Lau- rence Linklater. Gills enjoyed a large salary, the greater moiety of which ho consumed in alcoholic experiments ; and shortly before the decease of his patron, he was promoted to the lucrative and easy office of some county re- gistrarship. He now began to cultivate con- viviality for its own especial sake. It was no longer dangerous to drink with him ; for though, from habit, he continued to poke into grievances, he never, on the following morn- ing, pursued the subject further. But what was most remarkable about Toddy Tam was his independence. He never truckled to dic- tation from tiny quarter ; but, whilst Binkie and the rest were in fear and terror at the clique, he openly defied that body, and dared them to do their worst. He was the only man in Dreepdaily who ventured to say that Tom Gritts was right in the motion he made, and he further added, that if he, Thomas Grills, had been in the Town Council, the worthy and patriotic baker should not have wanted a seconder. This was considered a very daring speech, and one likely to draw down the ven- geance of the unrelenting junta ; but the thunder slept in the cloud, and Mr. Gills en- joyed himself as before. I found him in his back parlour in company with a very rosy individual. Although it was not yet noon, a case bottle and glasses were on the table, and the whole apartment stunk abo- minably with the fumes of whisky. “ Sit in, Mr. Dunshunner, sit in!” said Toddy Tam, in a tone of great cordiality, after I had effected my introduction, “ Ye’ll no hae had your morning yet ? Lass, bring in a clean glass for the gentleman.” “ I hope you will excuse me, Mr. Gills, I really never do—” “ Hoots—nonsense ! Ye maun be neigh- bour-like, ye ken—we a’ expect it at Dreep- daily.” And so saying, Toddy Tam poured me out a full glass of spirits. I had as lieve have swallowed ink, but I was forced to con- strain myself and bolt it. “ Ay, and so ye are coming round to us as a candidate, are ye ! What d’ ye think o’ that Mr. Thomson—hae ye read Mr. Dunshunner’s address ?” The rubicund individual chucked, leered, and rose to go, but Toddy Tam laid a heavy hand upon his shoulder. “ Sit ye down, man,” he said ; “ I’ve nae- thing to say to Mr. Dunshunncr that the hail warld may not hear, nor him to me neither, I hope.” “ Certainly not,” said I ; " and I really should feel it as a great obligation if Mr. Thomson would be kind enough to remain.” “ That’s right, lad !” shouted Gills. “ Nae hole-and-corner work for me ! A’ fair and abune board, and the deil fly away with the Clique !” Had Thomson been an ordinary man he probably would have grown pale at this daring objurgation : as it was, ho fidgetted in his chair, and his face became a shade more crim- son. “ Weel, now,” continued Toddy Tam, “ let us hear what Mr. Dunshunner has got to say for himself. There’s naething like hearing opinions before we put ony questions.” Thus adjured, I went through the whole of my political confession of faith, laying, of course, due stress on the great and glorious Revolution of 1688, and my devotion to the cause of liberality. Toddy Tam and his com- panion heard me to the end without interrup tion. “ Gude— sae far gude, Mr. Dunshunner,” said Gills, “ I see little to object to in your general principles ; but for a’ that I’m no going to pledge mysel until I ken mair o’ ye. I hope, sir, that ye’re using nae underhand influence that there has been nae communings with the Clique, a body that I perfectly abominate ! Dreepdaily shall never be made a pocket bur- row, so long as Thomas Gills has any influence in it.” I assured Mr. Gills what was the naked truth, that I had no knowledge whatever of the clique. “ Ye see, Mr. Dunshunner,” continued Toddy Tam, “ we are a gey and independent sort of people here, and we want to be inde- pendently represented. My good friend, Mr. Thomson here, can tell you that I have had a sair fecht against secret influence, and I am amaist feared that some men like the Provost owe me a grudge for it. He’s a pawkie loon, the Provost, and kens brawly how to play his cards.” “ He’s a’ that !” ejaculated Thomson, “ But I dinna care a snuff of tobacco for the hail of the Town Council or the clique. Give me a mnn of perfect independence, and I will support him. I voted for the last member suir against my conscience, for he was put up by the clique, and never came near us ; but I hope better things frae you, Mr. Dunshunner, if you should happen to be returned. Mind, I don’t say that I am going to support ye—I maun think about it but if ye are a good man and a true, and no a nominee, I dare say that both my gude friend Thomson and myself, will no objeck to lend you a helping hand.” This was all I could extract from Toddy Tam, and, though favourable, it was far from being satisfactory. There was a want, from some cause or another, of that cordial support which I had been led to anticipate ; and I almost felt half inclined to abandon the enter- prise altogether. However after having issued my address, this would have looked like cow- ardice. I therefore diligently prosecuted my canvass, and contrived, in the course of the day, to encounter a great portion of the elec- tors. Very few pledged themselves. Some surly independents refused point-blank -alleg- ing that they did not intend to vote at all : others declined to promise, until they should know how Toddy Tam and other magnates were likely to go. My only pledges were from the sworn retainers of the Provost. Mysie was the bearer of a billet, addressed to myself, and marked “ private and par- ticular.” I opened it and read as fol- lows :— Sir,—Some of those who are well disposed towards you have arranged to meet this night, and desirous of a private interview at which full and mutual explanations may be given. It may he right to mention to you that the question of the currency will form the basis of any political arrangement ; and it is expected that you will then be prepared to state explicitly your views with regard to bullion. Something more than pledges upon this subject will be required. “ As this meeting will be a strictly private one, the utmost secrecy must be observed. Be on the bridge at eleven o’clock this night, and you will be conducted to the appointed place. Do not fail as you value your own interest. Yours, etc. SHELL OUT. “ Who brought this letter, Mysie?” said I, considerably flustered at its contents. “ A laddie. He said there was nae answer, and ran awa.” CHAPTER IV. * * * * * * Just as I reached the bridge, beneath which the river was roaring rather uncomfortably, a ragged-looking figure started out from an entry? A solitary lamp, suspended from above, gave me a full view of this personage, who resembled an animated scarecrow. He stared me full in the face, and then mut- tered, with a wink and a leer, — “ Was ye seekin’ for anybody the nicht? Eh now, man, but its cauld !” “ Who may you be, my friend ?” said I, edging off from my uncompromising acquain- tance. It turned out this was an idiot lad, sent to lead me to the promised meeting. I made up my mind at once to run all risks and follow him. Geordie strode on, selecting apparently the most unfrequented lanes, and making, as I anxiously observed, for a remote part of the suburbs. Nor was his voice silent during our progress, for he kept regaling me with a series of snatches, which being for the most part of a most supernatural and diabolical tendency, did not much contribute towards the restora- tion of my equanimity. At length he paused before a small house, the access to which was by a downward flight of steps. “ Ay—this is the place !” he muttered. " I ken it weel. It’s no just bad the whusky that they sell, but they needna put so muckle water intil ’t.” So saying, he descended the stair. I fol- lowed. There was no light in the passage, but the bauldy went forward stumbling and groping in the dark. I saw a bright ray streaming through a crevice, and three distinct knocks were given. “ Come in, whaever ye are !” said a bluff voice ; and I entered a low apartment, in which the candles looked yellow through a fog of tobacco-smoke. Three men were seated at a deep table, covered with the implements of national conviviality ; and to my intense asto- nishment none of the three were strangers to me. I at once recognised the features of the taciturn M‘Auslan, the wary Shanks, and the independent Mr. Thomas Gills. “ There’s the man ye wanted,” said Geordie, flapping me familiarly on the shoulder. Whaur’s the dram ye promised me ? In Campbeltown my luve was born, Her mither in Gain Turri !! But Ferintosh is the place for me, For that’s the strangest speerit ! “ Haud yer clavering tongue, ye common village !” said Toddy Tam. " Wad ye bring in the neebourhood on us ? M‘Auslan, gi’e the body his dram, and then see him out of the door. We manna be interfered wi’ in our cracks.” M‘Auslan obeyed. A large glass of alcohol was given to my guide, who swallowed it with a sigh of pleasure. “ Eh, man ! that’s gude and strang ! It’s no ilka whusky ’mak Geordie Dowie pech. Fair fa’ yer face my honny M‘Auslan, could you no just gi’e us anither.” “ Pit him out!” said the remorseless Gills. “ It’s just extraordinar how fond the creature is o’ drink !” and Geordie was forcibly ejected, after an ineffectual clutch at the bottle. “ Sit ye down, Mr. Dunshunner,” said Toddy Tam, addressing himself to me ; " sit ye down, and mix yoursel’ a tumbler. I dare say now ye was a little surprised at the note ye got this morning, eh ?” “ Why, certainly, Mr. Gills, I did not anti- cipate the pleasure ——” “ Ay, I kenned yo wad wonder at it. But ilka place has it’s in ways o’ doing business, and this is ours-quiet and cozy, ye see. Ise warrant, too, ye thocht McAuslan a queer ane because he wadna speak out ?” I laughed dubiously towards M‘Auslan, who responded with the austerest of possible grins. “ And Shanks, too,” continued Toddy Tam, “ Shanks wadna speak out neither. They’re auld-farrant hands baith o’ them, Mr. Dun- shunner, and they didna like to promise ony thing without me. We three aye gang the gither.” “ I hope, then, Mr. Gills, that I may calcu- late upon your supports and that of your friends. My views upon the currency——” “ Ay? that’s speaking out at once. Hoo muckle?” “ Ay! hoo muckle?” interposed M‘Auslan, with a glistening eye. “ I really do not understand you, gentle- men.” “ Troth, then, ye’re slow at the uptak,” re- marked Gills, after a meaning pause. “ I see we maun be clear and conceese. Hark ye, Mr. Dunshunner, who do ye think we are?” “ Three most respectable gentlemen, for whom I have the highest possible regard.” “ Hoots ! nonsense! D’ye no ken?” “ No,” was my puzzled response. “ Weel, then,” said Toddy Tam, advancing his lips to my ear, and pouring forth an al- coholic whisper—“ we three can do mair than ye think o’. Its huz that is the Clique!” I recoiled in perfect amazement, and gazed in succession upon the countenances of the three compatriots. Yes—there could be no doubt about it—I was in the presence of the tremendous junta of Dreepdaily; the veil of Isis had been lifted up, and the principal figure upon the pedestal was the magnanimous and independent Gills. Always a worshipper of genius, I began to entertain a feeling little short of veneration towards Toddy Tam. The ad- mirable manner in which he had contrived to conceal his real power from the public — his assumed indignation and horror of the Clique —and his hold over all classes of the electors, demonstrated him at once to be a consummate master of the political art. Machiavelli could not have devised a subtler stratagem than Gills. “ That’s just the plain truth o’ the matter,” observed Shanks, who had hitherto remained silent. “ We three is the Clique, and we hae the representation o’ the burrow in our hands. Now, to speak to the point, if we put our names down on your committee, you carry the election, and we’re ready to come to an under- standing upon fair and liberal grounds. And we did come to an understanding upon grounds which might be justly characterized as fair on the one side, and certainly liberal on the other. There was of course some little dis- cussion as to the lengths I was expected to go in financial matters ; and it was even hinted that, with regard to bullion, the honorable Mr. Pozzlethwaite might possibly entertain as en- larged views as myself. However, we fortu- nately succeeded in adjusting all our differ- ences. I not only promised to give the weight of my name to a bill, but exhibited, upon the spot, a draft which met with the cordial appro- bation of my friends, and which indeed was so satisfactory, that they did not offer to return it. “ That’s right, then,” said Toddy Tam, in- serting the last-mentioned document in a greasy pocket-book. “ Our names go down on your committy, and the election is as gude as won !” An eldritch laugh at a little window, which communicated with the street, at this moment electrified the speaker. There was a glimpse of a human face seen through the dingy pane. A loud oath burst from the lips of Toddy Tam Thomas. “ Some deevil has been watching us !” he cried. “ Rin, M‘Auslan, rin for your life and grip him afore he can turn the corner ! I wad not for a thousand pund that this nicht’s wark were to get wind !” M‘Auslan rushed, as desired ; but all his efforts were ineffectual. The fugitive, whoever he was, had very prudently dived into the darkness, and the draper returned without his victim. “ What is to be done ?” said I. “ It strikes me, gentlemen, that this may turn out to be a very unpleasant business.” “ Nae fears—nea fears !” said Toddy Tam, looking, however, the reverse of comfortable. “ It will hae been some callant trying to fley us, that’s a’. But, mind ye, no a word o this to ony living human being, and aboon a’ to Provost Binkie. I’ve keepit him for four years in the dark, and it never wad do to show the cat the road to the kern !” I acquiesced in the precautionary arrange- ment, and we parted; Toddy Tam and his friends having, by this time, disposed of all the surplus fluid. It was very late before I reached the Provost’s dwelling. CHAPTER V. Parliament was at length dissolved ; the new writs were issued, and the day of nomina- tion fixed for the Dreepdaily burghs. For a time it appeared to myself, and indeed to almost every one else, that my return was per- fectly secure. Provost Binkie was in great glory, and the faces of the unknown clique were positively radiant with satisfaction. But a storm was brewing in another quarter, upon which we had not previously calculated. The Honorable Mr. Pozzlethwaite, my op- ponent, had fixed his head-quarters at Drou- thielaw, and to all appearance was making very little progress in Dreepdaily. Two days before the nomination, a new can- didate appeared in the field. Sholto Douglas was the representative of one of the oldest branches of his distinguished name, and the race to which he more immediately belonged had ever been foremost in the ranks of Scot- tish chivalry and patriotism. In fact, no family had suffered more from their attach- ment to the cause of legitimacy than the Douglases of Inverlachan. Forfeiture after forfeiture had cut down their broadlands to a narrow estate, and but for an unexpected Indian legacy, the present heir would have been marching as a subaltern in a foot regiment. But a large importation of rupees had infused new life and spirit into the bosom of Sholto Douglas. Young, eager, and enthusiastic, he determined to rescue himself from obscurity ; and the pre- sent state of the Dreepdaily burghs appeared to offer a most tempting opportunity. Douglas was, of course, Conservative to the backbone ; but more than that, he openly proclaimed him- self a friend of the people, and a supporter of the rights of labour. “ Confound the fellow !” said Bob M‘Cork- indale to me, the morning after Sholto’s ad- dress had been placarded through the burghs, “ who would have thought of an attack of this kind from such a quarter. Have you seen his manifesto, Dunshunner?” “ Yes—here it is in the Patriot. The editor, however, gives him it soundly in the leading article. I like his dogmatic style and whole- sale denunciations of the Tories.” “ I’ll tell you what it is, though—I look upon this as anything but a joke. Douglas is evidently not a man to stand upon old aristo- cratic pretensions. He has got the right sow by the ear this time, and had he started a little earlier, might have roused the national spirit to a very unpleasant pitch. You observe what he says about Scotland ; the neglect of her local interests, and the manner in which she has been treated, with reference to Ireland.” The morning of the day appointed for the nomination dawned upon the people of Dreep- daily with more than usual splendour. For once, there was no mist upon the surrounding hills, and the sky was clear as sapphire. I rose early to study my speech, which had re- ceived the finishing touches from M‘Corkin- dale on the evening before ; and I flattered myself it was as pretty a piece of Whig rheto- ric as ever was spouted from a hustings. Toddy Tam, indeed, had objected, upon seeing a draft, that “ there was nae banes intil it ;” but the political economist was considered by the committee a superior authority on such subjects to Gills. After having carefully conned it over, I went down stairs, where the whole party were already assembled. A large blue and yellow flag, with the inscription, “ Dunshunner and the Good Cause!” was hung out from the window to the intense delight of a gang of urchins, who testified to the popula- rity of the condidate by ceaseless vociferation to “ poor out.” The wall opposite, however, bore some memoranda of an opposite tendency, for I could see some large placards, newly pasted up, on which the words, “ Electors of Dreepdaily! You are sold by the Clique !” were conspicuous in enormous capitals. I heard, too, something like a ballad chanted, in which my name seemed to be coupled, irreverently, with that of the independent Gills. Provost Binkie—who, in common with the rest of the company, wore upon his bosom an enormous blue and buff cockade, prepared by the fair hands of his daughter—saluted me with great cordiality. I ought to observe that the Provost had been kept as much as possible in the dark regarding the actual result of the canvass. He was to propose me, and it was thought that his nerves would be more steady if he came forward under the most positive conviction of success. “ This is a great day, Mr. Dunshunner-a great day for Dreepdaily,” he said. “ A day, if I may sae speak, o’ triumph and rejoicing ! The news o’ this will rin frae one end o’ the land to the ither—for the een o’ a’ Scotland is fixed on Dreepdaily, and the stench auld Whig principles is sure to prevail, even like a mighty river that rins down in spate to the sea !” I justly concluded that this figure of speech formed part of the address to the electors, which for the two last days had been simmer- ing in the brain of the worthy magistrate, along with the fumes of the potations he had imbibed, as incentives to the extraordinary effort. Of course I took care to appear to participate in his enthusiasm. My mind, however, was very far from being thoroughly at ease. As twelve o’clock, which was the hour of nomination, drew near, there was a great mus- ter at my committee-room. The band of the Independent Tee-totallers was in attendance. They had been well primed with ginger cordial, and were obstreperous to a gratifying degree. Toddy Tam came up to me with a face of the colour of carnation “ I think it richt to tell ye, Mr. Dunshunner, that there will be a bit o’ a bleeze ower yonder at the hustings. The Kittleweem folk has come through in squads, and Lord Hartside’s tenantry have marched in a body, wi’ Sholto Douglas’s colours flying.” “ And the Drouthielaw fellows—what has become of them ?” “ Oh, they’re no’ wi’ us either—they’re just savage at the Clique ! Gudesake, Mr. Dun- shunner, tak tent, and dinna say a word aboot huz. I intend myself to denounce the body, and may be that will do us gude.” I highly approved of Mr. Gill’s determina- tion and as the time had now come, we formed in column, and marched towards the hust- ings with the teetotal band in front, play- ing a very lugubrious imitation of “ Glorious Apollo.” The other candidates had already taken their places. The moment I was visible to the au- dience, I was assailed by a volley of yells, among which cries of “ Doun wi’ the Clique !” —“ Wha bought them?” —“Nae nominee!” —“We’ve had eneuch o’ the Whigs !” &c.;, were distinctly audible. This was not at all the kind of reception I had bargained for ; however, there was nothing for it but to put on a smiling face, and I reciprocated cour- tesies as well as I could with both of my honourable opponents. During the reading of the writ and the Bri- bery Act, there was a good deal of joking, which I presume was intended to be good humoured. At the same time there could be no doubt that it was distinctly personal. I heard my name associated with epithets of any thing but an endearing description, and, to say the truth, if choice had been granted, I would far rather have been at Jericho than in the front of the hustings at Dreepdaily. A man must be, indeed, intrepid, and conscious of a good cause, who can oppose himself without blenching to the objurgation of an ex- cited mob. The Honorable Paul Pozzlethwaite, on ac- count of his having been the earliest candidate in the field, was first proposed by a town coun- cillor of Drouthielaw. This part of the cere- mony appeared to excite but little interest, the hooting and cheering being pretty equally dis- tributed. It was now our turn. “ Gang forrard, Provost, and be sure ye speak out!” said Toddy Tam ; and Mr. Binkie advanced accordingly. Thereupon such a row commenced as I never had witnessed before. Yelling is a faint word to express the sounds of that storm of extraor- dinary wrath which descended upon the head of the devoted Provost, “ Clique, Clique !” resounded on every side, and myriads of eyes, ferocious as those of the wild cat, were bent scowlingly on my worthy proposer. In vain did he gesticulate—in vain implore. The voice of Demosthenes—nay, the deep bass of Stentor himself—could not have been heard amidst that infernal uproar ; so that, after working his arms for a time like the limbs of a telegraph, exerting himself until he became absolutely swart in the face, Binkie was fain to give it up, and retired amidst a whirlwind of abuse. “ May the deil fly awa’ wi the hail pack o’ them!” said he, almost blubbering with excite- ment and indignation. “ Wha wad ever hae thought to have seen the like o’ this ? and huz, too, that gied them the Reform Bill ! Try your hand at them, Tam, for my heart’s amaist broken !” The bluff independent character of Mr. Gills, and his reputed purity from all taint ot the Clique, operated considerably in his favour He advanced amidst general cheering, and cries of “ Noo for Toddy Tam” “ Let’s hear Mr. Gills !” and the like ; and as he tossed his hat aside and clenched his brawny fist, he really looked the incarnation of a sturdy and independent elector. His style, too, was decidedly popular “ Listen tae me!” he said, “ and let thae brawlin’ braggin’, bletherin’ idiwits frae Drou- thielaw baud their lang clavering tongues, and no keep rowtin’ like a herd of senseless nowte ! (Great cheering from Dreepdaily and Kittle- weem-considerable disapprobation from Drou- thielaw.) I ken them weel, the auld haverils. (Cheers.) But you, my friends, that I have dwalt wi’ for twenty years, is it possible that ye can believe for one moment that I wad sub- mit to be dictated to by a Clique ? (Cries of “ no! no!” “ It’s no’ you, Tam!” and con- fusion.) No’ me? I dinna thank ye for that! Wull ony man daur say to my face, that I ever colleagued wi’ a pac that wad buy and sell the haill of us as readily as ye can deal wi’ sheep’s heads in the public market? (Laughter.) Div ye think that if Mr. Dunshunner was ony way mixed up wi’ that gang, I would be here this day tae second him ? Div ye think-” Here Mr. Gills met with a singular inter- ruption. A remarkable figure attired in a red coat and cocked hat, at one time probably the property of a civic officer, and who had been observed for some time bobbing about in front of the hustings, was now elevated upon the shoulders of a yeoman, and displayed to the delighted spectators the features of Geordie Dowie. “ Ay, Toddy Tam, are ye there, man ?” cried Geordie, with a malignant grin, “ What was you and the Clique doin’ at Nanse Fin- lasen’s on Friday night ?” “What was it, Geordie? What was it?” cried a hundred voices. “ Am I to be interrupted by a natural ?” cried Gills, looking, however, considerably flushed in the face. “ What hae ye dune wi’ the notes, Tam, the lang chield up by there gied ye? And whaur’s your freends Shanks and M‘Auslan ? See that ye steek to the window nist time, ma man !” cried Geordie, with demoniac fe- rocity. This was quite enough for the mob, who seldom require any excuse for a display of their hereditary privileges. A perfect hurri- cane of hissing and of yelling arose, and Gills, though he fought like a hero, was at last forced to retire from the contest. Had Geordie Dowie’s windpipe been within his grasp at that moment, I would not have in- sured for any amount the life of the perfidious spy. Sholto Douglas was proposed and seconded amidst great cheering, and then Pozzlethwaite rose to speak. I do not very well recollect what he said, for I had quite enough to do in thinking of myself, and the Honorable Paul would have conferred a material obligation upon me, if he had talked for an hour longer. At length my turn came. “ Electors of Dreepdaily !” That was the whole of my speech, at least the whole of it that was audible to any one human being. Humboldt, if I recollect right, talks in one of his travels of having somewhere encountered a mountain composed of millions of snakes, whose hissing might have equalled that of the transformed legions of Pandemo- nium. I wish Humboldt, for the sake of scientific comparison, could have been upon the hustings that day ! Certain I am, that the sibilation did not leave my ears for a fort- night afterwards, and even now, in my slum- bers, I am haunted by a wilderness of asps ! However, at the urgent entreaty of M‘Corkindale, I went off for about ten minutes, though I was quivering in every limb, and as pale as a ghost ; and in order that the public might not lose the benefit of my sentiments, I concluded by handing a copy of my speech, interlarded with fictitious cheers, to the reporter for the Dreepdaily Pa- triot. That document may still be seen by the curious in the columns of that impartial newspaper. I will state this for Sholto Douglas, that he had behaved like a perfect gentleman. There was in his speech no triumph over the discom- fiture which the other candidates had received. On the contrary, he rather rebuked the audi- ence for not having listened to us with greater patience. He then went on with his oration, need hardly say it was a national one, and it was most enthusiastically cheered. All that I need mention about the show of hands is that it was not by any means hollow in my favour. That afternoon we were not quite so lively in the committee-room as usual. The serenity of Messrs. Gills, M‘Auslan — and perhaps, I may add of myself — was a good deal shaken by the intelligence that a broadside with the tempting title of “ Full and Particular Account of an interview between the Clique and Mr. Dunshunner, held at Nanse Finlaysan’s Tavern, on Friday last, and how they came to terms. By an Eye- witness,” was circulating like wildfire through the streets. To have been beaten by a Douglas was nothing, but to have been so art- fully entrapped by a bauldy ! Provost Binkie, too, was dull and dissatis- fied. The reception he had met with in his native town was no doubt a severe mortifica- tion; but the feeling that he had been used as a cats-paw and implement of the clique was, I suspect, uppermost in his mind. Poor man ! We had great difficulty that evening in bring- ing him to his sixth tumbler. Even M‘Corkindale was hipped. I own I was surprised at this, for I knew of old the in- defatigable spirit and keen energy of my friend, and I thought that he would even have re- doubled his exertions, Such, however, was not the case. I pass over the proceedings at the poll. From a very early hour it became perfectly evident that my chance was utterly gone ; and, indeed, had it been possible, I should have left Dreepdaily before the close. At four o’clock the numbers stood thus : ..........................Dreepdaily. Drouthielaw. Kittleweem. Douglas..................... 94.............. 63............... 192 Puzzlethwaite............ 59.............. 73................. 21 Dunshunner.............. 72.............. 19 ..................7 Majority for Douglas ............................... 196 We had an awful scene in the committee room. Gills, who had been drinking all day, shed copious floods of tears ; Shanks was dis- consolate ; and M‘Auslan refused to be com- forted. Of course I gave the usual pledge that on the very first opportunity I should come forward again to reassert the indepen- dence of the burghs, now infamously sacrificed to a Conservative ; but the cheering at this announcement was of the very faintest descrip- tion, and I doubt whether any one believed me. Two hours afterwards I was miles away from Dreepdaily. 