THE FRENCH AT BRIGHTON. Jolly Mr Punch— As a lone woman, sir, I write to you about our natural defences. I've been reading the Sussex Advertiser, and Brighton, it seems, is in a pretty state of deshabille, any may be surprised any morning-—as one may say—wilh its hair in papers, afore the lown knows where it is. Mr Punch, ihe place is ruined ; lodgers not coming here, as thinking themselves double hazardous. For is it to be believed, sir, that married men wilh families will let their wives and children •come down when—at nb' notice al all the tocrn may be boarded by the French Eleel, and screaming -women aod children be carried off in gigs And jolly boats ; to say nothing of the.property ? And yet,, fitr funci—as.tny pbor dear Geri kins used to ask, and 'specially when h'tl had a glass—and yet we are called upon .'every day, i ifaay'say, to pay taxes. Yes, sir, we are mafle to pay window lights, when, at any minute, our sasbes may ha blown io mincemeat by (he cannon-balls of the French!.. .As Gerkins would have «aid, is .this hpnest ol- Iter Majesty's mioisters ? If ever there was a town (bat bad its weakness—and that weakness known to the French —it is tliiB precious Brighton. Of course. Why, I myself —never minding what I thought tbat the nonsense of natural enemies, so as they paid tlieir way—I have let my first and second floor to French families, that, now, I'm sure of it, only took "em for spies. Ves, sir,; I've no doubt thai Periwinkel Villa, Marine Parade—that's <nv house sir, and painted from top to toe only last May—is known to all the French. There isn'i e French soldier (I'll be bound) that doesn't know where to put his hand upon the plate basket—not a man 'em but wouldu't in the dark, find his way to the beer cellar. (Not but what 1 shall take precious good care to disappoint ihem.) And this it (he case wilh every other house in the place. We are known, inside and out. W$ haven't a garret hid from them. They may cut us up, and share us out like cakes. Thinking of this, I put on my bonnet and viclorine, and went out to look at the town. .When I saw that we'd only a handful of guns at West street, and not so much as a pocket pistol at Seaford Bay, I said to myself—What's to prevent the French coming here whenever Ihey like.?;. Why—I'm certain of It when the moon didn't shine, ihey might come over, and let themselves into the lown with latch keys; for.it isn't likely so many lodgers as there have been here —that tliey went away without taking false ones. I am ho't a timid woman, Mr Punch —poor Gerkins would always allow that much of me; but upon my word and honour I do assure you, when I saw myself standing on the Marine parade with not a gun—no, not a single piece ofcold iron, as the words go—between me and France, I did tremble for my Quern (though her Majesty has left us for the Isle of Wight); and I did tremble for Prince Albert and the rest of the Royal Family. I do hope, Mr Punch, that you will write Russell—(who, directly (o I Rear have Admiral somewhere Lord heard, Joint once did 6uch wonders when he commandid the Channel Fleet)—and beg of hi" 1 send two or three hundred ships always to lie between us and the French, The wooden walls, sir,—as poor Gerkins used to say—the true hearts of oak that grow 'be laurel! And moreover, I do think, if government would only send • down Mr T. P. Cooke lo dauce twice B »'gbt the sailor's College Hornpipe, it would do a great deal of good lo public ^ spirit. However, at least I do trust that you will insist upon the heads and branches ol families all going into the Militia. Not that I hope we shall have B n y use f° r tbem—'specially with the hearts of oak beating in (he sea—but there is always this beauty about soldiers; when they're not useful, they're very nice to look at, Once I tiBcd think there was a sort of protection about the royal liveries, that now and then flamed in and out of ihe Paviliou. To be sure—poor things!—they rather looked like the ghosts of footmen on board wages, than the stout rosy fellows that, when George the Fourth used lo bathe here, made the place so gay and handsome. Well, sir, now they are gone. It was a sad sight, bul only yesterday the last lootman (with a carpet bag marked in faded words, ' G R,') took his long leave of Brighton by the second train. And there's the pavilion, as empty and good-for- nothing bb a shell that's held an addled egg. What should be done with that, sir? Why I'll tell you. It should be worked wilh loop holes over and over, and be filled from top to bottom with brass cannons. If brass can't be got, let 'em, without owning it, try wood, as belter matching the building. And moreover, sir, as it's the dull season, 1 do think—especially as the court's left us—that government might take all (be lodging houses (the barracks not holding 'em) for the soldiers. First and second floor for officers—third for men. Struck by this happy thought, I send you my card of terms. Ten guineas first floor, 'seven (he second. Plate and linen found. (Boots not included.) Address, post paid, and believe me, Your obedient servant, MARY GERKINS. P.S.—As at such a time England—as poor Gerkins used to say—expects every woman to do ber duty, I shall have no objection (for an extra three pounds) to mount three cannons at my attic windows, if warranted not to be fired.— Punch. 