tralian Store: informs; i, thlatihe hlistveryifew tickets left for the fortrheming, lo'tery;, so those who are -inclined to risk our Pounds" for tihe chance:' ofgetting SiT rhoui?and, iad better make haste, or they. will: be disappointfi ed. Tl~ere are' no blanks in.tlislottery,evcery one will get soine thing for lis inoney. THEATRICALS.—Tuesday evening last was the most brilliant night- of-thPe perforniiti?ces of the Amateur. Society this:: seapon. .:lImtnediatjly after the doors veere optened, every seat in the room vwas lilled; d an a1 euiber of the aurdience etvre glad 'to f`dl 2aito roni anly where in sight of the stijF B]lhl'ich4i·spect Stounnmier anid iespedetiiittjyi'iiesecii1ay witis everytliing tlhat ,iae annuiteisi cou?l,?l esi.:e.'?i . Idomestic dramin, etitlec the ( U ro.b Londonilnwi 'vspriducd 3ifarit tl1l li 't tiriiej'itu" SqGnit uirn,:: Tlhelithrary. neits tofiftihpeheir ire of the lirst order; and iulmirably1pl.lslamy teli fatal effects of the triumph of vice oter virtie. pThe stditig tirondlient'iisiu- cll' e esi tclitkeepiti"g witlt tlhe spirit oft the :driumam. IThe; se tie'ie tween Old :Iobb,an it the GoldetF U eri t lwhiben otllhe foilner seeks to enlist ie latter inu tlie 'ctlie of° ciline, was adml?it itbly i erfrmei by" MI. ,Alb t?aud lIE. Tulithbitine; l e.,, , thediah `strn Igly i n iiili usganti t uoisaof fYates of the Adiel phi Ttheatit'e.'I)oJetptv ity wietcir \wi ,tiae: Sperfect origintil;of Webstjr-- the si itriblle ipr-. soltifict?oit bof a " hi'eiroost siieal. l .Coitke :as I-lirry? -lrrmeir, f?ill lisuitini'?tiIt i honestI' 'eiarned :lalrnel:aniud;"iaiitimiltithtli ;uk4 pt thlie. hlouse tia ' riitrotf-tgqtihtitr 1wxy~sutevee they ps, spearedl lir. Winkletmsaii a icat itl old iant; his look, irvoice.ani gesture net .tplt pituie to his i e." A.?ot MiHolltil: itsbliow i it'ile thei niost of his cliurtcetr, whichivas si'areelyu Iorthy. iof lisgenius, but, withl the itact ofiit good pter former, he mi'aintaihned Ili?itsoper posittti int:the drianatis ,peBrsoim. Hving 'ow. dote siuch jutice to ilthe mile'pei iti?irrs a's our sietce will. admit of,-we niist notice the debht: of Aliss Kemble who sustained the pirt of Eliabethi, witll a degree of success,' most dnequiivoctl. Owing to that being her first aplearituce iupon any stage, much allowance must be made for her want of conficldene in her dramatic powers; bitt as soon as hdr timidity gives place to an assnit ance, necessary to success, we doubt not,she will take the town by astonishment; ,,The farces of fMy Husband's Ghost, and Fortulies'" Frolid, which were played ilu a highlyj credi'table' manner, concluded the evening's aitnlements. We had almost forgot to mention the'ekceellent comic singing of Messrs, Holltuod and Valenaine between the first and second pieces., FLAW IN THE INDICTMENT. —A man named John Fitzgerald, was tried at the last Criminal Court in Melbourne, for the wilful, murder of.one Thomas Lantran. Mr. Barry, whlo wnes coutisel for the prisoner, contended .that the esvidentie'of the witnesses proved the name of the deceased to be Lautree, and not Lautran. The Jury under the direction of the Judge acquitted the prisoner, who was however afterwards. found guilty of the manslaughter, ,ind sentenced to fif teen months confinement in gaol. MELANCHOLY ACCIDENT.—On Monday, a party of gentlemen left town for. the purpose of pro- ceeding to Mr. Oswin's, about five miles the other side of the Richmond punt, but having made a call at Richmond, where they remained until midnight, one of the party decided upon sleeping there, which he did. The others, con- sisting of the Messrs. Oswin, and a respectable settler, named Mr. Grant, from Bong Bong, who had come down to Melbourne on business; they started on their journey on horseback, when in crossing in the punt, the latter gentleman's horse slipped with his rider into the river; every assistantce that could be rendered was immediatly given. The horse was almost immediately pulled out but the unfortunate rider could not be found.--" P. P: Patriot." DRAMATIC SOCIETY.—The Amateurs will pie. form; again on Tuesd:ay evening next; the pieces selected are the " Mistle-toe Bough," the 4th act? of the "Revenge," and the " Spectre Bridegroom." Mr. Hollanid will introduce in the course of the evening his.famous " Rambo Sambo," the Indian Juggler. From the attractiveness of the bill of fare, the attendance will doubtless be numerous. HORSE SALE.—Mr. Dignam sold, by public auction, on Tuesday lust, at' the yard of the Salutation Iin, a mixed lot of, -horses, which realized as under. Colts from £^2 s. to £-14 s. or at an average of £3 13s. Gd.; a poney at £3. 3s. ; a chesnut filly at £5; an aged.mare, £4 Ss.; a ehtesnut mare, £8, and a cream colored mare £G. The pastoral operation of shearing being general through the district, accocnuted for the paucity -of. buyers; From the prices obtained, horse-flesh, may be considered .as rising in value, as tlhe lot was by no means prime. FATAL ACCIDENT.—On Tuesday last, a man of the name of Banks, a brickmaker, residing at Towrang was killed by the falling in of a large mass of earth, about the weight of a tonl and a half. It appeared that he was employed in pro- curing clay from out of his pit, and that he had dug in under the surface for some distance, when a large bulk of soil gave way and fell upon him, wholly burying him beneath its weight. He was dug out as expeditiously as possible, and medical aid was sent for. Dr:Waugh promptly arrived on the spot, and afforded all the available medical attention possible but the injuries he had sustained were of so serious a nature that he breathed his last, about two hours after he had been extricated. An inquest was held on the body, on the following day, when a verdict of "accidentally killed" was re- turned. We understand that the Rev. Mr. Sowerby was sent for immediately after the accident occurred, but the rev. gentleman did not arrive until two hours after Banks was dead. We ti'ist for-the sake of tlie Church that our information is exaggerated. 'A NRS. CAUDLE.—The following amusing 'dialogue:is,reported to have taken' .plce, be tweene a? laiy and her husband, a certain J. P. whieb s ? t s Lo' been married.-Gent. My d hear,ýiiut'laway niy blue shirt, and give me my coat,; I must sit on the Bench to day.--Lady. '-Tideed! I shall do no such. thing, you must go for a load of water. How am I to get my wash .inig'edone Without water ? besides you kitowc;tihe _bread you set last night must go i ti'~~·'oven, 'oP :t will, be all sour before: Court is ov?, and youu cknotw what a lotof bread we.f'ell to the teams `passing- Cent: ti cised!iit tirare is notia beit of wood opbop j'feidtnot-asl muchl as will cooak tlhe?' ..cnoer. iExit:' Genit., to plerform the above duo ties, at which,.it is said, he is perfectly at li6me.; DEATH FROM BURNING.—An accident of a very distressing nature occurred on Sunday evening to one of the sons of the Rev. Mr. Ma- kinson, a child of about four years of age, at his father's. residence in Castlereagh-street. It appears that within two or three minutes after a female had put the child to bed, she was alarmed by loud screams, and on returning to the apartment found him enveloped in flames, having arisen, and as it is supposed in playing with a candle left burning on the wash-hand stand, ignited his clothes. The flames were promptly extinguished, and Mr. Surgeon Na- than called in. It was then found that the body, hands, face, and thighs were dreadfully burned. Every possible means to save life were tried, but the sufferer, after lingering until early in the forenoon of yesterday expired. An inquest was subsequently held on the body, when a finding of accidental death from burning was recorded.—" S. M. Herald," Nov. 21. ,i .op --Lo ndou, 17th July.-" As the quan c;titly of wool his so muich inoreased from tle Aus ctealie:ca colonties, and incdeed, from al'l tlie?wool !"o'winge cohtitries,;without a corresponidingbut 'let being had for our. manufactures,: the preop or :trol of the coearser wools, so greatly preponderates, ,ove ti? flieiner qiliies, as to iniduice. ieI belief " tiii'it/ithietity i?t quality" plpeai, ;to be nio thlie chieff liject :of tie settler. Mloreoveci,.w: :hlavire atbuindhaice of .the ioarser iviools, ?witllott ,the trouble of resorting to Anistralia, which lat ,terilv leve par titken too muchi of.a kindliess, anti it is vilient to tihose, whio are capable of judg'ifn "of tlie nmierits of tlhe different 'eualities;: that nig inconesiderable' portion of the Leicester has found it's iltoyiiio '-theb ..reed of yotr .slie'p, without munecielieptecattio ltieeiing taklten to introdiuce fresl bio?fi;?o couiifteract eitc itifluence, wthich is so cedeessary to'rpirroite-ai improvemisent in your w'woul..; BIelievinig,. therefoe, tihatt the finer wools 'ate those.oully that aro retuired here, the pro ..duction iof whiliili wvofild prove more literative :to tlies roive', and-lchat Australia '.labours under -'great disaidvantages of distance, it should be the ithe object of the settler to condense value into as small t spaces ts possible, for ihe may rest assured that thle coarser qualities wil , ete longinod'tbe sworthi the trouible of'culivatiitg, iistead of niUlt' 'plyitig sheei by thduslls "ati ls and exteniifing: hisl flockk overe uhbounoehd ispace, 'whilch; from.nithc cnature o f his avocations .andt-e the..scarciy?go :labdur,. 'is b' fer too c'nmblersbtoie, and tnpotefs et duty..t"iat ill ?jliailfies 'hititi'fc th1 si?Upetletisit. 'destce and directioin of one' of thes tiost im?oipi'idsi branchtes connected'with the; economy.. of his statioh."-Ecxtract from Mr, J, Porter's !ast ,etet to the ".P. P. Herald." NEW AUCTIONEERS.—The following persons have applied for Auctioneer's licenses; a inotice to that effect having been afiixed to the door of. the Police Court. Phillip Dignam, Samuel Emanuel and John Mc'Alister. We suppose that the "Chief Constable has thought it advisable to take out a license, in order that he may` i~ able to sell with safety in his capacity of Bailiff of the Small Debts'Court. DOGS.—Up to the present time, 144 dogs have been registered at the Police Office, as being kept in the town of Goulburn., NEW STEAM MILLS.—We understand that. anew Flour Mill and Brewery, are about to be erected in this town. We wish every success to the enterprising speculator. ALMANACKS.—The Australian Almanack for 1849 has made its appearance in Goulburn. It is neatly and correctly printed, and from the variety of its information, forms an indispensa ble publication to all persons in business. EMIGRANTS.—We hive heard from a corres pondent, that there were seventy emigrants at Berrima, on Thursday last, on their way up to Goulburn. As the applications for farm servants have been very numerous lately at the Govern ment depiL, we expect that this batch will' prove very acceptable to the district. APPOINTMENTS.—His Excellency. the Gover nor has been pleased to appoint Daniel Egan, and John Brown, Esqs., of the City of Sydney, to be Magistrates of the Territory and of the City of Sydney. ACCIDENT.—On Thursday evening last, art adcident, that might have proved fatal, hap pened to a man of the name of Cain, residing in Clifford-street, opposite the Emigration depot. .t appeared that he was getting into his bed by meane of a~stool, which he usually used for the purpose, when his foot slipped and he came in contact with a piece of.chamber furniture that was broken, by which his foot was nearly cut off. Dr. Wa~ngh promptly attended the,sufferer, and we are happy to state, that he is in a fair way for recovery. ANOTHER CURE FOR THE FALLING SICKNESS. \--Henry Whititig, a 'son of St. Crispin, resi ding at Red Bank, eloped on Sunday night last with the .beautiiful -Miss Herbert, the daughter of old Herbert. T'he happy couple succeeded in eluding the vigilance of antiquated fathers, mothers, brothers and aunts, and so at the re tired' Church of Bong Bohig, the hymeneal fet ters were closely rivetted, by the Rev. Mr. Stone. The; gay 'Lothariq, his' but lately been cured throuigh the iistrtimintlity of Mr. Professor Holloway's Pills and'Ointment: On the even ing of the happy day, a flag' was hoisted at Mr. Whiting's residence, announcing the completion of thel happy.ceremony. 'FITZnoY Dowrs.-We learn fromi parties who have'just reached this neighbourhood froit the Biilonne, having left that river within the last twelve days, that a station of Mr. M'Pherson's on the Fitz Roy Downs, had been recently rushed by the blacks, and Mr. McP's men fairly driven off, fout of the men losing their lives in saving 'the sl'eep:' Mr. M'Pherson was not at the station at tlhe time, but met his men as he was proceed ing thilFer from Sydney,and immediately turlned' themi b'ick, intending to re-oceupy the station; it \es.thoughlt, however, tlhgt he would be un able to hold his ground against the aborigines.- " Ml'aitland Mercury." 18 th inst. NIGHT LICENSES. - Captain Innes, this morning, at the Police Office, publicly asked the' opinion of Mr.Nichols, respecting the trans fer of 'iight licenses, A short time back the Bench. had decided that night licenses were granted to the house:for the.convenience of the public, and not ,to the.publican; and the ques tion had nov arisen whether a publican remov. ing his licenise from one house to another cotuld take; liis night'license with, hiui: He thought, that untlderthe ruling of the-Bench, the publican could. not, butt. that the night. license would ;become the property of the next occupant of the house for wahich it wais 'granted' ;' Mr. Nichols was 'of the saeie opinlion.:" Sydney Daily News, -1,t insta nt . ,.; , ..' .*, . OCCUPATION OF CROWN LANDS WITHIN THE SETTLED DISTRICTS.— Colonial Secretary's Office, ydn'ey. 2st Nove mbe r1818 .With ire ftereceii o the lRegulations piibibshedon .the 20th Mairchilhati;.:his Exsl ellencyi tl~i Governior, with the aidvie of ithe.Eecutive Cauutcil;. his di ea te ittltobe notified, that nh perssn novw n isual LICENSED occupation of Crown Lands within Ssttled Diestittsiswliolibfore'the!3lst of Desem - baeri nexiiat.~ma~}akeapplieation to purchase cny portion;ngtiqles? .tliau 30 acres thereof, will bo ,peirmittedt teoccupy on the same terms and at the same rent as at present, the section of which :the lanid aplied for forms part, until.su h por 'tipn of land shall have been mes;sured and offered; for ;sale, and, an opportunity shall havo thus been offered to him of acquiring the fee simple. Sections of land of which any portion .may be required for Bale under the terms of this notice, will not be let under the pre-emptive right conferred by clause 16 of the Regulations of the 20th March last; nor will they be ifgain obtainable on lease, even though no part of them be actually sold. In all such .cases those por -tions of sections which may have been put up for sale antid not bid for, or on which the, deposit slIalh havebeen .forfeited, will be kept open to iselctiolf?for ppurchase without competition under the prov?onb of the Land Sales Act 5 and 6 Vi:;iht~p h J' ,1ldd ,the'liRegulations, thereon ifonuted ýiof: the"'st.:of+ bIarchi 1843. -The re ,mainiag portiofs of thlie sections will be reserved until rlqtfired for sale, for the use of the adjoin ing holders ofLand ii fLe-esimple as a Common. By Hi'is xcellency's Commaind, E.'Deas Thom Sson.'-! Goviernment Gazette." 