Tub Legislative Council appears to be moving at a snail's pace. " Slow and sure " may be a sage motto, but in war and poli ties, and we might add in other matters too, it is not on all occasions a desirable maxim to work upon. At the rate the Council is now proceeding, we give ibein at least a month to get through the busi ness before them- Should the ever cele- brated Doubts Bill not be approved at home, nearly all the Acts will require to be re-made, in order to prevent those who for get " the duties they owe to society," by not acknowledging the absolute power of Ilis Excellency, from again doubting the legiility of certain laws (?), and thus again " throwing the whole colony into confu sion" That persons should so forgot them selves, is very distressing — very 1 1 1 The most amusing circumstance, al though a somewhat painful one, is to hear honorable members occasionally talking about " doubts " The cry is help, where no help is," says the song. Their cry is doubt , where no doubt is. " I much doubt how far the former Act applies," says the Colonial Secretary. " There cannot be a doubt about it," says the Attorney General ; every time, up rises another ghost of the Doubts Bill, until every chair at the council table is filled ; and we fancy, in a waking vision, that His Excellency is Macbeth, surround ed by the ghosts of Banquo, and other pale-faced guests of his, who have taken their seats without invitation. We wish to be as serious as possible in treating on so grave a subject, and there fore beg to say by way of farther illustra tion, that on Tuesday last a very peculiar ghost of a doubt was raised by Mr. Leake, not on the donkey-thistle-eating question, but as to whether or not cider was a spiri tuous liquor. After some little time, His Excellency good humouredly suggested, that the Attorney General should solve the question, (viz., lay the ghost, and send him to the right about as an intruder.) The learned gentleman, in the same tone, said he was sorry llis Excellency had thrown so onerous a duty upon him, the Attorney General. lie had a daubt upon the question. The Colonial Secretary, not seeing the joke, said — (at the same time looking as solemn as he could, but not ex actly with tears in his eyes — " 1 have not a doubt about eider ; it is a very heady ar ticle, I assure you." His Excellency smil ed, and the ghost raised by Mr. Leake bolted, riot Mr. Leake, but into the reporters' box, whore we secured him. Before we leave this brief allusion to doubts and dry bones, we cannot do other than request honorable members not to use the term doubt oftcnor than is possible, as it cannot fail to raise the remembrance of an event connected with the history of this colony, which is fraught with mischief. As respects the meetings of Council, we cannot see why they should not he held at 1 1 o'clock, adjourn nt 2, meet at 5, and adjourn at 9, in order to get through the business as quickly as possible. At pre sent it is generally — meet at 1, and adjourn at 4. Look at committees of tho House of Commons, from 12 to 12, and of the whole House occasionally until 3 in the morning. If it is ?iecessary to pass Bills, it is only just that they should be made the law of the land without such unneces sary procrastination. It may be said that tho Attorney General is required in the Courts ; to this we say, let tho Solicitor I General on such occasions do his duty. That his private practice should be per mitted to interfere, is quite out of the question. Take as one proof of the wrong done by such delay ; the Underproof Spi rit Act. The honesty of the principle ad vocated, and intended to be promoted by the amended Bill, is acknowledged, and this being the ease it should be passed as s'icin as possible, beca-use money is being paid to the Customs improperly. In every view we take of these Council meetings, we see that great good may arise from an alteration in time, until the session is end ed ;—the last probably in this colony of its hind! I! 