MISCELLANEOUS. Out of our forty-two colonies twenty-five enjoy a local representative constitution. On the Glasgow and Greenock line of railway, third-class passengers pay only a farthing a mile. The revenue of the Austrian empire has been officially announced as 150,000,000 florins a year. (£12,500,000) About one fourth of that of Great Britain. Why is a drunkard hesitating to sign the pledge like a sceptical Hindoo? Because he is in doubt whether to give up the worship of t\\\ejug-or-not. The keeper of a gambling house being asked of what trade he was, replied, that he was an ivory turner. A policeman was dismissed from the Birmingham force, because he refused to go down a lane which was on his head, where he said he had seen his uncle's ghost. "This is an unlooked-for visitation," as the man said when the wind blew off his hat, "Let me see you dare to do it," as the woman said to her husband when he told her he was going to throw himself into the river. Why are two boys tormenting a dog like butter? Because there's two t's in it (Ino teasing it). r -s-. t Not long since, the chaplain of one of the State prisons in America being engaged in preparing a table of crime, held the following dialogue with a prisoner. Chaplin : Well, what brought you here? Prisoner: The sheriffs, sir. Chaplain: But I want to know if liquor had anything to do with it Prisoner : O yes, sir, they were both drunk ! Two countrymen, observing the female figures with pitchers in ther hands, which support the porticoes of St. Pancras' Church, wondered what they represented. " They must be Üiefoalithvirgins," said one. " That can't be, neither, replied the other : there's only four of 'em." " Oh, it's all right," replied his friend : the other is gone for the oil, you may depend on t." A Soldier's Reply. - When Corporal Caithness was asked, after the battle of Waterloo, if he was not afraid of losing the day, he said, " Nana I didn't fear that I was only afraid we should be a killed before we had time to win it." 