New Books. 'Marian, a Young Maid's Fortunes.' By Mrs. S. C. Hall. Price Is. Parlour Library* This little work is a remarkable specimen of the extraordinary advance made in bringing lite rature within the means of all classes. As a mere tale, prettily bound, and consisting of 330 close and yet extremely well- printed pages, the price were undoubtedly low; but when we tell our readers that the' work if second, ib only second, to Nicholas Nickle.by, or ' Master Humphrey's Clock/' their surprise at the price will probably equal bur own. Mrs. Hall's former works exhibited great talent ^ ' Marian' ' is, however, a very different effort. It would seem impossible that, with any talent, the life of a woman or her tone of thought could produce such a work. Mrs. Hall has not only imbibed the spirit — the exquisite spirit—of love for all that is pure and holy and elevated, and the gentle, tender protection of the weak, which makes Dicken's tales as useful as attrac tive—not only has 6he taken up his delicate pencil and touched scene and character in a style equal to his own, but she has wielded the flaming sword, turning every way against oppression, and sweeping away all the shields that mankind place between their vices and conviction, with the Bame sudden flashing power that makes the reader start as if some tyrant had been struck dead at his feet by an avenging spirit. It is im possible to give an idea by extracts, especially of 'the passages of the greatest power; but we 6hall treat our readers to a few of those showing at least the pointed and peculiar finish of the work in its lighter portions. The tale is the history of a foundling girl, of high birth and beauty, deserted by an ambitious mother, who, to secure a property, passed off on her family a purchased boy instead. The principal object is to scourge the treatment of governesses. A leading cha racter, exquisitely drawn, is Mrs. Ratty Macane, an Irish cook, who had rescued the child when exposed, and tries to induce her silly mistress, an underbred tuft-hunter and sentimentalist, to sub stitute it as a new pet in lieu of some parrots and monkeys. The following dialogue passes be tween the cook aod an Irish watchman in London : — Sure He can do what he plazts, end whin He pleeea, mod how He plazes. And efther ell comes to all,' the added, lookiog fondly down on the sleeping child, ' there'* harder things done every day the sun rise* than turning a woman's heart towards a lone infant, when it hat none to help it.' ' Why thin thrue for ye, Mistress Macane, and more power to ye, I pray God. I believe the women** a'moBt ell ?like ; for if my Judy catcht* eight o' that child, its for turning it into number nine she'd be, as If eight wasn't enough for a watchman t' 'Sorraadoubt I doubt Judy,' replied the cook, 'she's of dacent, honeBt people; clajie, spirited, and upright war they «very one, giving the bit and the sup to ail that axed It, and never moidering their brains, as they do here, wid too much thinkiug. 'What did yon say the nmtber** name was?' suddenly inquired Paddy, while the cook placed the sleeping child in an arm-chair, ber own particular seat, in the comfortable kitchen. ' Mister Cavendish Jones,*' replied Eatty. ?*' Cavendish .Jones,*' repeated Paddy slowly. 'The grandeur Is'nt at the right ind, I'm thinkin ; the paycock's tail turned the wrong way. Sorra a Cavendish would think of calling himself Jones ; and yet ye see the morsel of a Jones most tuck on a Cavendish, just as if one put throe race- borees to draw a wheel-barrow. Oh 1 the vanity c' Hie world!' ' Mister Watchman,' said the kind-hearted cook, ' I've thrown no reflection ' upon the people that sends you a howlin' «nd a sbiverin' up and down this street like a ghost of a banshee, end for no tnortial use, that I know of, or that darlint couldn't have been put inside our airee without your knowledge. So lave my roasiher'a name alone, If you plase; it's as good as Paddy Charley, any day. I havn't got into the London fashion of uphoulding myself, and downhoulding my employers.*' Again, in after years, Katty is dissuading her favourite from becoming a governess :— Katty Macane compressed her lips and elevated her brows. ' To go e-governessing is looking at (he world through the back windows, a chora machree ! I never heard such folly 1 To be, as a body may say, between hawk and buzzard ; too low for the drawing-room, too high for the kitchen ; belonging neither to the earth beneath nor the heavens above ; slighted by the mistreat, insulted by the servants ; winked at by the gentlemen visitors,«nd shook off by the lady ones; blamed for the faults of the children ; barked at by the dogs, scratched by the cats; a thing without a place; a free woman, treated as a born slave. Listen to me, avourneen. I have known, at home and abroad, big and little, thirteen governesses in my time; twelve were born miserable,, and were always kept so ; the thirteenth was lucky, for the died in her first place. Och, alannah! God' break hard fortune before any woman's child — I'd rayther, or as soon, see you in yer grave, as going a-governessing.' ' Better than living a dependant,' said Marian, still Biore proudly ; ' anything better than that' ' Now listen to me. Ye're too young yet to dream of each a thing, for if ye war a rock o' sense, and a tree o' wisdom, which I never knew geuticor simple to be at your 8ff--, my precious darling, stately as ye're looking — setting a case you war all I say—did you ever know a governess who, if she worked the brain out of her head— let alone her Supers to the bone — wasn't considered a dependant?' ' She earns her income,' persisted Marian ; ' she gives her talents for her employer's - money; one could not do without the other.' 'Och, good-morrow to ye, my lady !' exclaimed Eatty, with the bitterness of a woman who knows the world; u ye've read that in some romance. Look in the news papers— thougli, indeed, it's belter ye didn't. I, that have been a camp follower for many a year— served under the Duke (God keep him in health, and strength, and happi ness, and glory ! which he can't fail to be in, to the end of his days, and longer, seeing he's taken the shine but of Bonyparte . and Marlboro', whose fine phce is dose to where the big boys goes to school — Oxford they call it) —well, I never lookB at a paper on account of the wake ness in my eyes, and the pot-boy now lending me the loan of one, barrio' on Sundays, on account of the email drop of beer I take ; end then I see so much badpesj tn it that I'm glad itsa SundBy I see it, for it can't be so bad that day as any other ; and, indeed, there's nothing on a paper much worse than advertisements for teachers, where they are expected to be the most edioated and wonderful of God's crayturs— with every quality of angels— French end Latin, end algebra, and music, and to have the charge of only five or six children, and needle-work, end hard-work, and wardrobe-work, and the devil knows what — and then, at the heel of the hunt comes in, that at it's a comfortable situation, no salary the first year.' Merian laughed at her nurse's picture; but she had built her own castle, end resolved, poor girl ! to inhabit it the first opportunity. ' It's a pity ye didn't spake in time and have a man made a purpose for you,' said the nurse laupbtng. ' Why, Lord love ye, as the men no, and the lews have gone in every country where the men had the making of them — if a woman has to bring ber husband a cart load of goold — put eyes and brains in his bead, as many does (not that I mean any disrespect to my dear dead husband) — a tongue in his head, and set him up for good and all— still, If he was the greatest ass in Christian land, he'd think, and every body else would think, his wife dependent on him. 6ure they have it their own way— it's the men and the laws, and the laws and the men all through, and no mention at all of the women, no more than if they wer*nt in it, though sometimes we let them know to tlte contrary — but it's time enough for ye to be thinking of a husband, even if he was a lord. ' One trouble at a time,' said the girl, ' if you please,' when both a bur and a bramble stuck in her gown.' 