IMPRISONMENT FOB DEBT. , WITH A DIGRESSION, TOUCHING RELIGION, POLITICALLY CONSIDERED. ~ No. 2. To the Editor of the Colonial Tynes. Sir,-.Considering our present position as a penal colony, is there not something rather startling in the obvious inconsistency of any number of persons memorialising the Govern- ment for increased means to imprison insolvent debtors? Is a love of penal exactions so wedded to our «oil, that we must seek to inflict penal incarceration upon poverty, to an extent perhaps even beyond what is awarded to crime Î Whilst the penalties of one class are gradually disappearing from amongst us, arp we hurrying to perpetrate on our social system the extraor- dinary substitution of heaping crushing miseries upon the heads of the leis offending children of destitution and want ? We trust no such in- consistency will ever have any place amongst us. It is not long since the sacred chair of divine truth in the professed sanctuary of peace and love raised a species of war-cry, requiring the re- summoning forth, in our land, of ecclesias- tical tortures, in the durance vile of prisons, for the punishment of spiritual contumacy and disobedient reasoning. Most happily the at- tempt has proved futile. Let us hope that the poverty of secular insolvents w»|l not fare worse than the then menaced hardihood of spiritual rebels. Colonial Christianity has been most happily spared the outrage of any such de- moniacal,, assaults at the hands of governing ecclesiasts : and we are sure that the merciful and vigorous enlightenment pf Sir W. Denison will afford as little encouragement to the op- pressive persecutions pf any of our tyrannizing creditors. In the first letter, which your kind courtesy published in,your columns, I promised to em- brace an early opportunity of showing that ancient stateSj.an.d' the. renowned lawgivers of antiquity denounced and exploded, ,ijs far as was passible, this most »barbarous assimilation of poverty to crime. I proceed now to fulfil this promise. From the exalted authorities in the.-records of juris- prudence, which we are about to quote, it will be most apparent that the enlightened and hu- mane declarations of our two judges-Mr. Jus- tice Pedder and Mr. Justice Horne-are grounded upon the sure and venerable basis of the most distinguished and revered legislative enactments of antiquity. We cannot omit mentioning by 'the way, however strange it may seem, that the foul stain of inflioting penal rigours on the impoverished debtor has been almost exclusively confined to the jurisprudence of our ohristian times-in short, of christian nations. On the other hand, Pagan idolatry, amid all its blackening crowd of debasing, corrupting, arid withering abomi- nations, on many occasions generously, com- pletely, and triumphantly effaced from their national records this truly disgracing and most detestable stigma. In such a remark I do not mean, in the slightest degree, to cast the least reproach upon true Christianity. God forbid !I could adduce crowds of authorities and quotations from a very numerous host of the world's greatest philosophers-not priests, but laymen -not interested teachers of religion, but un- prejudiced explorers of the deepest'mines of hidden truth-all of whom concurrently avow their earnest conviction, that the pure precepts, and the lofty principles, and the commanding sanctions of our Holy Faith, are in every way calculated to.consolidate, to perpetuate, and to perfect all human, civil, and political insti- tutions, i ;....'?' I verily believe that the benign influence of Christianity, when legitimately exerted» and cot corrupted by its interested swarms of hypo- critical votaries, is, like its holy Author, .oro nipotent-divine, i What else can so expand so, sublimate-so purify,-so exalt-and ; so fortify? ,But Christianity is one thing: stern expé- rience lamentably proves, that its professing friends-are. indeed, quite; another, So with nations calling themselves, christian," Now as the greatest blessings, is their abuse, are always proved an that very account to bertha greatest -the very greatest curses,; so has the world been over and over again deluged with the most blasting and desolating vials^of moral destruc- tion, from, the perverted application ,by .meri.of tbote choicest treasures of,heaven's boundless ' i ßlujs"jn conseflUMjce ,of ^;Mjgbtjpn;>in. fluences ,jflf ,t|\is awful tpeiversion ^pf»^mftn.s high'esfboon^and most ennobling'honor, wé are. obliged to discern multitudes' of purer public virtues in Pagan, which are certainly not to be found even in christian times. History forces upon us this awfully melancholy lesson-this certainly demonstrable, though unwelcome, truth. The penal oppression of insolvent debtors is one such instance. Ancient idolaters in the unshaken fervour of a philanthropic prpwçss pluqked.ou^with the unyielding ivigqr of.anjjro^a.rrç, ,ttye excruciating, fangs tof tin's inhuman wrong, mercilessly inflicted by man, in the plenitude of, his festering malignity, upon his suffering fellow. Oh it is passing cruel for man to help his brother to fall ; but is it not a monstrosity, bom and cradled in no other than in hell itself, then to.be foremost in.punishlng him for falling!I Perish,,from amongst the possessors of human hearts, a monstrosity of so hideous an aspect I Having incidentally mentioned Christianity in connexion with political considerations, Ï think that it may be both interesting and in- structive to dilate a little upon this vital'topic. The characteristic principles of religion, mo- rally considered, I leave in the hands of divines -my present aim is confined to the more limited range of politicians. Now we m ly generally observe, that the only security of rulers-the only safety of the go- verned- and the only stability of states them- selves is founded upon religion. The wisest legislators-the world's multifarious experience -at once attest to this undoubted fact. Nothing then ought to be so dear to the hearts of men-nothing then can be so im- portant to political bodies as true religion. Suffice it to 'adduce some of the greatest teachers of mankind, in proof of this assertion. All my authorities will be lay-not clerical. Lord Bacon has well described religion, as " the sabbath and port of all men's labour and I peregrinations." (Advancement of Learning," Book ii ) True religion is the final centre of repose.-the goal to which all things tend ; it gives to time all its importance, to eternity all | its glory. Apart from her sacred teachings, man is but a shadow, his very existence a | liddle, and the stupendous scenes which sur round him, as incoherent and unmeaning as the ! 1 leaves which the fabled Sybil scattered to the I winds. Everything that wants religion wants vitality. Philosophy without religion, says a beautiful French authority now living, " is crippled and impotent ; poetry without religion has no heart-stirring powers ; life without re-1 ligion is a complex and unsatisfactory riddle ; the very arts which address themselves to the senses never proceed so far towards perfection as when employed on religious subj«-cts." (") Now the political governments, established by ancient nations, were built like Babylon, with clay hardened in the sun, and which has long become a mass of ruin, undistinguished from its present earth. They were without per- petuity, because they were without the elements of it. The fabric of their grandeur has been brought low to the very dust, because it was not combined with the imperishable principles of virtue-the result only of true religion. Athens, which mournfully, in the galleries of public museums, points to the frail CEgisof her Minerva, admonishes mankind to put their trust only within the shadow of the impene- trable shield of the truth of the living God. It may therefore be said of states, equally as of men, what the eloquent Chateaubriand, of France, has so well observed in one of his elaborate essays-{' The christian religion'has completed man, as the Supreme legislator said in yielding up the ghost: all is finished." (Analysis of the ** Primitive Legislation" of M. de BowldO > , Aristotle, the most renowned teacher of politics the apcient or modern world has ever enjoyed, recommends the laying the foundation of civil government in religion. " Let the first care," says that great man, "be about the gods." (») The Greek historian, Polybius, that most consummate master of policy, speak- ing merely as a politician, accuses some, in his age, of rashness and absurdity, for endeavouring to extirpate the fear of the gods ; declaring that what " others held to be an object oí dis- grace, he believed to be the very thing by which the republic was sustained." (cj In this agree all the great Pagan writers on the science of | government. If there be the shadows of truth in those Pagan notions, how much more essential tbe substance of true religion to the well-being of politic bodies ? Lord Bacon says in his " Civil and Moral Essays," that religion is "the chief bond of human society." The mighty Burke in his im- mortal " Reflections on the Revolution in France" teaches, " We know, and what is better we feel inwardly, that religion is the basis of civil so- ciety» and the source of all good and of all com- fort." The illustrious Washington, in his va- ledictory address to his countrymen, declared his opinion that " the only firm supporters of political prosperity are religion and morality " The .enlightened Professor Smyth, in his cele- brated .' Lectures on Modern History," deli, vered in the University of Cambridge, observes, that the Christianity Of England. is the ", very warp which holds tbgether the contpxture of the whole." And the late lamented Dr. Chal mers in his " Lectures on Church Establish- ments," finely remarks, that a State without re- ligion would be " a sort of caput mortuum, des- titute of all soul and all sentiment." Montesquieu, the famous founder of our mo dern school of philosophic legislation, teaches, in his immortal Work on Law, that Christianity is the most powerful bulwark known in any so-i cial system, for the benefit of states, and tbe safeguard of liberty, and the conservation of patriotism. " The more," says he, " citizens of this profession believe themselves indebted to religion, the more tbey would think due to their country. The principles of Christianity, deeply i engraved on the heart, would be infinitely more powerful than the false honor of monarchies, i than the humane virtues of republics, or the Servile fear of despotic states. And the Chris- tian religion, wbich ordains that men should love each other, ,'would, without doubt, have every nation blest with the best civil, the best political laws ; because these, next to this reli- gion, are the greatest good that men can give and receive. It is Christian religion, that, in spite of the extent of the empire and the influence of the climate, has hindered despotic power from being established in Ethiopia, and has carried into the heart of Africa the manners and .laws of Europe. How admirable the religion, which, while it seems only to have in view the felicity of the other life, constitutes the, happiness of this !" (*) The, infidel antagonist of Christianity, the great Rousseau himself, was constrained to own that " If all were perfect Christians, individuals would do their duty ; the people would be obe- dient to the laws ; the chiefs just ; the magis- trates incorrupt; the soldiers would despise death ; and there would be neither vanity nor luxury in such a state." (Du Contrat Social, iv IV.) If the happiness of the governed be really the object of rulers, their duty, as respects Chris- tianity, cannot but be very obvious. One- of the greatest of continental writers qf history and jurisprudence, the illustrious Puffendorff, instructs princes, what a powerful subsidiary iS« furnished to all states, in the, sanotion», of- the Christian religion. " The doctrines of Christ tianity," says this distinguished civilian, con- firm civil society or laws, The Christian reli score no philosophies sect or religion whatever can be equal to the Christian, as will easily ap- pear from a just comparison betwixt thîs and all the others. For which reason, not only everyone 'is obliged, as he hopes 'to answer for his soul before God to' receive^'the Chris- tian religion ; but even all sovereigns and ma- gistrates ought, for the abovementioned reasons, and out of.a duty belonging to their office, to introduce and maintain it." (e) ,In short rulers receive an awakening warning as tp tjheir b,wn pbligations ontthjs Jhead^from two great writers of our own country, Xiorjd Bacon and Dr. 'Hartley. Bacon says-" A king must make religion the rule of government, and not to balance the scale ; for he that casteth in religion only to make the scales 'even, his own weight is contained in those characters, * Mené mené tehel uph'irsiu'-« He is ,fpund tpo light, his kingdom shall he taken from him " (f) And Dr. Hartley .remarks, " If the,infatuation of princes were not of the deepest kind, they could not but see that they hold their dominions entirely by the real Christianity that is left among us ; and that if they succeed in taking away this foundation or weakening it much far- ther, their governments must fall like houses built upon sand. Besides the great influence which Christianity has to make man humble and obedient, it is to be considered that our ancestors have so interwoven it with the con- stitutions of the kingdoms of Europe, that they must stand or fall together. Christianity is the cement of the building " (z) Nothing now remains but to say of religion in her political aspect, that she is the pillar' of society—the only safeguard 'of nations—the only parent of social order-the only curb to restrain the fury of the passions-and the only citadel divine and impregnable, tp secure to everyone his rights, to the laborious the reward of their industry, to the rich the enjoyment of their wealth, to nobles the preservation of their honors, to magistrates the influence of their authority, and to kings the stability of their thrones. I am obliged, Sir, through the unexpected length of this digression, to throw myself upon your kind indulgence for the publication, in my next, of the ancient legislative authorities of the Pagan world, which I had promised in the present communication to .dttail, in proof of the abhorrence of antiquity, as to all penal rigors visited upon insolvent debtors. The present digression, however, on the po- litical considerations of Christianity, subserves the object of my strictures It at least proves that my reference to the growth, in our times, of Anti-Christian abuses, is made by a friend, not a foe. It evidences how entirely all legis- lation, and all government, as well executive as legislatorial, should be upheld, not only accor- ding to the letter, but to The spirit of our divine religion. And further, that if imprisonment for debt be an outrage of civil liberty, which it most undoubtedly is, as well as an ebullition for the most part of the spiteful malignancy of the selfishness of the strong towards the weak; and likewise an offence against that golden principle of Christian charity which ought rather to bear the burdens of the weak, and to lend to him that needeth, hoping to receive even nothing again, if these things be true, and true they certainly are, except Christianity be at once adjudged as an idle figment and utterly inapplicable as a guide to our social system, then, I say, any proposition whatever attempted to be revived amongst us, for punishing poor and helpless debtors, ought to meet that sum- mary fate which every assault against the liber- ties, the morals, the religion, and humanities of our race so richly deserves.-Yours, &c;, M. B. Sandy Bay, July 10, 1848 ' (a) M- Atnie Martin '-Sur l'Education des Mira»" (b) Ansiol. Poltt Book i (c) Polyb Hift Book vi ' (d) L'Ëspnt des Lots Liv. xxvi. (e) Introduction to the History of Europe. (f ; Essays, Civil and Moral, xiv. s (g) Observations on Man, vol. ii 