THINGS REQUIRED. A cow to graze ¡a front of our office. Thc brush used in painting the signs of thc times. Bandage for an arm of the sea. An "essay on the temperature of thc frosts of adversity. Handle of thc cup of sorrow. ? v Scales for ascertaining a man's weight of character. Fragments of stone from the pinnacle of fame ; very much injurniLby time. A half-pint of the reign of terror. The handle of a brush wjth the Mexicans. Knot in a line"of business ; no great rarity. Opiate for a pane of glass. Heel of the boot the bo^ got when he swapped jack-knives. Mainspring of a sailor's watch on deck. The tail of an Indi bull. Cubic contents of a box on tho ear. A fricassee of foul weather. Ice-cream, frozen by icc brought from the winter of our discontent. A small piece of the monument on which Pa- tience stood when she smiled at Grief. Several of tim things that people have given up when trying to guess conundrums. A quantity of vacuum done up in half-pound parcels. Also, a very small quantity of infinite space. A basket of the apples of discord, very tart. A bone of contention and some sinews of war ; rare specimens fur the study of naturalists. A phial of the Witch "of Endor's familiar spirit. The Amen which stuck in Macbeth's throat. The bell which Macbeth told Duncan not to hear. The cullender in which " the quality of mercy is not strained." A pair of garters from the " list" of Hamlet's ghost. The pot in which men's souls' are tried. Bunch of quills from the wings of flying rumonr. l'he linings to a law-iwif. A smile from the mouth of the Mississippi. Scoop used in bail in ff-out prisoners. Deed of charity-not recorded. Trunion to one of the canons of the church. Some hair from the tail of the Dog Star. Map of the world-full size. A pickle from a " Family Jar." Some putty to stop the crack of doom. The tongue of the first bell which Whittington fancied he heard saluting him lord mayor. Some flowers of rhetoric and plenty of seeds of discord. The ladder by which the Lilliputians ascended Gulliver's hat. The skin of the 'coon that surrendered to Captain Scott. ! Tlie beam of the scales of justice. The moonlight that slept upon the bark. The lever with which Archimedes could have moved the world. The wiug of the goose that laid the golden egg. The helm of state. Musical notes of tho piper who played before Moses. The tub and lantern of Diogenes. A copy of the flattering tale that Hope told. Broom with which Hercules cleared the Augean stables. Torch of Lucifer. The thin air into which thc witches vanished. ' .The hair by which the. sword was suspended over tlie head of Democles. The mirror which was held up to nature. The, wings of the wind, and the chains of slumber. The deeds and keys of a castle in the air. The eye of the swan that sang before it died. A light fantastic toe. . Some of the guano used by Jonah to make his gourd grow. A jar of the last earthquake. Portrait of a beautiful young lady sitting in the lapse of ages. A large and splendid specimen of the " Nothing" that Shakspeare mide " much ado about." Also a piece of the " ado." .A blade of glass " that ne'er" was seen " Where Alaric and his hosts had been." 