BARON SWKDKNBORG. Gentlemen — As you have lately. given promi nence to the Anniversary proceedings of the New Church in this colony, will you allow me through the medium of your columns to lay before the public a brief memoir of that illustrious Swede whose writings and extraordinary revelations led to the formation of the New Church Society, but sometimes, though erroneously called ' Sweden - borgians.' The sketch is mainly , derived from documents prepared and published by a London firm of first repute, who, be it remembered, are no recipients of the Theological views of Swedenborg, but who nevertheless have borne honourable testi mony of his extraordinary worth as & Christian and a Philosopher. Your obedient servant, Philos. BAnON SWEDENBORG. Considering the extraordinary character and pretensions of the subject of the present memoir, there certainly is no man who presents to our view a more interesting object for our contemplation ; for there is no man who is regarded in such opposite lights by persons possessing equal and compe tent means of judgment, and no character on whose ?writings may possibly depend more important consequences. Baron Swedenborg is best known as a theologian ; and while regarded only in this view, is lightly esteemed or des -pised by most persons, who tBke their opinion from common report, or the statements of his opponents. But as he was at the same time an eminent natural phi losopher—a circumstance but little known in this province, though his fame for scientific attainments is fully established in the Old World — we shall first introduce him to our readers in this character, which, when combined with the other, affords matter for the speculation pf deep- thinking and phi losophic minds j such as are not in the habit of solving diffi culties by/a bold and arbitrary conclusion, but are ?willing to investigate fairly the origin of extraordinary manifestations of mind and very original views and conceptions of things, little attended to by the bulk of mankind. Emauuel Swedenborg was the son of the Bishop of Sl^ara, in Westrogothia. He was born at Stockholm on the 29th of] January, 16*8. ' ?.-..?? f ?, j His father's name was Jesper Swedborg ; but the name 0 his son Emanuel was changed to Stoedenborg (according to a Swedish custom) on the occasion of his being called to a seat in the House of Nobles in the Assembly of the States of the. Kingdom. This elevation gave him a rank equivalent to thai which we express by the appellation of ' Honour able/* which his followers usually prefix to his name, but by the public in general he is palled Baron Swedenborg. Swedenborg pursued his studies with great application, not only in the University of Upsal, but in England, Hol land/France, and Germany. ' M Sandel, who delivered a eulogium to his memory before ?the Academy of Sciences, at Stockholm, on the 7th October, 1772, exelaims — ' How can I delineate so extensive, sub lime, and laborious a genius, who was, never fatigued in his studious applications, and who unweaVicdly pursued his in vestigation into the most profound and i difficult -sciences; | who for several years successively has made many useful | efforts to discover the secrets of nature, opened and cleared ' the way to certain sciences, and in the 'end penetrated into the most profound secrets, without ever having lost sight of sound morality or the (ear of the Supreme Being, and pre- i serving the whole strength of his mind to the last without experiencing that decay of mental faculties to which so many aro subject?' v The following list of his works will show the extensive range of his intellect, and their contents aie acknowledged to justify the commendations quoted above, particularly the anatomical works, which unite with a largo fund of , experi- mental science the boldest deductions of reason, many of ?which have since been proved by more extensive research to be perfectly accurate, and have appeared before the public in- the shape of new discoveries. In the year 1716, and at the early age of twenty-eight, he published ' Essays on the Mathematics, and the Physical Sciences, under the title of ' Dadalus Hyperboroeus.' The following year he published ' An Introduction to Algebra;' and two years after a work ' On the Position and the Motion of the Earth and the other Planets,' and 'A New Method of Discovering the Longitude, whether at Sea or on Land, by the Moon.' We pass over several ingenious and useful works on Mechanics to his ' Opera Philosophica et Mine ralia,' 3 vols. folio, published in 1731 ; ' CEconotnia Itegn? Ammalis,' or, ' The Economy of the Auimal Kingdom,' in two parts, published in 1740 and 17-11, in quarto. The first part treats of the Blood, the ATteries, the Veins, and the Heart ; the second, of the Motion of the Brain, of the Cortical Substance, and of ihe Human Soul. 'Reguum Animule,' or, 'The Animal Kingdom,' which treats of anatomical subjects not noticed in the preceding volume, with observations on the Touch and the Taste, and on Or ganicai Forms in general— published in 1744 and 1745, in quarto. In all Swedenborg's philosophical works, there exists a distinguishing characteristic which is very frequently wanting in the productions of learned men, an eminent degree of veneration for the Supreme Author of Nature, and for the Volume of Divine Revelation. Ever watchful of opportu nities of deriving, not only instruction, but edification, from contemplating the works of nature, he habitually associated the view of the grandeur of the creation with the majesty of the Cieator ; the exhibitions of the Divine power with the perceptions of the Di vine benificence ; and drew from all his discoveries additional reasons and incentives for the ado ration and worship of the First Cause of Being Swedetiborg's personal religion was not of a merely spe culative kind, ag appears from the following simple rules, which from un early period of his Hie he prescribed for his daily conduct, and which were found amongst his manu scripts after his decease : — 1st. To read frequently the ^¥oId of God, and meditate much upon it. 2d. To be always resigned to, and content uuder the care of Providence. 3d. To observe a decency and piopriety of couduct, and to keep a conscience pure and without offence. 4th. To be obedient to what is ordained, to be faithful iu the discharge of the duties of my station, and to do all in my power to render myself useful to all without exception. The first work noticed above procured Swedenborg the countenance of the learned, and the favour of the King (the famous Charles XII), who made him the associate of the celebrated Polhaumier, in the superinteudance of construc tions of public works. Shortly afterwards he was appointed to the office of Assessor of the Metallic College, a place of considerable public trust and liberal emolument. He was ennobled in the year 1719, by Queen Ulrica, on which occasion his name was changed, as before observed. But now we come to the most remarkable part of the life of this extraordinary man. In the year 1743, when in the possession of fame, honour, affluence, and the esteem of a lar^e circle of the learned and virtuous of all nations, he suddenly announced that the Lord God our Saviour had opened to him a sight of the spiritual world, and had enabled him to converse with spirits and angels, in or, ler that lie might learn and publish to mankind a system of genuine Christian truth. From this time (being then fifty-five years of age) he discontinued his studies of natural philosophy, and up to the day Of bis death, on the 29; h of March, 1772, be con. tinued to declare th.it he had open communication with the spiritual world, and published iu the Latin language about thirty volumes of theological works which are iitterspersed with narrations of things and occurrences in that world which he asserted passed under his clear observation. Amongst his theological works (all of which have been published in English) are the following?— 'True Christian Religion containing the Universal Theology of the New Church predicted under the figure of the New Jerusalem in the Revelation.' ' On Heaven and its Wonders and also concerning Hell, being a relation of things heard and seen.' ' The Apocalyse Revealed.' ' Arcana Celestia, or Heavenly Mysteries contained in the Scriptures manifested and laid open.' Several eminent Swedes, who witnessed Swedenborg's learning and virtues, embraced bis doctrines and believed his declarations; and as there are no means of disproving tbe lutter, candour requires that those persons who admire the doctrines, and on the faith of the veracity of tbe author accept his assertions, should be left at free liberty to do so without incurring blame or imputation from others who may choose to take an opposite view of the case. In consequence of the Rev. Drs Beyer and Roseen, mem bers of the Ecclesiastical Consistory of Gottenburg, having avowed tbeir xpproval of the theological sentiments of their countryman Swedenborg a persecution was excited against them by the Dean of that place, and at length a mandate was issued from tbe Supreme Council of State requiring of Dr Beyer an explicit statement of his sentiments respect ing the writings of Swedenborg. In obedience to the Royal order, on the 2d of January, 1770. Dr Beyer delivered to the King Adolphus Frederick a 'Declaration,' in which he says, 'In regard to tht- Doctrines of Religion contained in our Author's works, and which are dispersed through them all, but especially through those volumes which con stitute the second class of his writings, we see them every* where illuminated and even according to the letter un. answerahly confirmed by tbe clearest declarations of tbe Word. For it is a fundamental rule with him respecting every doctrine of toe Church that it must be drawn from tbe literal meaning of tbe Word takeii in its proper series and connexion, and confirmed thereby. This rule he has pur sued in all bis doctrines, which are always clearly proved by the most unquestionable ptssages of scripture. See ior example bow he b;d demonstrated in tbe Doctrine concerning iho I i,rA that th--r» ic lint nnf- dnA that Jpriib Christ is that God, ani tbat in Him is the Divine Trinity, called Father Son and Holy Ghost ' Some have attributed Swedenborg's visions to a disordered mind, but his adherents demand the concomitant marks of such a state in bis doctrinal writings and conduct. The former they assert are remarkable for displays of memory, acutenc-s of reasoning, novelty and clearness of illustration, and an orderly arrangement scarcely to be equalled ; and as to his behaviour say they it was always that of an accom plished gentleman, cheerful, polite, and agreeable. The admirers of Sweden borg's system of theology style themselves 'The New Cburcb,' in consequence of bis having declared that the doctrines he delivered constituted a pure and perfect body of Christianitv, wbich when received into the heart anil exemplified in the conduct, would bring about that exalte! state of the Christian Church predicted (as he has endeavoured to prove) under the figure of tbe Holy City New Jerusalem, mentioned in tbe Revelation of St. John. They are not at present a numerous body, but the small* ness of their number, they contend, is no argument against the truth ol tbeir opinions, their author having given them reason to «xpecr, tbat as his system is addressed to the intel lectual powers of mankind, and is congenial only to disin terested dispositions, it will make its way in the world but slowly and by degrees.. Justice requires us to say tbat they are a moral and respect able body ot people, and exhibit a deep veneration for tbe Sacred Scriptures. In their controversies witb other Chris tian denominations they have manifested considerable ability and Hcuteness, combined with much modpratio» even where they have reason to complain of tbe disingenuousness of their opponents. . ;# ? -? ?? ? lu every point of view Swedenborg is certainly to be clearly distinguished from the host of ignorant and half witted enthusiasts — his rank,. his virtue-, bis learning, and his talents demand this just discrimination ; and since tbe Scriptures oblige us to believe in the possibility of super natural communications, there is perhaps no better way of trying their validity, whenever they are professed, than by considering the personal character of the party professing them, the facts attendant on his conduct and behaviour, and the Intrinsic value of the 0E6ULT3 which are offered as arising out of tbern. -- ?? . 