Cfr ESiatrtwr* ÇfBOM THE BIMHUS0EHCE8 OF A BACHELOR, IN TUB DUBLIN UN1VEBBITY MAOAZINE.) (Concluded from emr ¡ti.) IT wai about this lime that Captain Barton called «poa Iii« thru celebrated preacher, Dr. -, »iib wilora be liad * alight aiquaintance, and an extraor- dinary conversation ensued. The divine was seated in .lils chambers ia college, surrounded with works upon ¡his favourite pursuit, ami in deep theology, nlieu Harton waa announced. There was something at once ?embarrassed anil excited in his manner, wliich, along with bis wau and haggard countenance, impressed the .tudent with the unpleasant consciousness that his 'Visitor must have suffered lerrilily indeed to account for an alteration so striking, almost shocking. After the ««nul interchange of polite greeting, end a few commonplace remarks, Captain Barton, who obvi- ously perceived ide surprise which his visit had eicited, «¡Ml which Doctor-wat unable wholly to conceal, interrupted a brier pause bv remarking, " This is a strange call. Doctor --, perhaps aciircely warranted by tin acquaintance ao alight as mine with you, I bliould not, under ordinary circumstances, have ventured lo disturb you, bul my visit j« neither an idle nor impertinent intrusion. I am ture you will not so account it wheu " Doctor-interrupted bim with assurances such as good breeding suggested, and Barton resumed, " I am rome lo task your patience by asking your advice. When I say jour patience, I might, indeed, tay more : I might have auid your humanity, yourconi pasaioo, (or I lia«e been and am a great sufferer." " My dear sir,'' replied the Churchman, .' it will indeed afford me infiuile gratification if 1 can give you comfort in any distress of mind ; but-but" "I know what you would say," resumed Barton, quickly. I am an unbeliever, and, therefore, ¡ocupadle of deriving help from religion ; bul don't lake that fur granted. Al least you must no1 assume that, however unsettled my convictions may be, I do not feel a deep, a very deep, interest in the subject. Circumstances bave lately forced ii upon my attention iu such a way a« lu compel me lo review the whole question in a more candid and teachable spirit, I believe, Iban I .ver studied it io before." " Your difficulties, I lake ii for granted, refer to the evidences of revelation," suggested the clergyman. *. Why-no-yes ; in fact I am ashamed to say I have not contddered even my objections sufficiently to Slate them connectedly ; bul-but lhere is one subject on which I fee] a peculiar interest." He paused again, and Dr. -? pressed him to pro. .eed. " The fact is," taid Barton, " whatever may be my uncertainty as to the authenticity of what we are taught lo call revelation, of one fact I am deeply and horribly convinced, thal Hiern does esisl beyond this a spiritual world; a system whose workings are generully in mercy hidden from us; a sjsiein which may be, and which ia sometimes, partially and terribly revealed, I am sure, I know," continued Barton, with increasing excitement, " that there is a Gud, a dreadful God, and that retribution foi lows guilt. In ways the most mysterious and stupendous, by agencies the most inex- plicable and terrific-lhere is a spiritual system-great God, how frightfully I have been convinced !-a system malignant, and implacable, and omnipotent, under whoee persecutions I am and have been »offering the torments of the damned I--jet, sir, yet, the fires and phrenay of bell 1" As Barton spoke his agitation became so vehement thal the divine was shocked, and even alarmed. The wild and excited rapidity with which be spoke, and, abo»e all, ihe indefinable horror which stamped his features, afforded a contrast to his ordinary coot and unimpassioned self-possession tttnking and painful in the last degree. "My dear sir," said Doctor-, afler a pause, "I fear you bave been suffering much, indeed ; but I ven- ture to predict that Ibe depression under which you labour will be found to originate in purely physical onuses, and that, wilb a chmige of air, and the aitl of a few lonies, your spirits will return, and the lone of your mind be once more cheerful und tranquil as here- tofore. There was, afler all, more truth limn we are quite willing to admit in the classic theories which assigned the undue predominance uf any one affection of the mind lo ibe undue action or lorpiilily of one or other of our bodily organs. Believe roe, that a little attention to diet, exercise, and the other essentials of health, under competent direction, will make you as much yourself at you can wish." "Doctor--," said Dartun, with something like a .hudder, " I cannot delude myself willi such a hope. 1 have no hupe lo cling to but one, and that is, ihm, by some other splritunl agency more potent Utan that which tortures me, if may be combaled, and I delivered. If this may not lie, I am lost, now and for ever lost." "Bul, Mr. Barton, you must remember," urged his companion, " Ibat others bat« suffered at you bave done, and " "No, no, no," interrupted he, with irritability, "no, sir, l am not credulous,far from a superstitious mon. I have been, perhaps, too much the reverse, too sceptical, too slow of belief; but unless I were one whom no amount of evidence could convince, unless I were to contemn the repealed, the perpetual evidence of my own senses, 1 am now, now at last constrained to believe, I have no escape from the conviction, the overwhelming certainty, that I am haunted and dogged, go where I may, by-by a DEMON I" There was an almost preternatural energy of horror io Barton's face, as, with its damp and death.like linea, ««nts turned towards bia companion, be lb us delivered Almcelf. " Gud help yon, my poor friend," said Doctor-«, much shocked, "God help you, for, indeed, you ore a sufferer, however your sufferings may have been earned." " Ay, ay, God help me," echoed Burton, sternly ; "bul trill be help me, »ill he help me." " Pray to bim, pray in an humble and trusting spirit, .aid he. " Fray, pray," echoed he again. " I can't pray. I could aa eaaily nove a mountain by au effort of my will. I have not belief enough lo pray : lhere ia some- thing within me that will not pray. You prescribe impossibilities, literal impossibilities." " Yoo will not find it so, if y o* will but try," laid Dottor -? "Try I I aave tried, and the attempt only fills me wilb coufusioo and terror; I bave tried in vain, and more than in vain. The awful, unutterable iden of eternity «ed infinity oppresse» and maddens my brain whenever roy mind approaches the contemplation of the Creator. I recoil from the effort scared, con- founded, terrified. I tell you, Doctor-, if I am lo be laved, it mun be by other mean». The idea of the Creator it to me intolerable. My mind cannot support it." " Say, then, my dear sir," urged he, «' say how you would have me serve you, what you would learn of me, what I can do at say to relieve you ?" *. Lisien lo »e first," replied Captain Barton, willi a subdued air and an evident effort lo suppress bis excitement, " listen to me while 1 detail the cucum. ~¡tanees of tue terrible persecution under which my life has become all but intolerable; a persecution which baa made* me fear deaf A and the world beyond the grave aa much at 1 bave grown to hate existence." Barton then proceeded to relate ibe circumstances which we have already detailed, and then continued, "This bas Bow become habitual, an accustomed thing. I do not mean the actual seeing bim in the flesh. ..Thank Gud, Mar at least ii not permitted daily. Thank God, from the unutterable borran of that visitation I have been mercifully allowed intervals of repose, though none of security, but from the consciousness that a malignant spirit li following and watching me wherever I go, I have never, for a tingle instant, a temporary respite. I am pursued with blasphemies, cries of despair and appalling hatred. I hear those dreadful sounds called afler me aa I tura the cornera of the atreeia. They come in the night-time wbile I tit in ray chamber alone. They haunt me everywhere, charging me wilb hideout crimes, and, great God I threatening me wilb coming vengeance and eternal misery. Hush ! Do you heir Mat /" he cried with a horrible smile and triumph. « There, there, will thut convince yon t" The clergyman Ml the ebillnesa of horror irresistibly .teal over him, whila.dorlog the wail of a andden gua! of wind, he heard, or fancied be heard, the half-arti. cataté wunda of rage and derisioo mingling in the gough. " Well, what do yon think of that ." at length Barton cried, drawing a long bremb through hil teeth. " I heard the wind." said Doctor -. <. What should I Ifclsk of it, whit ii ibera remarkable about ,>Kli »rlsef oT the poweri of (he air," muttered iéarton, with a ihodder. ...Tal, fat, my dear air,"said the student, with an Jftbrrto rVMture himself; for, tbongh it waa broad «ayilglri, there WMi, nevertheless, something disagree- ably conligioui in the nervous excitement ander Which Ma Willtor o* *>brfowily suffered. .. Yon mott not gi« e iavaliM «f 4bt iassghMriJon." " Ay, ey, ' resist the devil and he «ill flee from thee,'" said Barloo, in the same lone; but how resist bim ? Ay, lhere is the rub, lhere ia the rub. What »Aal uni I lo dor What can I dot" " My dear sir, tim is fancy," said the roan of folios : "you are your own tormentor." " No, no, air,, fancy has no part in it," answered Barton, sonien hat sternly. " Fancy, forsooth I Was it thal made you, a» well as me, hear, but this moment, those uppulliug «cuenta of hell f Fancy, indeed I No, no." "But you have seen this person frequently,"»aid the ecclesiastic. «Why have you nut accosted or secured bim ? Is it not somewbat precipitate, lo say no more, to assume, a« you have done, the existence of preternatural agency, wheo, after all, everything may be easily acrouuiuble, if only proper mean» were taken to sift the matter." "There ure circumstances connected with ibis-til ia appearance," said Burton, " which it were needless to disclose, but windi lo mean proof of its horrible anti unearthly nature. I know that the being who haunts nie is not man. I say I know tliist I could prove it to your own conviction." He paused for a minute, and then added, "And ¡is to accosting ii. I dare not, I could not. Wheo I see it I am powerless ; I stand in the gaze of death, in the triumphant presence of preter- human power and malignity. My strength, and facul- ties, and memory all forsake me. (), God, I fear, sir, you know not what you speak of. Mercy, mercy 1 Heaven bave pity on mel" He leaned his elbow on the table, and pnssed his bund across his eyes, as if to exclude some image of horror, mullering the bul words of the sentence be bud just concluded again and again. "Doctor-," said be, abruptly raising himself, and looking full upon the clergyman with nu imploring eye, "I know you will do fur me whatever muy be done. You know now fully the circumstances and Ide nature of the mvsteiious agency of which I am the victim. I tell you I cannot help myself; I cannot hope lo escape ; I HW utterly passive. I conjure you, theil, to weigh my case well, and, if anything may be done for nie by vicarious suppuration, by the interces- sion of the good, or by any other aid whatsoever, I implore of you, I adjure you in the name of the Most High, give me the benefit of that influence, deliver me from the budy of this .death. Strive for me, pity me. I know you will ; you cannot refuse it : it is the pur- pose anti object of my visit. Send me away with some hope, however lillie, some faint hope of ultimate deliverance, and I will nerve mjself lo endure, from hour to hour, the hideous dream into which my existence has been transformed." Doctor .-assured bim lliat all he cnnld do was to pray earnestly for bim, and that so much be would not fail lo do. They parted with a hut ried and melancholy valediction. Barton hastened to the car- riage, which awaited him at the door, drew the blinds, and drove away, while Doctor-returned lo his chamber to ruminate al leisure upon the strange inter- view which bud just interrupted his studies. It was not lo be expected thal Captain Barton's changed and eccentric bullita should long escape remark and discussion. Various were the tbeuiies suggested to account for it. Some attributed the alteration to the pressure of secret pecuniary einbiir. rassmeiits; others ton repugnance to fulfil nu engage-, ment into which he was presumed lo have loo precipitately entered ; and others, again, to the sup- posed incipieticy of mental disease, which latter, indeed, was the most plausible, as well an the most generally received, of the hypothèses circulated in the g.s?ip of the day. From the very commencement of this change, at first so gradual iu its advances, Miss Montague lind of course been aware of it. The intimacy involved in their peculiar relation, as well as the near interest which it inspired, afforded, in her case, a like oppor- tunity and motive for the successful exercise of ihm keen and penetrating observation peculiar to ihe sex. His visits became at length so interrupted, mid his manner, while they lasted, so abstracted, Strange, and agitated, that Lady L., after hinting her anxiety and her suspicions more than once, at length distinctly staled her unsiety, anil pnssed for an explanation. The explanation was given, and, although ils nature at first relieved the worst solicitudes of the old lady and her niece, yet the circumstances which attended it, and the really dreadful consequences which it obviously indicated, as regarded the spirits, lind, indeed, Hie reason of the now wretched mun, who made the strittige declaration, were enough, upon a little reflection, to fill their minds with perturbation and alarm. General Montague, the young lady's father, at length arrived. He bad himself »lightly known Burton sonic ten or twelve years previously, acid, being aware of his fortune and connexions, was disposed lo-regard bim a« an unexceptionable, and, indeed, a most desirable mulch for bis daughter. Ile laughed at the story of Barton's supernatural visitation", and lost not a moment io calling upon his inlended »on-in-luw. " My dear Barton," he continued, gaily, after a little conversation, " my sister tells me thal you are a victim to blue devils, in quite a new and original shape." Burton changed countenance, and sighed profoundly. "Come, come, 1 protest Ibis will never do," con. tinued the general : " you are more like a man on bis way lu the gallows than to the altar. These devils bate made quite a saint of you." Barton made on iffurt lo change the conversation. " No, no, it won't do," said his visitor, laughing, " I am resolved to say out what I have lo say upon this magnificent mock mystery of yours. Come, yon must not be angry, but really it is loo bad to see you, at your lime of life, absolutely frighteued into good behaviour, like a naughty child, by a bugaboo, and, us fur M 1 can leam, a very particularly couteuiplihle one. Seriously, thought my dear Barton, I hate been a good deal annoyed at what they tell me ; bul, at the same lime, thoroughly couvinced that there is nothing in the matter that muy not be cleared up, with just a little attention and management, wilbiu a week at furthest." " Ali, general, you do not know," be begnn. " Yes, but I do know quite enough to warrant my confidence," interrupted tl.e soldier; "don't I know that all your annoyance proceeds from the occasional appeal ance of a certain little man in a cap and gi cat coat, with a red vest and a bad face, who follows you ubuut, and pops upon you at Ibe corners of Innes, and throws you into ague fits. Now, my dear fellow, I'll make it my business to catch this mischievous little mountebank, und either beat him into a jelly willi my own hands, or have him whipped through the town, at the cart'« tail, before a month pasees." "If you knew »hat / know," said Barton, with gloomy agitation, " you would speak very differently. Don't imagine that I am BO weuk and foolish as to assume, without proof, the most overwhelming, the conclusion to which I have been forced ; the proofs are here, locked up here." As he spoke, he lapped upon his breast, and, with an anxious sigh, continued lo walk up and dowu the room. " Well, well, Barton," said his visitor, " I'll wager a rump and dozen I collar the ghost, and convince yourself before many days are over," He was running tin in ihr same strain when he was suddenly ai rested, and not à little shocked, by observ- ing Barton, who bad approached the window, stag- gered slowly back, like one who had received a stun- ning blow, bis arm extending towards ibe street, his face and his very lips white as ashes, while he mut- tered, .* There, lhere, there I" General Montague started mechanically to his feet, and, from the window of the drawing room, saw a figure corresponding, as well as his burry would permit bim to discern, with the description of the person wbote appearance so constantly and dreadfully dis- turbed the tepose of his friend. The figure was just turning from the rails of the area upon which it had been leauing,and, without waitiog to see more, the old : gentleman snatched bis cane and hut, and rushed down j the Blairs and into the t-treet, in the furious hope of j securing the person, and punishing the audacity ot the j mysterious stranger. He looked around him. but in vain, for any trace of the form he had himself distinctly : beheld. He ian breathlessly to the nearest corner, ' expecting to see the retreating figure, but no such form * was visible. Back and forward, from crossing to ' crossing, he ran, al fault, and it was not uulil the curious gaze and luughing countenances of the passers by reminded him of ihe absurdity of his pursuit that : he checked his hurried pace, lowered his walking-cane : from Ibe menacing altitude which be had mechanically given it, adjusted bis hat, and walked composedly back again, inwardly vexed and flurried. He found Barton pale and trembling in every joint. Thev both remained silent, though under emotions very different. At last Burlón whispered, " You saw ii ? ' " It-bim-some one-you mean-to be sure I did," replied Montagne,'teslily. " Bntwhere is the good or the barm of seeing bimi" The fellow runs like a lamp- lighter. 1 wirrtted -to catch bim, but be had stolen away before I could reacb the hall-door. However, it is no great matter; next time, I dare say, I'll do better; and, egad, if I ence cone within reach of bim, I'll introduce his shoulders to the weight of my cane in a way to make him cry peccuci." Notwithstanding'General Montague's undertakings and -exhortations; /however, Barton continued 4o suffer from the self-same unerjluined cause. Go bow, when. or where he would, be was still constantly dogged or confronted by the hateful being who had established over him so dreadful and mysterious an influence. Nowhere aiul.ai notime was be secure against theo« IUUB appearance which hunted him with such diabolic perseverance. Hi* dépression, misery, and excitement became more alarming every day, and the mental agonies which ceaselessly preyed upon him began at last so sensibly to affect his health lhal Indv L---and General Montague succeeded, without, indeed, much difficulty, In persuading him lo Irv a short tour on the continent, in the hope thal tin entire change of scene would, al all events, have Hie effect of breaking through .Hie influences of local association, which the more scvpiiial of his friends assumed to be by no means inoperative in suggesting and perpetuating what they conceived to be a mere form of nervous illusion. General Montague, indeed, was persuaded that the figure which buunied his intended son-in-law was by no means ibe creation of his own imagination, but, on the contrary, a substantial form of flesh and blood, animated by a spiteful and obstinate resolution, perhaps with some murderous object in perspective, to watch and follow ihe unfortunate gentleman. Even Ibis hypothesis was not a very pleasant one ; yet ii was plain that, if Barton could ever be convinced thal there was nothing preternatural in the phenomenon, which he had hitherto regardetl in that light, Hie affair would lose all ii« terrors in hi« eyes, and wholly cease to exercise upon bis health and spirits the baneful influence which it had hitherto done. He, therefoie, reasoned, that, if the annoyance were actually escaped by mere locomotion and change of scene, it could not obviously have originated in any supernatural agency. Yielding to their persuasions, Barton left Dublin for England, accompanied by General Montague. They posted rapidly to London, and thence to Dover, whence tiley took the packet, with a fair wind, lo Calais. The general's confidence in the result of the expedition on Barton's spirits had risen day by day since their depar lure from Ide shores of Ireland ; for, lo ibe inexpres- sible relief and delight of the lutter, be bud not, since then, so much as even once fmried » repetilion of tbosn impressions which bad, when at home, drawn bim gradually down to the very depths of horror and despair. This exemption from what he had begun to regard as the inévitable condition of his existence, and Hie sense of security which began to pervade his mind wete inexpressibly delightful ; and, in the exul- tation of what be considered Ids deliverance, he indulged in a thousand happy anticipations for a futute into which so lately b« had hardly dared to look ; ami, in short, both he and his companion secretly congratulated themselves upon the termination of thal per.-eeolion which bad been to its immediate victim a source of such unspeakable agony. It was a beautiful day, and n crowd of idlers stood upon the jetty tu receive the pucket and enjoy the bustle of Hie new nnivals. Montague walked a few paces in advance of his friend, and, tis he made his way through the crowd, a lillie mun touched his ann, and said lo bim, in II broad provincial patois, " Monsieur is walking ino fast. He will loose his sick comrade in the throng, for, by my faith, the poor geiiileinan seems to be fainting." Minimum- tin neil quickly, and observed that Barton did, indeed, look eli tidly pale. He hastened to his side. " My denr fellow, are you ill J" he asked anxiously. The question was unheeded and twice repeated, ere Barton »lanimered, " I saw him, by --, I saw him I" "/flin/-the-the wretch-who-where-when did yon see bim-»here is he?" cried Montague, looking around him. " I saw him, bul he is gone," repented Barton, faintly. " But where, where ? For God's Bake, speak," urged Montagne, vehemently. " It is but ibis moment-here," said he. "Bul what did he look like? what hud he on? what did be wear ? Quick, quick," urged his excited companion, ready lo duri among the crowd, and collar the delinquent on the spot. " He loucbed your arm ; he Fpoke to yon ; he poinled lo me. God be merciful to me, lhere is no escape,'* said Barton, in the Ion, subdued tones of intense despair. Montague had already bustled away in all the flurry of mingled hope mid indignation ; but, though the singular personnel of the stranaer who lind accosted him was vividly and peifeclly Impressed upon his recollection, he failed to discover among the crowd even the slightest resemblance lo bim. Alter a fruit- less search, in which he enlisted the services of several of the bystanders, ulm aided all the more zealously, as they believed lie bail been robbed, he at length, out of breath and baffled, guve over (lie attempt. " Ah, roy friend, it won't do," said Barton, with the faint voice and bewildered, ghastly look of one who has been stunned by some mortal shock, " lhere is no use in contending willi it ; whatever ii is, the dreadful association between me mid it is now established. I shall tie»er escupe, never, never!" " Nonsense, nonsense, my dear fellow ; don't talk so," said Montague, with something al once of irritation and dismay. " You mimi mu, I say. We'll jockey the scoundrel yel. Never mimi, I say, never minti.*' li was, however, but lost labour to endeavour hence, forward lo inspire Barton with one ray of hope. He became utterly desponding. This intangible, and, as It seemed, utterly iuadequate influence was fast destroy- ing his energies of intellect, character and health. His first object was uuw lo return to Ireland, there, as he believed, and now almost hoped, speedily lo die. To Ireland accordingly lie came, and one of the first faces he saw upon the shore was again thai of his im- placable and dreaded persecutor. Barton seemed at lust to have lost not only all enjoyment and every hope in existence, bul all independence of will besides. He now submitted himself pasMvelv to Hie management ot the friends most nearly interested in his welfare. With the apathy of entire despair be implicitly assented lo whatever measures they suggested and advised; and, us a lust resource, it was determined to remove bim to a house of Lady L---'», in the neighbourhood of Clontarf, where, with lite advice of his medical at- tendant, who persisted in his opinion that the whole train of consequences resulted merely from some ner- vous derangement, it was resolved that he WHS to confine himself stiicily to the house, and to make une only of those apartments which commanded a view of un enclosed yard, Hie gales of which were to be kept jealously locked. Those preniiutions would certainly secure bim against the casual appearance of any living form which his excited imagination might possibly confound with the xpectre which, as it was contended, hit fancy recognised in every figure which bore even a distant or geueral resemblance to Hie traits with which be had at first invested it. A month or six necks' absoluteseclusioii.under these conditions, it was hoped, might, by interrupting the peries of these terrible im- pressions, gradually dirpel the predisposing apprehen. sious, and effectually break up the associations which had confirmed the suppot-ed disease, ami rendered recovery hopeless. Cheerful society, and that of his friends, was lo be constantly supplied, and, on Hie whole, very sanguine expectations were indulged in, to the effect that, under Hie treatment here detailed, the obstinate hypochondria of the patient might at length give way. - _ . .. .. Accompanied, therefore, by Lady L -? ., General Moutague, and his daughter, his own affianced bride, poor Barton, himself never during tu cherish a hupe of his ultimate emancipation from the strange horror« under which his life WHS literally wasting away, toole possession of the apartments, whose situation protected him against the dreadful intrusions, from which he shrunk with unutterable terror. After a little time a steady persistence in this system began lo manifest its results, in a very marked though gradual improvement, alike in the health and spirits of Hie invalid. Nul, indeed, that anything at all ap- proaching to complete recovery was jet decernible. On the contrary, tu linne who had not Been him since the commencement of his strange sufferings, .such an alteration would have been apparent as might have shocked Idem. The improvement, however, such as ii was, was welcomed willi gratitude and delight, especially by ibu poor young lady, whom her attach- ment to him, as well as her now singularly painful posilion, consi quent on his mysterious and protracted illness, renderetl an object of pity scarcely one degree less In he commiserated than himself. A week passed, a fornighr, a -month, and yet no re- currence of the hated visitation bad agitated and ter ' rifled bim as usual. The treatment had, so far forth, been followed by complete success. The'chain of a-Bociutions had been broken. The constant pressure of Ibe overtasked spirits had been removed, and, under these comparatively favourable circumstances, the sense of social community with the world about him, and something of humau interest, if not of enjoy« meat, began to reanimate his mind. it was about this time that Lady L-, who, like most old ladies of the day, was deep in family receipts and a greal pretender lo medical science, being engaged in the concoction of certain unpalatable mixtures of li itclieii-gurdeti with a list of herbs which were lhere to be carefully culled and brought hack io her for. the purpose stated. The iluttidmaiden, however, returned with her task acaree half completed and a good deal flurried and alarmed. Her mude of accounting for her precipitate retreat and evident agitation was odd, aud, to the bid lady, unpleatanlly startling. Ii appeared that she had repaired to the "»«'>en garden, pursuant to her mistress's directions, and had there begun to make the specified selection «mung the rank and neglected he-hs which crowded one corner of the enclosure, and, while engaged in this pleasant labour, she cureleisly sang a fragment of an old song, as she said, .. to keep herself company.* She was, however, interrupted by an ill-natured laugh, and, looking up, she saw through the old thorn hedge, which surrounded the garden; a singularly ill-looking little m m, whose countenance wore the stump of menace Hnd malignity, standing close to her, at the other side of th« hawthorn arreen. She described herself as utterly unable to move or «peak, while he charged her « ith a message fur Captain Barton, the substance of which she distinctly remembered to have been to Hie effect, that he, Captain Barton, must come abroad, as usual, and show himself lo his friends out of doora, or else prepare for a visit in his own chamber. On con- cluding this brief messjge, the stranger had, willi a threatening air, got down Into the outer ditch, and, s. ¡zing the hawthorn stems in his hands, seemed on the point of climbing through the fence, a feat which niiulu have been accomplished without much difhVulty. Without, of course, awaiting this result, the girl, thtovv. ing down her treasures of lliynie and rosemary, had turned and ran, with the swiftness of terror, lo the limise. Lady L_commanded her, on pain of instant dismissal, to observe an absolute silence respecting all thal passed of the incident, which related lo Captain Barton ; and, at the same time, directed instant hearch to be mude hy her men, in Hie garden and the fields adjacent. This measure, however, was attended willi the numil unsiiccess, and, filled with fearful and un. definable misgivings. Lady L- communicated the incident lo her biother. The story, however, until long afterwards, went no further, and. of course, ii was jealously guarded from' Burton, who continued lo auteuil, though slowly nrtd impeifeclly. Barloo now began lo walk occasionally in the court, yard which we have mentioned, and which, being sur* mundell by a high wall, commanded no view beyond its own extent. Hore he, therefore,considered himself perfectly secure; and, but for a careless violation of orders hy one of ihe grooms, he might have enjoyed, at least, much longer his much-prized iminuuity. Open, ing upon the public road, lint yard was entered by a wooden gate, nilli a Wicket ill ii, and which was further defended hy an iron gale upon the outside. Sli irl orders had í>een given to keep them carefully locked ; but, spile uf these, it had happened thal, one day, as Barton «tis slowly pacing this narrow en closuie, in his accustomed walk, and reaching the further extremity, was turning to retrace his steps, he saw the hoiinled wicket ujur, and the face of his tor. mentor immovably looking at him through the ¡run burs. For a few seconds he stood rivetted to the earth, breathless mid bloodless, in the fascination of llml dreaded gaze, and then fell helplessly and insen- sibly upnti the pin emeu I. There he was round a few minutes afterwards and c. uveyed to lug room, Ibu apartment which lie was uever afterwards lo leave alive. Hencelorwurd a marked and unaccountable change was observable in the lune of his mind. Captain B.irton was now no longer the excited and despairing mau he had been heftire. A strange alteration had passed upon him ; an unearthly tranquillity reigned in his miud : it was the nuticipated stillness of the grave. " Montague, my friend, this struggle is nearly ended now," he sttid, tranquilly, bul willi a tunk uf fixed and tearful awe. " I have at lust some comfort from that world of spirits fron which my punishment has come. I know that my au (Teringa will soon be over." Montague pressed bun lo speak on. " Yes,'' said he, in a softened voice, " my punish- ment is nearly ended. Fruin sorrow, perhaps, I »hull never, in time or eternity, escape ; but my agony is almost over. Comfort has been revealed to me, and what remains of my allotted struggle I will bear with submission, even with hope." " i um glad lu hear yuu speak so tranquilly, my dear fellow," said Montague; " peace and cheer of mind ure all you need to make you what yuu were." " No, no, I never can be that," said he, mournfully. " I am no lunger fit fur life. 1 am s.inii to die. I do nut shriuk fruin death as I did. Iain to Bee him but once iig.iiu, and then nil is ended." " He fail) so, then ?" suggested ¡Montague. " He ? Nu, no. Good tidings could scarcely come through him, and these were good aud welcome ; aud they came so solemnly and sweetly, with unutterable luve and melanchnl), such as I could no1, without saying mure Iban is needful, or fitting, of long.past scenes and persons, fully explain to you." As Barton Biiid ibis he sited tears. " Come, come," sttid Montague, mistaking the source of hiB emotions, " yon must no1 give way. What is it, afler all, buta pack of iii earns and nonsense; or, at vvuisl, the pi notices of n scheming rascal that enjoys his power of playing upon 3our nerves, and loves to exert it,-a smoking vagabond thal owes you a grudge, and puya it off this way, not daring to try a ruoie manly une." " A ¡trudge, indeed, he owes me. You say rightly." said Marion, with a sudden shudder ; " a grudge, as you call ii. Oh, my God, when Ihe justice ol Heaven permits the evil one lo carry uni a scheme of ven- geance; when its execution is committed lo ihe lust and terrible victim of sin, who owes his own ruin lo a man, the very mun whom he is cumnii-aioned to pursue, then, indeed, Ihe torments and terrors of hell are nilli, cipated ou earth I But Heaven has dealt mercifully w ii li me ; hope has opened to me at last ; und, if death cuuld come without the dreadful sight I am dimmed lo see, I would gladly close my eyes this moment upon the wurld. But, though death is welcome, 1 shrink wilban agony you cannot understand; a maddening agony, au actual phremsy of terror,-from thu last 1 ncuunter with Unit,-that demon who has drawn nie finis lo the verge of the chasm, mid who is himself tu plunge me down. I am lu se« him again, once more, but under circumstances unutterably more terrific than ever." As Barton thus spoke he trembled so violently that Montague was really alarmed at the extremity of his sudden ¡mituliun, and hastened lu lead lum back to the ti pic which had befure seemed lo exert BO tran- quillizing an efferl upon lita mind. *' Ii W.18 not 11 dream," he said, after a lime j " I was in a different stale; 1 fell differently and strangely ; and yet it was all as real, as clear, and vivid as what I now see and hear : it was >i reality.'' " And what did you see and hear?" urged his com- panion. " When I aw akened from the swoon I fell into on see. ing nim." said Burton, continuing as if he had nut beard the qui siiun, " it was slowly, very slowly-I was re- clining hy the margin ufa broad lake, willi misty bills all round, hnd a soft, melancholy, roBe-coloured li«lit illuminated it all. It wau unusually sad and lonely, and yet more beautiful Hmn any e.u tilly scene. My head was leaning on the lap of a girl, and sim wus siiigiug a strange and »undroussoiig, that told, I know not how, vvbelber by words or harmonies, uf all my life, all I li ¡U Is past, and all that is to come ; and willi Hie song of the old feelings thal I Ihuughtbad perished within me caine burk, and tears ûWed from my eyes, * partly for Ihe tong mid ii* mysterious beauty, and partly for the unearthly Bweelness of her voice ; and jet I knew the voice-oh, how well 1-and I wus spell. bound as I listened und looked al the strange and solitary scene, without stirring, almost without breath- ing; and, alus! nias! without turning my eyes toward the face thal I knew was near roe, si» sweetly over powerful was the enchantmeni (but held me. And so »lowly and suftly the song and scene grew fainter, and ever fainter, lo my senses, lill all WHS dark and still again. And then [ »"kened to this wurld, as yon saw, comforted, tor I knew Hint I waa forgiven much." Barton wept again |ung and bitterly. From this lime, as we have said, the prevailing tone of his iniii.l was one of profound and tranquil meian, rhnly. This, however, was no1 without its interrup- tions. He wus thoroughly impressed with Hie convic- tion that he was to experience another and a final visitation, illimiiably Irnnscendingjn horror.all he had before experienced. From this anticipated and . un. known uguny he often shrunk in such paroxysms of abject terrui and distraction as filled the whole house, hold willi dismay anibsuperslitious panic. Even those Hmung Hiern who affected to discredit the superstition of preierunliiral agency io the mutier wer« often in their secret souls visited during Hie darkness and soli- tude of the night wilb qualms and apprehensions, which they would not have .readily confessed, and none of them attempted to dissuade Barton from the resolut inn un which be oow systematically acted, of shutting himself up in bis own apartment. The window blinds of this roum were kept jealously down, and his own man was seldom out of bia presence duy or night, bis bed being placed in lb* same chamber. This man was an nttiiclied and respected servant, and his duties in nddition to those ordinarily imposed .upon val,ts, but which Hnrton's independent habits genuially dispensed with, «rere to ntieud carefully to the himple précautions by'means of which hi« .muster hoped to ex- clude the dreaded recurrence of the " Watcher." ns the strange letter he bud at'first received bud designated bia persecutor. And, in addition to sttending to these sr» rangements,' which consisted merely in anticipating «h« possibility of his master's being, through any unscreened window or open door, exposed to the dreaded influença the »alet was never io suffer him to be for one moment alone i total solitude, even for a minute, had become to bim now «Imont a* intolerable as the ides of going abroad into the public ways, it was like some instinctive aniioioa. lion of what was coming. * It is needless to say, that, under these mysterious and horrible circumstance», no steps were taken toward the fulfilment of that engagement into which be had entered. There was quite disparity enough in point of years, and* indeed of habit», between the young lady and Captain Hatton, to have precluded anything like very vehement or romantic attachment on her part. Though grieved and anxious, therefore, she was very far from being heart, broken, a circumstance which, for the sentimental pur- poses of our tale, is much to be deplored. But truth must be lold, especially in a narration whose chief, ¡f not only, pretensions to interest consist in a rigid «dueran»* to facts, or «hat are to reported to have been. Miss Montague, however, devoted much of her time to a patient but fruitless attempt to cheer the unhappy invalid. She read for him, and conversed with lum . uu¿ it was apparent that, whatever exertion he made, the en deavour to escape from the one constant and ever present fear that preyed upon him »as utterly and miserably unavailing. Young Indies are much given to the cultivation of peu, and among ihose vi bo shared the favour of.Miss Montagu« was a fine old owl. which the gardener, who caught bim napping among the ivy of a ruined stable, had dutifully presented to that young lady. The caprice which regulates such preferences was man!, fe-sted in the extravagant favour willi which this grim and ill-favoured bird was al once distinguished by his mistress, mid, trifling as tbU whimsical circumstance may seem, f am forced to mention it, inasmuch as it is connected oddly enough, with ihe concluding scene of the story. Barton, so fir from sharing in this liking fur Hie new favourite, regarded it from the first with an antipathy as violent a« it was utterly unaccountable. Its very vicinity was unsupporlable tu bim. He seemed to bate and dread it with a vehemence absolutely laughable« and which, to those who have never witnessed the exhibition of antipa- thies of ibis kind, would seem all but incredible. With these few words of preliminary explanation I shall proceed to state the particulars of the last scene in this strange series of incidents. It was almost two o'clock one winter's night, and Barton was, as usual at that hour, in his bed. The servant we have mentioned occupied a smaller bed in the same room, and a light was burning. The man was on a sudden aroused by his master, who said, «' I can't get it out of my head that that accursed bird has got out somehow, and is luikin'g in some corner of the room. I have been dreaming of him. Get up, Smith, and look about. Search fur him. Such, hateful dreams 1" The servant rose and examined the chamber, and, while engaged in so doing, he heard the well known sound, mora like a long-drawn gasp than a hiss, with which these birds, from their secret haunts, affright the quiet of the night. This ghostly indication of its proximity, for the sound proceeded from the passage upon which Barton's cham- ber-door opened, determined HIP search of the servant, who, opening the door, proceeded a step or two forward for tlie purpose of driving the bird away. He bad, how- ever, hardly entered the lobby when the door behind him slowly swung to under the impulse, as it seemed, of some gentle current of air ; but, as immediately over the door there was a kind of window, intended in the daytime to aid in lighting the passage, and through which at present the rays of the candle were issuing, the valet could tee quite enough for his purpose. As be advanced he heard his master, who, lying in well-curtained bed, had not, as it seemed, perceived his exit from the room, call him by name, mid direct bim to place the candle on the table by his bed. The servant, who was now some way in the long passage, and, not liking to raise his voice for the purpose of replying lest he should startle the sleeping inmates of the house, began to walk hurriedly and softly back again, when, lo Ids amazement, he heard a voice in the interior of the chamber answering calmly, and actually saw, through the window which overtopped the door, that til« light was slowly shifting as if carried across the chamber in answer to his master's call. Palsied by a feeling akin to terror, yet not unmingled with a horrible curiosity, he stood breathless and listening at the threshold unable to summon resolution lo push open the door and enter. Then came n rustling of the cut tains and a sound like that of one who, in a low voice, hushes a child to (ess, in the midst of which be beard Barton say, in a tone of stifled horror, " Oh, God I ob, my God I" and repeat the sume exclamation several times. Then ensued a silence, winch agjin was broken by the same strange soothing sound j and at last there burst forth in one swelling peal a yell of agony so appalling and hideous, that, under soma impulse of ungovernable horror, the man rushed to the door, and. with his whole strength, strove to force it open. Whether it was that, in his agitation, he had himself but imperfectly turnetl the handle, or that the door was really secured upon the inside, he failed to effect an entrance; and, as be tugged and pushed, yell after yell rang louder mid wilder through the chamber, accompanied all the while by the same bushed sounds. Actually freeling with terror, and scarce knowing what he did, the man turned and ran down the passage, wi inging his hands in the ex- tremity of horror and irresolution. At the stair-head he was encountered by General Montague, scared and eager, end jost ns they met the fearful sounds had ceased. " What is it? Who? Where is your master?" said Montague with the incoherence of extieme ugitution. " Bos anything, for God's sake, is anything wrong ?" " Lord liuvc mei ey on us, it's all over," said the ma», staring; wildly towards bis roaster's chamber. " Be's dead, sir, I'm sure he's dead:' Without waiting for inquiry or explanation Montague, closely fol- lowed by the servant, hurried to the chamber-door, till ned the handle, and jiusbett it open. As the door yielded to his pressure the ill omened bird of «hieb the servant had been in search, uttering its spectral warning, started suddenly from Hie far side ol the bed, and flying through die doorway close over Uieir beads, andextinguisbing, iii his passage, the candle which Montague can ¡ed, crushed through the skylight that overlooked the lobby, and sailed away into chu darkness ol' the outer space. 'Thcieitis, God bless us," whispered the man after a breathless pause. " Curse that bird," muttered the general, startled by the suddenness of the apparition and unable to conceal lils discomposure. "The rundle is moved," said tlie man, after another breathless pause j "see, they put it by the bed." "Draw the eui tains, fellow, and don't stand gaping there," whit peied Montague, stciuly. The mun hesitated. "Hold this, then," said Montague, impatiently thrusting the can- dlestick into the sei v ant's hand, and, himself advancing to the bed- side, lie drew the eui tains apart 'J he light ol'the candle, which was still burning by the bedside, tell upon a figure huddled together, and half upright, at the head of the bed. It seemed as though it had slunk buck as far as the solid panelling would allow, and the band» n ere still clutched in the bedelotlics. "Barton, Barton, Ballon," oiled the general, with a strang« mixture of awe and vehemence. He took the candle, and held it so that it shone full upon the face. The features were fixed, stem, and white ; the jaw was fallen ; and the sightless eyes, still open, gazed vacantly foi ward towan! the front of the bed. " God Almighty, he« dead," muttered the genei al, as he looked upon this fearful spectacle. They both continued to gaze upon it in silence for amoment or mor«. " And cold, too," whispered Montague, withdrawing his hand man that ot the dead man. ' . " And see, see, may I never have life, sir, added the man, -aller another pause, with a shudder, " hut there was something else on the bed with hiin. ¿ooktheie-look there-see thot, sir." . As the man thus spoke he pointed to a deep indenture, as if caused by a heavy pressure, near the loot of the bed. Montague was silent. j-. " Come, sir, come away, for God's sake," whispered the man, draw- ing close up to him, and holding fast by U* aim, while he glanced fearfully round, "what good eau be done here now? Copie away, for God s sake." . At this moment they hean! the steps of more than one opproacn ing, and Moqfigue, hastily denning the servant to arrest their pro gies», endeavoured to loose the rigid gripe with whioh the fingers « the dead man weie clutcuedJa ibe bedclothes. .n?,i~",.?i." ¿S -Bo was able, tue awrUlTIlgiirc into a reclining posture. I ben, ao£ ing the curtains carefully upon it," he hastened himself to meetuwtv persons that were approaching. . - It is ncedlesB to follow the personages so slightly connected wita this narrativo lato the events ot theil- alter life. It is enough foru»¿0 remaik.thntno clue to die solution of these myst:rlousoccurwnc» was ever after discovered; and so loug an interval having now passed since the event which we have just dcsciibed concluaea curs strange histoi y, it is seal eely to be expected that tune can »rowan* new lights upon its dark and inexplicable outline. Until the secret» oftkeeaith shall be no longer hidden, therefore, these trantscuon» must lemaiu shrouded in Uieir origiual impenetrable obscurity. The only ocuinence in Captain Barton'» lormer life W,T"? reference was evei made, as having any possible connexion WHO ure suffcilngs with which his existence closed, and whlcbjto hmiiwr seemed to regai das working out a retribution for some 8TicT0U,.l"1T of his past life, was a cl.cümsttuice which not for several yearsi alter his death was brought to light. The nature of this disclosure wa» pnintulto hlsieliitlves and discreditable to his memory. As.now ever, wehavecxcicised the caution of employing nctiUous »""".' andas there aie very few living who will be able to refer Wu» actoi s in this drama, their real names and places in society, lhere « nothing to prevent our stating, in two or three Unes, the suosuvu«. of this discovery. . _ . , -,.-«-". It appealed, then that, some six years before CwtttoB«*»! final return to Dublin, he had formed, in the town of «y»0»»? guilty attachment Uie object of which was the daughter-of oneortn« ship', crew under bl» command. The father bad visited the traUtj ofhi« unhappy child widi extreme harshness, and even nT|f»'tf'!!S? it was said she died heart-broken. Presuming upon Barton » impu cation in her guilt, this man hod conductedTdmself towards Dim with marked insolence, and Barton retaliated this, and,J*!: ¿J resented with still more exasperated bitterness, his Mtpentor HW unfortunate girl, hy a systematic exercise °IJ^¡L îf.ïÏÏdatti« arbitrary severities which the regulations ot the navy P'««J "T tofficted in one or his recent and sanguinary punishments. Whether these circumstonT., In reality, W«r or not JW« *. occurrences or Bartons after-lU« It it, of courte, .»I»,»î^iVbW It seems, however, more than probable thal «hey were,-at;*e""telTS£ own mind, closely associated with Ûata. BuS.h?w,'YeL",cudon, may be as to the origin and motives of thit mysterious P«"T^,' there can be no doubt that, with respect to the agenc es hy »blob * waa accomplished, absolute and impenetrable mystery is «*. prevail until the duy of doom. Printed iwd Published hu the Propiietor. Wii.MAM Gos* hu-iwoN o/ai, Cllin» street. Holmrt Towt.J'rinltr, (rending at Cohittr street J «« the '* Carier Office, 81, Collins-stitet, Hobart Town, yan Diemen t L***> 