OF A GHOST THAT APPEARED TO THE EDITOR. I be toils of the day had passed away, Our proofs had gone to press. All weary on oar couch we lay, In virgin loneliness : We had heard the chimes of vanish 'd times Ring on our fancy's ear — And the lonely knell of the passing bell Which toll'd for ibo dying year. We thought of ihe breath— now quench'd in death— That welcomed the last year in ; Of the garland changed to the cypress wreath, And of souls that had perish'd in sin ; We thought on the joy we had felt as a boy, In lollipops, feather?, and frills ; And we thought with a qmke aad a dubious shake Of our usual quarterly bills! Oh ! terrible sight; a ghastly sprite With a face that spoke of the tomb ! Array'd from tho top to the bottom in white— Appeat'd in the chamber's gloom. With awful amaze we mark'd its gaze, For remorse to its features clung — And woful and sore the expression they wore, Like a thief coming out to be hung. We shiver'd all o'er, and from every pore Trickled the dews of fear — And we uttered betwixt a groan and a roar, ' Why, what are you up ».o here ? — Of murder fell have you come to teii ? — I'll print your confession, don'c doubt ; Or if gold you've hid, wherever you bid, I'll oblge jou by finding it out.' In a dismal whine, ' That's all very fine/' The sorrowful ghost replied : ' I wouldn't mind standing a dozen of wine, If I had so happiiy died. But murder is fun to the deeds I've done : I've fed on the brains of my kind— I've assisted the slave to his premature grave, And have pilfer'd the fruits of his niiad. ' Because in my heart pity bore not a part, Now wretched for aye is ray shade,' 'You're a Yankee perhaps,' we replied with a start, ' And you followed the bookselling trade ?' '* Ah 1 would that no more could be laid at ray door!— Your journal 1 took for a year — And nicely you're nick'd, for the bucket I've kic'k, Three quarters at least in arrear !' Like a bullet that's sped, we sprung out of bed, But the spirit made off to the door ; Our ponderours ledger we flung at his head, And he sunk in the ground with a roar. The chamber we clear'd — iu the press-room appear'd, With horror and rage in our brain ; And contrived to get in this confession of sin, As a warning to those who remain. -Douglas Jerrold. 