ADDRESSES TO THE LORD BISHOP OF TASMANIA. Yesterday, at twelve o'clock, a deputation of gentlemen met at St. David's Cathedral, and proceeded to Government House, to present the following Address from the Minister, Churchwardens, Congregation, and Parishioners of St. David's to his Lordship : amongst whom we noticed the Rev. Dr. Bedford, Senior Chaplain ; Lieutenant-Colonel Cumberland, Lieutenant Kay, RN., Lieutenant Smith; John Dunn, jun., T. D. Chapman, E. P. Bedford, J. C. Walker, W. Blyth, J. Forster, L.C. Stevenson, and -Dawson, Esquires. Several gentlemen who intended to have been present were disappointed, having mistaken the hour. Upon their arrival at Government House they were ushered into the Library, and upon the appearance of his Lordship the Rev. Dr. Bedford read the following Address : To the Right Reverend Father in God, Francis Russell, Lord Bishop of Tasmania. My Lord, 'We, the Ministers, Churchwardens, congregation and parishioners of St. David's. be.; to offer to your Lordship our sincere and hearty congratulations on your return to your Diocese in health and safety. We are thankful that it has pleased God, in His provi- dence, to preserve Airs. Nixon and family during your absence. We feel assured that it will be gratifying to your Lord- ship to know that all matters connected with your Cathedral have been conducted as your Lordship would have wished had you been present. We are also anxious to assure you that it is our earnest desire to co-operate with your Lordship in all measures tending to promote the glory of God and the interests of the Church under your jurisdiction. His Lordship introduced his reply in a few pre- factory and confidential observations, and urged the multiplicity of his engagements as the reason which had prevented his responding to the various Addresses which had been presented in a more perfect and satisfactory manner, His Lordship wished it to be distinctly understood, that the observations he had hitherto made were addressed to them as private friends of the Church of England, but that which he had now written might be placed on record. Reverend H not in es and Gentlemen, My intimate and peculiar connexion with the parish of David's must needs lender your Address more than commonly gratifying to my feelings, believe me, I am truly grateful to the Giver of all Good for the many mercies that He has bestowed upon me; more especially, in that He has vouchsafed to bring me back in safety to my appointed sphere of duty, restored me to my fellow labourers, and given me once more the comfort of domestic peace and happiness. 1 It is indeed gratifying to me to know how fully all my [ wishes respecting the Cathedral have been attended to during my absence and I must request the Senior Chaplain, as well as the Churchwardens. to accept my thanks for the excellent order in which I find all things com- muted to their respective charge. Suffer me, too, to express my gratification on receiving your assurances of co-operation with me in all those measures which may have for their ultimate object the glory of God and the interests of our pure and Apostolic Church, it is not that these assurances were absolutely required ; but I hail them as a fresh earnest that we shall cordially and affectionately work together, bearing each other's burdens, overlooking each other's infirmities, and strengthening each other's hands, for the performance of the several duties that are before us. His Lordship then taking the Rev. Dr. Bedford by the hand, said he was glad of that opportunity to express his thanks to the Reverend gentleman, as the Senior Chaplain and the oldest Clergyman in the Diocese, for his attention to everything in his absence, and for the state in which he had found things upon his return. Dr. Bedford expressed his deep sense of his Lordship's kindness in a suitable reply; when his Lordship, addressing the Churchwardens, expressed his entire satisfaction with all the arrangements that had been made, and the deputation withdrew. The following Address to the Lord Bishop of Tasmania was presented on the Queen's birth-day by a deputation consisting of the Rev. J. Burrowes ; G. B. Forster, Esq., A.P.M.; E. Tooth, Esq., J.P. ; Captain Chalmers, and Lieutenant Harrison, J.P.'s. To the Right Reverend Father in God, Francis Russell, Laid Bishop of Tasmania. May it please Your Lordship, We the undersigned, the Minister and members of the congregation of Saint Mark's Church, Pontville,' and residents of the parishes attached thereto, desire most heartily to congratulate your Lordship on the termination of an arduous undertaking and your safe return to the bosom of an anxious and affectionate family, and " the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseer." Whilst rejoicing in this etVit, we humbly .,."..v the Throne of Grace that you presence, of?'' us, may more than ever tend . strengthen and Ti "i to Church of Christ, of Chichele feel ourselves as * 228 though we trust not unfaithful members. "'"""Why, We are thankful to find that your Lordship, repress. lions of-our spiritual necessities have been 3in of responded to by the Chiistianpublie of England. We' trust that their sympathy ma excite amongst ourselves spirit of emulation, and making so .. zealously as?. . ? good," that we shall not cease to labour in the 39 our Heavenly Master. of advice of Feeling that your Lordship's most strenuous sales. since the foundation of the Diocese, bau"«ÏÏ"¡0IW' directed to the increase of our temporal and spiritual - ,n fare, we presume not to suggest, much less dicta?. '* subject of many which your own observations were ' hitherto, speedily discover; bit humbly praying Ahn life God, that He may long spare, you to lead Hashish' way of righteousness and true holiness, and that will shall please Him to withdraw you from the charge of" mitted to you, that the, name of old. our Z L.T Zweitt?-" I have fought the good as A We remain, i Right Reverend Father, Your Lordships most dutiful and obedient [Signedbj HO signatures.] written His Lordship briefly apologised for not returning ate" reply, pleading the fact of his, time being s" con, pletely and unceasingly occupied since his, return tStha" colon, ; but feeling, morcom. that words coming direct from the heart, came more immediately to the hearing the hearers, his Lordship returned thanks for their tin sympathy and warm congratulations, and trusted that I,, had ever unflinchingly declared the truth in "pp" " * '° every error which he had encountered, so he would not to shrink from a similar course, but continue to the end Z f:iiowS!;Zfew,,0,e doctrine of Christ ?*»»?£ His Lordship particularly desired to take the more. surely publicly to acknowledge the many obligation, S, which he and the Churchill Van Diemen's I slip the Rev. Mr. Forster, without whw«1Sue Dacosta and assistance he should not have been to bLItíZ cause so successfully before the people of England is - thankful that those exertions had ob,ai"Ä"J^J morèaèffiecie1,tWOUld '"2 3" "and Star o" clay His Lordship also expressed himself highly Diemen ," find a spirit of unanimity so very generally existing between Ministers and people, which he trusted would customs exist, and extend till it pervaded the whole community?'. 