the history of auricular confes sion : This work, in two volumes, is translated by Mr. C. Cocks from the French of the Count de Las- teyrie It considers auricular confession, (as pur sued in the Roman Catholic Church), religiously, morally and politically ; and it quotes innumerable nsiances oi me aepraviiy of priests and tbe vile ad vantages they take of sacred privileges of the con fessional. There is enough in a single chapter in this book to make one's hair stand on end with hor ror at the revolting crimes perpetrated under the cl ak of religion and by religion's ministers. The exposure is terrible; and if the work be extensively -.ead, it is calculated to deal tiie severest blow ever yei levelled at :he Komish Church. We quote a passage as a specimen oi the revelations made by.. Count de Lajteyrie concerning the depravity of priests and nuire: — A ClNVHNT op PROSTITUTES. Elizabeth Bavout, born at Rouen, iosi her parents in her ninth year. Her uncle placed her with a laundress, with wlioin she remained for three years. Ail the documents equally assert that her conduct throughout that peri-id was irreproachable. Her character, the turn ol her mind, and still more the suggestions of her early co ifessors, inspired her with a taste for a devout life, and the desire of at taining perfection. For this purpose, she resolved to retire ftom the wo Id. She had c nceived so high an opinion of the . oider of Saint Francis, that she determined to enter the coovent of Saint Ehzi- beth de Lou\i -re. She left it soon after, in conse quence of the disgust and aversion she felt at the vile practices o» the nuns.iu which she was forced to partieipa-e. But the i resistible preference she en tertained lor Saint Francis induced her to return to his convent, ' If I were not so timid." says she in her conelssion, ' I would blame my devotion to the rder of Saint Francis -at hast I believe it was in discreet, excessive, and scrupulous, I was obsti nately bent on belonging to some convent that fol lowed his rules. Such was one ol tbe sources ol my misfortunes, and I think that after I had aban doned God, by acting coutrary to his inspirations, he abandoned me to myself, to follow ray indiscre- tion ; for, in spite ol my relations, and without pay ing any attention to the advice that was given me, by several persous, I was determined to remain as a nun of the turning-box. She was handed over to two cou/essers, who under pretence of perfection and an intimate union with God, fascinated her mind so far as to make her believe that the actions which they p evailed upon her, as weli as upon the other nuns to commit, were by no means contrary to piety and religion. " It was so far good," she said at times, when she reflected upon what was re quired ol her ' that my revolted conscience was seucible of my miseries, and I used to reproach my self for all that passed between Pieard (the name of her second confessor) and myseif." This unfortu nate, simple, und credulous girl, whose mind was transported to the most extravagant "devotion, was huriied away by her boundless confidence and her bliod suimisssiun to the most nefarious of wretches, into t ie most shamelu! proceedings, and even into a beliei in the practices of magic, professed by her directors. She sptatts, in her confession, of a dona tion she had made of her body to the devil, at the suggestion of that yiilianous P:card. But what proves a fund of purity and candour in her soul- is that wnile openly avowing, her errors and faults she attributes them to herself, rhmin-h ST#»rp nri _ tirely owing to the difectors who had been imposed upon her. "1 stale them here (ia her confession) iu order to coufouud myself the more, and the better to make known my horrible wickedness." In ano ther place she describes the dreadful position iu which she was kept. ' No one in the house was ig norant ol that man's attachment to uie, ot his priva cy, or ol my frequent visits to his room at his in stance, But the nuns turned a deaf ear, and would neverallow me to go and confess elsewhere, though I entreated them, in the hope that an honest man might find a remedy for my poor conscience aud tell me what 1 had to do . For this I neither ought nor wish to excuse myself, by so trifling and frivolous a reason, though indeed they wouid have accused me of as a great crime bad I been to any other couiessor. inasmuch as this would have been revealing the whole secret of the monas tery. No, 1 rnysel:, either from stupidity or inclina- iou, am the cause ut my owu irregularities, from which a prudent charitable confe sor would easily have redeemed me." The tranquillity aud resigna tion with which she bore the calumnv, ill-treat ment, aud sufl'erings inflicted upon Her by the nuns and iier confessors, are beyond all praise. On their refusing her eve.i the most necessary tilings in. her malady, and safterings, she exclaims — 4> and as 1 deserve to be in hell, in the place due to my faults, can 1 complain that they do wrong, when tney re fuse me any li tie comforts in my affliction?" Un der the weiguty calumny and lalse accusations brougnt against ber, whilst the proceedings of the nuns of Louviers were in progress, E.izubeth Bavent determined to write and publish her confession, con- formablv to the opinion of an honest priest who had been given her by the penitentiary of RoueB,and could sympathise in her misfortunes. This unfor tunate girl hrd to struggle, not only against the con- fessros of the convent, and the nuns whom they had corrupted, but also against the monks and a great part of the clergy, who bad leagued with the devo tees, led astray by their intrigues. tFortha sake of saving guilty confessors from punishment, and ?or the honour of confession toey . did not hesitate to prvooke, by their intrigues and by tbe in'amous ineaus, -the condemnaiion of a girl whose errors and irregularities we?e occasioned by the directors, who were the instruments of the vileness i nts is, sue says," what I lay before the court in this paper where 1 have seperated the truth from falsehood, to serve as it may please God, before whom s protest I have nothing else to say. If I endeavour to ac company it with some sentiments of sorrow and humiliation, which are imparted to me by Jesus Christ, I do only my duty ; and I prav Him to give me more. But I am very sure that I speak in the most sincere and faithful manner possible, and as I spoke when making my last cnufession to prepare myself for execution. So never have I opensd my mouth to declare what is here recorded, without first invoking, on my knees, the Holy Ghost, which is the spirit of truth." She complains " of the nuns of Louviers accusing her of having been led astray by a Franciscan, named Bontemps, at the time she was with the laundress of having been- very often con ducted to the infernal sabbat, with other giils; o having been married to tbe devil Dagon under thef form of a young man." She says she hus no knowledge of the facts imputed to her, and that she has consulted the confessor she had a t that time, who assures her there was no such thing; but that, on the contrary, she was at that age remarkable for piety, and that her old companions bore witness lo the propriety of her conduct at that period. She adds that the nuns of Louviers had brought this ac cusation against her in order to cause her to be con sidered by weak minds as a girl who was a' ready a witch or magician when she fiist went to the monas tery, and had caused their afflictions ' But I vow nefore God, and call him who will be my chief judge to witness, tnat I was pure when asked them to receive me. I heartily wish I was in the same condition as when 1 went in." "She found," she says, " debauchery established in the convent. David, who directed us a l,was a horrible priest, and quite unworthy of so divine and bolv a profession. He used to read to us the 4 Rooh of Holy Word; composed by a 'Capuchin friar, which, at that lime, served for onr particular uid only rule in the establishment ; but he explained it in a strange man lier, which was neveitneless approved of, and fol lowed by the mothers who governed us. This bad man and dangerous priest, uuder pretence of intro ducing perfect obedience, which ought to extend even to what is most difficult and repugnant to tusture, introduced abominable practices, by which G< d lias been dishonoured a.ndinsuited in an extru- or.linanay manner. Cau I dare even to name them t He used to say that we ought exterminate sin by sin, to return to innoceiicy aud resemble cur first p ;rents. wbo were not ashamed ot their nutidy. Un- rlpr tiiltt cu. tttiniY lflYI'flllHTB. wllclt 1111111111 t!6S ft 11(1 (i IS- trusting actions did they not caure lo be committed ? Those nuns were considered the most holy, perfect and virtuous, who stripped, and danced, or appeared in the choir, and went to the garden in that state This is not all ; they accustomed us to do what! dare nut relate, to commit the most horrible and infamous sins, which -my confessor told me had been rematked by St. Paul, iu bis Epistle to the Romans, as having been instances of the most excessive im mortality during the reign of tbe Prince ol Hell among tiie Pagans (Epistle to the Rom., ch. i., v. 26. I have seen them prolaining the most holy sacra ment of the al'ar, which was at the disposal of the nuns. What penance must they have reeo jise to, in order to obtain j a don for so many and such horri ble crimes ! To tell the truth, 1 felt an unaccount able aversion to these infamous practices, and I wouid not always do what they required of me; But 1 accordingly was considered a disobedient, rebel lious, obstinate , proud, head-strong girl. W ould to God I had been tnore so ! it would have been better for my soul und 1 should not then have committed so great a number of offences. Once especially I resisted much about taking the communion, stript to my waist I was, however, forced to do so, and us I endeavoured to cover myself at least with the communion table cloth, Pierre David (the principal author of all this, and who had commanded the tnatroms to do so on mv account) made me lay it down ; and' again, as I tried to cover inyssif with my bands, which were fiee, he commauded me to join tbem: This was a horrible proceeding, of which could not help complaining to those who had forced me toil. I believe that was the principle cause of of my being sent away, which was so far Irom grieving me, that I was delighted, Irom the hope 1 had of properly confessing my sins, a thing which I was no't allowed to do ; for, during the 20 months 1 remained .here, 1 had nevei succeeded in making a good and entire accusation of my faults. David would not allow us to accuse ourselves of the im moralities introduced there, telling us they were not transgressions. It was in vain I asked the mistress of the fnovices for ;a priest; she replied in the same terms, aud was oue of the adepts in that school." 