Am-"Marble Halls." I say I'm a friend of Estabüsh'd Church, Tho* endowments I'd divide I would not leave any one in the lurch, But lean towards every side. I would n**t exempt a particular sect, Thai assiMtanfe in tutula w< uid claim ; But still I must beg you to recollect I'm r->r High Church all the «ama. I rai'oer object to a Maynooth Grant ; nut if there is any at all, I think the suvpiy should equal the want, Whether that be Urge or sm.li So a Romish College I d weil «*r,dt>w, For wfcat'i, atier * li, irs a name ? - l'.uf jusi f,e «so g-iOi.' -s r"!o?mijer uow I'm i Pr'>l< s! .i¡:i - li'' same. It would )»e?onv.* ts- ''-w* were we to go fur--vtiie vf .-.Ie M Ute Premieres ad ûrvf--- M; ;!..» «...r.e -ira;:' : >jt the few stanzas we b v- Un, w ll ifiv«* a vrry fair {speci men tr ; ? ??.????>.kniiie document, wriieh may be í.í;íi ir. . \" .: s j for, ve believe, two-pence the prie*1 b.r R.v.jert has liberally, nut to i-?.y ajspropriatfly, put upon it. ANECDOTE OF SIR HARRY SMITH.-A mem ber of rh*.* United Service Ciuh gives the fol lowing interesting anecdote oí ^ir Hany dmitri, at the baule ot' the Nile :-" It was on tiie lOih November, 1813, when the French, driven from the Pyrenees into the valleys of southern France, were still disputing obstinately the last broken ground, scattered here and there with strong redoubts ; one redoubt still held out, although vigorously attacked by the light di vision, whose bravery was of no avail without scaling ladders, While the assailing regiment j was remaining under cover from the fire of the j redoubt, Sir Harry Smith was seen ascending j the opposite hill with a message from the main body. A rattling fire instantly opened from the redoubt, with him for its target. For a time the leaden storm played harmless, and the partial shelter of the mouth of the ravine was al most won, when down went the gallant horse. Anxiety became intense ; Smith was under it ''- as it rolled and plunged in agony, until at length he cleared himself at a bound, and turned to take what the rivetted spectators at first thought, a parting gaze at his old charger, j In another moment, however, he was oa one j knee unbuckling the girths, and the next saw ; him pursuing his course in the incipient triumph of cool self possession, rejoicing in " the good saddle that had carried him safe over." " Cambridge Advertser. A learned gentleman in Maine was accosted in the foilowingmanner byan illiterate preacher who despised education :-" Sir, you have been at college, I suppose ?" " Yes, sir," was the reply. "I am thankful," replied the latter, ; " that the Lord has opened my mouth without any learning." "A similar event," replied the former, "took place in Balaam's time, but such things are of rare occurrence at the pre sent day. HwHRiNGt-RS.-Two |MKN SHOT.-Seven roen made their escape from thc South Port station on ihc 21st December. A few days ago two constables, accompanied by two sawers, fell ia with them, when the bushrangers resisted. A fighs took place, and tn the nu-iee two ot the busbiangers were killen -oae btiuj; shot through the head. Wt h tve not been able o leata the full particulars.-"H.T. Ad*ertiset Tom Tburr.b's Secretary has furnished one of the Arnot kan papers with a statement of bis receipts in Europe, which are said to have atnouutei to one bundled and fifty thousand pounds. The mail from Pori land will arrive in future »t j Melbourne, at 8 o'clock, A.M.. on ¿ endays and ; Thursdays, leaving for Portland at 5 P.M.'oa the ; same ''ays; to arrive at Portland every Sunday and : Thursday, at 4 P.M., leaving Portland for Melbourne eve«y Monday and Fnday al 8 A.M. Tb* mail for Mount Gdirbier and Adelaide branches off from the Grange Post Office every Sunday, arriving at the Mount on Mon Uy evening, exchanging mails with the Adelaide Police, and returning to the G ra o .re in time to meet the mail for Meiuoun e.-" P. P Hera-d." CrmiosiTiES AT MORPETH.-Mr Craggs, of New. gate-strcrl, appears IOOO-Ñ-, a happ* *amily,having two doy« (the Is'« ot Siv ure-J)t a c«t, a rat, a : for, a ghost, and a large NVfo k iu¡k-y, living hap« ii p;lv io one «'3Ee. Hie S-JOIC ^etttieman is possessed ot a hunting watch that belonged to Prince Charles Sinti.--Newatll* Guardian. J 