LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. AUGUSTINE'S CHURCH, AT BALMAIN. On Monday morning, about eleven o'clock, a pretty numerous crowd were seen gathering on a conspicuous eminence at Balmain. Soon after the welcome report of the arrival of His Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, with his two Right Rev. Brethren the Bishop of Adelaide and the Bishop of Melbourne, caused each one hastily to prepare himself for the coming solemnity; a solemnity which few of the attending visitors ever had the happiness of witnessing. After having vested, accompanied by his assistant Bishops, together with the clergy and brethren of St. Mary's, His Grace began the service by a short explanatory discourse, in which he entered into a few brief details of the ceremonies usually per- formed on occasions like the present; shewing how each little obser- vance had its full meaning; how all creation before the coming of Christ groaned and yearned for liberty, and how the Church, by her ministers, has authority and power to liberate the inanimate creation from the slavery of Satan — by means of the word of God and prayer — that all the ceremonies they were about to witness were not mere empty pageant, or outward show. In conclusion he par- ticularly dwelt upon the necessity of building up a spiritual temple to the Holy Ghost in the heart — that as the stone when rescued from its former slavery by the word of God and prayer, was to be used in the erection of a material edifice, so it was the duty of each one to lay the foundation of a spiritual temple by sincere contrition, penance, and amendment of life. This short address being ended, after a few prayers of bene- diction, blessing of the cross, &c.;, the procession moved to the spot where the foundation stone was to be laid, amidst the chanting of Antiphons and Psalms. Then His Grace and attendant Bishops seated themselves near the foundation stone, and after the solemn chanting of the Litanies by two cantors, responded to by the brethren of the monastery, in imitation of the patriarch Jacob, they rose up and blessed the stone. The procession immediately after moved round the intended foundations, pausing at three different intervals, where the recitation of prayers succeeded to the chanting of psalms. These prayers were recited first in Latin by the Arch- bishop and afterwards in English by his Vicar General the Very Rev. Dr. Gregory. Being again arrived at the foundation stone, and the necessary ceremonies concluded; His Grace, seated between his two Right Rev. Brethren, with his pastoral staff in his hand, once more addressed the group that stood around. He commenced by congratulating them on the attention they had given to this interesting ceremony, adverting to the simplicity and devotion apparent throughout; also remarking that no doubt the same simplicity and devotion attended the conducting of the like cere- monies performed by St. Augustine and his companions on their first introduction of Christianity into Britain. Indeed, the interest excited among the little children present, was a source of great satisfaction to those who had their spiritual welfare so much at heart. The Archbishop concluded by exhorting his hearers to contribute largely and bountifully of their means towards the completion of what they had so well begun, having previously collected the sum of 100l. A generous collection was hereupon made, each one depositing his mite or his bounty on the stone itself. After the collection the Archbishop pronounced his solemn bene- diction, and the crowd gradually dispersed. The Brethren crossing the bay, returned to St. Mary's. His Grace and the Bishops of Adelaide and Melbourne taking the more circuitous route by land. The entire ceremony occupied about the space of two hours. 