THE AGRI-HORTI-CLIQUE-I AND MULTI-OTHER-I-CULT- TUKAL SOCIETY. Gentlemen — Being of opinion that all public bodies should be known by a very precise uefini tion of their objects, or transactions, I have takon the lihertv of bantisinn- anew the Sonipt.v which held a Show on Thursday last, and submit the above ns its more appropriate designation. ? Having been present at former Shows of the same body, and remarked the great falling off in them during the latter years (particularly the last three), I was anxious to observe whether the late improvement (?) in its management had been at tended by ;tny practically beneficial result, and ac cordingly took care to lie on the ground nt an early hour, after that designated in the advertisements as the latest for receiving articles for exhibition, but even then I found that the majority of exhibitors had not shown themselves, and finding the foul fiend ennui creeping around me, I was contented to stroll about and play the observer, inwardly cursing the unlucky star that had aroused my curiosity on he occasion. As my object in this letter is less to criticise the irrangemenls than the Society itself, I shall merely emark that at a considerable time after that indi cted for opening the doors to the public, and after sending many a shilling to the publicans' booths that would probably have been better expended at ihe poor's. box of the Committee, the magical ' Open Sesame' was pronounced, and along with the rest of the assembled visitors entered your humble ser» vant. Bnt, alas ! upon the very first cursory view he was about to exclaim aloud, with the ghost of Hamlet's father, ' Oh ! Heavens, what a falling off was there,' even from the very poor affair of last year. A scarcely half-filled table occupied the same space as the one which used formerly to be over crowded, as well as almost inapproachable, from the quantity of articles which surrounded it, and with one or two rare and pleasing exceptions, the circum-gy rating visitors might ** circuler lihrement' (as the French passports have it) around the same, and be justified in pronouncing the judgment ' all is barren.' I imagined and hoped that perhaps superiority of arrangement had produced or con tributed towards the palpably apparent deficiencies* but that I may not lay myself open to the imputa tion of being a jaundiced looker-on, I will just re quest you, Gentlemen, to accompany me in the spirit round the table, and take the following note of the articles as they lay upon it on this occasion, beginning at the head of the table : — Flowers, col lection of fruits, wine, fruits, vegetables, honey, leather, hortus siccus, tallov/, copper and lead ores, silk, pickles and preserves, butter, cheese, bacon, hams, melons, fruits, a pot of flowers, and three with growing vines, vinegar, and, at the bottom of the table, wheat and other grain, potatoes, and home-spun cloth. Now, gentlemen, if this sort of arrangement does not deserve the denomination of ' most admired confusion,' 1 must confess that I shall henceforth be at a loss to say what does. Now, as I have before remarked that I do not pro pose to criticise the exhibition, you will perhaps allow me to observe that I am confident every one who was present will allow jour Report to be not only a fair, but even a more favourable one than the thing deserved. Whilst endeavouring to kill the time which inter vened betweeu the advertised and the actual time of opening the doors, I was rather surprised to see many specimens of fruit exposed for sale by the growers most decidedly superior to that within the canvas walls ; and, being curious to know the reason why it was not exhibited, I made occasion to open a conversation with several of them, and met wit but one reply, viz., ' That so long as tbe Society remsined in the hands and under tbe controul of its present managers, they were determined neither to support it by their subscriptions nor exhibitions.' fhe general expression of such a feeling as this, ;oupled with the continued absence of many here lofore.exhibitors, clearly indicates that there is ' Something rotten in the state of Denmark,' and the sooner the pruning-knifc is freely employed to »et rid of the evil the better, unless, indeed, the idea of some parties well capable of forming a sound judgment on the matter be adopted, and the diseased growth be exterminated, root and branch. I am so fully impressed, Gentlemen, with the conviction that public societies for public purposes ire essentially beneficial, nay, almost absolutely necessary, to the progress and welfare of all colo nies, and more especially of one so young as our South Australia, that I should exceedingly ie#ret the destruction of the one in question, eould J not confidently entertain the hope, almost the assu rance, that more than one would arise out of its ruins, each of which would effect more practical' benefit, and produce greater results, in the course of two seasons, than the present one has done during the whole course of its existence. The material for them is here, and only requires to be taken in hand by judicious and practical men, who would think more of the important objects en trusted to them, than of their own dear persons, or of the cliques with which they may happen to be sur rounded, and thus produce institutions useful to their fellow-colonists, and fully competent to bear the test of fair criticism. As it is frequently and fairly objected to would-be reformers, that they readily propose plans of destruc tion, without offering any reasonable ones for the re construction of the edifice, I will, with your permis sion, submit a few suggestions which I trust will be found improvements on things as they are. In the first place let the Society get rid of its mul tiple character It is proverbial that the man who has too many irons in the fire is far more likely to burn his fingers than to prove successful in his un dertakings, and the steady or rather rapid declension in the Society's exhibitions must have fully satisfied those of its managers who reflect upon the subject, (if there are any such) that, like the Duke of Wel lington in his first Spanish campaigns, they were making ' great retrogade advances,' In the next place, let the managers of the Society, under whatever form it may in future exist, get rid of every shadow of cliquism. This has been at once the ** bane and antidote*' of every public institution hitherto attempted to be established in this colony. At the very commencement of our existence as a state, it might have been well, although very ques tionable, to attempt a selection of men, (though, Heaven knows ! there was little room enough for this purpose), but the endeavour to continue this most absurd practice, especially, as it is done, upon the principle of the breeehes pocket thermometer, is at once puerile and ludicrous, and can only be attended by the inevitable result of shutting out every man who has not the quantum suf. of the cabalistic £. s. d. from all participation in business of public utility, whatever may be the amount of his qualifications for he same mentally, morally, or by education; and :ertainly no one will be found hardy enough to deny hat many highly unqualified persons have found their pay into the management of exhibitions of the So- | fietv now under review by manv :i colonist. » Having thrown out these two suggestions as indis pensable preliminaries to the introduction of a better state of things, I will just venture a remark or two upon the last act of the serio-comico~ludicro-farce snacted on Thursday last. The number of exhibitors being, as brother Jonathan would say, ' awful small,' the number of prizes was, as a natural conse ^nence, proportionately large in number, and several were lucky enough to obtain more than one of them, but I must confess, Gentlemen, that to me at least, (he ludicrous was mixed with a painful feeling, at viewing the mammonolatrous avidity, with which the cash was received by more than one of the fortunate prizetakers. There was one, in particular, a tall and portly, personable man from the northern side of the Torrens, whose fingers appeared to be affected with a nervous twitching, every time he stretched forth his hand to receive the gold and silver, and who, too, seemed to know as well whtn his name would be called, as if he had been sitting in conclave with, the judges themselves. I was further somewhat astonished at only wit nessing one instance of the return of any port ion of the receipts to the secretary to be applied in further ance of tbe objects of the Society. But perhaps the other Gentlemen, acting; upon the principle of not letting their right hands know wnat the left ones are doing, have inwardly resolved to accomplish these acts of munificence, in humble silence and modest secrcsy, 'Doing good by stealth — and Blushing to find, it fame.' I am, however, of the old-fashioned opinion, that example is better than precept and that one public return of a prize or some portion of a prize, is more likely to be productive of real benefits to the Society, than many donations ifcade in secret by those praise, worthy colonists who ought to be better known, es pecially as, of late years, the public have not been made acquainted with any of the Society's proceed ings offically, through the medium of the public press. I could dilate m uch more upon this useful and un doubtedly importai it subject, and shall not hesitate to do so should I be called upon either by yourselves or any one of your numerous readers; but fearing that I have already trespassed too far both upon your columns and patience, I beg to subscribe myself, Gentlemen, Yours, truly, Feb. 14, 1848. Hortensis. We observe that our old favourite the Dorset, which has been so long and faithful as a trader between this place and Sydney, at id upon whose sailing qualities we have so often made comment, is to be sold by auction, by Mr J. B. Neales , at his Mart, at twelve o'clock this day; and we certainly hope that whoever may become her fortunate purchaser will retain her in the trale in which her deserving laurels have been won, We are happy to Learn that, in following up two of the lodes of rich silver-lead ores lately intersected in the Wheal Gawler Miae,the very promising prospects which they presented when, cut are now being realised ; fully confirming the highly favourable opinion previously en tertatned of the property in question by its persevering and spirited owners. On Monday morning last, as some men, who had been digging a well for Mr B. A. Stone, at the Pinery, were recommencing their work, and were proceeding to lower one of the party named James Allen, the windlass gave way, and he fell to the bottom, a depth of about thirty feet, with the windlass upon him. Every assis- tance was rendered, and the poor fellow was soon brought up, when it was discovered that, besides several very severe bruises, he had broken one of his legs. He was immediately brought to town, and medical aid sent for, and we understand he is likely to do well. Mr Alexander Malcolm's challenge, which appeared lately in our advertising columns, to run the Gift against anything in the colony, has been taken up oy Mr Shayle's Brenda, and the match is to come off on the Gawler Town Race-course , on the 12th April next, for £250, Town Plate weights and distances. The sporting world are ivon the qui vice about the race, which is to determine the question of our colonial pro duce against the hitherto successful Vandemonian. It is hinted amongst the knowing ones that the filly has everything in har favour, running upon a level course ; and as Brenda is a three-year old (sportingly), although she is nearly five, Gift will have to carry about three stone more than the filly. On Friday evening, as Mr and Mrs Lewis, accompa nied by Mrs T. C. Hray and child, were returning from the Bay, in a spring-cart, where the latter had been to visit a sick child, they perceived a cart coming towards them at a rapid pace, in which were several men in an advanced state of intoxication, and before they could move off the road, the shaft of the cart entered the chest of the horse driven by Mr Lewis with such force, that it died almost immediately. So great was the shock, that the whole were thrown out, but we are glad to say they escaped with only a few bruises. The adjourned general meeting of the South Austra lian Subscription Library took place on the evening of Monday last, at the rooms of the Institution ; his Honor the Judge (the President) being in the chair. The prin cipal object of the meeting was to hear the Committees 'Report as to the hdvisableness, or otherwise, in their opinion, of the proposed junction with the Mechanics' Institute. It appeared that the respective Committees of the two Societies had been in frequent communication with each other on the subject since the 4th ultimo, the date of the previous meetiug, and that the conditions which it had ultimately been mutually considered mijsht be recommended to each of their constituencies with thp probability of approval on both sides, as the basis of a permanent union, were to the following effect : — That there should be a complete amalgamation of the two Societies, under some new title to be agieed upon ; that the Mechanics' Institute should contribute, m books and money, an equivalent value to that of the present collection of books of the Subscription Library ; and that from the period of the junction, one-half of the en tire subscription to the united institutions should be ap piied to the purchase of books to increfise the library. Ou these main principles, the Committee reported that they would be prepared to recommend the union of the Societies, and Mr Mann (one of the Committee) entered into considerable details in supportof the expediency of adopting tbis measure. After some Jittle discussion, it was proposed by Mr Wotherspoon, and seconded by Dr. Everard, that the meeting sho»ld again adjourn, to allow the Committee ;\n opportunity of presenting a fuller and more formal report. An amendment was proposed by Mr Bonney, and seconded by Mr Forster, to the effect that the meeting approved of a junction with the Me chanics' Institute on the basis of the terms stated; and, upon being put to the vote, this amendment was carried by a decided majority. It was subsequently moved by Mr Mann, and seconded 'by Mr Peacock, that the Committee of the Subscription Library should arrange some definite terms w ith the Mechanics' Institute to be submitted for approva.1 to the general body of the mem bers of the Subscription Library, at an adjourned meet ing, to be held on Momiay the 6th March, at the same place and hour, viz., seven p.m. Another question, the discussion of which was also to have formed part of the business of the evening, viz., as to whether the annual rate of subscription to the Library should not be in creased from £1 Is to £3 2s, was, on the motion of Mr Edward Rowlands, secon ded by Mr Peacock, postponed until after the final decision of the subscribers on the question of amalgamating' with the Mechanic's Insti tute. 