I f HE ANNIVERSARY REGATTA. ?WEDNESDAY being 'the 60Ut Anniversary ot tue birth-clay of thc Colony,' was celebrated with all the usual festivities. We,: rather gnoss,' as the Yankees say,.that' if thc ghost of Captain Phillip were permitted to walk an that day, he must have beeti a little struck with tho appearance of the infant for whom he stood god-father. When in the year of our Lord 1789, he landed in Sydney Cove, his welcome was chattered by a tribe of naked blackfellows 'only, assisted it may be by the startled parrots and cockatoos, and tho friend- ly wink of Ute eye from some bid man kangaroo. But while Governor Phillip has past away, and his acts, the.Colony lie founded, and the city that lie built, are they not written in thc. chronicles -of the history of New South "Wales P " Time and the hour" have rolled along since then, and at threescore the Colony may be said to be emerging from its baby-hood... And a very pretty child it seemed to-bc on Wednesday last; all alive and kicking,-and no; mistake. When folks are about to mako holiday, we like ta see Hiern go about in pood earnest, and the people of Sydney sec to be much of oar opinion. It was quite clear the roost unpractised eye, after 9 o'clock on t eventful morn, that pleasure was the order the day ; that the ledger, thc counter, the har mer, the shop, were all cut till the sun of tl 27th of January should proclaim the age of Nt South Wales to be 60 years and a day. The f vourite national sport-the Regatta-render, the harbour of Port Jackson the theatre of actio and immediately after 9 o'clock the tide of eag spectators began to flow continuously to evei spot where a sight of the races could he obtainei The ships were all dressed out in their colour and the innumerable skiffs and boats of evei description careering over the waters gave a pii turesque beauty to the scene. As we liave.bcfoi said, the citizens of Sydney like pleasure, but tl fact is they have so little of it, they are so wraj up in b lying and selling, in speculating an filing schedules, in bargaining and discountin« Uiat they don't know how to enjoy it. The make a business of their very enjoyment. The cannot give way to mirth and festivity with thi abandon which gives pleasure its zest and gract fulness. There is too much starch in the men tal garb, which forbids the wearer to enjoy hitr self with case. Mamma puts on her black sat! gown, yellow shawl, and blue silk bonnet trim med with roses andliirds of paradise-Mary Ann and Fanny, her pretty daughters, in-robes t virgin white, pink silk stockings, primros gloves, and blue parasols : a tribe of cherubir and seraphim in slouched straw hats, and frock and trowscrs -that would shame the ballet, eac with half munched peaches tn their hands, satin ter along the banks of the harbour, having wha they in thc vividness of their imagination call delightful pic-nic. The portly gentleman in blu coat and brimstone waistcoat- too like prctt Fanny to ba any body but her papa-walk about with his hands in hts pockets looking on whenever his solicitude concerning a certaii basket hid in a shady nook will admit of it Ever and anon he meets with some creature o the same order, whom by courtesy he calls hi friend, and after a few minutes conversation generally in excuse of his frivolity, such as '* Ah ! I came out to give my old woman and tin gals a treat ¡" a certain telegraphic motion i: observable in their eyes, and immediately they an beside the basket and discussing the mysterious contents of a black case bottle. This continue: without interruption all day, for when the oh gentleman docs come out, he always determines to " make a day of it." The young men, too are no better- great big hobble-de- hoy fellows with cabbage-tree hals and short jackets, whos< sole notion of fun is pelting each other with rotten peaches, or yelling like young hyenas, We must say this is not to our taste at all. We hate such lack-o-daisical imitations of en- joyment. When we go out, we go out to be happy-to laugh nnd make others laugh-noni; of your straight-laced notions for tis. Hive us the unrestrained freedom of a good old English fair, where everything is taken in good part, and the slap in the face you get from the girl with the sparkling black eyes, is atoned for by the smile you got from the girl with the tender blue. Where the youngsters arc not too bash- ful, nor too rough to ask the girls to have a dance, and the girls (bless 'em) are not so stiff, nor so nonsensical as to refuse. We like a pretty face all the better for being under a pretty bon- net, but with thc outward and visible signs of holiday, give as the inward soul of it--mirth and good humour. This seemed strictly avoided on Wednesday. We saw a bit of a crowd at one point, and our party was attracted to it. We also started towards it-anil as wc approached, we heard the well-known sound-" You see I put Ute pea under that thimble." The adventurous "rigger." however, had made n bad speculation, n crowd nf gaping boys and serious looking girls, with graver mammas, stood watching the moves, but nobody would " face the pea." Filled with old associations we approached the table " We'll chance it," said wo, *' for the sake of .those pretty dark eyes that are smiling in thc corner." .* Shockin low wulgar feller." growled her mamma. Our luck was in, and we picked up j thc five bob. " Oh. ma, he's won," lisped the I dark eyes. " He's a prodígate designing wil lain," was the polite reply, " and I am mistaken if that poor young man at the table is'nt his wictim." "Here's at you again." shouted we, whilst Mary Anne and Fanny looked into each other's eyes, (for there's a spice of the devil in all those demure little damsels) with a glance ! which_ seemed to say, " what a dear, handsome, j rolicking, frolicking puss in boots it ¡3. Having ! refunded thc crown, we strolled on. but the same scenes met us everywhere, till sickened witli the namby-pamby monotony, wc, as our boy Jack expressively termed it - "cut our lucky." The day was very fine, and tho company very numerous. Cunningham gave an excellent spread at the Fort, the only place where people seemed at all to understand each other. As usual, tile ladies of Australia looked delight- fully, barring thc starch and whalebone, which, in pity to their natural amiability, we advised them to -lay aside : but a truce to preface-let us to the FIRST MATCH. Tea oms-TO nu IOVKK BY AMATEURS ONLY. To start from oft" Fort Macquarie, and proceed round tho boat ofT Goat Island, passing it on the south and rounding it oh the north side ; then round Pinchgut, passing it on thc north and rounding it on the south side, and back to the starting place;-Entrant*c fee £1 ls. Prize. £10 10s.. Red Rove.......Blue.Mr. Green 1 Pelter.Tricolor'.. . .Mr. Mackey . 2 Gazelle, (late Cupid)Dark blue..Mr. Cahill 3 At the given signal tho Red Rover shot ahead, and with apparent case maintained her position throughout the race. The crew of thc second boat, the Pelter, struggled manfully throughout the contest, and their pulling was much admired. Tho last boat, viz.. the Cupid,"though expressly imported from IlobartTown for this regatta., had no chance whatever. SECOND MATCH. TOR SKCONO CLASS YACHTS. To start from o(F Fort Macquarie, and proceed round thc boat oT Goat Istand, passing it on thc south and rounding it nn the north side ; then proceed round the Light Vessel and Sow and Pigs, passing them on the west and rounding on the east side, and back to the starting vessel. Entrance fee £2 23. ' Prize, £30. Second boat to receive back her Entrance. * Champion...Blue Peter.... .. ..Mr. Wood 1 Midge .....St.George's Cross.; Capt. Towns' 2 Friendship. .'.Whiti', red star.'.Mr. Green 3 Asp...White, blue cross.. Capt. Stanley^ Cobra -.,.{ ^^ } c»pt.Stan.cy.5 The favourite old Midge managed to clear herself from the warp'a few seconds in advance of her competitors, and kept her lead till they neared Ute flag- boat oft" Goat Island, when the Champion, having hauled her wind, crept gra- dually ahead of her, the Friendship occupying thc third place, and the twp men-of-war's secret service clippers driving everything before them. Having rounded the flag-boat; they now stood down harbour, and passing Fort Macquarie the sailing qualities of Underwood's build became apparent ; thc Champion, already twelve boats' length in advance; crawling rapidly away from her less crafty rivals. Tho Friendship, seem- ingly disinclined, to abandon thc Midge, kept close order from the parallel of the Urambie till they reached the light- ship, but as they rounded the floating-light ' close-hauled, the weatherly qualities of the Midge gave her an advantage. A scene, which says but little for Hie nautical skill of the coxswain uf Captain Stanley's boats, here occurred, which would almost induce us to believe the. gallant sailor had entrusted the gui- dance of "his yachts' to two of the marines instead of placing them under the control of those more intimately connected with the dangers of the seas, when tho stormy winds do blow. As the Cubra rounded the ship, we falsely cen ceived that the steerer purposed running «ia the Sow-and-Pigs-an intention which was f tunately prevented by the boat getting into iro and having stern way an her before again hoi paid off-tile same seaman-like conduct bei {«.rformed by the helmsman of the Asp, af laving made good his board from the light-sh Prom this point ttie Champion stood rou Bradley's ifesd, and ultimately passed the F several minutes before the others-Midge secoi -Friendship third-none others in sight of t Reporter's telescope. Some dissatisfaction has resulted in con: quence of a misunderstanding -between Capt: Jones and Mr. Thornton ; but as the matter one in which the public are perfectly disinti es ted, we abstain from those comments which ultimately found necessary, will in all probabil be severe. Coalition between parties tu depri the subscribers of sport is alike unworthy those who form it, and those who tamely si mit to its operation. THIRD MATCH, voa xicessBD WAIESHES POLLINO A TAIS SCULLS IM SKIFFS. Same course as match Ko. I.-Entrance: fire shillings. Eclipse ....Blue...George Mulhall 4 Strati.Green.John Brennan 2 Betsey.White.. ."J; Rice 3 Rainbow.Red..J. Mulhall 4 The race lay between Mulhall and Brenan,* others having been blank entrances-only, b from the dodging and repeated fouling that toi place, the merits of thc men could not be fair tested. After violent disputation and protest lion thc prize was awarded to Mulhall, Brun: having been disabled by getting a scull broke FOURTH MATCH. FOa FIRST-CLASS YACHTS. To start from off Fort Macquarie, proceedir round the boat off Goat Island, passing it on t1 south and rounding it on tito north side; th. round Shark Island, passing it on thc north at rounding it on the south side, back again rour the starting vessel, passing it on the south, ar rounding it on the north side, then procei round a boat moored off Big Manly Beach, i North Harbour, passing it on the west, ai rounding it on tho east'side, back to the startle vessel.-Entrance fee £3 3s. Prize, £50. Pearl.R»d.... ..Mr. Want Phantom.. Blue and white ball...Mr. Pike Champion..Blue Peter.Mr. Thornton Sylph.Blue Peter..Mr. Owen Bomerang.Blue....Mr. Donnelly As usual great interest centred in this even: Two new and powerful yachts had been alma purposely built for the occasion; and the minit ture Dock Yards of Messrs. Chowne and Kej jUolds came into glorious rivalry. The prc gramme of former years had invariably exclude vessels exceeding in burthen twenty-five ton but a chtnge has come o'er the spirit of tl dream. Powerful interest has been brought 1 bear, and by an unaccountable and magic eire! of events the liberal minded gentlemen formin the committee of management have exteude their liberality to the required amount. Oh the inestimable benefits of a caoutchouc cor science. Nest year we shall have frigates an line of battle ships cruizing round the harboui a lithographic plan of which is now on stom and in the corner of the broad sheet stands i proud relief the patronymic of that IXPLESIBL commander, Moriarty, whose survey of Goat Ia land will, we understand, be gratuitously adde to the plan. But to our more immediate business Mr. Want, an eminent attorney of this town, an the Vice-Commodore of a private Yacht Clut has recently had built a yacht of. about 50 tons of this club Mr. Robert Owen, another "pro pounder of the concentrated wisdom of al ages," is thc Commodore. Nobody know nothing of how this club is ruled ; but everybod; regard J it as a sort of Guy Fawkes affair-ai under ground, hole and corner association-: mock nautical school, where the acting verb run thus, " I want, thou wan test, he wants, we want ye or you want, they want;" and tho chorus o the class winds up in a vehement cheer of, " don' tliey wish they may get it." Well, when the 51 ton schooner came afloat, the restrictions o former years were, au coarse, inapplicable. Í meeting of the private club was convened, am at the suggestion of the dictator the barrier wa broken down. No regard was paid to other gen tlemon who, with the most scrupulous attentioi j to the standing orders had had basts of the re- quired tonnage built, Ute harlequins had de- scended, and with a heigh presto movement tin scene had changed. We blame no one, for wi know not at whose door the error lies ; but wi feel-Hie aquatic portion of the public feel that ni private sect, composed though that sect may bi of the most excellent and honorable amongst us should assume tathcmselves thc power of altering at discretion regulations which the public have approved of, and year after year sanctiond bj their liberality, without allowing that public t< have a share in their deliberations and conclu- sions. Thc race itself, though deprived of it1 most important feature through the bungling o the committee, is yet worthy of description. Thc yachts were drawn up at anchor at their various stations, and as the signal gun shot forth itt pleasing salvo, expectation was on the qui vive and thc Phantom slipped her spring cable,"anc instantly up went her peak, dawn went her tact and head sails, and in glorious majesty breasting the lofty surge, she stood towards the flag-boat, rounding it first, closely followed by the Pearl Sylph, and Champion, and Bomerang bringing up the rear. In this order, close-hauled, the) rounded Shark Island, maintaining their position till they re-passed lite. Uag-sliip off Fort Mac- quarie. The Phantom then steadily increased her distance till shut in from the view of tl» spectators at Fort Macquarie by Bradley's Head. The.Phantom rounded the Head about five mi- nutes in advance of. the Sylph and the Pearl-the Champion fourth-the Bomerang nowhere. The race now became most. interesting to all whe were convorsant with the sailing qualities of the respective bouts, the schooner (Pearl) being sup- posed to have a great superiority when sailing ofi a wind. She had, however, in this instance caught a Tartar, for the Phantom proved more than a match for. her in all points, till on hei arrival at Manly Beach, to the dismay of bet crew, they found (owing to some neglect) there was no boat moored for her to round. Perceiv- ing, however, a boat of some sort in the vicinity, and imagining it might bo intended for the stationed boat, she endeavoured to round it, but there not being sufficient water,'she got aground. The other hoat3, perceiving.her perilous situ- ation, prudently hauled their wind, and steered homeward. Of 'course the race was now ft an end, ns further competition could be productive of no .decisive result. Tho Champion, without any regard to her position in the race, claimed the prize,and her crew proceeded to the Bramble to demand it, when it was indignantly refused them. The decision of the committee with re- gard to this race was, on the motion of. Mr. \Vant-himself a competitor in the race-that it should be sailed again on the Queen's birth-day, -a decision wo cannot but regard as most un- just ; .as,.if the race is to be contested again at all, it should bc at once, whilst the different boats are in the same condition as when, they entered for the prize, and not after tinto has been given for any one to alter the rig of his.own boat to : enable her the better lo compete with some par- ticular antagonist, whose peculiar powers--she has discovered in this abortion of a racc.i . .FIFTH MATCH. . *:'. "FOB. SHIPS' BOATS POLLINO FOUR.- OARS, TO BIS MANNED BY CBEWS Fa Oil TUB .'VESSELS TO WHICH THE BOATS.BELONG. . .-. '. <\i Same course as match No. 1.-Entrance fee £1 ls. First Prize, ¿IO 10s. Second Prize, £5 5s. Bramble, Alice, White Ensign, Bramble... 1 Johnstone, Johnstone,'Blue, white, and blue, Capt. Harrison .............'...'...- 2 Bramble, Caroline, Union Jack, Bramble.... 3 St. George, St. George, St: George's Cross, ; Captain Jones .. ..v.-...".'V. ' 4 ' - At starting the Alice took the lead, which site maintained throughout the race. Whilst round- ing the boat otT Gnat Island the Caroline wai second, heading the Johnstone by nearly a boat's length ¡-then the latter-according to a prô&st; handed to the committee-fouled the Caroline, and unshipped her rudder. The race is also disputed by Captain Jones and Captain Harrison, on the ground that the Alice is not a ship's bait, but is the property of Captain Browne, the Water Police Magistrate-an assertion which, if proved true, we must say, reflects strongly on Captain Browne, considering the position he holds in the committee. The result of this race is left to the decision of the umpire. - - ~"J . -*.' -^ SIXTH MATCH. POR THIBD-CLASS YACHTS... To start from off Fort Macquarie and proceed round the boat off Goat Island, passing.it on Ins suuth and rounding it ou the north side, then round Shark Island, passing it on the north and rounding it on tho south side, and bick .to th« starting vessel. Entrance fee. £1 ls. - ? First prize, £15 15s. ; second prizo, £5 5J. Madge Wildfire. 1 Susan, Red and white. Mr. Hunter .,. 2 Virginia, Blue and white cross. Ti.. Anderson 3 Young Gem,St. George's Cross, Capt. Young, 0 Bright Planet, Blue with stars, Mr. Martin.. 0 Mystery,Blue and red, Mr. Gales..0 Little Johnston, Blue, white, and blue, Capt. Hindson. 0 Pirate' White, blue, and white, Mr. Wright I.'. 0 Maryjane, Blueand white.Mr. Henry v.... Ö Jenny Lind, Red, Capt. Harrison.., 0 ' The start of these boats presented a very pretty appearance. The Madge Wildfire was first away, closely followed by the Susan, who maintained a sharp contest with her throughout the rici*, but was unable to obtain the# lend-the erratic Madge coming in before the simple Susan ä few boals* lengths. The Virginia was dispbied tr try a tug for the second place with the Susan',", and passed the flag-ship close in her waka. ; .The other boats were all behind. The mee WM by/; no means a good one, the only interest being* between the three we have named. . SEVENTH MATCH. . V '. FOa WttAtúB BOATS, BEL0NGIN3 TO, MD.'rStWJ. BY, CREWS FROM T1IS WH ALBUS .l.V r.OAt, WITH. TUBS AND OSUAL LIMB. '. ( . ,'. .'.* To pull from the starting vessel round the' boat otF Goat Island, passing it ou thc south and. rounding it on thc northside, theil round Clark-* Island, passing it on the north and rounding it on the south side, and bick to the starting vessel. -Entrance fee, £ I ls. First prize, £15 15s. ; second prise, £3 5s. '. . Canmore, Can more. Blue, Mr. Cudlip ... .. .-1 Cheviot, Phillis Sarah, Green, Mr. .Mansfield 2 Canmore, Canmore, Red, Mr. Cudlip..... .. . 3 ^ Juno, Juno, Blue and white, Mr. Divls .... 9 Edward, Edward, Red and white, Lewis Truscott............i.'. 0 The "Whaleboat race is always a favourite with the great mass of spectators at a regatta. Apart' from Ute local interest excited by the pursuit with which it is associated, it is' more easily, uti-, derstood. The exertions, skill, and .strength brought to the contest are better appreciated than the intricate manoeuvres of the/sailing boats. On the present occasion a more than ordinary share of excitement prevailed-two boats belong- ing to Sydney whalers contesting the prize with, one from a Hobart Town vessel and two belong- ing to the Stars and Stripes. The Cheviot took the lead, but when passing Goat Island the Can more (blue) overhauled her, and succeeded in keeping her place in the van .throughout the race, although severely pressed by the Cheviot, who arrived at the flag-ship almost at the same moment. The prize for this race is claimed by the Cheviot, on th« ground that the Canmore was pulled by shore hands. The Juno and Ed- ward were nowhere in this race. EIGHTH MATCH. VOR A GIO AND DI.SOY. The Gig not under, twenty feet-tho race to be decided in twenty minutes. The min in the dingy must be caught by the bow man in the gig. . Entrance fee, 5s. Dodger....(Dingy)....Mr. D.ivis Tom Thumb .. (Gig) .... Mr. Green Jenny Fidget's Dingy ..Mr. A. Green . Tora Thumb.. (Gig) ....Mr. Green These races, though somewhat ridiculous In their character, always afford much amusement to the throng, ashore and afloat. On the present occasion the first race was well contested, the various dodgings of the dingy from tho superior: powers of his antagonist being at once laughable and ingenious ; but at last the gig proved too much, and shortly before thc allotted time Mr. Green captured his prey and claimed his prize.. ' The second race was a dull one, and .seemed to- us to be hardly contested at all. The races we cannot say were equal to the usual anniversary sports, and were, on the whole,, unsatisfactory, although they seemed to alford much amusement to the crowds of spectators. They were attended by one very satisfactory result-no accident of any consequence having taken place throughout the day. 