REVIEW. JOURNAL of an Overland Expedition in Aus- tralia, from Moreton Bay to Port Essington, a distance of upwards of 3000 miles, during the years 1844—1845. By DR. LUDWIG LEICHHARDT. Die Gotter brauchen manchen guten Mann Zu ihrem Dienst auf dieser weiten Erde. GEOTHE. London : T. and W. Boone, 1847. p.p. xx. 544. Accompanied by a magnificent map by Ar- rowsmith (a portion of the new map of Aus- tralia by that geographer), in which every de- tail is minutely and delicately, but distinctly marked ; with a tracing of Sir T. Mitchell's lately explored rivers, and the position of Cooper's Creek and a few other of Sturt's dis- coveries laid down, for the sake of com- parison, this extremely interesting volume lays before the colonists of New South Wales, to whom it is dedicated, the particulars of those laborious exertions, dangers, and priva- tions, which were but briefly alluded to in the lectures and statement of the author on a former occasion ; and whilst it recounts in simple and modest language the adventures and difficulties of the gallant leader and his faithful companions, it exhibits most forcibly the truth of the words which the Editor has adopted for his motto, showing clearly, as we may express it, how the gods have employed so good a man for their own service in this broad land. Many persons may suppose that after all that has been said of Dr. Leichhardt's expedi- tion, but little could remain for a separate pub- lication. Such will not be disappointed if they carefully peruse this narrative, for they will by it be let into what may be called the domestic history of the journey ; and will learn a moral lesson, as well as receive mental instruction, in following the little band throughout their perilous and adventurous course. It is impossible to form too high an opinon of Leichhardt after closing the volume ; for though it may seem anything but agreeable to read of such sumptuous fare as "emu bones," " dried beef," " liquid fat," "horse flesh," "iguanas and flying foxes," — and though there be some who may think that person not very delicate who could relish such dainties — yet, be it remembered, this was done and endured in the service of the colony, and under the influence of a moral courage and self-sacrificing determination which have been too often wanting in those who have aspired to more brilliant enterprises. The spirit in which this most extraordinary expedition was conceived and undertaken is thus modestly described, and it is only a debt of justice to Leichhardt to place it prominently before the public, for he has been accused of snatching the laurels from him to whom alone they legitimately belonged. On my return to Moreton Bay, from an exploratory journey in the country northward of that district, which had occupied me for two years, I found that the subject of an overland expedition to Port Essington on the North Coast of Australia, was occupying much attention, as well on the part of the public as on that of the Legislative Council, which had earnestly recom- mended the appropriation of a sum of money to the amount of £1000, for the equipment of an expedi- tion under Sir Thomas Mitchell, to accomplish this highly interesting object. Some delay was, how- ever, caused by the necessity of communicating with the Secretary of State for the Colonies ; and in the mean time it was understood that Captain Sturt was preparing to start from Adelaide to proceed across the continent. From the experience which I had gained during my two years journeyings, both in surmount- ing the difficulties of travelling through a broken mountainous country, and in enduring privations of every sort, I was inspired with the desire of attempting it, provided I could be assisted in the expense that would necessarily be incurred for the outfit, and could find a few companions who would be contented with animal food, and willingly and patiently submit to the privation of flour, tea, and sugar, and resign themselves to my guidance. I had well considered this interesting subject in all its bearings, and had discussed it with many of my ac- quaintances at Brisbane and its neighbouring district ; who were generally of opinion that it was practicable, under the plan I had marked out ; but with others, particularly at Sydney, I had to contend against a strong but kindly meant opposition to my journey. Some, who took more than a common interest in my pursuits, regretted that I should leave so promising a field of research as that which offered itself within the limits of New South Wales, and in which they consi- dered I had laboured with some success during the last two years. Others considered the uudertaking ex- ceedingly dangerous, and even the conception of it madness on my part ; and the consequence of a blind enthusiasm, nourished either by a deep devotion to science, or by an unreasonable craving for fame : whilst others did not feel themselves justified in assisting a man who they considered was setting out with an in- tention of committing suicide. I was not, how- ever, blind as to the difficulties of the journey which I was determined to undertake ; on the contrary, and I hope my readers will believe me to be sincere, I thought they would be many and great —greater in- deed than they eventually proved to be ; but, during my recent excursions through the squatting districts, I had so accustomed myself to a comparatively wild life, and had so closely observed the habits of the abo- rigines, that I felt assured that the only real difficul- ties which I could meet with would be of a local cha- racter. And I was satisfied that, by cautiously pro- ceeding, and always reconnoitering in advance or on either side of our course, I should be able to conduct my party through a grassy and well watered route ; and, if I were so fortunate as to effect this, I felt as- sured that the journey, once commenced, would be finished only by our arrival at Port Essington. Buoyed up by this feeling, and by confidence in myself, I pre- vailed against the solicitations and arguments of my friends, and commenced my preparations, which, so far as my own slender means and the contributions of kind friends allowed, were rather hurriedly completed by the 13th August, 1844. A journey thus undertaken, its difficulties having been well weighed before hand, and the mind fully resolved to encounter them, could not, so far as human endeavours are concerned, be otherwise than successful. In the introduction, from which the fore- going extract is taken, after enumerating his provisions, the author says, " We were well provided for seven months, which I was san- guine enough to think would be a sufficient time for our journey." The result proved that our calculations, as to the provisions, were very nearly correct ; for even our flour, much of which was destroyed by accident, lasted to the end of May, the eighth mouth of our journey ; but as to the time it occupied, we were very much de-ceived. Our riding-saddles and pack-saddles were made of good materials, but they were not fitted to the horses' backs, which caused a constant inconvenience, and which would not have happened had my means allowed me to go to a greater expense. So long as we had spare horses, to allow those with sore backs to recover, we did not suffer by it ; but when we were compelled to ride the same horses without intermission, it exposed us to great misery and even danger, as well as the risk of losing our provisions and stores. Our pack-saddles had consequently to be altered to the dimensions of the bul- locks ; and, having to use the new ones for breaking in, they were much injured, even before we left Mr. Campbell's to commence our journey. The statements of what a bullock was able to carry were very contra- dictory ; but in putting 250 lbs. upon them the animals were overloaded ; and my experience has since shown me that they cannot, continually day after day, carry more than 150 lbs. for any distance. The difficulties which we met with for the first three weeks, were in- deed very tryng ; — the loading of bullocks and horses took generally two hours ; and the slightest accident, or the cargo getting loose during the day's journey, frequently caused the bullocks to upset their loads and break the straps, and gave us great trouble even in catching them again : — at night, too, if we gave them the slightest chance, they would invariably stray back to the previous camp ; and we had frequently to wait until noon before Charley and Brown, who generally performed the office of herdsman in turns, recovered the ramblers. The consequences were that we could proceed only very slowly, and that, for several months, we had to keep a careful watch upon them throughout the night. In noticing this work our intention is not to make an analysis of it. The book in a cer- tain sense is a national one, and belongs to the colony, and ought to be in the hands of all the subscribers to the expedition ; and it is not our wish to prevent the satisfaction which they will receive from its perusal by depriving them of it before hand. Our object will be to notice some points of prominent interest. Such are the author's constant elucidation of the laws of the climate as presented during the different stages of the journey ; his mention of the various fruits and plants which diversi- fied his route ; the relationship of the vege- table and animal world, and the geolological phenomena which presented themselves, of all which his previous studies had made him an accomplished observer. To those who look deeper into the subject, there cannot fail to occur very numerous proofs of the capacity of the author for the work of an explorer ; such as his judgment in local dif- ficulties ; his calm quiet perseverance, the re- sult of a peculiar singleness of purpose and will ; and his high moral principles and feel- ings, which enabled him to contend resolutely and to overcome in a struggle with almost over- whelming circumstances. The style of the narrative is very pleasing. There is no attempt at fine- writing, but there are chasteness and perspicuousness which are not lost in the foreign language in which the work is composed, but which are assuredly not due to the hand of a corrector, for his was a work of a different kind to that of remodel- ling and recasting the narrative. Some of the pictures which are sketched in this journal are perfect in their way, and present no doubt a correct view of the scene and subjects dis- cussed. We take the following extracts as examples. October 7. — In following the chain of lagoons to the westward, we came, after a few miles travelling, to the Condamine, which flows to the north-west ; it has a broad, very irregular bed, and was, at the time, well provided with water — a sluggish stream, of a yellowish muddy colour, occasionally accompanied by reeds. We passed several gullies and a creek from the northward, slightly running. The forest on the right side of the river was tole- rably open, though patches of myal scrub several times exposed us to great inconvenience ; the left bank of the Condamine, as much as we could see of it, was a fine well grassed open forest. Conglo- merate and sandstone cropped out in several sec- tions. Mosquitoes and sandflies were very trouble- some. I found a species of snail nearly resembling Succinea, in the fissures of the bark of the myal, on the box, and in the moist grass. The muscle-shells are of immense size. The well- known tracks of Blackfellows are everywhere visible ; such as trees re- cently stripped of their bark, the swellings of the apple-tree cut off to make vessels for carrying water, honey cut out, and fresh steps cut in the trees to climb for opossums. Our latitude was 26.49. The thermometer was 41½ at sunrise ; but in the shade, be- tween twelve and two o'clock, it stood at 80°, and the heat was very great, though a gentle breeze and pass- ing clouds mitigated the power of the scorching sun. October 8. — During the night we had a tremendous thunder-storm, with much thunder and lightning from the west. The river was very winding, so that we did not advance more than seven or eight miles W.N.W. ; the bricklow scrub compelled us frequently to travel upon the flood-bed of the river. Fine grassy forest- land intervened between the bricklow and myal scrubs ; the latter is always more open than the former, and the soil is of a rich black concretionary character. The soil of the bricklow scrub is a stiff clay, washed out by the rains into shallow holes, well known by the squatters under the name of melon- holes ; the composing rock of the low ridges was a clayey sandstone (Psammite). Sky cloudy ; wind north- east ; thermometer 80° at two o'clock ; the sunshine plant (mimosa terminalis) was frequent on the black soil ; a Swainsonia ; an Authericum, with allium leaf and fine large yellow blossoms ; and another species with small blossoms (Stypandra). October 10. — Cloudy ; wind northerly ; thermometer at 2h. 30. P.M. 88. At about 1½ or 2 miles distance, in a north-west direction from our last camp, we came to a fine running creek from the north-east, which we easily crossed ; and, at about one mile farther, reached a creek — which, at this time of the year, is a chain of lagoons — lined on both sides by brick- low scrub, which occupied a portion of its limited flats in little points and detached groves. This vale was one of the most picturesque spots we had yet seen. An ironbark tree, with greyish fissured bark and pale-green foliage, grows here, and Sterculia hetero phylla is pretty frequent amongst the box and flooded- gum, on the rising ground between the two creeks. Further on, the country opened, the scrubs receded ; ironbark ridges here and there, with spotted gum, with dogwood (Jacksonia) on a sandy soil, covered with flint pebbles, diversified the sameness. The grass was beau- tiful, but the tufts distant ; the ironbark forest was sometimes interspersed with clusters of acacias ; sometimes the ironbark trees were small and formed thickets. Towards the end of the stage, the coun- try became again entirely flat, without any indica- tion of drainage, and we were in manifest danger of being without water. At last, a solitary lagoon was discovered, about thirty yards in diameter, of little depth, but with one large flooded gum-tree, marked, by a piece of bark stripped off, as the former resting- place of a native; the forest oak is abundant. Here I first met with Hakea loraa, R. Br., with long terete drooping leaves, every leaf one and a-half to two feet long — a small tree 18-24' high — and with Grevillea mimosoides, R. Br., also a small tree, with very long riband-like leaves of a silvery grey. We did not see any kangaroos, but got a kangaroo rat and a bandi- coot. Our horses go right into the scrub, to get rid of the little flies, which torment them. The weather is very fair : the regular westerly breeze, during the day, is setting in again : the dew is very abundant during clear nights : the morning very cold ; the water of the lagoon 8° to 10° warmer than the air. Mr. Gilbert brought me a piece of coal from the crossing place of the creek of the 10th October. It belongs probably to the same layer which is found at Flagstone Creek, on Mr. Leslie's station, on Darling Downs. We find coal at the eastern side of the coast range, from Illawarra up to Wide Bay, with sandstone ; and it seems that it likewise extends to the westward of the coast range, being found, to my knowledge, at Liverpool Plains, at Darling Downs, and at Charley's Creek, of the 10th October. It is here, as well as at the east side, connected with standstone. November 21 furnishes a passage which might be appended with some advantage to the next edition of Kitchener. Until very lately we had all suffered severely from diairhoea, which I could not account for, otherwise than by attributing it to our change of diet. Fresh meat had almost invariably affected us ; but after a time our continued exposure to the air, the regularity of our movements, and constant state of exertion, ren- dered us more hardy, and sharpened our appetites. Iguanas, opossums, and birds of all kinds, had for some time past been most gladly consigned to our stewing- pot, neither good, bad, nor indifferent being rejected. The dried kangaroo meat, one of our luxuries, differed very little in flavour from the dried beef, and both, after long stewing, afforded us an excellent broth, to which we generally added a little flour. It is remark- able how soon man becomes indifferent to the niceties of food ; and, when all the artificial wants of society have dropped off, the bare necessities of life form the only object of his desires. One of our bullocks had torn one of the flour- bags, and about fifteen pounds of flour were scat- tered over the ground. We all set to work to scrape as much of it up as we could, using the dry gum leaves as spoons to collect it ; and, when it got too dirty to mix again with our flour, rather than leave so much behind, we collected about six pounds of it well mixed with dried leaves and dust, and of this we made a porridge, — a mess which, with the addition of some gelatine, every one of us enjoyed highly. Then follows a very epitome of natural his- tory. No new insects, few new birds, and but few plants, attracted our attention. Mr. Gilbert's parrot, which he first met with on the downs, was very frequent ; the glucking bird and the barking-owl were heard through- out the moonlight nights. Several native dogs were killed, and their howling was frequently heard. Only one kangaroo had been shot since we left the Dawson, although their tracks were met with every where. Charley had taken several opossums ; the presence of these animals generally indicates a good country. Quails were abundant, but not worth our powder ; flocks of spur-winged plovers were living at the lakes and swamps, and a shy hornbill (Scythrops) was seen and heard several times. The nests of the white ant were rarely seen ; but the soldier ant, and the whole host of the others, were everywhere. The funnel ant digs a perpendicular hole in the ground, and surrounds the opening with an elevated wall sloping outwards like a funnel ; the presence of this insect generally in- dicates a rotten soil, into which horses and cattle sink beyond their fetlocks. This soil is, however, by no means a pure sand, but is well mixed with particles of clay, which allow the ant to construct its fabric. In rainy weather the soil forms the best travelling ground, and is by no means so rotten as when dry. Large hornets of a bright yellow colour, with some black marks, made their paper nests on the stems of trees, or suspended them from the dry branches ; most of us were several times severely stung by them. When found near our encampment we generally de- stroyed them, by quickly raising a large fire with dry grass. A species of Gristes was abundant in the water- holes, but it was of small size : the eels have disap- peared. The locality was 25-28-12. "White's Sel- bourne contains not a more instructive narra- tive. The interests of the squatters were not lost in the admiration of nature, as may be here seen. Our admiration of the valley increased at every step. The whole system of creeks and glens which join " Ruined Castle Creek," would form a most excellent cattle station. With the exception of the narrow gorge through which the main creek passes to join the Creek of Palms to the south-east, which might be shut by a fence not thirty yards long ; and of the passable ranges to the north-west, which lead into a new coun- try, and which form the pass seen by Roper and Murphy, it is everywhere surrounded by impassable barriers. Beautiful grass, plenty of water in the lower part of the creek, and useful timber, unite to recom- mend this locality for such a purpose. The creeks to the east and south-east are also equally adapted for cattle stations. After passing a stony ridge covered with spotted-gum, from which the remarkable features of the country around us — the flat-topped mountain wall, the isolated pillars, the immense heaps of ruins towering over the summits of the mountains — were visible, we descended a slope of silver-leaved ironbark, and came to a chain of water-holes falling to the east. Travelling in a north-westerly direction, and passing over an openly timbered country, for about two miles, we came to the division of the waters, on a slight ridge which seemed to connect two rather isolated ranges. At Brown's Lagoons, 18th December, a bul- lock was killed. The fine lagoons — which I called " Brown's La- goons" alter their discoverer — and the good feed about them, induced me to stop for the purpose of killing the fat bullock which Mr. Isaacs had given us, and of dry- ing it like the charqui of the South Americans ; instead of waiting till Christmas, as we originally intended ; especially as we were ignorant of the character of the country before us. Accordingly, on the 18th at five o'clock in the morning, it was slaughtered and cut into thin slices ; which, before night, were nearly dried by the powerful heat of an almost vertical sun. We enjoyed ourselves very much on this occasion, and feasted luxuriously on fried liver at breakfast, on stuffed heart for luncheon, and on a fine steak and the kidneys for supper. Those who may have lived for so long a time as we had upon a reduced fare, will readily understand with what epicurean de- light these meals were discussed. December 19. — We completed our job, by melting down the fat, with which our saddles, bridles, and all our leather gear, were well greased. On 29th December, they had a hot wind from the south-west ocross the Albinia Downs, which Leichhardt thinks are sufficintly exten- sive to account for the temperature. But as south-west is in the direct line for the desert, and Captain Sturt at this very time had his thermometer standing at from 99° to 112° in the shade, and as on the 1st January, 1845, the " heat was so intolerable," that the men had the upper leather of their shoes burnt as if by fire — and " the dogs lost all the skin off the soles of their feet;" it is not improbable the hot wind expe- rienced by Leichhardt had its origin further than he supposed. South-west and south- south-west seem to be the directions in which hot and dry winds radiate to the country be- tween 21° and 24° lat. The distance to Sturt's position was about 500 miles, which a hot wind would traverse in a few hours. Dr. Leichhardt mentions the course pursued by thunder-storms, which always appears to be from left to right as it in in this part of the colony, and gives some striking instances. Rain fre- quently attended them, and although they had sometimes to contend with drought, they were never more than fifty hours at a time without water. The winds were regularly noticed, and some remarkable facts respecting the setting in of the sea wind at particular hours are given. The probability is, that the sea wind on the east coast is either the deflected trade wind, or con- nected with the trye trade wind ; and the fact of its setting in at eight at night along the Mackenzie ranges is paralleled by what occurs on the Liverpool Ranges, where, during the same month of January, the sea breeze sets in between eight and nine at night. On the 19th January, Dr. Leichhardt lost his way in the bush, and endured much privation. He describes his condition in this wise :— The density of the scrub, which covered an almost entirely level country, prevented our seeing farther than a few yards before us, so that we passed our land- mark, and, when night approached, and the country became more open, we found ourselves in a part of the country totally unknown to us. At the outside of the scrub, however, we were cheered by the sight of some large lagoons, on whose muddy banks there were nu- merous tracts of emus and kangaroos. In a recently deserted camp of the aborigines, we found an eatable root, like the large tubers of dahlia, which we greedily devoured, our appetite being wonderfully quickened by long abstinence and exercise. Brown fortunately shot two pigeons ; and whilst we were discussing our welcome repast, an emu, probably on his way to drink, approached the lagoon, but halted when it got sight of us, then walked slowly about, scrutinizing us with suspicious looks, and, when Brown attempted to get near it, trotted off to a short distance, and stopped again, and continued to play this tantalising trick until we were tired ; when, mounting our horses, we proceeded on our way. Supposing, from the direction of the waters, that we had left our former tracks to the left, I turned to the north east to recover them ; but it soon became very dark, and a tremendous thunder-storm came down upon us. We were then on a high box tree ridge, in view of a thick scrub ; we hobbled our horses, and covered ourselves with our blankets ; but the storm was so violent, that we were thoroughly drenched. As no water-holes were near us, we caught the water that ran from our blankets ; and, as we were unable to re- kindle our fire, which had been extinguished by the the rain, we stretched our blankets over some sticks to form a tent, and notwithstanding our wet and hungry con- dition, our heads sank wearily on the saddles — our usual bush pillow, and we slept soundly till morning dawned. We now succeeded in making a fire, so that we had a pot of tea and a pigeon between us. After this scanty breakfast, we continued our course to the north- east. Brown thought himself lost, got disheartened, grumbled and became exceedingly annoying to me ; but I could not help feeling for him, as he complained of severe pain in his legs. We now entered extensive ironbark flats, which probably belong to the valley of the Mackenzie. Giving our position every considera- tion, I determined upon returning to the mountains at which we had turned, and took a north-west course. The country was again most wretched, and at night we almost dropped from our saddles with fatigue. Another pigeon was divided between us, but our tea was gone. Oppressed by hunger, I swallowed the bones and the feet of the pigeon ; to allay the cravings of my stomach. A sleeping lizard with a blunt tail and knobby scales, fell into our hands, and was of course roasted and greedily eaten. Brown now com- plained of increased pain in his feet, and lost all cou- rage. "We are lost, we are lost," was all he could say. All my words and assurances, all my telling him that we might be starved for a day or two, but that we should most certainly find our party again, could not do more than appease his anxiety fora few moments. The next morning, the 21st, we proceeded, but kept a little more to the westward, and crossed a fine openly timbered country ; but all the creeks went either to the east or to the north. At last, after a ride of about four miles, Brown recognised the place where we had breakfasted on the 19th, when all his gloom and anxiety disappeared at once. I then returned on my south-east course, and arrived at the camp about one o'clock in the afternoon ; my long absence having caused the greatest anxiety amongst my companions. Some striking instances of the prevalence of the drought in the beginning of 1845, are inci- dentally given. On the 28th January for ex- ample, the travellers were in a distressing situation for want of water. The creeks flow- ing from Peak Range were all dry. H.M.S. Fly found drought also along the coast, so that we have now evidence to show that the last drought was not local but universal, over the whole country from Bass's Strait to Broad Sound, and over ten or twelve degrees of lon- gitude. Amongst other difficulties Dr. Leichhardt had to contend with was the disagreement and misconduct of his blackfellows, who, according to the portraits drawn by Rhodius, were rather formidable in their way. On the 19th February, immediately after breakfast, whilst we were busily employed in greasing our sad- dles and straps — a very necessary operation on a jour- ney like ours, where every thing is exposed to the dust, and a scorning sun — Charley left the camp, and did not return before the afternoon. He had frequently acted thus of late ; and it was one of the standing complaints against him, that he was opossum and honey hunting, whilst we were kept waiting for our horses and cattle. As I was determined not to suffer this, after his late misbehaviour, I reprimanddd him, and told him that I would not allow him any food, should he again be guilty of such conduct. Upon this, he burst out into the violent and abusive language, and threatened " to stop my jaw," as he expressed him- self. Finding it, therefore, necessary to exercise my authority, I approached him to shew him out of the camp, when the fellow gave me a violent blow on the face, which severely injured me, dis- placing two of my lower teeth ; upon which my companions interfered, and manifested a determi- nation to support me, in case he should refuse to quit us ; which I compelled him to do. When he was going away, Brown told him in a very consoling man- ner, that he would come by and bye and sleep with him. I was, however, determined that no one in the camp should have any communication with him ; and there- fore told Brown, that he had either to stop with me en- tirely, or with Charley, He answered that he could not quarrel with him ; that he would sleep with him, but return every morning ; and, when I replied that, in such a case, he should never return, he said that he would stop altogether with Charley, and walked off. If I had punished these fellows for their late miscon- duct, I should have had no occasion for doing so now ; but full of their own importance, they interpreted my forbearance, by fancying that I could not proceed without them. February 22. — At night, on my return, I had to pass Charley's camp, which was about one hundred yards from ours. He called after me, and when I stopped, he came up to me, and began to plead his cause and beg my pardon ; he excused his sulkiness and his bad be- haviour by his temperament and some misunder- standing ; and tried to look most miserable and wretched, in order to excite my compassion. My com- panions had seen him sitting alone under his tree, during almost the whole day, beating his bommerangs, which he had received from the natives. I pitied him, and, after some consultation with my com- panions, allowed lum to rejoin us ; but upon the con- dition that he should give up his tomahawk, to which he most joyfully consented, and promised for the future to do everything I should require. His spirit was evidently broken, and I should probably never had to complain of him again, had no other agent acted upon him. These facts are mentioned to show the for- bearance of Dr. Leichhardt. The following extract illustrates something further of the characters of the blackfellows who accompanied the expedition, and also satisfies the curiosity which has been fre- quently expressed respecting the manner in which the party passed their day. Our two black companions, who until now had been like brothers — entertaining each other by the relation of their adventures, to a late hour of the night ; sing- ing, chatting, laughing, and almost crying together ; making common cause against me ; Brown even fol- lowing Charley into his banishment — quarrelled yester- day, about a mere trifle, so violently that it will be some time before they become friends again. When Mr. Calvert and Brown returned yesterday to the camp, they remarked that they had not seen the waterfall, of which Charley had spoken whilst at our last camp ; upon which Charley insinuated that they had not seen it, because they had galloped their horses past it. This accusation of galloping their horses irritated Brown, who was very fond and proud of his horse ; and a serious quarrel of a rathur ridiculous character en- sued. Keeping myself entirely neutral, I soon found that I derived the greatest advantage from their ani- mosity to each other, as each tried to outdo the other in readiness to serve me. To-day, Charley, who was usually the last to rise in the morning, roused even me, and brought the horses before our breakfast was ready. Brown's fondness for spinning a yarn will soon, however, induce him to put an end to this feud with his companion and countryman. In the early part of our journey, one or other of our party kept a regular night-watch, as well to guard us from any attack of the natives, as to look after our bullocks ; but, latterly, this prudential measure, or rather its regularity, has been much neglected. Mr. Roper's watch was handed from one to another in alphabetical rotation at given intervals, but no one thought of ac- tually watching ; it was, in fact, considered to be a mere matter of form. I did not check this, because there was nothing apparently to apprehend from the natives, who always evinced terror in meeting us : and all our communications with them have been accidental and never sought by them. On that point, therefore, I was not apprehensive ; and, as to the bullocks, they were now accustomed to feed at large, and we seldom had any difficulty in recovering them in the morning. I shall here particularise the routine of one of our days, which will serve as an example of all the rest. I usually rise when I hear the merry laugh of the laugh- ing-jackass (Dacelo gigantes), which from its regu- larity has not been unaptly named the settler's clock ; a loud cooeo then roused my companions, — Brown to make tea, Mr. Calvert to season the stew with salt and marjoram, and myself and the others to wash, and to prepare our breakfast, which, for the party, consists of two pounds and a half of meat, stewed over night ; and to each a quart pot of tea. Mr. Calvert then gives to each his portion, and, by the time this important duty is performed, Charley generally arrives with the horses, which are then prepared for their day's duty. After breakfast, Charley goes with John Murphy to fetch the bullocks, which are generally brought in a little after seven o'clock A.M. The work of loading follows, but this requires very little time now, our stock being much reduced ; and, at about a quarter to eight we move on, and continue travelling four hours, and, if possible, select a spot for our camp. The Burdekin which has befriended us so much by its direct course and constant stream, already for more than two degrees of latitude and two of longitude, has not always fur- nished us with the most convenient camps for procuring water. The banks generally formed steep slopes de- scending into a line of hollows parallel to the river, and thickly covered with a high stiff grass ; and then another steep bank covered with a thicket of drooping tea-trees, rose at the water's edge ; and if the descent into the bed of the river was more easy, the stream frequently was at the oppo- site side, and we had to walk several hundred yards over a broad sheet of loose sand, which filled our mocassins, when going to wash. At present, the river is narrower, and I have chosen my camp twice on its dry sandy bed, under the shade of Casuarinas and Melaleucas, the stream being there comparatively easy of access, and not ten yards off. Many unpleasant re marks had been made by my companions at my choice of camping places, but, although I suffered as much inconvenience as they did, I bore it cheerfully, feeling thankful to Providence for the pure stream of water with which we were supplied every night. I had natu- rally a great antipathy against comtort-hunting and gourmandizing, particularly on an expedition like ours ; on which we started with the full expectation of suffer- ing much privation, but which an Almighty Protector had not only allowed us to escapo hitherto, but had even supplied us frequently with an abundance — in proof of which we all got stronger and improved in health, although the continued riding had rather weak- ened our legs. The antipathy I expressed, often per- haps too harshly, which caused discontent ; but on these occasions, my patience was sorely tried. I may, how- ever, complete the picture of the day : as soon as the camp is pitched, and the horses and bullocks unloaded, we have all our allotted duties ; to make the fire falls to my share ; Brown's duty is to fetch water for tea ; and Mr. Calvert weighs out a pound and a half of flour for a fat cake, which is enjoyed more than any other meal ; the large teapot being empty, Mr. Calvert weighs out two and a half pounds of dry meat to be stewed for our late dinner ; and, during the afternoon, every one follows his own pursuits, such as washing and mending clothes, repairing saddles, pack-saddles, and packs ; my occupation is to write my log and lay down my route, or make an excursion in the vicinity of the camp to bota- nize, &c.;, or ride out reconnoitering. My companions also write down their remarks, and wander about gather- ing seeds, or looking for curious pebbles. Mr. Gilbert takes his gun to shoot birds. A loud cooee again unites us towards sunset round our table cloth ; and, whilst enjoying our meals, the subject of the day's journey, the past, the present, and the future, by turns engage our attention, or furnish matter for conversation and remark, according to the respective humour of the par- ties. Many circumstances have conspired to make me strangely taciturn, and I am now scarcely pleased even with the chatting humour of my youngest companion, whose spirits, instead of flagging, have become more buoyant and lively than ever. I consider it, however, my invariable duty to give every information I can, whenever my companions inquire or shew a desire to learn, and I am happy to find that they are desirous of making themselves familiar with the objects of nature by which they are surrounded, and of understanding their mutual relations. Mr. Roper is of a more silent dis- position ; Mr. Calvert likes to speak, and has a good stock of "small talk," with which he often enlivens our dinners ; he is in that respect an excellent companion, being full of jokes and stories, which, though old and sometimes quaint, are always pure, and serve the more to exhilirate the party. Mr. Gilbert has travelled much, and consequently has a rich store of impressions de vovage : his conversation is generally very pleasing and instructive, in describing the character of the countries he has seen, and the manners and customs of the people he has known. He is well informed in Aus- tralian Ornithology. As night approaches, we retire to our beds. The two blackfellows and myself spread out each our own under the canopy of heaven, whilst Messrs. Roper, Calvert, Gilbert, Murphy, and Phillips, have their tents. Mr. Calvert entertains Roper with his con- versation ; John amuses Gilbert ; Brown tunes up his corroborri songs, in which Charley, until their late quarrel, generally joined. Brown sings well, and his melodious plaintive voice lulls me to sleep, when other- wise I am not disposed. Mr. Phillips is rather singular in his habits ; he erects his tent generally at a distance from the rest, under a shady tree, or in a green bower of shrubs, where he makes himself as comfortable as the place will allow, by spreading branches and grass under his couch, and covering his tent with them, to keep it shady and cool, and even planting lilies in blos- som (Crinum) before his tent, to enjoy their sight during the short time of our stay. As the night ad- vances, the blackfellows' songs die away : the chatting tongue of Murphy ceases, after having lulled Mr. Gil- bert to sleep ; and at last even Mr. Calvert is silent, as Roper's short answers become few and far between. The neighing of the tethered horse, the distant tink- ling of the bell, or the occasional cry of night birds, alone interrupt the silence of our camp. The fire, which was bright as long as the corrobori songster kept it stirred, gradually gets dull, and smoulders slowly under the large pot in which our meat is simmering ; and the bright constellations of heaven pass unheeded over the heads of the dreaming wanderers of the wil- derness, until the summons of the laughing jackass recalls them to the business of the coming day. In the account previously given of the journey along the Burdekin and Lynd, there was men- tion made of a separation, not only of waters, but of rocks. This difficulty is cleared up in the following account. I now directed my course to the W.N.W., but soon found myself checked by a dyke or wall of basaltic lava, composed of boulders and tabular blocks heaped over each other in wild confusion, and covered by scrub ; it stretched from N.W. to S.E. I travelled round its edge to the southward, after having made a vain attempt to cross it. The outlines of the stream ran out in low heads into the flat table land, and there we met occasionally with springs and chains of water- holes which united lower down into a water-course, which, after following alternately the outline of the scrub, and turning into the stream of lava, became lost among its loose rocks. The lava was very cellular ; the basalt of the table land solid. The whole appearance of this interesting locality showed that the stream of lava was of much more recent date than the rock of the table land, and that the latter was probably formed under water, whilst the cellular scorified lava was poured out into the open air. The stream of lava en- larged so much, and descended into so broad a valley, that I considered it to be the head of the Burdekin. I walked across it, in order to ascertain the presence of water, but found nothing but deep dry hollows sur- rounded with drooping tea trees, and the black basaltic rocks covered with wild bottle-tree scrub. It joined the valley of lagoons very much like the valley of the reedy brook, and seemed to unite with the latter, and to expand all over the large basin. Numerous headlands protruded from the table land into the valley of lagoons, between the stream of lava and reedy brook. Many of them were composed of quartzite and pegma- tite, the detritus of which formed sandy slopes very different from the black and loamy soil of the table land and its plains. Several isolated hills and short ridges rise out of the basaltic floor of the valley of lagoons ; they are composed of a different rock ; and if it may be allowed me to judge by the colour and by analogy, I should say that they were pegmatite and quart- zite. It would, therefore, appear that the valley of la- goons is connected with three streams of lava ; one fol- lowing down the river to the southward, a second coming down the valley of Reedy Brook from W.N.W., and the third coming from the N.W. The course of the Burdekin has no connection with this valley, but runs apparently along its eastern side, and divides the primi- tive rocks from the streams of lava : for I had not ob- served any lava on its left bank. The restaurateurs of Sydney may take a hint from what follows. Mr. Roper came in with sad tidings ; in riding up the steep bank of the river, his horse, unable to get a footing among the loose rocks, had fallen back and broken its thigh. I immediately resolved upon going to the place where the accident had happened, and pro- posed to my companions, that we should try to make the best of the meat, as the animal was young and healthy, and the supply would greatly assist in saving our bullocks to the end of our long journey : and they declared themselves willing at all events to give a fair trial to the horse-flesh. Our bullocks were foot-sore and required rest. We, therefore, shot the the horse, skinned and quartered it the same night ; and ate its liver and kidneys, which were quite as good as those of a bullock. Whilst rejoicing at Sydney was going on in honour of Her Majesty, it was thus our tra- vellers were occupiod upon the Lynd. May 24. — It was the Queen's birth-day, and we ce- lebrated it with what — as our only remaining luxury — we were accustomed to call a fat cake, made of four pounds of flour and some suet, which we had saved for the express purpose, and with a pot of sugared tea. We had for several months been without sugar, with the exception of about ten pounds, which was reserved for cases of illness and for festivals. So neces- sary does it appear to human nature to interrupt the monotony of life by marked days, on which we indulge in recollections of the past, or in meditations on the future, that we all enjoyed those days as much, and even more, than when surrounded with all the blessings of civilised society ; although I am free to admit, that fat cake and sugared tea in prospectu might induce us to watch with more eagerness for the approach of these days of feasting. There were, besides, several other facts interesting to the psychologist, which exhibited the influence of our solitary life, and the unity of our purpose, on our minds. During the early part of our journey I had been carried back in my dreams to scenes of recent date, and into the society of men with whom I had lived shortly before starting on my expedition. As I proceeded on my journey, events of earlier date returned into my mind, with all the fantastic associations of a dream ; and scenes of England, France, and Italy passed successively. Then came the recollections of my university life, of my parents and the members of my family ; and, at last, the days of boyhood and of school — at one time as a boy afraid of the look of the master, and now with the independent feelings of the man, communicating to, and discussing with him the progress of my journey, the courses of the rivers I had found, and the possible advantages of my discoveries. At the latter part of the journey, I had, as it were, re- traced the whole course of my life, and I was now, in my dreams, almost invariably in Sydney, canvassing for support, and imagining that, although I had left my camp, yet that I should return with new resources to carry us through the remainder of our journey. It was very remarkable, that all my companions were almost invariably anticipating the end of our journey, dreaming that they had reached the sea-coast, and met with ships, or that they were in Port Essington and enjoying the pleasures of civilised life ; whilst I, on awaking, found my party and my interests on the place where I had left in my dreams. During the leisure moments of the day, or at the commencement of night, when seated at my fire, all my thoughts seemed riveted to the progress and success of my journey, and to the new objects we had met with during the day. I had then to compel myself to think of absent friends and past times, and the thought that they supposed me dead or unsuccessful in my enterprise, brougt me back immediately lt my favourite object. Much, in- deed the greater portion, of my journey had been oc- cupied in long reconnoitering rides ; and he who is thus occupied is in a continued state of excitement, now buoyant with hope, as he urges on his horse towards some distant ranga or blue mountain, or as he follows the favourable bend of a river ; now all de- spairing and miserable, as he approaches the foot of the range without finding water from which he could start again with renewed strength, or as the river turns in an unfavourable direction, and slips out of his course. Evening approaches ; the sun has sunk below the horizon for some time, but still he strains his eye through the gloom for the dark verdure of a creek, or strives to follow the arrow-like flight of a pigeon, the flapping of whoso wings has filled him with a sudden hope, from which he relapses again into a still greater sadness ; with a sickened heart he drops his head to a broken and interrupted rest, whilst his horse is standing hobbled at his side, un- willing from his excessive thirst to feed on the dry grass. How often have I found myself in these dif- ferent states of the brightest hope and the deepest misery, riding along, thirsty, almost lifeless and ready to drop from my saddle with fatigue ; the poor horse tired like his rider, footsore, stumbling over every stone, running heedlessly against the trees, and wounding my knees ! But suddenly, the note of Grallina Australis, the call of cockatoos, or the croaking of frogs, is heard, and hopes are bright again ; water is certainly at hand ; the spur is ap- plied to the flank of the tired beast, which already partakes in his rider's anticipations, and quickens his pace — and a lagoon, a creek, or a river, is before him. The horse is soon unsaddled, hobbled, and well washed ; a fire his made, the teapot is put to the fire, the meat is dressed, the enjoyment of the poor reconnoiterer is perfect, and a prayer of thankfulness to the Almighty God who protects the wanderer on his journey, bursts from his grateful lips. Sleeping in the open air at night, with a bright sky studded with its stars above us, we were naturally led to observe more closely the hourly changes of the heavens ; and my companions became curious to know the names of those brilliant constellations, with which nightly observation had now, perhaps for the first time, made them familiar. We had reached a latitude which allowed us not only to see the brightest stars of the southern, but, also of the northern hemisphere, and I shall never forget the intense pleasure I experienced, and that evinced by my companions, when I first called them, about four o'clock in the morning, to see Ursa Major. The starry heaven is one of those great features of nature, which enter uncon- sciously into the composition of our souls. The ab- sence of the stars gives us painful longings, the nature of which we frequently do not understand, but which we call home sickness :— and their sudden re-appear- ance touches us like magic, and fills us with delight. Every new moon also was hailed with an almost su- perstitious devotion, and my blackfellows vied with each other to discover its thin crescent, and would be almost angry with me when I strained my duller eyes in vain to catch a glimpse of its faint light in the brilliant sky which succeeds the setting of the sun. The questions : where were we at the last new moon ! how far have we travelled since ! and where shall we be at the next ! — were invariably discussed amongst us ; calculations were made as to the time that would be required to bring us to the end of our journey, and there was no lack of advice offered as to what should and ought to be done. The mornings and evenings were very beautiful, and are surpassed by no climate that I have ever lived in. It was delightful to watch the fading and changing tints of the western sky after sunset, and to contemplate, in the refreshing coolness of advancing night, the stars as they successively appeared, and entered on their nightly course. The state of our health showed how congenial the climate was to the human constitution ; for, without the comforts which the civilized man thinks essentially neces- sary to like ; without flour, without salt, and miserably clothed, we were yet all in health ; although at times suffering much from weakness and fatigue. At night we stretched ourselves on the ground, almost as naked as the natives, and though most of my companions still used their tents, it was amply proved afterwards that the want of this luxury was attended with no ill consequences. The death of Mr. Gilbert, who was well known to many persons in the colony, was in this wise : At the end of our stage, we came to a chain of shal- low lagoons, which were slightly connected by a hollow. Many of them were dry ; and fearing that, if we pro- ceeded much farther, we should not find water, I en- camped on one of them, containing a shallow pool ; it was surrounded by a narrow belt of small tea trees, with stiff broad lanceolate leaves. As the water occu- pied only the lower part of this basin, I deposited our luggage in the upper part. Mr. Roper and Mr. Calvert made their tent within the belt of trees, with its opening towards the packs ; whilst Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Murphy constructed theirs amongst the little trees with its entrance from the camp Mr. Phillips's was, as usual, far from the others, and at the opposite side of the water. Our fireplace was made outside of the trees, on the banks. Brown had shot six Leptotarsis Eytoni, (whistling ducks) and four teals, which gave us a good dinner ; during which, the principal topic of conversation was our probable distance from the sea coast, as it was here that we first found broken sea shells, of the genus Cytherea. After duiner, Messrs. Roper and Calvert retired to their tent, and Mr. Gil- bert, John, and Brown, were platting palm leaves to make a hat, and I stood musing near their fire place, looking at their work, and occasionally joining in their conversation. Mr. Gilbert was congratulating himself upon having succeeded in learning to plat ; and when he had nearly completed a yard, he retired with John to their tent. This was about seven o'clock ; and I stretched myself upon the ground as usual, at a little distance from the fire, and fell into a dose, from which I was suddenly roused by a loud noise, and a call for help from Calvert and Roper. Natives had suddenly attacked us. They had doubtless watched our movements during the afternoon, and marked the position of the different tents ; and, as soon as it was dark, sneaked upon us, and threw a shower of spears at the tents of Calvert, Roper, and Gilbert, and a few at that of Phillips, and also one or two towards the fire. Charley and Brown called for caps, which I hastened to find, and, as soon as they were provided, they both discharged their guns into the crowd of the natives, who instantly fled, leaving Roper and Calvert pierced with several spears, and se- verely beaten by their waddies. Several of these spears were barbed, and could not be extracted with- out difficulty. I had to force one through the arm of Roper, to break off the barb ; and to cut another out of the groin of Mr. Calvert. John Murphy had suc- ceeded in getting out of the tent, and concealing him- self behind a tree, whence he fired at the natives, and severely wounded one of them before Brown had dis- charged his gun. Not seeing Mr. Gilbert, I asked for him, when Charley told me that our unfortunate com- panion was no more ! He had come out of his tent with his gun, shot, and powder, and handed them to him, when he instantly dropped down. Upon receiving this afflicting intelligence, I hastened to the spot, and found Charley's account too true. He was lying on the ground at a little distance from our fire, and, upon examing him, I soon found, to my sorrow, that every sign of life had disappeared. The body was, however, still warm, and I opened the veins of both arms, as well as the temporal artery, but in vain ; the stream of life had stopped, and he was numbered with the dead. As soon as we recovered from the panic into which we were thrown by this fatal event, every precaution was taken to prevent another surprise ; we watched through the night, and extinguished our fires to con- ceal our individual position from the natives. A strong wind blew from the southward, which made the night air distressingly cold ; it seemed as if the wind blew through our bodies. Under all the cir- cumstances that had happened, we passed an anxious night, in a state of most painful suspense as to the fate of our still surviving companions. Mr. Roper had received two or three spear wounds in the scalp of his head ; one spear had passed through his left arm, another into his cheek below the jugal bone, and pe- netrated the orbit, and injured the optic nerve, and another in his loins, besides a heavy blow on the shoulder. Mr. Calvert had received several severe blows from a waddi ; one on the nose which had crushed the nasal bones ; one on the elbow, and another on the back of his hand ; besides which, a barbed spear had entered his groin ; and another into his knee. As may be readily imagined, both suffered great pain, and were scarcely able to move. The spear that terminated poor Gilbert's existence, had entered the chest, between the clavicle and the neck ; but made so small a wound, that, for some time, I was unable to detect it. From the direction of the wound, he had probably received the spear when stooping to leave his tent. The dawning of the next morning, the 29th, was gladly welcomed, and I proceeded to examine and dress the wounds of my companions, more carefully than I had been able to do in the darkness of the night. Very early in the morning we heard the cooees of the natives, who seemed wailing, as if one of their number was either killed or severely wounded ; for we found stains of blood on their tracks. They disappeared, however, very soon, for, on reconnoitering about the place, I saw nothing of them. I interred the body of our ill-fated companion in the afternoon, and read the funeral service of the English Church over him. A large fire was afterwards made over the grave, to pre- vent the natives from detecting and disinterring the body. Our cattle and horses fortunately had not been molested. It has been said by some, that Dr. Leich- hardt exhibited want of feeling in urging the wounded travellers forward. The remainder of his narrative shows plainly he did wisely for them in so doing ; and he says, respecting this — Calvert and Roper recovered wonderfully consider- ing the severe injuries they had received ; and the wounds, winch I feared as being the most dangerous, promised with care and patience to do well. As it was hazardous to remain long at the place, for the natives might return in greater numbers, and repeat their attack, as well on ourselves as the cattle, I de- termined to proceed, or at least to try if my wounded companions could endure to be removed on horseback. In a case like this, where the lives of the whole party were concerned, it was out of the question to attend only to the individual feelings and wishes of the pa- tients ; I felt for their position to the fullest extent that it was possible for one to feel towards his fellow creatures so situated : but I had equal claims on my attention. I had to look exclusively to the state of their wounds, and to the consequences of the daily journey on their constitutions ; to judge if we could proceed or ought to stop ; and I had reason to expect, or at least was sanguine enough to hope, that although the temporary feelings of acute pain might make them discontented with my arrangements, sober reflection at the end of our journey would induce them to do me justice. The constant attention which they required, and the increased work which fell to the share of our reduced number, had scarcely allowed me time to reflect upon the melancholy accident which had befallen us, and the ill-timed death of our unfortunate companion. All our energies were roused, we found ourselves in danger and, as was absolutely necessary, we strained every nerve to extricate ourselves from it ; but I was well aware, that the more coolly we went to work, the better we should succeed. The first sight of the sea is alluded to in terms that call to the recollection the story in Xenophon of a similar event. The first sight of the salt water of the gulf was hailed by all with feelings of indescribable pleasure, and by none more than by myself ; although tinc- tured with regret at not having succeeded in bringing my whole party to the end of what I was sanguine enough to think the most difficult part of my jour- ney. We had now discovered a line of communica- tion by land, between the eastern coast of Australia, and the Gulf of Carpentaria ; we had travelled along never-failing, and, for the greater part, running waters ; and over an excellent country, available, almost in its whole extent, for pastoral purposes. The length of time we had been in the wilderness, had evidently made the greater portion of my companions distrustful of my abilities to lead them through the journey ; and, in their melancholy conversations, the desponding expression, " We shall never come to Port Essington," was too often overheard by me to be pleasant. My readers will, therefore, readily under- stand why Brown's joyous exclamation of "Salt Water !" was received by a loud hurrah from the whole party ; and why all the pains, and fatigues, and priva- tions we had endured, were, for the moment, forgotten, almost as completely as if we had arrived at the end of the journey. An amusing incident is related of the fright of an aboriginal. John Murphy and Charley whilst riding round the camp to ascertain if natives were in the neighbour- hood, came on one of their camps occupied chiefly by women, and a few old men, who immediately ran off, but set the grass on fire as they went, to prevent the approach of the horsemen ; and left behind them their waddies, spears, and a good supply of potatoes. At dusk, when Charley brought in the horses, two of which we tethered near the camp, the form of a na- tive glided like a ghost into our camp, and walked directly up to the fire. John, who saw him first, called out, "a blackfellow ! look there ! a black- fellow !" and every gun was ready. But the stranger was unarmed, and evidently unconscious of his posi- tion ; for, when he saw himself suddenly surrounded by the horses and ourselves, he nimbly climbed a tree to its very summit, where he stood between some dry branches like a strange phantom or a statue. We called to him, and made signs for him to descend, but he not only remained silent, but motionless, notwith- standing all the signs and noise we made. We then discharged a gun, but it had not the intended effect of inducing him to speak or stir. At last I desired Charley to ascend the neighbouring tree, to show him that we could easily get at him if necessary. This plan was more successful ; for no sooner were Charley's in- tentions perceived, that our friend gave the most evi- dent proof of his being neither deaf nor dumb, by call- ing out most lustily. He pook'd, he birrred, he spat, and cooeed ; in fact, he did everything to make the silent forest re-echo with the wild sounds of his alarm ; our horses, which were standing under the tree, became frightened, and those which were loose ran away. We were much afraid that his cooees would bring the whole tribe to his assistance, and every one eagerly proffered his advice. Charley wished to shoot him, " or," said he, " you will all be killed ; I do not care for myself, but I care for your being killed and buried." Others wished to remove from the spot, and so give him an opportunity of es- caping. I was, of course, horrified at the idea of shoot- ing a poor fellow, whose only crime, if so it might be called, was in having mistaken our fire for that of his own tribe ; so I went to our own fire, which was at a short distance, where he could see me distinctly, and then made signs for him to descend and go away. He then began to be a little more quiet, and to talk ; but soon hallooed again, and threw sticks at myself, at my companions, and at the horses. We now retired about eight yards, to allow him to escape, which we had not done before, because I feared he might imagine we were afraid of his incantations, for he sang most la- mentable corrobories, and cried like a child ; frequently exclaiming, " Mareka ! Mareka ! !" This word is pro- bably identical with Marega ; the name given by the Malays to the natives of the north coast, which is also called by them " Marega." After continuing his la- mentations for some time, but of which we took no notice, they gradually ceased ; and, in a few minutes, a slight rustling noise was heard, and he was gone : doubtless delighted at having escaped from the hands of the pale-faced anthropophagi. Under date of 21st August, we read — We had been in the saddle from ten o'clock at night, to six o'clock in the afternoon of the next day, and, with the exception of one hour, had ridden the whole time through the most dreary and scrubby country, and were, of course, extremely fatigued. Most annoying, however, was the idea that all our fatigues had been to no purpose, except to show to my companions, that I was right in my supposition, that a good day's journey parallel to the coast would invariably bring us to water. The author who gives several instances of the extreme cold of the nights to the south of the Gulf of Carpentaria, observes, respecting this : The most interesting fact, and which had already been observed by Captain Stokes, was the moderate temperature of this part of the country. If my readers compare my observations on the weather from latitude 15-55 at the east coast, to latitude 17-39 on the west coast of the gulf, they will be struck by the general complaint of "cold nights." If they compare the di- rection of the winds, they will find that at the east coast the southerly and south-south westerly winds were very cold, and that they became southerly and south- easterly at the apex, and turned still more to the east- ward, at the west coast. In comparing these directions of the wind, I was led to the conclusion, that the large plains were the origin and the cause of these winds. The bracing nature of the winds and of the cold nights, had a very beneficial influence on our bodies ; we were all well, with the exception of Mr. Roper, who still suffered from the wound in his loins, and from a distressing diarrhoea. I am not aware of the season in which Captain Stokes explored this part of the country ; but it must not be forgotten, that the same causes which would produce cold winds in the winter, might be the cause of hot winds in the summer. Mr. Kennedy, in his recent despatches, and Sir T. Mitchell, both make mention of excessive cold, in the districts about the Victoria. This, therefore, is one of the most general pheno- mena of the interior. Travellers to these regions may find ad- vantage in some useful hints penned on the 7th September. As our tea bag was getting very low, and as I was afraid that we should have to go a long time without this most useful article, I thought it advisable to make a more saving arrangement. We had, consequently, a pot of good tea at luncheon, when we arrived at our camp tired and exhausted, and most in want of an ex- citing and refreshing beverage. The tea-leaves re- maining in the pot were saved and boiled up for supper, allowing a pint to each person. In the morning, we had our soup, and drank water ad libitum. Tea is un- questionably one of the most important provisions of such an expedition ; sugar is of very little consequence, and I believe that one does even better without it. We have not felt the slightest inconvenience from the want of flour ; and we were a long time without salt. The want of the latter, however, made us costive, and, when we began to use it again, almost every one of us had a slight attack of diarrhoea. Our horses were still in excellent condition, and even improving ; and our five bullocks also kept in good working order, although the oldest of them rather lagged behind. In choosing bullocks for such a journey, one should be particularly careful to choose young powerful beasts, about five or six years old, and not too heavy. All our old and heavy bullocks proved to be bad travellers ; only one had borne the journey until now, and he was only preserved by great care and attention. During summer, the ground is so hot, and frequently so rotten, that even the feet of a dog sink deep. This heat, should there be a want of water during a long stage, and perhaps a run after game in addition, would inevitably kill a soft dog. It is, therefore, of the greatest impor- tance to have a good traveller, with hard feet : a cross of the kangaroo dog with the bloodhound would be, perhaps, the best. He should be light, and satisfied with little food in case of scarcity ; although the dried tripe of our bullocks gave ample and good food to one dog. It is necessary to carry water for them ; and to a little calabash, which we obtained from the natives of the Isaacs, we have been frequently indebted for the life of Spring. The following remarks are so creditable to the feelings of the author that we are induced to reprint them. October 16. — We travelled down to the water, about four miles north-east along the creek, which was co- vered with cypress pine thickets, and tea-tree scrub. Mr. Calvert and Charley returned on our tracks to en- deavour to recover of our poor dog. They found him almost dead, — stretched out in the deep cattle track, which he seemed not to have quitted, even to find a shady place. They brought him to the camp ; and I put his whole body, with the exception of his head, under water, and bled him ; he lived six hours longer, when he began to bark, as if raving, and to move his legs slightly, as dogs do when dreaming. It seemed that he died of inflammation of the brain. If we be- come naturally fond of animals which share with us the comforts of life, and become the cheerful com- panions of our leisure hours, our attachment becomes still greater when they not only share in our sufferings, but aid greatly to alleviate them. The little world of animated beings, with which we moved on, was con- stantly before our eyes ; and each individual the con- stant object of our attention. We became so familiar with every one of them, that the slightest change in their walk, or in their looks was readily observed ; and the state of their health anxiously interpreted. Every bullock, every horse, had its peculiar character, its well defined individuality, which formed the frequent topic of our conversation, in which we all most willingly joined, because every one was equally interested. My readers will, therefore, easily understand my deep dis- tress when I saw myself, on recent occasions, compelled to kill two of our favourite bullocks long before their time ; and when our poor dog died, which we all had fondly hoped to bring to the end of our journey. Brown had, either by accident, or influenced by an un- conscious feeling of melancholy, fallen into the habit of almost constantly whistling and humming the soldier's death march, which had such a singularly depressing effect on my feelings, that I was frequently constrained to request him to change his tune. We have quoted numerous instances of the privations to which the party were reduced by want of food — but we can now produce a con- trast not unworthy of an Esquimaux. Charley, Brown, and John, who had been left at the lagoon to shoot waterfowl, returned with twenty ducks for luncheon, and went out again during the afternoon to procure more for dinner and breakfast. They suc- ceeded in shooting thirty-one ducks and two geese ; so that we had fifty-one ducks and two geese for the three meals ; and they were all eaten, with the excep- tion of a few bony remains, which some of the party carried to the next camp. If we had had a hundred ducks, they would have been eaten quite as readily, if such an extravagant feast had been permitted. At the Roper, in addition to a former loss of three horses, a fourth was drowned. About three miles above the junction of the Wilton with the Roper, we again encamped on the steep banks of the latter, at a spot which I thought would allow our horses and cattle to approach in safety. One unfortu- nate animal, however, slipped into the water, and every effort to get him out was made in vain. Its constant attempts to scramble up the boggy banks only tired it, and as night advanced, we had to wait until the tide rose again. I watched by him the whole night, and at high water we succeeded in getting him out of the water ; but he began to plunge again, and unfortunately broke the tether which had kept his forequarters up, and fell back into the river. At last I found a tolerable landing place about fifty yards higher up ; but, as I was I swimming with him up to it, and trying to lead him clear of the stumps of trees, he became entangled in the tether rope by which I guided him, rolled over, and was immediately drowned. This reduced our number of horses to nine. When the other horses were brought to the camp, another rushed into tho water, but I swam with him at once to the good landing place, and we suc- ceeded in saving him. After the disasters which had lately befallen us, I be- came more alive to the chances to which we were ex- posed, even more so than after Mr. Gilbert's death ; up to which time we had travelled more than a thousand miles, without any great misfortune. At the com- mencement of our journey, the cooee of my comp- panions, who were driving the bullocks and horses after me, had generally called me back to assist in re loading one of our restive beasts, or to mend a broken pack- saddle, and to look for the scattered straps. This was certainly very disagreeable and fatiguing ; but it was rather in consequence of an exuberance of animal spirits, and did not interfere with the hope of a pros- perous progress ; but since leaving the Seven Emu River, these calls invariably acquainted me with the failing strength of our poor brutes ; and knowing only too well the state of exhaustion in which they were, I was almost constantly expecting to be reminded of it, as I was riding along, which rendered me extremely nervous and restless. The death of our spare horses did not allow us any moro to relive the others by alternate rests, and we became soon aware of their increasing weakness. This was considerably aggra- vated by the necessity under which we were of keeping two horses tethered near the camp, not only to facilitate the finding of the others in the morning, but to form a defence against a possible attack of the natives. A very interesting fact is stated respecting the bullocks on this expedition, the following is characteristic enough. Poor Redmond, the last of our bullocks, came fre- quently to the spot where his late companion had been killed ; but finding that he was gone, he returned to his abundant feed, and when I loaded him to continue our journey down the river he was full and sleek. It was interesting to observe how the bullocks on all previous occasions, almost invariably took cognizance of the place where one of their number had been killed. They would visit it either during the night or the next day, walk round the spot, lift their tails, snuff the air with an occasional shake of their horns, and sometimes set off in a gallop. Numerous as our extracts have been we must find room for another description of the coun- try and aborigines in the country south of Port Essington. November 26. — We travelled about nine miles and a half N.N.W. to lat. 12-51-56. After having once more seen the river, where it was joined by the broad outlet of a swamp, I turned to the northward, and passed over closely-wooded and scrubby ridges of ironstone and conglomerate, with pebbles and pieces of quartz cover- ing the ground. Livistona inermis, R. Br. form small groves ; and pandanus covered the hollows and banks of two small creeks with rocky water-holes going to the westward. About six miles from our last camp, an im- mense plain opened before us, at the west side of which we recognised the green line of the river. We crossed the plain to find water, but the approaches of the river were formed by tea-tree hollows, and by thick vine brush, at the outside of which noble bouquets of bamboo and stately corypha palms attractcd our attention. In skirt- ing the brush, we came to a salt water creek (the first seen by us on the north-west coast), when we imme- diately returned to the ridges, where we met with a well-beaten footh-path of the natives, which led us along brush, teeming with wallabies, and through undulating scrubby forest-ground to another large plain. Here the noise of clouds of water- fowl, probably rising at the approach of some natives, betrayed to us the presence of water. We en- camped at the outskirts of the forest, at a great dis- tance from the large but shallow pools, which had been formed by the late thunder-showers. The water had received a disagreeable sour aluminous taste from the soil, and from the dung of innumerable geese, ducks, native companions, white cranes, and various other water fowl. The boggy nature of the ground pre- vented our horses and the bullock from approach- ing it ; and they consequently strayed very far in search of water. In the forest land, the Torres Strait pigeon (Carpophaga luctusai, Gould,) was numerous. At sunset, Charley returned to the camp, accompanied by a whole tribe of natives. They were armed with small goose spears, and with flat wommalas ; but, al- though they were extremely noisy, they did not show the slightest hostile intention. One of them had a shawl and neckerchief of English manufacture : and another carried an iron tomahawk, which he said he got from north-west by north. They knew Pichene- lumbo (Van Diemen's Gulf), and pointed to the north- west by north, when we asked for it. I made them va- rious presents : and they gave us some of their orna- ments and bunches of goose feathers in return, but showed the greatest reluctance in parting with their throwing sticks (wommalas.) They were inclined to theft, and I had to mount Brown on horseback to keep them out of our camp. November 27. — The natives returned very early to our camp, and took the greatest notice of what we were eating, but would not taste anything we offered them. When Brown returned with our bullock, the beast rushed at them, and pursued them for a great distance, almost goring one of their number. We travelled about three miles and a half north east, but had to go fairly over ten miles of ground. We fol- lowed the footpath of the natives for about two miles, passing over some scrubby ridges into a series of plains, which seemed to be boundless to the N.W. and N.N.W. A broad deep channel of fresh water covered with nymphaeas and fringed with pandanus, intercepted our course ; and I soon found that it formed the outlet of one of those remarkable swamps which I have described on the preceding stages. We turned to the E. and E.S.E. following its outline, in order either to find a crossing place, or to head it. The natives were very numerous, and employing themselves either in fishing or burning the grass on the plains, or digging for roots. I saw here a noble fig-tree, under the shade of which seemed to have been the camping place of the natives for the last century. It was growing at the place where we first came to the broad outlet of the swamp. About two miles to the eastward, this swamp extended beyond the reach of sight, and seemed to form the whole country, of the remarkable and picturesque character of which it will be difficult to convey a correct idea to the reader. Its level bed was composed of a stiff bluish clay, with- out vegetation, mostly dry, and cracked by the heat of the sun ; but its depressions were still moist, and treacherously boggy ; in many parts of this extensive level, rose isolated patches, or large island-like groves of Pandanus intermixed with drooping tea trees, and interwoven with Ipomaeas, or long belts of drooping tea- trees, in the shade of which reaches of shallow water, sur- rounded by a rich sward of grasses of the most delicate verdure, had remained. Thousands of ducks and geese occupied these pools, and the latter fed as they waded through the grass. We travelled for a long time through groves of drooping tea-trees, which grew along the out- line of the swamps, but using great caution in conse- quenee of its boggy nature. Several times I wished to communicate with the natives who followed us, but, every time I turned my horse's head they ran away ; however, finding my difficulties increased whilst at- tempting to cross the swamp, I dismounted and walked up to one of them, and taking his hand, gave him a sheet of paper, on which I wrote some words, giving him to understand, as well as I could, that he had nothing to fear as long as he carried the paper. By this means I induced him to walk with me, but considerably in advance of my train, and especially of the bullock ; he kept manfully near me, and pointed out the sounder parts of the swamp, until we came to a large pool, on which were a great number of geese, when he gave me to understand that he wished Brown to go and shoot them ; for these natives, as well as those who visited us last night, were well acquainted with the effects of fire arms. We encamped at this pool and the natives flocked round us from every direction. Boys of every age, lads, young men and old men too, came, every one armed with his bundle of goose spears, and his throwing stick. They observed, with curious eye, everything we did, and made long explanations to each other of the various ob- jects presented to their gaze. Our eating, drinking, dress, skin, combing, boiling, our blankets, straps, horses, everything, in short, was new to them, and was earnestly discussed, particularly by one of the old men, who amused us with his drollery and good humour in trying to persuade each of us so give him something. They con- tinually used the words " Perikot, Nokot, Mankiterre, Lumbo Lumbo, Nana Nana, Nana," all of which we did not understand till after our arrival at Port Es- sington, where we learned that they meant, " Very good, no good, Malays, very far." Their intonation was extremely melodious, some other words, the meaning of which we could not make out, were " Kelengeli, Kongurr, Verritimba. Vanganbarr, Nangemong, Maralikilla;" the accent being always on the first syllable of the word, and all the vowels short. November 28. — Our good friends, the natives, were with us again very early in the morning ; they ap- proached us in long file, incessantly repeating the words above mentioned, Perikot, Nokot, &c.;, which they seemed to consider a kind of introduction. After having guided us over the remaining part of the swamp to the firm land, during which they gave us the most evident proofs of their skill in spearing geese — they took leave of us and returned, when I again re- sumed my course to the northward. I understood from the natives that a large lake, or deep water, existed at the head of the swamp, far to the east and north- east. We travelled about nine miles north by east, to lat. 12-38-41. The narrative of the first meeting with the people who could spoak English is too in- teresting to be omitted. Immediately after our arrival, Brown went to shoot some geese, and met with two natives who were cook- ing some roots, but they withdrew in great haste as soon as they saw him. Soon afterwards, however, a great number of them came to the opposite side of the lagoon, and requested a parley. I went down to them with some presents, and a young man came over in a canoe to meet me. I gave him a tin canister, and was agreeably surprised to find that the stock of English words increased considerably ; that very few things we had were new to him, and that he himself had been at the settlement. His name was " Bilge." He called me Commandant, and presented several old men to me under the same title. Several natives joined us, either using the canoe, or swimming across the lagoon, and after having been duly introduced to me, I took four of them to the camp, where they examined everything with great intelligence, without expressing the least desire of possessing it. They were the must confiding, intelligent, inquisitive natives I had ever met before. Bilge himself took me by the hand and went to the different horses, and to the bullock and asked their names and who rode them. The natives had always been very curious to know the names of our horses,and repeated "Jim Crow," "Flour- bag," "Caleb," "Irongrey," as well as they could, with the greatest merriment. Bilge frequently mentioned "Devil devil," in referring to the bullock, and I think he alluded to the wild buffaloes, the tracks of which we soon afterwards saw. We asked him for " Allamurr ;" and they expressed their readiness to bring it, as soon as the children and women, who both went under the denomination of Piccaninies, returned to the camp. The day being far advanced, and their camp a good way off, they left us, after inviting us to accompany them : but this I declined. About 10 o'clock at night, three lads came to us with Allamurr ; but they were very near suffering for their kindness and confidence, as the alarm of " blackfellows" at night was a call to immediate and desperate defence. Suspecting, however, the true cause of this untimely visit, I walked up to them, and led them into the camp, where I divided their Allamurr between us ; allowing them a place of honour on a tarpaulin near me for the remainder of the night, with which attention they appeared highly pleased. The night was clear and dewy, but became cloudy with the setting of the moon. December 9. — The natives came to our camp at break of day, and Bilge introduced several old warriors of a different tribe, adding always the number of piccaninies that each of them had ; they appeared very particular about the latter, and one of the gentlemen corrected Bilge very seriously when he mentioned only two instead of three. Bilge had promised to go with us to Balanda, but, having probably talked the matter over during the night, with his wife, he changed his intentions ; but invited us in the most urgent manner, to stay a day at their camp. Although no place could be found more favourable for feed and water, and a day's rest would have proved very benefi- cial to our cattle, yet our meat bags, on which we now solely depended, were so much reduced, that every day of travelling was of the greatest importance ; as the natives told us that four days would bring us to the Peninsula, and two more to Balanda. Bilge's wife was, perhaps, the aboriginal Mrs. Caudle, whose authenticity, as a member of the human family, is thus unexpectedly illus- trated by our traveller. At Nyuall's tribe, the Doctor learned some- thing of his own condition, which was not very satisfactory ; we have been told, that old Nyuall added yet other words to those below written. My cooee was answered by natives within the forest, and, shortly afterwards four men came running out of it, and approached us most familiarly. They spoke English tolerably, knew the pipe, tobacco, bread, rice, ponies, guns, &c.; ; and guided us to a fine lagoon, which I named after the leading men of their tribe, "Nyuall's Lagoon." Two of them promised to pilot us to Balanda and to "Rambal," which meant houses. They were very confiding, and women and children entered for the first time freely into our camp. They examined every thing, but made not the slightest attempt to rob us even of a trifle. When the women returned at night, they did not bring " Allamurr," or, as it was here called, " Murnatt," but plenty of " Imberbi," the root of Convolvulus, which grow abundantly in the plain : they gave us a very seasonable supply of it, but would not taste our dried beef, which they turned, broke, smelled, and then with a feeling of pity and disgust returned to us. Nyuall gave an amusiug account of our state : " You no bread, no flour, no rice, no backi — you no good ! Balanda plenty bread, plenty flour, plenty rice, plenty backi ! Balanda very good !" He, Gnarrangan, and Carbaret, promised to go with us ; and the first intended to take his wife with him. They imitated with surprising accuracy the noises of the various domesticated animals they had seen at the settlement ; and it was amusing to hear the crowing of the cock, the cackling of the hens, the quacking of ducks, grunting of pigs, mewing of the cat, &c.;, evident proofs that these natives had been in Victoria. A final extract must be accorded to the honour of " Bill White," the explorer's guide into Victoria, of which, according to other travellers, enough has already been written, but which was our wearied travellers' resting- place and home, from which with feelings of the greatest satisfaction and purest delight they could look back upon a series of the most adventurous circumstances, to which, perhaps, there we no actual parallels in the whole round of previous geographical explorations. We were here visited by a tribe of natives, who were well acquainted with the settlement ; they were all friendly, and willing to assist us ; and many of them spoke very tolerable English. One of them, ap- parently the chief of the tribe, though a hunchback, narned "Bill White," promised to guide us to the set- tlement. He gave us to understand that we had come too far to the northward, and that we had to go to the south-west, in order to head Port Essington, and to fol- low its west coast, in order to arrive at Victoria. We were, in fact, at Raffles Bay. The natives knew every body in Victoria, and did not cease to give us all the news ; to which we most willingly listened. They fetched water for us from a great distance, and gave us seme murnatt, which was extremely welcome. Perceiving the state of exhaustion and depression in which we were, they tried to cheer us with their corrobori songs, which they accompanied on eboro, a long tube of bam- boo, by means of which they variously modulated their voices. On the Vollir we came on a cart road which wound round the foot of a high hill ; and, having passed the garden, with its fine cocoo-nut palms, the white houses, and a row of snug thatched cottages burst suddenly upon us ; the house of the Commandant being to the right and separate from the rest. We were most kindly received by Captain Macarthur, the Commandant of Port Essington, and by the other offic- cers, who, with the greatest kindness and attention, supplied us with everything we wanted. I was deeply affected in finding myself again in civilised society, and could scarcely speak, the words growing big with tears and emotion ; and, even now, when considering with what small means the Almighty had enabled me to per- form such a long journey, my heart thrills in grateful acknowledgment of his infinite kindness. There are many things we have been forced to pass over, and many which would equally illustrate the character of the explorer. But we have been prodigal of the foregoing, be- cause our wish is to place before the reader, who may not see this volume, at least for a time, some striking points in that character, misre- presented as it has been in certain quarters, and misunderstood in others. The public will see what we have long known, that whatever fault of temper may be charged against Leichhardt, he has great and numerous excellent qualities of mind and heart, and that he possesses in a peculiar degree the essential qualifications of a traveller, patience, perseverance, courage, judgment, and sagacity, endurance of privation, steadiness in difficulty, and high intellect carefully instructed to take advantage of every circumstance in the natural world which can contribute to the expansion and improvement of the mind. Dr. Leichhardt's excessive modesty has pre- vented him from saying much that others could say for him ; we know him to unite to his adaptation for enterprise a sterling, solid, quiet sense of the importance of religious principles and moral deportment ; and we unhesitatingly declare, that a more pure minded individual never entered into the try- ing scenes of such an expedition as his. Those who have considered him a mere speculating adventurer know neither him nor the circum- stances under which he came amongst us. They may see in him a mere inquisitive stran- ger, a sort of foreign coaster who would smuggle himself into our good graces, and carry away our gold. We know him to be a man of unimpeachable honour, and one who, scorning to profit by the labours of others, has but one aim in life, to add to the boun- daries of science, do credit to his country, and return into the lap of the colony a grateful return for all her attentions to him. It was in this spirit, that he has endeavoured to immortalise every individual who has con- tributed to his success, and has left the names of his benefactors, or rather of those who have assisted in benefiting the colony through him, imperishably stamped (as we hope and believe) upon the map of the world, though other tra- vellers would have sought to exhibit the stores of their richly endowed minds by calling the rivers and the mountains by the names of the illustrious in song or painting, or of those who by the exercise of power and favour could reward it. The great and the learned may smile at such renown, and think the blackfellow could have furnished more appropriate designations ; but in giving the names of colonists to the features of the vast territory explored in this great under- taking, Leichhardt has made that territory theirs. And it is remarkable, that with all his ardent love for Prussia, his mother-land, though her annals are full of the illustrious quick or dead, he has borrowed from them not a single name, nor the remembrance of a single deed. The book is to all intents and purposes that of a fellow-citizen, and New South Wales ought to be proud of him. The illustrations, which are not till now mentioned, are well furnished by one of the Melvilles, and this is praise enough. As the artist's name is not mentioned, it may be pre- sumed the original sketches were by the au- thor. The book is said to be dear at its price : but the splendid map attached to it, in which there are the completest details of the Moreton Bay country ever yet published, makes it by no means dear. It is remarkably well got up, and does credit to the publisher and printer. 