Eddystone Lighthouse. The Rev. C. H. Bromby, M. A., minister of St. Paul s. Church, Cheltenham, delivered a lecture in that town, lately, on " the History of the Eddystone Lighthouse," to a numerous and attentive audience. The lecture was illus- trated by some rare engravings, and it was the possession of these, Mr Bromby said, which had induced him to turn his attention to this subject. The lecturer commenced by describing the geographical position of the lighthouse, and the peculiarities of situation which rendered that part of; the roast on which it stood of such a dangerous character; the consequences of which had been the loss of many lives and the destruction of much property. In 1695 it was de- termined to build a lighthouse to warn voyagers of the perils of the Eddystone rocks, and the individual who was chosen to complete the work was a very eccentric gentle man named Winstanley, who resided at Littlebury, in Essex. This facetious man had on his estate a house full of jeu d'esprits and little works of his own very original efforts. If a stranger called on that gentleman, and he was intro- duced into the parlour, he would see a slipper lying on the floor. If he kicked this away, a ghost-like figure would rise up. If the visitor took refuge in the armchair, two other arms would be forced out, and hold him tightly clasped. If he rushed out and seated himself in an arbour by the side of the canal, the arbour loosened itself, and the visitor was sent floating into the middle of the canal. (Laughter.) Winstanley commenced the erection of the lighthouse in 1696. The first summer was spent in making twelve holes in the rock, and in fastening twelve great irons which were to hold the work that was afterwards to be done. The next summer was spent in making a solid body or round pillar 12 feet high, and 14 feet in diameter. In the third year this pillar or work was made good at the foundation from the rock to 16 feet in diameter, and all the work was raised, which to the vane was 80 feet high. All was finished and the light set up on the 14th of November, 1698\. In the fourth year, observing the effects the sea had on the house, burying the Lanthorn at times, Mr Winstanley, encompassed the building early in the spring with a new work of four feet thickness from the foundation, making all solid for near 20 feet high; he also took down the upper part of the first building and enlarging every part in its pro portion, raised it 40 feet higher than it was at first. Yet, Mr Winstanley said "the sea in times of storm flies in ap- pearance 100 feet above the vane,"—that was 220 feet. Mr Winstanley's labours established the practicability of constructing a light-house on this spot. This Iight-house was swept away by the sea, during a violent storm in No vember, 1703, and Mr Winstanley, who was in the building at the time, perished with it. The lecturer described the erection of the second lighthouse, by Mr Rudyerd, and its destruction by fire in 1755. In remarking upon the con duct of some boatmen who discovered the fire at the light house, and who instead of going to render assistance at once, went first to call up an individual of superior attainments to direct them, Mr Bromby said that men whose minds were engrossed by laborious occupations, who were ground down by their labour day by day. were unfit, as the great bulk of our labouring population are, to act in particular emergen- cies, Mr Bromby proceeded to detail at great length the ingenious measures adopted by Smeaton in the erection of the stone lighthouse now standing on the Eddystone rocks. While Winstanley's stood only four years, and Rudyerd's exhibited symptoms of decay at the foundation at the time of its destruction by fire when it had only stood forty-six years, Smeaton's still stands as strong as at its erection 87 years ago. Mr Bromby then exhorted his hearers to shine as lights in the world, and to prepare for that great day when the sea would have to give up its dead. He concluded by repeating the following lines, by one whom he said he boasted of as a relative, Mrs Hemans:— Give back the lost and lovely—those for whom The place was kept at board and hearth so long, The prayer went up at midnight's breathless gloom And the vain yearning woke midst festal song, Hold fast thy buried isles, thy towers overthrown, But all is not thine own. To thee the lore of woman hath gone down, Dark flow thy tides o'er manhood's noble head, O'er youth's bright locks and beanty's flowry crown, Yet must thou bear a voice— Restore the dead. Earth shall reclaim her precious things from thee, Restore the dead, thou Sea. 