LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Colonel Robe left town, for the purpose of embarka- tion, on Thursday afternoon, accompanied by Sir Henry and Lady Young, and escorted by a number of gentle- men on horseback. The gallant Colonel has taken his passage by the Constance, bound for China, and was conveyed on board by the Government schooner Yatala — being her first trip. Police Constable Shaw started from Encounter Bay to the Murray Beach, on Monday last, in consequence of the receipt of intelligence that a wreck had taken place there. No particulars have yet reached town. A small shock of an earthquake was felt in Adelaide about four o'clock on Thursday morning. The vibra- tion was so sensibly felt, that several inhabitants de- clared their beds shook under them; and Doctor Woodforde, whose house adjoins our office, and who happened to be up at the time, informs us that the building was shaken. On Thursday evening Mr Menge delivered a lecture on Light, at the Mechanics' Institute. Owing to the protracted hour of that day's trials in the Supreme Court the attendance was comparatively small, being no more than fifty, of whom only seven were of the fair sex. The lecturer treated his subject far less scientifi- cally than had been expected; and instead of throwing any new light on the grand, and still unsettled question of emission or reflection,. he merely gave a running sketch of the component colours of rays, and variegated the lecture by an indefinite string of scarcely happy puns on the different applications of the term that re- presented his subject. Another remarkable feature of the lecture was an unaccountable flight to the hierogly- phic labyrinths of the Chinese language, which the learned lecturer industriously illustrated by elaborate diagrams. Mr Menge seemed to be possessed of an unfortunate predilection in favour of the sing-song tongue of the celestial empire, that invariably attracts him towards its monosyllabic mazes, however foreign it be to the subject in hand. The most devoted manda- rin could not be guilty of more earnest and escentric digressions. As very few of the members probably aspire to the dignity of mandarinship, such instruction can scarcely be interesting or peculiarly beneficial to them. In the advertisement of the balance-sheet of the British Destitution Relief Fund, inserted in our last, we inadvertently stated that one-fifth of the remittance (£1084 15s. 4d.) was for Ireland instead of Scotland. Our much respected friend and colonist, Samuel Kearne, Esq., of Oaklands, met with a serious accident on Sunday last. Mr Kearne was about to mount his horse, and had just reached the saddle, when the animal plunged and threw him with violence to the ground. Mr Kearne has sustained several deep-seated injuries in addition to a fracture of the left clavicle, and fractures of the ribs on the left side. On Tuesday, as Mrs G. Jarvis was proceeding to town in a dray laden with cheese, she was thrown forwards and seriously trampled on by the bullocks. After being dragged a short distance on the ground, the wheel of the dray ultimately passed over the back. Mrs Jarvis remains in a most dangerous and critical situation, though hopes of her recovery are still entertained. Barnett's party, at Encounter Bay, succeeded in cap- uring a fine whale on Thursday week; and, on the fol- lowing day, the headsmen, Hubbard and Barton, suc- ceeded in capturing one each, amounting, in all, to thirteen whales taken by the above party this season. On Sunday morning, the house of Mr Bonython, grocer, Rundle-street, was entered whilst the inmates were at chapel, and robbed of about £20. On Friday week a Total Abstinence Meeting was held in Messrs Berjew & Barford's school-room, North Adelaide. Mr Breeze presided, and the cause was ably advocated by Messrs Mitchell, Cole, Jones, and Smith, which resulted in inducing several to become converts to the society. A burglary was committed at North Adelaide, on Monday evening, about six o'clock, during the absence of Mr Breeze (builder) and family, who were at the Wesleyan Tea Meeting. Some person or persons (not as yet apprehended) broke into his dwelling house, and after making a diligent but fruitless search (for money no doubt) by turning out drawers, boxes, &c.;, made off with sundry articles of wearing apparel. It would ap- pear they were much disappointed at not discovering a booty in the shape of cash, as they satisfied their re- venge by tearing down the ceiling of one of the rooms. The robbery was early discovered by Mr Breeze's ser- vant, who was sent from the chapel with a tea- service. The girl immediately returned, and made known to her master what had occurred, who, without delay, reported the case at the Police-office, North-terrace. On Sunday last anniversary services commemorative of the opening of the Wesleyan Chapel at North Ade- laide, were held in that place of worship. The Rev. D. J. Draper preached in the morning, the Rev. J. B. Titherington in the afternoon, and Mr R. Hawkes, a respectable Wesleyan local preacher recently arrived from England, in the evening. The congregations were large, and the collections towards the liquidation of the debt encouraging. On Monday nearly two hun- dred persons sat down to tea, which was most liberally supplied by the female friends of the society. Ample provision had been made, and the smiling faces, and cheerful conversation of so large a party, afforded proof that social intercourse under religions influence is de- lightfully promotive of happiness. Shortly before seven o'clock the public meeting commenced, the Rev. D. J. Draper giving out the hymn, and the Rev. J. Long en- gaging in prayer. Mr Draper, on taking the chair, re- marked that the utmost expectations of the friends who had contributed to the erection of the chapel, and the fervent hopes of those who, a year ago, assembled there on the occasion of its opening, had been fully re- alised, and adverted to the very considerable increase of the Society and the congregation in connection with it during the year. Mr T. J. Mitchell made a financial statement to the effect that, since the opening services, the pulpit, communion rail, the excellent cedar forms with backs, and bell and cupold, have been paid for. These items had cost about £60, and in addition thereto, the interest of the money borrowed at the Bank had been met, and £15 paid off the principal. He further stated, that by aid of the collection on the Sunday and the proceeds of the tea meeting, they would be in a position to reduce the debt to £55, which sum, it had been suggested, might be liquidated by a subscription that evening, accompany ing the expression of what had been suggested with certain very significant wishes on the subject. The meeting was subsequently addressed by the Rev. Messrs Stonehouse and Long, Messrs Peacock, Forster, Moor- house,,Smith (of the Gratitude), Hawkes, and Breeze. The speakers dwelt with much point and effect on the nature and advantages of their union and fellowship, their attention being specially called to the subject by the circumstance ofthe speakers belonging to different deno- minations. The meeting was highly interesting, and its results most satisfactory. At its conclusion several parties gave their names for sums of money towards the entire removal of the debt, and about £27 was thus secured, making the entire proceeds of the anniversary £50 and leaving but about £25 to be provided for. It was stated by the Chairman, that a very eligible piece of land had been purchased in the neighbourhood, for the sum of £50, and it was intended to erect a house for a resident minister as early as possible, a second minister for the city being daily expected, and it being resolved that one shall reside at North Adelaide, as soon as it can be arranged. The Meeting was conclu- ded with prayer about half-past nine o'clock. The ceremony of baptism by immersion was performed in the Torrens, on Sunday afternoon, about half past three o'clock, a short distance from the Company's bridge. The day was delightful. The sun shone with summer brightness, whilst the verdure had all the rich luxuriant tints of spring. A considerable number of people assembled to witness the administration of the ordinance, which was impressive in the extreme. The scene and the ceremony would form a fine subject for a colonial Claude. Mr Allen, of North Adelaide, officiated, and although we were separated from him by the river, we heard with tolerable distinctness his clear and logent exposition of the reasons why that portion of Christ's people preferred baptism by immersion to either pouring or sprinkling, and why they conceived that none but adults should receive the holy rite. The text chosen for the occasion was, "Go, teach all nations, baptising, &c.;" (Matthew xxviii, 19 20.) The command to teach had the priority of the command to baptize, and the same word which was there translated " baptize" was in other places rendered " dip," as "dipped the sop and gave it to Judas." Again, Dives prayed that Lazarus might "dip the tip of his finger." He referred to the sacred author's account of the baptism of our Lord, " He went out straightway out of the water." And in the eight chapter of the Acts of the Apostles there was a clear description of the preparation necessary, " If thou be- lievest with/ all thy heart," (verse 37); and the mode of admnistering the ordinance: "And they went down into the water" (38th verse), from which passage the preacher argued that a description so minute and cir- cumstantial would seem to have been especially intended to prevent the possibility of deviation from the prescribed formula. Then, again, we were told that "John was also baptizing in Ænon, near Salim," And why ? Because there was much water there. And why select a place where there was much water, if more sprinkling or pouring was sufficient for the due administration of the rite ? After advancing other proofs the preacher said that the idea of baptizing infants never entered into our Lord's mind, nor into the minds of his Apostles. The Divine commission expressly stated, "Go, teach," but they could not teach an infant. According to the scriptural practice belief or profession was necessary. Still, the duty of early instruction was incumbent, and when matured and convinced, they would come forward willingly, professing their belief and eager to be baptized. There was not one recorded instance in the New Testa- ment of baptism administered to an infant. On the great occasion recorded in the Acts ii. when three thousand were baptised, they first " received the word.* In the 8th chapter and the 12th verse we read that " when they believed," both men and women, they were baptised; and in the 13th . verse, Simon's belief and consequent baptism is described. The 36th 37th and 38th verses, already referred to distinctly showed that it wasnecessary fore the Christian to come forward and profess his faith in Christ. The ninth chapter and the 18th verse mentioned the baptism of Saul, and the tenth chapter related the reception of the Holy Ghost and baptism of the people assembled in the house of Cor nelius, none of whom there was any reason to suppose, were infants. The preacher read toe passage referring to Paul and Silas, and the converted Corinthians, with several other passages, not one of which he contended warranted the administration of baptism to an uncon scious infant. The conclusion of Mr Allen's address, which was heard with marked attention. The preacher stated that it was eight years since the firat public baptism occurred in the river Torrens; that since that time he had frequently assisted at similar ceromonies, there and also in England, but he was happy to say that a more decorous and respectable behaviour he never witnessed in any such assemblage before. He then entered the water, and was followed by an apparently elderly fefliile, whom he completely submerged. After a hymn was sung, the people separated. On Sunday, the 3d September, the new chapel erected near Weymouth-street, by the members of the " Chris- tian Church," under the pastorship of the Rev. Thomas Playford, was opened for public worship. Three ap- propriate sermons were preached on the occasion; that in the morning by the Rev. Thomas Playford, in the afternoon by the Rev. G. Stonehouse, and in the even- ing by Mr A. Forster. Notwithstanding the very im- propitious state of the weather the attendance was any- thing but thin. One rather uncommon circumstance attending the opening of this chapel, was the discarding the usual custom of "collections after each service.' We cannot refrain, on this occasion, from congratulat- ing the members and friends of Mr Playford on the silent yet practical demonstration they have made of the principle of pure voluntaryism in erecting a neat and substantial edifice, capable of holding about four hun- dred people, at a cost of £600, without any extraordi- nary appeal to the public directly, or indirectly filching from them by receiving " State support." We under- stand the whole of the above sum, with the exception of a few pounds, has been already paid. On the Mon- day evening following, the members and friends met to regale themselves with that which " cheers but not in- ebriates," in the shape of tea and cake On this occa- sion, also, the " voluntary principle" was in the ascend- ant, the entertainment being gratuitous. The guests, about 300 in number, who vied witheach other in good humour, after having done justice to the ample supplies of" pekoe and cake," were entertained with the speeches of several gentlemen, among whom we noticed Messrs Playford, Forster, Wickes, Randall, Long, Stonehouse, Hawkes, Phillips, and Peacock. At the close of the meeting several friends came forward and made their voluntary offerings in aid of the good cause. On the following evening (Tuesday), the Sunday school chil- dren connected with the above plaoe of worship had also their tea meeting, on which occasion they were ad- dressed by several friends and finally were rewarded with Bibles, Hymn Books, &c.;, the recipients evidencing by "wreathed smiles" the joy that was passing within on receiving the tokens of approbation. 