ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE "MORE MISREPRESENTATIONS." To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMEN,--Such is the title under which the leader of the Chronicle of Saturday last enters upon a notice of the letter which I addressed to you in the Herald of Thursday. I am not surprised at this title, as it so admira- bly describes the character of the Chronicle's reply. Borrowing a few words from that ar- ticle, I rejoin--we do not think it necessary to follow this writer, who, after all, is perhaps hardly worth notice; but as he makes a direct charge in one of his fine paragraphs, it may be as well to notice that. "This writer, it appears, does sometimes honour us by the perusal of our 'leaders.' Now, if he had read with attention, he would have seen what is the real doctrine of our Church on the subject of baptism, and in that case he would not, unless he also wished to misrepresent us, have written all the nonsense he has done--about the re-baptism of Messrs. Sconce and Makinson. He is altogether igno- rant of the matter, or he has knowingly and wil- fully misrepresented and distorted facts to serve a party purpose. That he is ignorant we do not believe, that he has purposely misrepresented we are convinced." I take the liberty of suggesting to this writer, that it would have been well for his intention in addressing "leaders" to Protestant eyes and minds, if he had been a little more explicit. The matter lies in a nutshell. I have been told, that Mr. Makinson was re-baptised in this colony, being at the time a clergyman of the Church of England, by a brother clergyman, who, I was also told, was Mr. Sconce, and I said, if so, his re-baptism as an adult by the Church of Rome was contrary to a regulation of that Church. There are facts on the contrary. What "party purpose" can there be in alluding to them? I have no "party purpose" to serve-- for I belong to no party. My object is to serve the Church of England only: and if I am "ignorant," I shall be thankful for instruc- tion, and so much the more on her account. It would be easy for the Chronicle to satisfy me and many others whether,-- 1stly, Mr. Ma- kinson was baptised by Mr. Sconce, or by any one else (for that is of no importance), being an adult; 2ndly, whether Mr. Makinson was again baptised after this, when he entered the Church of Rome; and 3rd, whether, if so, there is any "misrepresentation" in what I wrote about it. Of this I may inform the Chronicle, that if in any particular I am in error, it is not wilful error--I have neither "knowingly nor wilfully misrepresented or dis- torted any facts." If there be, on the other hand, any error in assuming the re-baptisation of an adult, who joins the Church of Rome, to be contrary to the ancient custom of the Church of Rome, the error arises in that Church herself; for my knowledge or "ignorance" is derived from the authorised treatises of Romish writers, who declare, that "a man being born of Christian parents, and having been brought up amongst Christians is so strong a pre- sumption that he has been baptised, that he ought not to be re-baptized even under condition, unless there are proofs from other circumstances that he has not received the sacrament." And a decree of the Council of Trent says, "If any one shall say that bap- tism, which is even given by heretics, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, with the intention of doing what the Church does, is not true baptism, anathema sit, let him be accursed." And the Augustinian canon extends this case to baptism by infidels and pagans, not themselves baptized. If this be "ignorance" it is no fault of mine; and if these be "misrepresentation," it is on the part of those authorities, who, making baptism by a heretic lawful and available, yet declare that a heretic ought not to be buried in churches or in ecclesiastical burial-grounds! The Chronicle says, grotesquely enough, that I belong to "the family of sleepers" and am "just awake,"--that I "must be either Cranmer, or Fox, or Proteus, or some old Pro- testant polemic, who, after a sleep of a century or two has just awoke, and by some unac- countable accident has turned up in Australia instead of in England, for it is clear that my theological ideas are quite antipodean." Sleepy, dreamy, or awake, I subscribe to this notion with all my heart. My theological ideas are antipodean, com- pared with what seems to be the rule in Australia -- and I can assure the Chronicle they are likely to remain so. With the same autho- rities which Cranmer and Fox possessed as to what the Church of Rome has held--does hold--and must hold--(unless she ceases to claim infallibility and unchangeableness as her characteristics), I shall not require to read with attention the decrees of Dr. Polding or the leaders of the Chronicle, on the subject of baptism, nor shall I be so sleepy as to close my eyes to the attempt that the Church of Rome is making to induce Protestants to believe that she is changed from what she ever was, being persuaded from history, that if she speaks in winning tones and gentle whispers (as in the review of Mr. Walsh's sermon), it is to entrap the dreamers, and that she can still play Boanerges with those who, having listened to the voice of the charmer till they have surren- dered their Christian liberty and independence, find no place of repentance and no means of return. "Read what Catholics have to say for themselves, and you will assuredly become converts," is a wor- thy ending, no doubt, of the review above mentioned. But I would rather recommend the good folks for whose special benefit the ending of that review was penned and put, most appropriately, in italics, to read Lessing's Fabeln, i.e., if they understand German; and, if not, the English version of Father Æsop will do as well: for in the latter they will find the interesting history of the way in which the fox made love to the crow, for the sake of the cheese, and how the wolf tried to get into the house left in charge of the kid, all which and many other equally pretty parables, will furnish a key to Dr. Polding s present position in the siege now laid to the heart of the Rev. Mr. Walsh. PRO REGE, LEGE, GREGE March 11, 1848. P.S. There are one or two typographical errata in my former letter, which I will beg the reader to correct for himself, to save trouble. 