GERALDINE. A .TALE OF CONSCIENCE. 'VOL. 111. CHAP. I.II. (Ca?rnsTMAs Eva.in a Catholic church was well .calculated to inspire our heroine with the tenderest sentiments of devotion. She would not permit a single regret, or it would have arisen at being .obliged -to kneel in a tribune, instead of being amogat the poor on such a night, when, rejected !from the.inn, the blessed Mary, in cold and poverty., gave to the world its Saviour in the rude stable of Bethlehem. .It was the .first time slhe had ever •known of the three Christmas masses,- the first at -midnight, in the honour of Christ's temporal birth •from His sacred mother ; the -second,'in honour of -His spiritual birth in the hearts of His Elect; and -the third, in honour of his future advent-in glory. The first mass Geraldine heard and offered in pre ,paratlon for holy communion, which, with her father, she received at -the-second mass.; the third was offered in thanksgiving. It was the first time .also, that she had ever received the blessed sacra ment with her beloved father, and joy of the.holiest :filial nature swelled her heart, and drew -the-silent -tears down.her cheek. This joy of her heart -con tinued, during a considerable time, to banish sorme vague but painful feelings, which had begun to-take .a more decided place in her mind, and of which the renewed sociabilities of the -season, afforded a" re c urrence. - Geraldine all but-idolized her father, and -much that-was flattering to the human heart, was -engaged in this devotion. She was proud of his martial air, his noble bearing, his rare but speaking smile, and the varied charms of his conversation. -She also knew that she was the one object of his .care and 'love; and that had she not been his .daughter, he would still have given her his appro bation. In truth, General Carrington was equally proud as fond of his brilliant yet tender child, and this had seemed to be strengthened by the circum -stance which had threatened to weaken, if not to destroy-it, her becoming a Catholic. In the Catho Jic society, whlch'they now enjoyed in Rome, the ardour of her religious -feelings, and the previous learned investigation which authorised them, were spoken of by him within her hearing, -either with encomlum, or wvith a smiling rebuke, which would invite the praise of .others; and she could scarcely .comptehend' how he could desire, that from being the interesting convert to the one only Church, ca ressed, and applauded in the circle of Catholics at athe soir'.?s of the Contessa C- , she was, the eathi night, at the later parties of the Protestant leaders .of the English fashionables, strictly to keep the secret of her conversion. In any other city, it would,, perhaps, have been rare that the subject of religion should have been introduced into parties -formed merely for relaxation and amusement. But at Rome, the Church is everything; and the -idle •and frivolous, having no other topic of conversation must talk nonsense about things awful and mys serious.. - His mind, then', thought Geraldine, " the mind I have believed expanded to every aoble and' generous thought, can it be sullied and contracted by that false system of expediency, bhich cd)ifouuds truth with falsehood ? She dared not investigate farther, but, as we have said, pre fterred 'to dwell on the holy night of Christmas, and the re-assurance then given to her heart. From Christmas until Lent, the social gaiety con tinued. The Leonardjfamily were still in Rome, and, notwithstanding the little congeniality which ex isted on the most important points, there were motives to Induce, not only intimacy,but friendship. General Carrington and Colonel Leonard had, in early life, been really attached to each other, and naturally desired that their families should cordially unite: scarce a week passed without their meeting, and the wonders of Rome were, of course, the most obvious topics of conversation, but which were rendered as hazardous as obvious from the sarcastic vein of the young Charles and his sister, and the indignant spirit of our heroine. The aged Mrs. Leonard, however, from possess ing more experience, and more humility, was less prone to ridicule all that she did not understand. The kind partiality that she felt for Geraldine, in duced her to listen with attention to the explanations our heroine was ever willing to give. It was on the morning of the 17th of January, the festival of Saint Anthony, that the latter had to sustain ai attack, in which she was thankful to re ceive assistance from her friend the Abate. " Oh! my dear Miss Carrington," cried Miss Leonard, " we have just returned from the blessing of the horses, in the nameof Saint Anthony! You never witnessed anything so absurd. There were the poor animals, dressed out with ribbons, and finery of all kinds, and'not only horses, but cattle of all descriptions : and there stood the poor monk, with an immense bucket of holy water near him, into which he was constantly plunging his brush, and then sprinkling and blessing till he was quite exhausted, with his little skull-cap off and on every instant; I would have given anything if you had been there !" 461 was there," said Geraldine:' and though you did not see pur party, we saw yours behaving with great indecorum." • Oh 1" cried Augusta Leonard, throwing herself on a sofa, with fresh bursts of laughter,' in which her brother joined, ". who can forbear laughing at such folly P" "It'ppears to me," said Geraldine, " that the greatest folly is this constant repetition of surprise at the consistent faith of the Church." "But what good did all the blessing and sprink ling do the cattle, adid their owners," said Miss Leonard, !' when they left the good monk just as vicious and distempered, as when they came to him P" "That is indeed begging the question":' said Geraldine; "I do not believe that the cattle were so much so after the blessing as before. Do you re member the prayers we read together the other day-on the ceremony of blessing the element of water I" "I do not remember:' said Miss Leonard. " It is unfortunate," said Geraldine, " that your memory should not serve you better, when you cast ridicule on others. You are so much accus tomed to hear the words of the royal prophet, and of the three holy children, calling on things ani mate and inanimate to bless and extol their Creator, that you are not struck by it: but how much more incomprehensible is it to call on ' beasts and cattle to bless God, than for God to bless them P The same may be said of fire, air, earth and water, and all that are called upon to bless him, who made them, and pronounced them good. And how can you say that the priest blessed the cattle in the name of St. Anthony, when you are quite acquainted willh the invocation to the Holy Trinity in Latin, and your expert knowledge of Italian must have guided you to the rest; repeated as it was so often, it was impossible not to learn and retain the priest's bless ing. "Per intercessionem Beati Antonti Ahatis, hec animalia liberantur a malls, in nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti. Amen.' ' Through the intercession of the blessed Abbot Anthony, may these animals be delivered from evil, in the name of the Father,'the Son, and the IHoly.Ghost. Amen.' " " My dear," said Mrs. Leonard, "' read me the prayers used by the 'Roman Catholic Church for blessing the water. :Do they mean to give a sort of inferior baptism to the animals, and cast out from them the curse entailed on these inoffensive creatures by man's transgression P If so, I can enter much more into the ceremony, I shall be better able to judge, however, after listening to you." Geraldine fetched the Rev. Dr. Challoner's" In structions on the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church:' and read the form used for holy water. " The priest having signed himself with the sign of the cross, saying, "Our help is in the name of the Lord, the reply being, ' Who made heaven and earth,' proceeds to the blessing of the salt, which is to be mingled with the watei, saying, " I exorcise thee, O creature of salt, by the living "t God, by 'the true t God by the holy t God.: by that God, who, by the prophet Elisha, commanded thee to be cast into the water to cure its barrenness, thatthsou mayest by this exorcism be made beneficial to the faithful, and become to all them who make use of thee, healthful both to soul and body: and, that in what place soever thou shalt be sprinkled, all illusions and wickedness and crafty wiles of Satan may be chased away, and depart, from that place: and every unclean spirit commanded in His name who Is to come to judge the living and the dead, and the world by fire. Amen.' " " My dear," said Mrs. Leonard, "from what I understand of exorcism, this agrees perfectly with roy notion, that the curse entailed by Adam's fault on all creatures, requires to be removed before they can be ' bgood,' as God made them, and pronuunced them to.be." " Yes," said Geraldine, "for is 'iot exorcism the casting-out of evil spirits P and is not the permission of their evil agency the curse given on earth P 1 cannot presume to speak decidedly, but it seems to me, that I see clearly how the evil spirit has diffused itself over everything, and must be cast out. Still, that would not be suflicient; the creature is then, it is true, no longer the conductor of evil, but being merely harmless, cannot convey and direct blessing, unless the especial grace of God be diffused into it, and therefore, after thle exorcism, the following prayer is used. "' O Almighty and everlasting God, we most humbly implore thy infinite mercy, that thou wouldst vouchsafe by thy goodness to bless t and sanctify t this thy creature of salt which thou hast given for the useof mankind ; that it may be to all that take it for the health of mind and body, and that what ever shall be touched or sprinkled by it, may be freed from all impurity, and from all assaults of wicked spilrits, through our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.'" " I conclude, my dear," said the venerable lady, that" this previous blessing of the salt is necessary before it is put into tile water, but why cannotthe simple element suffmce P" " Indeed Ido not know," said Geraldine; " butis not salt frequently spoken of in Scripture, literally as well as mystically, as preserving from corrup tion P Our daily experience proves the former, and would enable the faithful to lay up a store of it; while, in Its mystical sense, It was employed by the prophet Elilha, by the command of God, as we have just sead. After this," continued Geraldine," the priest proceeds to the blessing of the water, first exorcising it thus : ,' I exorcise thee: 0 creature of water, in the name of God t the Father Almighty, and in the name of Jesus Christ his Son, our Lord, and in the virtue of the Holy t Ghost; that thou mayest by this exorcism have power to chase away all the power of the enemy: that thou mayest be enabled to cast him out, and put him to flight, with all his apostate angels, by the virtue of the same Jesus Christ, our Lord, who is to come to judge the living, and the dead,and the world by fire. Amen.' " Then follows the prayer. " '-0O God, who for the benefit of mankind hast made use of the element of water in the greatest sacraments, mercifully hear our prayers, and impart the virtue of thy blessing t to this element, prepared by many kinds of purifications; that this thy creature, made use of in thy mysteries, may recive .the effect of thy divine grace for the chasing away devils, and curing diseases : and that whatsoever shall be sprinkled with this water in the houses or places of the faithful, may be free from all impurity, and delivered from evil; let no pestilential spirit re side there: no infectious air, let all the snares of the hidden enemy fly away : and may whatever move the safety or repose of thie inhabitants of that place be put to flight by the sprinkling of this water, that the welfare which we seek by the invocation of thy holy name, may be defended from all sorts of assaults. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, &c.; Amen.' " Then the priest mingles the salt with the water, saying, ' May this salt and this water be mingled together, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy t Ghost. Amen.'. ' The Lord be with you.' ' And with thy spirit.' ' Let us pray.' " O God the author of invincible power, King of an empire that cannot be overcome, and for ever magnificently triumphant ; who restrainest the forces of the adversary, who defeated the fury of the roaring enemy, who mightily conquerest his malicious wiles; we pray and beseech thee, O Lord, with dread and humility, to regard with favourable countenance this creature of salt and water, to en lighten it with thy bounty, and to sanctify it with the dew of thy fatherly goodness ; that wheresoever it shall be sprinkled, all infestation of the unclean spirit may depart, and all fear of the venemous serpent may be chased away, through the invoca tion of thy holy name; and that the presence of the Holy Ghost may be every where with us, who seek thy mercy through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.' " ' The blessing being ended, the priest sprinkles himself and the people with this water, saying,' Thou shalt sprinkle me, O Lord, with hyssop and I shall be cleansed; thou shalt wash me, and I shall be made whiter than snow.' The whole psalm ' Miserere' is then said : ' Have mercy on me, O God, according to thy great mercy,' &c.;, followed by the' Gloria Patria,' and the repetition of the anthem, * Thou shalt sprinkle.' Then returning to the altar he says V. ' O Lord, show us thy mercy.' A. ' And grant us thy salvation." V. ' O Lord, hear my prayer.' A. ' And let my cry come unto thee.' V.' The Lord Lord be with you.' A. * And with thy spirit.' , Let us pray.' " Hear us, O Holy Lord, Almighty Father, everlasting God, and vouchsafe to send thy holy angel from heaven, to guard, cherish, protect, visit, and defend all that dwell in this habitation. Amen.'" Just as our heroine finished reading the last prayer, Miss Leonard, who had retired from weari ness, into a farther room with her young brother, joined them again, on hearing the Abate Zaccaria announced ; but her grandmother stopped her pleasantries, and informed her that she saw no ab surdity, nor superstition, in blessing cattle, houses, fire, water, or anything used by man especially; and both she and Geraldine appealed to the Abate to authorise this belief, if it were with a view to remove from them the curse on all creation. The Abate, nodding assent to this remark of Geraldine, here observed-" The religious policy of our Holy Church, is to induce its members to mix up, with every business and occupation of life, the remem brance of the end for which they and all creatures were formed. Hence the pious Catholic hails these blessings, ceremonies, and thanksgivings over crea tures, as mementos of the goodness of God, who gave them as aids to that spirit of inward recollections that he is constantly striving to keep up, and as lessons of the use, for which they were designed; bearing in mind the words of St. Paul, ' For every creature is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.'" (1 Tim.iv. 5.) "Pray, Abate'," cried Charles Leonard, "has the present Pope made many saints P Is hlie as fond of dubbing his knights spiritual, as our good king his knights temporal, God bless him P"' " I have been told'," said the Abate smiling, "that Protestants suppose us to believe, that the Pope can, by certain pious ceremonies, make a saint out of a sinner, and that the canonization of a saint is thel act of sending him straight to heaven. " And what does it mean P' said Mrs. Leonard. "The process of canonization'," said the Abate, ' is the collecting from witnesses, proofs of holiness of life, and miraculous gifts, sufficient to authorise the belief that God has wrought the perfect sanctity of his servant, and received him into glory. It has caused the admiration and surprise of many learned Protestants, to witness the caution and rigour, with which these testimonies are examined. But that which, after the most laborious and rigorous exami nation, with continued prayer for the light of the Holy Spirit, is pronouncedon by the Church tardily, and at long intervals, is decided at once with care less benevolence in the Protestant community. All who are not flagrant sinners go straight to heaven, all enter immediately into glory, all therefore are saints." After this day our lheroine had no prolonged dis cussions with any one during the gay season of the Carnival, and only some skirmishes occurred be tween herself and her Protestant friends, st the nu merous parties given by the English residents. In these scenes Geraldine was for a while amused, but her former uneasiness again stole over hler,altlhough she would not own to herself that she had any cause for it, beyond her own too fondly engrossed affection for her father; till at length a circumstance oc curred by which it became evident to her that hlie de manded a policy in liher conduct which jarred against the open.rectitude of helir mind. In fact, General Carrington possessed thnit disposition which, was the moet calculated to mislead for a while antd then deeply wound the confiding but inflexibly up right Geraldine. The grandeur of Iisi speculations, the loftiness of his abstract decisions, the magnani mity of his theories, would make her heart expand with ,joy and gratitude, at the congeniality there existed between them ; while the whispered confiden tlal sentiments of timid policy-of expediency-of tricking a world that deserved no better-of flat tering a fool that you might gain him-of keeping a friend as long as he was useful-and many other expressions which dropped from him at times when less on his guard, Geraldine received as a jest, or to raise some little amicable skirmish, in which he should prove her sentiment ; and it was not until repeated proofs had been given her, that she opened her eyes to the want of moral courage. which had produced as it ever must, a want of moral integrity in the character of her father. And who can describe the desolation of Geraldine's heart, when it was forced to yield to the stern con viction of her understanding-when, after shrinking from the truth, it forced its imperative way - when at length she weighed his character in the balance, and it was found wanting. Some hours passed of blank unmingled anguish, apart from any thought of herself ; but then arose the question of filial obe dience for the future. " I cannot deceive even for his sake ; I cannot compromise the truth-but am I then destined to stand alone P' thought she. " Is the beautiful, the feminine, the humble virtue of obedience, which I have hitherto loved to exercise to wards him-is that to be rendered a thing of doubt, of caution, of deliberate choice P Am I to be once more the independent Geraldine P Yes, be it so ! for, after long metaphysical inquiries, we must all return to the simple rudiments of our faith ; a Ca tholic child is taught in its early catechism " to obey its parents in all that is not sin." Our pri mary duty is towards God-and God is truth. That evening Geraldine accompanied her father to a fete, given by the celebrated Italian banker, Tor loni, where the company was almost entirely com posed of English. Our heroine was pale and grave, but her father appeared to be entirely engrossed by the expected appointment, of which he had been long solicitous, to the-Islands. He read aloud, while in the carriage, part of a letter from his friend Sir - , just recieved, through the English ambassador's bag, giving all but a final answer, and added, as they ascended the staircase of the Conte Torloni's brilliantly illuminated palazzo, " Geraldine, you will see several of the English military to-night, and amongst them General Sir Thomas Oskway, who is spoken of for this very appointment; remember, not a word about religion ; let them continue to think me the same General Carrington they knew in Spain, which in truth I am ; a man is not bound to be the public crier of his private opinions. Do you hear me, Geraldine P" " I do, papa." replied she. But she was not re quired to make any comment on what she heard, for they were now greeted in the first saloon of re ception by the kind Contessa, who had taken care to arrive early ; and the General, after many grateful acknowledgements, left his daughter to her charge. This was the last party our heroine was compelled to attend; and from this time till the season of Lent, General Carrington took his evenings' amusement independently of her. Geraldine having obtained this favour, redoubled her endeavours to make her father's home agreeable to him, and it was not until the Shrove Tuesday that anything occurred to wound her afresh. On that evening they entertained a large party; .Geraldine tried to be happy, and certainly appeared so; all was calculated to please the heart that had not known better and dearer joys; but such was no longer the heart of Geraldine. At length the com pany dispersed, with the exception of a few Protest ant English, and the nightclosed with much sportive anticipation of the " Papal shows" of Easter, and an especial display of wit on the subject of the Blessed Virgin and the saints, during which the General smiled,and our heroine, finding that site dared not explain or defend her faith, left the room, and retired to rest. In doing this site not only believed herself to be acting with discretion and prudence, but that her father would greatly applaud her : however, on the following day, after the solemn service of Ash Wednesday, when the private hours of penitential devotion were over and the one permitted repast had been taken, General Carrington reproved her for giving way to her feelings before Protestants; assuring her that the best plan was to let them say and do exactly as they pleased ; that their folly could injure neither our Blessed Lady, nor the rest of the saints : " besides," added he, " Iliad my own reasons for wishing them to believe us to be like themselves, and so I still wish, if it be possible, till the affair of the islands be settled. And for this reason, if Lady or Miss Oskway call on you during Lent, receive them cheerfully, as one of themselves, and throw in your little jokes about miracles and relics of saints ; they are innocent enough ; a person may be a good Catholic without believing in any of these things. Will you do so Geraldine P"' * For your sake, papa," said she, "I will not mention that you are a Catholic, and I will not, unless I am asked, say that I am one." " But this is not enough," said the General. " It is too mudch I" cried Geraldine, in one of her bursts of long-repressed emotion. " Did you ima gine that in becoming a Cathlolib all the moral qua lities of my character, and all the powers of my soul and intellect, would not become Catholic also P Did you hope to see me doubting, fearing, cringing, prevaricating before scoffers, when the glorious privileges of the Church were opened to me P That, enrolled by my baptism and confirmation into the communion of saints, I should admit them only on private occasions, and when secure from intrusion, as worldlings do their poor and shabby relations P If so, you may well be disappointed ! English Ca tholics, of these days of psuedo liberality, may expect me to forget that Jesus Christ promised his Church that hier children should, in his name, and by his power, work miracles even greater than those hie Ihad performed while on eattlh. They may hope that I shall give some Ingenious turn to ths con versation when these miracles are recounted-but no! Silence is all I can yield to filial obedience. My father will not ask for more !" Geraldine fell on hier knees, and the General. who next to Protestant ridicule dreaded a scene, raised hier kindly, soothed her with the assurance that ihe had only spoken in raillery, and a reconciliation was effected. (Tu be continued.) 