THE GOVERNOR'S MINUTE. WE pass over several preliminary paragraphs of the Governor's Minute, and come at once to the following one, immediately after the announcement of his intention to submit the Estimates for 1849 : " I shall also lay before you a Supplementary Estimate for the present year, which will include certain charges which were not foreseen At the time when the original Estimates were prepared, and which I lay before you now in order to obtain your sanction of an outlay which, in certain instances, has been, or will be unavoidable." It becomes again necessary for us to repeat the particular fact of the Estimates for 1848, submitted to the Council by the Lieutenant-Governor, having been rejected by that body, in consequence of which he withdrew those Estimates, but refused to adopt others submitted in their stead by the unofficial members. How, therefore, the Council can be asked to pass a Supplementary Estimate, in addition to Estimates which were never passed, but which were rejected as extravagant, we are at a loss to comprehend or to reconcile with common prudence. There having been no Estimates passed for the present year, the Lieutenant- Governor has carried on the expenditure upon his own responsibility. He now asks for a Supplementary Estimate. Supplementary to what ? To the Estimates submitted by himself? These were rejected. The request is tantamount to asking the Council to commit an act of self-stultification, for the Council can have nothing to do with an Estimate avowedly supplementary to Estimates which they themselves have rejected. But the cream of the joke consists in the modest demand for an Estimate Supplementary to Estimates which have been rejected on account of their extravagance. This supplement is an additional salve. It is to be something like the Doubts Act; it is to cure all past, present, and future errors of omission or commission in the expenditure for the year. It is as much as to say" You have rejected the Estimates I submitted to you as being too high ; nevertheless, I shall now show you that I have even exceeded those Estimates, and want your vote to cover whatever excess has already taken or may take place." It is thus intended to give a species of recognition to Estimates which have no existence which have become what the Colonial Secretary would call the ghost, or departed spirit, of an Esti- mate. We think that, under existing circumstances, the proper course would have been to have abided the decision of the Secretary of State before proposing Estimates even for the ensuing year. In the event of the Governor's Estimates being rejected, and his refusal to adopt those presented to him for adoption by the dissenting members, he is directed to forward both home for the decision of the Secretary of State. Has this course been followed ? We suspect that it has not, and that the Estimates for 1849 are presented solely with the view of extinguishing the recollection of those for 1848. Both will most probably be forwarded to the Secretary of State together, and the difference of 1848 will be represented as more than counterbalanced by the assent of the Council in 1849. Thus Schedule A. in the new Representative Bill will be more likely to preserve all large salaries undiminished : as for the small fry the Government care not what injustice is meted out to them and indeed such indiscriminate havoc has already been made in the subordinate ranks connected with the Home Government, that the people will regard with proper jealousy any attempt on their part to impose upon the colony an enormously disproportioned civil list, after the miserable spirit of false parsimony and injustice betrayed by their representatives in this colony. There has been already some discussion about the year 1847. On reference to the Finance Minute for that year, read by Sir Eardley-Wilmot, we find the following paragraphs : " I wish particularly to draw your attention to one point in the formation of tin Estimates of 1847 which is of great importance, and which will obviate the practice heretofore adopted, of passing a Supplementary Vote in every year for the unforeseen and miscellaneous expenses of the year preceding, which have generally been to a large amount. " You will observe that I have placed in each Department at part of its expenditure, WON allowances which have been hitherto, charged Among the Miscellaneous items. I had a twofold object in view in this in ranges went to show what are the real expenses of the Department itself, and to keep such expenses within a fixed limit. " It has been always the practice to leave the great and necessary charges for various public works, and miscellaneous items not referable to any particular Department, the nature and extent of which cannot be accurately calculated on, to be placed in a Schedule by themselves after they have been incurred, and to be passed by a Supplies mentary Vote in the ensuing year. " Now if, instead of leaving these charges for a Supplementary Vote in the succeeding year, a vote of credit had been taken sufficient to clear their amount, and an account of the expenditure had been laid before the Council for the purpose of its being passed, no excess beyond the authorised Estimates, either real or apparent, would have been shown. " It is, therefore, in order to simplify and make more clear the financial arrangements of the Colony, that I have adopted the plan of enumerating among the Miscellaneous items all those expenses which hitherto have been left to be passed by a Supplementary Vote in the year after they had been incurred, and thus the apparent increase of expenditure beyond authorucd appropriations will be avoided." Yet, notwithstanding: these very plain paragraphs, and notwithstanding the fact that those Estimates were considerably reduced in their progress through the Council, it will yet be found that they were exceeded by some £14,000 or £15,000 at the termination of the year. If we mistake not, the Local Government re-created the departments abolished, and actually issued allowances negatived by the Council. Nor should we forgot to state that the allowance of £800, which is the prescribed allowance given to Governors of this colony on their retirement from office, was refused to Sir Eardley-Wilmot 1 