PENRITH ADDRESS. (Per favour of Sydney Chronicle,) To Messrs. B. L. Watson, G. Cos, Copland Lethbridge Dr. Clarke. &c.;, Penrith. Sirs, I notice in the Sydney Herald, which reached this place to-day, a manifesto put forth by you; it does not bear the name of any individual; -hence I am obliged to address this communication as above. You Church of England Protestants are always very abusive; but in the present instance your language is really worse, You say that " the Church of England is a true and living branch of Christ's Holy Catholic Church." I ask you, gen tlemen, how this can be P Parker was the first bishop of the Protestant Church of England - he was created by Elizabeth, by supreme royal autho rity, " such being the necessity of the case and the urgency of the times.-Ryns. 15, 340. See also Lingard. note 1, p. 350. Your " true and living branch," &c.; therefore, is " a branch" of no other church whatever-the homilies of the Church of England proclaim that for 800 years previous to the Protestant Reformation the whole of Christen dam was sunk in Idolatry. Now, if you are to take these homilies as your guide, it is perfectly clear that your church is no continuation of any church either Catholic or schismatical. Could the trunk be rotten and its " branch" be sound P or can the fountain be filthy and its stream pure ! Could the Catholic Church confer on her rebellious subjects that which she did not in their own estimation pos sess herself P You may assure yourselves, gentle men, that the founders of the Church of England overshot the mark when they concocted her ho milies. You must know that the word " holy" is applied to either holy persons or things. Were the founders of the Protestant Church holy P I begin with Henry VIII, Was he holy !-were Edward, and Elizabeth, and Somerset, and Leicester, and Cromwell, and Parker, and Cranmer so ! Was that church established by holy means P Was it holy to plunder and destroy altars and tabernacles, and vessels consecrated to the Divine Service, and to destroy and pillage and pull down and blow up with powder, cathedrals and churches, and hospitals, erected for the Divine Worship, and the use of the poor of the Lord P-And you must know also, that Catholic means universal in time, place, and faith; has your " living and true branch" always been; Is it even now every where P nay, is it not chiefly confined to England and her colonies P I take it that coming forward with your address, you merely follow others. You Protestants are eternally talking of Catholics being blind-eyed, while in truth you yourselves are about the most blind eyed people on the face of the earth. I protest to heaven, that if there was nothing else in Church of England Protestantism to deter me from embracing it; but its blundering and plundering I would avoid it as a pestilence. I have just stated that you merely follow in the wake of others, for how else can you account or your fully in designating the Church in com- munion with the See of Rome,-the everlasting Church of Christ,-" superstitious and idolatrous.' I am aware that most of you are great readers of Scripture, and, without pretending to pass sen tence on any man, I greatly fear that you read in vain. In that Scripture you will find a Church spoke of, " which hath not spot or wrinkle, but is holy and without blemish,"-which " is the House of the living God, and the pillar, and ground of truth," and against which "the gates of hell shall not prevail ;" you will likewise hear the same Church spoke of in the Apostle's, Athanasian, and Nicene Creeds, Messrs. Sconce and Makinson have read the Scriptures, and in them have discovered the Church foretold by the Prophets, and preached by the Apostles; and have, moreover, entered that Church, yet, for exercising their reason, and adopt ing what the Protestant Church so vauntingly extol, these gentlemen are denounced without mea- sure in addresses, and answers to addresses. Ca- lumny and persecution have always been the thief weapons wielded by Protestants, without these that luluriant fabric could have never gained an ex- istence-its pride, and wealth, and pomp and power has no rival, while its external attraction resembles the polished sepulchres described by the Divine Founder of Christianity, and. its Internal frame- work is moulding to pieces. The gentlemen whom you denounce, appear to have taken the advice of the great St. Augustine, who, in addressing persons like them, exclaimed-" If you think you have been' sufficiently tossed "about, and wish to see an end to your anxieties, follow the rule of Catholic discipline which came down to us through the Apostles from Christ himself, and which shall descend from us to the latest posterity."-De Util: c. 8. I conclude, gentlenmen, by entreating you also to follow this advice. You can have little security in the Pro- testant Church, and the same St. Augustine will tell you that "all the-assemblies, or rather divisions, who call themselves Churches of Christ, but which its fact have separated themselves from the congrega- tion of unity, do not belong to the true Church; they might belong to her, if the Holy Ghost could be divided against Himself, but as this Is impossible, they do not belong- to her."-De Verb. Dorn. Serm. ii. But, gracious God, how well dost thou provide. For erring judgments an unerring guide; But her alone for my director take, Whom thou hast promised never to forsake." I am, gentlemen, Your obedient servant, A LAY CATHOLIC. 