LITTLE SPOTS ON GREAT MEN. ' Wiiat a piece of work is man '.'Shakipcare. Goldsmith m vain, personally vain; and in simplicity, so muck ' a child,' tbat -n company he wai over tbe unconsoiom butt ; found one day alone, boning and scraping, and making all manner of gestures before a lookioggiass. Thomson v»* a lazy fellow. A lady observed to Dr. JoUoioo that the could clearly discern the ex istence of three personal habits in tbe author of ' Tlie Seasons ;' — viz., ' given to early rising, bulbing, and sofcriety.' Answer. — ' Thomson, roy lady, is seldom out of ted before nine — he never battled in tits life; be will, indeed, rise from tbe tavern, but only when bi» last guinea hit vanished.' And tben for the doctor himself — Johnson. — The Leviathan consulted the direotion of SifcJiS and straws and stones, in certain things lie bad to do. The slick or draw, tbis way, do it; ibe stick or straw tbat nay, do it not. Tbe profound lexicographer had odd wayi also in coming in and going out of Ilia door, carefully treading on certain spots, and as carefully evading others. Friday was an unlucky day wUU tbe great moralist. Tbe author of the ' ltsmbler' bad, too, all along, a remarkable concern, amounting to horror, of death. The pe dantry of tbis wonderful scholar was, at times, highly diverting. At the tale of Mr. Tfarale's brewery and utensils foow Biralay, PerJcini and Co., London), Johnson, who wai executor, was bnstiiog about with an ink-horn. Some one ailed him what he tbonght tbe property wonld fetch ?i ' Sir,' isid Jobnion, -? we are here to tell, not; merely a quantity of .rats and barrels, but the pa-i tentUiity of growing rich beyond the dream of avarice. \ Cowper— unhappy, gentle Cowper! He was; nervous. Let me ssy no bartber a thing of tbis ?sreet— tbii becrenly writer. Tlie strain* of tbis! afflicted snan are at dew upon parched humanity. ; Pope was »n exceedingly pert and arrogant per-! ?onoge. Pope; — though great at ? poet and tram-: lator — happened to be ? t«v little tnd somewhat deformed man. Wishing to put down ? young gentleman of some literary pretensions, be impu dently asked Iiiib if be know what a note of inter-, rogation was! 'Yes, Sir; it is a little crooked: thing that aikta question,' wai tbe biting answer. Aodison — classic — moral _ religious Addison, wai— not - tee-totaller ! At ibis tUy, lie would be dabbed a drunkard outright. Addison had a titled woman for a wife, and ' my lady1' bad a temper. The author of the '? Spectator Papers, on the Im mortality of Ibe soul,' wai went to get out of tbe way of ' my lady' and ber broils, into «ome quiet comer, where tbis accomplished writer, at, once declined ' U«or,' tnd no through Ibe whole con-; jugation of ' Bibo.' It might be that his glorious ' Vision of Mirza' rose on one oftbeie occasions; if so, we owe something to ' my lady.' : SWIFT was an obscene fellow ; and so, for all his genius was— Sterne. What a brace of Divines to be sure ! Look at their volumes. Here, a brutal expression, there, a prayer. There a sermon; here something to abominably obscene.that the hide ous or nauseous meaning is indicated by a first and last letter; and, in the case of Sterne, at times, by a' whole blank page ? But I am doing mischief here I am inviting attention to bad 'men, and to bad books 1 have often thought that if these men had not been in holy orders, they would have failed to attain the celebrity they did, but it was something, the people imagined, to see a bold and open obscenity flutter in dignified canonicals. A ' very reverend' black- guard, and a prebendal bawd. As to Sterne, even in his graver writings, his very sermons, a broad, farcical, mountebank humour frequently peeps right out. There is a peculiar beauty, at times, in the style of Sterne, but examine it well, and it will be found that his excellence lay wholly in an imitative power. Whea Sterne aimed at greatness, be took up the sacred style, and especially that touching portion of it we find in Ibe Book of Ruth ; some parts of the history of Joseph, &c.; But Sterne, — with all his profligacy and all his excellence as a writer, is now all but forgotten ;and so with his ghost ly and obscene brother.Swift. At York, where Sterne held a prebend, and where he spent much of his lime, there is jet an almost living recollection of his oddities. And from what 1 have been able to gather in that city about 'this strange clergyman, it appears tbat tbe great feat of ills congregations was the main tenance of their gravity while be offioialed. It it said there, too, that Sterne put forth his ' Sentimental journey' in order to command attention to his ' sermons,' and that he used to say, the world would never be in a condition to receive him as a Divine, until he had first administered to it a plentiful dose of vice and folly. Garrick— with all his ostentation— wai known to be a miser, Fooleand the English Rosiut wore one day walking Ity the tank* of some river, Garrick askett :bis companion if he liiooglit itpos, sible to to throw a guinea, ibat it should skip w- the ?nrface to the other tide. Foote answered, tbat be knew no person so likeiy for the feat as himself, for certainly ' no man odold make a guinea go tardier.' Burns, popr fellow, waa tbe victim of neglect, and to be eveD with Ibe world, he neglected him self. Alas I for poor Burns ! They fobbed him up that be was a 'great man, but tbe poor fellow was starring all the while. He asked for bread; and tbey gave him a atone. And they let him die before be, got even ?that. Tiieu rose statues and monu ments in grateful Scotland, in all directions/to her clever, certainly clever, ver*i6er. Soot lie is muni ficent enough, only *' just have the goodness to die fir«t.' '?;,'.': -. ? ? .' '? :'' Fielding ???' loow in' principle; ever in deep, disgraoefal debt, heedless bow be got io or ou( of it. Asc.ham (Roger)— An eminent Ulioist and »a thor, in tbe time of Queen Elizabeth — Io whom, when Princess Elizabeth, be was tutor; waa an in Tolerate cock fighter, and be wrote a treatise io defence of Ibe diversion, which he celled ' Toxu philns.' Bacon (Lord Chancellor) was a judge who took bribes. Yet ibis if one of the -most illustrious names in history : this eminent man gave way to the extra vagance of bis wife anddangblers and was lost, liia wife lied a fancy among otber things for many ser vants and much parade. Bacon was passing through an ante-chamber in the House of Lords, where his numerous suite were in wailing. On the Chancel Jor's approach they all rose, ' Sit down, my master*' he said, ?' Your rise hatb been my jail.' HoOKER(Eoot. Polity). This learned tnatTivas cre dulous as a child. Indeecl tie #bs a child io every thing except when among his M. S. S. His land lady in London where be lodged on his occasional visits there, a very low woman, acluliy persaaded Hooker to iuarry her daughter. Hooker who was grateful for some attentions lie had received at this house while he was ill, and from lbe arllul girl in particular, actully married tbe drab on her mother'* recommendation. The girl, now Mrs. Hooker, 'wife to p'erhaps \he most learned ttfan in 'Europe, Turned virago all at once and plagued the miserable scholar to tbe end of bis life. On lbe appearance of bit Etc clesiastical Polity, Hooker's fame spread far end wide. The most eminent men of the day were eager to pay their respeott to him in person at his own learned retreat. But it was lbe retreat also of a noisy insulting vixen, and tbe unhappy man, unable to still the noise of the woman, was comptttled to receive his guests *t tbe village ale li'ooie, or in liis garden ; any where bat wbere she was. Hooker's pre ferment waa. at Bisbopsboarne, 3 miles from Canter bury. The site of oor college tereib V.D.L., is thua associated witb lbe memory of Ibis learned upholder of church ceremonies. Saunderson (Nicholas) — tbe blind Lncasian Professor at Cambridge, and vtntnge to »y, lecturer at that university on Light and ooloura ; bud a babit of deep awearing. Sauoderson wai suspected of Atheism. Winston (the translator of Josepbni) waa bis predecessor in the chair at Cambridge, and Wiiii ton forfeited tbe chair in consequence of a learning towards Unitarianism ; hence it waaiaid tbatWbiston lost his aeat because he believed fcutio one God, and Sauoderson wai pot into it, who believed in no God ?tall! LiAUD -,aopj, was a great man -- oner b sort. Laud was a magnificent ceremony — as ecclesiastical panorama, or sacerdotal shew, bnt a great abew. Yet Laud with all bis pictorial loftiness could atoop won derfully low when tbe haniour was opon him. In hia day XCbarles I) it waa the fashion to bate a li censed fool, or jester, at court; tbe Chaplains Royal had been accastomed to have an aanpBl entertain, ment (dinner) given thorn on come occasion, I forget wbat. This, Land pnt ? atop to for a time. It was, however, revived, and ml the first dinner given to tbeae Chaplain* after tbe prohibition, Grace wai said by tbe jester in these biting terms, ' Give God the praise, and little laud to the .Devil.' (The Pri mate was ? little man.) Tbe Intense heat here thrown upon the word 'Laud' and iu adjective though, the whole may be innocently rendered, threw the Hierarchical chief quite beside himself, and for ' answering its High Priest so,' be doubled upon tbe unhappy fool the punishment of Malchos of old. Liud bad both the ear* of the jester cropped off. BvBONwasa proud, supercilious, ttnmoralcoxopoib. Byron had - gorgeous bnt diseased imagination at tbe servioe of vice, and the oblation was gratefully acknowledged by ber children. Nearly all classes of tbe people) were, for a time, fasciniated by the pow er of this writer into Ibe open profession of a loose morality. Many aince have opened their eyei at the real influence of the man, and walked off with the lit tle atock of proper feeling remaining, At present Byron is on the shelf, except thai be Gndi bis way, now and then, into the Aibnm of a milliner's girls, or barmaids, and that be is quoted, with some enthusi asm indeed by growing youths, imaginative apprenti ces Bnd knights and ladies of the yard-stick. Some one has set this writer op against 'Sbakespere. Uul the blaze of Ibe ' Wandering Star/' is all bnt out, wbile Ibe light of Sbakespere will barn for ever sod ever. Aliquis. Avogi, March 11. 