A GENUINE GHOST STORY. AN APPARITION OF 1842-3-4-5. IT was in the lovely autumn of 1843 : Augustus Snobleigh was sitting shirt sleeves, reading " Whistling... a Master." He was practising some of the most difficult airs : the window was open and circle of admiring boys were spell-bound around his window by the melody of his notes. The night was sultry : an hour's severe study of " The Earth is a Toper" had made Augustus thirsty": he rose from his fauteuil, and ordered a bottle of wine, "merely," as he said, " to wet his whistle." The servant had just left the room, when I heard the cry of " Be-er !" I knew by that it must be eight o'clock. There was no light in the room, save the dancing rays of a gas lamp opposite, that gambolled like " a creature of light" on our carpet green. Augustus proposed a cigar ; I cheerfully consented. His box, how- ever, was empty ; I volunteered to fetch some. He seemed reluctant that I should leave him. "Wait," he said, nervously, " till the servant returns." I laughed at his fears, and in a moment had turned the corner of the street. When I returned, there was no one in the room. I called " Augustus" in my loudest voice; I whistled ; I looked in the turn-up bedstead; I inquired of the servant ; of the policeman ; at the nearest public-house ;- but all in vain. I sat down in despair, and smoked my cigar alone. The hours rolled on ; but no tidings of my friend. I finished the bottle, and left at twelve o'clock ; but, dreading the worst, I wrote my address on a fly-leaf of the " Whole Duty of Man," and gave it to the servant, as I had a presentiment Augustus would require bail before morning. **** Three months had elapsed, when I met Augus- tus Snobleigh one night, at half- price at the Adelphi. He was looking anything but well ; I ventured to inquire the cause. " I have left my lodgings again," he said in a desponding voice. " This makes the fourth time this year ; I cannot endure this life much longer, I tell you what, my dear, boy," he whispered into my ear," if these sort of visits continue, I am afraid to say what will become of me;" and saying this, he squeezed my hand with all the affectionate tightness of former years, and hurriedly disappeared in the slips. ***** The next time I saw him was at Greenwich fair. He looked haggard, but I thought that might be the effect of the dust. He tried to whistle some of his favourite tunes, but his lips faltered as soon as he saw that my eye was upon him. " He has been to me again," he said, with a loud laugh, but despair, too plainly at the bottom of it, " but I have baffled him, I think, this time. I am safe from his visits now. I have taken lodgings in the Exeter 'Change Arcade." As he said this he looked at me triumphantly, expecting I should compliment him on his ingenuity. " But who is it that haunts you in this way," I inquired tremblingly. " An apparition," he said, "which pursues me from place to place. He follows me like a fiend. I cannot avoid him. Let me go where I will, he is sure to fine me out." I told him it was only an optical delusion. He got angry at this, and asked me impetuously if I thought he was mad. I considered it better not to answer this question, so t asked him where he was lodging now. He gave me his address, after extracting from me a promise not to show it to a living person, and invited me to sup with him the following night. I went, of course. I was too eager, to learn the issue of this frightful mystery, which had been involved in darkness for the last two years. Poor Augustus! If the face is really the index of the mind, then it sometimes lays bare a deplorable list of contents. The index of my friend seemed to contain nothing but a melancholy chapter of accidents. I could read every feature as plainly, as if it had been set up in the largest type, lt spoke volumes of unpublished romance. He pressed me to partake of some bread and cheese, and ale ; but I had no appetite, no thirst save for tlie particulars of his troubled life. We were quite alone. He drew his chair close to mine, and, slightly coughing, began thus : " Charles, i believe you are my friend." I nodded. " Listen then to me, and throw every doubt, as you would a bad cigar, far away from you. For the last three years I have. been troubled with an apparition. Start not, for it is only at stated times that it troubles me. I saw it first in Union-street, in the Borough ; it called upon me in the evening ; it said, in a tone I can never forget, ' Your name is Augustus Snobleigh!" It then spoke to me about my resources, and reminded me, in a solemn voice, of certain obligations I bad neglected to discharge. I was frightened, and endeavoured to laugh it off; but shortly afterwards, some three months perhaps, the same vision haunted me again. It was dressed exactly alike, spoke in the same harsh unnatural tone, but looked more sternly at me: it actually threatened that, if I did not obey its injunctions, and that speedily, ' I should hear from it again !' Too faithfully has it kept its word ! I changed my lodgings ; the same apparition followed me: I then went to an opposite part of the town ; again was I haunted by it. Let me go where I would \- and I have tried every parish in the metropolis but I was always doomed to see it. Some- times I thought I had eluded its baneful vigilance -five months, perhaps, would elapse without a visit - but at last the hateful figure would be sure to cross my path, and I had to fly afresh. It haunts me everywhere. I have taken refuge in this lonely spot, but I expect to see it every day, I am safe no where. It is the plague-spot of my life ; it embitters my whole existence, and I only tremble lest some day, in a moment of weakness, I should succumb to it, and then I am lost - lost \- lost - forever!" ' Here Augustus buried his head in the ale-jug, and did not speak for five minutes. After con- siderable emotion he passed me the jug, but the poor fellow had drained it completely dry. As he raised his head off his heaving breast, he started violently to his feet, and clasping his forehead with one hand, and covering his eyes with the other, shrieked, in a voice of the wildest despair, " See, it is here ! It haunts me even now. Oh ! i this is too much !" He was rivetted to the floor : his eyes flashed fire ; his whole face was lighted up with rage. Fear then put her death-like touch upon him, and he became as pale as Bass's ale. At last he rushed like a madman out of the room. I heard a scuffle on the stairs, some angry words, a heavy fall, and then all was still, save the melancholy tread of the beadle patrolling in the Arcade. . . . . A month afterwards I received a letter from Augustus Snobleigh. He told me he had been so tormented with his apparition, that he had been obliged to go abroad ; he assured me he was very happy, and hoped never to be troubled with the vision again. I think there is the strongest probability of this, as I ascertained afterwards from a bosom friend of his, that the apparition he raved so much about, was nothing more or less than an Income -Tax gatherer. He hod been on the point of marrying a very rich girl, and had overstated his income in the paper he had filled up, in order to deceive her father, who had told him he never would marry his daughter " to a beggar." The consequence was, Augustus was assessed according, to his own statement, and the match being broken off, he had found it a matter of impossibility, to pay the amount. Hence the secret of his always changing his lodgings ; hence the secret, of his leaving the kingdom. From his history we learn this wholesome moral; that falsehood is sure to haunt the person who utters it; and that no ghosts are so difficult to be laid as those which a man raises himself. - Cruikshank's Table Book. 