MISCELI ANEOIJS. Prize Essay on the Sabbath by Working Men.-— In December, 1847, a benevolent and pious gentlemen proposed to give prizes of 25/., 151., and 10/., for the . best, second-best,, and third-best essays on 'the- temporal advantages of uiu o.iuuuiii iu me lauourmg classes, x lie com petitors were to be working men in the strict sense of the expression, the essays brief, and sent in on or before thu 30th of March, 1848. The adjudicators, Mr. Robert Kettle, of Glas gow ; Mr. Alexander Swan, of Folkestone ; and Mr. Di R. Oakley, of London. Incredible as it may seem, the number of working men— men engaged at. some kind of handicraft from morn ing to night — who have entered the lists on this occasion, is not smaller than nine hundred and fifty. Those who have had the privilege of this' immense mass of prize essays by working men,' speak of them as characterised by much accuracy of style, great argumentative power, and a general concurrence of just thought. The adjudicators have publicly notified, that, sup posing they were able to examine" thirty essays per week, they have upwards of thirty weeks' labor in reading alone, so that it will be the end of October or the beginning of November be fore they can publish their decisions. Idleness. — Nino-tenths of the miseries and vices of mnnhood proceed from idleness; with men of quick minds, to whom it is especially pernicious, this habit is commonly the, fruit of many disappointments and schemes oft baffled : and men fail in their schemes not so much from want of strength, as from the ill-direction of it. The. weakest living creature, by concentrating lu3 powers on a simple object, can accomplish something ; the strongest, by dispersing his over many, may fail to accomplish anything. The drop, by continued falling, bores its passage through the hardest rock : the hasty torrent rushes over it with hideous uproar, and leaves no trace behind. — Thomas Carlyle. , A rumour having reached the workhouse in Killarney that the savings' hank in that town was insolvent, several of the pauper inmates ran for their deposits ! Tlin F-imoririL cnvc lliof. n Rnm. net of ancient family is now working in the county of Meath as a common labourer, at a shilling per day. The most extensive dinner over given in England, was that of Lord Romney, to the Kent Volunteers, when George III. "reviewed them near Maidstone. The tables were seven tnile3 and a half long, and the boards for the tables cost £15,000. Chloroform is reckoned excellent for scolding wives. A'hushand who has tried it says — "no family should he without it." True Religion not a Cause op Insanity. — An importnntK'distinction >is to he drawn be tween those deranged affections of the mind re sulting from tlie influence of false religion upon the understanding, and the healthy effort of le gitimate Christianity upon'jthe feelings and ac lions of man. During the course of our ex perience we have never seen n case of insanity which could bo clearly traced to true religion ; wc mean the religion as inculcated by the great Author of Christianity — the religion that tenches " peace and good-will towards men " — which advocates the noble sentiments of love nnd cha rity — which inculcates tho feeling of " prefer- ing others to ourselves" — the religion which represents love, mercy, and forgiveness as the pre-eminent attributes of the Godhead — the religion whose tendency is to induce us to take lowly views of ourselves, to humble human pride, to produce a cheerful, serene, nnd happy state of mind — the religion which enables us to hear with fortitude "the whips and scorns of time, the oppressor's wrong, nnd the proud man's contumely." We cannot believe that tlie influence of such n religion can bo other wise thnn sanitary in its effects on the human mind. — Dr. Forbes Winslow's Journal of Psy chological Medicine. Tact. — The elevation of M. Labouchcre now a member of tho British Cabinet, is rather a singular story. In 1822, M. Labouchcre, a clerk in the hanking house of Hope, of Amster dam, was sent by his patrons to Mr. Baring, the celebrated London hanker, to negotiate a loan. He displayed in the affair so much abili ty ris to entirely win the esteem and confidence of the English banker. " Faith," said he one day to Baring, " your daughter is a charming creature. I wish I could persuade you to give me her hand." "Young man, you are joking; for seriously you must allow that Miss Baring could never become the wife of a simple clerk." " But,'' said Lahouchere, "if I were in part nership with Mr. Hope ?" " Oh, that would be quite a different thing ; that would entirely make up for all other defi ciencies." Returned to Amsterdam, Labouchcre said to his patron, " You must take me into partner ship." , . 1 " My young friend, how can you think of such a thing? it is impossible ; you are without fortune, and . " But if I became the son-in-law of Mr. Baring!" " In that case the affair would soon be settled, so you have my word." Fortified with these two promises, Lahou chere returnd to England, and in two months after married Miss Baring, because Mr. Hope had promised to take him into partnership ; and he became allied to the house of Hope on the strength of that promise of marriage. A Prediction .of Danton.— A singular anecdote is told of the Due de Chartres, late King of the French, which can hardly have been published without the warranty of that high personage. Some business having brought him from Dumourier's srmy to Paris soon after the massacres of September, Danton sent for him, and informed him that he had heard that he ventured in conversation to speak too freely on that subject. He told him he was too young to judge of such matters, and added, " For the future he silent. Return to the army, do vour duty ; hut do not unnecessarily expose your life. Y on have many years before you. France is not suited for a republic ; it lias the habits, the wants, and the weakness of a mon archy. After our storms it will be brought back to that by its vices or its necessities. You will be King ! Adieu, young man. Remem ber Uie prediction of Danton.— Edinburgh Review on Lamartine's History of the Giron- dins. Anecdote op Stephen Girard. Mr. Girard had a favourite clerk, one who every way pleased him, and who, when at the age o'f 21 years, expected Mr. G. to say something to him of his future prospects, and perhaps' lend a helping hand in starting him in the world. But Mr. G. said nothing, carefully avoiding the subject of his escape from minority. At .length, after the lapse of some weeks, the clerk mus tered courage enough to address Mr. G. upon the subject. "I suppose, sir," said the clerk, I am free.; and I thought I would say some- thing to you as to my future course. Wha't'do you think Iliad better do?" " Yes, yes, I know you are," said Mr. G„ " and my advice to you Is,' J'0H 8 anf' learn a cooper's trade.'' This announcement well nigh threw the clerk off the track, but recovering his equilibrium, he said if Mr. G. was in earnest lie would do so. 1 am in earnest — and the clerk rather hesi tatingly sought one of the best coopers, and agreed with htm upon the terms of an. appren ticeship, and went at it in good earnest, nnd in the course of time made as. good a barrel as any one. He went and told Mr. G. that he had graduated with all the honours of the craft, aacT was ready to set up his business, nt which ihe old man seemed gratified, and (old him to malic three of the best, barrels he could. The young cooper selected the best materials, pud soon put tliern into shape, andTtnished three of the best barrels, and wheeled them up to the old man's counting-room. Mr. G. said the barrels were first-rate, and demanded the price. "One dollar," said the clerk, "is as low as I can lire- by." " Cheap enough," said his employer ; " make out your bill and present it." And now comes the cream of the whole. Mr. G. drew a check for twenty thousand dollars, and handed it. to the clerk, closing with these wordi ; " There, take that, and invest it in the best pos sible way, and if you are unfortunate and lose it, you have a good trade to fall back upon, which will afford you agood living at all timc3." — American Paper. I said to E, "you, arc always in debt." " Well, you have no occasion to be so talkative upon the matter," said E to I,\ " for you are always in prison." The celebration of the anniversnry of the- death of Napoleon on the 6th May, is thus des cribed by tho Paris correspondent of tlie Lon don Atlas A strange and ghostly spectacle came athwart our gay and busy streets on the anniversary of the death of the Emperor Napoleon. The few remaining relics of lite great army sound and whole enough to walk, assembled beneath the column of tho Place Vendomc> and rcpaired-in procession to the Invalides, to celebrate mass in honor of his manes. The church was hung in black, and the place round the altar reserved for the veterans of the Guard, of whom three and twenty yet remain. The celebrated houlan , whoso jaw was shot away in seeking to place himself before the Emperor in a skirmish in Russia, acted as sacristan, and his "silver jaw bone," fresh polished for tho occasion, shone nnd glittered in the sun 1 while the Mantelouk Fesdah, without legs, and in possession of but one eye, claimed the honor of holding the chief taper. Altogether it was one of the most nervous and extraordinary ceremonies I ever witnessed. The Paris correspondent of the Atlas says that Dr , one of the first magnetizers of Paris, being pressed by the king, looked round to see if any amongst the company bore outward sign of any great susceptibility to magnetic influence. Madame Adelaide volunteered. "I give you my word as a gentleman," added my informant, "that in that seance every event which has happened with such fearful rapidity to astonish and confound us all, was told wit li the most awful precision. The day, the hour of their flight was named, as well as the despoilment of the J utler.es; the secreting „f tho diamonds, one belonging to tho crown of the Emperor by a person about the Court (they have not been found), and a second catastrophe not far distant and which concerns the Orlean's family aione." You name tne not," said Madame Adelaide ; " with whom am I to fly ?" " You will remain calmly and peacefully in France," replied the somnambulo ; nt which observation the Kiiic laughed and said thnt this last prophecy was sufficient to betray tho fallacy of the whole as his sister would be incapable of deserting him in the hour of peril. Madame Adelaide, it is known, died before the revolution. ' ' -1 A4pUINK Yankee Giiost.— I havo noticed in our thrifty money-loving community, that tliero is a very common notion that tho disposal of an estate contrary to tho known wishes of tho testa tor is the most potent spell of all others for rais- tng a Yankee Ghost. Among tho many anec dotes which corroborate this opinion, I must con tent myself with citing one, tho scene of which happens to be in a neighbouring town. Somo years ago an elderly woman, familiarly known as Aunt Morso, died, leaving ,i handsome little property. No will was found, although it was understood before her decease that such a docu- mont was in the hands of Squire S./ ono of her neighbours. Ono cold winter ovenng, somo weeks ' after her departure, Squire S. sat in his parlour looking over his papers, when, hearing some ono cough in a fannhar way, lie looked up, and saw before him a little crooked old woman, in an oil- nut-coloured woollen frock, blue and white tow and linen apron, and striped blanket, leaning her sharp pinched face on ono hand, whilo tho other supported a short black tobacco pipo, at which she was puffing iri the most vohement and spite ful manner conceivable. Tho Squire was a man of somo nervo ; but his first thought was to at tempt an escape, from which ho was deterred only by tho consideration that any effort to that effect would necessarily bring him nearer to his unwel come visitor. « Aunt Morso," lie said at length, « for heaven's sake, get right back to tho bury ing ground ! What on earth are you hero for The apparition took her pipe deliberately from her mouth, and informed him that she canio to sec justice done with her will ; and that nobody need tlnnk of cheating her, dead or alive. Con cluding her remark with a shrill emphasis, sho replaced her pipe, and puffed away with renewed vigour. T. ho Squire had reasons for retaining tho document at issue, which he had supposed con clusive, but he had not reckoned on tho interfer ence of the testator in the matter. Aunt Morso when living, he had always regarded as a very shrew of a woman ; and he now began to suspect that her recent change of condition had improved her, like Sheridan's ghost, " the. wrong way." He saw riothing better to bo dono under tho cir cumstances, than to promise to see tlie matter set right that vory evening. Tho ghost nodded her head approvingly, and, knocking tlie ashes out i ol her pipe against the chimney, proceeded to fill it unow with a> handful of tobacco from her sido pocket. "And now, Squire," she said, " if you'll 4® , light my pipo for mo, I'll bo il.goulo,,.,, Tho bquire was, as has been intimated, no "coward ; lie had been out during tho war in a Merrimack privateer, and had seen sharp work off the Fnysil, but, as-he said afterwards, " it was no touch to lighting Aunt Morso's pipe." No slavo of a pipe- bearer ever handed tho chibouque to the Grand Turk with uioro care and reverence than tho Squiro manifested on this occasion. Annt Morso drew two or throe long preliminary whiffs, to seo that all was right, pulled li.er blankot over her . head, and slow hobbled out at tho door. Tho Squire being truo to his promise was novor again disturbed. It is right in conclusion to say that there were strong suspicions at the time that tho ghost was in reality of flesh and blood,— in short, 0110 of the living heirs of Aunt Morso, and not tho old lady lm'SQlt.—Supernaturalism in New Emj- land. J A wag in Pennsylvania not long since purehas- , il ,!1G 'l0Ise 5 returning from a rido a few days afterwards, he said that ho. had discovered a quality in this animal which added fifty dol- lars_to its value : — it shyod at a constablo ! Ho submits to bo examined and seen through a microscopo who suffers himself to be caught in a passion. — Lavater. _ 1 o acknowledge that you were wrong yesterday is but to lot the world hmw i nil uricrfti fn- day than you were then. — Swift. Hoijart Town; Printed and Published by the Proprietor James Burnet, attho Britannia Oflico, Collins-street,, and Edited by John. Morgan, 65 Dayoy- stroot, 