BBimHwîRE-SS. AMATEUR TSYfcp CATCHING. ! AdgtCBoMiA its dmdkti the English dislike to change their laws. Such is a stupid and, dogged sentiment in which John Bull ' has prided himself for centuries': No man has less reason for coming to such' a resolution. His laws are so bad that scarcely any change could he for the worse' Of His jurisprudence he may say as was said of the man who complained that he had lost his character, "'and a good thing too, for it was a very bad! one." The British people seem to be of King Charles's mind, that they have nothing to do with the laws but to obey them'. They contentedly submit to be made mere shuttlecock for the battle doors of Westminster Hall to knock' about as pleases them. Law is separated from equity. There are the Courts of Queen's Bench, of Common Pleas, of Arches, of Bankruptcy, of Admiralty, of Privy Council, of Chancery, of the Rolls, of the Exchequer, of Insolvency, and heaven knows how many morE beside, with separate jurisdictions, principles of interpolation, rules of practice and of evidence, with thousands of volumes of contradictory decisions, and every day enunciating dicta so totally opposed to each other, that the glorious uncertainty of the law has become confusion worse confounded. Even in the same Court the same Judges seem the Cynthia of the minute, Everything by turns, and nothing long. About half the time of every Court is taken up with motions for new trials, on account of misdirection on the part of the very Judges who grant the rule. There is not even the ghost of an attempt at Codification and, although we have a sovereign, lords, and commons, a full-fledged legislature, three- fourths of our whole jurisprudence were never heard of within the walls of Parliament, and have Men established and bound upon the subjects of the realm no one can tell how. A man reading " Blackstone's Com- memories," of wading through the judgments of our Coutts, cannot fail to be humiliated by the conviction that our laws have been founded upon sophistry so transparent, logic so lame, and reasoning so unreasonable, as that upon which most of the leading decisions of our Judges have been founded. The master mind of Bentham has already made the wisdom of the Bench ridiculous, and we are only left to wonder that such an exposure of the narrow minded incapacity and humdrum driver of our horse- hair-wig legislation has not opened the eyes of an intelligent community to the gross absurdity and pernicious injustice of our whole judicial fabric. But what we have more immediately to bring under public notice in this brief space, is the present deplorable condition of our criminal law, or rather our criminal practiCe. We say nothing here of our strange notions of the moral proportions of public offences, as, for instance, that a starving wretch shall be transported for seven years for picking a pocket of a kerchief, while a gang of miscreants who conspire to Too a flat of £1,400 by a long and intricate scheme of cheating is Only sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment, or that an area sneak shall be sentenced to the hulks, while a banker or great merchant who shall continue to issue promises to pay for ten years after he was self-consciously insolvent, shall not even incur the disgrace of the Gazette, or even a reprimand from his creditors, for living like a prince upon other people's means. Our business just now is rather with the mechanism of detection and punishment than with the principles of criminal jurisprudence, and it appears to us that this has reached a height of folly that calls loudly for reform. The policy of requiring unanimous verdicts where real unanimity is notoriously a moral impossibility is, we know, a theme of great self-praise with us English. It is supposed to be a proper protection to the accused, when it is forgotten that in the ratio in which it extends his chances, it necessarily defeats the ends of justice, and that practically, it as often operates to his prejudice as to his safely, by inducing a majority who are for acquitting him, to yield to a stubborn minority, who insist his finding him guilty. This is very distinctly proved by the fact that in Scotland, where the verdict requires except in cases of treason or sedition) only a. majority, the proportion of acquittals is considerably larger that it is in England; and that in England, where Juries have to be locked up because the cannot agree upon the verdict, the ultimate result generally is, that the verdict is returned for the prosecution. It will scarcely be believed by the people of any other civilized country, and 60 years hence it will not be credited by our own, that it is only very recently that we have been, with the greatest difficulty, prevailed upon to allow an accused person the privilege of a counsel to plead his case, and that While a prosecutor was allowed the advantage of the greatest orators at the bar, to strain their ingenuity and eloquence to the utmost to prove a poor fellow- creatures worthy of the gallows, the n retched prisoner locked up in jail from the moment of his first arrest, not permitted the means of getting at witnesses to prove his innocence, utterly illiterate, often of the tenderest years, without advice or assistance, was pushed into a public Court with the acutest intellects in Europe arrayed against him, and not only no provision whatever made by the community for his defence, but a positive pro hibition interposed by the law itself against his being allowed to find it for himself, or his being placed in a position of equality with his accuser. Such a social unionism as that has only its parallel in this other, that in England a curse is practically regarded as an offence not against society, but only against the private individual who suffers by its committal, and that the prosecution, detection, and punishment of offenders is not a duty of the community, but a tax upon their victims. We recollect a gentleman short-sighted enough, mentally as well as physically, to pursue a thief who had tugged his gold quizzing glass from his neck, who had £26 to pay for the expenses of the conviction. 11 is scarcely necessary to point out the absurdity, as well as danger of such an intolerable system. It makes it the interest of every person against whom a crime is committed " to wipe it up, and say no more about it." It makes the counsel given by Dogberry The wisest that a subject can listen to, when he advises that " when you do take a thief, let him show himself what he is, and steal out of your company." It renders an organised and skilful system of criminal prosecution impracticable, because each prosecutor necessarily employs his own attorney and counsel, who proceed upon no uniform system of either draw- ing indictments, examining witnesses, or conduct- ing the necessary preliminary inquiries. It places in the power of individuals the means of compounding the gravest offences, not excepting murder itself, so that for a consideration a prosecution may be purposely misconducted, an indictment intentionally wrongly laid, or an important witness intentionally overlooked. It is recorded in the life of Mrs. Bellamy, that being shocked at the idea of procuring the execution of a sorry thief who had robbed her house, she purposely contrived that the prosecution should break down, and was shortly after visited by the criminal himself, who extorted money from her on the threat of informing against her for compromise of felony. Perhaps a still more startling view of the danger of leaving to the wronged party the prosecution of crime is to be seen in this, that the payment of his expenses becomes often contingent upon his establish- ing a conviction, and it thereby becomes directly his interest to strain a point as principal Witness against the prisoner, or at all events to suppress any evidence which he may discover likely to tell in favour of a t verdict of "Not Guilty." The daily experience of prisoners being placed at the bar, and no prosecutor ' appearing against them, or at least no counsel to ! conduct the accusation, is another shameful exposure of the grotesque absurdity of the whole system. The fact that in the case of the atrocious murder of Mr. BeUclrambèrS in the public streets of our metropolis, .Üb'batiftíteir'Was.instructedtoeondtrot the indictment, is "stated counsel caught up haphazard in court at the request of the Judge was not even enabled to state the case to tbeJury.'has brought things to a Wiriafc/ánd renders the immediate institution of a tóifltyntfs/ffieotrbf criminal procedure essential, not only tottie -rmaictltion of public justice and the protection of safety, but also to the shielding of the innocent from the punishment due only to proved guilt. In no countryman fire world, except in Eng- land as the detection and punishment of crime left to private individuals. In- France there is a Minister of Justice in the linperiarCabihef, responsible for the cognizance of offences.' In the neighbouring kingdom , of Scotland there has existed for upwards of 100 years a public prosecutor in every Court of Justice, a lord Advocate and his deputies, Procurator Fiscal, and other functionaries; who expressly charged with wife responsible to the Government and Legislature for the detection and punishment of crime, and let us and also, for the liberation and safety of the innocent. ' We observe by a question recently put to the Prime Minister, in the House of Commons, that the subject of taking the cognisance of offences in England into the hands of the Crown is, at present, seriously under the consideration of the Government, and we trust that no time will be lost in bringing to a period our present barbarous! system, which makes our criminal jurisprudence most justly the laughing-stock of Europe. 