THE DRAMA.— (LONDON.) rtRST ArrK.vrance OF MB. MtlOOKB, T1IK TRAOKlIt AN. ' Olympic. —It is long since we have witnessed such a scene of enthusiasm and excitement as the Olympic Theatre presented on Monday evening, when Mr Gustavus Brooke — a gentleman who had already attained a high position in the provinces as a tragedian — made his first appearance before a London au- dience : it is true that in the earlier portions of the play, ' Othello," much of the applause was due to the con- tinued and most injudicious support of his friends ; but as the tragedy went on, all alike were wrought up to the highest pitch of admiration, and cheers and plaudits rang through the house, such, as we expect, have not been heard since the days of Edmund Kean. In a word, Mr. Gustavus Brooke achieved an eminent, triumphant suc- cess — one that is likely to go on increas- ing until it places him upon the very topmost height of his profession. His first appearance enlisted the audience in his favour, his figure being grace ful and finely shaped ; his features handsome, and capable of immense expression ; and his voice of singular weight and clearness ; indeed, he will, we think, appear even to more advant age io a larger house. Up to the third act, however, although the applause was liberal, he did not make any ex- traordinaiy impression, beyond what an acknowledged tragedian might be ex pected to produce ; but in the scene with I ago, for which be appeared to have husbanded his powers, he came out so magnificently, that the whole audience of the pit and stalls rose nearly en masse ,- and such a confusion of cheering, waving hats and handker chiefs, and ringing approbation, we re peat we have not seen for some years — excepting, perbaps, Mrs. Nisbetl's re ception, when she returned to the Hay- market. From this to the end of the play, it was a continued triumph. ' Mr. Brooke's success was honest, legitimate, and, we are certain, endur ing He made none of the old tradi tional points, nor did he imitate any preceding or contemporary performer. But there was nature and intelligence in every line he uttered ; not an emphasis was misplaced; and he managed every inflection of his voice, and expression of his countenance — to the latter of which the darkened vissage of his Moor is so disadvantageous — with most consummate skill. This was finely shown in the look of deep misery and anguish which followed the the words, "Othello's occupation's gone and which was instantaneously recognised. Never, since Kean's first appearance, was a position so incontes- tibly and suddenly attained. The other parts were played as well as they could be by the present dra matic company of the Olympic ; but all interest and attenti n was centred in Mr. Brooke. Mr. Stuart was the lago, Mr. H. Hall Cassia, and Miss Stuart Desdemona .- and they acqnilted them- selves respectably. We heard a characteristic anecdote of Mr. Brooke, from a member of the profession who sat near us in the stalls, which we give as we received it. Mr. Brooke had been before engaged, and underlined at one of the large houses, where an eminent tragedian of the pre- sent day was in power. An announce- ment of " Hamlet" was sent to him, in which he found be was to play Laertes, to the other's Prince of Denmark. He immediately wrote back to say that he was only in the habit of performing one part in the play, and that was Hamlet ; and that the other might play the Ghost if he chose. 'I he engagement was accordingly broken.— January 8. 