REASONS FOR SUBMITTING TO THE CATHOLIC CHURCH, p BY A LATE ANGLICAN CLERGYMAN. (In Letters to a Frfend.j LETTER VII. Mr DEAa - ,--- have now given you some account of the manner in which. by the application of certain principles, and the t force of certain considerations, I was gradually to see that the com munion in which I was born and educated was not a true portion of the Catholic Church, and to submit to that which, by the same principles and on the same considerations, was demonstrated to be the Catholic Church, that Church to which all along I had in inten tion desired to submit myself and to belong. I have pursued a mere general line of argument, and have not noticed those common " objections" which perhaps, more than general principles, airect people's minds and influence their conduct. and which are so vehemently urged, when any one inclines to join the Catholic Church, to dissuade him from such a step. It is not that I have not carefully considered these objections, both before and since I became a Catholic, nor is it because I think they cannot be fairly and reasonably answered, so far as their sub jects admit of being made matter, of pure reason, that I have not noticed them. On the contrary, I am fully persuaded that on An. glican principles, and by reasons and analogies drawn from admitted Christian truths, all these objections can be fairly answered. That is to say, the doctrines or practices objected to may be made so antecedently propable and lawful, that this, taken in connexidn with the authority for them in the Church and among saints, as sufficient to commend them to any humble mind, or at least to deter him from condemning them, or making them the ground of a schism. And this is all that can possibly be expected in regard to doctrines and practices which in their nature can only be thoroughly under stood and appreciated by those who have realised and acted upon them, which the objectors have not. It is not, I say, because I have considered, or fear to consider these objections, that I have not noticed them, but because I think it is far safer and nobler to de termine our conduct by general principles, in faith that these cannot lead us far wrong, than to limit the application of our principles by our own understanding and experience, which are very likely. indeed to be imperfect and deceitful guides.. If, by general prin ciples and on general grounds, I am convinced that a Body is the Church, it is my duty, ou Church principles, to join it and submit to it at once. And surely it is far safer, wiser, and more religious to do so, in spite of difficulties and objections, than to refuse to do so on account of them. In the one case, I subject myself to the Church, which it is reasonable and religious to do; in the other, I subject the Church to myself, [ judge it according to the measure of my own capacity and experience, which I contend is neither rea sonable nor religious. Many persons, I know, reverse this rule. Admitting the Roman to be the true 'Church, on " general principles,"-.admitting that the " mere abstract argument," as they say, is against them, they stand upon. objections. They will not join any 'Body, ever so clearly proved to be the Church, against which they are such and such notes or objections; or, as they might say, no Body. can be the true Church which does or says so and so. They will not hesitate to hold to and apply this rule (or rather this their private judgment), although it should issue in demonstrating that there is no longer a Church on earth; that this is idolatrous. that is here tical, the others schismatical, and all fatally corrupt ; pny thing rather than accept what they cannot understand, or submit when they cannot exactly approve. They remain in their own com. munion simply because they are there; but they could no more join or justify their own communion on their own principles than the worst of the bodies they condemn. They seem alive to every diffi. culty, every inconsistency. but one, that of belonging to and sup porting and extending a communion by which they are condemned, and which their own principles condemn. I will now, endeavour, as you particularly wish it, to shew what maybe said in explanation of some.of those difficulties and objec- 1 tions which are urged by those who refuse to join, anail would dis suade others from joining, the Catholic Churak. . .: o The principal, perhaps, of these is the Catholic doctrine and it practice of the invocatiou .and cultus, as it is called, of the blessed d Virgin Mary and the saints. a The Catholic doctrine is simply this: that " the saints reigning n together with Christ are to be honoured and. invocated, and that i they offer prayers to God for, us ;". and this is but an expansion and LI consequence of the articles of our Creed-" the holy Catholic s Church, the communion of Saints." A Catholic believes that the d holy Catholic Church is literally one organised mystical Body wnited * to Christ its Head by the indwelling of the Spirit: that the Body e consists equilly of those who have departed this life as of those who are still its members on earth: that the visible and the invisible are e not two but one Body,-two portions of one and the same Body under different conditions. Every member is united in the most rt real and intimate fellowship with every other member, from the Blessed Virgin in Heaven to the latest or lowest Christian on earth. This one Body, and none other and nothing less, is that " holy Catholic Church," in which we believe, and in. which wee are. We are actually in it, and of it. As the Apostle says, " WE ARE COMB 1 to the city of the living God," and to its blessed company, to "God the Judge of all," to " Jesus the Mediator of the new covenant," to an " inumerable company of angels," and to ".the spirits of the just made perfect." Into their company we " are come." A Catholic, therefore, lives or strives to live as in the. presence of this whole'mysterious company- all his prayers and acts of worship are performed as in this presence. Hence the public form of confession, " I confes, to Almighty God, to blessed Mary ever Virgfin, and to all the saints," &cc.; is a simple recognition and expresion of this fact. Again, a Catholic believes that between thermembers of this Body visible and invisible, there is the most intimate " communion ;" that in, it there is the exercise of every loving, .gracious, and blessed office of mediation, intercession, and assistance, between all the members according to their capacity and dignity, the greater from the greatest and highest. He cannot possibly consider the Blessed Virgin, or St. Peter, or St. Paul. or the other saints, as distant, or ignorant of, or indifferent to, the condition, progress, or fortunes of the Church on earth, bone of their bone, flesh of their flesh, part of the one Body In one Spirit with themselves; but he considers them as living and present and most deeply interested in all that affects the interest of the Church militant and the saivation of souls. He views them as assisting in that great work on earth in which God permits His creatures to serve Him and assist each other; in every way in which Christians and saints can be " fellow-workers with God" in His plans-by prayers, and intercessions, and manifold ministrations; by which service they are most. honoured, and in which alone is the very happiness of the blessed. This, I say, is the presence in which a Catholic lives; this is that blessed company by which he knows himself to be surrounded, and who are his brethren and fellow-members in Christ. This is the context of his words and expressions as known to and criticised by Protestants. It enters as naturally into his thoughts as does' the visible and the invisible Church. And this view and vision of the saints no more obscures the view of God and of our Lord Jesus Christ, than does the presence of the visible Church on earth, or the visible means of grace, whether persons or things, on which we habitually have recourse. Soon it comes . to take its place in our minds easily and naturally, as does the rest of that vast complex system of mediation and dependence in which we are placed, and of which it is but a more glorious extension. And any Catholic of the most ordinary intelligence and education could no more confound God with his creatures, or neglect Christ for his saints, than a Protestant could do the same with the visible Church, its ministers, and members. Nay, I should almost say less, since none but a Ca tholic can know the way and degree in which the doctrine of the Trinity, the Incarnation, the Person, Work, and Passion of Christ is pressed upon the hearts and minds of Catholics by the wonderful offices and devotions of the Catholic Church. The degree in which the doctrine and service of the Mass alone affects the mind, and dis tances and diminishes by its unapproachable importance even what looks, and what else might be, great, is incomprehensible to those. who have not believed and realised it (as they cannot do out of the Catholic Church) in a similar degree. It may be worth observing here, that precisely the same objections are brought-by Low Churchmen and Dissenters against the promi nence given by High Churchmen to the Church, priesthood, and saceaments, and to the place assigned to them in our salvation, as are brought by others against the Catholic doctrines of the media tion and invocation of the saints. Low Churchmen do not believe that it is possible to speak and think of the Church and the sacra merits in the way in which High Churchmen speak of them, with out " obscuring Christ," without " putting them in the place, of Christ ;" and the claim of bishops and priests to " gwe the Holy Ghost," and to " absolve" sinners or "forqive sins," sounds to them as, absurd or Impious as similar expressions of the saints " giving us grace" or "saving us." Yet every High Churchmam only smiles at these charges; lie has the evidence of experience ihat the means and ministers of grace obscure not for one moment th. Author and Giver and immediate Source of all. Hie has no difliculty in transferring language that seems to test in man, by an. easy and almost unconscious movement of 'his mind, to God, But If put upon his defence by un ultra- Protestant, lie could no. wore justify himself thari a Catholic could justify his conduct and language. To be justified, he must be understood; and a Protestantecannotuadera stand, because he has not lived ha and realised the Church system. Arid just so it is witlh ute Catholic and the lRighe Churchman. A High Churchmaon would only smile itt a Prot~eastpL who shouald au- cseig him of deifying the Churcli and the sacraments', the accusa tion'sounds to him aibsubd.`' Not'less absirid does tlie'ei argesotiuid ttd a Catholic of deifying-'that is of `confoundinjgwiilfr $ilstitu tihg for God-tlie Blessed Virgin an'd the saints.' li3cineieid. i l spaffk fromi expebrience, that this 'para llel lholds 'sidi ictli'it1s(s'e two asslA'p'erson mulst` 1bO a"'Cat'holic4a 'Iti ave liv~ed ~in teý bto~l£b£ic 'Church `efoeiecan-,ossibly nderstand the'adtWic~ 1' 3I `iicVi " he re sonialilies5 of this doctrinf and practice, roti it analogy with' a'dniitted Christian truths and principles: But in addition to this, consider the nature and amount of authority vir its'behalf. It is a certain fact; that the whole Catholic Church fthis da, and even the chismatic' Eastern Chureh; fully adopts ad is ommited to it. It is equally certain, that the whole Catho iin Churchhas been ,committed to it. The wisest, the best, the most Holy, the most conspicuious for their devotion'to. our Lord and his passion-men who would have shed their blood a thousand times every day of their lives for. their' Lord and God, and rather thian derogate one jot'or tittle from His honour- these are the men who, of all others, have given the most express sanction to the practice in question; Can it for one moment be thought, even by the, most.bigoted Anglican, that these men were idolators, or idola trous in the ,faintest degree P. or that they did not know what Idolatry was, or when they were guilty of itP Can it 'be- thought even that Catholics of this day are not as wise, as good, as holy and 'devoted, as intellectual and spiritual Christians as any'Anglican P Do they not understajnd the charge'of idolatry P Would they not plead guilty if they were guilty P Have not many,, in their own persons, first felt the difficulty urged, and then proclaimed that it arose entirely from their own misapprehension P Is it more credi bl that all this host of witnesses should be mistaken-deceived of deceivers-about a fact of which they could' not be ignorant, than that Anglicans should err by' measuring all men and things by their cwn very limited experience ? Why will Anglicans go on urging this point P Why will they not touch' it with reverence, and leave it'as something which is simply beyond their own ex. perience, seeing that it is sanctioned as it is P What'good can'their protests and objections do P They can'only serve to impress upon the minds of ordinary persons 'that the Catholic' Church and the Saints are idolatrous. They insinuate a charge which, if they as serted, I should say they were almost guilty of blasphemy. And what gcod can it do tb Catholics P 'They' might as well attempt'to persuade, Catholics that they' are 'Mahometans or Heathens, that they do not know the difference between virtue and vice, that the Saints were thieves.and murderers, as to persuade them that they are idolators or idolatrous, or do'riot know or observe the 'distinc tion between God and His Saints as well as any. Anglican.* Thus, then, this piactice is not unreasonable; ait cdn be com mended by analogies to those who have riot even .triedit; tit is de clared innocent and whdlesome by thousands of intelligent, honest, devout, Christians, .(many of them 'c:onverts frora the opposite opinion); it is sanctioned by the whole Catholic Church, East and 'West. With what face, then, can'An'ilicans, on any'but the~most Protestant principles, affect to treat this practice as un-Catholic and unlawful,,or make it the ground of objection and refusal to 'submit to the Catholic Church P In the same way the doctuine of Transubstantiation may' be shewn to have similar a priori considerations and analogies in its favour, and to be supported by the authority of the whole Catholic Church, East and West. It is remarkable that 'all the objections against Transubstantiation are very similar to those 'which might be brought against the doctrine of the Incarnation. They avail as much against the one' as the other doetrine., The objections also against the dfinling on such a subject. are very similar to the objections againt defining on the subject'of the Trinity. Professions of hold ing the doctrine, while objecting to definitions, are and were made in both cases, Also it is very striking that in both cases, where the Catholic definition has been given up, the doctrine itself (as here in England) has been lost, Whatever' may be said of the essence of the doctrine being the Real 'resence, certain it _is that the practical' consequences of the differences of the doctrine are ,widely different. There is nothing in which so great a difference is felt in the two communions as on this one point. Theimitation is as different from the reality, and as marked, as can possibly be. Let these things be 'considered and further, can any one doubt for 'one moment what would be the decree of the whole united Church, East and West, in Council met,'to hear all that Anglicans, could urge in behalf of their opinions and conduct in regard'to these 'two doctrines of Transubstantiation and the Invocatio& "of Saints !' ls'it possible cven for an Anglican to affect to havre any doubt'as 'to the issue of the-fairest an~d fullest hecaring of their 'cds. before thiis much talked-of General Council' R ow extraordinary is that self-deception which can hide the arrogance and presumption of b r. Pusey, in his advertisement to the Paradise of the Soul, appear's to the-writer' rear 'nsible for giving impressions of as 'most serious kind -against the Saints.' It was not, it is hoped, rintended to give tbese impressions. One can hardly believe it possible that, whiie,tpking. fromn their writings ithose most moving and touching devotions to our Lord and God, the like to'which can be found -no where else.' any one could 'dare to 'insinuate that these. same men were guilty irn thte faintest degree of a-sin so fearfully mortal and heincaq av that of,idolairy. , Instead of extracting' some sentenees in a naked and -abruspt manner- passages the very' strongest of %heir kind-and coming upon minds unprepared,rby instruction,~ and'uniflmiliar with'the'wliole subject and nature of the devotions £o tbe~ainta ;:woauld it not have been a far 'wiser, 'fairer, arid' snore rgspectf'ul yourse in Da;. Pusiey, to have given the Church's owdIsdtlf hber6u own ¶ions, as in tbe iiecornl part of 'the Part standing out alone against the united testimony of the whole Ca tlioli sworld for the' greater number of the centuries of the Christian era, under the pretence of humijity and reverence, in submitting to (onie's own interpretation off the Primitive Fathers P. The same mighthbe said on behalf of all Catholic doctrines in dispute between Rome and England as has been said son these two. .The subject is exceedingly interesting, and I am convinced that all Catholic doctrines might be so commeiided to the Christian mind from Christian analogies, as to leave every one perfectly inexcusable for not accepting them, with the authwrity of the Church to sup. port them. But this is not the place for, entering at large on such an extensive subject 1 can only indicate what I mean, when I say that all objections to Catholic doctrines in themselves may be fairly and reasonably answered on Catholic principles. And it seems to me a practical abjuration of faith as a principle of action alto gether, if we will demand sighl, certainty, or demonstration for every step of our course, and every form of opinion in the Church. With regard to the question of the Papal Supremacy, it is re quired of no one to be believed as an article of faith or term of communion, but in such a sense as Mr. Allies himself admits it. If Mr. A. were within the Church, he mnight employ his learning and abilities, if he so pleased, in the defence of Gallicanism until that question be settled authoritatively. If he considers that the fate of the Church is involved in this question, he would fight to much more advantage within itas aton, than without itas an alien. If hel might side with Bossuiet against Bellarmine, what more could even he require P Mr. A. justifies the schism of .the English Church simply on this ground, that the Roman Churich makes a certain view of Papal Supremacy an article of faith. I would most gladly bring the matter to this issue, and I assert most ppsitively that the Catholic Church does not make the ultraniontane doctrine of B3ellar mine or De Maistre an article of faith. What can be more unjus tifiable than first to make an opinion- of the Roman Church into an article of the Church's faith, and then to make this an excuse for not submitting to it P What can be said of that mind and temper which demands that even open questions shall be settled according to his views, of antiquity before he will consent to join the Church or to lay down the arms of rebellion'against an acknowledged au thority P* Much is made of the subject of practical corruptions in the Roman Catholic Church; but it seems to me, that nothing can be more unfair controversially than' for Anglicans to'use this as an ar gument against it. No body of me'n have ever more insisted than they-as, indeed, norie had ever so much occasion and interest in insisting-that practical corruptions do not affect ,the vitality, of a Church. It is absolotely necessary to assert this in order to defend the English Church from the worst ieresies. AlAn yet these same persobs will tuse the argunient of practical. corruption, in the most ultra-Protestant fashion, as a weapon against Rome. Is this fair and holiestP If practical corruptions destroy the vitality of a Church, the Cliurch, the whole Church, is destroyed and lost., If they do not, wiy 'urge it as an argument against the very truth of a Church, and our duty towards itas being the Church-"a duty which 2cannot in the least be affected by the existence of any 'prac tical abuses, However great, for which not the Church but in dividuals ire responsible ? But I must conclude here for the preksent. * Oi this subject of the supremacy of the Pope. I can-only refer to Mr. Thompson's most able and conclusive work. Mr. Thomp son's view of the subject is not defide, but it completely removes till those objections commonly brought against the ultramontane theory of the Papacy ; and which have been repeated and brought together by Mr. Allies. It would really seem impossible-for any, one, after reading Mr. Thompson's book, to repeat the assertion, that the Papal supremacy is destructive of Episcopacy. Mr. Thompson shews clearly that the objectionable consequences are deduced from a false idea both of the supremacy and of episcopacy and that no suck consequences can follow, from the true idea. Mr. Allies' passages from history and the Fathers do not militate ,against the true, but against the false idea of the Papal claim with which he-has encumbered himself. Tux FINANCIAL REFORM AssooIATroN.-The following pro gramme has been published at Liverpool by an association recently established:-" The objects of-the association to consist in directing public opinion to the following principles:-1. A general retrench rrent in the national expenditure. 2. The revision of the assessed taxes; of the -malt tag; and 'of the excise and stamp duties. 3. ,The transfer to direct taxation of those imposts which interfere with the industry and limit the'subsistence oftlie people. 4. The equi table pipportionnient 'of all needful taxation. Persons desirous of enrolling-their names as-members are requested to signify the same to either of the' following gentlemen :-Mr. Robertsoii Giladsione, Mr. AM H. Wylie, Mr. J1. R. Jeffrey, Mr. E. Brodribb. Mr. Bean, Mr. JTokn Smith. -The association is influential, even Tn the earliest moment of Its existence, and promises to add strength to thme cause of just reforrn."-Maorning Ohronicle. \- PEseNT TrO Ma. COnDEN.-Some members of 2the body of the commercial travellers have-recently presented Mr. IR. Cobden with a-gold box (the produce of subscriptions) of upwards of 100' guinea's value, ins acknowledgment of- his exertions-in-promoting the cause of Free ,Trade.-Glolbe ------ - Sr. WZLFBrD's, CHEADILE.-On -Monday next, formerly the -Festtu of the Translation of St. Wilfrid's relies, the new--church 'will be blessed, and on Tuesday opened -with a -Solemn Mass'. The -Otas torian Fathers will be present -from MaryvaleM 'Since last Easter -anor tl~an 200 perbnsel ave bbr receivted-itito the Caitholic Chit'ch ri this Miqalon ; all~ofwhokb havc'persevekredi tlite'Faith.'.-Tablet 