ORIGINAL POETRY. OF A GHOST THAT APPEARED TO THE EDITOR. The toils of day had pass'd away, Our proofs had gone to press, All weary on our couch we lay In virgin loneliness: We had heard the chimes of vanish'd times Ring on our fancy's ear-- And the lonely knell of the passing bell Which toll'd for the dying year. We thought of the breath--now quench'd in death-- That had welcom'd the last year in; Of the garland chang'd to the cypress wreath, And of souls that had perish'd in sin; We thought on the joy we had felt as a boy In lollipops, feathers, and frills; And we thought with a quake and a dubious shake Of our usual quarterly bills! Oh! terrible sight! a ghastly sprite With a face that spoke of the tomb!-- Array'd from the top to the bottom in white-- Appear'd in the chamber's gloom. With awful amaze we mark'd its gaze, For remorse to its features clung-- And woful and sore the expression they wore, Like a thief coming out to be hung. We shiver'd all o'er, and from every pore Trickled the dews of fear-- And we utter'd, betwixt a groan and a roar, "Why what are you up to here?-- Of murder fell have you come to tell?-- I'll print your confession don't doubt: Or if gold you've hid, wherever you bid, I'll oblige you by finding it out." In a dismal whine, "That's all very fine," The sorrowful ghost replied: "I would'nt mind standing a dozen of wine, If I had so happily died. But murder is fun to the deeds I have done; I have fed on the brains of my kind-- I've assisted the slave to his premature grave, And have pilfer'd the fruits of his mind. "Because in my heart pity bore not a part, Now wretched for aye is my shade"-- "You're a Yankee perhaps," we replied with a start, "And you follow'd the bookselling trade?" "Ah, would that no more could be laid at my door!-- Your journal I took for a year-- And nicely you're nick'd, for the bucket I've kick'd Three quarters at least in arrear!!" Like a bullet that's sped, we sprung out of bed, But the spirit made off to the door; Our ponderous ledger we flung at his head, And he sunk in the ground with a roar.-- The chamber we clear'd--in the press-room ap- pear'd, With horror and rage in our brain; And contriv'd to get in this confusion of sin-- As a warning to those who remain." January 1st, 1848. 