FISHER'S GHOST. A legend of Campbelltown. The incidents related in the following tale must be familiar to many of our readers, especially to those in Campbell- town and its neighbourhood. We have trusted solely to memory in drawing up the statements, the inaccuracies, however (if there be any), can only be of minor importance ; the principal portions of the tale may be relied on as strictly true. We leave others to solve the problem of the appearance of Fisher's Ghost, contenting ourselves with simply telling the tale as it was told to us. Most of those concerned in the investigation of the affair are still alive, and can bear testimony to its truth. Reader, have you ever paid a visit to the town, or rather to the village of Campbelltown ? If you have not, we advise you to do so speedily. We re commend you to do so the more willingly because we can speak from experience of the pleasure we have felt when domiciled in its comfortable little Inn, enjoying a few day's relaxation from the bustle and dust of Sydney. If you have been there you can dispense with our description of its neat little church, its straggling ap pearance, and its pleasant situation, in short, of all the beauties which it pre sents to a toil-worn dust-blinded Cit on his first visit — and enable us to come at once to the subject matter of our tale. The visitant to Campbelltown must have observed as he strolled through the village, a lage unfinished brick building, fast mouldering to decay, which seems to have been intended at the time of its erection for a store ; its appearance, how ever, shows that whatever may have been the intention in erecting it, something must have intervened to prevent the ac- complishment of the object. It is now rapidly falling into decay, and the fresh ness of the grass which covers the sward around it, shows that whatever the cause may be the ruins are not much frequented by the inhabitants of the surrounding cot tages. The unfinished building and the land which surrounds it were the property of a man named Frederick Fisher, who occupied an adjoining cottage, of which scarcely a trace now remains. Fisher had been originally a prisoner, he had served his time in the employ of a gentle- inan in the neighbourhood, and had removed to the town, when he obtained his ticket-of-leave. Some years previous to the commencement of our tale, he had received his certificate of freedom, having undergone the sentence which had been awarded to him by the laws of his coun try. He had also soon afier he became free obtained a grant of a town allotment and had commenced the building referred to, intending on its completion to occupy one portion of it as a dwelling-house, and to convert the remaining part into a store. Fisher was but a boy at the time of the commission of the offence which had led to his transportation. His relatives, enraged at the disgrace he had subjected them to by his misconduct, had taken little notice of him after that period ; and as he could put no trust in those he saw around him, placed in circumstances simi lar to his own, he had, consequently, formed no friendship, which might have enabled him to pass pleasantly his vacant time ; his education, also, had been much neglected in his youth by those very rela tives who were so liberal of their censure after he had gone astray ; it is not, there fore, matter of surprise, that his time should have, occasionally, hung heavy an his hands. His own fireside presented few attractions to him ; his conduct, since his arrival in the colony, not having been such as to afford him much gratification in the retrospect ; the resolutions of amendment he had made whilst in jail and on the passage out, had melted like snow when exposed to the demoralizing influence of the example set by those around him. Fisher, like most of his clsss, flew for refuge from unpleasant recollections, to the society which the neighbouring taproom afforded, and sought for that which he found not at \- home, in quaffing the flowing bowl. The necessary consequences of conduct such as this soon became apparent, his business, to which, on gaining his free dom, he had paid strict attention, was now neglected, but instead of endeavouring, by exertion, to extricate himself from the difficulties which began to surround him -—he plunged yet deeper into a life of dis sipation, frequenting the purlieus of the tap both day and night. His inevitable ruin became soon so apparent, that his creditors resolved no longer to brook delay, he was accordingly arrested and lodged in jail, at the instance of one of their number, for a debt of 150. Although Fisher had been weak enough to allow the bad example of others to lead him astray, he was yet far from having reached that pitch of depravity which many of his associates had attained : al though he had neglected his business, and spent in dissipation those means which ought to have been applied to the liqui dation of his debts, he had yet sufficient moral principle remaining, to shudder when one of his drunken associates, named Worral, suggested the expediency of en tering into a scheme to defraud his credi tors, by making over to him the whole of his property which yet remained ; making, at the same time, a private engagement that it should be restored to him as soon as he was permitted to leave the jail. The persuasions of Worral, who represented to him tne ease and safety with which he might thus revenge himself on his credi tor and regain possession of his property, without any incumbrance, soon overcame the feelings of repugnance which he had at first felt, and he consented to make a transfer of all he possessed to Worral, under these conditions. Mr. P. at whose instance Fisher had been incarcerated, finding he was not the owner of the pro perty he had supposed, consented, after some time, to his liberation, as the only means by which he was likely ever to recover the amount of his claim. Fisher immediately on his release, returned to Campbelltown; exulting in the success of his scheme. About a week after Fisher's return, he left his house one evening with the inten tion, it was supposed, of resorting, accord ing to his usual custom, to some of the neighbouring ginshops. Morning came, but his continued absence excited no surprise, as it was supposed that he had got so drunk the previous night, as to be unable to return home. As the day wore on, and no signs of his appearance, a neighbour went to inquire at the various public-houses whether he had been there. He had not been at any of his usual haunts, nor had any person seen him since the previous evening. Many conjectures were made as to the cause of his protracted absence, but no feasible reason could be adduced until the afternoon, when Worral returned from Sydney, whither he said he had accompanied Fisher on the previous evening, who had sailed early that morn ing for England, in order to avoid the importunities of his creditors, who had lately been rather troublesome to him, some of them having even threatened to lodge him again in gaol. This was cor roborated by the fact, that a vessel did sail for England on that day. Worrall's statements set completely at rest all the conjectures which had previously been afloat, as to the cause of Fisher's disap pearance, and he was allowed to take un disputed possession of the property, on producing Fisher's conveyance. Time wore on, and Fisher's name was almost forgotten or never alluded to, except by the deluded creditors, who consoled them- selves for their loss, by venting impreca tions and forming resolutions never again to be so easily gulled. About six weeks after Fisher's disap pearance, Mr. Hurley, a respectable set tler in the vicinity of Campbelltown, was returning thence to his residence ; he had long been acquainted with Fisher, and it is by no means improbable that his mind reverted to his sudden disappear ance, when passing the place where he had so long resided ; be that as it may, however, no doubt as to Worral's state ment ever entered his mind. It was about ten o'clock at night when he left Camp belltown ; the moon had risen, but her brilliance was obscured by clouds. After he had passed the late residence of Fisher, about from five to eight hundred yards, he observed the figure of a man sitting on the top of the fence on the same side of the road as the house. On approaching nearer, what was his surprise to recog nise distinctly, the features of Fisher whom he had supposed then far on his way to England. He approached the figure with the intention of assuring him self that he had not been deceived by a fancied resemblance. The ghastly ap pearance which the features presented to his view on his nearer approach, struck such a chill of terror to his heart, as chained him motionless to the spot. The figure, as he gazed, rose from the fence, and waving its arm pointed in the direc tion of a small dry creek, which crosses the paddock at that place, and disappeared gradually from his view, apparently fol lowing the windings of the creek. The terror which overpowered the faculties of Hurley at this sight, defies all powers of description ; in a state of stupefaction he left the spot, and endeavoured to obtain an entrance into the nearest house, How he managed to find his way to the house he has no recollection, but just as he ap proached it, his senses totally forsook him. The noise caused by his head striking the door as he fell, alarmed the inmates', who on opening it found him lying in a death- like swoon ; he was carried into the house where he lay for a whole week in the de lirium of a brain fever. The frequent mention of the name of Fisher in his ravings, attracted the attention of those who attended him, and conjecture was soon busy at work to ascertain what had driven him into such a state ; his known character for sobriety, as well as the tes timony of those who had parted from him only a few minutes before, forbade the supposition that it had been caused by drunkenness ; and rumour, with her thou sand tongues, turned the villagers' heads with vain conjectures as to its probable cause. On the morning of the ninth day of Hurley's illness, he awoke after a long and refreshing sleep, in the full possession of his senses, and expressed a wish to those around him that the police magis trate should be sent for. William Howe, Esq., of Glenlee, who then filled the situation of Superintendent of Police for Campbelltown and the sur rounding districts, was sent for, and came immediately on being made aware of the circumstances. To him Hurley disclosed what he had seen, and the suspicion of Fisher's having met with foul play which that sight had impressed on his mind. As soon as Hurley was able to leave his bed, Mr. Howe, accompanied by a few constables, among whom was a native black named Gilbert, went, conducted by Hurley, to the place where the apparition had been seen. On closely examining the panel of fencing pointed out, Mr. Howe discovered spots of blood. An active search was conimenced to discover further traces of the supposed murder, but nothing more was observed. It was thought ad visable to trace the course of the creek, in the direction to which the apparition had pointed, and in which it had disappeared. Some small ponds of water still remained in the creek, and these Black Gilbert was directed to explore with his spear ; he carefully examined each as he approached it, but the shake of his head denoted his want of success. On approaching a larger pond than any of those he had before searched, the standers by obssrved his eyes sparkle, as he exclaimed in a tone of tr- umph, while yet at some distance from the pool, " white man's fat sit down here;" as soon as he reached the bank of the pond he thrust his spear into the water, and after some search, he pointed to a par ticular spot in the water, saying " white man there." ..The constables were imme diately set to work to clear away the water, which was soon effected —and on digging among the sand the remains of a human being in an advanced stage of de composition were discovered. It became now obvious to all, that Fisher (if the remains which had been found were really his) had met with an untimely end. Sus- picion alighted on Worral, who was the only person who had reaped any benefit from Fisher's death ; and it was remem bered also that he it was who first propa gated the story of Fisher's return to Eng land. Many circumstances, corroborative of this suspicion, flashed on the minds of the neighbours, which until now had es caped their notice. Mr. Howe caused Worral to be arrested, and the suspicion being confirmed by a body of circumstan tial evidence, he was committed to take his trial before the Supreme Court for the murder. The conviction that retributive justice was now about to overtake him, had such an effect on his mind that he con fessed his guilt. His reason for so bar barous a proceeding arose from the trans action mentioned in the former part of the narrative. Fisher overjoyed at the success of the scheme by which he had defrauded his creditors, forgot to regain possession of the deed of conveyance by which he had made over his propeity to Worral. The thought occurred to Worral that if he could only get Fisher quietly out of the way, he would be able to claim possession of the property in right of that conveyance ; this project had repeatedly occurred to him while Fisher was in jail; and he had resolved even then, either to regain possession of the private agreement which compelled him to restore the pro perty whenever it might be required, or to get rid of him entirely. Foiled in his scheme to obtain possession of this docu ment by Fisher's unexpected liberation, he formed the diabolical scheme which he ultimately accomplished. Under the mask of friendship, he was Fisher's com panion during the day — and night after night he watched Fisher's motions from the time of his return from jail, but had accidentally been foiled in every attempt he had made, until the one on which the murder was committed. On that night he was as usual prowling about Fisher's cottage, looking out for an opportunity to attain his ends, when Fisher, tempted by the beauty of the evening, left his house to take a walk, followed at some distance by Worral. At the place where the blood was afterwards discovered, Fisher stopped and leant against the fence, apparently wrapped in deep thought. The assassin had now before him the opportunity he had so long waited for, and taking up a broken panel of the fence, he stole quietly behind him, and with one blow of his weapon stretched him lifeless on the ground ; he carried the dead body from the scene of the murder to the place where it was afterwards discovered, and buried it deep in the sand. A few weeks after he had made the confession he expiated his crime on the scaffold, imploring with his last breath the forgiveness of his Maker. E. The Sentiments of the Soldiers in the Present Crisis. — A letter in the Times, signed by a ' Non-commissioned Artilleryman,' in making some remarks upon street-fighting, winds up with the following observations as to the feeling | which prevails among the soldiery : — ' It j is true that disciplined troops hate riots I and mobfighting, and they hate also riotous times ; for in riotous times our guard duty becomes heavy, and a night duty (arms almost in hand) is put upon us ; our wives anil children are sent off ; ! our furloughs are at end, and sudden | movements to distant and inferior quarters j impoverish us ; and when thus harrassed, i provoked, and impoverished, we look about for the cause ; and we find the cause to : proceed from a party about to play the game of plunder, confusion, and murder, | or from that sullying Irish party which j has ever shown a rebellious front when thunder-storms mutter in foreign lands, we know where our hate is due, and we know also, that the day of reckoning is reserved for us, after some three or four hundred of ' flat- foots' and cavalry have been (as the Repealers have it) cut up' and ' cut down.' We can give this positive assu rance to all those who would play the fool at the cannon's mouth — that when real fighting is required from British troops, the artillery will stand to their guns, and every cannon-ball they send upon its death march will do a fearful and terrible duty.' The Slave Trade. — Three large steam ers, with engines from 200 to 300 horses' power, have been filted at Bahia for the slave trade. One of these, with 900 slaves, lately escaped from the brig-of-war Sea- lark, by steaming away from her during a calm. In some instances a small empty vessel has been sent out to decoy the cruisers away in chase, while larger ves sels have embarked cargoes, and escaped. Irish Elk. — The greater portion of a skeleton of the ancient Irish elk, in a fossil state, was discovered last week at Timahoe, in the Queen's County, by some labourers employed by Mr. Edge, in sinking a new mill course. The remains were discovered at a depth of eight feet, in a gravelly stratum, beneath some moory land, for many years a level meadow. The earth enclosing the skeleton had all the ap pearance of having never been disturbed. The head and antlers were preserved by Mr. Philip Cooper, of Timahoe. Obsolete Holidays. — -Th. non-observance of holrdays is a matter of greater moment than most persons imagine. "Festivals," says Southey, "when duly observed, at tach men to the civil and religious insti tutions of their countrj' ; it is an evil, therefore,, when they fall into disuse. A holiday that has been spent in an agree able and rational manner has an invigor ating effect, and the anticipated holiday is still more animating ; besides, unceasing toil is injurious, and an excess of labour, like all other excesses, is mischievous, and destroys the' power of labouring." 