A VOICE OF INSTRUCTION. Jambs Jamison Shbasgbben, of Belfast, in that part of the British Dominion called Ireland, To the people of Wellington, and all those who are Inclined to hear and understand, even as man; as the Lord himself in mere; shall call. Whereas, by revelation in the year 1840, the Papal Irish and North American Indians, are the offspring of the Lord's ancient people; and in the West Indian Islands many of them will be found. For this reason, fearing to offend God by a wilful neglect of duty, I re quest in his name, that the public press be used as an instrument to circulate my testimony, received, not by vain tradition, or imagination of a deceitful heart, but from the most High, the only trne, and ever lasting God. Yet recollect the inspired writings, of the Old and New Testaments, are intended for the spiritual instruction of men, whereby the creature may love and reverence the Creator; and not to gratify vain curiosity, as a touchstone for scoffers to cherish the wide spread of infidelity, which now rules the strongholds of the earth. Therefore let those who wish to escape the wrath already kindled, and the chastening hand of the Lord smiting the nations, repent immediately; lest, like Pharaoh and his host at an unguarded moment, their hearts be hardened to their own destruction. Re garding tbe same, in Illustration of the great and dreadfnl day of tbe Lord, may the Author of every good and perfect gift, enlighten the eyes of your understanding to learn a parable of tbe Sower, who may perceive the ingathering of the harvest drawing nigh, although a few months beforehand. He knoweth not the day, hour, or minute, the full heads of wheat, or any other produce, will be ready for the in tended harvest. Also, the words of Amos the Prophet (chap, iv, 6, v to the end), during the Mosaic dispensation, the great type of Christendom, has not only a striking similarity, bnt corresponding in every one respect with the apostacy and judgments of the same. The mystery of iniquity preparing the way for the wine press of the wrath of God, at the great harvest of the earth, when by reason of transgression, He shall march through the land in indignation ; He shall drive the nations asunder; a fire shall be raised upon Magog in the land of Juda, and among them that dwell carelessly in tbe Isles, even the Isles of Power, shadowing with wings, as mountains of brass, (Zech. chap, vi), not easy shaken, terrible to behold; whose spiritual strength and wisdom are their weapons of war, and not tbe Lord of Hosts. Oh that the nations were wise; that they would draw nigh and kiss the Son, while He is hear, lest they be consumed In the way, for In tbe depth of great waters, who can ap proach nnto him} Moreover, prompted by unfeigned love to all men, fearing tbe awfnl destiny of many, and responsibility resting upon myself for a wilful cowardly neglect of duty, by the fear of men offending God, when first authorised to speak at the commencement of this tremendous crisis, in the month of Jane, in the year of onr Lord, 1845. ~For this reason I charge thee, as an Ambassador of the Most High, the Everlasting God. die Mighty Prince of Peace, be not overcome with vain argnments, proceeding from an overflow of misguided oratory, whereby unscriptural ideas may shine forth as an angel of light False Cbrists have already appeared upon the earth, deceiving many; and in these last degenerate days, since the reign of Con stantino, when the Church gained power, and departed from the Apostolical Faith, the New Testament Prophets were recited and persecuted, human intellect and understanding adopted in preference to the gifts of theiHoly Ghost; which were intended to instruct and admonish the Church against spiritual aggression throughout the whole Christian dispensation, to the niter ruin of Pentecost, (James, chap. 5 v. 7) and kingdom of the Most High fully established. By reason of this apostacy quenching the true spirit of prophecy, (Mica, chap. 3 v. 5 to the end), which caused the Hebrew natioc to overlook the humiliation of their Lord and King, the Gentile Church treading in the steps of the Scribes and Pharisees, is now left to grope its way through the powers of spiritual darkness and infidelity. False pro phets and teachers foretold of old, sitting in places where they ought not to be, still continue to exercise their influence; I refer not here alone, where I believe many in sacred office are well inclined, I mean thronghout all the lands of Gentile apostacy), causing many nominal and professing Christians, puffed up with the wisdom of a perishing world, esteeming it, diving into the hidden mysteries of God, to know the season of their visitation; by resisting a mass of scriptural evi dence, as if determined to remain in wilful ignorance of the same, their conduct cries aloud, Where Is the promise of His coming ? Therefore while they slumber on the watch, resting in carnal security, under the disguised name of living unto God, the final outpouring of wrath will overtake them as a snare and a thief, like the fermenting of leaven, scarce perceptible till the whole is fermented. Nature may appear to hold its regular course, and ail things continue as they were at the beginning; but the morning of that day sbined clear which brought destruction on the cities of Sodom and Gomorah, where many of Lot's relations In comparison to the wickedness of that place, were no doubt professors of religion, which caused Abra ham to Intercede in their behalf, yet they beard the solemn warning of God's Intended judgment with contempt, and perished amidst the ungodly, the awful destiny awaiting many of a similar class in these days; even Lot and bis family lingered behind and would have suf fered In like manner had it not been for the timely interference of the angels. Nevertheless it is nol the wish of a wise Creator that the creature should labour as it were in the very fire, but that the knowledge of His glory should be spread abroad as the waters [cover tbe mighty deep. For this and every other reason God is just in ail His ways; who according to His lovingkindness, In much mercy ' leaving space for repentance, often works by slow degress before the final outpouring of His wrath. Let the above and following sentence be clearly understood and kept In remembrance. He hath not left it In our pewer to plead Ignorance! The watch Is given whereby his servants, a little flock, may be waiting to receive him. For at midnight (typifying the spiritual darkness and misunderstanding of the age), while the nations are partaking of the enp of trembling, a voice is beard, foretold in many parts of Scripture, under various symbolical expressions, which can not be discerned in these days, exeept by tbe express teaching of the Spirit; " Behold the bridegroom cometh"—not that be is come, for a lapse of time and separation takes place between tbe wise and foolish virgins, who all slumbered and slept. Tbe former having erred In spiritual knowledge, arc brought to uuderatandlng by tbe prophetic signs of the times, as the tender leaves appear in the branches, go forth to meet their Lord. The latter, not denying bnt what he will come as a snare and a thief, remain in unbelief to see the fig-tree bearing fruit; by misbelieving God's Word, know not their visitation; while his judgments were manifest to those escaped of the nations; In the midst of tribulation are given up to a reprobate mind, and enter not into his rest. Moreover, that part of tbe world was not converted within the limits of tbe law and the testimony under the Mosaic dispensation; it ended In an apostacy attended by a serious judgment; for a judgment, such as the siege of Jerusalem (Micah, chap. 3, v. 12), without an apostacy, would never, never be consis tent with the character of a just and merciful Creator; he delightclh not In chastisement except for a wise purpose, for thus saith the Psalmist, " Before I was afflicted I went astray." The Church also, after a long rest from persecution, often departs from its first love, and is cast iuto the furnace of affliction, in order to be thoroughly cleansed and purified; and is furthct confirmed by an angel, not a , vcclesliaI spirit; noryctangels, orguardians-ef-tho Chnreh-; bat, ne 'e riling to.syinbofical language, an angel is seen flying, cr spreading bis mission, in (lie midst of the ecclesiastical -and political heavens of (lie eaitli, explained by having llie everlasting Gosp 1 to preach to ■all the nations of the eaitli, saying, "Bepent ye, and giveglory to "God."* Bnt be wise, 1 charge ail men tn~ remember what follows " for the hour of lias judgment is come." (It--v. cliap. *4, v. 6, 7.^ Now an apastacy is thc- forerunner of judgment. Therefore the fond \- dreams of many regarding the emrrrsion of the world before the millennial kingdom be'fjlly established in righteousness cannot be tealised, and roust give place to the ovide.ice of -Se.riptire, in prefe rence to the earnest expectation of the crestuie; neieitliele-s, it is the duty of the Cnri^tinn ciiircli to support and encmnage every effort of missionaty eiiterpn e. otherwise we cause a breach of the faith once delivered to 'the saints. In like manner, if-we believe tSoil's Word (f.ir there are wiany.in these days will find, with shame and confusion, they believe him noi). -By the Hoods of popular agitation, attempting to overwhelm the political heavens of the earth, "-easting their stars vo the ground, whieh even h-ie, iu the outskirts of prophecy, in the-measure of God's wrath, will yet bear-witness against this prophetic land. Also by the sounding of "trumpets, pouring out of -vials,-fire, sword, ' famine, pestilence, earthquakes (literal and symbolical), inundations, -and scorching heat of an approaching comet, visible by daylight, \- causing va pours Of smoke, attended by a sweeping, dreadful convul sion of the elements,- shaking terribly the ends of the earth: likewise perp'exilies of nations, the sea nh -emblpm of the ungodly world, "-with the waves thereof roaring, add men's hearts failing them for fear of those tilings coming to pass. Furthermore, in addition "to these ^messengers of wiatb and-£ery iudign ition. overlook ng many others of equal importance, rorrespondirgwith (lie-whole tenor of ScripLnre • (Joel chap. 2. v.-25, 29, 30, 31), aeccrdiiig to prophecy, even in the . year 1845, alterations have taken place in the sun's disc. Also the \- moon, an emblem of the Church, has literally withdrawn her light. All these "are signs f retelling' Gentile apostacv and judgments in the latter days; having had a partial fulfilment at die siege of Jerusalem, "'while the neighbouring nations beyond ilie limits of Judea were spared \- far a season. Immediately after that tribulation, according to the pouring out the vials, the judgments gradually extend throughout the \- limits of Christian aposlacy, even to the Pagan natrons But not alweysat one time and place, having at Intervals a -season of rest, that the mercy, forbearance, and long-suffering of God may h ad many • to repentance, tow diawiug nigh a linalconclnsion, ending in a time \- of universal trouble, such as never wis since there was a nation even \- unto that selfsame tittle Then shall the seed of Israel be healed and \- exalted above all nations in the-flesh, an i a mixed multitude of Gcn | tiles partake of their ingathering to serve the Lord, the Lord of Hosts, in the blessed land- of Emanuel, forvhe sanctuary of the Most \- High includes many nations. As all the families of the earth in sacred covenant with Israel shall \- partake of similar blessiugs except the (cwbeing as scarce then as now numerous, wbo'ln direct opposition tn spiritual truth, although ' the power, Wisdom, and mercies of tlie Most High are fully mauifert to all the nations of the earth, still continue the seed of the universal revolt at the end of (he milleneum (Ezekicl c. 6 7. r. 11.) Of wliicli \- space will not permit me to enlirge upon, as It is mire prudent to ' withdraw "fronr the -same, least by-searching Into, we lose sight of \- those e'vehts attending our present positionin regard of prophecy. "Beloved brethren, let him that readctli understand. Immediately after the pouring out of the-sixth vial, under which we now labour, -fast drawing to a close; the great scourge of the Ottoman Empire, It is written, "Beliold I come as a thief;'' therefore allye inhabitants \- of the world and dwellers upon earth see yon to it; when he lifteth up an ensign upon the mountains, and when he blowclh a trumpet \- hear you it. (Isaiah, chap. IS); or great, great, will - be the con denotation of many in the sight of that righteous God, who judgeih Jioi according to the seeing andhaartng of men ; for past experience confirm, and support Divine authority, He cometb not reaping where he has not first-sown, and Will not be left without a firing 'witness to testify before the'eoming of the great and dreadful -day oi "the Lord. He hath acted with tliisgeoerailon in everyone respect according to his former system of judgment and mercy. Inconclu \- sion, judgment has not in times past, no, nor never will overtake an individual family or nation without the parties concerned being fairly forewarned, in language suitable to their capacities, -whereby ' those who- wish to understand may by prayer and supplication escape \- the threatening dafiger;commencing with the first neglect of prophecy, \- from before the tall of Adam -ctco to an unfulfilled event. When ' Satan,-released from his boml«, shall deceive the nations of the earth once more at the final revolt and apostacv of rebellions man, against a just and "merciful Creator, who is always clear when-hc spcakcth, and true when lie judgeth. "He that hath au ear to hear let hira ' hear." A voice of revealed instruction f.oro the" Temple, a voice of such an Irish Hebrew, "cryin p in the wilderness I'rcparc ye the way of the Lord, moke liis path'straight."—THE BRANCH. (Hie following letter was intended for publication in the year 1S45.) Several spiritual commentators on the unfulfilled scripture pro i-pliecies of tlio Old and New Testaments, amongst wliom are Bishops Jlordey and Faber, liave set forth the destiny of Great Britain, as a maritime power, under tlie typical name of Egypt, referred to in -the xix chap.-of Isaiah. According to the present pcrveisc spirit in the midst thereof, and hostile preparations, in case of emergency, against external and interna) aggression, attended by messengers at times and places, and the identity of one corresponding with the comet of that prophetic year, 1793. the forerunner then, ns" It is now. of a great political earthquake, the shock at intervals extending throughout all {be lands of Christian Aposlncv, to the latter end of the indignation; the time determined on the desolate be accomplished and miilenial glorj fully established. But fear not little flock; the wise will understand the nature and season of their visitation, while many of those uncharge of the ministry, the Great Sower, in several of His parables, lias-foretold their neglect of dniy, as servants who \- call him Lord and Master,for fear of being called mad or foolish, by offending the rich and respectable ef their flock, conceal the ' threatening danger from the Church: as if determined to bury their natural talents in the earth, and close the sac redpoll of prophecy, \- which the Lion of the -Tribe of Judab, hath been prevailed upon to open, saying, Blessed are theywho hear, read, and keep the things ' -which are written therein; for the lime is at-hand. -God can use humble means, which the haughty pride and ignorance of men -often treat with contempt. '-For in this barren-portion of the great vin yard, the prophetic Midian of the south, some one the trumpet must sound. The-days of -visitation are come, Ephraim and Judab shall - knew it with violence, in the Land of Palestine; the King of the North pushing towards the south, in secret league withconfederate powers, his forces to advance East and West These conclusive signs, confirmed by fresh revelation, these who read may understand, 'the shadow of their prediction originating -from sublimeantbority, ' has already-commenced-; and entered on another era, pregnant with mighty everts, long held in derision, about to -be unfolded. But not ' by aii immediate eonrpleteextertmnalroi of men in die fiesli, as some ignoranlly imagine, nc, many through much tribulation will be ■ cleansed and purified. Judgment being at first limited to the seat of the fonr empires of Nebuchadnezzar's Image, (restored for a season to their proper position, at the independence of Greece, 1290 years after the -dominion of the Little Horn 533), as preparatory to the ushering in of the present dispensation. -And this, the intermediate \- year, previous to that period occupied in the final settlement and or ganization of the Mesiah's reign. Therefore the political destiny of -our once happy, but now fallen world, is rapidly approaching =tbe outskirts of prophecy. Remain not then in unbelief to see the-fig tree bearing fruit; but separate from the foolish virgins, who for want of faith neglect the Golden Oil, or Grace of God to illuminate their path, through the scenes of perplexity and desolation deter -miued to the end. For the tender leaves have shot -forth their -branches. Then know it is eizh at hand, even at the door,-as a -snare and a thief, by reason of unbelief to overtake them that dwell upon the earth. A Bbbhew. -Haviijg-now given to tbe world what has been committed to me by my brother in the Lord, in New Zealand, I, John -i-rt/Vanberyl, as a Nazirene Hebrew a branch of God's true Turtle Dove, and an ambassador of Him who was set for Hbe fall and rising -gain of many in Israel, having set to my seal that God is true and-immutable to his prophets, do de clare that the day is come, the time is come, tbe day of trouble is near this profane, wicked, intolerable land of-filthy - murrain intoxication, and which is even forced by European example and usurpation upon the p->or innofensive aboriginal population. Nay it will be mrre tolerable for those colonies -called penal, in the day of visitation, than for thiB cursed land; a seed of evildoers, there is no soundness in it; it is full of wounds end bruises and petrifying sores, of whore -doms, adulteries, fornications, and bed defilements, com mitted by a brutish generation who have emigra ed from tbe land of light and knowledge, who, instead of making this a land of purity and uprightness, have forsaken that which was pure and holy, corrupted'their ways, given themselves -up to the-worship of Mammon and the lusts of the -flesh, thus gradually biinging the murrain pesti'ence of tbe land upon themselves, in every department, from the highest to tbe lowest, and spreading it far and wide. Let all who have dwelt long enough in the land call to remembrance tbe Sent Ambassador of tbe Lord and bis warning <1 allude to E. \V Hodgson). What, I ask, did he -stand outside the Cou't-house for, four days during the ses sj ins, refusing during that time, between sunrise and sun set, all preferred sustenence or gratuity, what but to deliver, in a 1 earnestness and sincerity, bis message, by the word of bis mouth, instead of through the medium of tbe Press? But s.ili it was to prepare the way for the Prpss as the ■wift messenger of tbe Gospel of the latter day. Be it known that at that time (Hodgson having made known to me, by evident signs, his true character and mission) 1 warned every man not to raise his voice against him. Never theless. when some sons of Belial tried to move tbe authori ties by fals-.'ly imputing to him unsoundnesss of mind, there were not wanting men of judgment and right understanding who attributed his apparent insanity to the right cause. Amongst these Dr Kent (the medical gentleman who exa mined Mm on the occasion) will have reason to bless the So vereign Disposer of Ms heart and voice, for enabling Mm to give that remarkable -and honest reproof to Hodgson's per secutors, the physiognomy judges, in their secret designs of rebellion against the .Lord (Jeremiah xxviii. 16), namely, that he wished those who sought to deprive the Prophet of his liberty were as sane as he was. We, heavenly ambassadors, eat no man's bread for nought; we ask not for State support; nor for subscription-lists to consecrate bricks, and stones, and untempered mortar. These we deem unhallowed means, some of the many devices of that subtle power, which, assuming the appearance of an angel of light, has from the commencement deceived the very elect, and is even now cradling in security the whole of Christendom, and amusing the "whole great Agog Gentile ; apostacy with the last cumedy of the March of Intelke now enacting upon its stage, in the forms of carnal washings, mesmerism, clairvoyance, etherization, animal magnetism; freewill electricity, human exorcism, and Swedenborgian oracles of Metemsychosis Thus amused aud luhed into false security, tbe deluded sons of men cry, *• Peace, Peace!" until sudden destruction J coraeth upon them. I But 1 must now allude to the celestia) sign which is at this moment prefiguring the final catastrophe, I mean the comet spoken of by my fellow- witness Sheasgreen, and which any one not wilfully blind, who watches the rising sun, may observe near tbe great luminary. This daylight comet I have seen for some months past, and latterly with the naked eye. It is tbe same as appeared here in 1843.t and was afterwards visible in America and th> Northern' States. It then followed the sun ; now it takes precedence, and is descending with a rapid motion towards the earth, and will shortly prove a cup of trembling to all mjtions. (Jeremiah xxv. 17. 31); when the elements shall melt with -fervent heat, and when as Christ predicted, every luon li that beareth not fruit shall he purged or separatetf liom the dross of the gentile apostacv, and nominal secta- , rian prcfp'tion "For thus saith the Lord of Hosts, by the Prophet -Hicc.-ii, then in the second" yeaT oT this present grear .diagonal tiery meteoi's first orhir, which asiswera to the year of cnr -Lord 1845. " Yet once, it is a little while, and ! will shake the heavens, and the e-.th, «nd the e. a, and the dry land ; and f uiii shake al: n-<tiws, and (be Desire of aU nations sh ill come" •( Haggai ii (5.7) ; whilst those things which cannot be shaken, truth, integrity, peace, and joy will -remain, »r.d lie firmly established lor ever. What menne*h tin* " Yer once, a little while," &c; This iK the great fiery rneti-or tiow visible, Bitd foretold to he the har binger of conflagration by the great Sir Isaac Newton, in his last hours. "It is-Jeremiah's cup tof trembling to all cations the gre<t comet courier of the day of the Lord, which is truly called "the grandeur of the 'Lord, and which i long ago foretold by the measuring 1'nes of prophecy, which were the parallels of the ensiens of my virion. But besides this great diagonal Passover meteor comet of 575 years' orbit from the rebuilding of tbe material temple, or the first Passover out of Babylon,-A.M. 3547, there is a congregation of comets, whose outrun orbits are typical of the wheels within wheels-of Ezekiel's vision. There is, for iuetance, the comet of Beth'ehero, blazing in tbe horizon, havingum its orbit our, and also the star comet of Naza reth. having completed its orbit-: the me appeared at the time of the decree of Augustus Csesar, and the other at 12th year of our Lord's age (see Luke ii. 43 ; Matt. ii. 2. 23). There-is also visible the comet of the return of Israel from Padanaran (53 years" orbit) having outrun its orbit; be sides many more of these celestial messengers than lean number, now iiivcoDjuticti'in for the New Jerusalem. These are the signs which are to follow them that believe, to give the knowledge of Salvation unto God's people, to perform the mercy promised to our fathers, and to vemerober-His holy covenant whereby the dayspring from on high hath visited us, to give light-to them that sit in darkness and in the region of'the shadow of death, to guide our feet into the way-of peace. '(Luke i. 78.) But there is nn darkness nor shadow of death where the workers of iniquity may hide; themselves (Job xxxiv. 22); for it taketh hold of the ends of the earth that the wicked might be shaken out of it; for Jehovah hath caused the dayspring to know his place, to stand as a garment of astonishment (Zech. iii 8. 9), called the hairy garment of wonder, Where then will the Brond- . bent rind tbe ' XT Z,," workers -of rebellion hide them selves from the flaming sword of the Lord, the awful gran deur of fhe Lord by St. Peter, which is now about ;o be revealed"! The sword doubled the third time is the sword of the staiu, it is the sword of the great me a that are slain, which entereth into their privy chambers. "Behold, He comet hT' Behold the Lord coinetb with ten thousands of His saints (Jude 14. &c.;) with-the sounding of the trumpets ofthe Maranatha. The Lord eometh to manifest the thiid and highest degree of excommunication of the tares at rlie ingathering of the harvest. Then time shall be no longer; and woe to tire scoffers of that day, that have belied me and my brother .Hodgson, my cadet, or younger brother in the discipline of our Lord, for our weapons are cot carnal hut spiritual, for we build-on no other foundation than that is laid, the Nnarene, the chief corner-stone ofthe Branch • we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but Against princi palities, against powers, agaiust the rulers of .the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness In high places, -with tbe -sword of the Spirit which is the Word of God (Eph. vi. 12, 17, 20). The wickedness of scoffing and spiritual drunkenness is ignorance and senselessness replying and contending against the power of God, or denying his power, say'ng, " The time is not yet come, for the "Jews are not yet called not kuow ing the law,'nor the power of the law, which saith none de voted which shall be devoted of men shall be redeemed, but shall surely he put to death.; for the Messiah came not, nor is coming, to destroy the law, but to fulfil it. But who may abide the day cf his coming? and who may pass under the rod of his indignation ? and who shall stand when he ap peareth ?—for he is like a refiner's fire, and he shall sit as a refiner and purifier, and he shall purify the sons of Levi. All the sons of God must also pass under the rod. There are none called nor any redeemed until they have passed under the rod of his inheritance. Also the land itself must be purified first and salted ; the barren land made fruitful ; and all bitter w iters made living or sweet waters. What the Lord has promised to do shall be accomplished in one day. In that day shall tire Branch of the Lord be "beautiful and glo rious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel, after the rod lias passed over it, hy the spirit of judgment and hv the spirit of burn ing. (Isaiah iv. 2, 4; Zech iii. 8;. vi. 12). Not as though the Word of "God hath taken none effect, for they are not all' Israel which are of Israel (Rom. ix. 6) ; but he is a Jew which is one inwardly, and circumcision is that of the heart in the spirit, and not in the letter, whose praise is not of men but of God (Rom. ii, -29). And when this cometh to pass, lo, it will come: it is even at the doors-s then shall they know that a prophet hath keen among them. I could add much more by way of warning, but I must now leave those infidel scoffers, who deny the coming of the Lord, to ponder their own predicted doom, " Behold, ve despisers, and wonder -and perish." X urn Sir. Your obrdunt Servant, John Lo'Vaneeryl, Little Adelaide, May 4rb, 1848. 