MISCELLANEA. We are happy to he oble to say that Her «foi«.. . illuMnous Consort, and the Royal children «A* ." exe«.fat health. Sir Robert Peel arrivedftSÄ»"* on I'liirsday April 27th, and ln¿the hom^an^ the Royal circle at dinner. "at lighThon i IBg wn»medat^ne,c.i«nlay.èitv4toIto^T and Prince Albert. The Marchioness 0f Douro t 7 ThuSy"'* ,0 the Q,,Ueni °,rri'ed at «Ki We could fill our paper, says Be«'« »'«% ¿|,CHC . the accounts which reachusfrom all peri* olia, eC,,?*, mee.ings held lo semi up tothe throne «l.eco,,gVÄ°f of all classes of society nt the late signal defeat "f , Chartists, audio assure He, "Majesty 0f the 1 ''? loyalty of her suhjieu and their ij dltéïmi,Ä maintain that constitution which, under God li«,T. J England at the head of the nations of the earth P The election of Governor and Deputy-Governor,^ .1 Bank of England took place on Tu.X IrL'0 James Morris, Esq., was declared elected GovernT . i H. J. Prescott, Esr, , Deputy-Governor olÏ fl k* April lo. »«»i At tlio assizes at Taunton, on Monday, J Ford D n Ford, J. Lewis, and F. Garland, were indict«! í!, forging a codicil lo tile will of Mr. W. Slack. .n," were two indictments, one for forging t|,e W¡H, and ,° other, which was the occasion of the present trial, fir forging the codicil. The deceased bad been a linen draper, and had amassed property valued at£600l)o" Tlie counsel for the prisoners having addressed the" ¡ure on their behalf, the case was withdrawn as to Mrs Garland. Air. Justice Wightman summed up, mid the' jury found all Hie other prisoneis guiliy. The» Were accordingly sentenced -- Daniel Davis Ford, to 20 years'transportation ! John Ford, 15 years'transporta lion; mid John Davis. IO youis'transportation. The case lusted from two o'clock on Monday until Wed. ncsday evening.-April 15. On Thursday the Lord Aluj or gave a grund dinner to Lord Hardinge, nfter the preientation of the freedom to the noble lord nt the Court of Common Council. Tile membcis of the Carlton Club, on Wednesday evening entertained Viscount llnrdinge to n splendid banquetât the Club House, Pall mall. The banquet took place in the magnificent coffee-room, which is 9ß feet long, 36 feet wide, and 25 feet high. Covers were laid for ¿04. Lord Sultoun presided, mid was supported right and lelt hy Viscount Hardinge and the Duke of Wellington. The tousts »ere of the usual character, and the speeches breathed tile spirit of loyalty to the Sovereign, and devotion to Hie piineiples of patriotism_April 15. A letter from Naples of the aist March announces tlio departuie of Alehemet Ali, whose lie.iltli had not improved, and who, agitated hy the stale of affairs in Euiupe, had resolved upon returning to Egypt. The Germans in Alaiichester have subscribed 1'oUO for the benefit ol the poor sufferers in the late revolution ut Bellin. , At the late Merionethshire Assizes there was not a singlo piisuuer for trial, and not u single cause on the piper; two f.iets which speuk highly tor Welch morality und wisdom. Tlie regular army of all ranks in the United Kingdom on Hie 1st of January hist, consisted of 66,417 men, of whom 33,421 were stationed in England, and 30,995 in Ireland. The grand total (including the coloui.il forces) amounted to 12;) 992 runk und file. -The number of lecruits last yeur amounted to 18,0 J J, against 23.878 in lrJ46. Tlie health of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland gives serious uneasiness to his friends and leads to the apprehension that he will have to retire from the unceas- ing toil which he deems inseparable from the high adieu which he so well occupies. At four o'clock in the morning be is preparing for the business of the day, which is not concluded until after midnight, 'i'liii mental and bodily toil has made au alarming inroad on Ins constitution The number of houses charged with window duty in tlio year ending the 5th of April, 1846, was 463,018, and the net amount received, £1,761,163. The number of bouses elinrged in Hie >cnr 1847, was 474,245, and the net amount received ti,788 664. Of the twelve towns in England paying the largest amount, Liverpool con- tributes the greatist number of houses, in 1846-7 having been 10,325, ami the tax received £'29,830. Some of the mure influential pupils of the late Canon Tate, anxious to do iionour to his memory, have coin, menced a subscription for the purpose. _ Tiley con- template rebuilding, in a proper and befitting style, the ancient grammar school in his native town of Richmond, Yorkshire, where lie himself was educated, and where nfiei wards, as head master, duringa period of ¡Hi j ears, belaboured so zealously in extending the stund ml of classical education in this country. At the head of the list of buhseiibers stands the names of the A rchbislio» of York, the Earl of Zetland, the Denn of Ely, Arch deacon Alusgrave, Vicar of Halifax, Archdeacon Thorp, M. T. Baines, Esq.. Q.Com! M.P..F. T. Dinsdale, Esq. LL D., Lincoln's-iun. ihe Vicars of Galeford, Catterick, Kirby Lonsdale, &c.; The Provisional Government having issued a decree that they intend to enter into contracts for 23 0011 cavalry hoi ses, for placing the various cavalry regiments iii their full complement of steeds, several French contractors are at present in the north of England making purchasesol first-rate chargers for the officers of tlie Artillery, He«y , Dragoons, Lancers, Chasseurs, and Hussars, and ttoop horses. , . - Yesterday. April 28, being fixed for the enthronisation or his Giace the Archbishop of Canterbury, a Isrge con- course of the gentry end clergy of the diocese assembled at tlie Cathedral of that city, to witness, or take part in. Hie ceremony A greater degree of interest than usual was excited Irom the fact that this was the first lime, tor more than a century, that the enthronisation of na archbishop in person had taken place, the solemnity having been during that period performed by P">x). Shortly ufter ten o'clock the cathedral doors were thrown open, und every available seat lil the spacious choir was occupied. Admission was obtained by tickets, of which no fewer than 9UU were distributed. Among« those present were.Ah* ¡Marquis. «*. »"r^mbv Cout nallam umTLoid A. Conyngham. Dr. »uriaby, Hie Vicur General, Sir B. Dud»«, Mr- deedes, M.I*M Mr. Rice, M.P., Sir E. Dering, the Earl and Countess of Delawnrr, Lord and Lady Sondes G. A. M arr, A.MW the High Sheiiffof Hie County, the right Hon. *>. it. Lushington, Lady Sarah Finch and the Hun;,1Lol°"" Finch, Lord Guernsey, Mis» Plumptre, &c; 1 here »as also avery numerous attendance of the diocesan clergy, about 200 being present. .. _h¡,i. The Duchess of Northumberland, emigrant ship, wiuen s died from Plvmoutboii »be2Utof July lust, arrivea at Adelaide on the ¿8th of October. Hie An,,a:w,'" sailed from Plymouth on Hie Ü9th of Aog»t. «nwtlon the 15th of December, all well. Mr. Wilood*. »»» emigration agenl of Plymouth, ha» received a le»« from some eiuigiants he sent out last **mmf'¿?'n* their entire satisfaction with the colony, and «"*«"» got 7s. per day immediately on their ^¿J^^Z the convenience ol persons desirous of cmtj»»« '" Adelaide und Port Phillip. *'»> «" n0,t #f'f ' J fi"" free passage. Mr. Wilcoeks has ?nanged «..«.? first-class ship shall sail ftom Plymouth on^He 30«. of May. taking steerage passengers ut a very reauw rate of pay ment. - Plymouth Journal. "l,i",,,on The marriage of Captain Charles U-nnox *|J; f^ of Mr. Laurence and Lady Jane Peel, wi h I he « Caroline Chichester, eldest daiigher of JHie lal. *« sister of the present Lord Templemore, «asi solemnsu on Thursday, April 27. at St. ,<!«».»» J¿g¿ Piccadilly. The biide was attired n a white gta«j>* dress, willi deep flounces of »russel» lace, and a re. the same costlymatirid. The Very ^ »hen"wflrnleli Worcester, uncle to «he g.Ua.it bridegroom. P«» the ceremony. The bride wa. attended by hefoil own« bridesmaids .'-Lady Augusta Gordon «f»"?^/, Cecilia Gordon Lennox? Hon. Augusta t "c iu«r. lion. Hariet Hanbury. Hun. A«gu»W Çrot"" «.^ the Misses Olivia and Constance Peel. All me«- ^ wore * litte muslin chesses and white stan», afienioon Hie happy pair left town for Frogial. » the seat of Viscount Sydney, wl.cr» lüey «." *Pe,,ü honeymoon. The Conway tube. 130° ton* we"jht, was i o'neil 14 feet on Monday morning, and is now within ti inches of its per- manent level. The presses raised this weight at the rate of 12 feet per hour. Only 10 men were engaged in the operation-.April la. Cantain Sir G W. Kent, Batt., 1st Life Guards, expired suddenly on Saturday« April 8, while at barracks with his regiment, it is supposed from the bursting of a blood-vessel. An effort is being made to collect subscriptions to raise a monument in Edinburgh lo the memory of Duncan Macintyre, the Gaelic poet, who died in that city, at nu advanced age, in 1812, and was buried in the Greyfriars' churchyard. Government has declined tue aid of an armed constabulary in Glasgow. An attempt was made to get up a Chartist demonstration on Monday night, on Calton-hill, Scotland, but the elements were unfavourable to the project, and the love of the Charter was not proof against a cutting east wind, accompanied by a smart rain. The Wicklow election has been a very sharp contest. At the close of the poll on Wednesday, Sir R. Howard was seventeen a head of his rival, Mr. Monck. The polling was to close on Thursday. The Riband of the Order of the Thistle, vacant by tho demise of the late Marquis of Bute, has, it is stated, been conferred on the Earl of Campcidown, and not on the Duke of Argyll. The previous vacancy among the knights of that ancient order, by the death of the Earl of Moray, was tilled up by the appointment of the Earl of Dalhousie, the Govcrnot- General of India. The ex-King of,"the French (the Count de Nuuilly) lives At Claremont in a state of almost penury, denying himself even those small luxuries which hod become all but necessaiies from long use to a man of his time of life ; even with the most ligid economy, however, it is said that his income is still insufficient for his maintenance, and that in a year or two, if he survives so long, be will be completely destitute. It can, however, scarcely be the intention of the French government to sequestrate the private properly not only uf the ex-King, but of his whole family. The dowers of his sons' wives are said to be almost entirely invested either in French funds, or in land in France and whatever claim the nation may have upon the Royal estates, it can by no process that we are aware of be extended to property thus acquired. \- Times The appointment of Colonel Sir W. M. G. Colebrook, Knight, to be Governor and Commander-in-Chief of British Guiana and its dependencies, has been gazetted. The further issue of the new rive-shilling piece would appear to be suspended, if indeed not entirely abandoned. It appears that the design cannot be worked properly out, except at a very large amount of additional labour to the moneyers of the Royal Mint, About 8000 have been issued. The impressions arc now quickly bought up by silversmiths and others, and as much as 30s. has been obtained for one. The new two-shilling piece is shortly expected to come into circulation. The Liverpool Albion says-" Our corporation baths bave been opened to the soldiers quartered in this town, and a few days sitice 600 men availed themselves of the privilege." Dr. Lyon Playfair has constructed, at the college at Putney, on electro-magnet larger than any hitherto made. In the Arches Court on Wednesday, April 26, Sir II. .1. Fust pronounced for a separation in the suit instituted by Mrs. Gells against her husband, Mr. John Edward Gells, of Shinfield-with-Swallowfield, in the county of Berk. On Wednesday, April 26th. the entire of the valuable timber, principally oak, standing in the woods at Stowe, Foscott, Thornborough, Kinmore, Hillesden, Falcon, and Ashwell, the property of the Duke of Buckingham, were sold by public auction at Buckingham. The sale produced upwards of £22,000. Yesterday tho remaining portion of timber belonging to his Grace in Bucking- hamshire, now standing in the woods at Wootton, was to be put up to auction at Aylesbury. The property in the county of Clare, containing over 7870 acres, has been sold by private contiact, at a fair rate of purchase, to one gentleman. A new and beautiful single-sculling boat is now being constructed for the Prince of Wales, by Messrs. Senile. of Stangate. The boat is twenty feet in length, of proportionate breadth, and is built of the finest bird's-eye maple, with mahogany linings, sax boards, and thwarts. The spaces between the timbers are filled with a material said to be considerably more buoyant than cork. The cushion on which His Royal Highness will sit is also stuffed with this material, which, it is affirmed, will prevent the utter possibility of the little crail sinking. It is understood that it is intended as a present for His Royal Highness from the Institution of Civil Engineers, or one of the members of that body. The Prince de Joinville, in his famous pamphlet, pub- lished in March, 1844, recommends Newhaven, in Sussex, as affording the best landing for an invading army. By a singular coincidence his father and mother landed at Newhaven in March, 1848. The Queen has been pleased to appoint Joseph Howe, Esq., to be Provincial Secretary for the province of Nova Scotia, and clerk to the Executive Council of that province. Her Majesty has also been pleased to appoint James Boyle Uniacke, Esq., to be Her Majesty's Attorney General, and Wm. Frederick Desbarres, Esq., to be Her Majesty's Solicitor-General for the said province. The Right Hon. J. Milner Gibson has resigned his office as Vice-president of the Board of Trade. It is said that he will be succeeded by Mr. Wilson, M.P. for Westbury. The late Lieutenant-General Sir T. Reynell, Bart., K.C.B., and Colonel of Her Majesty's 71st regiment of foot, late of Avisford, Sussex, died possessed of personal property amounting to £30,000. Major Wilbraham Egerton, of the 43rd foot, died last week at the station of his corps, Birr, King's County, under circumstances of a very melancholy nature. The gallant officer had been attending the Ormond Hunt and Gar- rison Races, in the neighbourhood, and was standing on a wooden stand with other persons, when the erection unfortunately gave way. Died, at his residence, at Southsea, deeply regretted, aged 73, Major John Barnett, late of the 40th regiment. He was one of the veterans of the Peninsular war, having been present and actively engaged in no less than 16 of the principal battles. It is reported in official quarters that the French navy is in such a state of disorganisation with respect to ships and men, that the Provisional Government is not in a position to make any demonstration afloat. Admiral Sir William Hall Gage, G.C.H., has been appointed to be commander-in-chief at Devonport, vice Admiral Sir J. West, K.C.B., whose period of service has expired. Lieutenant M. F. Brownrigg (1822) has been appointed flag-lieutenant, and Paymaster and Purser John Irving (1815.) formerly secretary to the gallant admiral, has been officially appointed secretary to Sir William. The property of Mr. Smith O'Brien, amounting, it is said, to between £4000 and £5000 a year, will become fulfilled to the Crown on conviction of the hon. gentleman for high treason in endeavouring to seduce the British soldiers. The Queen been pleased to appoint the Honourable William Napier to be Clerk of the Works and Civil Engineer for the Island of Hongkong. George Lowther, who was suffering the commuted punish- ment of transportation for life, for the murder at Mulgrave of the Marquis of Normandy's head keeper, Mr. Moffatt, has been shot dead on Norfolk Island, while attempting to escape. It is stated that he was shot in the very same part of the body as that in which Mr. Moffatt received his death-wound. - Durham Chronicle. We understand the infant Princess will receive the name of "Louisa," in compliment to Her Majesty the Queen of the Belgians. - Morning Post. The following is the copy of a memorial to the First Lord of the Treasury, now in course of signature in both Uni- versities :- " The memorial of the undersigned graduates showeth - That the present system of the ancient English universities has not advanced, and is not calculated to advance, the interests of religious and usetul learning to on extent commensurate with the great resources and mgh position of those bodies That the constitution ol' the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, and of the colleges (now inseparably connected with their academical system), is such as in a great measure to preclude them from introducing those changes which are necessary for increasing their usefulness and efficacy. That, under these circumstances, believing that the aid of the Crown is the only available remedy for the above-mentioned defects, your memorialists pray that your lordship will advise her Majesty to issue her royal commission of inquiry into the best methods of securing the improvement or the undergraduates of Oxford and Cambridge." A meeting of the memorialists, it is understood, will be held in London in May. The Duchess of Montpelier suffered more than any of the Royal family. Having been left behind in the Tuileries, she took refuge in a wood closet, and put on a servant's clothes and apron, whilst the mob got possession of her blue bonnet, and bore it about on a pike. In disguise the duchess succeeded in reaching on foot, through the invaders of the chateau, the embassy of Portugal, from whence she was conducted to England by Colonel Thierry. It has proved a sorry match for the Infants ; she has lost for ever the two millions of francs wrung from the Spanish Government at the time of the mar- riages. The last of this money was paid away but a week ago for the purchase of a forest near Poitiers, now under sequestration. So much for the fate of one of the royal Heroines of the Spanish marriages. The Commander-in-Chief at the Nore, Vice-Admiral Sir Edward Durnford King, will retain his command until the middle of next month, although his three years' term of service will expire on Tuesday next. - United Service Gazette, April 15. Vice-Admiral Dacres, now the Commander-in-Chief at the Cape of Good Hope, will not be superseded by a suc- cessor until he has fully served his three years. In fact, it is not likely the new appointment will take place until the beginning of June next, and that Vice-Admiral Ducrcs's return to England may not be expected before Christmas.-Ibid. The Turkish Sultan has ordered a superb mangat, or vessel for containing a charcoal fire, to he mude at tho Con- stantinople mint, as a present to Queen Victoria. The exterior ornaments will be formed of silver gilt, curiously carved, and the pedestal, mude of cedar from Mount Lebanon, wtll be inlaid with gold and precious stones. The Isle of Man Commercial Bank has stopped payment. The liabilities are stated at £06,000, and the assets are expected to realise ¿'96,000. Cleopatra's Needle, given by the Pacha of Egypt to our Government, and so long permitted to tie neglected, is to be immediately brought to Knglund, and erected in some conspicuous place in London. Mr. Peto, the member lor Norwich, is erecting a handsome meeting-house in London, with the intention ofits occu- pation by the Particular Baptists. The situation Is r.enr lo the new opening from the top of Holborn to Oxford street, mid on «. line of streets from the British Museum to Waterloo-bridge. It is designed to seat 1,400, with schoolrooms for 1,000 children. The ground itselt is said to have cost ±'7,000.-Patriot. The fallowing is the form of prayer for the maintenance of peace and tranquillity, used uu Good Friday, the 21st April, and on the four Sundays following, in all churches and chapels in England and Wales, and in the town of Bervvick-upon-Twced :-" O God, whose never failing providence orderet!, all things boll, in heaven and earth ; we Thine unworthy servants most humbly beseech Theo to continue Thy favour to this land, and to preserve us nlike from foreign enemies oud domestic divisions. Wu acknowledge, O Lord, that if Thou wert to deal with us alter our sins, or reward tis according to our iniquities, we might most justly have fallen under Thy wrath and indignation. For in our prosperity we have too much forgotten Thee ; other lords besides Thee have hud domi- nion over us ; we have offended against Thy holy laws, and have not glorified Thee, In wliose hand our breath is, ni. I »hose ure all our vvuys. Thou hast said in Thy I Holy Word, that when Thy judgments are upon the I earth, the inhabitants ol' the world will learn righteous- ness ; mid no w we beseech Thee so to i ncli ne the heart s of t he people of this lund that they may bearone another's burdens and follow tho things that make for pence, und have love one towards another. And do Thou, Lurd, of 'I hy great mercy, restore to us such prosperity that we may not sow much and bring in little, but that Thou mayest bless us in whutsoever we set our hand unto ; and thal our people may e.it their own bread with quietness. Above all, teach us so to acknowledge Thee, the Author mid Giver of all good, that we may live in Thy faith and fear, settini; our affections on things above, und seeking first Thy heavenly kingdom, through Jesus Christ our Cord ; to whom, with Thee und the Holy Ghost, be honour and glory, world without end. Amen." [This was the first prayer written since assumption of office by the new Archbishop of Canterbury, j LOSS OF TUE EAST INDIAMAN " NABOB. (From the Oiternsey Sun ol'Saturday, Apill lu.) Duting the night of Thursday to Fiitlay, the English ship Nabob, Hugh M Neilly master, on her homeward voyage from Calcutta to London, was totally lost on some rocks at the north-east end of ihe island, supposed to be either the Paternosters or the Dérouille, and, iro regret to say, eleven of her crew unfoituiintely perished. The Nabob left Calcutta on or nhoui the 1st of December last, with a general cargo, consisting of rum, sugar, rice, shellac, hides, &c.; The Nabob was not a new vessel ; she measured ¿03 tons and was the property of Messrs. Levisson and M'Gee, of Liverpool. 