A WORD OR TWO ABOUT THE EXILE MEETING AT MAITLAND. UN saturday, me zatn mt., a meeting WM new at the Court-house, to take into consideration tile propriety of the resolution passed by the Legis- lative Council on the subject of Exileism, and to take such steps as might seem advisable. E. O. Close, Esq., in the chair. The chairman having à few remarks touching the subject matter to he discussed ; hoped they wouldn't turn their backs upon themselves, and. as a particular favour, requested that the pugilists present would not at this time display their talents. He then called upon Mr. \V. L. to open the pleadings, and cheerily Mr. L. responded to the call. Having in' a formal manner introduced himself to the m/eting, and smiled complacently on all around, he begged to inform them. that he had not changed his opinion respecting transportation, read the requisition, and hi: and he wu certain the colonists had not changed theirs. He then put the meeting up to an artful dodge, which was, that if any of them should visit England, and after a time should wish to return to the colony at a cheap rate, they had only to commit a burglary or a larceny, and the paternal care of Lord Grey would speed ¡ly ensure them a free passage and a ticket upon their arrival. Speaking of Earl Grey, there appeared to be no gammon about him : with him, to say was to do-to propose was to perform. Elitism was no sooner spoken of than cargoes of the delectable youths were heard of, 'dropping down the river for New South Wales.' The Earl was a man after his own heart- lie loved a reso- lute man. But Wentworth tittie knew the people of Australia when he affirmed in the House that a change had come over the spirit of their dream. Ci edit Judceus, he 'would say. Wentworth's days were numbered; he would not sit in the next Council, unless he sat as member for Lus- kintyre. Five years ago he called Wentworth the political godfather of his brother ; he then little thought he Was prophesying ; one was as great a renegade as the other. He had been in communication for some time past"with Johnny H»ki and Raupero, the celebrated New Zealand chiefs, upon certain scientific subjects, such as tile best means of forming' a railroad to the moon in case of another flood, the occultation of the Astronomer Royal, the non-appearance of th* comet, 8cc; and in his communications he had mentioned to the learned chiefs the new Constitution and Exile schemes to "elicit their opinions ; and he was happy to inform that meeting that they violently and. in unmeasured terms denounced the systems and the author of them,recommending the noble Earl to try til em among, the Katuscha tkadales" or the Mohican In- dians, where they might be beneficial. He then informed the meeting that he'had cut Mr. Cow- per for turning hts back upon them as he had done, but the Wentworth principle was strong in him, viz., self-interest. He then took a pinch of "muff, waved his handkerchief to Mr. Gore, and sat down. A. L., Esq., then presented himself, and as- sured the meeting that the previous speaker was a man after his own heart ; he then informed them that as "brevity was the soul of wit," he would detain them nb longer than to assert that, he had not changed Im mind upon those subjects. He then stated that self-inlercs,t was the Incubus that sat'heavily in the House, and Wentworth might be . considered the 'chief; indeed all Iiis acts for the last three years.'if strictly examined, would be found" to reflect himself." Mr.'C. having assumed the 'perpendicular, at once commenced proceedings by striking the desk a violent blow willi lils clenched fist, there- by satisfying the me'eljng that he was all lhere. He was, inileed, that " bright' particular atar" that men had come to gaze at, and in good truth he Hid give them a "' spice of his quality." " He gnashed his teeth, he tore his hair, . He defied the inconsistent Lowe, Then wildly he flourished his arms in air. And danced to "Jump Jin Crow." He began his speech by passing a well-deserved eulogy upon the Maitland Mercury tor its va- luable assistance upon these occasions. "He then begged them by all that'was energetic in exhor- tation-by all that was softening in entreaty, to be true to themselves, and despite'adverse cir- cumstances they must ultimately succeed. And. why P-' " ' ' "And why ? Because a little odd, old man, Stripped to bis shirt, had come to lead the van.". He then entered 'into a long and elaborate dis- cussion concerning the philosophical and physio- logical structure of the human race, throughout all its ramifications, showing the connexion'be-' tween it arid,banishment ; commenting upon the alarming fact of death being abolished from the statute-book ' of England '; he denounced Went- worth,'saying that fur his sins he. (the speaker,) was nut liable ; exposed the h'ootings and bowl- ings of tlie mob inside the Council ; expressed a wish'to fight erny one of them-to walk into them like a rat up a wall ; said it was all gammon for Darvall to prctend to.be a legislator and philo- sopher,'when lic",';D.i'rvall', considered Jeremy Bentham no authority upon medicine. Jeremy Bentham no authority I - Jeremy Bentham was a friend of his-a particular friend of his. Here in sn ecstacy of passion and declamation, he arose' beyond the comprehension of the meeting, till at length the Chairman, pale and trembling, begged to remind him that he was already above the '.atmosphere of'that meeting-that he was I then entering' the third heaven. Having 'then become somewhat composed, and aware that he j was still an inhabitant of this troubling world, I he discussed the question in ah c'c'onbmical, phi- losophical, and moral point of view, drawing from each, inferences and deductions unfavorable to the system.' He eulogized Lord Grey", but would rather that'the noble Lord - would send pious, good, and virtuous families. He had had' a'hard task himself to sleet clear of the seduc- tions and blandishments of London.' How'much better than exiles were those who, amid all their privations, had the moral courage to remain incorrupt,'surrounded as they were" by "crime in" the plenitude of its deformity ; "these were the people they sought as emigrants, not the froth and the scam of London depravity, redundant in its population.' What a.fatherly feeling Lord Grey must have for these smooth-faced rascals, to wish to send them here to enjoy the fine skies and extended domains of Australia. But it was to the Council and to its cut't\¡-oat report that we owed the ori^a of this measure. No doubt Wentworth ead his party wished tb return to the Cid ;¡jstem of slavery, if lie might use the ex- pression. _ They strongly reminded him of the high-spirited patriots of antiquity, whom men sometimes fasely assume as models of noble con- duct; they were all slave-holders, nationally qr individually, and their patriotism, like' Went- worth's, when closely examined, was found to be little else 'than an "effort to" obtain similar com- mand over their equals by violence and. treachery; But (and here he struck the table a violent blow, and narrowly escaped'giving the gentleman on his right a black eye) the time must come, and he was not sure ¡fit had not already come-at least the'monstrou's conduct of the Council au- thorized him to say so-when endurance becomes impossible. Howlong are these''modern Cata-, lines to be permitted to abuse 'the patience of a whole people P" However, after a long and bril- liant speech, he finally assured the meeting that they had nothing' to fear.; that there was at least one among them who was not afraid to have a shy ¿ny'day in the'week at the Brobdignagiah Wentworth. Being then exhausted, be sat down amid the enthusiastic cheers of 'the meeting. Then arose. Mr. J. J. H., the lion of the as- sembly, a most interesting individual, all smiles and blandishments (which were certainly lost upon Mr. Gore, although they propitiated the rest). Having measured with his eye the height from the door to the ceiling, and flirted awhile with his handkerchief and the resolution he held in his hand, he most humbly begged to inform the meeting that when he was at home he lived at Singleton; therefore they ought to consider themselves highly honoured at the Australian Cicero condescending to take a share in the de- bate. He then commenced by asking permission to enlighten the meeting upon a matter which they seemed to be grossly ignorant of, viz., that Wentworth was mistaken when he had said that the people had changed their minds concerning transportation; he had not changed his mind, and be personally, positively, and confidentially knew that the Inhabitants of the Upper Hunter had not changed theirs. Self-interest was the ruling principle of Wentworth. He remembered when he (Wentworth) first made his political debut; he (the speaker) was then a sweet blue- eyed boy at his mother's knee; he was wont to call Wentworth the Australian Demosthenes; he went still further: his fertile imagination used to stray through the classic purlieus of Rome, the Eternal City, the abode of the Cæsars; he fancied him Augustus, Brutus, Cassius; he loved to liken his dear friend and countryman, Went- worth, to Brutus in the early part of Wentworth's career. How he fondly dwelt on the fact, that should a Cæsar arise in this favoured land of the south, there was a Brutus at hand ready to plunge the murderous steel, and give a death- blow to tyranny. Such was he, whom he loved to call Conscript Father; but now a change had come over the spirit of his dream. Brutus had turned Cæsar, and trodden on the necks of the people; the once fond, idolized, devoted patriot, \--the darling of his country--the star of the Illustrissimi, not of Rome, but of Australia, had become, by the ignoble influence of self- interest, a traitor to his country. This was an alarming fact; but so it was. The thought quite unmanned him. A previous speaker had said that Went- worth had in some instances acted a just and righteous part in the Council. With all due deference to that speaker, he hastened to assure him that the notorious Jeffries, the corrupt Judge, was just in his judgments when no sordid mo- tives of self-interest actuated him. He then alluded to that political humbug, Dangar, as- suring him that his days were numbered; that his political delinquencies had settled his hash. He then expressed a wish to play "open your eyes and shut your mouth," &c.;, with Mr. Evans, and having smiled at the ceiling and kissed his hand to Mr. Grace, he sat down, whispering that he thought he was the Stilton rayther. The Rev. Mr. 'I,, next made his appearance, ¡and'Th that quiet but energetic manner for which the rev. gentleman is so remarkable, snd by which he irresistibly finds his way to the hearts of his'hearers. 'He proceeded to explain the reasons of his appearatice'at the meeting. With a kindliness of feeling tie denounced the ¡dei of inundating our shores with the irreclaimable felons of Great Britain. ' None knew better than he the evil influences of the transportation sys- tem ; he dwelt upon the much healthier tone of society since its cessation, and fervently hoped that this might not be upset by the adoption of this rash system of exillsm. The rev. gentle- man having read the 'petition to her Majesty, and having moved the same, sat down. Mr. P. G. then assumed the perpendicular, and having tipped a wink to Mr. Harper, begged to inform the meeting that he was a Native ; he then denounced the exile scheme as being far .worse than the transportation system. Their representatives in Council had managed to re- present themselves well. He then exposed the speeches of the members as being the hootings and bowlings of an inline mob, Snd that those speeches did not contain the sentiments' of the Í' leople. He then hoped that the people of Malt and had been satisfied with him' ns a District Councillor. Having 'shaken' hands' with" him self.and smileil 'condescendingly on Mr. Car- michael, he sat down amid shoutsof hear,' hear. ,' Then appeared the Man of Ross, blustering Boreas,-Mr. R. K., Who straightway 'inforiiieu the meeting of the alarming fact, that in Java alone; out of all Asia, is' dancing considered a genteel accomplishment-an announcement which certainly astonished the Natives. "He then Weni oh to state that no one'knew better titan bc did the horrors, of transportation'; he was therefore determined to use his immense influence against the exile system, considering the two systems as twin brothers ; he would rather that no addition should be made'to the colony at "present ; he wished to see the blessings of knowledge and education diffused widely among the poor, for he would cay, and say emphatically, that know- ledge was power.- He remembered once-and the re membrance ever'gave him especial pleasure and delight-he was strolling down the street one summer afternoon, reflecting on the melan- choly fact that " all that's bright must fade," when his attention was suddenly arrested by perceiving the pet poodle of an aged lady fast in the fangs of a murderous bulldog ; a great crowd had assembled ; some were attempting to choke the dog off, others were biting hit tail, &'c, while he. Mr. K., in the power of his might, in the power of knowledge, pitifully smiled at the unavailing efforts of the ignorant mob;'at length the Indy, with trembling lip and faltering tongue, besought him that he would endeavour to save her fond one : he immediately took out his snulT-box, and applied a pinch to" the nostrils of thc seeker of blood, who in a moment relin- quished his grasp, and thus was the Idol of his' mistress released from what, to the ignorant, appeared certain death; verily knowledge was power. He begged the meeting- woüld parilbn this digression, but he was always' seduced by these pleasing reminiscences. With regard to loyally, then, the abstract duty was ;totally dif- ferent from the sentiment! . He would ask, if these exiles; these adepts in the profession . of villainy, were Jet loose upon their arrival, bow were they,io'be hereafter identified by the polke P They should be detained for twelve months, and Bpckler, J.unils, and Mundell' 'engaged.' to take tlieir portraits. He remembered, about sixteen years ago, he was 'taken up for a runaway him- self, and no' doubt he "deserved it : 'at that time he sported, an enormous beard'and. mustachios, and it was very probable he was taken for Baron Munchausen or IÇoeldwIthort, who were said to have escaped from Poland or Prussia,or perhaps' for a red Indian. - He then made some remarks touching Downing-street, St. Stephen's, and the somnambulist, Lord Glenelg. ' He denounced the political tergiversation of Wentworth, and informed the meeting that b» certainly could not understand the term free convict ; it was CeVialnljr * m.'snom;»' 5 a"d in these days it was well kn.awa. that much may be done by giving any thing a name which ought to denote its op Eosite. Many a sane dog had lost his life for eing called a mad dog, and many a sane man has been incarcerated at Tarban Creek merely for being called a mad man. He then eulogized Lord Grey for establishing this transcendant scheme of deferred transportation. As he was "something of á philosopher, he'would explain td the'meeting (he loved to''display his knowledge) what transcendentalism was. Now, transcenden- talism was the spiritual cognosce'nee Of physio-, logical ir'refr'agibility connected with concutient adernfion'of incol'umhient spirituality and etheri alised contention "of' sùbsùltory concretion! Having delivered this deeply- learned 'piece of information (at which Mr. Nainby was thunder struck), he smiled at the chairman, ran his hand through his hair, and sat donfn. ' . ' Mr. Jonei bugged to explain that the petition emphatically prays for no exiles. Therefore to make conditions as to their treatment would be absurd. He would like to know if Mr. Heddie had taken any refreshment previous to lu's at , tendance at that meeting.-Mr. Heddie had taken à little refreshment, but he didn't.exactly see the drift of' the question. Mr. Jones misunderstood him. ' ' ' Mr.' W. wished to make a few remarks, but before dying so, he would inform the meeting, of a circumstance that they perhaps'were not aware of. He once had the honour of holding a dis- tinguished appointment in' the Kingdom of: His. Most Charcoal Majesty of Bambulla, n'o less than that of a bashaw of three" tails ; moreover, he was an old soldier-and it was' well known, that about an old soldier there was no 'flummery ; lie thereforè thought he Whew the bearskin of à horse marine from' the' shakos of a battalllon man ; he also thought he could read. English as well as Mr. Jones'.'and the best paragraph'of Ute pet!-, lion distinctly" prays' her ' Majesty, to send" nó more ' exiles." Now, he was ' not aware that we had any'exiles yet, unless', indeed, from What he had stated, his friend'Bob ¿. miglitbe considered one. ' ' '' '..'" '?' ." ' Mr. J. would satisfy Mr. W. in the twinkling of a spider's eye-brow1 that he "was wrong. Threé ships of exiles had been ' sent to Fort Phillip, others were On Llie Way here,'Port Phillip was part and parcel of New South Wales-ergo, ex- iles had been sent, ergo, no more was correct. Mr. Jones' felt'* it his duty to' remark, that the previous speaker's' name was a palpable misno- mer, and recommended his'return'to Bambulla as speedily as ' possible, where ho might ba* ad- vanced to the dignity of grand bashaw. Mr. E. having presented himself, hastened to inform the meeting that he was an Australian, a countryman of King Gorman, and therefore lin was In a position to inform them of this recon- dite fact, that France was not, prior to 1759, dn elective monarchy,' and that consequently the Canadian colonies had no voice in the choice of «ither the King, or even the Minister of Franc« (for which the meeting felt very thankful.) Hi further informed ', them, that the people of Ire- land are familiarised to expatriation, and won- dered how. any body of men could, be ignorani of these facts. He then stated, that he-was s particular friend of the* Attorney General, and his friend had . assured him, that if we waited awhile, we .should have plenty of immigrants. He then denounced and disowned Wentworth ¡ he told him he was a traitor to his country ; and he would tell hint so'again.' One good job, there was' no chance' of his re-election. His friend the'Sprig of Myrtle had assured'him ol that. Having once more Informed Hie meeting that he wits a native, he sat down perfectly satis- fied with himself* ' ' Mr. N; then made his appearance, and begged to inform the "gentlemen present, that he con- sidered himself the Adonis of that meeting ; ha then stated, and he said he verily believed it, he had always found it so, that a nimble sixpence was as 'good as a ' lazy shilling. One of the previous speakers had said, that the Exile was thc twin brother of the Transportation System;" He differed from that opinion-be believed them lc be only f rsl cousins. He made some'objections to the manner in which they were modifying the criminal-code in England.- He had no faith in Wentworth ; and as for Cowpe!-, he was stunned at him, the' Bishop of tho Council.\ He would recommend the Council to" return to England and 'cultivate" the "'waste' bogs arid i fens there ¡ they appeared to be fit'for little else', except, in- deed, it was fqr boiling down. ' He then- entered into a long 'and^ amusing explanation of the anatomical structure 'of ' the Great American Sea Serpent, and .'informed the meeting of another very alarming fact; viz , that ' he never saw or kne'w any one else that had ever seen a fifty year old journeyman linen-draperf'what had be- come of them he could not, for the life of him; ascertain ; it was very probable there might be some among Earl Grey's exiles. * ? Mr. M., a gentleman of rather weather-beaten appearance, arid strongly resembling the^ghost that pulled up Casar at Phillipp!, begged to in- form that meeting, they were a set of fiats ; they didn't know what they wanted ; one consequence of the cessation of transportation was the insol- vency, the whitewashing he would say, of one half of those who had just been spouting. When he was a prisoner, he bad 10s. a day for his la- bour', now lie' could get but two ; they were all rebels to the Home Government, ¿ord Grey was looking upon úYas" his children, and wished to do good for us, and we, wayward as we are, re- fused his offers of love ; and Mr. C., too, to rant and rave of the system as he had done, no man hail been benefitted so much by the labor of convicts as he had ; he was surprised at a man of his abilities, and ministers of the gospel too, to be found in.the ranks of the noble lord's opponents, they who, above.all others, ought to pray for their arrival, that they might be the meaos of reforming them-of making them see the errors of their ways. He recommended these gentlemen to study well Mr. Newman's sermon on the pro- phetical office of the church. It was' a well known fact, that St. Paul, when he was in Spain, converted that arch virago ' Xantippe, although the learned author of the Hors* Paulita se, has forgotten to mention the. fact, and after this what have clergymen to fear. The ministers of the gospel and the multitude go together : take a bird's-eye view of the scriptures; in the Jewish Legislative Cities of Refuge- were appointed, into which the wicked could flee and be safe, so the noble lord wished to make' this a city of re- fuge ; there was no doubt but that the old system was tlie best ; there was 'employmerit for every one, soldiers, police,, gangs, Sec.;" If, was said of our Lord that lie lived with sinners' and pub- licans, he went about doing good ; it was the voice of the people" that crucified him, (cries of question, and great - confusion.) He wished to show that Vox Populi was not always Vox Dei. He wished tliat meeting to repudiate the exile system, and 'petition for the old transportation system back again, (great confusion, enes of who stole the gallows and made wheelbarrows of it;) Mr. H-trper'.begged" to suggest that the old fake, this antidelitvian, should say no more, unless he had a distinct proposition to make. Mr'. Miller begged to- inform- this- young fake, that he had none to" malte, as he plainly saw it warnaIgo; he saw where the-shoe pinched, their sins might rise up in judgment against them. " A discussion then ensued between Mr. Carmichael and Mr". Miller, Mr. Ci evidently wishing'to inflict''the punishment of hearing another speech upon the meeting.""' The chair- man at length grew tired of the fun, and left the chair, when a* vote of thanks passed, and throe cheers given fdr - his valuable services on this occasion. After which the'meeting separated. 