A PREMIUM FOR HORSE AND CATTLE STEALING.—On Saturday last the presiding magistrates, Messrs Smith and Fletcher, expressed no little astonishment upon the announcement of a poundkeeper that he had upon the ipse dixet of an individual that a mare then in the pound was his property, at once surrendered the animal upon payment of the fees. The poundkeeper, who ap- peared well acquainted with the provisions of the Act, apprised their Worships that by the provisions of the Impounding Act he was subject to a penalty of five pounds for each refusal to give up stock in his custody when claimed by a party representing him- self as the owner. We confess we were no less surprised at this statement, which never- theless we have ascertained to be strictly true, and we cannot help thinking the sooner such an enactment is repealed the better, affording as it does such boundless facilities for stealing stock. A BONE OF CONTENTION.—Some time ago, the learned Crown Prosecutor conceiving that the ends of justice were not not unfre- quently deflated by copies of depositions taken at the police court in the cases of parties committed for trial, being obtained by the prisoners attornies, gave instructions that under no circumstances whatever should copies of the depositions be granted to the applicants, although, we may remark, that the law of the land distinctly says, that a prisoner, or his attorney, shall upon his committal, be entitled to ' demand' such from the party in whose legal custody they may be. On Saturday last, immediately up- on the committal of a man named Hitchmore, Mr. John Stephen, who appeared on his behalf, applied for copies of the depositions made in the case, offering to pay any sum which might be demanded for the copies ; this request was refused by the Clerk of the Bench, who was threatened with a manda- mus in consequence, but who rested his authority for the refusal he had made upon the instructions which he had received from the Crown Prosecutor, and the Mayor, who presided, with a view to ease himself of all responsibility in the matter, simply desired the Clerk of the Court to adopt the usual course in such cases. Mr. Belcher was puzzled how to proceed, his own private opinions on the point evidently differing very widely from the instructions which he had received, and by way of washing his hands of the affair, packed the depositions off, poste-haste to Mr. Croke, and when ap- plied to "positively for the last time" for the required copies, regretted that he was unable to comply with the request as he had a few moments before dispatched them per messenger to the Crown Prosecutor to whom of course all applications upon the subject most be made, they being to all intents and purposes in his " legal custody." TTHE MELBOURNE CRICKET CLUB - On Saturday last, Mr. J.C. Passmore, the landlord of the Shakespeare Tavern, Collins- street, obtained an extension of his publi- can's general license on the days upon which the Melbourne Cricket Club play, to their cricket ground on the south side of the Yarra. It must be distinctly understood that this indulgence is granted for the ac- commodation of visitors to the Melbourne Cricket ground, and not merely for supply- ing "balls" to the players; we hope there- fore that the members of the club will not, as on previous occasions, conceive that they have exclusive right to the accommoda- tions which are afforded, the fact being that all upon the spot have an equal right to par- ticipate in them, the ground upon which the extension of license has been applied for and granted being the requirements of visitors. OUR VAN DIEMEN'S LAND IMPORTS The man Lockwood, committed on Friday lost for the robbery of his employer, (Mr. Richardson, of Collins-street) to a frightful extent, has been 'lagged' no less than three times, and is now, we consider, in a fair way to undergo that pleasing operation a fonrth time. He arrived a prisoner of the orown ia Sydney, where he was again convicted and sent to Van Diemen's Land, and after serriAg a sentence of seven years there, he again misconducted himself, and was again "brought under the notice of the government and again sentenced te seven years trans portation, having completed which he deter mined upon hoaoring this province with his presence, and although he succeeded in obtaining an excellent situation, enabling him ai compared with his former position and privations, to revel in luxuries — it would, seem that crime was so firmly engrafted in his nature that he found it impossible to keep his hands from picking and stealing, and hence his present position. We do not fer a moment condemn the policy or justice of giving a man who may one have com mitted himself, a fair opportunity of redeets- ingfcit cliaracter, but really when thrice convicted ruffians are placed in positions of trust, we can scarcely pity those who employ them, should they be made to feel the full extent of their folly in placing confidence where none is merited. Attempted Suicide.— On Thursday night last Lalley, formerly a porter in Mr. Richardson's employment, who has been committed for robbing his employer attempt- ed to commit suicide lo the Market-square, Watoh-hotuc, bv hanging himself with his neck scarf. He had very nearly succeeded in effecting his purpose when he was dis covered by the watchhouse keeper, who cut him down. Lai ley however, was per fectly insensible for some lime afterwards4 bnt ultimately recovered upon the proper restoratives being administered. It is pro bable lhat the thorough conviction upon the man's mind that his guilt in the robbery For which he was arraigned was too palpable lo j admit of a ghost of a chance of his getting j off, prompted the attempt at the rash ac) j which was happily averted. 1 MORE NEWS RELATIVE TO THE LATE EX- TENSIVE ROBBERY.—On Saturday morning John Hitchmore a licensed hawker, was Lroogki before the police coort on suspicion of bring implicated in the late extensive robbery at Mia i RicbardsonV. From information received by that Retire oScer Ashley of the Detective force, ho proceeded to Geclong in csmpajy with a yotmg man in Mr. Richardson's emptor, and ascertained that a Mr. Rewrites a pnEcan had purchased from'Hitehaiore a ten gallon HoTler come weeks before which be had never nsed, never having bad occasion fur it'rinee its purchasexnd oo this article Mr. Richard son s priv te mark was dearly perceptible. Mr. Kearnes also stated that Hitchmore had been living at hi house, and that be had observed be bad a large box with him con taining a large quantity of ironmonger v. Upon this information Hitchmore was taken into custody. John Connelly who had originally been taken into caitody on sus picion of being implicated ia the robberr, bat subsequently discharged, proved h»t he hafi been in Hitchmore's employ and that he was so in June last ; Hitchmore waa in the habit of going oat very early in (be morning, and on each succeeding morning An r different dress ; Oo these occasions Connelly observed that Hitchmore invariably took a Large green shawl with him and re turned with it full of papers such as are usually used for the wrapping paper of j certain descriptions of ironmongery ,and Britannia metal ware ; the papers were of different colors ; these be took into his bed room and placed iu the fire, remain ing in the roots until they were consumed by the fire. A few days after the burning of these papers, Connelly used to observe that Hitchmore had a variety of new goods, cutlery of every description, Britannia metal ware, Ac. ; in consequence of Hitch- more going oat so early in the morning, and returning with these bun dles, Connelly states that be suspected all wax not right, and resolved upon satisfying himself opoo the point. Hitchmore wax at thia time residing at the rear of the Clare Castle public-house, and Connolly wax re- i xiding in the house with him. One morn- I ing Hitchmore had gone out but a Few mo ments when Connolly dressed and followed him unobserved. Hitchmore passed Mr. j Richardson's shop, and placed himself by a post near tbe Royal Hotel. Connolly wax ! at thifi time concealed in tbe ha ok wav to Mr. Cash m ore's shop, and had not watched j more than a few momeuts when ludlv, a I porter In Mr. Richardson i service, who was ' committed on Friday last, came out of the shop, and looking iu tbe direction in which i Hitchmore wax standing, took off his hat, I upon which Hitchmore immediately re- i turned towards Mr. Richardson's shop, and on arriving at th« door Lally went in at one ; of the shop doors, and coming out at the I otoer, handed to hfm a bundle, the outer I covering being to the best of his knowfaJ I and belief the green thaw I which Hitchmore wax in the habit of taking out with him in the morning. Raring seri thus much, Connolly concealed himself UDtU Hitchmore had paued where bo was standing, and then making tbe best of his way homewards bv a different route, got home a few minutes be fore Hitchmore and lighted the fire. Hitch more went into hisbedroom as usual, and then came out with some brown paper wrappers and burnt them. One morning after Ritcbraoiv' return, Connolly recollects Hitchmore saying to his wife,' Old woman, it wax very Otar a toucher with me this morning, for Kcotcby .(a porter in Mr. Richardson's employment) who had been sent out to drink, came back too soon, or I should hare got a better fcwag thxu I did." Hitchmore stated that Lally wax just putting the gooda in the parcel, when Scotchy came in and pot Ins el bows on the counter, and Lilly, with « view to blind Scotchy, told Hitchmore in a great flurry to take that perce! up to the Caledonian or tbe dray wonld be gone. L have repeatedly sold goods which were given to me by Hitchmore for sale ; I hare sold knives and files for him ; 4 have sold files to a man named Leage, which were given to me to sell by the prisoner ; there were three different, samples, pit-saw files and hand saw files, ana another description ; Hitch more gave me twelve do sen altogether, bet none of them had an outer wrapper on them ; of let I had sold the filre for Hitchmore to Lexge the latter was not satisfied unless he had Hitchmore6 own receipt," and I then took Leage up to Hitchmore's house, when the latter brought out some shears, Knives and forks, arid I think some gun -caps, which he wished Lea:;e to purchase. Leage after wards paidno the money in his" own shop, saying, lhat so long ax he koew Ilitchmore that wax sufficient, he wax satisfied. Leagc did not purchase any other goods that day that I am aware of j I recollect Hitchmore saying to Lally that, there wax not e'er another man In Melbourne would venture in tbe way that that he'd done ; this wmx about two months since iu Hitchmore's house Hitchmore then said to Lally, be satisfied with what you've got, .when I've sold the goods 111 pay you ; Hitchmore said there wasn't another man in Melbourne would venture as he'd done, carrying a ten gallon boiler full of guts ; he said he had to go into the Builders' Ai ms to rest himself, and that be still Telt the pain from carrying it The term u guts" I understand to be a slang term for goods. Lally said, you know that swag's worth ten poands, you ought to give tne more would only give him one pound j I know a person named Mrs. Masters in Swaost on -street \ 1 once sold her some knives similar to those produced, which were given to me by Hitcfamnre for sale. Tbe files which I have referred to as baring sold to L&age; I sold at four shillings per dozen, James Leage, an ironmonger In Collins-street, that he knew Connelly, and that on the 6th July last, he purchased a quantity of files from him ; those produced were a portion of the ai. When Connelly brought me the files he told me that he had brought them from Sydney, that he had been in the employment of Mr. Burdekin, and that when Mr. Burdekin sold off he purchased the stock flB'far aa laid in his power. I doubted him, and went to Hitchmore's with him to satisfy myself, and finding him connected with a licensed hawker, as Hitchmore is, I was satisfied. Connelly has also made a mistake in the price of the files, as I gave him 4s 6d. per dozen. When I went with Connelly to Hitchmore's. the latter pro duced a great quantity of goods, but I did not make any purchases from him then or at any other time. The goods Hitchmore pro duced were some balance -hand led knives, which appeared to be very good, some sheep shears, and some percussion caps. Mrs. Anne Masters, residing in Swans ton -street, deposed — I know Connelly by sight. I bought some goods of him between two and three moDlhs since. I bought a dozen table knives and a dozen dessert knives from him. Connelly brought me forks with them, which however, I refused to purchase. I also bought some pocket knives from him, and all of those which remained I handed over to the police. I have singe discovered that I also purchased from Connelly a portable case, containing a knife, a fork, and a spoon. Donald Finnin of the Detective Force, proved, that tho seven knives produced were those which were handed to him by Mrs. Masters on Monday last. James M'Ewan, in the employ of Mr. Richardson proved, that he accompanied Ashley of the Detec- tive Force to Geelong, on Tuesday last. On the same night we went to the Royal Ex- change Hotel, kept by Charles Keatns, where we were shown the ten gallon boiler prodeced, which bears the private mark of Mr. Richardson ; an attempt has evidently been made to obliterate this private mark, but I will undertake to swear this did belong to Mr. Richardson. Mr. J. S. Richardson deposed, as on the previous day that he had discovered a great defi- ciency in his stock, the deficiency indeed existed in almost every description of goods which he was in tbe habit of reeding. I can positively swear that this boiler must have belonged to me by the prirate mark ; the files, bri (an nia -metal ware, and locks and knives precisely resemble those which I miss from mvsteck. Tbe goods produced were oerDr sold to my knowledge. By Mr. Stephen — I cannot swear posi tively thai tbe boiler produced was never sold from idt shop ; I cannot swear posi tively te tbe files hut I judge by those pro duced faring of the same description and the same makers as those I miss ; the outside cover by which I could have sworn to (hem has been taken off ; tbe retail price of (he boiler in Melbourne is twenty-fire shil lings ; it was sold Co Mr. Kearns for eighteen shillings ; it is impossible for any person to swear to the identity of file in the state in which those produced are. This closed tbe case for the prosecution. Mr. Stephen declined saying anything in defence, and the prisooer was fully com mitted for trial, but hail aa refused. Teetotal Festival. — We beg to remind our reader that the tea meeting to com memorate the opening of tho Melbourne Total Abstinence Hob, will take place thiv evening, oo which occasion the Chair is to I be taken by Mr. Macgregor, who presided | on a former occasion habited in tbe splendid ; costume of a Highland Chieftain. A full : meeting is anticipated, and every exertion I has been made by the Committee te ensure a | pleasant and agreeable evening to those who i attend. Tea will be on the table at half -past six precisely. HORSE STEALING.—On Saturday last a voung man named Charles Thompson, was brought before Messrs Smith and Fletcher, on suspicion of horse stealing, under tbe following circumstances (—District Con stable, Tucker, stated that on Wednesday last the prisoner was given into his custody t Bacchus' Marsh by William Crook, oo suspicion of horse stealing ; Tucker imme diately searched the man, and on his person found one blank cheque,and ene filled up; it j is desirable, however, for the present not to j divulge the particulars of the cheque, suf- j fice it to say that on presentation it proved j 10 oe a rorgerj. | Mr. John Stephen, — I appear here on be- | half of a parly charged with horse stealing ; we have nothing to do now with a charge or forgery. Mr. William Crook the poundkeeper at Bacchus Marsh, stated, that on Monday last the prisoner came to him and released a grev mare from the pound, branded JP off neck,TCorTG near side, coder saddle; the mare had been impounded by Mr. W. II. Bacchus. Thompson was an utter stranger to Mr. Crook and as he with great assurance stated, that the mare belonged to him, she was given up to him upon the pay ment of the expenses ; Thompson took the mare away that night, and on the second day after, a person came to the pound with an order from Mr. Clarke of Melbourne, for the delivery of the mare which was accu- rately described, and which Mr. Clarke re presented as his property. Suspecting upon Ihe" receipt of this that Thompson had acted fraudulently, Mr. Crook proceeded to tha constable stationed at Bacchus' Marsh and proceeded with them near tbe cattle yartli at Bacchus Manb, where Thompson h«d returned to, hut not upon the mare which be had released, and on asking him then, if the mare which he had released belonged to faim f ha said do, but that knowing (be mare belonged to a party who lired on the Deep Creek be had released her with a view to return her to her owner. Mr. Crooktben1 asked tbe name of the owner, and receiving no reply, he then gave tbe prisoner into Upon (he 27th when the prisooer returned to the Marsh ho donned a grey mare and a black horse which were also in the pound, but hiring on (he morning of that day received Mr. Clarke's order for the deb very f the grey mare, which the prisoner had already released ; he refused to let him , have the other. Afterwards the prisooer said that he didn't think the grey mare (hit wis then in (he pound belonged to him, as he was mistaken in the brand, and that there fore, he wouldn't take her. Thompson about an hour after he discovered there was a screw loose, and immediately before he was token into custody stated, Uiatths-mare was in a paddock about twenty miles away, ' and ultimately gave an order for her j delivery. The defence was as exceedingly lame oneP if indeed it could be construed into one and tfa> prisoner was fully commit ted for trial. INSTALLATION OF THE NEW CHIEF CON- stable.— Owing to the desire of the late Chief Constable Mr. Sugden to bo relieved from the cares of office as quickly as possi ble, it was determined that tho last review of the police force should take place on Saturday lost instead of to-day as originally intended. Accordingly at between 9 and ten o'clock in the morning of Saturday last, the whole of the city police were ar ranged in the market square, and oertainly a highly creditable set of meu in appearanoe they are. They were inspected by his Worship the Mayor who after passing a high enconlure upon tbe real and ability which had been displayed by Mr. Sugden during the four years which be had held tbe office of Chief- Constable, expressed hli gratification that one holding a subordinate position in (be force bad bean promotad to the office, and strongly recommended Serjeant B loom fiel d who has been promoted to the office of "Chief," to follow in the footsteps of his predecessor, when be could not fall to ensure the approbation of hu superiors and the public. The command of the force was then formally banded over to Bloomfleld. Melojicuolt Case of Lukact On Thursday last, in passing through Lonsdale- street we observed an unfortunate young creature almost in a state of nudity attended by two young children, ooe of whom she bad stripped and was attempting to wash in ooe of tne vuud boles which abound iu this locality. Surprised at such proceedings we were Induced toanake some enquiries res pecting the woman, and discovered that she ruu for some thne past been known to be of unsound tulnd, and frequently wanders into ;be bush, srirere she remains for days and days together, starving both herself and children. If notidng can be done for the unfortunate mother, it is certainly to be deplored that proper protection shoald not be afforded to the children who are likely to be broughtto a prematura end if longer en trusted to the carc of tbe mother. I A Maltciocs Report. — Some parties not over farorablv disposed to Mr. Wright alias u the Tulip," mine host o! the Deep ' Creek Inn, bare we understand latterly ; adopted tbe rather unmanly course of gratifying their ill-feeling, by representing to travellers or their road from the interior to Melbourne, that i t would be utterly im- pooaible to reach thoir destination by the Deep Creek road owing to tbe awoUevi stale of the Creeks, and that it was therefore de sirable tbey should go by way of Keilor. To shew tbe utter falsehood of this report we may remark that never daring the hea viest floods have the creeks oa the Deep Creek road been impassable even for foot passengers, and wheo it is considered that Mr. Wright' has incurred very heavy ex- penses in building a bridge at the Creek, and is famed for his genera! drility and the facilities which he is at ail times desirous of affording for farthering the ends oF jus tice, we certainly consider that he is en titled to a liberal share or pablic patronage — at all events such dastardly attempts as those which we have referred to, to injure him in bis calling, should it will readily be admitted, under any circomstaaoes be con demned. THE FOOTSCRAY POUND AGAIN. — We have before remarked tiut the establish - ? put of a pound in the vicinity of the Salt Water River, known as the Footscray Pound, of which Mr. John Price has been appointed keeper has afforded anything bat satisfaction to numerous small cattle owners residing in the neighbourhood, who hoye been in the habit of fattening their Beasts by running them on the par- chased lands of their more wealthy neigh bours, who hare by the establishmetit of the pound in question, been afforded that protection to which they are entitled. Con stant complaints have been made against Price within the last week or two in his capacity of poundkeeper, which upon investigation have been found to be of the most trumperv and unfounded descriptor and so palpable, indeed, has been the ill feeling which existed towards Price, that some of the respectable portion of tie in habitants in the neighbourhood of the pound, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Raleigh, and Mr. Payne, have communicated to the Hsyor their conviction that Price was likelv to receiveanythiag bat fair play. An instance of the trumpery nature of the charges brought against Price occurred on Friday, when after a person named Patrick Rvan had entered into sureties to keep the peace towards Price, whose brains he had threatened to knock out; Ryan made affi davit that two ballocki belonging to him ere in the Footscray Pound for which he had tendered Price the necessary bond who refused to give the beasts up, and a summons was consequently grantea against Price, returnable on Thursday next- Scancely had this jeen done when Price U.W WWUIL, muu uu UCIU usea OT the Mayor if the statement, which had been made respecting him were correct st ated, that the ooly offer which Ryan had nude to release the bezsts in question, was a bond at thirty days for four teen -pence, which was of course refused. The Mayor reiterated bis assertion, that there cerUiuly appeared to be a strong ill feelinw against Price, and . he expressed bis determination of being present oo Thursday, when the matter would be investigated. A Tiwflt Hivt. — On Saturday last, the bnrfness at the Police Coort was suspended for a few minutes, in consequence of a cloud of dust finding Its way' in by a broken pons at the north lide, which for a time, blinded every one in Court— surely the Government will not carry their parsimony to such an "tent aa to deny a requisition for a few panes ef gists, which nave for sometime past been required in this establishment, and the absence of which has created the expenditure of many a pound in the shape of doctors bills, Tor the cure of coughs, colds, rheamirisms, Ac., &c;_ Whilst upon the subject of increasing the comforts of this office, we may suggest the expediency ; keeping clear the passage leading to the are in front of the bench ; this system daring the InteosHy hot weather which we shall shortly be subject to, would hire the effect of materially alleviating the suffering from intense heat which must otherwise be fe»t by all parties present. An order to this effect was long mace given by the Bench of Magistrates, but has never been acted upon we should be glad to see that order revived with peremptory instructions "To drive all vexatious intruders away." THE VICTIMS OF LUNACY. — It is antici- pated that the unfortunate victims of lunacy who are at present occupants of the. Mel bourne gaol, will this day be removed to the Lunatic Asjlum, >ich is now completed. Amongst these we regret to say are several of whose restoration to reason the most sanguine can entertain no hope ; one in particular, a respectable female, who in her confinement was attended by an old hag ia the shape of a nurse, who adminis tered ardent spirits to her patient, and cre- atod the malady under which the unfortunate woman has since been labouring. We are informed (hat the accommodations of the Asylum are by no means adeqoate to the requirements of the province in whioh un fortunately an extraordinary amount of lunacy compared with the population is to be found. A 'RUM' GO. — Some months since it may be recollected that a late hour of the night two fellows were arrested in the vicinty of the Southern Cross, in Great Bourke-street, each bearing a keg contain- ing aboat four gallons of rum, and as the statement which they gave relative to the manner in which the rum had come into their possession was extremely unsatisfactory they were taken into custody, and it was subsequently ascertained that the men belonged to a lighter which had been em ployed to bring up some rum from the Alice Afaud, whioh was found In strength and quality to exactly correspond with that which was in the kegs but as the hatches of the craft had not been broken, it was deemed impossible that any peculations could have taken place, and the case was dismissed ; the Chief Constable, however, refusing to give up the rum which had been fully defended the accused parties. For some months past matters have been in this position, constant demands being made for the restitution of the property, which were met by as constant refusals ; the matter, however, will be brought to an issue at the succeeding sittings of the thirty pound court, Mr. Sugden having been served with notice of action, the eight gallons of rnm being valued at the very moderate sum of eleven pound. On enquiry, we find the reason for this outrageous value being placed upon the property to be sufficiently obvious, both the parties in whoao possession the rum was found having left the colony, and as it is essential in the ten pound court that the complainant should appear per sonally, the only way to overcome the difficulty arising from thir absence, was te carry the case into a higher enprt, in which thou appearance was not a sine qua non. Vocal Music. — Mr. Megson purposes on an early day, affording the concert- loving portion of the community an opportunity of gratifying their taste. This will be the fourth year in which Mr. Megson has pre- sided over similar performances, and as they hare alwmrs bora creditably conducted, he will doubtless receive that share of patro- nage to which he is en titled. 