LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. The Reverend F. Coyle commenced a course of re ligious lectures last Sunday, in the temporary chureh. West- terrace, to be continued every alternate Sunday, the indefatigable lecturer devoting the Sabbaths not so smployed to his ministrations at Gawler Town. The popularity of his former lectures induced a very full ittenuance, and the reverend gentleman availed himself )f the occurrence of the Feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary , on the following Tuesday (yester lay), to state what the doctrines of the Catholic Church really were on that much disputed subject. He said that religion improved and sanctified, but did not de stroy the feelings of the natural hnman heart ; amongst the rest, Gratitude, one of its most amiable feelings, was elevated and directed. Gratitude had prompted men in every clime and country to perpetuate the memory of their benefactors. The Poet, the Painter, the Sculptor, and the Architect vied with each other in commemorat ing the objects of a grateful people's love. The rev. lecturer here enumerated the various claims cheerfully conceded by mankind. Warriors, Statesmen, Philan thropists, ami Patriots have toil'd, and in their country's cause Bled nobly ; and their deeds, as they deserve, Receive proud recotnpence. We pive in charge Their mimes to the sweet lyre. The Historic Muse Proud of the treasure, marches with it down To latest limes ; and Sculpture m her turn, Gives bond to stone, and ever-duving brass To guard them, and t' immortalise her trust. lie related a fact, which came under his own obser vation, some years ago, in the United States of America. It \v;ys proposed to erect a monument to the memory of Washington's mother: considerable discussion arose as ? to the most fitting inscription— one which would reco.ul the virtues of the mother, the achievements of the son, and the gratitude of the people. Many elegant and J elaborate inscriptions were submitted for approval ; but the simplest language was found at last to be the most expressive; anil it was finally decided that the monu ment should have those few emphatic words, ' Mary, the Mother of Washington.' From that, the lecturer went on to show in what an immensely greater degree mankind was indebted to the virgin mother of the Saviour, than to The best, bravest warrior of them all. If the sacrifice of a God-man was necessary for the re demption of the human race, surely that pure vessel, through which the wondrous incarnation was effected, deserved the highest homage it was permitted us to pay to anything created. Such homage as fell from the Anijel Gabriel, 'Hail, Mary, full of grace: the Lord is withthee: Blessed, art thou among women' (Luke 1, 2S); homage, such as caused the unborn Baptist to leap at her approach ; arc! such a* ' Elizabeth filled with the Holy Ghost,' expressed when she ' cried with a loud voice, and said : Blessed art thou amongst won. on, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb. And whence is this to me, that the mother of my Lord should come to me ? For, behold, as soon as the voice of thy salutation sounded in my ears, the infant in my womb leaped for joy.' (Luke 1st— 42, 43, 44). Again, in the 43th verse, we had the assurance that ' all gene rations shall call her blessed;' yet, in the face of all this, we hail a ' ; erver.se generation,' anxious to forget the immensity of their obligation to the 'Mother of their Lord;' scoffers at her piety; scrrners of her purity; insultersof her memory. He (Mr Coyle) had seen a Protestant book purporting to give an account of all females mentioned in Scripture from Eve upward, and when it came to the New Testament:, actually apo logised for obtruding the name of the Blessed Virgin on the re;ulcr; but pleadrd that the work would be in complete without it. It might be said that that was an extreme case— the work of some over-heated zealot ; but it was no more extreme than the cases so frequently quoted against Catholics— such as a man thinking he would not be killed because he had ;i medal of the Blessed Virgin upon him. Instances of superstition like that might of course be found; there was, unfortu nately, little in this world which might not be abused. The .Bible itself did not escape such profanation. Had (hey nor heard of silly people resorting to it for charms? t1 ad they not weighed old women against it in Pro testant England, and burned the poor wretches for witches when they proved heavier than it? Had not superstitious people sought through its instrumentality to recover stolen soocls, cr to test the fidelity of their lovers ? That the world should contain silly dupes and crafty imposters, was a thing to be regretted and remedied ; but that furnished no argument against the doctrine under consideration, that might not with greater force be levelled against the most cherished views of its opponents. The rev. gentleman dwelt at length on the Blessed Virgin's sanctity, purity, and privileges-, her obedience to the will of Heaven; her tenderness to the infant Redeemer; her devoted ness to the suflerinsr Saviour, from the cradle to the Cross; from the commencement of his painful career in the | ass's crib in Bethlehem, to the final consummation of i man's redemption on Mount Calvary ; and concluded an eloquent address, of which this is a mere notice, by an earnest disavowal of many absurdities sought to be fastened on Catholics by ignorant and interested as persers, declaring that to God alone was Divine worship given by the Church, although permitting and advis ing her children to honour those whom God has honoured, and to bless her whom all generations (of C hristians) shall call blessed. T#he worthy Brothers Lodge of the Independent Order of Oddfellows met last Wednesday evening for the purpose of electing officers, and making arrangements consistent with regulations recently received, together with their dispensation from the Australian Supreme Grand Lodge. The following officers were elected: — namely, Brothers Strode, N.G.; Daniels, V.G. ; Opie, W.G.; Schlessenger, Lee, Brenn.in, S.W.j Wyatt, J.W.; and Dignum, O.G. After the installation of the officers, the Lodge-room was thrown open for the inspection of the visitors. We were much gratified with its tasteful arrangement, and the skilful disposition of its numerous emblematic ornaments. We were also much pleased with the supper, to which about fifty gentlemen sat down. It was most abundeutly supplied and served up in Mr Solomon's accustomed excellent style, and the Brethren and their guests did ample justice to their entertainment. After the cloth was removed, N.G' Strode, as President, gave from the chair the usual loyal and patriotic toasts, with appropriate prefatory remarks. The health of Sir H. E. F. Young was drunk by the company standing, and the honours of the Lodge being given by the brethren. With one of the judicious remarks of the Chairman we were particularly struck, namely, that the 'linked sweetness long drawn out,' of after-dinner oratory was happily not needed on that festive occasion. One feature of the evening's arrangements well worthy of imitation was, that every toast was followed by a song — indeed we never before heard so much harmony at a single entertainment ; the principle vocalists were Messrs. Fisher, Opie, Billing ton, Schlessenger, and Barnett. The Worthy Brother? Lodge might with great propriety, adopt 'Glorious Apollo' as their titular deity. The visitors also, were ' nothing loath' to contribute their quota to the even ing's hilarity. MrJudah Solomon, in particular, with a comic Irish song-, racy and rich, fairly earned the rap turous applause his very clever performances elicited. During the evening the Chairman remarked on the advantages society received from that and similar institutions. lie bore honorable testimony to the worth of the sister Order of the *' Manches ter Unity,' and in returning thanks for the health of Grand Secretary Elliott (which was drunk with the honours of the Order) pronounced a glowing eulogium on that officer. He (the N.G ) also dwelt with evident pleasure on the services rendered to the Worthy Brothers' Lodge by Mr D. Fisher, who had just vacated the W.G's. Chair; and informed the Bre thren that his Excellency Sir H. E. F. Young had gra ciously signified to their deputation that morning his consent to become the Patron of the Order in South A ustralia. The festivity was kept up to an early hour, when the Brethren and their guests parted with feelings of increased esteem for each other— Observer, . 