THE NEW REFORM MOVEMENT. (From the "Hereford Times" May 6.) The declaration alluded to in our last, as having been signed in Birmingham, was as follows:— "We, the undersigned, earnestly desire the fol- lowing political changes, and hereby express our determination, by all peaceful and constitutional means, to obtain the same:— Household suffrage, vote by ballot, electoral districts, and triennial Parliaments." The declaration has received six thousand signatures of inhabitants of this borough, including the two representatives (Mr. Munts and Mr. Scholefield), several of the borough magis- trates, Aldermen Munts, Room, Thornton, Phillips, Weston, Cutler, Lawdon, and Palmer, and about fifteen or sixteen Councillors. There were several meetings held during the past week on the extension of the suffrage and other changes, but it is probable that the various parties, having the same object in view, will join in the above declaration. In Manchester, on Friday evening, a meeting of gentlemen was held in the council-room of the late National Anti-Corn-law League, to take into consideration the best means to be adopted to form an union of the middle and working classes, for the purpose of obtaining an extension of the suffrage, vote by ballot, equal electoral districts, and a reduction of taxation, &c.; George Wilson, Esq., late chairman of the League, occupied the chair. R. Cobden, Esq., M.P, J. Bright, Esq., M.P., J. Kershaw, Esq., M.P., were amongst the gentlemen present. The meeting was private, and the proceedings, of course, preliminary ; but strong opinions were expressed in favour of household suffrage, vote by ballot, triennial parlia- ments, and equal electoral districts. It was ulti- mately agreed that a circular, signed by the chairman, should be forwarded to all the sup- porters of the free-trade movement, and that when public opinion should have been obtained on the points under discussion, a more decided measure be taken for appealing to the people at large. The circular adopted on this occasion was as fol- lows: "Newall's Buildings, Manchester, "April 27, 1848. "Dear Sir — A number of gentlemen have met here to-day to consider what steps should be taken to promote a cordial union of all classes of Reformers in favour of an improvement in oar system ol parliamentary representation. They feel that increasing public expenditure and in. creasing taxation are canses of the deepest anxiety, and they doubt the possibility of any per« manent remedy being applied whilst the tax-payers are for the most part excluded from direct influence in Parliament. " I hare been requested te address this circular to you, to ascertain how far you think the «xten» sion of the franchise to all householders, with the protection of the ballot- the more equal distribu tion of the «lectora! power by means of electoral districts, and the shortening of the duration of Parliaments to a period not exceeding three years, would afford a system of representation such as the middle classes now partially enfranchised would generally acquiesce in, and which the unenfranchised classes would accept as a sub stantial admission to their legitimate place in the constitution. " I shall be glad to know whether yon think that at the present time a movement is desirable in favour of the changes I have indicated, and if yoe are disposed to co-operate with an association founded for the purpose of promoting them. I shall be glad also to know what-so far as you have ascertained-is the prevailing feeling of your town or district on the subject to which t have referred. "The replies to this circular will not be pub» lished, and I will thank you to favour me with an answer at your earliest convenience. " £ am, dear sir, " Faithfully yours, "GEOBGE WILSON." At Leicester, a crowded and enthusiastic meet ing was held on Thursday, which was presided over by the Mayor; four thousand persons were present, very many of whom belonged to the middle classes of society. It was resolved, " That the' fundamental principle of the British constitu tion being that the people shall be fully and fairly represented in the Common»' House of Parlia ment, this meeting feels bouud to express its deliberate conviction that the House of Commons, as at present constituted, does not meet this most important and essential requirement ;" and " That this meeting being of opinion that the time is now folly come wheo decided and energetic ' efforts -should be made by all classes throughout the country for the accomplishment of the objects set forth in the preceding resolutions, hears with great satisfaction that Mr. Hume has given notice of a motion for an enquiry into the present state of the representation of the people." On Monday, a meeting of the electors of Bir mingham, convened by what may be termed the complete suffrage section of Reformers, «ras held in the Town Hall, for the purpose of hearing a lecture by slr. H. Vincent, on " the duties and responsibilities of the middle classés at the pre sent crisis." Alderman Palmer was called to the chair, and supported by Mr. Müntz, M.P., Mr. Scholfield. M .P., Hr. Joseph Sturge, Mr. Good, rich, Mr. Baldwin, several members of the Town Council, and other respectable inhabitants of the borough. Mr. Vincent spoke for nearly an hour and a half. Mr. Müntz, M.P., next addressed the meeting. He agreed in the principles laid down by Mr. Vincent, but he was of opinion that at present they could not obtain universal suffrage, and that by insisting upon that franchise at the present moment they would endanger for a time the attainment of household suffrage. Mr. Schole field supported universal suffrage, but would also support the advocates of household suffrage, so far a¿ they went. The meeting was afterwards ad. dressed by various speakers-unanimity, with a few exceptions, prevailing from the commence, ment to the conclusion. A very important meeting was held on Wednesday, when a new association, named " The Reform League," and having for its objects " triennial parliaments, vote by ballot, household qualification, and new electoral dis. tricia," was established.-Mr. Müntz, M.P., al~ luded to the distress now pervading the country, which, he said, the present and the late Govern ments first attributed to the late famine in Ireland, but now that that excuse had got stale, they laid it at the door of the revolutions on the continent, which destroyed the foreign trade. He considered the foreign trade insignificant as compared with the home trade, and the falling off in that arose from the misrepresentation in the Commons' House of Parliament. The honorable member went on to implore the working classes to join heart and hand with the middle classes in obtain ing that suffrage which would send to Parliament honest, independent, and practical men, who knew the wants of the people, and would be able to bring forward effective remedial measures. Mr. 6. Edmonds contended that household suffrage combined with electoral districts would be quite as good as universal suffrage.-Mr. W. Mantle thought that household suffrage was the only re medy for the misery and wretchedness that exists. -Mr. J. Mason entreated the inhabitants not to divide themselves from the middle classes, but take it as an instalment, without any compromise of their principles, for within three months the battle must be fought on the principles of uni versal suffrage.-Hr. Hill was of the same opi nion,-The resolutions were passed almost unani mously. On Monday hight, there was a large meeting held in the Corn Exchange, Manchester, in favour of Parliamentary Reform and a reduction of taxa tion. Not less than fifteen hundred people could have been present, and hundreds were disap pointed in consequence of not being able to gain admittance. On the platform were several gen tlemen identified with the Anti-corn-law League movement, and John Brooks, Esq , late member of the League Council, and the unsuccessful candidate at the last election for the representation of Bolton, presided. He declared himself favour able to universal snffrage, but thought they were more likely to be successful in obtaining household suffrage. In many towns household suffrage would do very well, but in large towns universal suffrage would do much better (cheers). How ever, he declared his willingness to go for the reforms sought by Messrs. Hume, Cobden, and others. The other speakers were Messrs. J. C. Dyer, A. Prentice, J. Watts, Alderman W. Burd, Councillor A. Heywood, £. C. Copper, W. H. Smith, and Henry Vincent; and resolutions were ! passed declaring - That the present House ot Commons, by its recent decisions on questions of taxation and expenditure, has forfeited the conti, dence of the people-that tranquillity cannot exist until the industrious classes are relieved from their oppressive burdens, and property ia made to contribute its just proportion of the taxes ; and that in order to counteract the ruinous effects of pauperism and crime, consequent upon the extra vagance and imbecility of aristocratic government, a further measure of reform, consisting of a wide ] extension of the franchise, equal electoral dis tricts, vote by ballot, shorter duration of Parlia ments, and no property qualification for members, is imperatively demanded to meet the exigencies of the times. Most of the speakers, amidst load cheers, declared themselves in favour of universal snffrage, and even of the sis points of th« Charter, but they were wilting, as stated by the chairman, to go for something less, because they wanted to' rally round the movement all the strength they 1 could get. A resolution was put to the meeting, as an amendment, tn favour of the six points of tbe Charter, bat it was rejected by the majority, j The meeting, which was a most enthusiastic one, did not separate till a late hour. i A meeting of a simitar character has been held in Doncaster. j GLASGOW INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL.-A society was instituted in March, 1847, for the purpose of providing destílate or neglected children with education, food, and a regular system of industrial draining. In the latter part of July, two schools were opened in the halla of the Night Asylum for the houseless-one for the boys, and another for the girls. A third school was afterwards opened by the Parochial Board of Glasgow, but was subse quently transferred by them to the Industrial School Society. The number at present attending is about three hundred and forty, namely, two hundred boys and one hundred and forty girls. The period of attendance is daily from eight o'clock in the morning till seven in the evening. Their time is occupied in receiving moral, religious, and elementary instruction, and in working and recreation. The boys are employed in picking cotton and cotton waste, in teasing hair, and netting ; the girls in sewing and knitting. The children assemble for breakfast at half-past eight, for dinner at half-past one, and forsupper at half past six. On Saturday they are dismissed ¡at twelve, and on leaving school they are served with rations of bread for the afternoon. On Sabbath the children for some time received religious instruction in the school-rooms, bat now they ere nearly all conducted to church. Their behaviour in church, we are informed, is particu larly quiet and orderly. Of the first party Of fifty sent to church, thirty .four had never been in any place of worship. A large portion of the children are orphans or children of parents who from ill health are unable to work, or who from immo rality and recklessness have turned their children adrift to beg or steal. When brought to school, about one in twelve eould read. At night the children return to their parents' houses : orphan« are lodged, at the expense of the society, with decent poor women, not more than four being lodged in one house« and the cost is sevenpence per week for lodging each child.-Scottish Guar dian. FIRS AT SBA.-Advices yesterday from B«r. badoes communicate the deplorable loss of the English ship Philomela, belonging to Harrington, by fire. The vessel was newly built, about 400 tons burthen, and at the time of the unfortunate calamity was on her passage to England from Monte Video, laden with cotton. The comman der gives the owners the subjoined particulars : - " We left Monte Video on the 3rd December lust, and proceeded on oar way homeward as fat as 13 north latitude and 34 west longitude, where, on the 27th January, we discovered symptoms of fire iu the vessel, by smoke issuing from the fore castle. We opened the fore-hatchways, and took out one bale of wool, but could not do more, on acconnt of the firmness of the stowage. The hatches were put on again, and in about a quarter of an hour the smoke increased so greatly that the crew had much difficulty in breathing below. Having got up several bags of bread, all the hatches were closed up as tight as possible, in the hope of stifling the flames. This proved fruitless, and the heated state of the deck proved lhere was no chance of preventing the destruction of the vessel, and not a moment wastage lost; The boats were lowered as fast as possible, bat in the confusion in getting in a cask of water over Jthe rails into the long-boat, she bilged one of her sides so much that she quickly filled with water. This was a dreadful moment for us; the small boat only remained, and we were compelled either to trust ourselves in it, or to remain and meet with certain death on board the burning vessel. "Thank God, however, our preservation was willed. We secured a cask about two-thirds filled with water and two bags of wet bread from the long-boat before she went down. There were no fewer than twenty-three of ns in the boat, and so heavily was it laden that there was not more than nine inches between the surface of the water and the top of the gunwale : but this we contrived to improve by securing canvass round, thus form ing a temporary bulwark. The nearest land was British Guiana, 1500 miles distant. This we steered for, and for the first nine days after leav ing the burning ship we had fine weather, but on the evening of the ninth day a gale freshened up. which raised the sea to à most fearful state. Still the boat dashed through the raging surf, as if up borne by some invisible power. Not one of us could have believed that, a boat so deep ia the water could have lived. Five days afterwards, oar situation was observed by the Vansp'tke, of Surinam, which bore down and took us on board, and conveyed us to that port." There c*n be no doubt that the fire arose from spontaneous com bustion. The loss of the vessel ia stated to be considerable.-Globe, April 5. MEETING OF SERVANTS.-A meeting of ** British Servants" has been held at No. 6, Mill-street, Hanover-square, for the purpose of establishing a Servants' Protection Society. Several individuals spoke. While they admitted that the fact of being born in one country should not stand ia the way of obtaining employment in another, they complained that numbers of British servants had been thrown ont of service in France and were now entering into competition at home, where there were already thousands out of employment. It was urged that English noblemen md Kngliyfr gentlemen should rectify such a state of things by dismissing their foreign servants, of whom'ceo many found employment ia this country, Co the injary of British servants. Resolutions -were passed calling on the meeting to subscribe and to obtain subscriptions, ia order to sustain ~ihe so ciety in carrying these viewsinto effect. -^-London Paper. AN INCIDEKT IV BANKRUPTCY.-IN re Ecx 8T£iw.-This bankrupt, who was an ironmonger at Nottinghill, caracup for his final examination, at the Bankruptcy Court, Sheffield, and was cross examined by Mr Buchanan, solicitor to some Sheffield creditors. Mr Buchanan: Did yon write to aa appraiser, requesting lum to value your property as little above £3Was possible? The bankrupt hesitated ; Mr Buchanan repeated the question. Bankrupt: The broker was a stranger to rae. Hr Buchanan : Where does he live ? Bankrupt : I do not recollect ; I have not his address here. Mr Buchanan : Do you kaow the handwriting on this letter? Bankrupt (evi dently mach astonished) : Tes ; that is my writing. Commissioner : What is that ? Mr Buchanan : A most singular incident. It appears that the bank rupt wrote two letters at the same time, but, like the absent mao in ".The Spectator,'* he sent the letter which was meant for his friend, the broker, to my client, and my client's letter to the broker. Mr Buchanan then read the letter, which was headed, " Dear Sir," and contained a request that the broker would value the goods as little above £300 aa possible. The bankrupt admitted that he wished to have the property purchased for his own use, without going to a public sale. The Commissioner said it was a most improper trans, action. He could not prevent the bankrupt pass ing his examination, which had reference solely to a question of account ; but the conduct re vealed upon this occasion would prove a very se rions question at the certificate meeting.-Sheffield Iris. GRAVITATION OF TBS EKSCTAXC FLUID. -Mr Lake, of the Royal Laboratory, Portsmouth, has communicated to the Lancet the results of a sin gular experiment, which appears to show that the electric agent is really fluid ; and that when col lected so aa not to exert it« powers of attraction sud repulsion it obeys the law* of gravitation like carbonic acid and other gases. The electric fluid was received ia a Leyden jar insulated on a glass plate. At the lower part of the jar was a crack in the side of a star-like form, arid from around this th», metallic coating wax removed. On charging the jar, it was observed, that the electric fluid soon flowed Ont in a stream from the lower opening ; and on continuing the working of the machine, it flowed over tue lip of the jar, de scending ia a faint luminous corneal stream (vi sible only ia the dark) until it reached the level of the outside coating, over which it became gra dually diffused, forming, as it were, a frill, or collar. When the jar wu a little inclined oa one side, there was a perceptible difference in the time of its escape over the higher end tower parta of the lip, from the latter of which it began to flow first. On discontinuing the working of the ma chine, the fluid first ceased to flow at the lip of the jar, and then at the lower aperture. Oa te* newing the opération, it first re- appeared at the lower aperture, and afterwards at the month. This very ingenious experiment appears to es tablish the fact, that the electric fluid is material, and is infiaenced, under certain circumstances, by the laws of gravitation. Mr Lake proposes for it the name -of pyrogen ; bot this ia inconve nient because ft ia already «pptied to several che mical producta.-Medical Gazette. A WOMAN BURIED ALIVE.-Some time since, the daughter of an old soldier, who resides in Miller-street, Glasgow, was seized with fever, and conveyed to one of the hospitals. The old man, of course made frequent inquiries at the hospital as to the progress of the disease, and was pained to learn on every visit that his daughter was gra dually getting worse. At last he received the melancholy information that she was dead. The accessary arrangements were made for the fu- neral, and the body was interred in Sighthill Cemetery. Five days afterwards, while the mother of the buried woman was engaged in her usual household avocations, the door slowly opened, and lo! there entered, pale and emaciated, the figure of her dead daughter, which uttered the word " Mother." "Ye canna get in here-ye canna get in here! " exclaimed the affrighted mother, " your father buried you last week." And having thus endeavoured to lay the ghost, fainted. On coming to her senses, and observing the unwelcome visitor sitting in the house, she rushed down stairs to the workshop of her hus- band, exclaiming, in the same voice of extreme terror, " Oh, the daughter ye buried last week is sitting up stairs!" and went off in another fit. When the old couple had recovered a little self- possession neighbours were called in, the haunted house was entered, and there sat, not an intrusive, ill-bred ghost, but the veritable daughter, pale and thin, but as truly in life as ever she was. Here was a mystery not easily to be solved at the moment; but subsequent inquiries showed that the daughter and an Irishwoman of nearly the same name lay in the hospital next bed to each other. Hence the mistake of the father, being misinformed as to the state of his daughter's health ; and when the Irishwoman died her body was given to the supposed father who is, we learn, a Scotchman- and, from the circumstance of the virulence of the disease, interred without identification. We have been informed that the father of the recovered daughter is about to insti- tute legal proceedings against the manager of the hospital for the expense incurred by him in the interment of a stranger.— Glasgow Examiner. LORD VISCOUNT HARDINGE'S INTRODUCTION TO THE HOUSE OF PEERS.—The House of Lords pre- sented a most animated appearance about four on Monday. A number of persons of distinction en tered that part which surrounds the throne, and many ladies of the peerage and females of their family were introduced by the deputy usher, and seated in that functionary's seat, or accommodated in the gallery surrounding the house. Tnere were a few peers standing conversing near the wool* sack, occasionally looking towards the entrance below Ihe bar. That portion of the house ap propriated to the Commons was already crowded with members of the lower house. The object of their solicitude and curiosity conld not long remain a secret, and it was soon generally known that the gay groups had been attracted thither to pay homage to the illustrious hero of Ferozeshah and Sobraon-the glorious late Governor General of India. In a few minutes the crimson velvet curtains were drawn aside, and the usher of the black rod, Sir Augustus Clifford, appeared heading a procession formed of the Garter King at Arma, in a gorgeous uniform, covered with heraldic achievements. Then followed the Earl of Arun del, as deputy for his father the Dake of Norfolk, Earl Marshal of England. The peers who un dertook the office of introducing the noble vis count to the house, Lord Viscount Beresford and Lord Viscount Combermere, a name rendered illustrious in the history of Indian battle- fields, most appropriately appeared in the cortège of the distinguished man whose appearance for the first time in the House of Lords to reap the fruits of his military prowess and happy policy, was kindly greeted by all present. The noble viscount pro. ceeded to the table, where the usual ceremonies being gone through upon the occasion of a peer's introduction, and the customary oaths being taken by him, the procession retired, and again re-ap peared, entering by the back benches, and de scending into the body of the house through the opening in the opposition benches. At this mo ment the number of peers who stood ready to greet the man that her Majesty " delighted so to honour" was considerable, and the spectacle be. came highly interesting, if not overpowering, by the appearance of the nero of England's chivalry, the dauntless leader of a hnndred furious charges to protect the almost desperate fortunes of the army of Sir John Moore in the retreat upou Corunna-the victor of the invincible cuirassiers at " the crowning mercy" of Waterloo-the Mar quis of Anglesey. As he slowly proceeded to wards the observed of all observers, his gallant commander the Dnke himself appeared in his quiet grey paletot, and the crowd of peers stood aside to facilitate the meeting of the illustrious chieftains! The mutilated forms of the noble marquis and gallant viscount irresistibly excited melancholy amidst the general feeling of triumph. The interesting ceremony closed by the presenta tion, through Lords Combermere and Beresford, of Viscount Hardinge to the noble lord on the wool sack, who shook him cordially- by the hand. Whilst the ceremony was performing, the noble lieutenant general, who seemed to be in excellent health and- embrowned by service, examined, with apparent gratification, the graceful propor tions and gorgeous embellishments of the house, and more particularly the throne. The galaxy of military talent and renown was completed by the marquis and th« duke joining the circle that now surrounded the noble viscount, with whom they both exchanged cordial greetings and congratula, tiens.-Bell's Weekly Messenger, March 25. HALSTEAD.— CAPTURE OF ROBBERS.—The police at Halstead have succeeded in getting information that has led to the discovery of many of the rob- beries that have been so frequently perpetrated in this neighbourhood. On Monday night last the house of Mr. Coe, a publican in this town, was broken into, and a quantity of brandy, silver spoons, and other articles, were stolen. It appeared on the following morning that a professional burglar, named Bryant, was observed asleep in a beer-shop, carried on by a man called Goodey. Inspector Hunt, hearing of this, entertained a suspicion that this house would be a most likely spot for the con- cealment of stolen property, and accordingly obtained a search warrant. On entering the house on the following morning, for the purpose of exe- cuting it, the wife of Goodey immediately retreated up stairs, and upon the police afterwards searching her, a pair of shoes were found concealed on her person that answered exactly to the description of a pair stolen in a burglary from the house of Mr. Walford, and which have since been identified. A little girl was noticed with something bulky in her pocket, and which proved to be a silver cream jug which had been also taken from Mr. Walford's. Some silver spoons were also recognised as the property of the last-named gentleman. Other spoons were found that had been purloined in the robbery at Mr. Coe's house, which have been since identified. Goodey and his wife and daughter were accordingly taken into custody. The next day the prisoner Goodey voluntarily stated to Inspector Hunt that a farmer, of the name of Gould, living at Greensted Green, was also in treaty with the general gang, and that at the present time he was in possession of a large share of stolen property. Acting upon this intelligence, the police imme- diately repaired to the house pointed out, and soon discovered they were upon the right scent. Con- cealed in the chimney was a large sack, that Gould pretended to contain straw, but on examination a number of unfinished clothes were found to be the contents. These have been since identified by Mr Tawell, of Earls Colne, whose premises were lately robbed. Some handkerchiefs were likewise found that hare been subsequently claimed by Mr. Harvey, draper, Halstead, whose house was robbed some months back. In the yard, or garden, another sack with a large quantity of garments, closed and compactly stowed up, was dragged from its hiding place by a constable, which Mr. Tawell also recog- nised as his goods. This exposure of Gould has caused great consternation and surprise in the neighbourhood since he was generally regarded as a man of the strictest honesty, if not respectability, and was actually serving in the capacity of a con- stable at the time this discovery was made ! Two notorious characters. Edwards and Pudney, were apprehended also on suspicion, and their ringleader, Bryant, has since fallen into the hands of the police. We understand that frosh information has just been received, and that more parties are im- plicated in these numerous and serious robberies. There are now twelve prisoners in the station house, all charged with a connection in different ways and degrees with the gang.— Ipswich Express. TREMENDOUS FIRE AT MITCHAM.— One of the most extensive fires that has occurred in or near the metropolis for a considerable period broke out ia.t nigh* between eight and hine, in the manufacturing premises of Messrs. Robins and Co., weavers of patent hosiery, at Phipps'-bridge. Mitcham, Surrey. ! The premises were nearly 300 feet long, and fitted up with costly machinery, &c.; With as Utile delay as possible, three parish (and a private)engines were taken to the spot, but the destructive element by that time had obtained too great a hold to be extin guished by their power. Information was, therefore sent by a mounted police constable to London with intelligence of the calamity. The mo-neat the news arrived in town the engines started to the scene. Upon arriving at the spot a scene of awful grandeur presented itself; the whole of the im meuse factory belonging to Messrs. Robins and Co., together with the machinery, were blazing away wim the greatest impetuosity, and the country for miles round was rendered as^tight as noon-day hy the great sheets of flame rising from the buming property. The London engines were taken to the edge of the river Wandie, and were immediately set to work, and powerful bodies of water were scattered upon and into the biasing propery, in spite of which the fire continued to travel, and before any impression could be made upon it, the I adjoining premises of Messrs. Taylor, hot-pressers and silk-dressers, were also wrapped in flames, j The firemen laboured without the least intermission | for several hours, and vast was the quantity of water thrown into the flames ; butrtbe fire travelled throughout the factory in which itorhrinated, and before midnight the immense pile of premises was burned to the ground, not so much as the outer walls remaining entire. The whole of the stock in trade of goods, finished and partly so, was likewise reduced to ashes, and the costly machinery h*s been spoiled. The loss on «his property alone will amount to several thousand pounds. Independent of this loss, the contents of Messrs. Taylor's, the hot- pressers and silk dressers, have been tota'ly destroyed, and the following compartments in Messrs. Welch, Margetson, aud Co.'a silk-printing premises hare sustained serious damage, viz :-«he madder rooms, tool houses, carpenters' shops, and copper houses, some of which are burned down. The total damage is calculated at about £ 15,000.— Globe, April 5. EPISCOPAL WIT. - Atterbury, Bishop of Ro- chester, alluding to a bill brought into the House of Lords, said —"That he had prophesied that the bill would be attempted in the present session, and he was sorry to find that he had proved a true prophet," Lord Coningsby desired the house to remark that one of the right reverends had set himself up as a prophet ; but; for his part, he did not know what prophet to liken him to, unless to that furious prophet, Balaam, who was reproved by his own ass. The bishop replied —" Since the noble lord has discovered in our manners such a similitude, I am well content to be compared to the propbet Balaam ; but, my lords, I am at a loss how to make out the other part of the parallel. I am sure I have been reproved by nobody but his lordship." A burst of laughter followed the castigation.— Bell's Weekly Mes- senger. STANDING EN QUEUE IN PARIS.— Do you know what standing en queue is ? It is a thing very cha- racteristic of the French and there extempore social police. Anywhere that there threatens to be a crowd seeking admission, whether to a baker's shop or a professor's lecture room, instead of heap- ing themselves chaotically about the door, they stand some two or three feet abreast, "in tail," or in regular line, and thus prevent preliminary dis- turbance. This line may sometimes extend for a long way — no matter ; the new comer must station himself at the end of it; if he attempt to interca- late himself into any member of the tail, an indig- nant shout of a la queue sends him abashed to its close.— Manchester Examiner. SLAVERY.— A Boston paper contains the trial and conviction of Martha Christian, in Virginia, for teaching a slave to read the Bible. 