Original tformpouscurc- To the Editor oj the Guardian, ttl, —In the joyous hope that my atholic brethren throughout tlm island ill concur with me in iteming i lie torent of sectarian malice, 1 R::I induced o offer, through your columns, u few bservations. It is, sir. full time that we should bestir oursrdves to wan! off he blows of our atstilants, and level ith the earth the satid-raised barriades of Luthenarism. In gloomy lence have I hitli?rlo viewed the oisonous out-pouiiu^s of those slanerous journals the Britannia «nd Colonial Times, their column* are ncessantly teeming with uublushing de> 'arations against the Catholic Chu>ch, that church which has withstood, hrough u^es of persecution, the Asaults of tyrants and traitors, backlid.'ts and calutu'iiir.;irs; that church which has defied, for eighteen hundred vcars. the power of the monarch of the >cigii cf darkness. In vain, sir, eliall the children of error uitempt to rem 'vs »e ol Ihe many pillers ot the Catholic brin li, while Christ, her chief corner stone, has wrapt her in his ttrnis, i»"d alls Iter his beloved one. She is the dmirable city seated on the mountain's top, into which all nations shall flow ; from out her aisle flows a stream' of living waters, of which whomsoever rinks shall thirst no mote,ail powei* is iven to me in heaven and in eiirth.sD'ith he Saviour; go ye therefore and tench ll nation", baptizingthom in ihe name f the Father, Son, and Huly Ghost. uch are the instructions given by I he od ol' heaven to the prelates of the atholic Cliuch, and none dure gainiiay t; (hey have, regardless of death and anuer, executed the orders of th eir nfallible muster in the dreary desu rts nd fenced cities of the pagau, thiJre lanted the imperishable standard of atholicity, aud shook, by the powers f their reasoning, ihe temples of oloch and Juggurnaut. The Lc>rd hile speaking through the mouth of is royal and noble prophet, Isaitdi, ays, ' ibis is my covenant, with the m, aith Ihe Loid.the words which I shall ut into their mouths shall not depurt ut of their souths nor out of t be outh of their seed, nor nut of t he outh of their seeds seed, sai'h the Lord, from henceforth and for eve r.' he great saint Augustine lias declared hat he would not believe an ang el rom heaven if the Catholic Churi3h id not move him thereto. It is herefore sheer folly, nay worse lhi*n adness, for infatuated booby's, c r, n other words, grub-street author", to ttempt to stain, by iheir unintelligih le ar ton, the stainless gaiment of llie now white dove, sooner shall, ard ? ta rin, wing her course and rest on the ummit ol Mont Btanr. The Catbol ic nd holy Roman Church is, iodeerl. he mother and repository of all that is reat and grand, the source and fountain of nil loveliness aud godliuess, th biide of Israel's Ring, the'imperial an d immutable rock of truth ; alas, if hi* disobedient children would but si :e her hourly prostrations and nevitr ceasing intercession in their belial f, they woti'd return from the eiror i >f their ways and live, they would nc>t lemain tossed to aud fro, on the loam y biliou s of uncertainty aud death. Ye s, the Catholic Church is, indeed, it"* true and infallible temple of tame, In " r high and lotty bearing has called fort h the world's admiration. She hf 1 * given laws to naiiunB and wisdom t o kings; she speaks, and one hundred and eighty millions of Iter children scattered throuuli the nations of the earth, one io faith, one in unity, obey Iter benign aud spiiitual aiu'iassadois have spanned the eauh irom pole to pole, initialing lliechildren ofdaiknes* in the digestible and wholesome laws of llieiir unerring ni'stiem, and adding strayed sheep to the flock of the Siou of the folil of Judah. In conclusion, sir, I hope the day is not far distant when my unbelieving brethren, through the mercy of liim who never sleepeth, will he brought into the one on'y true and ta'e church, and then will they be able to estinnte the true value ot her, to whotn the world stands indebted foj the strict preservation of divine nnd Bacred laws, I am, Mr. Editor. Your obedient servant— HIBRRNIA. Hobart Town, Sept 28:h, 1849, 