THE HAUNTED MAN. WE take from the Birmingham Journal the fol- lowing abridgment of the plot of Dickens's Christ- mas tale hearing the above title: A professor of chemistry, moody, gloomy, and recluse, but kindly, named Redlaw, in an old country collegiate institute, is sitting down to his solitary dinner, at which he is being waited upon by a loquacious attendant, named William Swidger, very prone to talk of the goodness of his wife, Milly, (the benevolent genius of the story,) who well deserves his praise, and is vastly beloved by the surrounding juvenile population, as well as by the students who frequent the ancient founda- tion for the purpose of the lectures—Redlaw's own among the number. While her husband is eulo- gizing her, she conies in accompanied by her father-in-law, Philip Swidger, aged eighty- seven, for the purpose of putting up some holly and ivy, (it is Christmas time, as a matter of course,) pur- suant to an injunction left to that effect by one of the bygone patrons of the institute, "one of the ten poor gentlemen who commuted," and whose picture hangs in the dinner-hall, in a peaked beard, with a ruff round his neck, and bearing a scroll in his hand, on which is inscribed in old English letters, "Lord Keep my Memory Green;" which sentiment it is the object of the book to justify and enforce. Old Philip says the duty of going round every year to fulfil this pious and benevolent request, for which the necessary funds have been left, has helped to keep his me- mory green; and his memory extends to many, many happy Christmases. This is galling news to Redlaw, for he has known few such Christmases of late: he is tortured by his own thoughts—he is the Haunted Man. In the course of the talk that ensues, it appears that one of the proteges of Milly's philanthropy is a student residing in the precincts of the col- lege, at a place called Jerusalem Buildings—sick, poor, and in trouble of mind, who is engaged to be married when he could afford it, and is study- ing to obtain the means of earning a living. He is one of Redlaw's class, and the chemist wishes to set out to see him at once; but this Milly will not hear of then. So she, her husband, and father-in-law withdraw, leaving the professor to his solitude, in his arm-chair, gazing into the fire. Now comes the Ghost, and the Ghost is none other than an awful resemblance of Redlaw himself, behind whose chair it takes up its posi- tion, and is seen by the chemist just as clearly as if they were face to face, and they become so after a while. This the vision that perpetually haunts Redlaw. They enter into a dialogue. The Phan- tom proceeds to recount his own experiences, which are precisely those of the chemist. Born in poverty, Redlaw had worked hard to acquire knowledge in his youth. He had not a mother's love long, for a stranger obtained his father's place in her affections. Redlaw made a friend of a companion with whom he worked; but this companion won the heart of Redlaw's sister, to whom the chemist was greatly attached, and for whose approbation and welfare he toiled unceas- ingly. The friend took away the sister; the chemist rose to eminence; but his old ambition had perished, for she who was its spring died. This leaves in the professor the sense of a sorrow and a wrong—he preys upon himself, and his memory is a curse. He wishes to get rid of the recollection. His other self—the Spectre—offers him forgetfulness—the power to cancel their re- membrance—to leave but very faint and confused traces of them, that will die out soon. But nothing else is to be lost—only the associations and feel- ings in connection with the banished recollections. The bargain is struck—the Ghost's Bargain. The Phantom imbues Redlaw with the power of forgetting the sorrow, wrong, and trouble he complains of; but that gift the chemist is com- pelled to impart to all he approaches, destroying the feelings that are in himself destroyed—the feelings dependent upon and mixed up with the memory of sorrow, wrong, and trouble. Redlaw is cursed with his gift, though at first he thought it would be a fine thing to have the power of obliterating the sense of sorrow, wrong, and trouble. He tries it on many—on many against his own will—and he finds that intense selfishness usurps the heart of all who would for- get their sorrow, wrong and trouble—that the vivid recollection of these is the great element of soothing and humanising life—and that where such recollection is impaired we become utterly intolerant of each others' foibles; the affections and sympathies are annihilated, leaving behind nothing but callousness and a sense of isolation and indifference to our kind. This is a very beautiful Fancy for Christmas Time—or conceit, as some people may term it, and it is very happily worked out. One of the parties upon whom the experiment is made, are Mr. and Mrs. Tetterby, who keep a very small newsvender's shop, and an immensely large family, in Jerusalem Buildings. Those Tetterby's—prodigious friends of Milly's— are the Boz diamonds of the book, set in the Tiny Tim style of previous December jewellery, tolerably well known by the admirers of such regalia. They are a happy family till the chemist meets Mrs. T in the street a-shopping for her Christmas wares. The contact with him causing her to forget her domestic sorrows, wrongs, and troubles, she sud- denly discovers a multitude of imperfections in Mr. T., much to that gentleman's horror and mystification; but he also reciprocates the feeling when he meets Redlaw, and imbibes his soul-with- ering secret; and so also with the infantile Tetter- by's, as manifested in various ludicrous distresses in the whole of that domestic circle. Thus it is, too, when Redlaw comes to old Philip Swidger, beside his son George's death-bed. When the re- collection of the old man's sorrow, wrong, and suffering leaves him, hard-heartedness takes pos- session of him. His memory is no longer green; and he in his turn experiences the selfishness of his son William, Milly's husband. So also is it in several other eases among the criminal, the desti- tute, and the vicious:—oblivion of their misery is no relief, but an aggravation of the hardship of their lot. Redlaw visits the sick student, (in whom he finds the child of his mother's paramour, and one otherwise mixed up with his own concerns,) and in him the same change is wrought. He is no longer grateful for Milly's excellent nursing; and, in short, becomes thoroughly selfish. And this is the moral prominently put forth in every page. At last the gift begins to be reversed. All this time Redlaw has avoided coming into contact with Milly, whose goodness consequently remains un- impaired. There is also another person who re- mains unifected with the chemist's power, and that is one of the little abandoned wretches, whom it is the object of Mr. Dickens' Ragged Schools to reclaim. The reason Redlaw's spell can work no edict upon him is—that he has no sorrow, wrong, or suffering, as against any one individual, to forget or forgive, and consequently he is a mass of haidened selfishness, at war with the world, and with whom the world is at war. Redlaw find that he is the precise image of himself, as he ac- companies him on his various expeditions to the abodes of sin and wretchedness; and upon the consequences to society of suffering the existence of such beings as this neglected and brutalised child, unthought of and uncared for, the Spectre delivers some remarks that thoroughly cure Red- law of his impatience of what he had formerly complained of. All, however, is set right, by the genial influence of Milly, who has sympathy in every one's sorrow, wrong, and suffering, and finds, in the kindliness and happiness she produces, an effectual antidote for any distresses of her own. The whole affair, of course, winds up with a Christ- mas festivity, at which all the Tetterby family ap- pear in great force; as do also the sick student, who has recovered and got married; theSwidgers family, Milly, the life of the circle, and old Philip Swidgers of eighty-five, full of reminiscences of happiness of past seasons; and the chemist, and the child without name or lineage, who was be- coming humanised under Milly; all these and others, assembled in the great dinner hall of the old ecclesiastical pile, do fitting homage to the gentleman in the peaked beard, with ruff round his neck, and the scroll in whose hand bore in old English characters the words, "Lord Keep My Memory Green!" an aspiration in which one may recognise, without any very great stretch of in- genuity, the natural and characteristic wish of the author himself, on his own behalf, in ronniclion with those Fancies for Christmas Time which he has laboured so hard to retain amongst us. 