CITY COUNCIL. Thursday, Nov. 1. Present —The Right Worshipful the Mayor; Aldermen Allen, Brown,' Egan, Thurlow, Broughton, and Fisher ; Councillors JoBephson, Lingard, Palon, Smidmore, Little. Moore, Moir, Hill, May, Jenkins, Ryan, Williams, Roberts, Thomas, MofiUt, Peden, and Board. The new Councillors having been introduced by the Aldermen of their respective wards, took their seats, and the business of the Council was proceeded with. The Council. first considered the case of Mr. George Rowley with closed doors. TJie Council having resolved itself into Committee, Alderman Thurlow proposed that there should be four standing committees appointed for the year ending October 3 1st, 1850, viz. — the Finance, Improvement, Water and Lighting, and Hackney Carriage and Bye-law. Alderman Broughton objected to the amalgamation of the Water and Improvement Committee. Alderman Allen moved, as an amendment, that the Improvement and Water Committees should be united. Councillor Jenkins opposed the amalgamation of the Water and Improvement Committees. The original motion was carried. Mr. Alderman Thurlow then proposed that each committee should consist of six Councillors and one Alderman, to be taken from each ward and elected by ballot. Carried. The Finance Committee to consist of the Mayor, chairman ; Councillors Williams, Moffit, Thornton, Macdonald, and Board. The Improvement Committee to consist of Councillors Moir, TII _ _ .1 mi T t ? T-» . t Jc lOOQy lQ0ul3S| JGuKinSy JtalOal) EUld JYLOOrG The Water and Lighting Committee to consist of Councillors Little, May, Ryan, Wilkie, Peden, and Lingard. Hackney Carriage and By-law Committee to consist of Coun cillors Josephson, Driver, Hill, Roberts, and Smidmore. The names were then proposed to the Council and carried. It being too late to proceed with further business, the Council adjourned. Friday. Present— The Mayor ; Aldermen Allen, Egan, Brown, Thurlow Broughton, and Fisher ; Councillors Ryan, Driver, Macdonald, Neale, Moore, Paton, Thomas, Little, Roberts, May. Moir, Lingard, Josephson, Peden, Moffitt, Smidmore, Jenkins, Thornton, Board, Hill, and Williams. election of mayor. Yesterday was the day on wh»ch devolved the duty of the Council to elect from their body that important civic functionary, " The Mayor," for the ensuing year ; and the Council having met for that purpose, the election was proceeded with. There was, however, some dispute as to the way in which the election was to be con ducted ; and the Mayor stated that he had consulted the City Solicitor on the point, who advised that the different candidates should be nominated, and the greatest number of votes recorded in favour of either should decide the election. This was however overruled, and the old system adopted. Mr. Josephson then proceeded to propose a candidate for the office, and in doing so passed a great eulogium on the private as well as the public character of his nominee. He begged to propose Mr. George Allen. Mr. Lingard seconded the motion. Alderman Fisher objected to the election of Mr. Allen. First, because he had previously filled that office ; and secondly, because during his career as Mayor, that Council had been deeply involved from some neglect or apathy in pecuniary difficulties ; he therefore proposed Mr. Councillor Moir. Mr. George Hill then seconded the proposition. Councillor Little proposed that the then present Mayor should be re-elected, as he felt confident that they could not possibly find among their members one who had so zealously, faithfully, and honestly discharged his duty both to the citizens and to the credit of their own body. Mr. Councillor May seconded the proposition of Mr. Little. Mr. Alderman Egan then proposed Mr. George Hill, which was seconded by Mr. George Thornton. The last amendment, that Mr. George Hill be appointed to the civic chair, was then put to the Council, and on division there were, for the amendment, 23 ; against it, 5 ; leaving a majority of 18 in favour of Mr. Hill's election. Mr. Hill having taken the usual oaths, was declared " Mayor," and took his seat accordingly. On taking the chair, Mr. Hill returned thanks to his fellow- colleagues, who had that day conferred upon him such a distin guished honour ; but he more particularly felt grateful to those of his fellow-citizens who had laid the foundation-stone to the com pletion of that dignity then conferred on him — namely, the highest civic honour in the city which had given him birth. Sydney Railway.— The first general meeting of the shareholders of this great colonial undertaking is to be held at the Company's office on Tuesday, first, at twelve o'clock, for the purpose of choosing Diiectors in conformity with the provistons of the Act of Incorpora tion. The shareholders and the community at large are under the deepest obligation to the gentlemen who have been hitherto the working pioneers of this movement, and who have persevered in the face of every discouragement which prejudice and ignorance could throw in their way, to bring tiie prospect of cheap and speedy com munication with the interior, so near a reality that its accomplish ment is now matter of certainty. Dr. Nicholson, Speaker of the Legislative Council, Charles Cowper, Esq., M.L.C., J. Lamb., Esq., M.L.G'., Daniel Cooper, jun., Esq., M.L.C., Charles Kemp, Esq., and William Bradley, Esq., have, we understand, allowed themselves to be put in nomination as Directors ; and as these gentlemen have already given proof of their will and ability to conduct the direction of the Company, we trust that the shareholders will signify their approbation by unanimously electing them to be the first Directors of the Sydney Railway Company. We understand that some thousand shares have been bougnt within these few days. Mr. Lewis's Case. — We have been requested to state, with reference to the paragraph which appeared in our last, that Mr. Lewis was received into the Tarban Creek Asyluin only on the warrant of the Governor, in conformity with the Act of Council. This Mr. Lewis himself denies ; we of course are not in a position to say which side is in the affirmative. We cannot however but regard Mr. Lewis's case as one of great hardship, from what we have heard of it. The whole matter has however been placed in the hands of Mr. Alderman Thurlow, and will consequently be brought before the public in the Supreme Court. We shall there fore refrain from saying more about it at present, especially as it might be dangerous for us to do so. We have taken some pains to investigate the case, and, as far as we are concerned, we are satisfied that Mr. Lewis lias ground foi complaint. Ggon News for. the Squatters. — Some idea of the immense importance of the late advance in the price of wool may be formed ' from the fact, that at a moderate computation the increased re sources of this colony cannot lie estimated at less than £200,000. Woolgrowing will this year, be the next best successful speculation , after gold digging, and will at all events prove mure beneficial to every class of this community. Supposed Murder.— Yesterday the body of Mr. David Foley, of Pitt WTater,an old and respected colonist, was brought into town, having been found in the bush about a mile from his residence. Mr. Foley had left home with a horse and cart to convey some produce to be shipped for Sydney, but being away longer than was necessary alarm was excited, and Mrs. Foley and her daughter went out in search of him ; about a mile from their residence they found the cart overturned, and the horse kicking in the shafts, the body of Mr. Foley was found quite dead under the cart, with two wounds, appa rently gunshots, in his left side. A post mortem examination was made last night, aud an inquest will be held to-day. Suspicon has fallen upon a neigbour of deceased's after whom the police are in searh. Ebenezer Chapel. — The trustees of this chapel, now being erected on the South Head Road, gave their quarterly tea meeting in Providence Chapel, Parramatta-street, on Monday evening last. There was a numerous attendance, and from the report which was read, it appeared that about £150 had been collected during the last six months. It is expected that the chapel will be completed about Christmas. The Irish State Prisoners. — We have been informed that Messrs. Smith O'Brien, Meagher. M'Manus, and O'Donahue, have been sent out with directions to the Lieutenant-Governor to issue tickets-of-leave to them, provided they conducted themselves properly on the voyage, and were willing to engage that they would not use the liberty thus granted them in order to make their escape. We understand that Meagher and O'Donahue, have agreed to these terms, and will accordingly be entitled to all tne privileges of ticket of-leave holders. Smith O'Brien and M'Manus have refused to enter into such an engagement, and will, therefore be sent to some of the stations at Maria Island or the Peninsula, and there be subjected to such an amount of coercion as may be necessary to prevent their escape. We regret much that they should be so extremely ill-advised as to refuse the only alleviation of their unfortunate condition which it is possible to grant, and one which would leave them so great an amount of comparative liberty. The Swift packet had been specially allotted for the purpose of conveying them hither, and commissioned as a vessel of war, They were treated with the utmost kindness and conside ration on the voyage by the captain and officers. The other stato prisoners Martin and O'Dogherty, who had been sent to Sydney, are also to be transmitted to this island, the Emma being engaged for the purpose, and her state cabin appropriated to them. The Swift called at the Cape, but was only allowed to remain twelve hours to take in a supply of water and fresh provisions. The Neptune prison-ship, with Mitchel on board, had not arrived, nor had any account of her been received. It was reported, but we cannot learn on what authority, that she was lost off the Laghullas. — Hobart Town Advertiser, October 30. Stosm.— Yesterday the weather was excessively sultry in the early morning, and afterwards a gusty westerly wind arose, and clouds gathered. After two o'clock there was every indication of a thunderstorm, and the wind lulled, but it was not till nearly four o'clock that the storm burst, A violent wind, nearly amounting to a hurricane, then suddenly arose from the north-west, which in a few minutes changed to south-west, then backed round to north-west, and once more changed to south- west, at which it continued blowing for some time. During these changes tbe wind blew in gusts of uncontrollable fury, unroofing several houses in the town, partially or wholly, blowing down chimneys, and in one case actually nearly blowing off the upper story of a budding. This last was a wing of tbe Boston Brewery, Bulwer-street, in which is placed the large cooler, and the walls of which are consequently almost entirely com posed of weatherboards in frames, so hung that at wiil they can be all opened to allow a free draught of air through ; the further end of this wing is built up to the eaves with a substantial brick wall. Against this wall of weather-boards the full force of the wind came, and although, as Mr. Cadell assured us, the frames were all open at the time, the building was seen to rock once or twice, and then to suddenly heel over, the wall being left two feet out of the perpendi cular ; the brickwork at the end split, one part accompanying the weather-boards, while the other remained attached to the gable- end wall ; the roof also accompanied the weather-board portion, and slid evenly over the gable wall, scarcely disturbing a brick in its passage ; the eastern brickwork which was disturbed fell out into Mr. Rourke's yard. In the two-story house inhabited by Mr. R. P. Forster, High-street, two chimneys fell with a loud crash, neither of them fortunately falling inwards, although the bricks from one fell on and damaged the roof. The chimneys were also blown down in a house in Elgin- street. A window in the Catholic Church re ceived some injury, and a wooden window in the tower of the Free Scotch Kirk was blown in. A barn belonging to Mr. Thompson was entirely unroofed, and numbers of buildings were blown down. All these damages occuried in West Maitland ; we did not hear last evening how East Maitland and Morpeth fared. In ihe gardens many trees were uprooted or branches torn off, and fruit was blown down to a great extent, while some cabbages in a garden near the Falls were uprooted and took a flying leap across the river. We hear several trees in the immediate neighbourhood have been blown down. Up to a late, hour last evening we had heard of no injury or accident to any person. Since the above was written, we have heard that in East Maitland the wind partially unroofed several buildings, and blew down some temporary erections, and also blew off the cross from the roof of the Catholic church. A barn belong ing to Mr. Holcomb, senior, was blown down, and another belonging to Mr. Hickey. In Morpeth we heard that the walls of a brick building commenced some time since by Mr. Anlaby, but discon tinued, were blown in. - We understand Mr. Cadell and other persons think the injury to the Boston Brewery was caused by a stroke of lightning, and not by wind ; but we could see no mark ot appearance to justify the supposition. — Maitland Mercury. The Court of Requests. — It is a maxim that the law was made for the people, and not the people for the law, and that public offices were created not as nurseries of imbeciles and epieures, but as faithful channels for the administration of that law. Holding this maxim to be well founded, we feel it incumbent upon us as unswerving advocates of the piople, to scrutinize the conduct of our public functional ies, and denounce with becoming severity every instance of corruption or negligence, fearless alike of the frowns of the powerful, and the winking predilections of the unprincipled. The conduct of the underlings in the Court of Requests has more than once been the theme of public censure, and moie than a thousand times the subject of verbal complaint. Not to speak of numerous irregulaiities in the pounds, shillings, and pence line, we have been credibly informed that it is quite a common practice with the officials of Bent-street to keep suitors waiting on their conve nience for three or four hours at a stretch, and that even when their august presence is accessible, their insolence is such as to render the matter of taking out a summons much less agreeable than it naturally is. No latex than last Monday week several individuals had to dance attendance during the whole of the after noon without having seen even the ghost of a clerk or registrar, and were eventually compelled to depart, with the reflection, that they had absolutely wasted their time in waiting upon those, whose duty it was to wait on them. All that we can say is, that we hope this hint to the worthies of the Court of Requests will render a formal appeal to the Commissioner unnecessary. Cockatoo Island. — An inquest was held on Tuesday last, at this island, on the body of a man named John Harris, who died between 3 and 4 that morning from the bursting of an artery in the region of the heart. Verdict— Died from natural causes. " To br Let." — At no former period do we recollect to have seen this well- known symbol of emptiness so generally displayed from shops, houses, and all sorts of tenements throughout the city as at the present time. ,The tickets are roost common in the suburbs ; but the sprinkling throughout the business parts of the town is so conspicuous that our attention has been repeatedly drawn to tbe fact, tbat California, in spite of all misrepresentations as to its immorality, irreligion, lawlessness, insecurity, and insalubrity, has recommendations which have induced many hundreds of our indus trious and money-making citizens, as well as mechanics and la bourers, to forsake our city, where competition is too great to encourage the hopes of the woiking community that " there are better times coming yet." Chinese Immigration. — A rather numerous meeting was held on Monday evening last, at Shipman's Hotel, Brickfield Hill, for the purpose, as the advertisement expressed, of taking " into con sideration a circumstance that has lately transpired, which is inju rious to those trades (feilmongers and woolsorters) in particular, and the community in general." A series of resolutions (which will be found in our advertising columns) were proposed and adopted, from the drift of which it would appear these the parties concerned in getting up the meeting originally intended te form an Association of all the Working Classes, for the purpose of opposing tbe importation of Chinese labourers into this colony. During the course of the meeting, however, it turned out that the feilmongers and woolsorters were not disposed to go beyond their own particular grievance, which appeared to be this, that Mr. Barker, of the Waterloo mills, had some eighteen or twenty Chinamen in his employment, as feilmongers and woolsorters ; that these men had been employed for some time in wasning wool, Dut mat a week or two ago, they had been placed to work along with the European workmen, so that by observing the manner in which the skins were fellmongercd, 8tc„ they might be initiated into the trade. The Europeans refused to work in the company of these men, and after a good deal of alterca tion, they (the European workmen) were discharged from their em ployment. This is the substance of what was said by one or two of the workmen, and some strong feelings were expressed against the injustice of bringing in these Chinamen, to learn the trade of Europeans. If the object of the meeting had from the first been confined to this object, and a set of resolutions been framed in ac cordance therewith, some good might possibly have been done ; but as it is, the feilmongers, by the resolutions they have adopted, will not, we are afraid, benefit themselves materially, and the public not at all. Having restricted the matter entirely to their own trade, they cannot now expect the cooperation of other trades. If the matter had been thrown open, or restricted, from the beginning, there can be little doubt but that a great deal of good woutd have been affected. Stealing. — A woman named Margaret Walsh was apprehended on Wednesday night, by constable M'Gee, with an iron pot in her possession, in Pitt-street about 12 o'clock. On being taken to tbe watch-house, she confessed to have stolen it from a bouse in Goul- burn- street, and it was on Thursday morning identified by a Mrs. Kelly who missed it from her premises about half-past 11 on the previous night. Tbe prisoner was commited for trial. Vagrant Act. — The Bench of Magistrates have this week (and very properly) passed very heavy sentences on those who have come under the latitude of this act ; and when we consder the numerous vagabonds who are at all hours of day and night to be seen prowling and loitering about tbe streets; seeking like sharks some object of plunder, by which they may avoid the necccssity of working, we think in justice to the public, and as a warning to others, they have acted very wisely. In several instances, two months hard labour on the roads of the colony lias been awarded to these miscreants. Permanent Trespassers.— While we have occasionally to notice the punishment inflicted on various respectable shopkeepers for permitting packages of bale goods to obstruct the footpaths in the city, we have, at the same time, to remark the utter disregard of the police and the Inspector of Nuisances to the existence of an obstruc tion and annoyance of far greater importance ; we allude to the fact that although several hundred children in the southern part of the city, make a daily play-ground of the paddock opposite Carter's Barracks, their youthful gambols are conducted in the midst of some half dozen uucared-for horses ; the dangerous animals being occasionally wild and in the highest mettle when enjoying a tem porary release from controul. Repeated accidents consequently occur, and one of a very dangerous nature happened on Thursday afternoon ; a little boy having been kicked by a horse, by which some of his teeth were knocked out, and his mouth and chin severely cut and bruised. It is time to correct this scandalous nuisance. It will be a poor redress to the sufferers if a death occur, and the animals be afterwards impounded. Why are the owners not summoned and fined. Sale of Steamers.— On Tuesday last, the two steamers, the Juno and Sea Horse, with their stores, machinery, &c.;, were put up to public competition, at the Mart of Mr. Samuel Lyons. The Sea Horse was first started at a bid of £500, and subsequently purchased by Mr. Thacker for f 850. The Juno made a first move at £1,500, and went off at £2,900, Mr. Henry Moore being the purchaser. After which, twenty -six shares of the Hunter River Steam Navigation Company were sold, twenty at £8 10s., and six at i 9 7s. each. The schooner Will Watch.— Information having been re ceived from Jervis Bay that the above vessel, with Hovenden on board, had put in there last Monday week, and left the following day, the steamer Eagle, which arrived from Moreton Bay on Satur day rooming, was immediately engaged to go in pursuit, and started the same evening. She returned after a fruitless search on Tuesday morning, having called at Port Aiken, Botany Bay, Broken Bay, and Jervis Bay. On her return she stood off the land at a distance of about twenty miles, but could not discover anything of the schooner. Passengers per Victoria.— The following names have been withdrawn from the list of passengers of the above vessel, which appeared in our last publication Mary Norton, Mary Avery, James O'Bare, Susan Crossland, Joseph and Mrs. Napthali. English Shipping.— The Nimrpd, from Sydney 5th March, arrived at Gravesend, 19th July; also the Blonde, hence 17th February. The|Tlio'mas Arbutlmot, hence 5th April ; and Cathe rine Jamieson, hence 9th February, arrived there 22nd July.. The Auriga, from Hobart Town, arrived 20th July; the Elizabeth Thompson, from Launceston, 19th July ; and the Harpley, from Adelaide, 23rd. The Success, Stewart, sailed from the Downs for Sydney 19th July : and the Aztic, Wright, on the 27th. July; The William and Mary sailed from Plymouth with emigrants, 26 th July. The James, T. Ford left Plymouth 17th July, and the Duke of Wellington and John Bartlett left Deal for Adelaide 19ih Julv. The Himalaya and Navarino, for Adelaide, left 22nd July, The Rattler and Colonist for Hobart Town, and Waterloo for Port Phillip and Sydney left Deal 26th Juiy. The Enterprise for Port Phillip, sailed 20th Juiy and the Nelson on the 21st. The Thames left for Auckland 19th July. The Jane, from Adelaide, entered inwards at London 26th July. The Fancy for Port Phillip, Ade laide for Hobart Town, and Catherine Jamieson for Sydnev, entered outwards 26th July, on which day the Petrel cleared out at Liverpool for Sydney. The Glen Huntley, 650 tons, Bar, and Asiatic, 700 tons, Waddell, were advertised for Adelaide and Port Phillip; the former to leave Plymouth 11th, a id the latter 25th August , , 