LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Slates, Europe Rope, Deals, Flooring Hoards.— Mr. "William IJasey, will THIS DAY, bring- ta the liamm-r. some nrime lots of the above. Particulars which, will be found in our advertising columns. Sheep and Stations.— By our advertising columns it will be obserred that Mr. Dalmahny Campbell will sell hv pub lic auction, TIIIS DAY, 2 lots of shot-p, with right to first-rate stations in the Gipps Land and Murray Districts. We would advise those desirous of invading it; this description of properly, not to io.t sight of so favorable an opportunity. Annual Sale of Mr. Yuille's Rams at Keilor. — Flockmastors de sirous of improving their breed of she.-p. should not oinit the opportunity which will THIS DAY be presented to them of becqmin.g.the possessors of some of the 'finest ranis in the colony. Mr. J. B. Kitk having been instructed by Mr. Yuilie to bring to tlie hammer at Keilor two hundred and fifty young rams, twelve months old, in full fleece and which it is only necessary to state are the produce of a picked lot of ewes of Mr. Aitkin's breed, got by firs'.- flnss rams from the Australian Uumnnnv. Port Stephens, to stamp as being tlie pritnest in the colony. The inclemency of the weather may perhaps prevent reany from attending, but as n (irst-iute cham pagne lunch will await them at the termi nation of their journey, we recommend all desirous of improving their flocks lo mount their nags and hie to Keilor without delay. Spouting. — By the Adelaide papers we perceive that " Lucifer," (who ran second for the Port Phillip Stakes last year purchased here a few months ago and forwarded to Adelaide.hns been " astonishing tlie na tives,'' carrying everything before him, heat ing "Gift," "Minna," and other crack horses, and carrying oif the Town Plate. A Well Merited Tribute. — A very recent number of this journal contained an oceuont of tlie capture by the Detectives Ashley and C'nrlwright, of n fellow named Mucdonuld, who has long been a post to the community, but as from tlie evidence against him there can be little doubt he will at the ensuing Criminal Sessions be found guilty of highway robberry, under arms, there is every probability of our being rid of the gentleman's presence, His Honor tho resident judge, making a point of v siting such offences with severity, and the sentence which will bo passed upon tho delinquent will probably bo flvo years hard labour on tlie roads of the colony. "With in the Inst three weeks this is tho second party wlioiu the Detectives have succeeded iu bringing to justioo for highway robbery ; Bowden convicted at the last sessions of a highway robbery committed between Mel bourne and Flemington, liuving nlso been arrested by them. This, coupled with tlie notorious fact, that but for tile exertions of the Detectives, the majority of ciime com mitted in and about Melbourne would have gone undetected, richly entitles tho mem bers of tliut small but efficient force to fa vorable consideration, and as the subscrip tion lately set on foot on their behalf proved a failure, His Honor the Superintendent would lie studying tho interests of lite city by presenting these deserving men with some acknowledgement for their past and Iciliuient stirvkys hum lite fund placed at hit disposal for that purpose, The Living Asses and tub Dead i jon. — George Hudson nraixo ins " Rtsn and Fall." — By George, Hudson, however much below par. is still tlie man for a London correspondent's money nnv- how, and will carry a column just as readily ns when lie was the first of chairmen instead of beitig the lowest of footstools. Once upon a time and n very bad time it win, George used to swagger up the floor of the Commons ns if lie were u sort of Parlia mentary Cerberus — Ministry, Opposition, and Neutrals rolled into one — reminding you of tlie story Lover tells of the " exten sive gentleman," who, when progressing down Pali Mull, was asked by a passer-by lo whom such a bouse, pointing to his right, belonged? and then such a house, pointing to his left; neither of which ques tions could the interrogated one answer, out snta ny uo you nsx r -wen, faith, then it's tlie whole street 1 was think ing may be ye were the owner of, from tlie way ye 've got with you," was the reply. It was George's custom of an afternoon to hustle up to the second row behind the Opposition, and keep calling nut quite loud, "Grntiby," " Brnckley," " Bontinck" (Lord Henry, of late), " Burgliley," " Chandos," "Hamilton" (Lord Claude), " Hnthora." "Lennox," " Mandeville," " Seaham," " Worcester," or anybody else with a han dle to their names, who happened to be within hailing distance ; and these Corin thian oaks, obsequious to tho moneyed mush room, were wont to nod their patrician and Plantagenet top, and respond with nn approving and deferential chuckle, much to the envy and admiration of all tlie stir rounding world of senatorial snobbery, and to the perplexity of Mr. Speaker, who called " Order" with much less than his customary effect whenever tlie Iron Hex w as railing, YY'ell every dog lias liisday, six months George's little how-wow was ns good as " the loftiest war note tho iion could pour and now every, " turn-spit, mongrel, whelp of low degree" feels privileged to bark de risive at the tin kettle obiigato tlie unfor- tunate animal performs whenever he carries his tail behind him, curtailed as is his cnu- dal elongation to most disproportioned proportions. On this night he sneaked in, a truly sad dog, consci <us that every puppy, spiuiel, and lurcher of his former kennel, bad become a setter and pointer, with himself for their game, and foul game the poor hounds made of him. As he en tered the lobby, the policemen seemed as if they bad suddenly sniffed the ghost of l.undyfoot, for their noses respectively be came curled up at an angle of 43, like men on the precipice of a sneeze, after a thump ing pinch of high toast. On coming into the House ail his once familiars, who were crowded about tlie gangway , appeared to lie either profoundly intereiied iu Dr. K -id's pinn of lighting the apartments from above, or to he absorbed in contemplation of the mechanism of their watches, or eLe afflicted with an awful cold in the head, req tiring the immediate application of pocket bund- kerchiefs, some on the c intrary began to gaze intently on their boot tops, white others looked bang through the iliuquo of the sharemarket, us if they were playing Macbeth, and couldn't see a spectre — weighing 17 stone, for all that, spiritual as he wns. George however twigged them fast enough, and on that twig be hopped into the extreme back bench, iu a line with the Sergeant-nt-Arm. Lord Charles Russell, who gently turned him-elf round in his porter's chair, and fixed his ey.s on the mace oil tho table, plunging no'douht into the regular historical reverie as to Hampden in the field, Sydney on the scaffold, and the rest of the family tradi tional business, especially the pensions. No shaking hands all round, like Jack-in- the-Green on a May morning — no horse laugh — nothing to recall the gross, rude, vulgar autocrat of the sharemarket no. There ke sat alone, avoi led; his it it pulled down over ilis fa.-e ; bis face resting >m his hands; his hands on bis stick; his stick on the edge of the bench before him — preciri- ous a foundation ns the biuut bubble that had bolstered him up all this while back, and which the stroke of a straw would ai anytime have prostrated. Talk of B ijazet in liis cage, Marius amidst the ruin of Carthage, Napoleon on the rook of St. Helena, and Louis Philippe in n peu-j.icket, and culling himself Bill S nith ! Wliv how poorly do nil these point a moral, and haw slenderly do they udoru a tail, compared lo this Great Snob becoming the Great Snub bed, Juques poetising on the stricken deer in the forest of Ardennes was tame mid prosaic compared to woat is suggested bv the sight of the monarch of nil stages thus driven to buy, so that every bind who fawned on liiui before can n w take heart to gore hi in u Iu Roebuck. It was Hudson's first appearance saice the N-weastle and Berwi k blow-up. How tlie Tory whipper in, Bereslurd and Mackenzie, lured him down from tlie now deserted halls of Albert Gate, it is difficult to surmise; but the exploit is creditable to their powers of persuasiveness, und is one of which the renowned Billy Holmes him- UMUV A JU Jiiutiw ill Hit; nuj UU UJ JJ1S Parliamentary nigger-driving. In ail like lihood we shall soon huve George applying for the G'hiliern Hundreds, which every one will wisli were Thousands for his sake, if hu would take them any the sooner on that account. Unlike oilier remarkable M. P 's with equivocal reputations for ultra sharp practice, there is nothing whatever iu tlie man to save him from derision as well as contempt. Nobody dreams of sneer ing at Mr. Benjamin D'lsrueli, unless it be in their sleeve. Whittle Harvey would have been rather an awkward customer to have cracked a joke noon. Sudbury Wiiks was one of the Huusnn Stamp us to his care in looking after Number One, but he would cut a man in two that should venture to say a disparaging word of him, and lie once cut an Alderman in three who assailed him, and tlmt worshipful individual no less a person than Wuiihtnan, whose monumeni, almost as wooden looking as the original, now graces the crossing at the bottom of Fleet-3treet, opposite, strange to say, to the obelisk to Wilkes— not Wiiks of Sudbury, but the famous John of the North Briton. Five- and-tiventy years ago, Wiiks was the Hudson of his day, and these were indeed the days of Hudsoniau Utopianism the days of universal oompany conjuration Tor doing everything and everybody in tho world, and that ended by doing tho doers thom<olvua, of whom Wiiks was the very liveliest bird, the dodo of the whole flock. One of tho most fascinating of tho schemes then afloat was tho Pearl and C'oral Fisheries Associatiju, for procuring those commodities not very far front tlie principal depot of the Culiforninn gold wash ings ut tho present moment. The jewellers of London were deep in tlie busi ness, und Wiiks was deep in the jewellers. The shares came out at a large premium, with tlie certainty of going much higher. Wiiks indirectly hut loo effectually incites the bears of tlie Stock Exchange to sell in finitely more scrip than was issued, lie and a few more managers of tlie company liuving possession of every scrip in the market, with power in their own hunds to manufacture us much more us they liked. .Settling day came, and titer e wus no scrip for delivery. The broker were oaught lit tho trap they had sot for the gullible public. Buyers would have the scrip, end scrip the brokers had none lo give, and to them ruin would have been tlie consequence ot non- complelion of the bargain. I't this emer gency the unsophisticated and benevolent member for Sudbury hade tiiem lie of good oheer j there whs plenty of scrip t" be had — ns much ns they plensed, subject t0 the trilling preliminary of paving bis price for it ! Tlmt price tliev bod lo pay, and bitterly they paid him off afterwards for ex acting it, for they told tlie story with all sorts of exaggerations, though tlie-trulli was bad enough. Shortly after came the panic, and Wiiks was proclaimed the blackest of nil blnck sheep in the City. He was uni- versalfy cut in tlie ll.mse, but the valorous Alderman already named, then in the zenith of his civic glory ns the Gracchus of Cook- ItlltAV IIUUU3 LUV Ut Ullll, llllU realised the old proverb ns to the danger of meddling witli edged tools, for a keener blade or n deeper file than Wiiks wns not in Parliament nl the time, nor hns entered it since, lie being a perfect master of that species of sutiro which the French oail ba dinage, and we call banter. He put a whole string of hypothetical cases about the worthy' Alderman (a mercer on Ludgato Hill, next dour to tho present Alderman Sydney, M.P.,) receiving stolen goods, and selling'tliem by short measure at extrava gant prices ; covored the Mansion House Solomon with excruciating confusion, and won the vehement applause of the whole House, whose opinion, however, wns not iu the least degree weakened that they had listened to n scamp only one degree less rascally than he was clever nnd amusing. At that lime some of the charges against iiim were ponding before the House of Lord", and of course he made much of the fact that lie was thereby precluded from al luding to them. But Brougham, who was his oounsel in tlie case, had no such scruples ; and accordingly be came out in the Commons for his client, ids eulogy of whose talents everybody ad- mitied, but the defence of wnose morality was put down to that elasticity of conscience which permits on ndvocnte to plump out o thundering lie, or ten thousand of them if ho lias a mind, without subjecting .his indi vidual private veracity to tlie slightest impu tation. While on the subject of Wiiks, we may perhaps as well add that lie afterwards went to the dogs, and from tiiat to Paris, where, under a feigned name, he became coirespondent of tlie Times, and a first-rate one lie made. Thence he cainc over here, also under a feigned name, to start another bubble company, n few years back, nnd died somewhere out at Islington. His fa ther, whom he held up to public odium, thinking to obtain n lucrative city office be held, sat for Salisbury after his son's depar ture from this country, nnd is now alive in extreme old age in Fiusbury. Now Hudson hns nothing of tho intellectuality or p >wers of self- defence of Wilkes about iiim. Every body may jibe and jeer him with impunity, and of course every one will, particularly Uiosj magnanimous individuals who sub scribed to his testimonial for gelling rich, in hopes that he would impart to them a wrinkle of the sntne auriferous sagacity. The report upon his doings on the Eastern Counties is ten times more criminatory, if that lie possible, than tlie Newcastle "and Berwick affair : and incriminates many others iu n species of wholesale dodgery, of which tlie all-accomplished Ikey Sol i- moii! would have been proud to have con cocted before he went to Baluny Buv. As for Joseph Adv, such a complicated piece of diddling never entered iu tlie most daring impulses of bis philanthropic dreams of " soiuetutng to your auvautuge. ' — London Correspondent, The City Council.— There will bo no meeting of the City Council this week, there being no business of importance to dispose of. Important Prockkdings under the Co it I'd rati on Act. — Yesterday morning numerous parties who had been summoned to answer informations which had been laid against them for omitting to have their names painted upon their vehicles were in attendance at the police court, and upon the first of tho batch which was against Mr. Frederick Liardel being culled on. Mr. Francis Stephen slated the defendant liuv ing informed him that tlie board hear ing liis none, lind accidentally been knocked off, in coining to town, tlie town inspector hod consented to withdraw the information, upon payment of costs. This course was assented I", 'he Mayor remark ing that this being the first time informa tions of this nature, hud been filed lie was disuosed to pursue a similar course with re gard to tlie whole of tlie cases, he wished it however, lo be understood that in future such cases would lie prosecuted with rigour and the noting Chief Constable would do well to direct the attention of the consta bulary generally to the 1 02nd section of the "Corporation Act which is as follows. " And be it ennct.'d, That it shall bo lawful for nnv officer ot tlie sum Council or for any other person or persons to seize and detain any person or persons wlin shall commit any offence or offences against this act or against any bye-law made tu pursuance thereof, and to convey Iiim, her or them before any one or more Jusiicu or Justices of the Peace, having jurisdiciion within tlie said town without any other warrant or au thority than this act for so doing ; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby re spectively empowered and directed to pro ceed immediately to tlie conviction or no- qiiiltul of such offender or offenders.'' The informations against M'Coy, Beitb, and Mehon, were then withdrawn, upon the I arties paying sixteen shillings and six pence costs each. "Whatever opinion may prevail as to .the propriety of compelling the owners of private vehicles to have their names upon such vehicles, wo utterly deny that at present there is any power vested in tho magis tracy to compel this course or to inflict a a pennlty for such course not being adopted. Anti-Convict Meeting.— A meeting for this purpose has been held at Belfast, it was numerously and respectably attended; the speakers were Messrs. Chamberlain, llutledge, Osborne, and Irvlno, A petition repudiating felon Immigration on any soore has been forwarded to the throne, Our Pathiinai, Government. — We have uirendy furnished in the columns of this journal, evidences of the disgraceful ig- notatice prevailing amongst all home classes udou the mere geographical position of the Australian, The instances of this want cf knowlego amongst the members of tho Le gislature of England, have been " rich'' though not ' rare". We find the following item in the remarks of Gibbon Wakefield (in course of publication in our baok page) upon colonization. Describing the diffi culty of attracting nttention to the subject of colonization, lie writes — " AVo got tho South Australian Bill into the House of Lords— a Prinoe of the Blood, asked ' where is South Australia 9 and the Lord Chan cellor renowned fur the surpassing extent and variety of his knowledge, answered ' somewhere near Botany Bay1' 1 1UE CANADA E.MKUTE. — In consequence of the recent outbreak in Canada, where Representative Government is enjoyed, Mr. Lowe lias withdrawn his motion in fnv'orof Responsible Government, for tlie present. We fully agree with the prudence of iiis re- solve — not tlial we .see nnj tiling derngati ry to liis resolutions in the e'meute (usitmigin have happened with equal nnd perhiips greater facility under any other form of Government), but because it might, in til tho sequel is known, give a shew of argu ment against him. Disoracf.ful Exhibition. — Cruelty to Animals.— On Saturday last another of those exhibitions which are of so frequent occurrence in Melbourne, and which nre in dicative of a brutality of disposition disgraceful to human nature, took place in Lonsdnle-stroet, in the vicinity of the x\umau (jninoito Uliurch. A miserable, Inlf-sturved, jaded bullock, having dropped under a heavy load of wood which it had probably dragged for many a mile, was sub jected to the operation of tlie bullook-whip by about a dozen fellows iu succession, but their united exertions failing to achiovo the desired object, tlie poor brute's Inil wns nearly twisted off by one fellow, who also seized the end firmly in hisleoth, whilst the animal's nostrils were plugged till the blood ran freely. All this brutality failed to bring tho beast upon its legs, and n freslt de scription of loriuro wns about being adopted when we turned from tlie disgusting sight. Not long since the Mayor stated from the Bench that it was n mistaken idea to sup- poso that Murtin's Act for the prevention of cruelty to animals was not fully in force in this province, nt the same time express, ing his determination to give it full effect should nnv cases coming within its province be brought under his notice. This an nouncement we were in hopes would have had the effect of putting n stop to suoh ex hibitions as we have alluded to, the tolera tion of which is a disgrace to a Christian community. Where ore the police when suoh barbarities are beine enacted ? Thf. Cattle Yards. — Several com plaints have retched us from tho ' Knights of the cleaver,1' of the deplorable condition of the cattle yards which after every showei nre represented ns being more limn knee deep in filth. Surely, when the very hand some revenue derived from this source is considered, tlie Corporation upon the mat ter being properly represented to them, will deem it their duty to make such improve ments in this quarter as tnny bo found ne cessary. We were not a little astonished to hear of tlie deplorable condition of the yards, labouring as we did under the im pression that nt the time the new yards were erected the surface wn« covered Willi a species of asphaite, warranted to last " for ever and a day.'' The Goat Nuisance. — Eighty-seven goats will be brought to the hammer ot the Melbourne pound, to-morrow morning, they liuving been found peramuluting tlie public thoroughfares, endangering the public safety, and doing no little damage to the gardens in, and in the vicinity of town. If the authorities huve a rrnily sincere desire lo do away with llio nuisance arising from I be multiplicity of the goat species, why i.ot nt once put an end to the brutes by boiling them down, bv which process, they would ill all prubabilitr, pro duce a much belter pecuniary rcult than by- being sold alive, to say no'bing of the absolute cerln: ity by the 'adoption of the latter course o. the nuisance again existing in nil its glotv within twenty-four hours of tho petiod -it which the animals obtain their release from captivity. We are aware i' is a matter of impossibility to asceitain who are the actual owners of the obnoxious animals, who, subject themselves lo in- lunn moos oi nig lam against tnem tor allowing tlie auini-ils to stray in tlie public streets — and these parties are too wide uwiike to make themselves- known, being perfectly uwuro of the penalties which they have incurred, nnd of tho fact that they will speedily be afforded an oppor tunity of purchasing for a lew pence their cuptured nannies. The authorities being well aware of these circumstances, and that the evil is really a great and incieusing one, should tako steps to counteract that evil as mucli as possible — the so termed remedy at present adopted is downright child's play, nor will any effectual cure be found, other than that which we have sug gested, and the sooner the work of exter mination is commenced the better Caution to Equestrians. — An infor mation was exhibited yesterdy by the act ing chief constable against 11 J. Chambers, Esq., solicitor, for n breueli of the Towns' Police Act, by riding on tlie footpath. Mr. Francis Stephen, upon the information being rend, said that lie hail been instructed by Mr. Chambers to let judgment go, but lie thought it right lo remark that the offence bad taken place iu Bourku-btreet, near to its junction with Queen.street, a locality in which the roadway after every shower was reduced to nil utterly impass able condition. Tho Mayor admitted that sucti was tito case, yet intlictou tho highest penally of forty shillings, und sixteen shil lings und sixpence costs. Really tliiu is monstrous, a single glance at tho locality at which the offence was alleged to have been committed, nnd which indeed wjs not disputed, will suffice to convince any one tbnt no man could have much respect for his own ucck or for his horse's who would plunge into tho bog referred to, yet tho highest penalty is inflicted for what resolves itself after all into nn net rendered prudent if not absolutely essential for tliu preservation of human life ; bad the de fendant wantonly galloped along the path way in Collins street from one end to the other no higher penalty could have been indicted, Here the law is made a nuisance instead of a protection. Rather IIard. — Yesterday morning an information wns exhibited before the Mayor against a labouring man named Tho mas Dumird, for a breach of tho Town's Police Act in removing sand from a car riage way on the 13th instant. Tlie evi dence went fully to Btiew that the defend ant made uo hole and that ho had merely removed a barrow load of drifted sand, when he was infurwod by tho constable at whoso Instigation tlto information was laid that he was acting improperly, and imnie- diately desisted. Notwithstanding these mitigatory circumstuncos the defendant was fined twenty shillings and six shillings an I six-pence costs. Tim poor man with tears in iiis eyes declared his utter inability to nay the amount, and was informed that un less it were forthcoming within seven days , he would be sent to gaol for a month. AVo confess ourselves utterly unable to under stand the principle pursued in the infliciloir of these lines ; in many instances of on exceedingly aggravated nature, the lowest penalty only is indicted, und in others again ffhere no nctuul damage has been done, and where the unfortunate defendant lias sinned or been upon the point of sinning, solely from ignorance of the local regulations, tlie law in its full rigour is not unfrequcully put in foroe, though it is frequently pretty cloar that the ruin of an honest Industrious member of society is oompssied by its eiiforo«m«nt< been guilty of gross indpe»,,„,. T llnv'ng | streets, fa. fended H" | me,rul>' ur«'"K in extenuation that g ' | a stranger and ignorant of thn I,! i w"8 J.10"9' II" "a, sentenced t live pounds, which being unable m f . he wu, sent to gaol fer ono month "'a,6,1- are aware that so fur as the It? - corned tho mni'istrnfns 1 18 C0Q to herd "or aZwh' 'mm'/th" wiRe "la'' abandoned characters tn h. (V, . . 01081 community, and corroVt m in Mil., for L, i'S ,,'r "'" policy, goou dJ'wrinsT itiVK t c»reapon. and still rising ; the shearing and'wsB|1' cannot commence until it lowers i F0, ! 'nS MaLtefel"ea;'ingU.nSU,nUU,' 