LOCAL NEWS. FUNERAL OF THE REV. WILLIAM LONGBOTTOM. —This melancholy ceremony was performed on Tuesday. The funeral procession pro- ceeded from the house of the deceased, at Hackney, to the scene of his former labours, the Wesleyan chapel in Gawler-place, where a large number of friends and clergymen, of nearly all denominations, assembled. They were addressed in a brief, but impressive dis- course from Job xiv. 10-" But man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the ghost and where is he?"—delivered with much feel- ing by the Rev. Charles Hall, Independent minister of Glenelg, an old and beloved friend of the deceased. The procession, comprising numerous mourning coaches and other vehicles, then passed along Hindley-street to the ceme- tery, and the remainder of the funeral service was performed at the grave by the Rev. D. J. Draper. The deep and serious attention paid by all to the solemn proceedings of the day, manifested the sincere respect with which the amiable and Christian character of the de- ceased minister was regarded. MESSRS. WALLACE & ELLARD'S CONCERT. The state of the weather on Wednesday in duced these gentlemen to postpone their third Concert till Monday next, when it is hoped the skies may be more propitious. Wet or dry there would no doubt have been a full attend ance, but we believe it was an understanding with subscribers that their convenience should be thus consulted, when there was reason to anticipate a very rough evening. LAND GRANTS.—Mr Smith's petition to be heard by counsel at the bar will be taken into consideration by the Legislative Council to day. His object is to obtain a resolution de claring the opinion of that assembly that a con tract solemnly entered into should be held in violable, even though its performance be at tended with inconvenience. This inconvenience can affect only the colonists who are unani mous in their wish to meet all engagements honourably. The refusal is on the part of the British Government, who have little concern in the matter, and on the suggestion of Gover nor Grey, never had any. Mr Fisher is re tained on the petitioners' behalf. MARINE ASSURANCE COMPANY.-The shares in this institution are now taken, and it awaits only the completion of the deed for its for mation. Its establishment will be of material advantage to the trade and commerce of Ade laide, where it has hitherto involved much trouble and delay to effect an assurance. The principle also of doing our own business is good, and forms another among the many fea tures of a progressing city. CORONERS INQUESTS.-On Wednesday an inquest was held on the body of Hugh-Collins, Leigh Street, who died of consumption, ne- glected till it was too late, the day before. Also on that of John Gwynne, who died at the Club House from a disease of the heart. The verdict in each case was " died by the visitation of God." FRESH WATER AT THE PORT.-We alluded lately to the bad state of the water at the Port. It is becoming worse and worse, having living creatures in it of the kind bred among putrid flesh, when raised from the well. Seve ral cases of sickness and cutaneous eruption have recently been observed, and are referred to this cause. Some of the inhabitants are carefully saving rain water for household use. ACCIDENT.-On Tuesday last a young man named Harris was returning with a cart to the door of his employer, Mr Rankine, Hindley Street, when the back band breaking, he was thrown under the horse's feet. Be was in stantly taken into the shop, and Dr. Baroh, who was fortunately passing, tendered him every assistance. The fall had stunned him, and his fingers were dreadfully torn. We un derstand the injuries are not likely to prove serious. LICENSING MEETING.-The quarterly licensing meeting will be held on Monday, the 10th September. The Government Gazette was not issued yes terday. We are tired of complaining of this irregularity. SMELTING IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA.-It affords us unfeigned pleasure to hear of the success already attending the progress of colonial en terprise in this most important department. We shall very soon have some ten tons of first rate copper, ranging from seven to eight hundred pounds in value, weekly for sale in Adelaide, or nearly £40,000 a year. A ready market is found in China, India, and the east generally at present receiving bullion only from us in exchange for tea, silks, &c.;, which will take vast cargoes of copper instead. No thing, since the discovery of the mines, has equalled, in commercial value and importance, the present undertaking. While we cry " God speed the Plough !" we may add, "and give success to the smelters." LITERARY REVIEW.- The Adelaide Mis cellany.-The last part of this publication has been forwarded to us, and we sincerely regret that the public have not appreciated or en couraged the work as it deserved. It has been conducted with considerable ability, and not nearly paid its expenses; nevertheless the pledge originally given, to keep it up for twelve months has been manfully fulfilled. It is a bitter in the cup of which authors are doomed to drink that their toil is often thrown away. Many a great poet and writer is worshipped after death who has been left by an ungrateful public to " To waste his sweetness on the desert air"' during his lifetime. To one Scott, or Dickens, or Campbell, who have reaped the reward of their great talents, while in health and energy -how many A soul sublime- " Has felt the influence of malignant **f*i~ " And waged with fortune an eternal ???? " and yielding to the pressure of want and misery, has at last " Dropped into the grave, unpitied and unknown." We must be just however to our colonial friends and remember that to support a purely literary periodical requires that a very considerable ???? of a limited community be free from the anxieties of business pursuits. This is not yet the case here. To read the newspapers and necessary correspondence is pretty ???? work for the hardworking denizens of a new ??????. In our old age we shall do better probably. but at all events our children, we hope, will not suffer a stigma to be cast on the good sound literary teste of South Australia, by re fusing to support many a creditable aerial ; then the colony will comprise a stalwart nation and we doubt not a proud one. We append the farewell address of the Editor. THE BDITOE'S FAREWELL. We sat down to write a long chapter under the above heading, intending to indite very severe and pointed remarks against all and sundry, of our fel low colonists, for the neglect with which our self imposed labours have been treated. Upon reflection, however, we feel disposed to let the occasion pass by without allowing our usual equanimity to be disturbed. We must be philoso phical-we cannot recall tbe past-and we have serious doubts whether anything we may now write will influence the public taste for the future, es pecially considering our want of success during the year's labours now brought to a close. We stated m the Address issned at the commencement of this work, that the proprietor had most generously de termined to give rt a fair trial - to continue it, at whatever expense, for one year at least, that it might be ascertained whether the boasted intelli gence and' superior education of the " South Aus tralians" would support one literary publication attempted upon a popular basis, and embodying, with «he talent pf the colony, sélections from the best and most esteemed authors of other countries. In what manner that promise has been fulfilled, it is not for us, perhaps, to decide: we point, however, to tiie pages of the volumes terminated, with great pleasure and satisfaction to ourselves; f they have failed to give pleasure and satis faction to those whose support we had hoped to secure, the loss is theirs, not ours. They may continue their grasping, avaricious, money-seeking course- f ft they. gjtàï&Xthey; seek, they will but gaû\ a fleeting-sb^ no mental enjoyment, ano pferhapsbut little comfort, in the re flection of the struggles'and Sacrifices made for its attainment. TSepromise we made on behalf of the gentle man wno so liberally offered to attempt tb establish this periodical has "been most faithfully redeemed ; and we regret that his pecuniary sacrifice has been so great- upwards of £*00-an amount of money which he may .not regret the losing, except sp far as he feels it ought to nave stimulated efforts in other quarters in favour,of an object which cannot but be considered for the public good. Many friends win regret the close of labours so agreeable to ns and to them ; to those who have so cheerfully rendered us assistance during the prose cution of the work, we tender our best thanks ; they have áided us in producing a couple of volumes which, for original and selected composition, and for typographical correctness and beauty, will do no discredit to a colony at a distance of 16,000 miles from oar native land, founded and peopled only with in the short period of fourteen years-THE COLONY OF Sonya AUSTRALIA. As'£every thing relating to California, or those who are proceeding thither, must be in teresting to our readers, we readily avail our selves of permission to publish the following letter of an adventurous colonist proceeding hence to the Land of Gold in the Sophia Mar garet, which put in at Tahiti en route. The letter is addressed to Mr. Alexander Camming, of Hindley-street : Tahiti, Son th Pacific, 30th April, 1849, Dear Alexander-We have looked in here for water and fresh provisions, and to make a few re pairs, so I take the epportunity of writing to you to report progress We had very fine weather until we cleared New Zealand, bat shortly after that we met with heavy gales from the south west, which carried, away one jib boom, fore fop-gallant mast, aad stern boat. We reached this place a week ago, and were . much pleased with the first sight of the island, lt . is a confused heap of hills «ad mountains piled one above another to the height of ten thousand feet with a narrow-strip of flat cultivable land, between the hills and the coast, running round the island. Cocoa-nuts, plantains, pine-apples, oranges, lemons, citrons, guayas, and bread-fnjit^grow "} gr68* »buir Ç:&uc;ë; and'in îuV "way^of^^égeSnVlèg; th^re" are plenty of yams and sweet potatoes. So you may fancy we have lived in clover, after so longa spell of salt-junk. The natives are copper-coloured, tall, strong'men, and of a very cheerful, obliging dtspo < sition. Population, about eight thousand souls. The .- island is now ia possession or the Preach, who have a thousand soldiers, here and on the neighbouring island of Eimeo, and they appear resolved to retain possession of the place, as they are strengthening the fortification of the harbour at this place, called Pa peiti, and removing hither all their troops and set tlers from the Marquesas. I suppose that you are aware that English Mis sionaries have been labouring here for the last fifty years. All the natives are professing Christians, and there are churches in all the villages round the island. The accounts from California, at this place, are very similar to what we heard at Adelaide, only it appears that the Governor, when at Panama, on his way to St. Francisco, had published a manifesto de claring that all gold and -silver bein» the property of the Government, no one would be allowed to work in the mines without the permission of the autho rities, so that some fears were entertained that a . check would be put upon gold gathering for the present. Bat the latest accounts agrée' in stating that the prices of goods were enormous, and wages for all kinds of labour very high. People were flocking in from all points "in such numbers that boarding in San Francisco was fifty to one hundred dollars per week. Believe me, your's sincerely, T. ft. GBIMES. -Remitter. . 