A TfBW POKM OY PRAYEIl NOT PEEPAEED BY THE ARCHBISHOP OF C.-VNTEHUUHr. The following ' Form of Prayer to Almighty Go', Mi^yested to be now oflercd up by every Kug'i-hman, not more paiticula.ly in any churches ? r chapels throughout the land, than in the solitude nf his o.in chamber and in the family circle/' hns MOt'll published IU the English papers. It ofl'ers !t Srfiutiry admonition to our ruicrs, from which they miiin Ur«ely profit; — ' O Ciod, whoso never* ail ng PmvidtMice ordeieth all things both in i lea- ven .Hid earth, and who in thy blessings and mercy c .ntin-:est lo pour donn 'races ami goodness oil :lu ihtllren, ricMve otir humble thanks for all tho'i h-ist do: e tor us, unworthy receivers of thy b.M.n v. O Lord, lurn not away thy face Irom us now tint we need thy divi-ie nid mure and more. E/ilii/htfii our llnlcrs, we beseech thee, on the pre sent stale of this our country. Grant that they ni-iy n.'t tuui a deal' ear to the demands ol thy people, which, for the sake of our faith iu thy holy doi'tnsies of peace and meekness, are arked of 'hem in a peaceable though earnest manner. G -nnt that all of us mho have abundance, mat/ rlwei full// come lor ward and resit/n a part of the power toe may have ej'clunicel-f cnjuyed. Grant, O Lml. that Me. more oppressed aud poorer class of ihv children may continue to act with patience and resign ilion ; and, above all, help them by lhy ilivim; assistance to obtain the redress of their just grievances. Grants O Lord, wisdom and foresight to our Rulers, that their eyes being opened they uny eous.nt to introduce those modifications in our human laws which are suitable to our times. Avert, O Lord, in this our country, through the timely concession of our Rulers, any convulsions which would beau infringement ol thy divine laws through the excess of our pride, or the desper ation of our witiHs. That by avo ding which, we m iy the bettor fulli! our Christian obligations and live in thy faith ami tear, setting our alle. turns on tboie things which nuke for peace, that at ihe u-t wo iiiriy come to thy heavenly kingdom, through Jesus Christ o ir Lord, to whom with The-*, and the Holy Ghost, bo honour and glory, wojU without end. Amen.' 