THE "LADY DENNISON" AND « DORSET " FROM HOBARTON. By these vessels, both from Hobarton on the same day, we have Van Diemen's Land news to the 22nd ultimo, but our papers are only up to the 20th. The Lady Dentition brought three passengers and a - general cargo. An account of the Dorset's passengers and cargo will be found in our • j nsual postscript. The only piece of news in the papers is a proposed meeting'on the New Con stitution Bill. This was to take place on , Thursday, the 22nd ult, the day these vessels left. The Hobarton Advertiser, the Government organ, was opposed to it, and had -thrown out some severe remarks on Mr Jackson, the Van Diemen's Land agent, with whom the getters up of the meeting were about to put themselves in ^^communication. These had drawn ffom the Colonial Times of the 20th ult, the following specimen of what, we suppose, it would be no sin to call editorial rant:— If there were any bounds in nature to the criminal and lying perversity of a hireling, they would have long ago been discovered by the Ad . -*» vertiser ; but his artiole this morning aimed at the vital interests of this colony, through an at tack on our Representative, must restore to their senses any that have fallen into that error. It " has not yet reached the point of degradation to which men will go who hold their opinions and provender at the will of a corrupt Government, and a host of official locusts. It is not Mr ' Jackson, however, who has provoked all this ire; it is partly meant, no doubt, for that audacious Secretary, Lord Grey, who has not only doubted the Doubts' Bill, '* but condemned it, smashed { it, and will utterly smash, pound, and scatter to the four winds of Heaven all Mr Fleming's law, the cases of Mr Smith, and the entire legal credit of Mr Horne. And not only smash their law, their lore, and their locus standi, but ■- . smash them utterly and for evermore. Like hearty criminals going to execution they now turn round and insult the Judges, smash the court windows, threaten the witnesses with their ghosts, take lunars at the people, interrupt the exhortations "to make a clone breast of it," with all manner of heresies and blasphemies, and finally cheat the hangman by kicking off their "•»* tiroes among the crowd. The *' Doubts Bill" was a bold, bad Bill and those who defend it are bold, bad men. They are not entitled to the rites of political burial, which coyer the inadvertent delinquencies of honest men; but to he strung upon everlasting wires, that their bones may rattle, and their j aws grin, to terrify all cringing lawyers and despotic Governors, world without end. How far this mean and miserable attempt of » the Advertiser to injure the public meeting at the lastheur will succeed, he will well enough un derstand in time for his dreams on Thursday night! Apart from this rant, however, it does ^ seem absurd for the Government organ to oppose a movement, which Earl Grey, by means of his despatches, has been desirous of forwarding. Whether we are to have -. any such meeting in Adelaide, remains \- - yet to be seen. If so, the sooner the better. The markets in another cdlumn. 