GEXEHAL MIMELLAXY. In youth women are our mistresses, in npet years oar companions, in old age oar nones, and in all ages onr friends. The Judge of the Plymouth County Court has decided that a sailor, while at Sea, who. allows his wife half-pay at home, is not responsible for her debts. A sweep, of Avon-street, Bath, named Baker, about three months ago found a gentleman's large gold ring, and immediately gave information of it at the police station, outside which a notice was then placed announcing that it would be given up to the owner if properly described. No person claimed' it, and it nas ever since been in Btket'a possesion, but it is such n harden to him that he has now issued printed band- bills for the purpose of calling attention to the matter. A morning contemporary informs its public, concerning the civic fanctionaries on Lard Mayor's Dav, that whatever other offices they dis charge by deputy, "eat thev must in propriia frr aonibus." This amplified ablative is, we suppose, intended to adumbrate the aldermanie bsik. An astrologer having predicted his death to the very hoar, but having lived op to the very time in good health, hnng himself for tins hososr of his profession. A fellow named Terence M'Mamts, bar ing been ^rested for sheep stealing1, wrote the fol lowing to a friend:—"As we wished to have mm antton with oar turnips for sapper, we vent to Squire Carroll, who had more sheep (ban his nay hors. They were very wild, and the pasture very large, and we were ebliged to take a ne# way to entice them by force to come near us, and as this may be of some service for you to no, I think H my dooty to tell yon of it. Pat Dongan and me rapped ourselves up iq hay, and as the sheep came ronad to ate it, we. eat tifeir throats; hat s iamb being made, five hind quarters belonging to two ef 'on was foa&d; in my c&bbin.;" A celebrated writer, speaking of a lady's black eyes, says, " They were in moorning for A# murders she had committed." " What have yon got to say, old Bacon face?" said a counsellor to a Whiltshire former, whom he had under examination. "Wby," answered the farmer, "lam thinking my bacon face sad yonr calf a head would make a very good dish." The Italian population in Lombardy and Venice, in South Tyrol, end on the coasts ef JDlysin and Dalmatia, amounts to 5,183,000. The Wallachians, 2,156.000 in nnmber. form chiefiy the population of Transylvania, end of the eustern frontiers of Hungary Proper. The seat of the Magyars, amounting to 4,800,000, is the 'plains of middle Hangary; hot they ere everywhere intersected by Sclavoniaae and Germane; part of Transylvania is also inhabited by them and by the Sseklers. The number of gipsies m Austria amounts to 128,000, and that of Jews to 475^000. Andrew Govan, M.D., a " character" of Greenock,. lately died there. He bed m great contempt' for dress and cleanliness, ead ap peared so poor that many persons who had known nim when his circumstances seemed better, fre quently bestowed alms on him, which be flimikfsBy accepted. He has left more than £2000. Professor Reid, of New York, say* fiat painted green tea may be most easily detected by patting a small quantity of it in » glass of arid wafor, letting it remain for a few inmates, sad thaw stirring it. Ben Jonson wrote his " Leges Convi viales" for a club'of wits who assembled in the Devil Tavern, which was on the she where Child's Bank stands in Fleet- street, Temple Bar. He de dicated those effusions to A poll o, and bang them over thechimney-pieoe. This comic writer's memo randa prove that he owed much of his impirstiimi to good wine. In proof of which we take the fol lowing extracts from his memoranda:—" Ho. I laid the plot of my Volpone, and wrote meet of it, after a present ot palm sack from my very goad Lord T . The play I am positive will test to posterity, and will, be acted when I and envy he friends," with applause." "Mas. The first speech in mr CaHine, spoken by Sylie's ghost, wis writ after"i parted with a friend at Devil Tavern; I had drunk well' that night, and bad brave notions. There is cine' scene in that play which I think m flat. / resolve to drink no more water with mg wine." " Mem. Upon the 20tb of May, the King (Heaven reword him,) sent, me a hundred powok. At that time I went oftentimes to fte Devil, aad before I spent forty of it, wrote my Atehgmiet" " Mem. T/ie Devil it an Ass^ The Tate ef • Ted. and some either Comedies which did not mend, written by me in the winter honest Baipb del, when I and my boys drank bad wine at th* Devil.*' In a window in a street near Bed Lion pquare, the following notice appeared:—"To Lot— A comfortable back kitchen, also % bask ettie unfurnished, with every other convenience." An advocate, blind of one eye, pleading' one day with his spectacles on said, "Gentlemsn, I shell ute nothing bat wh*t is agemsaiy." " Then," replied JOngay, " take out one ef the glasses ef your spectacles." Bois Robert presented his nephew to GmdaadShtofea, wbe» the minister was taking » walk- a moment afterwards he threw the ymagmn into the fawn »f a tomtom. All the umami pre sent wore audi alarmed lest he ahooldhe drowned. TheGmdfaalexclaimed, " Are yea nad?" Mquawgnor," was the reply, " I knew what I was about; anthaat thin little excitement you would bam fergotten my nephew, as yon hare many ethers." • The Peerage of England, instead of its .hefag old, is recent. Few, if say, of the Kenan nobility exist at this moment, and bat fiar psrpotaal creations the order mast hare been all bat Mtiact Of the 394 peers of parliament in 1137, 271 had been created after 1760. The decay of tbeenbref baronets has been equally rapid, (ft all Jams A* First's creations up to the year of his death, to only remain. For the purpose of business and dispatch the first inventor of blotting paper has eontnhnUd more to the saving of time nan any other person. "Even in the drama," says Frederick Douglas, in the North Star, " where the nest Re sents the Moor of Venice as an African, the naaad* sensibility of American taste can only admit him to be played white." Lord Castlereagh's successor having been admitted to the royal presence to receive the < seals of office, was observed on his rotiromeni to rah his chin in a very contemplative mood *1 hop*" said a friend, " that yon met with a gmfaws NtW tion." u I know not what to think of ih" Mppfi ihe^newty ^Jdmntbd official, " hfiTfaajmty, wi(S ap parently perfect sincerity, exprosmd * whh this I ahouldfoQow the example of my late prodeoasmt^ which 1 am -afraid means thst nothing a will giva him so much pleasure as that 1 ahoold cot atj throat." v The credit of having been the first to cure cholera by the use of choloform is, we be&ev;* due to Doctor James Moflatt, of the Boyal Edin burgh Asylum. In the month of Jaaoory fast ha publicly announced the fact' that cbkrorom had cured the cholera. Lord Monboddo, celebrated for his works on ancient metaphysics, sad th? origin of lingmnpr was 50 yean old before he began to learn tjmok, Erderuannadorf learned the suae language in Ml 53rd year, of an ahbato'at Boom. Goc^ga, the emi nent naturalist of Qoedfanberg, in bis 40ft year to* gaged in.the study of natural history, inrwheeh he afterwards gained such celebrity. Isorrstos wroto his "Fanathenacios" in bis 94th year. At an ad vanced age Sophocles composed bis MOr£x," whfah he adduced to ooafnte the iiwnntotoras ofhto MB* who charged him hefore his judges with hriag na in sane old man. RichanWwrot* his "Ptoaok" fa his 51st, his " Clarissa" in his toth, and « Gnmdi son" in his 64th year. A clergyman having expostulated with an Indian for being too fond of ram, the fallow re plied, " Why, I hewed yon tell the people at ohmeh to love their enemies." The Extension Railway from Lincoln to Hud, was opened fur general traffic on Monday : December 25th. Adelaide : Printo&every; Momfay.wocnaW by Jakes Alpek, sole proprietor at fife. Mtmmw McaEAv'sGeneralPrinfrgOpre, Wpwdfa mm and published by tlmsaid JU|fto AttBtoattoe Adelaide Timet Oflfee, CORK of CmtwM and Ruodle-streets, where all eoaamuiuestaowefer the Editor ate to be addressed. 