MACAULEY, JACOB GRIMM, SIR WALTER SCOTT, AND PRO- C0PIIT3. Sir,—On reading the earlier pages of Mr. Macauley's " History of England" I was struck with the following passage, in which the historian speaks of the isolated position held by our country:— " From this communion (with the Eastern Empire) Britain was cut off. Her sborea were to the polished race which dwelt on the Bosphorus objects of a mysterious horror, such as that with which the IoDians of the age of Homer had regarded the Straits of Scylla and the city of the Lastiygonian cannibals. There was one province of our island in which, s« Procopius had been (old, the ground was covered with serpents and the air was such as no man could inhale and live. To this desolate region the spirits of the deparicd were ferried over from the land of Franks at midnight, A strange race of men performed this ghBiily office. The speech of the dead was distinctly heard by the boatmen, Their weight made the keel sink deep in (he water; but the forms were invisible to monsl e^e. Such were the marvels wbicb ai able historian, the colemforary of Uelisarius and of Tribonian, gravely related in the rich aud polite Constantinople touching the country in -whioh the founder of Constantinople assumed the imperial purple."—Macaulcy, vol. L pp. 5 and 6. The absence of any reference to the Bysantine historian in a note made tne not a little incredulous of the supposed authority for the serpents, malaria, and Cbaron's ferry boat. On huuting out the passage in Procopius, I was therefore not surprised to find that it had nothing to do with our island or any province in it. Could the writer have been misled by the following passage in 'Count Robert of Paris' ?— " I have read," said Aeelasles, " in that brilliant mirror which reflects the (he time of our fathers, the volumes of the learned Procopius, that the people separately called Normans and Angles are in truth the same race; and thBt Normandy, so called, is, in fact, a part of a district of Gaul. Beyond, and nearly opposite to it, hut separated by an arm of the sea, lies a ghastly region, on which clouds end tempests for ever rest, and which is well known to its continental neighbours as the abode to which departed spirits are sent after this life. On one side of the Strait dwell a few fishermen, men possessed of a strange charier and enjoying singular prjvjs leges in consideration of their being the living ferrymen who, performing the office of the Heathen Charon, carry the spirits of the departed to the island which is their residence after death. At the dead of night these fish* ermen are, in rotmion, summoned to perform the duty by which they seem to hold permission to reside on this strangecoasl. A knock it heard si ihe door, of hit collage who holds (he (urn of this singular sem'ce, sounded by no mortal hand. A whispering, as of a decaying breeie, summons the ferryman to his duty. He hastens to his bark on the seashore, and has no sooner launched it than he perceives its hull sink sensibly in the water, so as to express the weight of the dead wi'.h whom it is filled. No form is seen; and though voices ore heard, yet (he accents are (indistinguishable, as of one who speaks in his sleep," &c; — Yet there was no word about the pro vince of our island or about the innu merable serpents. So, turning once more to Procopius (vol. ii. pp. 566 and 567 of the Bonn edition), the serpents were found predicated of an island called Brittia,—not of any province in it, but of the whole island ; .and thereto was added the " Saga" of Charon's ferry. Remembering, then, how often Procopius speaks of our island ai Brittania, and how in his Bell. Va. (lib. 1\. see. 2. p. 317 of vol.i. Bonn edition,) he gives a full accout t ol the revolt ol this Biittania from the Romans, and of the election of Constantine as emperor by the soldiers then on service in the island—it struck me that Brittia and BriUania were (wo, aud that though Mr. Macauley had turned to his Procopius to find the serpents, he had stopped short in his researches. And so it turned out. For on referring back to page 559, voi. ii. of Procopius, I found this description of Brittia: —•* The island of Brittia is in the ocean, not more than 200 stadia (some 26 miles or so) from the shore, opposite the mouths of the Rhine, between Brattania and Thule." Without then deciding in any way what island Procopius meant by Brittia, with its serpents and its ghosts, it is very clear he did not mean that Brittania where thesoldierselected Constantine to the empire: and that there was, therefore, no foundation for the statement ahou' a ' province of our island,'—or that ' the contemporary of Belisarius, &c.;' 'gravely related, &c.;' this ghost storv ' of the country in which the founder of Constantinople the imperial purple.' My attention was at this time called lo the following passage in Grimm's ' Deutsche Mythologie,' vol ii. p. 792; in which he not only gives an account of ihe " Saga" of " Charon's Ferry," hut decides what Procopius ought to have intended by Britannia, Brittia and Thule. " Seelen. Uberfalirt. The Ferry ol Souls. —Procopius de Bello Goth. 4, 20, when speaking of the island Brittia mentions a legend, which he asserts he has often heard himself narrated by the inhabitants. They believe that the souls of the dead are ferried over to that island* That a race of fishermen and field labourers live under the government of the Franks on the adjacent continent freed from immemorial times of all duties or burdens to the stale, but on whom (he office is enjoined to ferry over the souls. This office is discharged in succession one after another, and those upon whom on each night it falls, go lo rest as twilight darkens over the earth. In the dead of uight they are aroused, they hear a knocking at their door, whilst voices faint and hollow call them. They instantly arise, reBch Ibe shore, and see three empty boats; strangers, not ol their own race,enter these, sieie the oare, and row. They then ob« eerie that the boats are crammed full, BO that the gunnel is scarcely the breadth of a finger above the water. Nevertheless no one ia seen, and in almost little more than an hour they are landed, whereas they generally require a day and a night to effect by themselves (his passage. Brittia reached, the boats are in* sternly emptied, and are now BO light that (hey scarcely cut the water, Neither during the passage nor during the disembnrkment do they see any one, but they hear the name and the country of each loudly demanded as they touch Ihe shore. When women ate thus brought they give in reply the names of their parents. According to Procopius, Brittia lies about 200 stadia from the coast, between Britanuia and Thule, opposite the mouths of the Rhine. Three races the Angles, Frisians, and Britons dwelt there* As Britain he understands the west coaBt of tbe French continent, one end of which is now called Brittany; but which however, about six years later, stretched further out over the later Norman and Fries Flanders district to the mouths of (he Rhine and Scheldt. Brittia to him is Great Britain,—Thule, Scandinavia. The historian's course was not difficult to discover. Trusting to a cursory view of Procopius, he bad followed Grimm's, or perhaps Scott's, lead in regarding Brittia as Britannia,—and had for the sake of arlistical effect united the two " Sagas" of the serpents and the Charon's ferry into one. However errooeous Procopius may have been in his geography, it is very clear that in his mind Brittia was notjlhe island where Constantine assued the imperial purple. A little more careful reading of the ghost story would also have proved to the historian that the Byzantine did not gravely" relate the " Saga." Far from it:—for he prefaces his accout of this " Ferry of Souls" with a distinct atement that he does ogt bgjjeve it ; blit says, tjiat so many have told him of it, that lie would seem to be ignorant of the state of Brittia were he to omit this legend. There seems, therefore, some reason why, in a previous page of his work, Mr. Macauley should excuse himself from citing authorities for his statements in the introductory chapter. YOOR CONSTANT READKH. Count Robert of Paris, ch, v. vol. i. p. 134. —Alhenteum, Feb 17. 