LOCAL INTELLIGENCE Ax Extensive Sale of Crockery will this tiny take place, by Mr Eusey, vide advertisement. These desirous of replacing havoc committed hv " the cat," that is, the kitchen niaiil, should not lose the oppor tunity. Tun Black List. — In accordance with instructions previously received, the Town Clerk jesterd.iy laitl upon the table n return of all fines which had heeu inflicted upon members of the Corporation for nttn-allendance when duly summoned to nttend nt a full call of the council. By this return it ap peared Iliat the amount of lines which had been inflicted, remaining unpaid was twenty one pounds. No doubt the non-payment has arisen from forget fulness, we therefore refrain from naming lite defaulters, under a conviction that upon being apprized of their liahities they will immediately make ' a present' for being ' absent,' and fork out. Kent the Bolter— or the Fox un- kennelled. — As neat a little piece of work was recently performed by Thomas Gloster, one of the bailiffs of the Requests Court, as would delight the heart of the most proficient of his genius. For some time past the Portland papers have been giving a full length picture of one John Kent (drawn as " Doctor Kent" (during his "practice"' in Melbourne and subsequently a publican at the Grange) who in company with a Mrs. Morrice, bolted from Portland having "let in" the good folks there to the amunt of some £150. His whole career is there set out ; — the hour he commenced his avocations in the Hobart Town Peni- tentiary, his promotion as constable in the same town, his active employment as a vender in Melbourne of fish and fruit ; his subsequent debut as a member of the Faculty, his grog shop at Arrandoovong, and other "scenes and incidents" multitu- dinous enough to fill out the largest "bill of the play"' ever produced for the most melodramatic of blood, blue fire, and brim- stone audiences of the ' Wictoria" or "Surry." It appears that this Proteus had also victimised several of the Melbourne folk, and some of his creditors through the Portland papers were appriseil of his move- ments and kept on the look-out for him. On Monday evening information was ob- tained that in company with this Mrs. Morrice, and acting in the capacity of her servant, the fellow had arrived in Mel- bourne with a dray, harness, and some horses — consequently Gloster waited until the dusk of the evening of Monday last, and, muffled up to the eyebrows, made his way to the residence of the pair (a house belonging to Mr. E. B. Green at New Town) and knocking at the door was ad- mitted by the " werry identical" Kent who was "dressed" half bushranger whole blackguard, evidently to escape recognition. When Gloster made himself and his busi- ness known, and passed "the compliments of the seizing," Kent denied all knowledge of plaintiff or defendant, saying that his name was Kennedy, and that the property belonged to his mistress, Mrs. Morrice — and addressing her said, " Do you tell me to defend your property ?" " I do," ejacu- lated the compliant Mrs. Morrice, where upon the doctor bounced like thunder, but seeing his fury have very little effect, he got calmer, Gloster telling him not to make a fool of himself as he was well aware of his identity, when Kent dropped down and owned the soft impeachment but still main- tained he was the fair widow's "own man." The dame here came tn the rescue and pro- ceeded to lay down the law of the case to the bailiff, who very politely awaited the termi- nation of her discourse, and then observed that he differed with her law in many material points, and should most undoubt- edly "go-ahead." Here Kent became outrageous, but being told that if he was not as still as the Town Clock, he would be quickly " wound up,'' he got more reason- able, upon which two horses were seized on and removed previous to sale, the widow swearing all 'the time that the horses were her " bony fighty" property. Kent it seems had previously offered to sell these horses, which he represented as his own, to a livery stable keeper in Melbourne. On the same day the woman made an affidavit that the horse, harness, and dray, &c.;, belonged to her, and that Kent was her servant — prepa- ratory of course to the release of the goods. The following is the programme of the worthy couple as given in the Fortland and Belfast papers : — " A Bolter. " JOHN R. KENT, Having contracted debts in Portland and Belfast to a considerable amount, and hav- ing been proceeded against, untl judgment obtained in the Smnll Debts Court, Port- land, abandoned his house and station on Wednesday, 7th March instant, converting into cash, or carrying off all his available effects before a seizure could be made. His destination is supposed to he the neigh- bouring territory of South Australia. This notorious swindler commenced his colonial career in the Unhurt Town Penitentiary, and was afterwards employed as constable in the police in Van Diemen's Laud. In Launceston, where he figured as an in- former, he was usually known by the cog- nomen of " Byron's Lap Dog," Byron being at the time Chief Constable, and Kent his lacquey. On leaving the police he opened a public house in H0bert Town known as the Union Inn, and having tricked several creditors while conducting the house, he left that place and opened a Butcher's Shop in the interior of Van Diemen's Land. Here he contracted debts which he never liquidated, and a party happens to be now in Portland, holding a hill for a consider- able sum which he (Swindler Kent), paid away, never to be honoured. From Van Diemen's Land he found his way to Melbourne, where he vended fish and fruit in a wheelbarrow. He stayed only long enough in this part of Port Phillip to con- tract as much debt as his credit would gain him, when lhe honored Portland with his presence, in 1847, as a schoolmaster. Few knowing him, he obtained credit in this township, without making payments, and contracte debts on his first arrival which he left unpaid on bolting. Having pro- cured a Country Inn at Arrandoovong, by a little cash and several bills, he commenced publican once more, and terminated his career in that capacity by swindling every inhabitant in Portland and Belfast who would trust him. "Description : " Stout made, stands about 5 feet 6 inches, black hair and dark eyes, wore bushy whiskers on Ieaving, has lost one or two front teeth, and lisps, is about 37 years old, and professes to understand medicine. His helpmate in this business is a middle- sized woman, about 35 years old. It is not known if they are married. They have several children with them and left Arrran- doovong with two bullock drays. They are supposed to be proceeding to the South Australian territory ; and have a considera ble sum of cash in their possession. " Debts. "Amongst the debts which he contracted in Portland, we are at liberty to publish, at present, only the following; debts owing by Kent to parties who have no objection to furnish us with the amounts, we shall deem it our duty to publish at any time within the next three months: — Mr. Thomas Best £118 14 0 Judgments obtained in the Small Debts Court, Port land : — T. H. Osborne £9 5 8 S. Hutchinson .. 6 0 2 T. Finn 6 8 10 Thompson 2 3 0 23 17 8 Thomas "Wilkinson 6 9 0 THE ORPHAN EMIGRANTS PER "LADY KENNAWAY" - Yesterday morning an inte- resting looking girl apparently about six teen years of age named Mary Mitchell, one of the orphan emigrants per " Lady Kennaway," summoned her master Mr. Richard Iddles, a shopkeeper residing in Bourke street, to show cause why the agree ment between them should not be cancelled. The girl stnted that she had been engaged from the vessel at the rate of £6 10s per annum for a period of twelve months, four months of which she had completed. On Friday night last her mistress seized two red hot irons, which she held up in a threatening manner to the girl and on the following morning turned her out of doors. Nor was this all that she had to complain of, for the girl swore that on several occa- sions she had been nearly frightened into fits by her master and his brother-in-law disguising themselves as ghosts, by throw ing a white sheet around them, and then coming into her bed-room at night when she was asleep. When turned our by her mistress the girl stated she would have been left on the streets to perish, but for the humanity of a neighbour, one Mrs. Peck- wood, who afforded her refuge. Mr. Payn ter, who appealred on behalf of the defend ant, claimed the right of examining, upon oath, not only Mr. Iddles, but his wife, and the magistrates, upon hearing that Mrs. Peck wood, whose name had been mentioned during the investigation, was in attendance, and was a respectable woman, determined upon hearing her evidence first, in support of the girl's statement. Mrs. Peckwood stated that, on the previous Saturday, she saw Mary Mitchell in Mr. Iddle's back yard, crying bitterly. She had her box with her, and, when asked, by witness, what was the matter, she said, that she had been turned out of doors by her mistress, who had told her that, as she had thought pro- per to go to the police office, to make a complaint against her, that she might go about her business. (The clerk of the Bench here informed the magistrates that it was perfectly true that the girl had been to the police court on the Saturday, complaining of the treatment which she had received at the hands of her master and mistress, and that the magistrates had then directed her to return home to see if she could not amica- bly arrange matters.) Mrs. Peckwood added, that she resided next door but one to Mrs. Iddles, and that she and the latter lady had, until the last ten days or so, been upon the closest terms or intimacy, Mrs. Iddles generally spending, at least, three or four hours of the four and twenty, with Mrs. Peckwood, talking over politics, the state of the interior, &c; till the Indies, unfortunately, widely differing upon their views of particular subjects, 'separation' was determined on. Mrs. Peckwood paid Mrs. Iddles her bill for groceries, and cut the connection. In cross examination by Mr. Paynter, Mrs. Peckwood admitted that she had heard Mrs. Iddles reprimand the com= plainant for spending so much of her time in Mrs. Peckwood's shop, observing, at the same time, that she would not allow a ser- vant to visit where she was in the habit of visiting herself. The defendant, upon her being examined, put a very different com- plexion upon the matter, declaring that the greater part of the girl's statement was en tirely untrue ; she complained one night, upon the return of himself and " missis," from church, that she had been frightened by a ghost, but the representation that he had ever frightened her, or endeavoured to do so by disguising himself in a sheet was utterly untrue, as also was her state ment that she had on Saturday Iast been desired by her mistress to quit the house ; the fact was, that upon the occasion referred to, Mrs. Iddles taxed the girl with having been spending her time at Peckwood's, and with having, by her carelessness, caused the juvenile Master Iddles to get n cut on his nose, upon which the complainant said, " it was a lie," and that she would remain in the house no longer, Mrs. Iddles, who was ironing at the time, simply asked her how she dared to make use of such lan guage, at the name time lifting one of the irons, but not with any intention of striking the girl, who, contrary to express Instruc tions, and after being forewarned of the consequences, left the house with her box, which, upon being examined prior to her departure, satisfactorily showed that she had taken the precaution of removing the most valuable portion of her attire before hand. The case, which occupied a consi derable time, was ultimately settled by the complainant being directed to return to her service, and complete the term of servi- tude for which she had originally agreed. The Levels of the City.— Tlie com mittee appointed to consider tho levels of the city yesterday announced that they had completed their arduous tu.sk, ami not only nn extremely arduous, hut an extremely unthankful one, wo admit, it has been". 1 heir report was taken into consideration with an ardor of the day. ' To consider and order upon a report fioni the Levels Committee, recommending certain de viations from the levels of Spring Street, Stephen Street, Russel Street, Swanston-strect, Elizabeth-street. Queen- street, "William-street, King- street, Church- street, nnd Market-street," and the adoption of tlie report was enrried without opposition. The contemplated deviations have alreadv been fully discussed in this journnl, and parties more immediately interested cannot do better, if they require further information upon the subject, than direct their course to tlie Town Clerk's office, where from ion" experience 'wo doubt not tlicy will be courteously shewn tlie contemplated alte rations. Waterworks for the City.— Some twelve months since it may be remem bered tlie Town Surveyor received in structions to prepare n plan of Water Works for tho city, nnd although there appears nn immediate probability of this or any other plan being acted upon for a good nnd sufficient renson — the absence of funds ; it hns nt '.lie same time been considered only just nnd proper thnt the Town Surveyor should he remunerated for preparing the plan. The matter having been referred to the Public Works Com mittee, that Committee yesterday reported that they considered the Town Surveyor entitled to the sum of thirty guineas, which sum will doubtless be awarded, the report yesterday being favorably received prior to its adoption. The Town Improvements. — It wns determined nl tlie Council meeting yester day thnt the improvements of Lonsdale- street bo nt once proceeded with, this locality possessing peculiar claims, inns- much ns it is not only one of the principal thoroughfares from the city to all pnrls of tho interior, but is the Inst of tho localities which it was long since determined by n vole of the whole council should be attended to before any other improvements were undertaken. We nre rejoiced at being ennbled to record this determination of the council ns we feel nssured that pnrties will very generally make Lonsdale street the medium of their exit from the city, from the foci of its being by far the most level thoroughfare to tlie eastward. The New Valuation of the City.— Wo mentioned in our last number thnt tlie new valuation of tlie city ns just completed by Messrs Bnllingnll nnd O'Farrell (who iinvc truly had a most Herculean and un thankful task to perform, notwithstanding which we may add that the remnrkniily few objections which have been raised to their valuation arc indicative of the general con viction of the conscicntcous nnd upright manner in which they have performed their duties) exceeded the previous vuliintion by £22,750! which increased valuation will of course nt the maximum rate of one shilling in I he pound, which the municipnl body nre empowered to levy.yield to the corpora tion nn increased revenue of £1,137 10s Od. The better plan to shew to our renders the the menus by which this accession to tlie corporation revenues lias accrued will be to exhibit in juxta position the number of rateable dwellings mid business premises in encli ward at tlie prior nnd tlie present valuation — Old Valuation. Number of Houses. Lonsdale Ward 660 Bourke Ward. 513 I.a Trohe Ward 780 GippsWard.. 973 New Valuation. Number of Houses. Lonsdale "Ward 660 Bourke Ward 59 5 Ln Trobe Ward 719 Gipps Ward 1242 Thus it appears that by the former valua tion there were two tliousnnd nine hundred and twenty-six buildings rated in the city, whilst by tlie present valuation there nre three thousand two hundred nnd forty-six or an incresc of three hundred nnd twenty rntcd edifices. This increase may be thus classed : Lonsdale "Ward appears in statu gun. In Bourke Ward there nre eighty- two ndilitionnl buildings. In La Trobe "Ward a decrease of thirty-one; nnd in Gipps -Ward nn increase of two hundred and sixty-nine. We particularly draw attention to the relative valuation, ns forming a valuable criterion, innsinucli as it is n gene rally admitted one (and after all there is wisdom in numbers) of the increased value of property in tiic respective wnrds. In Lon-dale Ward the old vniunlion was twen'y-five thousand eight hundred nnd sixty pounds, nnd although not an addi tional house lias been rated, thu new valua tion is thirty-one thousand and seventy pounds, being nn increase of fire thousand two hundred and ten pounds, or in round numbers twenty per cent. In liourkc Ward tho old valuation was eleven thou sand seven »: hundred und thirty-three pounds ; it is now sixteen tliousnnd eight hundred and thirty-two pounds, being nn nccession of four tliousnnd and ninety-nine pounds, or in round numbers thirty per cent, upon the previous valuation ; it must lie borne in mind, however, that eighty-two additional buildings in this ward are now subject to tlie tax. In La Trobe TV mil in which there is a positive decrease of thirty-one buildings in the number rnted. The old assessment was twenty-one tliou snnd and nine hundred nnd ninety-seven pounds; it is now twenty-six tliousnnd two hundred nnd sixty-three, being an increase of four tliousnnd two hundred and sixty-six pounds, or nearly twenty per cent.. In Gipps Ward, in which the greatest number of udditionnl buildings is perceptible, being no less than two hundred nnd sixty-nine. The old assessment wns thirteen tliousnnd. nine hundred and thirty-eight pounds, whilst the new is twenty- three thousand one hundred nnd thirteen pounds, being nn increase of nine thousand one hundred and seventy-five pounds, or, in round numbers, sixty-five per cent. In tlio aggregate, the old valuation was seventy-three thousand, five hundred, and twenty- eight pounds, and tlie old valuation nearly six thousand, two hundred and seventy-eight pounds. Steam Communication, — Advices have been received at Sydney, per the Diamond. that the contract for conveying mails via India to the Australasian colonies lind been obtained by tho Peninsular and Oriental Steain Navigation Company, nnd thnt they would commence with tlie January mail. The report is, however, negatived. It is stated thnt tlie India anil Australia Steam Packet Company had successfully tendered, that the line would be taken up about June, and lliut agents to establish coaling stations had been despatched from England. All doubt is, hower, set at rest by the following extract from n private letter which wo pub lished in yesterday's Advertiser: — " London, December 12, 1818, "I hud an interview this morning with Mr. Yates, the Secretary of the Indian and Australian Steam Navigation Company, j 'lhat Company hud succeeded in ohtnining the tender from the Government for 14 years, determinable at tlie end of seven years, to convey the ninils from Southamp ton on the 20th of every month to Alexan dria. The Oriental Company will carry them, as at present, as far as Singapore, from Egypt, when the Indian nnd Austra lian Company will convey litem to Sydney once every month from Singapore. Tlie passage from Southampton to Syd ney will occupy, it is calculated, about 65 days. It is not expected thnt the line of boats will commence running before tho middle of summer ; indeed it may ho late t in tho season before all the arrangements arc completed. 0r>ns ande7 T cense „„ yesterday' ''toghu,- M'Manus, of Fiiruuf i '1 '» Mm 1 Tun. hull, „ farmer ? distance of town, "f the Pnlio" c? 'llP Cl being drunk. An ;,r 1 .v«lctJ,.51 exhibited against himfelioi> u'3 postpone il" 1', , U ' I, is l,wn >> the pns,pnn(m,!n|??pen.t.(t j tlie mnn who stands „i ""a M'i'll.J Jittered forRed brought before the P0j ' 1 and again remanded til i?iU"jH|«iil npnl witness ft, P r/l ill nttpminn rard cJ hce Office records drunkenness i, alnrmine ' lllec""»al crease, nnd with tl,„ uI>"n it, J »s, that li.it f„r this vice almost all, ing unknow?5 J to the magistracy the noli? other punishment llL ,i rjinCMj adopted. TVhv should M ' UifcSI muted tn remain idle o__?®T-stoGts wl case K.chynrd Thompson „Tn Horncnsite, ror „n assault " ln'1 IV®, | Theatre, being ctallcd "IL.'t was discovered ,h„? to j parties were in „t,cn, tfl King., lie Manager' ofthV'H ever wn, present, ami magistrates not to dismt. S?ed »' ti being imperative, jn on. llle ta., | oner that such outran JV'J'bJ mshed with severity Th 1 >! ti case had alreadv attended .,|mrli,f! '"tl and he had no "doubt their rt o!ei,1 present occasion was the Jr ' 3ceafl| stance, over which tl.lv control. Upon this mn ei"thf| bench postponed tho prefentation j such ilka agreeable conmL, i'l common at this sensnn of ,fc !! hoves us tn lay before , fallible remedy", "Fill vnnr '1 cold water and sit on the fi,c HI uVol . ,ns.t Government Gazetu i us in possession of the return tobacco, in New South TVnU . 'I'"!"! Port Phillip, mntlo up to ihe -??J InelAHt 1 I f t .. I Hie 1 Th .M-.ti.iii , uy «nicn ii aiine.irc round numbers.) that at tiiit to there were in bond. sixti-.o!„. ,i "" gallons of TV. I. B. P. rJ, !" thousand eight handled a/ B, India, and s.xtoer t thousand f„„ ' of foreign; ten thousand gallon to f S Kingdom whiskey; fnrtvUer J ,, t;J three hundred of" foreign brand thousand eight hundred gallon, of gm, and twenty-thousand seven hnnftfj foreign gin ; eighty-nne gallons ofH four tliousnnd four hundred gallon o d imported spirits; and twelve h J four hundred gallons of colonial making a general total of two htirdtdJ thirteen thousand seven hundred oiy Hie return, of tobacco arc as foliov bj six hundred and twenly-four pomj, 3 and cavendish, one hundred ani It «3 three thousand pounds; nuff, itoiJryjJ seven hundred pounds; ard titJ twentyeiglit thousnnd pounds; m'U a total of two hundred and ttfJ four thousnnd three hundred ponndt-J A typographical error ceewrrH in our M port of tlie St. George's IJav Dirntr. 1 wns not Mr. E. Stonke but Ji'r, Snot) J returned thanks for the ladies, and tig I entitled to the full bono) of the eiccsj response. Tlie quarters allotted to "3 keeper of the cattle market hare, for nil time past, been in so dilapidated Btoodid that the late heavy rains Imve fsirty dtirj tlie man out of house and lion:. A din tntion of tlie Market Committee, lut'iasii spected tlie premises, readily afait:el"ti| the pluce wns in nn utterly j'nliahitibli tl dition, nnd recommended that o sue, :| exceeding forty-five pounds, should be i voted to the erection of a suitable Ini&l; A TVisf. Resolve. — Tlie ComndnicJ of tlie Court rf Requests has, we ate bj to lenrn, decided thnt in future when eil cutions linvc been taken nnd sBitlir|ti| third pnrties claiming the property J filed, he (the Commissioner) will aotaJ fere, as tile bond given hv the pli'tl previous to levy throws the onus oftl proceedings upon his (the plaintiffs) iki tiers. All that is to be regretted ii >1 this resolution hns not long jin:e hi odopted by his "Worship ; as it iiiv-i rious fact that ninety-nine out of in iw drcd of tlie nflidavits alluded toueiil throughout. TVe fancy that the Coitj sioner lias now arrived at the prcper ject contemplated by the Act «htu tqfl ing bonds to be given. I Conviction under tup. Xdv hi Regulations. — Joint David, ontleidi motion of Hovel), one of the Crosnbj Commissioners, was charged with "Ml liecn nnd still remnining in occuprtoi Crown lands," described ns in tb"®J of Goulbttrn, pleaded not guilty. M'-J who appeared for the proper ution, iwtl in reference to the obtaining a count® under the Act relating to lite warttk-j it was necessnry for the inform'' B the case, nnd in order to dosociMW terson, n constable, who served tat mnns, nnd w ho, in reference to im®! which David lived, said lie alwaviK-JJ it to bo Government land. Be'fn he had not lived on the hu;din nor had he wrought on it forth' months. This being tlie case, t'PLj veil withdrew his information. Briggs wos next called on, and ' J with the same offence, viz., having still remnining in the occupation i J lands, described in tho previous ' pleaded guiltv, but in doing so wji tilication of 'being on the gw»BC»| wns under agreement with who would force tlie fulfilment he hoped if the sentence of thetw enrried into effect, that 1"lst, ' (J would he cancelled. Being the "j"' , Briggs was fined in 20s. anil J costs, and if lie did not remove) M duva lie would be linlilo to as" 'fm illation being filed against him- gistrnte in making known the J one half of the above fine went" former. — Sydney Herald. Much ado about Noti"J 9 day tlie long pendi»gcn Bridget Groves against Mr ig3 tlie landlord of tlie Golden F ',1 Bourke street, wns film") Messrs Dull and Conde . adjournments had taken I".. DfJ complainant, n blooming wi j ..1 tuuiiy of procuring vviine--' several occassimis tlie "i .pal undisposed of, in cniiscq1"'" I being any magistrates in J Groves who in common u nl' I J sex, appeared not to hov I way, when tongues I pt'clchC?,cTtn«c condition. . M' |t"'in " n un ntnl "itlto"' t-t'Cf,,vinK Iwiiack w'"c .P c|cCd Iter down nnd ptoWta"?"' t|,pre. In nnswer ton K Iter «l'cn !' i,irnte.«, M« Groves !'sf'"n,;lT, u,fn r.-iid....t of tlmt ltd d'"1 in the immcdintc !nJbl.e . (jnblci. Fleece, end the Itiv of l,C I i. l„»i||g appooic to c,lier,C-0e« thntl'tohndthn I ,he , lad/s ncqitninlnnce. nn.l Oint 1 01 dines 'lie lwd cnrtii-d for I" PTlerd « notoriety, but unfor- I" to 'ir. ll.nt nolonety, wns of E.|« for her , , Mneislrntei— l„,nvi»kle ' " s|lc s,vc„,.s thnt Kg, Mr | .! ||, tever Iter cl.nrnctcr lidtd Iter, , .1 "tectcd ; wltnl hove Ibc, '"'''.'""pCormnck— " She M swear to1!- it's no trouble to rf !&fct; i« she etinte in to my house, l ed mnst abusive lnttgimge to roe, Kpgli-d ntnsi mv b|lslIU,ss, and I IrC'the sboublers nnd put Iter V licr„ . possible." In support tu genii) "5 I ,, JpCor nek litis named Owen i'rftemr.obe present at ler, wh i ' , ,nte(j t|mt the use of by the "ln.lv" was ever heard emanate from a ' p < Mr .M'Corntnck begged her to I'f,' the more be begged the more ' I ,1 he a Inst gently turned It 'if ibe bouse, and a'pon in- I" Tiine oflere.l her, her wrath knew 1J d. and her language became worse I"" ' Tim m gistrares upon bearing & & hcse nn . r j .. Jtrs Graves "lite fc grief a'erlatlett" gave jail prnf ttrnhle to conduct luTscdf in the niiiclihnd lieen at'rlhuti'd to her, nnd liLlv escaped being eomni.tted lor attempt of ciini I, of wbtelt she was tt l er outrageous eonduct before ti Mr M'Cormn-k was recom- »Un rases of a similar nature, not to !t l:w into his own bands, but to K the assistance of a constable to re- IflnT njjiies who might conduct tnem- riotously in Itis bouse. Ke pkivii.eges of a wife.-Yer.ler- Kgrnine, rather n singular case under inieis and Servants Act wns disposed Messrs Hull and Cotulell, in which n namcd George Davis, who, together hii wife bad entered into a written Lent for » certain term of servitude Mr Lon- dale the innkeeper, sought cover compensation for the agrecnient Bedto having been broken, Mr Lonsdale L according to the complninnnt's Lent hruken the ngreement by dis- ing Davis and bis wife, nnd bad su1.se- l/refused to give them either n dis- L or their clothes. The complninnnl B that the only reason which be could for Mr Imn'sdale's conduct in brenk- Bei"rvementinthe first instance was he— the Oefendnnt— svns nfrnid that tomp'ainnnt's wife sluuld be con- Hhefure the period of servitude for Bthevhad agreed sltould liecompleted, Lot he might be put to some inennve- L. ' One story is nil very good till Bet's laid, ' said Mr Lonsdale, 1 tlie foci Bit Worships, that this moo's wife is ustrinm, active a little body ns ever Bbntheis alt idle, worthless follow — Blag half Ills tine in bed, and the oll.ei Btloit ring about. They hnd only three (lays in my service when bis Bame to mc nnd told tlie that site L'l get her husband to work, nnd that msfgmnce was she Itnd to do his and her own too. and ns under these L<t3ttcesshe found the place fur too for Iter, she begged nf mc to cancel Kreement. I consented to this — other Bt's were engaged, and I paid Mrs one aeek'. wages, with which she e'Jlirself perfectly satisfied. I ol imagined that nil this was done with usbami's sanction, nnd I believe it wns two days after I had consented tn the agreement, and hod engaged nthcr its to conte to nte, the eoinpliiinant to me hrltling the written rent in bis hantl, saying that he 1 make me sweat for it, and I then re- to give him up his boxes, or to give discharge until he had destroyed lite went. as 1 was tint desirous that he d Walt about the streets fur three isat my expense.' AVallis, u L ln r Lonsdale's house, wns pro- . who swore thai he hnd heard Mrs ,'ui her liushand's presence say that a< very much obliged tn Mr Lonsdale nving cancelled the agreement. The hweie of opinion that Mr. Lonsdale not acted prnpnly j„ detaining the »> c.othes Inn expressed themselves ellmw to act in the cise, ns suppnsiii" hey determined upm, sending Davis to complete Ins ngreement, lliev hnd ,." " 'llevPr ,n oompel the wife to Mr. layn.er-eT'.e husbm-l can e h.r to go i n husband can take his > heg to differ with you. Ie can't i .he n?"' -r",'6 U"i,ed Kingdom w c'vases, if she chooses to appeal for protection. Suppose n iWogofi-om the United' King" L emm'Tt .1" mean to say "\L L 'nl'el !"» K.ik' 10 go With him ? »- "ler satd !|,„t sllcl, Ine Mr Hull ,he.lo,,Ml' b,,t f'""i this B. „,; 1Jul entirely tlissenled. He I ,, ;:;;;; oicriy „f BT. lere " mn" nnd wifo entered Mil rt!ttt d,Cn0,n|' "nt 0,,e weiks |bou!d he iancclleuree'ne,lt be,Wee» If ddTv'!;,?'1,1'"0 wn, s mt,et- i«. in atte.ulu ' "l wl,ich laiea Ker Z ? Wl're ,lle Mnvor, |y, £hilJ"hnr"P' ,Cnl,"cill»" '". Campbell Jn I Clarke, mined that the t,„ur ofi'i !t Wns 1 the ensuin- \v, t , ,u'xt "u-el- "1 2 o'cCek insil t'08,- u 8',ou' » W lit npnririui,;,.. r ol J ln orl'i'r to I.1.1 »M«h bad brL foifo "r1Cri."K tlle 'on< w|,ic| |,nii , b't'tl ngninst the |?ris" b b,ev,i1,1;,i;ei1 i|p» B1' """g reinarkable f Hinstruetinna for il,„ i v) ftn|i nlso to I'i'kly as l!l ',c !">' of a new rate Ire1'"11 mi 'bt be in r ' -r ,lmt llle ftlitie,. ' n " I'mition to meet TD C Quarter SessfoM3f"At 1,10 Inst Mnit- K.T daily coteim! .f"0'0 lrom 01"" E'i» Stuith, s, TlV1 ,M"r-v L'dconilacttd them's fl fr 'lnv'nK 1849 nnd on divert otlier occasions, It nppenrs from the evidence of David Jenkins, Ewebnnk Lough, Jntnes Quigan, and Henry Oxloy, thnt the defendants hod been for years a complete nnisanco to themselves nnd to nil the neighbourhood, from the blasphemous and obscene lnngnnge they were in the hnbit of using, particularly when quarrelling j Mr Lough, who is n schoolmaster, hnd hceti obliged on several occasions to recnl the children into school when they hnd left for the evening, in consequence of the defendants being nl the time engaged in uttering their foul language. Mr Quigan nnd Mr Oxley hnd been obliged to take similar precautions regarding their own children. The wit nesses atntrrd this more particularly of the defendant Lugg, who made tho most noise, nnd used the worst tnngtlnge of the two. The defendants denied the chat go indivi dually, nnd Smith said she hnd only got into disgrace by living for a few dnvs with Lneg. The jury returned a verdict of guilty against both defendants. They were each sentenced to three months' imprison ment in Mnitlnnd Gnol, A Miskraiu.k Objkct. — Timothy Hynn, n miserable looking object, who only a fuw days since wns discharged from the hospi'al of which institution he hnd been an inmate for a considerable time, was yesterday morning brought fheforc the police bench, his offence being povertv, or in other words with having no lawful visible means of support. The poor fellow was evidently in so delicate n state of health ns to preclude him from obtaining his own livelihood, and as nn net of humanity he was sent to gaol for a month. 