THE MORETON BAY COURIER ON "LIBERTY AND LIBERALITY." Of all the funny things that wo have lately read, an article on " Liberty and Liberality" in the Moreton Bay Courier of the 24th March, is the funniest:. The writer of this article at. wears some time in his life to have heard of 41 Tom Paine," and he seems to have an inkling that he, the said 'lom, wrote two books, the Aye of Reason , and the Rights of Man ; why or wherefore the ghost of poor Tom and the vision of his two books have latterly haunted the brain of this poor writer, we cannot say, but certain it is that for the last month he has, sleeping, or waking, eating, drinking, or writing, been closely elbowed by Tom Paine's ghost, in company with a most horribly gigantic monster which he has named Democracy , and which, in the maudlin state of his brain, he firmly believes has taken up its abode somewhere in our good city of Sydney. This Democracy lie imagines to be some selfish and greedy monster, whose maw is never filled, although he is continually gorging, and who, though he has far more food than he can possibly devour, dog-in- the-manger like, will not suffer " the perishing popula tion of Great Britain and Ireland" to partake of the least particle of it. Like a true Don Quixote, therefore, this redoubtable knignt of Moreton Bay having caught a glimpse of the monster — having seen, or imagining that he has seen, this fellow Democracy basking his huge limbs idly in the sun — plethoric with the good things of this earth, has buckled on his armour, vaulted on his Pegasus, and couched his lance to annihilate him. The shock has been tremendous, Democracy being wholly unprepared for such an attack, lies sprawling at the feet of the champion, and we feel assured so sound is the drubbing he has received from the knight of Albert- street, North Brisbane, that he will never be able to lift his head again, in fact, he is literally smashed, and no mistake. The only thing we regret is, that the champion should have caused so much inlct not hlood, to flow on this occasion ; we are sorry that he should have wasted so much valuable paper, and that he should have put himself into such a " feverish ranting" state about tnat which really has no existence. Having, however, eased his 44 troubled soul," and having, as he believes, effectually floored Democracy, it is probable that for the future Tom Paine's ghost and "The flights of Man" will not again disturb his vision. If, however, ihey should persist in their nocturnal visits, wo will on the least intimation, out of the abundant kindness of our own heart, furnish him "free, gratis, for nothing" with a specific which shall have the desired effect. For the present we bid the champion farewell, trusting that the " fever!' in his brain has subsided. , 