THE TRIUMPH OF GENIUS. [FJ1OM ' HUNT'S AMEMCAJf MAGAZINE' F0H NOVEMBER.] H Those who have read the narrative of thu sufferings of! ragged and hungry Genius, as told by the sufferers tlicw selves in Johnson's ' Life of Savage,' and in Goldsmitli'sB ' Vicar of Wakefield,' will listen to the following letter, ? addressed to a distinguished gentleman in this countrj (il chapter of autobiography) with like interest, lor, UKc imm narratives, it not only describes the trials, but it is nrittaiB also, with the energetic pen of Genius. I The writer is Mr. J. R. Remington, a young man, m Virginian by birth. After residing for a while iu AlateffltB a few years since he went to Washington, and eri»WM there the models and drawings of several ingenious, sndM (as they have since proved) valuable mechanical iiwntionw of his 'own. At Washington he made little headway* One of his inventions was a bridge, constructed on a !»«? principle, or rather a principle newly applied, and by vm«m bridges of timber of great length can be thrown aero fl rivers and wide rail-wny cuts, without intermediate sum port. People looked and admired ; but somehow, altta™ they saw much that was strikingly original, they -;*? not see how the contrivances were to be made practical useful. Fulton's first steam- boat drew crouds of *»'? admirers round it when it was on the stocks. H Mr. Remington went to England, arriving in w '''? early in January, 1847. He went, to use his striking*™ guage, ' in search of a man,' like the old pliiloso|-*M he sought but for mind capable of sympathetic amm ation. He carried with him his plans, a teeming brain.™ letter of introduction, and an empty purse. {{il The story of Mr. Remington's success has been '»'? the lips of others, as was most meet ; we leave *f!jM self to describe his struggles nnd probation. ''. J would be marred by any attempt on our part to » M amplify : — ,H Stafford, England, August 15th, !«»? My dear Sir,— I should have written sooner, but «»? had nothing pleasant to say. I reached London « ™ 1 st of January, 1847, without money or friends, vm m just the thing I desired when I left America, *nij^W the thing, I assure you, I will never desire *« commenced operations at once, on the 8«PP°8'' „? in this over grown city I could at least enlist on « But Englishmen are not Americans. An Lngn ? advance any amount on an absolute ec rtainty, ^ M penny when there is the slightest risk, if he got » ? world by it. I spent the first five mouths -**$? this man with unparalleled perseverance ana - — living for less than threepence per day. 1 «'» .JM that few persons in London know so «'»«-».« ''^rfB prehensiblv large city as myself. But ^W^M Las gone to supply uie with ^ f ? w fo rf-l on which I lived entirely, Islepion ^J^M paid one half-penny per night. I became ra|g^ ,;? and could no longer go among men of biwn * ? this time mv spirits never sank, nor did tlicj ? mv sufferings were great. My limbs distorted with rheu Lgm- induced by cold and exposure— my face and head p;'lled'to a most unnatural size by cold and toothache, Yd those who slept in the same horrid den were wretched ' t beggars, the very cleanest of them literally alive with all manner of creeping things. But I was no beggar. I never begged, nor ever asked a favor of any man since I Lne *-» England- Ask 9eoT^e Bancroft- wuom l called unon two or three times, if ever I asked the slightest fa vour or even presumed upon the letter you gave me to him.' I did write him a note, asked him to come and wit ness the triumph of opening the bridge at the Gardens, ?nd delivered the note at his own house myself; and al though Prince Albert came, I never got even a reply to mv note- K Bancroft had come, and been the man to we only recognised me in my rags as I was, it would have ,aved me much more subsequent suffering. I will not , .? ? that Rnnnmft: ever saw mv note, far liis Hpnnrf. ment to me was ever kind. The succeeding three months after the first five, I will not detail) up to the time I commenced to build the bridge. I will not harrow up my feelings, to write, nor pain your kind heart to read, the incidents of these ninety days. Hy hair turned grey, and I must have died, but for the Jews, who did give me one shilling down, for my acknow ledgment for £10 on demand. These wicked robberies Lave amounted to several hundred pounds, every penny of which I have to pay subsequently ; for since my success at Stafford, not a man who can read but knows my ad dress. It cost me .£10 to obtain the shilling with which I paid my admittance to the Zoological Gardens, where I succeeded, after much mortification, in getting the ghost of a model made of the bridge. Every engineer of cele brity in London was called in to decide whether it was practicable to throw it across the lake. Four or five of them, at the final decision, declared that the model before them was passing strange, but that it could not be carried to a much greater length than the length of the model. I was standing amidst men of the supposed greatest talents, as civil engineers, that the world could produce, and the point was decided against me. This one time alone were my whole energies ever aroused. I never talked before. I was haggard and faint for want of food — my spirits were sunk in sorrow in view of my mournful prospects — clothes I had none — yet, standing over this model did I battle with those men. Every word I uttered came from my inmost soul, and was big with truth — every 'argument carried conviction. The effect on those men was like magic— indeed, they must have been devils not to have believed, under the circumstances. I succeeded. My agreement with the proprietor was, that I should su perintend the construction of the bridge, without any pay whatever, but during the time of the building I might sleep in the gardens, and if the bridge should succeed, it should be called ' Remington's Bridge.' I lodged in an old lion's cage, not strong enough for a lkra.but by putting some straw on the floor, it held me very well, and, indeed, was a greater luxury than I had for some months. The carpenters who worked on the bridge some times gave me a part of their dinner. On this I lived, and was comparatively happy. It was a little novel, however, to see a man in rags directing gentlemanly-looking car penters. The bridge triumphed, and the cost was £8, and was the greatest hit ever made in London. The money made by it is astonishingly great— thousands and tens of thousands crossing it, and paying toll, besides the great attraction to the Gardens. Not a publication in Lon don but what has written largely on it. Although I never received a penny, nor ever will for building the bridge, I have no fault to find with Mr. Tyler, the proprietor ; for he has fully done all he has promised— that was — to call it '? Remington's Bridge.' 1 he largest wood-cut perhaps ever made in the world, is made of the bridge. Every letter of ray name is nearly as large as myself. The bridge to this day, is the prominent curiosity of the Gardens. You can't open a paper, but you find Remington's Bridge. Soon after it was built, I have frequently seen hundreds of men, looking at the large picture of the bridge, at the corners of the streets, and envying Remington, when I have stood unknown in the crowd, literally starving. However, the great success of the bridge gave me some credit with my tailor. I got a suit of clothes, and some shirts— a clean shirt — any shirt was great, but a clean shirt — 0 God, what a luxury ! Thousands of cards were left for me at the gardens, and men came to see the bridge from all parts of the kingdom. But with all my overdue bills in the hands of the hell-born Jews, of course I had to slope, and came down to Stafford. I first built the mill, which is the most popular patent ever taken in England. The coffee pot and many other small patents, take exceedingly well. The drainage of Tixal Meadows was the greatest triumph I have had in England. The carriage bridge for Earl Talbot is a most majestic and wonderfully beautiful thing. Dukes, mar quises, earls, lords, &c.;, and their ladies, are coming to -ee it from all parts. I have now more orders for bridges from the aristocracy, than I could execute in ten years, if I would do them. Indeed, I have been so much among the aristocracy, of late, that what with high living, being so sudden a transition from starving, I have been compelled to go through a course of medicine, and am just now con valescent. Of course, anything once built precludes the possibility of taking a patent in England, but its merits and value are beyond all calculation. A permanent, beautiful, and steady bridge may be thrown across a river half a mile wide, out of the reach of floods, and without anything touching the water, at a most incon siderable expense. The American patent is well secured at home Iknow. I shall continue to build a few morebridges of larger and larger spans, and one of them a railroad bridge w order that I may perfect myself in them so as to com mence fair when I reach America. I have a great many jnore accounts of my exploits since I came to Stafford but must defer sending them until next time. I beg you yU write me, for now, since a correspondence is opened ii shall be able to tell you something about England I know it well. I have dined with earls, and from that— flown-- down— down to where the knives, forks, and plates a« chained to the table for fear they should be stolen. I am, my dear Sir, - Your obedient servant, ! I J. R- Remington. 