LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. THE POLL. The following is the result of the polling on Tuesday last, in, I3elbourne anit Gee long: GEELONG. 3sELBOURSE I TOTAL. Mackinnon. 72 40 112 Fawkner .. 1 0 - TheDuke .. 0 3 3 The polling was not a mere pro forma affair; En 3Ielbourne at all events there was a fair trial of strength, for the non-eleciionists were early in the field, and the first vote recorded was in favor of the Date. In Gee long, we believe, there is not a single non electionist left "to the fore." THEATRE RoLVAL.-On MIonday night, ?Cr Morton King made his first appearance in Hamlet, M3r King, of course, heing cast for the Prince. We must allow that the praise which has leen so freely bestowed on this performer, is most deservedly merited. The character of Hamulet, of-all others, through out the wide range of Shakpeare's plays is without doubt the most difficult of deli'nea tion. Mr King appeared to have a just con ception, and a thorough mastery of his part. His style of acting stamps him asa performer of great talent. With a fine natural voice, a beautifully distinct intonation, he adds a good figure, and an easy, yet dignified carriage. Like most actors of any eminence. Mr -King is unequal in his parts, but in no instance does he come below a very high standard of performance, nor does be " tear a passion to tatters," or descend to the clap- trap contrivances of your soi-doisant tragedians for the sake of making a " point" or eliciting applause. We should say that in the Ghost scene, Hamlet's interview with his mother, his scene with the -players, and his discourse with the grave digger, the actor was most eminent. In deed, our impression is, that in particular parts, Mr King falls little below either I.acready or Charles Young. His talents, to e properly appreciated, must be witnessed, and few there are vho object to dramatic representation on general grounds, will re fuse for once to avail themselves of the oppor tunity of witnessing an actor eminent in a great degree in delineating the sublime conceptions of some of our greatest authors. With one exception only the sub ordinate characters in this great play were well and ably sustained. In Ophelia, Mrs Deering more than realised anticipations that would have been formed of her powers. En parts she was perfect. Ulr Deering, as the first grave-digger infused as much humour in his part as we ever recollect to have witnessed in any representation of the same piece. The whole of the fifth act was an admirable performance, and worth even much more to witnesa than the cost of, a walk through oar ditchy streets at the present season, with double price of the admission money added. Messrs. Saville and Ward in their respective casts did credit to their powers; as much may also he said of irs CameronrandMrsGriffiths. OfMr Douglaswe cannot speak in any terms of commendation. He appears to have misunderstood the cha racter of Polonius altogether. The great Bard assuredly never intended to represent the courtier either as a fool or a buffoon. Old and garrulous he is, but withal the reel courtier still-crafty and politic to a high degree, displaying throughout a large store of shrewdness, with great knowledge of human nature and the world, learnt, no doubt, by a long life passed at court. Mr Douglas misunderstood the character he represented. This is not so very censurable, as the same charge may be made of actors of much greater eminence, but we accuse him of a greater fault-that of adding whole sentences to his part, which are not to be. found iii any ot the teats of Shakspeare. Does Mfr Douglas really think that Ihercan im prove upon his author? If he does, let him try it in private, but not insult his supporters with suchi anotherdisplay of impudent ignor ance, Last night Sfr King played Cloude 3elnotte ia the Lady of Lon and fully confirmedi our first opinion of is talents. As yet we have had no actor in the colony to equal kim. Mr Kiing is only engaged for four more nights, admitting but of few oppor tunities for lis admirers to witness his per formances, We believe that there is a general wish that he should appear once more as Hamlet. rTun R.OMus CATiOLIC CitrncHi.-A meet ing wise held last night in the school room, irien the full wing address to the Rev. R, S.Downing, O. S, . Lwas adopted, " Rev erend and respected sir, We, the Catholics of Geelong and its vicinity, as memhers (how ever unworthy the title) of the Catholic " body," beg most respectfully to approach your reverence previous to your departure from amongst us, and thus publicly to express our sorrow-our unfeigned sorrow-upon having it announced on. unday last that we were forthwith to be deprived of the services rendered by the almost superhuman exertions of so zealous a pastor, in promptly attending to the many and laborious duties devolving on the spiritual guide of this widely spread community, and expounding so explicitly thu beautiful truths of our holy religion. How ever, we become somewh t consoled when we cons"der that the present state of your health, your almost shattered constitution, brought on prematurely by your zealous and piaise wortny exertions to promote spiritually and temporally the welfare of your devoted flock, require that you should solicit your removal to some other part of the diocese where your duties may not be so laborious. Moreover, we heartily joil in acknowledging the over oppressive burden of duties, the performance of which have laid you prostrate. Further, while we deplore the removal from amongst us, of such a Pastor-a Pastor whous the frienas of Christian truth must revere-a Pastor, tihe absence of whom the widow and the orphan will, together with the weak and intirm, deplore, we will raise our voices, as one, in a pious supplication, to the Omniscient Ruler of all things, that he may be pleased to restore you to your former state of health, and wherever it may please Divine Provi dence, and your Bishop to remove you, that you may there find that which is so pleasing to Almighty God, and so consoling to main, a faithful reciprocity of good feeliugs and gratitude amongst your flock." VYoLEcr ASSAULT-Patrick J. Riley was charged at the Police Office on Tuesday morning last, with brutally assaulting a servantin the employment of Mr Primrose at Bates'sFord. The defendant is the same man who assaulted Mr Primrose as noticed in our last, and was apprehended on a warrant to answer the charge, which was dismissed in consequence of the prosecutor failing to ap pear when called on. It afterwards appeared that Mr Primrose was prevented from an unavoidable cause from attending at the Police Office, and as the assault which hal been committed on him and his servant wasef a very outrageous character, the latter, wls would not under other circumstances have preferred any charge, applied for and obtained a warrant against Riley for the attack coln mitted on himself. Defendant pleaded guilt to the charge and extenuated his cotnddct b sayiitg that he was drunk at the time and did not know what he was doing. The Bench sentenced him to pay a fine of £2 or one month's imprisonment. GEELOxo TItE.-We have been informed by olie of the miagistrates, 'that a clock ii shortly to be placed in the Police Office, whichisto be regularly maintained at the true time. For tileserviceofthose engagedat this place, this may prove a convenience, but for any use it will be to the public, it might alnoostas well be placed atthe summit of Sta tion Peak. At present, Geelongtime is quite arbitrary as the watchmakers vary from one another from twenty minutes to three-quartters of an hour, each asserting vith confidence that his is" the time o' day." T re3 RL~cS.--" Can any thing be done any law passed-any regulation brought into force to prevent these poor creatures from be ing supplied with beer and spirits?" was a question propounded to us during the early part of this wreek by a minister of religion, who while standing in the streets, witnessed two blacks staggering along the road fearfully intoxicated, and who were making use of ex pressions of a most disgusting and obscene nature-expressions, we are compelled with shame to admit, which were taught them by their white brethren. We infornsed the gen Ileinan that there was an act in existence imposing a penalty of five pounds on any person detected giving intoxicating liquors tothe aboriginesof this colony, but that, al though during the past three years, we had see, more than a hundred instances of intoxi cation among theni, and that numerous an thenticated instances had come before- us, where, while so influenced,they had murdered, wounded, or severely maimed each other, and conmmitted thie most violent outrages, yet no efforts had been made to discover the parties who had supplied the liquor, and that durinig the whole three years not one per sea had been convicted or fined for the offence. The fault must be then with the authorities who hold the power to enquire who the breakers of the law are, and who not only are empowered to find them out, but are cal led upon by the law to punish them. It is a very great fault, and they certainly deserve much censure, to say the least," wasthe re mark of the reverend gentleinan, which few will be inclined to dissent from. Day after day, aboriginals may be seen under the effects of drink, yet no trouble is taken to punish the parties guilty of doing these poor creatures so grievous a wrong. G.anosRE PRODo-nc.-The last few days of fine ireather have been the means ofbisinging forth almost every description of garden pro duce in abundance and great perfection. Ainy person taking a walk round our suburbs at the present time, will be struckat the beauti ful appearance of the dozens of vegetable gardens under culture. Cauliflowers, cab bages; radishes, early onions, and celery, may be had just now at a small cost, arising from the combination of industry and coim petition among the producers. Acauliflower was brought into towrn a mnorning or two since by a market gardener, the headl of which seighed nine pounds. The grower informel us, that he had several dozens, the weight of each averaging from five to six pounds. ExrmtAotmayavr -Durine Saturday, Sun day and yesterday, shoals of mnullet fish swarmed in proximity to the jetty, and the shipping in such quantities, that hundreds of tnoet have been taken by fiuhermen and others simply by dropping a lne into the water with a bunch of hooks fastened to the end and drawing them up quickly again when a fish, sometimes two, would be drawnv out at each atteipt. E?xrisnsanrs --Ilis Honor the Superintendent hbs ordered tihe pilot to bring the nexs emigrant ship to Poln fenry. ". " C?iTro V o Vnonarrs.-Daniel Loeell was Yesterday mornlnt broughlt up to the Police Olice under remand, charged with being Inroali eated on Priday last, and when ont being taken to the watrcbbose bhaving been detected with a shirt concenled allont, lis person which there was every reion 'osupposea he had not come Ihonestly by. It making the accusation, Mr Carman said, there was another to be added which was, that. he ebarged Ihe defendacs as a vagran hieing no virltie meat;s of supportng himself, TheChief Consi able hinFormed te Bienh tihat stle prisonert had, now been in the orol for sis months, (whitl the exceptiorn of one month whiclh ie Ild spetnt hi piscon for assathlting tle conllestl,,) doing liti, line hie ihad inever followed .tmy enrlplysntr. Occaoniotly be nsuld ctrry a li.h h~skec ehab Iuo, is wa metrely as a blind ',Vihnaever , rthiel or a known hbadl character en,,ervdc the town, 'he prisoner was certa:n to be ett along with him,i haling Inahing to urge it lil defetci beyonmd a gteneral ideniul of tsecharges, the prisnner was sentenced to two month's imprisonmens iin he house of corree:ion at Melbourne. 