^mimmwgi^ím^^ THE DANGEROUS TENDENCIES OF OUR COLONIAL SYSTEM. ss (From the Nautical Standard, April 28 J We know no better way to point out the fatal tendencies of our colonial system, than by a comparing what has been done with what is doing now, and thus impressing on the mind of the public the necessity of urging ministers to a once-great, comprehensive, and truly good] measures for remedying the evils that have worked their way in the manifold branches of '? colonial administration. It is in vain for ministers to tell us that Go- vernor are selected amongst men most fit for the due administration of a just and conciliatory policy that they are chosen without any regard to their political opinions or family connection; that there is no favouritism in the choice-that the only test necessary is fitness and honesty. There may have been a time when we could have believed such assertions, but that time is post, and so many so overwhelming proofs have come to light, that persons of the most unworthy description, men bankrupt in purse and character, without an atom of talent or qualification to recommend them, hangers on of the aristocracy or bureaucracy, have been intrusted with the most responsible official places ; have been sent to the colonies invested with high and honour- able dignities, for no other imagin- able reason than to get rid of them at home, and to afford them the means of enriching themselves abroad. The consequences of such unworthy practices have already borne an abundant harvest of discontent and riots. Men who feel themselves injured, and let the word be said, cheated, to pander to the evil passions of their Governors, ask themselves if there is no means of redress. They use at first the legal ways open to them ; when these become fruitless, they are very apt to have recourse to violence, and are only kept back by fear of failure ; but let a fit opportunity present itself to throw away the galling yoke, then we see too late the folly of our policy-we bewail too late our blindness and stupidity. We do not say that all present Governors and of that category we have just described. We are glad to say that of late some good choices have been made, and some clever and efficient men have been selected as colonial Governors. But had chance nothing to do with the good effected ? Have none but good men been sent out? Unfortunately a large share of alloy has been mixed with the sterling gold, which has in many cases destroyed its value. Let us hope that' there are better times coming. We cannot sufficiently insist on demonstrating the vast importance of our colonies ; com- mercially and politically speaking, they are the heart's blood of England. To them England is indebted for what she is. To them alone she owes her supremacy and her national position. How careful then should she be to retain and keep these sources of her wealth and power. We possess forty- three colonies, the area is about forty times as large as that of the United Kingdom, or as large as that of the whole of Europe. An immense empire this, and well worth well governing. The population of our colonial possessions is com- puted at 5,000,000, of whom less than 2,000,000 are of European parentage, and the rest either negroes or coloured men. Our exports to the colonies are as large as those of manufactured goods we send to the whole world. The tonnage employed in our colonial trade is nearly equal to that of our foreign commerce, and amounts to more than 2,000,000 tons. The expenditure in the colonies was, according to the last returns, £3,372,000, whilst the money spent by Great Britain for these colonies was £3.170,000, a total of £6,512,000. England, with a population of nearly 30,000.000, requires only £24,000,000, (exclusive of the interest of the national debt for the whole administrative naval and military government, or about 16s. per head, whilst the colonies require at the rate of £1 8s. per head for their administration and if we exclude the coloured people, the pro rata per head will be the extravagant sum of £2 12s. annually. What shall we say when we hear Lord Grey, the Colonial Secretary, announce and proclaim in his place in the Lords, at the end of last session, that " Colonization had never been so perfect as at the present time" and last week the Colonial Under Secretary, Mr. Hawes, in the Commons echoed the same sounds. Facts are stubborn things, and must be brought in contradiction to assertions. Let us read what Adam Smith said in 1770 "Before the late disturbances, the expenses of our civil establishment in North America was £64,700." Now the merest tyro in arithmetic will tell us that if 3,000,000 people can be well governed for £61.700, 5,000,000 may be governed also for £105, 170. But as we have now attained the acme of perfection in government and mystification, we must pay for it at the bogs tells of sixty times more than then. Newfoundland, with less than 100,000 inhabitants, costs as much as the United States used to cost, and the Mauritius, an insignificant spot, relatively to its population, a very badly governed, and consequently of a very precarious tenure colony, requires very nearly as much, with her small population, as the North American possessions did eighty years ago. Thus the Mauritian' is taxed now the trifling matter of 140 times more than the North American was then. Is it possible to believe that the Colonial Secretary could say " That many of the Governors of the colonies are exceedingly unpaid, and that generally the scale of their salaries was insufficient, ' when it is an undeniable fact that the Governors of the Mauritius and of Ceylon receive an eli about an eighth of the whole cost of 3,000,000 men ? When we consider that Governors alone cost the sum of £121,000, or about £3000 each, we cease to wonder where the money goes. When we see the immense patronage vested in the Colonial Office ; the number of claimants of high and low degree for the crumbs that fall from the Colonial table ; the almost despotic way in which the office is conducted ; the quasi irresponsible character of the Colonial department ; we cease indeed to wonder that places and offices, although already superabundant, have not increased still more than they have. The expenses of governing the colonies, quoque dise Lord Grey, is extravagant in the extreme. The system of taxation, if carried a little, and a very little further, will cost us the finest and richest of our possessions. The very causes of the loss of America are at work, and their effects will be felt over all the colonies. In 1771, the colonies of North America complained that they were taxed without their consent as they were not listened to, they re- volted and became independent. To-day the same folly is re-enacted, and New South Wales, the Mauritius-, Jamaica, and many other colonies, present the very fac-simile of the old American petitions, and add that they are taxed with a very heavy civil list against their consent. Petitions are p luring in from every part of the globe, and, if they are disregarded, the result cannot be problematical. Any man of the most obtuse understanding must see the consequence, the loss of the colonies. We have said already, on more than one or - easton, that it behoves every man in the empire to look with more than common anxiety to the working of our colonial system, for from the possession or loss of these colonies depends the wealth or ruin of England with her colonies she is the first nation in the world, without them The is-nothing. A S wa um op Locusts. Speaking of natural exhibitions, a fall of locusts is, beyond all comparison, the most awful I have ever seen and I may be excused for digressing from the immediate thread of my narrative to give my readers some account of that dreadful scourge, which is considered in eastern and southern' countries the most unfailing manifestation of the wrath of God. Travelling along the western coast of Africa, I once be- held this terrible infliction. These creatures fell in thousands and tens of thousands around us and upon us, along the sands on which we were riding, and on the sea that was beating at our feet ; yet we were removed from their most oppressive influence for a few hundred yards to our right, darkening the air, the great innumerable host came on slowly and steadily, advancing in a direct line, and in a mighty moving column. The fall of locusts from this central column was so great, that when a cow, directly under the line of flight, attempting her mouth to the grass, there rose immediately so dense a swarm, that her head was for the moment almost concealed from sight and w she moved along bewildered by this were than Egyptian plague, clouds of locusts rose up under her feet visible even at a distance, as clouds of dust when set in motion by the wind on a stormy day. At the extremity of that i field I saw the husbandmen bending over their staffs, and gazing with hopeless eyes upon the ghost of death, which swept like a destroying angel over the land, and consigned to ruin all the prospects of the year for wherever that column winged its flight, beneath its withering influence the golden glories of the harvest perished, and the leafy honours of the forest disappeared. There stood those ruined men, silent and motionless, overwhelmed with the magnitude of their calamity, yet conscious of their utter inability to control it while, far- ther on, where some woodland lay in the immediate line of the advancing column, heath set on fire, and trees kindling into a blaze, testified the general horror of a visitation which the ill fated inhabitants endeavoured to avert by such a frightful remedy. They believed that the smoke arising from the burning forest, and ascending into the air, would impede the direct march of the column, throw it into confusion, drive the locusts out to sea, and thus deliver the country from their desolating presence. \- Lord Carnarvon's Portugal and Galicia. CrjiuoaiTiRS or Boimno Water. - The higher we ascend, the less the pressure of the atmosphere becomes, and consequently, being to a certain extent removed from its surface, water boils at a much lower temperature than below. Many remarkable facts are dependent on this, for the nutritious principles in many kinds of common animal and vegetable food cannot be extracted at a temperature lower than 212 degrees, therefore those who live in very elevated regions, such as the plains of Mexico, we, are deprived of many luxuries which their more fortunate, because less elevated, neighbours are capable of procuring. This is rather remarkable as relates to the monks of St. Bernard, who live at the Hospice on the Alps at an elevation of 8000 feet. They are obliged to live almost entirely on fried, roasted, and baked food, as water there boils at 203 degrees, which is an insufficient heat to extract the nutritious properties from the food which they procure. Hence that isolated community, situated at the boundary of the beautiful Swiss valleys on the north, and the fertile plains of Piedmont on the south, seem, as it were, cut off from participating in many e imports, from the simple fact, that they can- not make their boiling water so hot as that of their neighbours below Isaiah Deck, Captain Cook There is not the slightest doubt as to the authenticity of the following incident, which shows the effects of little cans s producing great consequences. The discoveries of the English circumnavigator were owing to a particularly marked shilling. Young Cook was a native of Yorkshire, and served as an apprentice to a merchant and shopkeeper in a large fishing town in that county. Some money had been missed from the till, and to detect the thief a curiously marked shilling was mixed with the silver, which was accurately counted. On examining the till shortly after, this peculiar shilling was missing, and Cook was taxed with having taken it out ; this he instantly acknowledged, stating that its peculiarity had caught his eye, but affirmed, at the same time, that he had put another of his own in its place. The money was accordingly counted over again, and found to agree exactly with his statement. Although the family was highly respectable, and therefore capable of advancing him in his future prospects, and also much attached to him, and very kind, yet the high spirit of the boy could not brook remaining in a situation where he had been suspected, he therefore ran away, and having no other resource, entered as a cabin boy on board a collier. Scarcity on Young Cblehbities. - It is rather curious at first, to one unfamiliar with the artistic world, to see how little youth is to be met with amongst the celebrities. Our young poets are middle-aged men ; our rising authors are bald ; our distinguished painters are passing into the ' sere and yellow leaf ;' our very ' young Englanders' are getting grey and purse. The truth is, life is short and art is long and although a privileged man does sometimes, in the ardour of youth, reach the summit of reputation by a bound either from the prodigal richings of his genius, or from having hit the favour of the movement, yet, as a general rule, celebrity is slowly gained, and not without many years of toilsome effort. Lewes. incorrectness op Conversational Lan o'jaoe.-The influence which common parlance exerts on the acquisition of correct notions on scientific subjects has often on unfortunate tendency. Thus, when we say in dull weather, " The day is heavy."-" The air is thick and heavy, it is not generally supposed that the air is really higher than on a fine day ; but the fall of the barometer indicates that this is the fact Isa iah Deck, Ripb Bribed. Bread made of wheat flour, when taken out of the oven, is unprepared for the stomach. It should go through a change, or ripen before it is eaten. Young persons, or persons in the enjoyment of vigorous health, may eat bread immediately after being baked without any sensible injury from it- but weakly and aged persons cannot-and none can eat such without doing harm to the diges- tive organs. Bread, after being baked, goes through a change similar to the change in newly-brewed beer or newly churned butter- milk, neither being healthy until after the change. It not only has more nutri- ment, but imparts a much greater degree of cheerfulness. He that eats old ripe bread will have a much greater flow of animal spirits than he would were he to eat un- ripe bread. Bread, as before observed, dis- charges carbon, and imbibes oxygen. One thing in connexion with this thought should be noticed by all housewives ; it is to let the bread ripen where it can inhale the oxygen in a pure state. Bread will always taste of the air that surrounds it while ripening hence it should ripen when the air is pure. It should never ripen in a cellar, nor in a close cup- board, nor in a bed-room. The noxious vapours of a cellar or a cupboard never should enter into and form a part of the bread we eat. Bread should be light, well baked, and properly ripened before it should be eaten. Bread that is several days old may be renewed, so as to have all the freshness and lightness of new bread, by simply putting it into a common steamer over the fire, and steaming it half or three-quarters of an hour. The vessel under the steamer containing the water should not be more than half full, otherwise the water will boil up into the steamer and wet the bread. After the bread is thus steamed, it should be taken out of the steamer, and wrapped loosely in a cloth, to dry and cool, and remain so a short time, when it will be ready to be out and used. It will then be like cold new bread.-j4mericrm Farmer. The Public Domain Few persons realise the enormous extent of territory comprehended under this term, belonging to the United States. Its area has not been precisely ascertained, but as nearly as it can be estimated from official data, it comprises 1,412,217,197, or one thousand four hundred and forty- two million two hundred and seventeen thousand one hundred and ninety seven acres. Much of this land is unfit for cultivation, by reason of its being under water, rocky, mountainous, or incurably sterile ; but as a whole it is better fitted for the use and sustenance of man than any equal amount that can be found in one mass in the world. After making every allowance for worthies tracts the Public Do- main of the United States, now unoccupied and lying waste would suffice to give every man, woman, and child, now lying on the face of the earth, an acre of good ground each. Buffalo Com. A Calipobnian Death-bfii.-The California Herald abounds with stories of the privations and wretchedness of many a long-eared Midas of the Sacramento. There is a stern first in the subjoined ; Many are dying from want of attendance and the ordinary comforts of life, while their hard earnings, lie Under their pil- low ( if pillow they have in the shape of from 1 to 10lb. of gold dust tied up in a dirty rag. Two of these cases occurred yesterday, and two more to-day." To die from want of at tendance and comforts, with gold for a pillow, is to die hard indeed. Punch. ' 