THE REV. BAPTIST NOEL. ' To the Bishop of London. My Lord, — As a Dissenter from the doc trine aud discipline of the Establishment, I have itaken before a magistrate the oaths prescribed by 52 Geo. III. Yesterday I preached for Mr. Binney at the Weigh-house chapel, and received the Lord's Supper with the members 6f that -church ; and I am ready to do any other propei ,and lawfal act which your lordship may suggest i>y which I may publicly declare my dissent. I had intended to be silent for some time, but the progress of Mr. Bouverie's hill has changed my intention, because as that bill will doubtless jpass through the House of Lords without male- rial alterations, and I am unable to avail myself -of it, I wish to ascertain as soon as possible, \- -whether its effect will be to sentence me to imprisonment for preaching the gospel. Had 'the act simply declared that the seceding clergy- ;man is deprived of all offices and emoluments within the Establishment, and incapable of them 'for tho time to come, I should have thoroughly approved it. Had it further enacted that each -seceder, upon a proof of his secession, should ;fae deposed from the ministry, I might have thought that the legislature was. intruding into matters beyond its competence, when it ordered bishops to depose ministers of Christ, and that litis afforded n--w proof of the bondage of the Oiurch to the Slate in spiritual tilings, but I should have submitted cheerfully to its enact ments' But this hill makes me a party to my -own deposition from the ministry. I am to -certify to your lordship my avowal of dissent, upon which you are ordered to " depose me from my holy orders," nnd then I am to be free from all pains and penalties. To avail myself of litis act is to purchase exemption from legal penalties by consenting to my deposition from the ministry ; it is to avow, not that I have ceased -to be a minister of the establishment, but thnt I have ceased to be a minister of Christ. Were de position from orders merely an act of exclusion from the body of an established clergy, I should willingly consent to it ; but as it is an act which declares me to he no longer a minister of Christ, I cannot do so ; because, with every wish to pay due respect to the legislature, I cannot pur chase exemption from any penalties by a lie. When I was ordained, I was required to declare my belief that I was " inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon me this office aud ministration," and that I was " called according to the will of our Lord Jesns Christ to the -ministry of the .Church." Those who lightly enact the deposition of a minister may think that this declaration is a farce ; but in my case, .at least, it was a solemn declaration of the truth. That call of Christ, determined by the influence of the Holy Spirit in tho heart, with other suit- Able qualifications, seems to me the substance of ordination ; and the recognition of this call by a bishop is one amongst several modes in which tthe call of the Church is added to the call of God. As I believed then I believe now, that 'I have been called to the ministry by Christ, and no prelate, church, or parliament, can either exonerate me from the obligations of the minis try. or deprive 'me of its privileges ; and if I should say,'as this bill invites tnc, that I have ceased to be an ordained minister of Christ, 1 -should lie. Although I attach no especial value to espiscnpnl ordination, yet it is valid ; and I -can no more be a layman, than a Presbyterian -or a Congregational minister is so. Whatever, itltrefore-, Parliament may enact, I can neither cease to he a minister, nor cease to preach ; and If the law requires it, I would rather suffer any length of imprisonment for preaching the gospel, tihatt purchase an exemption from trouble, by .either declaring that I am no minister, or by -ceasing to preach. I shall, take the liberty of sending this letter to two or three newspapers, 'because I wislt the character of the 'relief' af- cforded to 'seceding clergymen,' by the bill now .passing through Parliament, to lie known. — I .remain, ray dear Lord, your Lordship's faithful -servant. Baptist W. Noel. 