ORIGINA L POETRY. THE EMIGRANT AT SEA. It is morning-and I am away From the sun-spangled land of my birth, From the sweet early breezes that píay Oer that valley, the fairest of earth. I am bound for a happier land, Than my fathers' can promise to be, Where the wings of my soul may expand, And Peace ! find her portion in thee ! My morning of life opened sweet, As the first budding blossoms of May ; Fair hope strewed her flowers for my feet, As the light of life broke on my day. But " the Winter rides high on the bíast," As the sun of my hopes tonched the noon ; While sorrows and storms flutter past, And destroy my young hopes but too sooft. It is evening-and calmly in sleep, The wearied waves cease their wild war, As we lie on the breast of the deep, The moon shines in silver afar, With a kiss to the ripples that try To mirror her form in their breast ; She tells of puce peace in the sky, And points to that haven of rest ! It is midnight - and I am alone ; How still is this ocean night hour ! Recalling the shades of the gone ; Even memory smiles at its power As it conjures some scene of the past, Like a ghost from the wave's sdent bed, And beckons me " Hear in the blast, A requiem sung for the dead." Qh ! may I not hope, when the day 1 j Of life's journey is drawn to a close, To find a fair evening while they, Who love me, may share my repose ? Or till death sets his seal on my care, I If to wander through life is my doom, ] Must I wait for a resting place there 1 ¡ Yes. an EmUrrant's rest is the tomb ! _ ABGTTS. ^ JERSEY LAND CONTRACTS.-The public re gister of Jersey, which is found to be of ines timable utility and advantage, was established in the year 1602, by Sir Walter Raleigh, who, for a short time, was governor of the island. It had been recommended upwards of forty years before, in the early part of the reign ol Elizabeth, but had not been carried into effect. The establishment of a general register in each county of England and. Ireland would, I am confident, be of great value. The trouble and expense now experienced in obtaining and tracing tide deeds, would be avoided, and all the information required could be procured for a very moderate sum ; in Jersey, not exceeding a few shillings. In the Cbannel Islands, by making registry necessary to validity in law, if a proprietor should lose a title deed, a reference to the public register would establish all his rights. I believe that the adoption of a system, based upon the principle which in practice has been found to work admirably in the Channel Islands, would be desirable, in Ireland, where oftentimes great expense is incurred, which I think could easily be avoided. The land com missioners, in their report, state as follows : u We think that some facilities may be safely given towards making out titles to land, so as to lessen delay and expense, particularly with reference to the searches necessary under, the system of registry now es ablished in Ireland. It has also been suggested that expense would be ultimately saved in the transfer of property, if the memorial should contain a full copy of the deed registered ; and it certainly appears to us that even if this suggestion should not be adopted in its full extent, it is necessary, with a view to prevent fraud and litigation, that all the powers given, or restrictions im posed, by settlements or trust deeds, should be fully set cut." In the Jersey contract, ali cir cumstances, conne2ted with the property are stated ; where it is situated ; how the seller has acquired his right to the property ; what in cumbrances may be made on the iand,'and to whom, the amount of which is deducted from the purchase money, and the purchaser renders himself responsible towards the parties who hold the mortgages ; how the balance due to the seller is settled ; and when the purchaser is to come into possession. - Ireland and the Channel Islands. THE NEWSPAPER.-We occasionally meet with a business man who affects to care very little for newspapers and the information they furnish. Of course we must give this class of men credit lor meaning-what they say, but, nevertheless, we cannot believe them to be as independent of newspaper aid as they imagine. We should like these men to have a monetary glimpse -of the business world, and, as it would, be if all newspaper facilities were annihilated. Extinguish all the light which the Press has ¡ shed upon the wants and interests of society. Let all the information it has gathered from all parts of the world, and scattered among its j readers, be forgotten ; let all the intelligence I it has imparted, all the enterprise it has awakenened, all the ingenuity and energy it has stimulated, be annihilated, and in what stage of advancement miy we suppose the mercantile world would now be found ? How would a city without a well informed Press, ever compete with one having that aid ?-The one, in comparison with the other, would be less than half civilised, and would be con stantly at fault in the common transactions of business. And what is true of a city, would be true of an individual who should succeed in depriving himself of the aid and advantages of a modern journal. There are numberless ways in which the man of business is betiefitted by even the glance at his paper which he takes in the morning, we need not repeat. The ad vertisements may give him information, or suggest a valuable thought. The news de partment may intimate to him the direction which his efforts should take, or the record of some stirring example of mercantile life may rouse him to those endeavours which will con-' duct to triumph ant success. The expense of a newspaper, it is true, is something, but the probable expense of having no journal is often vastly greater. Ignorance is generally costly. New York Mercantile Times. SQUATTING STATISTICS.-There are in the Province of Port Phillip, 666 persons holding squatting licenses, of whom 339 have runs not exceeding 25,000 acres each, 1-53 not exceeding 1 50,000 acres, 103 not exceeding 100,000 acres, 33 not exceeding 150,000 acres, 16 not exceed ing 200,000 acres, 5 not exceeding 250,000 acres, 4 not exceeding 300,010 acres, 3 not exceeding 350,000 acres, 2 not exceeding 600,000 acres, and two single squatters who hold respectively 408,583 acres, and 845,600 acres ; the latter cormorant holds only one li cense, and consequently is in possession of this extensive principality, at the annual rental of £10 per annum. The largest squatter in the middle district holds only 814,560 acres, for which he has six licenses, and pays £60 per annum. INVENTION.-A working engineer at Preston has invented an apparatus for folding news papers as they are received from the printing machin*. A SHORT DOZEN.--George IEL, speaking to Archbishop Sutton of his Targe family, used ; . the expression, *. I believe your grace has better ! than a dozen/* ** Nb, aire," replied the Arch bishop, " only eleven." .« Well," replied the King, "is not that better than a dozen ?" An old lady of our acquaintance is much surprised that Government is not stricter as regards duelling. Her feelings were greatly shocked at some person lately " challenging " a whole jury. J URYMEN.-The question is put to us from several quarters, *' whether persons eligible Lo sit as Jurors, can be compelled, to try prisoners of the Crown, already doubly, trebly, and oftener convicted." A man arraigned at the bar, on a charge of breaking the laws, is en titled, we understand, to be tried by his Peers -that is- by his equals-or companions . or /ellows : no ff taking a common-sense view of the meaning of the words* we submit that a person in the condition of a convict, no matter how elevated in the grade he may he, by various convictions, cannot be legally tried but by bis equals-his companions, or his fel lows-that is by his equals in villainy-his companions in crime, or his fellows in the chain gang. We consider that unless it can be made to appear that free men are the peers -the equals-the companions, or the fellows cf convicts, they cannot be compelled by law to sit as jurymen in any case in which convicts are -arraigned at the bar of a court of justice, on a charge of crime. And we have no doubt the judges and the law officers of the Crown would hold such objection, if made on the part of free men as jurors, impanelled to try con victs, to be perfectly valid and just, and that they would immediately be relieved from the imposition to which they have submitted, to their serious cost, already too long. The ques tion should be tried, by a panel that was unanimous, and the objection should be made when called upon to be sworn, to try convicted prisoners ; if the court would not entertain the objection, jurors should still refuse, to submit to the penalty imposed, and at once refer the matter home.-Cornwall Chronicle. 