Piokings and Choosings. A Curious Wager.-A French paper átate» that at Brusela, on the 7th of June, the ¡tiler« on tho French boulevard were gazing" on a novel equipage, consisting of a charming little gig,' very low, drawn by eighteen Scotch lap dogs six abreast.-Sixin after, four handsomely dressed gentlemen descended from a splendid carriage ; one of them entered the gig very gravely, consulted his watch, set it by that of his companions, and armed with a small whip, started off, followed by vehicles and mount- ed cavaliers of every description. It was nei- ther moro nor less than a bet. The nobleman had wagered that with this singular equipage he would drive around the boulevard in thirty five minutes. The bet was won, and the feat' accomplished lo thirty-three minutes.-Without, regard to the congratulations of his friends and the applause of Ute "public, the gentleman had his coursers unharnessed, carefully enveloped, in woollen covers, and placed tn his own carri- age. The nobleman's, valet took his place by. the side of the tired racers, and my lord return- ed to his hotel on foot. The wager was for the sum of IS,00J francs. Love. The article of love is "quoted" In last advices aa, follows i ? "Love is like the d-1, because it. torments ; like heaven, because it wraps the soul in bliss ; like salt, because it is relishing ; like pepper, be- cause it often gets un fire ; like sugar, because ? \ it is sweet ; like a rope, because it ls the death of j man ¡like a prison, because it, makes a man mis- erable ; like wine, because lt makes us happy ; like aman because, lt is hero to-day and ofT to'tnorrbw ; like a woman, because there ls no getting rid of it ; like a ship, because it carrie« one to the wished-for port; like a will-o-th'-wisp',,' because lt often leads one into a bog ; like a fierce courser, because it often runs away with', one i like the bite of a mad dog, dr the kiss of. a pretty woman, because they both mako a man run mad ; like a goose, because it is silly; like, a rabbit, because there is nothing like it. In a word, it is a ghost, because lt ls like everything., and like nothing, often talked about, but never seen, touchod or understood." Lord Hardwicke's bailiff having been ordered,' by Lady Hardwicke to procure a sow of tho breed* and site she particularly described lo him came one day into the dining-room, when full of great company, proclaiming with a burst of joy he. could not suppress, "1 have been at Royston, fair, my lady, and got a sow exactly of yonr' ladyship s breed and sisé." A Comparison - The quarrelsome Irish rebels are like their diseased potatoes- tiny won't * agree' with you. AH ACCOMMODATING CONUNDRUM;--The Quel-' (fort-When Is a fish most out of water P l'A* Answer.-1, When it's a perch in a bird cage. -2. When k's à pike on the Epsom road.-3. When lt's a dab at tho polka.-4. When it's a sole on a boot.-S, When it's a muscle on a lady's neck.-G. , When it's a chub In St. Paul's church-yard.-71 When it's a Sálcemon talking to Ody.-Ö. When it's a Jack-in-the-box.-tV When It's bleak on'a common.-10. When it'« a char-woman.-ll. When it's a bar bell -12., When it's a skate in a cutler's shop--15. When it's a ray coming down frqru tbs sun. To these may be added; If our readers will,stand them i~. 14\. Wh»n it's a place on the roof of a buss ! -15. When lt's a Whale on the school-boy's back f-10. When it's Ann Neal (an eel).-17/ When it's a Cooke! making antlbilious pills I 18, When lt's a lamp awry (lamprey)!-lt. ¿When lt's a land shark I-20. Winn it's will»/' lng cleaniag plate I 