NON-ELECTION— GEELONG. If any argument were wanting to prove the arrant farce of a " bona fide elec tion " under the present Constitution, it might he readily found in the results conseciueut unon the proceedings of the Geclong incurables. The very cham pions of election have in the aggregate refused to practicaily vindicate their cause, and resignations come in, on one pretence or other, as thick as hail stones in a thunder storm. The " Elected " awkwardly appear upon the sceue, but to make a more awkward j exit — They " come like shadows, so depart and as the Ghosts of Richard's conscience, vanish in the daylight of reality and action to make room for succeeding nonentities. — In the Capital of the province, where the greatest amount of wealth, intelligence and respectability could be brought to bear upon the question, -non-election or passive resistance was fully carried out, whereas in Geclong, the industry of a few unreflecting demagogues and the individual vanity of certain candidates obstructed the " home " thrust of the Melbourne public, and inflicted a lasting injury upon the interests of Port Phillip. Their in sensate conduct has effected the plunder of at least sixty thousand pounds sterling of our surplus revenues for the current year, for without the Geclong co-operation, this robbery could not be perpetrated. Sixty thou sand pounds is rather a high price at any time for a limited community to pay for the privilege of representation, not does its magnitude decrease when we recollect this is the price we pay for the legislative services of Messrs. M'Kiksox, Dickson and perhaps Mr. M'Authur. — However, the Geclong electors evidently esteem the figure a low one in comparison to tlie benefits to follow the presence of their representatives Messrs. Dickson and M'Kinnon at Sydney. A price as nothing worth f r the jealous guardian ship with which these " Arcades ainbo'' arc to watch over the interests of the province — the impetuous elo quence with which they will insist upon our rights- — the statistic vigour, the "patriotic ardour, the rampant rhetoric, that will alternately delight, persuade, disconcert and convince, and nil for the small charge of — sixty thousand pounds — with perhaps the gratification of participating in this glory, which -reflected upon its originators, the Geclong electors, will give them half its lame by giving them all its origin ; while hereafter the genius of the " Commercial Emporium," will, in future political struggles, open that page in her history that preserves the achievements of her patriots, and turning to this the brightest example Lhat " Gilds those pure anl pe- feet realms of rest Whore Dickson triumphs ami M'Kinnox's blest." teach ingenuous youth to emulate their reputation and exclaim, while pointing to the page et tu Marccllus eris. Notwithstanding this brilliant pros pect, whether we consider the principle or the persons, the price is too high ; hut supposing it to lie nothing more than adequate to the effort, what possible good can these gentlemen do by them selves. If all the elected members would accompany them to head quar ters, it would he "a very different affair, but this we already know they will not do. Dr. Palmer wont go, and Mr Cunn has just as much idea of going to Sydney, as he has of exploring the Niger, or of following Sir Joiin 1- rank- i.ix-: and Earl Grey will, most pro. habit/, not arrive by the first " steam communication via Singapore, " to attend to his legislative duties ; but. then, quid refer I ? Doctor Dickson and Mr Mackinnon will " march away" — they will undoubtedly take their seats, for vanity is an all-powerful stimulant. Emitdocles sprung into Etna's mouth to encourage the idea that the Gods had snatched him to the clouds — these gentlemen will gel into quite as hot a place as the first, but more successful than the Greek, will he in the clouds quick enough. Of Mr M'Artiiur we lier-d say little. — at the best view, lie will be like the chip in porridge. Thus, in fact, we shall have but two representatives in Sydney — too contemptible a force to he' respected by the friends or feared by the enemies of the province, leaving us in fact without any repre sentation at all — and worse than no re presentation, the name without the gain. Hence we shall ho at the uncontrolled spoliation ot an hostile Legislature, in which there is scarcely a member, offi cial, or non-official, who is not cither directly or indirec.ly interested in the appropriation of Port Phillip monies to Sydney purposes. "The object of tho non-clectionists was two-fold, to hasten Separation and ad interim,', to protect the revenue ; non-election would have accomplished this — it would have prevented the Council from legally assembling, and arrested the plunder for a time, but if this difficulty were got over, would have so loudly knocked at the Colonial office for a hearing, as to have awakened the noble Eari, to a sense of our injuries and our resolution. 'i'ne Geclong electors think otherwise they coalesce with Sydney in the spoliation of the land of their adoption — they hind us hand and foot for the sacrifice and are extrava gantly energetic in dragging us to tho altar. To them wo may truly say, " Thou sa west the thief, and consented 'st unto him." Wc will have a few remarks to offer in our next, upon the nrgumeels used at the " nomination"' by the advocates of this suicidal measure. 