THE MURDERER RUSH. James Bloomfield Rush was the-illegitimate child of Miss Mary Bloomfield, by a gentleman residing near Wymondham, to whom she had been engaged. The connexion, however, was broken off, and she af- terwards married Mr. Rush, a farmer, at Felmingham, who adopted her child, and suffered him to take his name. He was educated at Mr. Nunn's school, at Eye, and in 1824, placed in a small farm, at Aylsham. At school he had been deemed a shrewd clever lad, but much given to trickery and boyish frauds — as a man his propensities were the same, but his outward conduct was unexceptionable. In 1828 he married Miss Soame, the daughter of a highly respectable neighbour, and removed to Dalling Hall farm. He afterwards took two others, and carried on extensive operations, both as a farmer and an auctioneer. In his latter capacity he became steward to the Rev. G. Preston, and on his death in 1837, to his son Isaac, who changed his name to Jermy. This was the man whom he afterwards murdered. Rush held a lease under Mr. Jermy, and purchased an estate of him. On the subject of the former, much litigation arose, and the latter was re-sold, Rush receiving back the purchase money. In 1838, he was engaged by Mr. Jermy to purchase for him at auction, the estate called Potash farm, at the limited price of £3600. The biddings exceeded that amount, and he took it for himself at £13,750. An alterca- tion arose on this, as Mr. Jermy did not think himself well used. He afterwards, however, advanced Rush £5000 upon mortgage of the same property. In 1844 his father-in-law died, under circumstances which even at the time excited suspicion. Later events justify the idea that he was murdered. The unfortunate man was in his keeping-room, and no other person but Rush was on the ground floor. He according to his own account, had gone into the next room to change his boots, and hearing the report of a gun, returned, and found the old man dead — the charge having entered his head behind the ear. It was mentioned at the time that the deceased was not fond of sport, and afraid even of an unloaded gun. The situation of the wound also was singular. In 1845 his wife died, a woman highly respected. She left nine children. Rush then engaged a middle aged person as house- keeper, and advertised in the Times for a lady to take the educational charge of his family. The ap- plicants were met by appointment, at a respectable house in London, and four educated young women were in succession engaged — of these Emily Sandford was the last, and not the only one who fell a victim to the treachery of this unprincipled seducer. She was the daughter of a gentleman residing at Ken- sington, who had lost his property in railway specu- lations, and was accompanied by her mother to the house mentioned in the advertisement. The lady had not the least suspicion of Rush, and was highly satisfied with her child's engagement. The poor girl's ruin was effected, and concealed most artfully from her friends, by the intercepting of her correspon- dence with them. Rush afterwards took lodgings for his victim in London, where she passed under the name of Mrs. James, the wife of an officer then in France, and Rush visited her in character of her uncle. At this time he commenced a life of general dissipation by which he injured his means, and be- came seriously involved in debt. It was during his partial residence in London that he entered into a league with the Larners and Thomas Jermy, whom he represented as the right- ful owners of Stanfield Hall, the property of Mr Jermy. To assist them in obtaining possession, he prepared sundry legal documents which were engrossed and witnessed by Emily Sandford, who had become a mother and was wholly in his power. There is little doubt that he purposed murdering her also, as her signature to the forged deeds could not have availed him had she been examined as a witness. In event of her death or absence, the proof of her writing would have been sufficient. She has stated her belief that when he rushed into her room on the night of Mr Jermy's murder, his intention was to have killed her with the dagger afterwards found in his bed, to have concealed her body, and given out that she had followed her hus- band to France. After his return to the country, his embarrass- ments increased, and he offered his creditors a composition of 12s 6d in the pound, which was not accepted, and he was made bankrupt on his own petition. He was opposed by Mr Jermy and others, but passed through the Court, notwithstand- ing great suspicion of unfair dealing. There seems much reason to believe that at this time he murdered his own mother. An amount entered in his schedule of £?,700 as due to her was disputed, and the meeting adjourned that she might be examined on the subject. This was to have been on the Thursday, and on the previous Monday she died. She had been ill and was con- fined to her bed. Rush only was in her room at the time of her death, having sent out the nurse, saying that he would sit up with her himself. When the woman returned in the morning, he told her his mother had been dead for some hours, and he had laid out the body with his own hands. Rumour, at the time, spoke of foul play, but no general suspicion was excited. By his mother's will Rush was made trustee of her property on behalf of her children, who were to take their shares respectively as they came of age. This will he proved, and the solicitor who had prepared it was with him on the occasion. Soon afterwards he proved a codicil, which he pro- fessed to have found since, which provided that no payments should be made till the youngest child reached the age of twenty- one, thus giving him absolute control for many years. It contained the singular provision that no questions were to be asked about this change in the testator's intentions, it was observed that on this occasion he was not accompanied by the solicitor. Rush appears to have retained the Potash estate after his bankruptcy —probably on account of the heavy mortgage on it held by Mr Jermy. This beeame due on the 30th November — only two days after the fatal tragedy at Stanfield Hall. It is known that be had several interviews with his creditor for the purpose of postponing the payment, the last being on the Sunday before the murder. The particulars of this interview are unknown but there is reason to believe that he left without gaining his object and with feelings of inextinguish- able hatred. The character of Rush appears wholly bad, without one redeeming feature. There is little doubt of his having repeatedly committed murder, and contemplated shedding " far more blood," and becoming " worse to make his title good." The tales of seduction we have related are only a part of those of which he was the hero. The various actions brought against him by Mr Jermy, and the suit which he promoted against that gentleman on the title to the Stanfield Hall property, as well as the circumstances of his bankruptcy, show him to have been fraudulent in the last degree ; and he did not hesitate to commit forgery to gain his end, even when that end was the plunder of his children. To crown all, he was a hypocrite — attending regu- larly both to gthe public and private ordinances of religion. The particulars of the crime for which he suffered were given so fully in our abstract of his trial, that they need not be repeated. It remains only to re- late the closing scene of his life, and to mention the position of those who have been affected by his actions. Rush persisted to the last in denying his guilt, of which the chaplain of the gaol and the other clergy- men who attended him were so convinced, that they positively refused to administer the sacrament to him while be remained unconfessed and impenitent. He assumed the utmost composure — ate, drank, and slept well — declared himself happy and comfortable in body and mind. There is reason to believe, however, that he felt at times far more deeply than he was willing to admit. His last interview with his children was distressing in the extreme. He treated them with much affection, and most solemnly as- sured them of his innocence. It is said that the whole circumstances have operated so strongly on the mind of his eldest daughter, nearly twenty years of age, that she has fallen into an illness which is likely to terminate fatally. The crowd assembled to witness his execution was immense. The number of persons is variously esti- mated at from twelve to twenty thousand. The scaffold was erected on the bridge leading from the castle at Warwick to the market-place — a most com- manding position — and a somewhat theatrical effect was given to the dreadful ceremony by the hoisting of an immense black flag above the entrance. A levity of manner was noticed in Rush during the whole time of his imprisonment, and it rather increased towards the last. After his condemnation he enquired of the gaoler if he thought " the Queen would be in a hurry to hang him ?" On the morn- ing of his execution, after leaving the chapel, he went into the prison yard and washed his face and hands and the back of his neck with cold water at the pump. From the prison yard he was conducted to the room of one of the turnkeys, where Calcraft, the executioner, was waiting to receive him. On observing him, Rush said, "Is this the man who is to perform this duty?" To which the governor of the castle replied that it was. Caldercraft then de- sired him to sit down, which he did, and the opera- tion of pinioning commenced. The prisoner, who appeared perfectly calm and collected, said with a shrug, " This don't go easy, I don't want the cord to hurt me." His request was complied with, and the rope was moved a little to give him relief. He then said that he was comfortable, and the sad pro- cession having been formed, he was conducted to his doom. The death knell began to toll from the spire of St Peter's Mancroft, and shortly after twelve o'clock the dreadful procession emerged from the Castle, and took its way to the drop. First came the she- riffs and javelin men, and then followed the convict, attended by the governor and executioner ; on their way they were met by the chaplain, who read the funeral service with a loud voice. The wretched prisoner moved along with great firmness. He was dressed in black, wore patent leather boots, and had his shirt collar, which was scrupulously clean, turned over. As his head was bare the features of his face could be distinctly marked. They had undergone no perceptible change since his trial. Perhaps he might have looked somewhat paler, but his deter- mined expression had not changed, and the man was in all respects the same unwavering, resolute being, who for six days conducted his own defence in a court of justice, though oppressed, not only by the conviction of his enormous guilt, but also by the knowledge that it had been so clearly brought home to him. His step never faltered, and he regularly marched to his doom. On catching sight of the scaffold he lifted his eyes to Heaven, raised as far as he could his pinioned hands, and shook his head mournfully from side to side, once or twice. The pantomime was perfect, conveying almost as clearly as words a protest of innocence, combined with re- signation to his fate. As he walked along he beck- oned to the governor of the castle, who was imme- diately by his side, and said, '"Mr Pinson, I have a last request to make to you. It is that the bolt may be withdrawn while the chaplain is reading the be- nediction— ' The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with us all evermore.' " The wretched man then mounted the scaffold, but instead of looking to the crowd without turned his face to the Castle walls. Calcraft immediately drew the white nightcap over his head, and fas- tening the fatal rope to the beam, adjusted the noose to his neck. The unhappy man, even at this dreadful moment, had not lost his coolness. " This does not go easy " he said, " put the thing a little higher — take your time — don't be in a hurry." These were his last words. The rope was in the right place — the drop fell — and in an instant the murderer was dead. No struggle en- sued, and the dreadful ceremony was performed as quickly and well as is practicable, and with fewer revolting circumstances than usual. During the whole time the crowd without maintained a solemn silence, and the only sounds that accom- panied the fall of the body, and jerking of the tightened rope, were one or two faint shrieks. After being suspended for one hour it was cut down and carried back to the Castle on a litter. There a cast was taken from it, after which it was placed in a shell previous to interment within the precincts. At five o'clock the features had un- dergone so great a change that no one could re- cognise them. The hair had then been shaved off, and the craniological development might be ac- curately observed. The appearances presented certainly seemed to justify the verdict of the jury. Among other statements made by the governor, it appears that Rush wrote a letter to the Queen, but finding that he could not send it out of the prison without the knowledge of the governor, he destroyed it. The prisoner has not left behind him any letters of consequence, and none of them approach to anything like a confession of his guilt. He was buried at eight o'clock at night in a deep grave in the prison grounds, next to the re- mains of Yarham, who was executed four years since for the Yarmouth murder. Mrs Jermy, daughter-in-law of the elder, and wife of the younger of the two gentlemen mur- dered by Rush, continued in a state of great weak- ness from her wounds, and the dreadful mental shock she had sustained, but hopes were enter- tained of her recovery. By the will of Mr Jermy, which has since been proved, she and his sur- viving children are well provided for. Besides his freehold estates, his personal property amounted to £14,000. Eliza Chestney (the servant) was also progress- ing favorably, and had not suffered from the jour- ney to Norwich on the occasion of the trial. A considerable sum was subscribed for her future support. The unfortunate girl, Emily Sandford has also been charitably remembered by those who pity her miserable condition, and think her punishment already sufficient for her early fault. Lord Lei- cester, Lord Hastings, Mr Buckworth, and others headed a subscription list tor her, and there is reason to suppose she will be placed in a position to avoid future temptation, and so to bring up the murderer's son that be may make some amends for his father's he nous guilt. In passing from this painful subject, we may observe that the general feeling in England against capital punishments, and especially against public executions, has been greatly increased by the many dreadful exhibitions consequent on re- cent murders. It is not in the case of Rush, or in that of Sarah Harriet Thomas, hanged the day before at Bristol, there were any extunating cirtcumstances — in neither was there the slightesgt ground for pardon, while, the law remained un- changed. But it is against the system itself that the public voice is raised. Rational men ask whether the open and cold blooded strangling of a screaming girl, or the impenitent death of a har- dened ruffian, are in any way likely to cherish humane feelings or increase the dread of murder ; and they ask, whether if a soul be so stained with guilt as to be deemed unfit even for earth, we have the right to plunge it into eternity — to abridge the time the Creator had allowed for repentance — to avenge the hurrying of one soul perhaps to Heaven, by forcing another into Hell. 