A VIEW TBS ART OF COLONIZATION WITH PRESENT REFERENCE TO THE BRITISH EMPIRE ; IN LETTERS BETWEEN A STATESMAN AND A COLONIST. Edited by (one of the writers ) Ed- ward Gibbon Wakefield. LONDON : JOHN W. PARKER, WEST STRAND 1849. LETTER XXXVI.—( Continued.) Tlili spoiling li very conspicuous in the weakness of the Colonial Office at home, not withstanding its despotic authority abroad. It Is a government In the wrong place ; a ' government seated in a foreign country. Not having been formed by the communities whose government it is, not even breathing the same air with them, it wants the strength which a domestic government derives from it nationality. The nation which surrounds It. scarcely recollects its existence. As a go vernment, therefore, It is like a tree without roots, all stem and branches, apt to be bent any way. As a machine of government, the forces by which it is moved or stayed are quite insignificant when compared with the power they Influence. If ever the Colonial . Office originates a scheme of policy, it seldom pursues it consistently to the end. It sets : off in one direction, and takes another the moment some interest, or clique, or associa tion in this country strongly objects to the first conrse. At one time, the West-India Body in England suggests what it shall do ; at another, the Anti-Slavery Society impels it. To-day Its measures originate with some Canada merchants in London; to-morrow it abandons these measures, and pursues others . of an opposite tendency at the instance of oms London newspaper. At the instigation of' a missionary society it all but made New- Zealand a convict colony of France ; and then yielding to the remonstrances of a joint-stock company, it established the British sovereignty which it had just before loudly repudiated. For awhile the Company led it to favour colonization ; but ere long the anti- colonizing views of the Society again pre- vailed with it ; and of late years its policy as to New Zealand has been an alternation of shuttlecock flights between the battledores of Silisbury-Square and Broad- Street- Bali dings. It even yields to individual pressure, such as no other department would heed or feel ; such as no domestic government would tolerate. Conscious of feebleness arising from the want of a public on the spot to sua- tain it In doing wrong— fully aware of its own unpopularity as a bureaucratic institution In a free eonotry — well acquainted with the facilities which the free preas and the free institutions of this country afford for pressing it disagreeably— the Colonial Office but faintly resists anybody who may choose to make a busioess of pressing it. A list of the indi viduals who have made this their business . during the last twenty years, would not be very short, and might be given with chapter . and verse for what each of them successfully pressed it to do, undo, or leave undone. The whole would form a book of directions for fu ture meddlers in colonial affairs. They would learn from Its pages bow easy it is for even the most obscure person, if he resides here sets about the work in earnest, to prompt or thwart the policies of the Colonial Office, to suggest or overturn Its decisions, to get its servants appointed or recalled, and to give the great bureaucracy more trouble in a year than it ever spontaneously bestowed on the _) distant colonies in five. Verily the Colonial Office would be at least race self-impelled if it were seated in Russia or St Helena. The spoiling of a bureaucratic institution by seating it in a free country, is more fully seen on examining the defective instruments by which the power of the Colonial Office is administered at a distance. These are, first, officers sent out to the colonies, and secondlv, instructions for their guidance. But it "is time to close this letter. LETTER XXXVII. FROM THE COLONIST. Made of appointing public functionaries fw theeoloniet. — Government by imtruction — Jesuitical conduct of the Colonial Office —A colonial office conscience exemplified by lard Grey — Proposed tabular statis tics of Despatches in the Colonial Office. Thb officers are not a peculiar class, brought . op to their peculiar business, like members " of the'varioui professions and servants of the 'East India Company. Some of them are picked up, one scarcely knows how ; for it is difficult to say by what means they get their appointments, unless it be that, having broken down in some -regular profession or having taken a dislike to it, they are in want of a provision and gain it in the colonies by dint of importunity. Others, and these are a very numerous class, owe their appointments to Peers and Members of Parliament, who having poor relations to provide for, or electioneering obligations to pay off, seldom think of the colonies, but as Mr. O'Conneil wrote about I them in that letter which I have already I noticed. The Treaaury has a share of the patronage, the Admiralty another, the Horse-Guards a third, and the Board of Ordnance comes for pickings. How would a Prussian bureau have worked with scarcely a voice in the selection of its own instruments ? With the real disposers of colonial patronage, fitness is the last consideration ; and, what is still worse, inasmuch as there is no publ'c at home taking an interest in colonial affairs, colonial patronage becomes the refuge for men, whose unfitness for any office whatever forbids their employment by departments which public opinion contro's as well as sus tains. Those other departments make a con venience of the Colonial Office: the patro nage of the colonies is the receptacle into which they cast their own importunate but very incompetent applicants for public employment The great bulk, accordingly,, of thoie whom we send out to the colonies to administer go- vernment, even those appointed to the highest offices, are signally unfit for the duties imposed on them. On this point it is needless to odd a word to what lias been said before. But there are exceptions, more especially as to governors, somes ;by design, oftener by accident. 91nce the rebellion in Canada, the governors of that province havo been men of experience and high reputation In public life. Lord Durham was sacrificed by the Colonial Office, which In its miserable weakness let him fall a victim to party atrlfe at home. Lord Sydenham, as Govenor of Canada, used to speak openly with aversion and contempt of the permanent or bureaucratic part of the Colonial Office, and to boast with justice of his sole reliance for support in Englond, on Ids party connexions there, and Lord John -Russell's private friendship. S r Charles Bagot, who, I fully believe, preserved the colony to England by a bold and startling measure, seemed to die of the supposed though unpublished disap proval by the Col-mial Office of n policy which delighted precisely ten-elevenths of the piovinclal representative body. The daunt less self-reliance of the last Governor of Ca nada mads him earliest of support from any quarter, and even gave him a sort of mastery over the Colonial Office ; but his successors, since there arc not two Lord Mctcalfes, may painfully learn that a department, itself un supported by public opinion, !b always apt to withhold support from its servants at the very time when the need it most. Next as to the instructions. These are ne cessarily written, on account of the distance . What is the subject of them P All the pub lic concerns of about forty distinct communi ties, scattered over the world, and comprising and endless diversity of languages, Uws, re ligions, customs, wants, and economical cir cumstances. For writing statistically or theoretically, and but once, on so vast and varied a theme, the knowledge of the wisest of mankind would be insufficient ; a thousand sages would be incapable of writing upon it continually in the form of useful practical di rections. Who is it that wiites, I need not repeat. And what is it that is written P It is legislation mandate. The commission of every governor now-a- days enjoins him to rule according to the instructions which lie shall receive from Downing-street, In the bureaucratic colonies, instructions from Dow- nlng-itre»t have the force of Acts of Parlia- ment : in tnc representative colonies, inc governor, being himself a branch of the lc- gislatu.e as well as the head of the executive, is bound to obey them implicitly. Instruc tions written in Downing-street really con- stintf, the main instrument of government for our vast colonial empire. We have sub jected a large portion of the world to none of the old forms of government, but to some thing which differs altogether from monarchy, aristocracy, democracy, and every combina tion of these three. Government by instruc tions .' This institution is so little known ex cept to colonists and colonizers, that a mem ber of both classes may be excused for at tempting to describe it. Legislation and mandate must be founded on information of some kind. When these tilt the character and wants of a people, the largest portion of the business of government consists in gathering and shifting of informa tion. In Prussia, the work used ts be done' by a vast and well-ordered official establish ment ; it is done in England, though in some measure by official means, still ebiefly by petitions to Parliament, by debates In Parlia ment, and above all by the press, quarterly monthly, weekly, dsily, morning and even ing, and extra- editional j for the colonies, it purports to be done by the reports of gover nors. A governor's reports, and the instruc tions founded on information derived from them, form a correspondence legislative and executive. In this potent interchange of let ters, months elapse, in some cases twelve months, before an answer can come by return of the post. Without reverting to the character and position of the writers on both sides, it is obvious that government by in structions must be a great make-believe of good government. Cases indeed happen, but every honest governor or intelligent colonist would declare them to be extraordinary cases, in which something useful is done for a co lony by means of instructions from Downing- street. Allowing for these rare exceptions, Colonial-Office instructions are either mis chievous or inoperative. When founded on a wrong or imperfect view of things in the co lony, as must be the case nine times out of ten, they are mischievous if executed. If mischievous in character, but not execuled by a governor of sense and courage, they are still mischievous in effect, by worrying the governor, irritating the colonists, and expos ing the supreme authority tolittle less odium than it ineurs when mischievous instructions are executed by a dull or timid governor. The proportion of inoperative instructions is immense. They are inoperative from having been outrun by time and events, or from some other inapplicability to things real in the co lony. Why then write at all, except in the few cases where there is a clear necessity for writing, and good assurance that the trouble will not be lost ? Because, in fact, the trouble is not lost as respects the writers. Real govrnment of the colonies from London is impossible, but an appearance of governing must be kept up for the sake of the impor tance and dignity of the Office. The new head of the Office (and the bead of the Office is always more or less new) likes to sign well-written dispatches which may figure in a blue-book ; and the writer of them takes a pleasure in giving this satisfaction to iiis chief. Both classes like the sem blance of governing. The writing, therefore, of inoperative despatches is not labour lost ; but it is mischievous nevertheless. I have seen the House of Assembly in Canada incapable of restraining their mirth, whilst the Speaker was gravely reading instructions to the Governor which his Excellency had been desired to communicate to them : they laughed at the ludicrous inapplicability to Canada, of the views expounded in these dispatches, at the dock-yard people at Kings ton on Ontario, laughed at the arrival from England of a consignment of water-casks for the use of ships floating on the fresh-water lake. Considering that these despatches were written in the name of the imperial Sovereign, this disrespectful treatment of them was surely very mischievous. The official necessity of writing, moreover, combined with the difficulty of writing for practical purposes, has begotten the custom of writing didactically. Long theories of phi lanthropy and political iconomy are pro pounded in despatches. A pamphlet printed in I/>ndon, and consisting of the opinions of the writ-.r concerning the abori gines of New Zealand, was transcribed, of course without acknowledgement, into the form of a didactic despatch. Certain theories of the Colonial Office versus the opinions of the last Committee of the House of Commons on New Z'alsnd, were elabourately set forth in the shape of instructions to Governor Fitz- roy, whose own theories were known to be identical with those contained in the despatch. Some twelve years ago, in a circular despatch addressed to the governors of the West-India Colonies, I met with a new theory of my own which had been published anonymously not long before. The subject was of vital impor- tance to the West Indies ; and the theory pointed to_ measures which the colonists anxi ously desired. Seeing my humble notions dressed up in the ornaments of the best official style, and dignified with the semblance of original thoughts formed in the brain of the Colonial Minister, I innocently concluied that something to be sure would come of it. And something did come of it. The wrll- written despatch was published here for the credit of the office ; and the colonists soon discovered that all the fine promises It held out to them were nothing but what they dis respectfully called Colonial. Office flummery. How the fact was I cannot know ; but I can assure you that In Canada, the despatch of the Colonial Office which led to the British- Canada Corn Act, was originally deemed nothing but a piece of didactic writing. The leading colonists still pride themselves on having converted mere compliment into a va luable reality, by treating it as if it had been a practical suggestion. If this despatch was not written at the Instance of the Cabinet at In about twenty veari, there have been thirteen Principal Secretsriee of State for the Colonies; Bathurst, Huskisson, Murray, Goderlch, Stanley, Spring Rice, Aberdeen, Glenelg, Normanby, John Rutsil, Stanley again, Gladstone, and Grey. home, with a deliberate view to the admission of American wheat through Canada into Eng land at a fixed duty of four shillings per quarter, it was what the colonists believed it to be ; and at any rate, their belief shows that this kind of instruction cannot bo very uncommon. The first governor of New Zea land received a body of genera) instructions, which every reader of thorn must pronounce ' admirable in doctrine, tone, and expression. Tito local government read them by the rule of contraries, having for years pursued a line of conduct just opposite to their particular suggestions and general tenour. Did punish ment or censure follow P No, nor complaint, nor even a word of notice. These in structions were of the didactic kind, not intended for effect save in n blue-book. Figuring there, they had the effect of in ducing a superior class of persons to emigrate, witli the hope of doing well under a govern ment so admirably taught. I could name several who were led to ruin by their credulous reliance on that didactic dispatch. Then there is a class of despatches which may be properly termed the obscure. Time will be saved in descrlbing'them by first quot- ing an autnor wno is nimseit one 01 me noiesi writers of Colonial-Office despatches. In his very clever and entertaining book, called The Statesman which wo are told " treats of topics such as experience rather than inventive medi tation suggested to him," he says that the " far greater proportion of the duties which are performed in the office of a minister, are and must be performed under no effective re sponsibility that there are " means and shifts by which the business of the office may be reduced within a very manageable compass without creating public scandal ;" and that by these arts the doer of the business " may obtain for himself the most valuable of alt re putations in this line of life, that of a ' safe man.' " The means and shifts are " by eva ding decisions wherever they can be evaded by shifting them on other departments where by any possibility ttiey can be shifted i by giving decisions upon superficial examina tions, categorically, so as not to expose the superficiality in propounding the reasons ; by deferring questions till, as Lord Bacon says, they resolve themselves by undertak ing nothing for the public good which the public voice does not call for ; by con ciliating loud and energetic individuals at the expense of such public interests as arc dumb or do not attract attention ; and by sacrificing everywhere what is feeble and obscure to what is influential and cognizable." Obscure des patches are commonly written in answer to despatches from governors desirous of escap ing responsibility and filing it on the Office ; and their object is to save the Office from res ponsibility and tix'ng it on the governors. The writing of them has begotten n style peculiar to the Colonial Office ; a style founded on that view of langnage which supposes that it was given to us for the purpose of conceal ing our thoughts ; the style which says as little as possible by means of a great quantity of words. I once heard two ex-governors, both of them men of ability, who have since held very high appointments, tilk over the subject or Colonial Office instructions. One of th»m said, that he had often received long despatches, the meaning of which lie never could make out, though lie read them over and over again. Well, aaid the other, and what did you do with them P At length re plied the first, I made a guess at the meaning and acted accordingly. Like you, said the second, I have often striven in vain to find out the meaning of a despatch, and have ended with a guess ; but, unlike you, I further con jectured that these obscure directions were intended to get the Office out of scrape and me into it ; wherefore, instead of acting on my guess, I did the reverse. It is only fair to state that lie had quarrelled with the Office and resigned his governorship ; but in snrakinc so ilisresncctfulli- of his farmer masters, he differs from most other governors, and resembles colonists in general, only by the frank expression of his contempt and hatred. Such feelings are indeed excited by two other classes of instructions. I mean those which are confidential. or secret, and those in which words with more than one meaning are studi ously employed. They somet'mes differ materially from published instructions on the same subject. A flagrant instance of this kind came to light daring the New Zealand controversy ; and considering what a large proportion of such cases must necessarily br buried in darkness, the number of them that are known is dismally great. Among " the shifts and means" by the p.actice of which, says the author of The Statesman, " men in office have their understandings abused and debased, their sense of justice corrupted, their public spirit and appreciation of public objects undermined'' is the use of words witli a double meaning. The object is not, and cannot he, anything but double dealing : it is the shift of the " safe man,' who foresees a future conve nience to his office in being able to give to give to official language an interpretation different from its primd facie meaning. Several tricks of this s.irt enme out in the course of the New Zealand controversy. They may be uncommon ; but enough have become public to create an opinion on ttie subject even in this country : it was expressed in the House of Commons, when dicers succeeded the proposal that the following words of a New Zealand savage, addresicd to her Majesty's representative in the co'.ony, should be in scribed on the Colonial Office, "Speak your words openly ; speik as you mean to act ; do not speak one thing, and m an another." The cheering took piece in Ixird Stanley's time. Among the loudest in thus denouncing the habitual trickery of the Colonial Office, was the present Colonial Minister ; but in bis time certainly the department has fully main tained its reputation for being addicted to double-dealing. Indeed, the "smartness'' of the genius loci is remarkably exemplified by Lord Grey, who notwithstanding the high honour of his father's son, has learned In the great house at the bottom of Downing- street, first, to contend without a blush, that it Is perfectly fair and right to quote parts of dis patches, which taken without their context support your own side of a question, and de liberately to suppress other parts which up hold the opposite side ; and secondly, to simu late In public, that he is carrying into execu tion the plans of colonial reform of which out of office lie was the zealous advocate, which ids subordinates and his own want of practical ability have pieventod him from realizing, and of which, therefore, lie Is in private and in truth as bitter a foe as was over renegado 10 the faith he had deserted. It must be a Colonlal-Gifice conscience that permits recourse to sucli tricks. In Mr. Tay- or's Statesman, there Is a chapter, which lie says that he wrote with" a trembling hind." It consists of an elborato and very Ingenious plea-ling in favor of allowing statesmen to be guided by two consciences ; one for private, atul the other for public life ; one honest, the other as dishonest as the statesman himself shall think proper. In this chapter he says, " 1 estimate the consequcnccB of relaxing the law of truth in private lifo to show a vast ba lance of evil ; and l lie consequence of relaxing that law In public life to show a serious array of evil certainly i hut I hesitate to say a Ira lance." < Falsehood ceases to he The Statesman. By Henry Taylor, Esq. V8B6. . falsehood when it is undct stood on all hands that the truth is not expected to he spoken." "A statesman is en gaged, certainly, in n field of action which is one of great danger to truthfulness and sin cerity. His conscience walks, too. like the ghost of a conscience, in darkness or twilight.'' o e ii Upon the whole, therefore, I come to the conclusion, that the cause of public mo rality will be best served by moralists per mitting to statesmen, what statesmen must necessarily take and exercise— a free judg ment, namely, though u most responsible one, in the weighing of specific ngunst general evil, and in the perception of perfect and im perfect analogies between public and private transactions, in respect of the moral rules by which they are to be governed." And in another rhaptor he siys, " it will be found to be better for the public interests that a states man should have same hardih off, than much sensibility of conscience.'' Botli freedom of judgment in questions of official morality, and hardihood of conscbnce tool Bravo, Mr. Taylor I Why should you blush Lord Grey P Oh, for a Pascal to write Lettres Provinci ates about Colonial -Office doctrine as given io ine worm uy mcmuers oi inu s-uiumai Office 1 But the greater part of despatches never sec the light, without being marked secret or con fidential. Whether any despatch, either from the Office to a Governor or from a Governor to the Office, shall ever be published either here or in the colonies, depends altogether on the pleasure of the Office. The whole corres pondence, indeed, remains unseen except by those who write it, and excepting the very small proportion of it for which the Office gives directions. The colonies, therefore, arc ruled by a legislative and executive power, which has an absolute choice between making known nnd utterly concealing all the grounds of its laws and orders. The portion of them which it does not conceal, is of course veiy small If a return were made to the House of Com mons of all despatches written and received by the Colonial Office during the last ten years, distinguishing the published from the unpub lished, 1 suspect that not less than nine- tenths would appear in the latter class ; and of the remaining tenth it wonld turn out tliat a large proportion had not been publish d till they belonged to the past. The ill results of this part of the system would form a separate and very Important chapter. Another would be the very mischievous tin- cerainty and delay of legislation by means of despatches wh ther published or not. The best illustrali ,n of this point would be a n turn for ten years of all despatches "icceived by or seat from the Colonial Office, with the date of each, the date of Its receipt, date of the ack nowledgement of its receipt, and the date of any substantial answer to it ; together with an enumeration of the despatches which have never been substantially answered, and such a bri-f statement of the topics of the same as would enable the House of Commons to judge whether a substantial answer was required. But if such a return were deemed too com plicated. a statement of the mere number of i despatches received by the Colonial Office in one year, would tell a sufficient tile. In the j single year 1840, the Colonial Office of Paris received from the single dependency of Algeria no l civil, independently of militnry affairs j 538 a week, or 80 a day, not reckoning Sundays. At what rate do our forty dependencies supply our Colonial Office with despatches P The Algerian rate gives 1,120,000 a year; 3,578 for every working day. Supposing, how ever, that each of our dependencies produces on the average no more In a year than Al geria does in a week, namely 538 per week, or 28,000 in a year, which must be vastly below the true mark, there arc figures enough to assure us that a large proportion of despatches from the colonics cannot by possibility ho substantially antvnroil Tint the most monstrous return in point of figures, and the most useful in point of instruction, would be one which is indeed impracticable ; namely, an account of the number of eases in n year, in which something that ought to have been done in the colonics was left undone because a dispatch was not even written. And, lastly, with respect to instructions, I have not' said a word about the public injury and private: wrongs inflicted on thr colonists, by the most prompt execution of those which arc written In ignorance or' on false information. This topic is too large for this place ; but its absence for that rea son will suggest reflections which may there fore be spared. 