ENGLISH. THE ISLAY ESTATES.— The princely estates of Campbell of Islay are this week (August 11,) to be exposed for sale. The Islay Tontine Life Association propose to purchase the splendid properties, now returning £20,000 a-year— a rental which is said to be totally disproportionate to the real value of the estate, which comprises 140,000 acres of good soil— by a capital of 12,000 £50 shares, each shareholder to nominate a life ; the whole body of nominees to be assured out of the rental, so as to return every subscriber's investment as his nominee lapses ; to divide the accumulated balance of rental among the surviving shareholders ; to engraft on the assurance of the 12,000 nominees, for the benefit of the share- holders, a general life assurance business, having also the guarantee of the landed property, the last surviving shareholder to inherit the estates. The property is said to be very improvable, and the basis of the proposed Tontine and Life Office is affirmed to be sound and extensive enough to insure a large and legitimate success. AN ACT FOR THE RELIEF OF TRUSTEES.— An Act was passed in the late session (12 and 13 Victoria, c. 74) for granting farther relief to trustees. By the Act 10 and 11 Vic, c. 90, trustees were authorised to pay money into the Court of Chancery in discharge of their trusts ; and by the present statute it is enacted that, if, upon any petition presented to the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls, in the matter of the said Act, it shall appear that any monies, annuities, stocks, or securities, are vested in any person as trustees, executors, or administrators, or otherwise upon trust, and that the major part of such persons are desirous of transferring, paying, or delivering the same to the Accountant-General, but that, for any reason, the concurrence of the other or others of them cannot be had, it shall be lawful to such Judge to order and direct such transfer, payment, or delivery to be made by the major part of such persons without the concurrence of the other or others of them. This Act supplies a material defect in the other, and enables the majority of trustees to act in their own relief without the concurrence of all trustees. IRELAND.— The Queen's reception has more than fulfilled the loyal anticipations of the Ministers who advised the visit. We should think also that it has even more than answered the expectations of her Majesty herself. Wherever her Majesty has appeared in Ireland, the most enthusiastic welcome has greeted her progress. She is the first British Queen that over trod the Irish soil, and the second Monarch of Great Britain that ever went into that portion of the empire with other than hostile and warlike intent. The Irish people, downcast and humbled as they have been by the heavy hand of adversity and sorrow, have warm hearts for all kindly emotions ; and they have felt that her Majesty's visit was one of confideuce, affection, good-will, and peace. They were loyal before Queen Victoria appeared among them. At present their loyalty reaches a point of zeal, devotion, and enthusiasm which, had they been predicted six months ago as likely to be the result of the visit, would have been considered improbable and extravagant, if not impossible. We will not indulge in the anticipation that the visit will heal the many and deep wounds of Ireland land- that it will altogether still the rude voice of faction-or that the troubled waters of political strife, upon which the oil has fallen, will never again be stirred into their former commotion; but this much is certain-one faction will receive and indeed has received its death-blow from the event. Not only is Repeal dead, but the very ghost of Repeal is extinct- defunct-annihilated. It is to be hoped that other factions will learn 'that henceforward the Irish and English people are one, their interests are one, their calamities one, and their prosperity one ; and that, for the future, ceasing to look with their former distrust upon each other, they will learn that political strife and religious animosities are the greatest of all enemies to the social well-being of any people whatsoever. Her Majesty has done more by her kindly visit, and by her frank and affable demeanour to reconcile differences, and to unite all classes in support of the Throne and of the laws than, all the efforts of all the statesmen of the present century have been able to effect ; and we only give expression to the general feeling, when we breathe the hope that a new era of confidence has begun, of which in due time rege- nerated Ireland will reap the happy fruits. The ravages of the present war in Hungary are bitterly experienced in Peth and Buda, where provisions are extraordinarily dear; a pound of coffee costs from 3fl to 4fl. (7½f. to 10f.) a pound of sugar from 4fl to 5fl. ; a potato 18c. to 20c. The cholera also continues to make great ravages. The Bill which was in Parliament to effect the abolition of the Grand Jury system within the metropolitan police district was amongst the measures abandoned for the present year. On Saturday, July 21, a bottle was washed on shore at Queensborough, Kent. It contained a slip of paper hastily torn off a serial publication, written with lead pencil, and related to that ill fated steam-ship the President, on board of which was the late lamented actor Power. It stated that the immediate destruction of the vessel and passengers was inevitable. The slip of paper is in the possession of the landlord of the first public house, Northside, Queensborough. At Alton, on the Mississippi, such is the fear of the cholera, that the inhabitants have placed cannon on the wharf, to prevent the landing of the emigrants until they have been quarantined. BISHOP OF EXETER.— The Bishop of Exeter has commenced proceedings against the Rev. Charles Rothes, under the Act for the better enforcing church discipline, and that gentleman has already been served with notice thereof. GORHAM v. THE BISHOP OF EXETER.— Sir H. Jenner Fust has delivered his judgment in this oaso in the Arches Court. The plaintiff was ap- pointed vicar of St. Just, Cornwall, in 1846, by the then Lord Chancellor, and was regularly insti- tuted by the Bishop. In 1847, Mr. Gorham was Íiresented by the present Lord Chancellor to the iving of Bamford Speko, in the same diocese, to which the Bishop of Exeter refused to admit him, on the ground of unsound doctrine as regards baptism. Tho judgment was very long At its conclusion Sir Herbert said the point to be deter- mined was, did or did not the Church of England hold the doctrine of baptismal regeneration ? Un- doubtedly it did. Did Mr. Gorham deny the truth of that doctrine ? It was clear from the whole tenor of the examination that such was the case. The Bishop therefore had shown sufficient cause for not instituting Mr. Gorham to the living of Bamford Speke, and he must consequently be dismissed with his costs. Notice of appeal was given. The Railway Commissioners have recommended that the national gauge of 4ft. 8½in. be adopted on the projected Australian lines, in preference to that of 5ft. 3in. proposed by Lord Grey. THE FRANKLIN EXPEDITION.— Everyone will be concerned to hear that a despatch has arrived at the Admiralty from Sir John Richardson, with- out any news of Sir John Franklin. The expe- dition had traversed the coast from the Mackenzie and Coppermine Rivers ; but the Esquimaux all declared that no white men had made their appearance. Unfortunately the ico set in unusually strong, and prevented the expedition from pro- ceeding beyond Icy Cove, to the north of Cape Kendal, just as it was on the point of exploring a most interesting region. Thus, for the present all hope is cut off of discovering the lost voyagers. Our only consolation is in the gain to science, for the search for Captain Franklin has brought to light many interesting facts respecting the inhos- pitable regions of Arctic America. It is now confidently stated that Mr. Hudson will not retire from the representation of Sunder- land. We hear that an offer has been made, on the part of that gentleman, to settle all matters with the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company, by the payment of a certain sum ; and, further, that this offer is,likely to be accepted, rather than have resort to the only alternative — that of seeking a remedy in the Court of Chancery. 