GEELONGGONG. AN EXTRAVAGANZA, oa vajic1cal sattr. In ons At f. i durarts psssosa. I Colonist A new Chum. Justice Wronghead A Functionary. ' Billy Ballots... A Printer Devil. Ghost of the old Chronicle, Ac., &c.; x5tk0ucct0rt rrmabxb. Among the ancient dramatists who have | bequeathed to immortality the invaluable ; relics of their genius, the names of £ecbylus : aod Euripedes cnqueislionably stand on the , highest grade of the illuminated scale. .E:chjlus — who filled with delighted awe the higher ranks at Athena, wax bot shore moulding «na enimiining mo Ainenians oy his Satyric dramas : for afler exciting the sympathies nf his terrified audience with the superhuman sufferings of Lis " Promrlheos" in bond, he sent them horoc roaring at the extravagancies of Promethcoa" tJte lampKpkter. It maj be necessary here to remark that the Satyric drama of the Ancients was by do means confounded with the Roman Satire ; the only similarity (hat existed was the ac cidental one of sound in tbeir names. Satire was the powerful vehicle of Roman wit and soreesm invented by Lucillas, and immor talized by the sweetest of 1 jtin poets j while Satyrs were certain kinds Of farces — com posed of grotesque grouping of character, and dressing oat fantastic ideas In grandilo quent language. Eichjlai found it ad- visable to adopt these Satyrs or Extrava ganzas ; — and, at one period werv tra gedy io Alhen was succeeded by a Satvr,as regularly as a farce snccoeds tragedy or our own stage. Shakespeare, who embodied in language, better than any other creature made of perishable day, the higher passions of the human mind, scorn vd oot, amid his loftiest delineations, to stoop to the droll realities of common lire. Zl is at oncf frknovleded that tho characters in the following sketch arc not drawn from lofty realities ; but the ludicrous positions they hare placed themselves in, by their own i nonage mtnf, would require, in re presentation, all the alnll, the antics, tho clownship and tbe pantaloonism of either " Prometheus tho lamplighter or old Gri- maldi of immortal memory. Of the Extravaganza of the Andcnfs, "the Cyclops" of Ecripcdes_is the only pocimen left — bot flop— the scene opens— lar sours — a rosuc ornci. ErJer Billy BmZUU, ringing, Gtdong- w 04 7 eoAo( a raw." Whack, for tbe fan of a tidy bit ofthlmble- riffgwff— Hajxtng hov the Hedilor with ears so long 1 Dash my vig if this U not far better than a oockeUprigging— A black Viiog bov the Papists in the G eelonggong. What a muff— a dlty hoof, is Bumpkin Bubble after all : Publishing his bullet-racket, doom it like castor boil ; Green -una cwaliow t hoff like fan, and take another cap again 4 While the namby-pamby heditor is forcd to throw it up again. So, whack, for the fan 1 Ac., Ac. What a rout has run about tho bullets and the letter "box, Wifh silly Bobble's vcrnou boH —it went ding dong ; Colonists and Arguses, and hev'ry hopelcas datter-box Had open shop a week or more for Gee- loaggoag. Utile did they think that Billy very soon would blow It all — 'Cos they wuda't tip the tin, he wrote a song to shew It all, How they plann'd the bullet racket, for a dodge the villsSneat, An how the bubble 'xploded then, an fairly damr'd (he Colonist. Ob, whack, for the fun I Ac., Ac. Enter Gkort of Uu Chronicle. Oh! Lor, Lor J— what is that? I'm blow'd if it alnt the old Chronicle's ghost. Oh, crickey, crickey ! —Mooter Chrocude, weai dy« wast 7 Tm only poor BB1/ Ballet, the Printer devil. I never wreagVS A yon in all my life, only when f got up IUn« 1 bits of boasca for the letter-bog, asne as J did about the bulieta meats towards the door). Ah, Mercy 1 Mercy 1 ! doo\ come ! any nearer. I'm dead — elean dead (gkoet still advances). Murder ! Murder ! ! (nuu off)— Ghost — Solus . When cold oblivion wraps Lhe letter 'd files. And none are found to breathe a word of grief: But rather say " 'twas time to be defunct I Whit wonder that the spectre of a name I 6hoold eceak about the prerincts, where so I lale 1 It gloried In the might of imitatire power — Ofoorrow'd wlnga, that only servM anooce, | Then powerien dropp'd. like water from a I cloud, ; For men to trample underneath their heels. Oh ! wfao would be a rampant critic now 7 To feel the Lath ofaysry loomed wit, 4 And see— and feel, be laughs at oae's i expense f | Curve 00 tbe sheet that first I ponn'd for . hire. And doubly fun 'd-— thai— was Dot pat ithf fire ! £sler Colonist. Avaont! thou twaddler with tbe sound ing dim of qaeeoty tide 00 thy braaeu brow ! How couMs't thou dare to prostitute a name. So Indicative of a mooarch\ grace, Bv vffifving columns, false as thine Thy ballet-bead, so queeriy always wrong, Well eorrtv the name of sHly Geeloog- OoZourf. Base, worthless apectre ! dost thou then presume To harrow up thine own notorious trash. From the doll rubbish of thy charnel slough 7 Away ! — thou weti not fit for any pis re, but one — Hence! to the shades 1 Away — lhou filthy cfcast ! Alive, or dead — the Chronicle is cursed. JZnter BxUy FwfleU, (steatbBv behind). He takes out a match and lights a sqeib that sets tbe office in a flame — the Colonist and the Ghost disappear, and Billy runs off tinging — Whack for tbe fun of a little bit, ie., &c.; 2ia> accwz — a -coDar taousc — swrmrrft itrsncR wwOxonrAt)— ox TRR BEBCR ! ! ! Wrongkead. — Talk not <0 me of a Colonist | Pre«— voor Colonials— yoor Areusre and, Pshaw ! - Quote me the Tmcs, or something with a name. II err, " I aro Sir Orarie j and when T Fpeak let no dog hark." Ahem ! (marmaring throughout the little court. x«t" r bii.lv ncilrrs. Billy Bullets May it please yoorVorship ! or T beg pardon, fiir Oracle. ( am a grmman hov the press, and I cannot stand in IhU court, and 'ear your Vor- ohip. Sir Oracle, speaking bo contempt- r""y'y (query cauteiuptuoasiy ?) erf" the Colonial ureas. €ir There miv kb somedonkeys for the dirty work of the Hargtu and the Coloxistand such like; but I mtinUlo that your Vorohip has no more right to pass a public censure on this arooant, on the whole Colonial Press, than I would have to asvrt (hat 11 (he magistrates of the district are donkeys, because your Vorship happens to be a leetlelong of the bears : ha, ha 1 Yoor Vorthlp vlll please to rcroat-k lhat when a magUtrafe stps hrmt hnv of his own proper Fnrnphere, it is fifty to one but somebody helse rill valk into his place. Talk about the Colonial press — J. IFronyJiecd— Silence Sir! I will not tolerate such language- I will commit vou Sir. Fiffy— Your Vorrfiip, T cannot be lian- gry if you do. since you have so often com mitted Yourself. J. Wroncend. — Away with film ! I charge him with contempt of Court. Billy— I'm ready your Vorshlp — quite r-M/t V n.lf T I OtlMU't ( he r nl4 mnd t bow to justice ; yet I drepite the roan who. But no— I pity him. I laugh at him: Billy rings — Whack, for the Ton of a little bit ofthlsnble- rigriog, Of Braziers who make -cannlsters and make them wrong — Of Magistrates with donkej pal, and printers devils at them wigging. Of Wrongbfuflt, and of Bobblehesds ut Greloagcrog, Corporation, Emigration, Separation's all ibe go> Fiddlestick, and t weedtKficknfi twaddle- utirki,1iow amall ihey grow 1 Every thing and every body goes by so inverted acalr — And mutton heata are chtyk by jowl 00 i benches that divert w well. Then, Whack, for the fun oT little hit of thimble rippinjj,&c.;, Ac. The (kitau drops j 