EVERY MAN HIS OWN LAWYER.' A CANDID acknowledgment of error is the' least reparation that can be made when in- advertent wrong is committed, and we hasten to correct a mistake in our last issue. We have undervalued the privilege of a proba- tioner to sue and to be sued. Proof has been placed in our hands sufficient to convince the most incredulous to the contrary, and we proceed to lay it before our readers. In July, 1847, George Blaxland Rogers, Gen- tleman and Esquire, as he terms himself, announced that he was about to publish a most important work, if we may judge of its value from the title. He condescended to patronise a tradesman in this town, and employed Mr. Henry Dowling to print 500 prospectuses, which were duly delivered, but unfortunately on credit. It is impossible to determine whether the book has been delayed by the refusal of the government printer of New South Wales to transmit a complete set of the acts of council without payment, or whether its non- appearance is to be attri buted to Mrs. McGregor, of Hobart Town, who declined to despatch a suit of clothes for the author, according to order. But it is certain that " EVERY MAN HIS OWN LAWYER" has not yet left the bookbinder's hands. It appears that Mr. Dowling, who had discovered that George Blaxland Rogers, Esquire, was tutor in a private family, and not entirely free from government control, sued that gentleman in the court of requests. The bill was not of large amount, but the printer was not disposed to submit to unne cessary loss. In December last a summons was duly issued, and to show how competent George Blaxland Rogers, Esquire, is to com pose the contemplated work, we subjoin his defence:- In the Court of Requests for the District of Launceston. Between Henry Dowling, plaintiff, and George Blaxland Rogers, sued as George Blaxland Rodgers, defendant. to detfnd this action for the following rea sons : 1\. That the defendant is not indebted to the plaintiff as by the said plaint is alleged. 2\. That the plaintiff did not perform any work and labor, or find any materials for the defendant, as is also alleged by the said plaint. 3\. That the said plaintiff never delivered to the defendant 500 prospectuses, men tioned in the particulars of his demand. 4\. That the defendant never ordered such 500 prospectuses to be printed. 5\. That the price set forth in the said particulars of demand is most exorbitant and unjust, and not sanctioned or allowed by the trade of printers in the island of Van Dienien's Land. 6\. That the defendant gives the plaintiff here to understand and be informed that by an act of council of this island, made and passed on the 27th day of March, 1846, it was enacted " That from and after the passing or that act no person should be taken or charged in execution upon any judgment obtained in the supreme court of Van Diemen's Land or in any court of requests in any action for the recovery of any debt wherein the sum recovered should not exceed the sum of £20, exclusive of the costs recovered in such judgment." 7\. That the defendant gives the plaintiff here also to understand and be informed that he hath no lands, tenements, heredita ments, goods, chattles, personal estate or effects in the island of Van Diemen's Land. -Dated this 30th day of January, 1849. GEORGE BLAXLAND ROGERS, the abore defendant. To Henry Dowling, the above plaintiff, and to Gleadow & Henty, attornies in his behalf. Upon perusing the above our readers will at once perceive that a retraction of our former opinion is necessary. A gentleman under the surveillance of government who can make a defence so admirable in all its points ought not to be deprived of the pri vilege. Had the comptroller-general ap peared in his place, and secured the aid of her Majesty's attorney and solicitor, the united wisdom and skill of the trio would have fallen far short of the tact and talent of the defendant. But the defence does not exhaust bh resources, It was not sufficient to deny indebtedness: to assert that the plain tiff had nnot performed the work : that he had nevrr delivered the prospectuses: that the defendant had never ordered them to be printed : that the charge is exorbitant : that he cann ? incarcerated for less than £20, and that he has " no lands, tenements, here ditaments;- goods, chattels, personal estate, and effects in the island." All this is not sufficient to display the profound knowledge, -legal arguments and professional knowledge of George Blaxland Rogers, Esquire. This fifty shilling case ought to be postponed, and the defendant proceeds in a formal manner to accomplish his object by due notice and ¬ affidavit;, Jenkinson-Bill Jenkinson is ab sent: He is a material witness, and until he return from his tour, it would be palpable injustice in the chairman to proceed to judgment. But here are the documents:- In the Court of Requests for the Police District of Launceston. Between Henry Dowling, plaintiff, and George Blaxiand Rogers, sued as George Blaxland Rodgers, defendant. I hereby give you notice that an appli cation will be made to the commissioner at the- sitting of the court, on Tuesday, the six 'day of 'March next, that the hearing ot hls cause may 'be put off till Tuesday, tli `third day ot 'April next, on account of the ;absence of a necessary and material witness, on the part of me the above defen danit:'. And that such application will be I grojnded upon an affidavit, a copy of which is hereunder written.-Dated this 26th day of February, 1849. GEORGE BLAXLAND ROGERS, The above defendunt. To Messrs. Gleadow' & lienty, Plaintiff's Attorneys. In the Court of Requests for the Police District of Launceston. Beiween Henry Dowling, plaintiff, and George Blaxland Rogers, sued as George Blaxland Rodgers, defendant. George Blaxland Rogers, of Curramore, in the island of Van Diemens Land,. ge ,tle tn' ", the abiove-named defendantint maketh oath aid saith that he was duly served.with a copy of a summons, issued out of this court, to appear in this court on Tuesday, the sixth day of March, 1849, to answer the plaint of the above-named plaintiff, whereby he sought to recover '£2 10s. for work, and labor, and materials found : And this deponent further saith that William Jenkinson, of Launceston, in the said island of' Van Diemen's Land, yeoman, is a ne cessary and material witness for him, this deponent, in the said cause, as lie believes, and that he cannot safely proceed to the trial thereof;, without the testimony of him the said William Jenkinson: And this de poieiit further saith that he hath made enquiry after the said William Jenkinson, for the purpose of serving him with a' subpoena, as a witness in this cause, but he hath' been informed and believes that the said William Jenkinson is at present at Port Phillip, New South Wales, and he is not expected to return to Launceston, until about the latter end of the month of March, 1849: And this deponent further saith that he believes lie hath a good defence to this action upon the merits.- Sworn, &c.; Our readers, we fear, when they have proceeded thus fa.r, will regard the whole affair as a joke. 3ut it is no hoax. 'IThe case was decided hy the chairman in March last, and the originals of the papers we have pub lished are in the possession of'the registrar of .the court of requests, who is bound to pre serve them as records. George Blaxland .Rogers, Esq., did not appear, and a verdict for the full amount was given against him. SBut his defence merited a.better fate. The plaintiff w'ould have lost nothing had the decision been reversed, whliile the defendant's :ingenuity would have been riewarded. It is Sobvious that as he-is not liable to imprison ment-as he possesses neither landed nor loose,estate, hie caniat be compelled to pay Sin purse or person. Yes, we acknowledge Swe were wrong. The privilege of prisoners to sue and be sued is invaluable to such gen f tlemen as George Blaxland Rogers, Esquire. The Voluntarzy Support of the Christian Ministry alone Soriptural and .Defensible. By the REV.. J. WEST, Independent Minis ter, Launceston. James Burnett, Hobart Town ; p.p. 32. THE APPEARANCE of the above pamphlet is dpportune. The cost of the local ecclesias tical establishment is so disproportionate that Wren are earnestly enquiring how the treasury cin' be relieved. Mr. West asserts thatstate contributions to religious bodies are unscrip tural and indefensible. If so, duty. and necessity harmonise, and justify every effort to emancipate the church from civil patronage and control. The two are inseparable': he who holds the purse-strings is fairly entitled to demand authority in return for his bounty. A preface to the pamphlet explains the occa sion of its publication. The following essay, recently delivered by the reverend author to his church and congre-' gation at Launceston, on the occasion of the, anniversary of erecting St. John's Ohapel, has since been aaddressed. to an audience in ;.Iobarv Town. A unauimotus requestto allow its publi cation being presented, the MS. was kindly given into the hands of a committee, who are, responsible for its issue, and appendices.. They need not say that the topic of discusion.is of more than ephemeral and local interest. The voluntary support of the christian ministry is the great question of the age, and is at this moment engaging the attention of statesmen,, divines, and private christians in every part of the world. If the doctrine be scriptural, it must be alike universally imperative and expe dient; and if anywhere a fortiori, it is in this community, proverbial for its trophies of general and christian philanthropy. Its universal adoption would at once relieve impoverished treasuries and equalize taxation, and produce the happy fruits of political- justice, christian union, and, genuine piety. herefore, to cor rect the misapprehension of some, to reinforce the convictioni of others, and to promote the welfare of all, is the object of the committee in this publication. We extract'the following - STATE PAY. It need 'not be stated that we are voluntaries in religion but let it not be inferred that we are insensible to the temporal advantages of state patronage and pay. Viewed by them selves, they present a most delightful position for a human being. To be released from all pecuniary bare-to owe no personal obligation -to receive payment to an hour; to be certain that while life lasts, theire will be no blank quarter-such are the advantages of an .eccle-. iaatica?astipendiary of th,?.atate. axRd?:l~xwbo ....-: - does:not: perceive them, must- be d'arkitndeed. THE MINISTRY. It is assumed for the purposes of this address, that the christian ministry is an institution of God, As'rsirch it his'beeni recognised by those who bear the christian name. On this subject we require no argument,' for we entertain no doubt. The conditions under which the cliristiari ministry exist, are differently stated by different denominations: with some, it is AN OR'tDE conferred by individual authority ; with others; it-is an office conveyed by an incbrporated ministry; with us, howeve?, it is a function which exists by the choice of the church,'and determines at its will. The ministry requires qualifications both of intellect and character, and the concurrence of Providence. All christians have indeed a right to tell iwhat they know of God's truth; but the relations of the ministry are the result of engagement, in which the minister and church unite. I am not attempting to authenticate, but to explain our views of the ministry. Those who know our opinions only by hostile report, fancy that these license the people to act just as they please-to choose, set up, and demolish at their sovereign pleasure. We do not now admit or deny any practical consequences of our eccle siastical polity, but affirm that every lessen we teach, or ordit ance we observe,-the restric. tions we impose, andt the duties we enjoin, we profess to derive from Holy Scripture, and that its laws are binding, sufficient, and immutable. But this deference to the divine word we do not pretend to pay to human authority; the ordinances and institutions of mortals, as they relate to religion, have no weight with 'us against our judgment. Nor do we allow any, however gifted, to obtrude counsels upon us, except when acting Ihe part and assuming the place of a christian brother or sister. Such, then, are our principles. We are not the ser vants of men but of the Lord. Ie :is our law giver, he is our king, and he only is our judge. A OHUROU. Ours is not "the poor 'man's church,"-all participate in the same duties and the same privileges. We should think it unjust to exact money from the funds of the state tfor teaching what many consider false, many useless, and which none are allowed to share but with our own consent and in our own way. Not that we are indifferent. We hail the accession of converts,perhaps with the ardour of christians, if not with the zeal of' sectaries. Such then is the structure of our churches; they will not admit of state support. They cannot even promise coutinuance; they may become de based by sin, distracted by heresy, or scattered by division ; they may vanish like those of the apostles. They are composed of men, not buildings. Our ecclesinastical life is in the con gregation, not in the edifice. We may meet in a temple or in a tomb; our relations are indi vidual: our churches combine, dissolve and vanish in the world or the grave. The general or catholic church is immortal. Our member ?lhip is not derived from ancestry; it is the re sult. of individual preference or conviction, expressed by our coming together in one place, bornie thither by the confluence of common sentiments, and united by the sympathy of kindred minds,-it is this which constitutes a church, and this alone. PECUNIARY SUPPORT. You have the grounds of this claim, teach ,n1q ;-the direct communication between the taugiht and the teacher, "let him that is taught communicate with him," &c.;-the nature of that communication, " in all good things." "Living by the gospel," with the same pre cision, points out the directness of this susten tmtion. St. Paul speaks of the support as the " recompense" and proper fruit of the christian ministry. Now, brethren, is it well to super cede these laws? For a minister to languish for state liberation from this mutual dependence to say, " let not him that is taught communi cate to him that teaches," but let the collector of customs. Let it not come from the love, The duty, and the gratitude of the people; but let it. be paid by strangers, by infidels, and enemies. Let the drunkard drink, that the priest may pray. Let the distribution be, not by the taught to their teachers, but by annual votes of'parliament, or by church acts. Let not rich congregations send help to poor evange lists as of old, but let the strong mulct and despoil the feeble; let them share the goods of those too powerless to defend their own; let menr of rank and fame and wealth kneel at altars hewn out at other's cost, and then cele brate the "grace of Him who for our sakes became poor, that we through his poverty might be made rich!" Here, brethren, we appeal to all hearts; we repeat the divine laws, "do unto others as ye would they should do unto you." We ask rich state-churchmen to take this law and compare it with the practice they sanction: to place tlrhmselves for a moment in the position of those who do not receive but only pay, and then inquire if' the divine law and state-religion harmonize-if the voice of conscience is not instantaneous and final? But what cannot be defended by the New Testament is justified by necessity,--so we are told: many believe that if the state treasury were to stop payment, christianity would die out. Thus, a great statesman of France, Thiers, has addressed his country'men imploring them in the most mov ing terms to continue the stipends of the clergy, wit hout which, he says, that there might be worship in the cities ; but in the country the christian profession would be numbered with the things that were. To this we might reply, if so, let it die. If, after its long career, en throned, endowed, armed with the sword, entering not only the houses, but the closets, everywhere dominant and domineering, it has no native energy-if all is artificial and hollow, die it must, for statesmen have already aban doned it : a religious preference will be soon a defect of civism, unphilosiphical and fanatical. It is not christianity but parties, not creeds but communities, which they now endow: in Eng land one--in Ireland two-in Van Diemen's Land five-in New South Wales and South Australia nearly all. Cabinets as they approach the great principles of civil equality become less and less discriminating in religious patronage. VOLUNTARY PRINCIPLE. Our views of voluntaryism are the very re verse of' those usually imputed to us. We do not say that giving is a question of mere option or one morally indifferent-but that the obliga tion is definite and perpetual: we have no civil process-no assessment nor summons of dis tress-no bailiff nor auctioneer, but we have a divine warrant, and the levy is dictated by conscience aad paid by affection. Itis a sacred commerce, not robbery nor alms. But it goes further than mere exchange between the minister and the hearer. The command given by the Lord is not only to all but to each. The obligation to provide for the exigencies of His church is what lawyers call '" severally and jointly." The inability of the weak is to be compensated by the exertions of the strong. It is not for a christian in his Master's cause to measure off his own share, and when he has done his part proportionally, to leave the rest to chance: this may be admissable in many other circumstances, but not in relation to the gospel. The limit of obligation is inti our ability, "as we have opportunity, to do good unto all men." Those who count all things but loss for Christ will consider that he has a lien on theirentire possessions. Thus we have not to pay for the gospel as a commodity, nor to imagine that we have done everything when we have provided a surface large enough for the repose of our limbs. ,fany regard the house of God as a public conveyance or stage coach, in which both inside and outside are to pay their own fare. Not so the word of God: " bear ye one another's burden." The " strong are to bear the infirmities of the weak." We thould lay up for the cause of God, not accord ing to the extent of our household, but as the Lord has prospered us. The competence of the voluntary principle is even more indisputable than its beauty. The church of Christ has its full share of wealth: the habits of industry and economy which religion creates are favorable to its resources, and muchis spent in the luxuries of life which ought to be devoted to religious purposes. Excess of wealth has always debauched the priesthood. For the real exigencies of the church there is sufficientat all times. Any de nomination can by proper organization support their ministry on social equality with them selves, and this is all that is desirable. In those churches in which many of the clergy are opulent, many more are miserably poor. The average income of the congregational ministers is equal to that of the church of Eng land. It is not necessary to tell the ecclesias tical economist, that a ministry universally opulent would become a caste-it would be de molished by the envy and abhorrence of the people. It is quite useless then to ask for good incomes in the usual sense; they never were possessed by the majority either of state or voluntary churches, and they never will. We have indeed heard of persons who con sider this (poverty) the proper condition of the christian minister. Such say: the pure metal of the gospel will never flow except in the furnace of affliction. Pious monsters! But I partly suspect they are fabulous; that they bear the same place in the spiritual, as griffins and mermaids in the natural world. Such specimens of christianity would be worthy to rank with the fowlers of the Pacific, who hunt the swan and nail down the most majestic of birds, that its raven plumage may be enriched by its dying agonies. OBJEOTIONS. But the most serious charge of all is, the minister's connivance at the wickedness of the people, to preserve their contribution. The danger is real, but not special. The capon and champagne of the justice may be quite as for midable as his subscription. The argument may be applied wherever men can either injure or benefit. each other. There is, however, no great moral authority in reproofs given behind an ecclesiastical buttress. Without risk there is no courage-nor are the reproofs, which are backed by some venture, less likely to be suc cessful. Then the dignity of the brave disarms even hatred, as when the white man bared his breast, the savage dropped his spear. The great peril of a minister lies in the daily inter course of life,-of yielding to wrong by facility of temper, or by timidity ; but this is a general danger.' That sect in which some men are not found ready to celebrate the failings which are softened by wealth, is pure indeed; but the special corruption of our own ministry, is 'a question of fact. If, on comparison, the 'mum; hers of voluntary churches are not so sober, so honest, so benevolent as the members of state churches, it would be difficult to disprove the imputation of unfaithfulness. WEEKLY OFFERINGS,. As the result of many years' experience, I am persuaded that the most serious difficulty in the way of congregational voluntaries, is in the mode of collecting ; it is left to be gathered at the houses of the people, instead of at the places of worship. Unless by a perseverance, which is more desirable than common, some is never collected. Twelvemonths' subscription is not easily spared. To our'shame be it spoken, we all have not proper control ovem our money ; it is never at rest in our hapds. Many a pound is spent, nobody knows howl, 'twas never his, and may be yours to-moirow. We fence round our out-goings with severe regulations to prevent any sixpence straying; but these our resolutions, dozing sentinels, sleep on their posts, and when their quarter's bills come in, they leave not behind the ghost of a farthing. Nor is it easy to tell whose unfortunate account will be charged to the consolidated fund. The effect is disastrous on the minds of all parties, and the recollection that they have not dealt fairly by their minister sours the minds of persons not wanting in sympathies, and who, had there been weekly offerings, would have paid their money with a light heart and satisfied affections, This prac tice enables the people to carry out the volun tary principle to the utmost extent,-the seats are free, no appeal is made, no witness is present, it is a transaction of conscience, it is subject to the judgment of the All-seeing Eye. -ere the hypocrite may deposit his bad shilling, here the widow may cast in her mite. And here it is that great doubts havebeen expressed -" Can the people be trusted ?" " Can it be left to their choice, whether they will give largely or not at all ?" On this question I never hesitated a moment: if it is so that their principles are unequal to such a trust, "our preaching is vain, and their faith is also vain:" if the religion they profess, on which they are to live and to die-which is to restrain their passions, and stimulate their general obedience -will not ensure the discharge of a debt; if it will not induce them to contribute to the worship of God and to the support of the pastors of their own choice, just tell what is their religion worth? It is better that the secret should come out than that, by forced I eflbrts, we continue to cheat one another into the belief that we care one jot for our prin ciples, that we have any deference to the Almighty, that we have any real affection for one another. I am ready to take up this test ; and if weekly offerings should fail, the circum stances of the trial losing none of their average force,-then I shall judge that the objects of the gospel have also failed, that we are not in earnest, and that it is time for every man to go away to his own house, "for the ark of the Lord is taken." 