PhilpottB of Ssetor, and JXXr. Shore. The following is reported as the true statement by the Rev. Dr. Smyth of the case of Mr. Shore. It is worth reading, as illustrative of the canses of I the rapid increase of dissent throughout England. Philpots and his followers are finishing, with in conceivable rapidity, the Church Establishment in England. Mr. Shore was fifteen years an or dained minister of the Church of England. He was curate of Berry Panery, when the Bishop of Exeter entered upon his diocese in the year 1830. Mr. Shore discharged the duties of his curacy for two years thereafter, having been transferred to a chapel in the same parish, erected by the Duke of Somerset, which, however, although licensed ac cording to the due ecclesiastical order, was never consecrated, or formally and exclusively set apart to religious worship, in connection with the Church of England. The vicar of the parish, Mr. Edwards, nominated Mr. Shore to his new living, and he commenced his duties with the full sanc tion of the Bishop. In 1834, Mr. Edwards died, and was succeeded by Mr. Brown ; and Mr. Shore continued minister of the same chapel till the year 18-13. That was a memorable year for Mr. Shore, and for many others as well as him. Many of us have good reason to remember it. But let that pass. In the year 1843, Mr. Brown, the vicar, gave way to Mr. Cousins, who exchanged places with him. And then the Bishop informed Mr. Shore, for the first time, that he must be nom inated anew by the vicar who had just been ap pointed, in order to his continued services. Im mediately after the appointment of Mr. Cousins, Mr. Shore was declared no longer officiating min ister of the chapel at Bridgetown. And I am sorry to add, sir, that in this part of the history, the Bishop of Exeter seems to have acted in away that is not very creditable to his Christian integ rity. In a letter addressed to Mr. Shore, he lays the odium of ejecting him at the door of the new vicar, although it is confessed the vicar was acting under the direct authority of the Bishop in that transaction, and simply fulfilling his pleasure. I shall not dwell on these proceedings. Suffice it to notice briefly what afterwards took place. Mr. Shore was commanded to desist from preaching in the parish of Berry Panery. The chape-1 in which he had officiated for nine years was shut. The. vicar did not nominate a successor, for this plain reason, that the chapel belonged to the Duke of Somerset; and that nobleman came to Mr. Shore's rescue in the dark and cloudy day. He stood in the breach — resolved that he wonld pro tpct, as far as possible, an injured servant of the Lord Jesus Christ. Mr. Shore naturally enough felt that a system which admitted such proceed ings was, to say the least of it, not a little vul nerable. He examined carefully his new and most trying position. He felt that it was one which his Great Master did not approve ; that he was bound to fulfil his high commission to preach the gospel to every creature, whether men would hear, or whether they would forbear. That duty he could no longer fulfil without let or hindrance within the Church of England. He therefore ceased to be a minister of that Church, and be came a Nonconformist, declaring all the words of this life as God gave him opportunity. The chapel in which he laboured was duly re gistered as a Protestant Dissenting chapel, under the authority of the proprietor. Mr. Shore, in the course of a fortnight afterwards, was duly registered a Nonconformiing minis ter, having signed the terms demanded by the Act of Toleration. In ignorance, probably, of the technical rules laid down by the canon-law, he had preached for a Sabbath or two on his own responsibility, before he had formally seceded from the Established Church. That very pardon able offence was laid hold of as proving his dis obedience to ecclesiastical authority. It was a mistake, and as such it was speedily rectified. I refer to it, not on account of any intrinsic im portance which it possesses, but as a part of the case, and that its whole bearing may be fully un derstood. We have then, at this stage, Mr. Shore a duly registered Nonconformist minister, rejoic ing, even amidst tribulation, that he had been counted worthy to sufl'er for Christ's name's sake. Would not any man have imagined that even within the diocese of Exeter, Mr. Shore was at liberty to preach the gospel of the grace of God — to proclaim his Divine Master's will to all who were disposed to hear it from his lips ? How passing strange that his secession from the Church of England —occasioned by no fault ever imputed to him — no heresy in doctrine — no immorality in life — nothing that the most lynx-eyed enmity could have detected as evil — should have been visited with pains and penalties ! Yet, so it was. This ejected minister is admonished by the Bishop in regard to his breach of order in preaching without a licence. He is summoned before a clerical commission to give an account of his mis deeds. He appeals from a jurisdiction which he had conscientiously rejected, after he had formally protested against its right to sit in judgment on his case. The next step was a citation of Mr. Shore before the Court of Arches, and there he appeared, protesting against the right they had to deal with him. He was cast in that court, and enjoined to pay all costs. He carried his case accordingly to the Court of Queen's Bench, and there again he must suffer for his change of views. According to the decision of the presiding judge, Mr. Shore could not cease to be a clergyman of the Church of England, having promised canoni cal subjection, at his ordination, to ecclesiastical superiors. Read the law. As his last resort, he goes to the judicial committee of Privy Council, who remit Mr. Shore from the Court from which he had taken his appeal, and a bill is brought against him for bishop's costs. It is not deemed sufficient that he should defray all his own costs. Them he is willing to pay, nay, has paid, to the uttermost farthing. But he must also pay the costs of the very man who had been the main, and, in some sense, the sole agent of all his suf feelngs and privations. And more than this, suppose that Mr. Shore had felt it his duty, and had possessed the revenue which enabled him to meet these heavy demands, he is even after all obnoxious to pains and penalties, to imprisonment as a felon, for daring to preach the gospel of Christ contrary to the commands of the Bishop of Exeter. It is a complete misconception of the merits of this case, to say that Mr. Shore is a sufferer merely from contempt of any court, civil or ecclesiastical. In strict legal form he may be regarded as prisoner in Exeter Gaol, because of his non-payment of costs in a suit between him self and his former bishop. This is a very con venient mode of disguising the actual condition of things. But such shallow and insidious ex planations will not satisfy any man who is deter mined to look at the case in all its length and breadth. Is it not plain to demonstration that the head and front of Mr. Shore's offending in his pre suming to minister in holy things in defiance of the Bishop of Exeter ? Why, sir, but for this, there would be no case before us this evening. Had Mr. Shore tamely consented to keep silence, instead of exercising the functions of the Christian ministry, he would have escaped all costs, and would have been thisevening confined in the walls of a prison. Pie might have had liberty, so far as his liberty was concerned, hut he would have been released the ennobling distinction of being the prisoner of Jesus Christ, a brother of tribulation with many of those who esteemed the reproach of Christ greater riches than all the treasures in Egypt. Our afflicted friend possesses one mark of postolical succession, which the Bishop of Exe _ter, who is so zealous an advocate of that doctrine would do well to ponder. He is following up, sir, that which is believed of the sufferings of Christ, as a genuine successor of Paul the prisoner, and of many others of that great cloud of wit nesses, lake-minded with Paul in his memorable experience, when he could thus appeal to the elders of the churches at Ephesus — ' and now be hold I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing things that shall befal me there ; save that the Holy Ghost, Avhich witnesseth in every city, says that affections abide me.' I envy neither the heart nor the head of the man who, to conciliate ear's polite, would hesitate to express publicly in the words of his motion his just in dignation and abhorrence of the intollerant and cruel proceedings whereby Mr. Shore is at this moment a prisoner at Exeter Gaol. 