LATE E8GLISH NEWS. HE barque " VICTOR"' with merhandise arrived on Thursday afteroon, from London, having left lymouth on the 4th of Mar°cli, she onsequently brings no later news han we have previously received ia Adelaide. Our English Jourals for the month of February nd beginning of March having ome to hind we present our readrs with the most important Home Intelligence: — The wool trade was remnkahly risk, and an advance of Ss to 10, n.t ack had taken place. The statement made respecting Mr Cli ailes Viiliers baviug been appointed lord high commissioner of the Ionian slands is a fubiicaiion. The enorracus amount of the navy stimates was exciting the aitention of statesmen. Andetson, M. P. for Southampton, was about to bring tbe nieaauie before parliament, aud piopusing the means by which the navy expenditure would be cutlailed. he engagement of priiate enterprise! by proi idmg au available steaat fleet by the a."iaii ahy, is suggested as the tnost piacllcaile tnuhud of efliclio" b - desi-e.l oVject. Tha inhkbitam^ o f M"r.ih have, Hislinp Caid^eM.s exertions, £1000 towatds lelievin-; ,;s «>«!»ie« t"« Hope, e-) btiii-e, the ii"» por.r hw h^s heen returned lor »>th-'Ui ocpusitnji, uf miiut bicmu ship Foith, ihe Indian mail cleave', was fo'alty u.I Uir posfMje IHIQIL- lrn.ii ,4ua lu b> "U the a..^,ui.es r^et, in ti.e ' 1 '' i ull lipids aaa O 1 M.in-lay, tbe 13 b February, ia llunse ol Co nn.yns, ihe citrk "f crown in I.eland appeared at the aui leluruea die w,tt ot error in case of.William Smith O'ttruu, Mr. Butt commenced his defence Mr. Gavin Duffy on the SLII Feb. I speke UmiDshoui the day with li s vehemence. tiia speccb occupied Siven hours in the delivery. At end of one passage he was loudly and an.ongsi others by one the jurors in ihe box, named Mr. Butke, who was called to order by Mr. J ustice Ball. Mr. Butt's concluding allusion to the testimony of the Marquis of Lansdowne, that Mr. Duffy did utile tbe articles, caused much sensation. It was generally believed that the jury would not be uuauimous. Ibe ceremony of consecrating an abbott took place at ihe monastery, Mount St. Bernard, Leicestershire, on ibe 19Ji February, when the Rev. J. Palmer, otherwise Father Bernard was installed lo that office. A cobalt mine has been disiovertd in Cumberland, which bids fair to rival in value—uay, to surpass in permanency—even the sanguine expecta* tions entertained of California I It is asserted in the Church and State Gazette, that Ur. Ttower, a Scotch episcopal tractarian bishop, has excommunicated the Duke of Argyle, and Lord and Lady Blantyre, for attending ihe ministiaiioiis atGlas. gow of the Rev. Mr. M iles, an English ordained clergyman. James Bloomfield Rush, Ihe supposed muiderer of Sir. Jeiemv, of &.orfolk, had retailed Ibe services of Mr. O'.Mally for his defence. Tlia trial was to take place on the 2S:lt Match, Three hundred convicts were remorfd fiom Alilbank prison on the 10.h February, to be conveyed in the Ntf' tune lo Bermuda, to replace a conespouding number, which were to ba shipped to tbo Cape of Good Hope. 1 he price of « beateu briad on tlia 2nd of March in London was— fiist, 7<i lo ?|d; household, 5d io 6Jd ptr 4 b foal. Tbe sum of £50 000 was voted by ibe British parliament, fioin the con. solidated funds, for tbe relief of the Ititb poor. Numerous addresses were being forwarded (o Ilia liolinets Pope Plug IX, from nil paits ol Europe, and condoling with liim ui.dei bis ptesent unpleasant position; Urge Rums of money »tre also loiwaididto Gnc'a. Tlie Very Itev. Theobald MatLew was about to visit A metica. Conciliation Hull, Dublin, is tuken by the Kcv. Dr. Meyler, to be used as a Catholic chapvl. Several families of latter-day paints emlmrked at Swaneta 011 (lie 20i.li February for Calilornia. 'ihechuleia was maing with un«. prtcedentcd fury. 'Ilie Dumber ol petsons nltbiked bv (his fatal riisiase in I.ondoii wee—5 li Maich. 108 new c;<ses,and 75 deaths: 011 the Gtli, l"G II:XT CIIFES, and 61 deaths, in the pro litiiu) towns 1 lie moit-ility ^auEed by the cholera is uot so leaiful as in the lueltopolis. Ilie niched statutes fcr the House nf the House of Peeis, lepretenling ill.- 15 a tons who signed Magna Charts, are the subject of a report by the committee appointed to inspect the mede's. A destructive fire i r ke out in Spilalfields, on the piemises of an lia'.etdasher, ramed Mr. M'K.ellar. '{he house and stock were completely destioyed, and five persons perished. The trade ot Paris hod began to r. vive. The improvement is demonstra'ed by the tuct that the customs dunes rcc'-ivud at tlie pates of the capital fnun the 1st of Jaimaty to the 8 h of February, had 1 xceeded those oI the Sdnie period in 1-47 by 4S OOOC Tl.e Committee if Fuieigu Affaiis of the French National Assembly has LaJ retired to it a proposition by M. -Fiancitque Bouiet, fcr the organization nf universal peace, in the same mitn» nor as thai proposed by .Mr. Cobdeu in England. Amongst the petitions presented to parliament are two from the inhabitants o: Ceilon, . The documents ate signed by 2960 persons, and pray (or a reloim iu the administration of ilu government in that inland. The Italian news is short, but important. The two Grand Dukes cf Tuscany and Modeutt, aie said to have abandoned their states. Uoom lemans 1:1 a state ot dead tranquility. The ('hambeis opened on ilie 5th instant. The Piovisional Couiniitlee had the liypocrisy to bejjn t;y a sole-Mi piocess:on ol 1 lie dtpulits tu hear i\iass ol 1 tie Holy Ghost in the cliu'ch ot S'H. Mnria, in Am Celt. 'J here is tjlk of cuiJiscntinj: tlie propeity ol 1 migrants. As IOI the Cletpy, an easy t>l»n lias i-Ujige'led itsell 10 the minds of Ihe Government to get lio'd <f their properly. An oath to tlse Constituenle liiusjt t e dea>a.,ded of E; cleoiasiics; all the Lomst individuals of tint l.-ody wilt refuse to tukc ii ; th.:y v.i 1 then lit; tlcclaied tiaitios, and will have to emigrate in oid-.l to «ECnpet;.e ccmmitteis, or assination ; ilny i»ilit!ieu be oeclated tiuigiacts, and tluir propeity will fnrthwnli find its way into the coffers ol tlie Ministry. Such uie ths men whom Roman cowardice cr wickedness, has ch-ism to icign in the p'ace of Pius IX. 