MISCELLANEOUS. Dr. Channing's Religion —The last public address of Dr. Channing contains this remarkable psssng- : — " The doc trine of the Word made Flesh shows us God uniting himself most intimately with our nature, manifesting himself in a human form for the very end of making us pnrtakers of Ilis own perfec tions. The doctrines of grace, as it is termed, reveals the infinite Father im parting his Holy Spirit— tl 0 best gift he can impart — to the humblest being who implores it. Come, Friend, Saviour of the Race, who didst shed Ihy blood on the cross to reconci'c man to man, nnd earth to heaven !' Amid the hi'Is of Berkshire, he uttered these words. In a few days after he arrived at Benning ton, Vermont. A gleam of early life seemed to have shone on his heart Perhaps the memory of tho experience at Richmond came upon him, when he could say — ' The worldling would laugh at me : he would call conversion a farce. But the mnn who has fell the influence of the Holy Spirit can oppose the fuct and experience to empty decla mation and contemptuous sneers ' Those feelings he never repudiated. During the List revival in Boston, when some interesting facts were brought to his notice by one who had long known him. he wen ot-.w-hnr Bo heard — Correspondent of the New RW-- .v 3vunyzliC. A member of Parliament, referring to the " Working Men's Essays on the Sabbath, says, he doubts if the House of Commons could have turned out such a collection. A man catering a druggist's shop in this town (says a Bilalou correspon dent , where lay a petition in favour of arbitration iustead of war, was asked by the shopman if he would sign it. ' No," said the intelligent, " I am a Wesley on, and will not sign it, because it is against the Bible." " Indeed ; how do you make that out ?" « Why, the Bible says there ihall be ' tears, and rumours of wart,' and I wou'i sign it." Judge what a sorry figure the poor shopman cut. Mr. M. M, Noah contends (iu the Jewish Chronicle ), frotu the statements of recent explorers, that not only the ruins, but the remains of the Temple of Jerusalem are found iu the subterranean portion of the Mosque El Aska. Tho Rev. Mr. Murray, who, some time ago, was impended aud deprived of his parish by the Right Rev. Dr. Feeuy, appeared in the streets of this town, barefooted, and with a "crown of thorns" on his head. Me addressed the people in the Irish language, and, as we have been informed, inveighed most bitterly agaiusi the conduct of the bishop. — Turaw/y Herald. The Stamford Mercury announces the retirement of the Rev. T. Were from the curacy of Glintou, 011 account of the " insufficiency of the stipend (£50 a year). The living, worth nearly £400 a year, is held by a high dignitary iu the West of England, at lite head of the Commission for inquiting Into Church abuses." The Rev. John Smith, M.A., of Mugdalen Hall, Oxford, late a mission ary in China, and author of a wo-k of great interest ou that country, has been nominated by the Queen to the Bishopric of Hongkong. In England, Wales, and Scotland, there aro now 807 Roman Catholic priests, of whutn 180 are stationed in the Lancashire district. la _ - At 10 a common practice among mmuy of the lower orders in this country, to endeavour to have the first sight of the uew moon outside the house— that is, not through a window. We know of a lady, however, one . of tbe intellectual 60,000 of our own city, who makat It Iter regular custom to await the appearance of the new moon in tho open air at all sea sons of the year, and when she beholds the object of her desire, she. purlsies to it eleven times, and then turns the contents of her pockets, money and all. She goes through this form with the hope that presents ant all kinds of luck may coine during the uext month. We can not find it in our hearts to grudge her this little motiey pastime, for the act does not, like many others, affect any one but herself, and thero is no cruelty to render it mischievous, like ihe in stances lately given by our Weils cor reeponttynt,— ,/?flfA Journal looms recently i—Tlm sal0J 1 v"'lutble reversion in and"irlnnl an decease of a lady noiv u-ed <5 6 H .she shall have no more In fruvkl youngest child is 1 9 yearH or " ; ll>1 husband is still HvjJ J,, ,of ng». Ill A'S" 1 1 ''le lot "old rlr £2i8qIcV A .Spanish giant, Senor I zeqitt, 23 years of age, 7 ft ?n Elel ugh, and 450 lbs weicht q " l? ,mcM been exhibited at Cl?nt,.„i ' ban only by actual inspection thatTl M can fully realize the height of If '"""l truordinnry men whom at vnrim.J" V H C.MMN „ co very of the carcase of a three cubits in length, or ne« fn ! m)i feet, we have authentic cvidJn'J modern history cf the ovi-7 nce '1 veral men upwards of seven"/,5?! height Walter Parsons, porter to K' ' J James I., was 7 ft 4 ,v k"im is .related of this ft | nt first apprenticed to a 8m th grew so tall that 0 hole was V&N; htm in the ground, eo ft8 to exhibited in London in 158 jg 'rJ Spanish giant surpasses him in t.- by three inches 1 m .M Zi m-en. nVhe!e' of Til look ns insignificant as GulIlT 1 the, "'habitants of BrobdigrJ 1 I lie. Cheltenham Waterworks Cm,l pan v have been extending tl,eir S,vi iocvoi. or ba.li) Of , 5 , 4 three acres, and of an avtr.m. ,1 .1 1 2t feet.capableof eonlaining 12 000 00(3 gallons;/ Tt_ is lined throVeL„S '1 a,0 - v' communic»tioti is formed! with the former covered reservoir anJ attached to the communication pipe J a filter of a novel construction thrLJ which all the water will pass; by ih„ J meaus the transparency, purity, , J coolnes. of the water will be eni«r„| Ihe brtcke were made on the ground I nearly 2,000,000 have been used. The! site of the work inclines, ami |,e r J sorvoir stands considerably above iM natural suiface ; nevertheless, ,aJ oG.000 cube yard! of earth have been! excavated and removed. The company have enclosed their works with a brick! wall of considerable extent ; a hamlJ some entrance and irou gates (to bef hereafter fixed) giving admission theretJ The works have been designed by and! executed under the superiiistndence oj Mr Henry Dangerfield, of Cheltenham, upon whom the result reflects the higlil est credit. D. W. Smith was the clerk of the works. The brickwork was douj by Messrs Kent nnd T. Thompson, thn bricks havitig been uiade by MrP.| Thackwell, who performed the cxcsl vatiug. The committee have with! gererous liberality given to each of tbe men employed (about 100) a Christinas gift of 2s Od. I .fi'\v.davs since a lien, belonff'mu to! an inhabitant ot Milutlirope, Westmorc. land, laid an egg tueusuriiig 7J inches in circumference lengthways, niulb'jl inches round the midillc, and weighing! 31 ounces. j lit the house nt Hatngrecu belonging! to l'ltilip Miles, Esq , (formerly to tlinj Brights), is tut apnrtiueut which has! long had the reputation of being lutuitul ed, noises, &c; . proceeding, as nllcged therefrom. It litis beeu hitherto locked and 011 Mr. Miles lately taking posses'! sion the door was forced, and 011 ex-I ploring a secret recess in one corner, the ghost or ghoBts (for there were two)! appeared in the shape of two old boxes, which, on being touched, fell to piecesj and there emerged to the light two mas A sivu pieces of plate, viz., a solid silren candelabrum nnd a salver of the samn metal. Nobody knows anything aboud them, not even Mr. Robert Bright, to! whom they were sent, and we suppose! that tho valuable and glittering apna-1 ritiotis will fall to the share of Mr. MilesJ The ' Galway Vindicator' shows how the Rev. E. Owen, Proteslsnt curslel threatens a ruosist Catbolie priest, _tha Rev J. Scanlan, with condign panishj tnent, because he, ' an Italian priest ofl the Bishop of Rome— the Antichrist on whose head the vials of God's wralH were now visibly poured out— bad prej suiued to interfere in spiritual mstterJ with one Thomas Brown and others. H So writes one Christian minister to an4 other. 1 A razzia was effected at the Friend meeting-house, Houndsditcb, Londoni a few months back, and fifty chairs tverH seized for non payment of church-rate® to the parish of St, Botolpb, the incumfl bent of which enjoys an Income £2200 a year. From seven priwUB houses, furniture to the value of t fl was seized for the same holy purpose) J It is asserlrd in the 'Church anfl State Gazette' that Bishop T rower, J Scotch Episcopal Tractarian bishop, »i excommunicated the Duke of Arg) B aud Lord and Lady. fef jl tending the ministrations, wand Al of the Rev. — Miles, am? 1 dained clergyman. 1 