THE MURDERER RUSH. James Bloomfield Rush was the illegitimate child of Miss Mary Bloomfield, by a gentleman residing near Wymondham, to whom she had been engaged. The connexion, however, was broken off, and she afterwards married Mr. Rush, a farmer, at Felmingham, who adopted her child, and suffered him to take his name. He was educated at Mr. Nunn's school, at Everard in 1824 placed in a small farm, at Aylsham. At school he had been deemed shrewd clever lad, but had much given to trickery and boyish frauds — as a man his propensities were the same, but his outward conduct was unex- ceptional. On 1828 he married Miss Soame, the daughter of a highly respectable neighbour, and removed to Dalling Hall farm. Hew after- wards took two others, and carried on exten- sive operations, both as a farmer and an auc- tioneer. In his latter capacity he became steward to the Rev. G. Preston, and on his death in 1837, to his son Isaac, who changed his name to Jermy. This was the man whom he afterwards murdered. Rush held a lease under Mr. Jermy, and purchased the estate of him. On the subject of the former, much litigation arose, and the latter was re-sold, Rush receiving back the a purchase-money. In 1838, he was engaged by Mr. Jermy to purchase for him at auction, the estate called Potash farm, at the limited price of £3000. The biddings exceeded that amount, and he took it for himself at £3750. An al- tercation arose on this, as Mr. Jermy did not think himself well used. He afterwards, how- ever, advanced Rush £5000 upon mortgage of the same property. In 1844 his father in-law died, under cir- sumstances which even at the time excited suspicion. Later events justify the idea that he was murdered. The unfortunate man was in his keeping -room, and no other person but Rush was on the ground floor. He, according to his own account, had gone into the next room to change his boots, and hearing the report of a gun, returned, and found the old man dead — the charge having entered his head behind the ear. It was mentioned at the time that the deceased was not fond of sport, and afraid even of an unloaded gun. The situation of the wound also was singular. In 1845 his wife died, a woman highly respected. She left nine children. Rush then engaged a middle-aged person as housekeeper, and advertised in the Times' for a lady to take the educational charge of his family. The applicants were met by appoint- ment at a respectable house in London, and four educated young women were in succession engaged — of these Emily Sandford was the last, and not the only one who fell a victim to the treachery of this unprincipled seducer. She was the daughter of a gentleman residing at Kensington, who had lost his property in rail- way speculations, and was accompanied by her mother to the house mentioned in the adver- tisement. The lady had not the least suspicion of Rush, and was highly satisfied with her child's engagement. The poor girl's ruin was effected, and concealed most artfully from her friends, by the intercepting of her correspon- dence with them. Rush then took lodgings for his victim in London, where she passed under the name of Mrs. James, the wife of an officer then in France, and Rush visited her in the character of her uncle. At this time he commenced a life of general dissipation, by which he injured his means, and became se- riopusly involved in debt. It was during this partial residence in London that he entered into a league with the Larners and Thomas Jermy, whom he represented as the rightful owners of Stanfield Hall, the pro- perty of Mr. Jermy. To assist them in obtaining possession, he prepared sundry legal documents, which were engrossed and witnessed by Emily Sandford, who had become a mother and was wholly in his power. There is little doubt that he purposed murdering her also, as her signature to the forged deeds could not have availed him had she been examined as a witness. In the event of her death or absence, the proof of her writing would have been suf- ficient. She has stated her belief that when he rushed into her room on the night of Mr. Jenny's murder, his intention was to have killed her with the dagger afterwards found in his bid, to have concealed her body, and given out that she had followed her husband to France. After his return to the country, his embar- rassments increased, and he offered his creditors a composition of 12s. 6d. in the pound, which was not accepted, and he was made bankrupt on his own petition. He was opposed by Mr. Jermy and others, but passed, through the Court, notwithstanding great suspicion of un- fair dealing. There seems much reason to believe that at this time he murdered his own mother. An amount entered in his schedule of £1700 as due to her was disputed, and the meeting ad- journed that she might be examined on the subject. This was to have been on the Thurs- day and on the previous Monday she died. She had been ill and was confined to her bed. Rush only was in her room at the time of her death, having sent out the nurse, saying that he would sit up with her himself. When the woman returned in the morning, he told her his mother had been dead for some hours, and he had laid out the body with his own hands. Rumour, at the time, spoke of foul play, but no general suspicion was excited. By his mother's will, Rush was made trustee of her property on behalf of her children, who were to take their shares respectively as they came of age. This will he proved, and the solicitor, who had prepared it, was with him on the occasion. Soon afterwards he proved a codicil, which he professed to have found since, and which provided that no payments should be made till the youngest child reached the age of twenty-one, thus giving him absolute control for many years. It contained the singular pro- vision that no questions were to be asked about this change in the testator's intentions. It was observed that on this occasion he was not ac- companied by the solicitor. Rush appears to have retained the Potash estate after his bankruptcy probably on ac- count of the heavy mortgage on it, held by Mr. Jermy. This became due on the 30th Novem- ber only two days after the fatal tragedy at Stanfield Hall. It is known that he had several interviews with his creditor, for the purpose of postponing the payment, the last being on the Sunday before the murder. The particulars of this interview, are unknown, but there is reason to believe that he left without gaining his object, and with feelings of inextinguishable hatred. The character of Rush appears wholly had, without one redeeming feature. There is little doubt of his having repeatedly committed murder, and contemplated shedding " far more blood," and becoming " worse to make his title good." The tales of seduction we have related are only a part of those of which he was the hero. The various actions brought against him by Mr. Jermy, and the suit which he promoted against that gentleman on the title to the Stanfield Hall property, as well as the circum- stances of his bankruptcy, show him to have been fraudulent in the last degree and he did not hesitate to commit forgery, to gain his end, even when that end was the plunder of his children. To crown all, he was a hypocrite — attending regularly both to the public and private ordinances of religion. The particulars of the crime for which he suffered need not be repeated. It remains only to relate the closing scene of his life, and to mention the position of those who have been afflicted by his actions. Rush persisted to the last in denying his guilt, in which the chaplain of the gaol and the other clergymen who attended him were so convinced that they positively refused to ad- minister the sacrament to him while he re- mained unconfessed and impenitent. He assumed the utmost composure ate, drank, and slept well: declared himself happy and comfortable in body and mind. There is reason to believe, however, that he felt at times far more deeply than he was willing to admit. His last interview with his children was dis- tressing in the extreme. He treated them with much affection, and most solemnly assured them of his innocence. It is said that the whole circumstances have operated so strongly on the mind of his eldest daughter, nearly twenty years of age, that she has fallen into an illness which is likely to terminate fatally. The crowd assembled to witness his execu- tion was immense. The number of persons is variously estimated at from twelve to twenty thousand. The scaffold was erected on the bridge leading from the castle at Norwich to the market- place most commanding positions and a somewhat theatrical effect was given to the dreadful ceremony by the hoisting of an immense black flag above the entrance. Activity of manner was noticed in Rush during the whole term of his imprisonment, and it rather increased towards the last. After his condemnation he enquired of his gaoler if he thought " the Queen would be in a hurry to hang him ?" On the morning of his execution, after leaving the chapel, he went into the prison yard, and washed his face and hands and the back of his neck with cold water at the pump. From the prison yard he was con- ducted to the room of one of the turnkeys, where Calcraft, the executioner, was waiting to receive him. On observing him, Rush said, " Is this the man who is to perform this duty ?" To which the governor of the castle replied that it was. Calcraft then desired him to sit down, which he did, and the operation of pinioning commenced. The prisoner, who ap- peared perfectly calm and collected, said with a shrug, " This don't go easy ; I don't want the cord to hurt me." The request was complied with, and the rope was moved a little to give him relief. He then said that he was comfort- able and the sad procession having been formed he was conducted to his doom. The death-knell began to tell from the spire of St. Peter's, Mancroft, and shortly after twelve o'clock the dreadful procession emerged from the castle, and took its way to the drop. First came the sheriffs and javelin men, and then followed the convict, attended by the governor and executioner on their way they were met by the chaplain, who read the funeral service with a loud voice. The wretched pri- soner moved along with great firmness. He was dressed in black, wore patent leather boots, and had his shirt collar, which was scrupu- lously clean, turned over. As his head was bare, the features of his face could be distinctly marked. They had undergone no perceptible change since his trial. Perhaps he might have looked somewhat paler, but his deter- mined expression had not changed, and the man was in all respects the same unwavering resolute being who for six days conducted his own defence in a court of justice, though op- pressed not only by the conviction of his enor- mous guilt, but also by the knowledge that it had been so clearly brought home to him. His step never faltered, and he regularly marched to his doom. On catching sight of the scaffold, he lifted his eyes to heaven, raised as far as he could his pinioned hands, and shook his head mournfully from side to side, once or twice. The pantomime was perfect, conveying almost as clearly as words a protest of innocence, com- bined with resignation to his fate. As he walked along, he beckoned to the governor of the castle, who was immediately by his side, and said, " Mr. Pinson, I have a last request to make. It is that the belt may be withdrawn while the chaplain is rending the benediction — 'The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with us all ever more." The wretched man then mounted the scaffold, but instead of looking to the crowd without turned his face to the Castle sails. Calcraft immediately drew the white nightcap over his head, and, fastening the fatal rope to the beam, adjusted the noose to his neck. The unhappy a man, even at this dreadful moment, had not lost his coolness. " This does not go easy," he said, "put the thing a little higher — take your time — don't be in a hurry." These were his last words. The rope was in the right place — the drop fell — and in an instant the murderer was dead. No struggle ensued, and the dreadful ceremony was performed as quickly and well as is practicable, and with fewer revolting circum- stances than usual. During the whole time the crowd without maintained a solemn silence, and the only sounds that accompanied the fall of the body, and jerking of the tightened rope, were one or two faint shrieks. After being suspended for one hour it was cut down and carried back to the Castle on a litter. There a cast was taken from it, after which it was placed in a shell previous to interment within the precincts.' At five o'clock the features had undergone so great a change that no one could recognise them. The hair had then been shaved off, and the criminological development might be accurately observed. The appearances pre- sented certainly seemed to justify the verdict of the jury. Among other statements made by the gover- nor it appears that Rush wrote a letter to the Queen, but finding that he could not send it out of the prison without the knowledge of the go- vernor he destroyed it. The prisoner has not left behind him any letters of consequence, and none of them approach to anything like a con- fession of his guilt. He was buried at eight o'clock at night in a deep grave in the prison grounds, next to the remains of Yarham, who was executed four years since for the Yarmouth murder. Mrs. Jermy, daughter-in-law of the elder, and wife of the younger of the two gentlemen murdered by Rush, continued in a state of great weakness from her wounds, and the dreadful mental shock she had sustained, but hopes were entertained of her recovery. By the will of Mr. Jermy, which has since been proved, she and his surviving children are well provided for. Besides his freehold estates, his personal pro- perty amounted to £14,000. Eliza Chestney (the servant) who also progressing favorably, and had not suffered from the journey to Norwich on the occasion of the trial. A considerable sum was subscribed for her future support. The unfortunate girl, Emily Sandford has also been charitably remembered by those who pity her miserable condition, and think her punishment already sufficient for her early fault. Lord Leicester, Lord Hastings, Mr. Buckworth, and others headed a subscription list for her, and there is reason to suppose she will be placed in a position to avoid future temptation, and so to bring up the murderer's son that he may make some amends for his father's heinous guilt. In passing from this painful subject, we may observe that the general feeling in England against capital punishments, and especially against public executions, has been greatly increased by the many dreadful exhibitions con- sequent on recent murders. It is not that in the case of Rush, or in that of Sarah Harriet Thomas, hanged the day before at Bristol, there were any extenuating circumstances in neither was there the slightest ground for par- don while the law remained unchanged. But it is against the system itself that the public voice is raised. Rational men ask whether the open and cold blooded strangling of a scream- ing girl, or the impenitent death of a hardened ruffian, are in any way likely to cherish humane feelings for increase the dread of murder ; and they ask, whether if a soul be so stained with guilt as to be deemed unfit even for earth, we have a right to plunge it into eternity to abridge the time the Creator had allowed for repentance — to avenge the hurrying of one soul perhaps to Heaven, by forcing another into Hell. 