EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE. The Symmetry, arrived on Sunday last, lias brought intelligence from England to tile lOtli December, au abstract of the most interesting of which we proceed to lay before our readers. Her Majesty and the Royal family were in the enjoyment of excellent health. The Court was at Osborne House. The Duke and Duchess de Nemours were on a visit to her Majesty. A supplement to the London Gazette of the 16th contains the Queen's proclamation proroguing Parliament from the 19th De- cember to the 1st of February, when it was directed to meet for the dispatch of business. The decision upon the writs of error, in the cases of Smith O'Brien and his co patriots, was postponed until the 11th of January. The prisoners 'remain in the meantime in Richmond Bridewell. It is stated that if the decisión of the Judges is adverse to the prisoners, as is expected, the Attorney-General will not allow writs of error to tho House of Lords. Mr. Duffy, of the Nation, was arraigned on the 15th December, to take his trial for publishing.articles."compassing the de- position of the Queen." Mr. Butt, his counsel, took objection to the proceedings, in consequence of there being two indict- ments against the prisoner-one found at the present Commission, and a former one. The Attorney-General prayed the Court to quash the former, and proceed on the latter. The Court adjourned to form its opinion. Viscount Melbourne died at his seat, Brocket Hall, Herts, on the 24th November, in the 69th year of his age, hil Lordship having been bom on the 15th March, 1779 Lord Melbourne was Prime Minister on two successive occasions, retaining that office, with the exception of a short interval, from 1834 to 1811. His Lordship's only child having died in 1836, he is succeeded in his honors by his next brother,Frederick Baron Beauvale, an eminent diplomatist. " In public life, honest, straightforward, able, and ever well-intentioned ; in private, re- fined, generous, captivating, and friendly ever in high esteem and regard with his Sovereign, and always respected by the people,-Lord Melbourne leaves behind him the memory of one of those whom the genius of British history will love to re- member, as having been, whatever their policy, the preservers of the dignity and character of England." "A better land- lord never lived." Lord Melbourne has appointed Lord Brougham and Mr. Ellice his executors. The Right Hon. Charles Buller, M.P. for Liskeard, and President of the Poor Law Board, died on the 29th November, aged 42. He was well known for his liberal politics, and his literary productions. Sir John Barrow, late Secretary to the Admiralty, died suddenly, while sitting at the luncheon I able, between twelve and one o'clock of Thursday the-23rd November. The venerable Baronet was in his 84th year, and had held the office of Secretary to the Admiralty for upwards of forty years, until January, 1845, when he retired from public life. Samuel Cooper, Esq., F.R.S., the cele- brated Professor of Surgery at University College, died on the 3rd December. The Duchess of Manchester, Sir Charles Wentworth Burdett, Bart., Major-General Tombs, and Colonel Mackenzie Frazer, Deputy Quartermaster-General of the Forces in Canada, are all found in the obituary for November last. The state of Ireland is thus described by the Dublin Correspondent of the 1'imes : The question which each man asks his neigh- bour is—" How is this to end ?" Every week sees hundreds of hitherto comfortable farmers and their families flying to America, carrying with them vestiges of the spoil of which they have de- prived the landlord. " The markets are glutted with all kinds of provisions, at fearfully unremu- nerating prices to the producer ; but there is no money amongst the indigent poor to pay even the lowest price, and thus they starve in tho midst of plenty. The producer, however, has made up his mind to cheat the landlord out of his rent, and escape to America ; and he can always meet some mealraongor or usurer-indeed, in Ireland, they are generally both-to take a " bargain" off his hands. The landlord or his agent arrives, and, where ho expected to find stacks of corn, finds nothing but stacks of straw ; whilst the wjfo and children of the delinquent have been left him as a legacy, to be bribed into an abandonment of the tenancy, or to retain adverse possession for a twelvemonth, until legally expelled by_a tedious and expensive process ot law. This is literally a current history of Ireland. In the week beforo labt, one house in Lnerpool is said to have re- ceived not less than X9ÜU0, in separate sums of £1 each, as head-money for so many separate families emigrating to America. It is thus that the bone and sinew of the country are rapidly wasting away. All the small farmers are becoming paupers and burdons on the land ; and all the largo ones are becoming ' Levanters,' as, in fashionable parlance, fraudulent runawajs are 6tyled. Olher classes, too, of a moro respectable and independent kind, aro preparing to quit the country. I have met with numerous instances of gentlemen farmers, who used to follow the hounds, who kept largo establishments, with a number of domestic retainers, and gave employment nearly all the j ear round to the labouring poor of their several districts, also cursing the country and preparing to quit it. These persons carry with them, when they go, from Jt'500 to JE1000 each, i and thus some estimate may be formed of the money drain in Ireland at present, where e\en food and provisions of all kinds can only be dis- posed of by being given in charity. These are the circumstances under which the winter cam- paign opens, and it puzzles the most sagacious to imagine tho probable results. Should such a state of things continue much longer, there is little doubt that the ' Green Isle,' as it is called, will increase in verdiincy, as, in the absence of capital and labour, its fields must become pasture land and its little hills sheep-walks, That tho depo- pulation of the country is going on rapidly, both by mortality and emigration, is a fact so indis- putable, that a lovo ot native land is now almost an unheard-of sentiment, and amongst the rural I population, only those remain who are unable to go. I The news from the Continent is full of import. Louis Napoleon is elected Piesi dent of the French Republic by an immense majority. The Empeior of Austria has abdicated in favour of his nephew. Pope Pius IX. has fled from Rome and taken refuge in the Neapolitan States, leaving his kingdom in the hands of the revolutionists. The King of Prussia has taken the reigns of government into his own hands, dis- missed the Assembly, and is about to pro- claim a constitution such as he approves of. Germany is divided against itself, and political aiïairs are altogether in as confused a state as they well can be, everything indi- cating a general war. General Taylor is elected President of the United States by a large majority, and apparently much to the satisfaction of the people.-The basis of the Postal Convention between Britaiu and the States has been finally settled, and a draft of the Convention sent for ratification to the Semte of the United States. By this arrangement, the expense of postage will be considerably reduced. . Trade and commerce were decidedly im- proving in the United Kingdom. The IFcekly Dispatch, of the 17th December, says-" The improvement in business con- tinues, but fears are entertained that the French election may unhinge it once more, by producing renewed outbreaks among our wayward and volatile neighbours. The produce markets during the week have been tolerably active; in most descriptions of foreign produce the improvement has been uniform. Tho cotton market is most buoyant. The spinners are buying freely, as'their stocks have been exhausted. In the manufacturing districts the improve- ment is not less marked. The approaching Christmas promises to be, as regards the labouring classes, one of the most active that has been witnessed for some time." The same journal gives the following report of the Funds and Stoney Market : THE FUNDS-Money is rather scarcer, and the roto of interest is now fully 5 per cent. There is still a good deal of suspicion about the Corn dealings, and the result of tho speculations al- ready entered into. The farmers are stinting their supply as if from a common feeling that the current pricos are too low, and that the threatened flooding of the raorkots in the Spring with American grain is all moonshine. This is very fortunate ior those who are under some necessity of selling part of the foroign corn they havo already purchased. Thpy ai o getting out of the affair without loss, and tho wheat we may get in the Spring, will be at the risk of brother Jonathan. Tho failure of the last groat corn speculation spread ruin through the whole commercial com- munity, because tiaders of all descriptions, tempted by the successive advances in price, dabbled moro or less in tho purchase of Wheat and Flour. A certain discredit! therefore, at- tached to bills of o\cry description, and the rato of discount Advanced to a ruinous point, Matters are different now. Tho Foreign Wheat ure have received bas been on account of legitimate dealers in the article ; and if their bills are now in bad odour, this feeling does not extend to billa knosvn to be unconnected with corn transactions. The Money Market has not been so free from pressure at this poriod of tho year for a longtime. November and December have not proved ordi- narily dull. From low Stocks having been generally kept, there has been, necessarily, a con- tinuous demand for immediate use, and the me- tropolis has fully experienced the effect of our upper classes having boen kept at home, and their numbers swelled by the wealthy fugitives from abroad. The result of the election of a President in Franco has a different effect on the monetary ciroles to that which was anticipated. It was oxpected the selection of a Bonaparte would cause a fall in Consols, on the presumtion that he would endeavour ta attain the military renown of his uncle. On the contrary, the capitalists see in that selection a protest on the part of the whole people against the role of the Republican party, and a new representative body may shortly bo chosen under the samo influence. Consols ad- vanced 1 per cent, on the numbers for the candi- dates, being announced, but the market is now scarcely so firm. It is idle to speculate on a general nar before Bonaparto has chosen his Ministry. France needs repose to recover her finnnces, and to inspiro confidence and aid the re- turn of trade and commerce, it is by no means improbable that Bonaparte will, at the outset, like Lamartine, publicly pledge the country~to peace, and to let other nations alone, if they con- tinue to respect the independence of France. Even if Thiers, the restless intriguer in the in- ternal affairs of other nations, and some other hungerers for war and conquest, be chosen as the advisers of Prince Napoleon, months may elapse before the affray will commence. The election of the Princo will exercise a very depressing effect in Germany, whero the mass of the people dread an iiruplion of the French. It will tend to a com- promise of predilections for chango, for the sake of presenting to Franco an attitude of unanimity, and prcpartion to repel attack. Dr. Bowring, the eminent linguist, ia appointed her Majesty's Consul at Canton. The lion, and Rev. Baptist Noel has seceded from the Church of England. The grounds of his withdrawal are understood to be, his objection to the present connec- tion of Church and State. A Conference is to be held at Brussels to regulate the affairs ol' Sardinia and Lombardy. Several horrible murders have been com- mitted in England and Ireland. The Re- corder of Norfolk, Mr. Jeremy, and his son, have been both murdered by a tenant named Rush, who had forged documents to put himself in possession of an estate. Seventy-three individuals were smothered in the Londonderry steamer, between Sligo and that place. The Queen has appointed Major-General Sir R. W. Gardner, K.C.B., to be Governor of Gibraltar. E. Palmer, Esq., is appointed Solicitor-General of Prince Ed ward's Island. The Turks and Caicos Islands are placed under the Government of Jamaica, and Captain Forth is appointed President of the Council of those islands. J. Gregory, Esq., is appointed Governor of the Bahamas. Dr. it. E. Brown is ap- pointed Colonial Secretary of the Gold Ceast. It is stated that Judge Montagu is ap- pointed a Puisne Judge in Canada. Mr. Cassels is confirmed as Collector of Customs for Melbourne. The December Wool Sales gives, for Van Diemen's Land First quality, Is. Id. to to Is. 3d.; second ditto, lid. to Is. Id. ; scoured, Is.2d. to Is. Cd. ; Inferior, 9d. to lid ; lambs', Is. 3d. to Is. 8d. ; skin, pieces and locks, 6d. to lOd. ; grease, 5d. to6d. NOVEMBER WOOL SALES. Sales by Marsh & Edenborough, 1st Nov. : Exí/«írW-WLC,55balesatIld. to Is. Id. 9 lambs at Is. to Is. 1 Ad" 19 pieces at8Ad. to 9d. IMP-58 at I Id. to Is. lid., 15 lambs at 9¿d. to 11\. 2Jd., 2 skin at 1 Id. D over TC in square 8 locks and pieces at 8d. to Is. l¿d., 14 damaged at is. to Is, l¿d , 6 lambs-at Is., I broken at lOd , 1 skin at I0d., 5 locks and pieces at8¿d. TC in square-1 at Hld., 3 lambs at Is. 3d., 2 skin at 9id., 2 greaso at 6Íd" 3 lock's at 8id. DCS 74 bales at 9Jd. to Is. ljd . 9 pieces at 8d. to 8Jd PE conjoined in circle-17 at 8Jd. to lid., 2 un- washed at 8d , 1 pieco at 7d. HE-10 at Id., 3 lambs at Hid.. 1 locks at 8Ad. Ex Alice'Afaud.- D-53 at 9J. to lOJd , 13 damaged at Cd. to Sid., 2 lambs at lOJd , 2 two sorts at 9d" 2 skin at 9d., 6 broken at 7¿d. to 8d., 1 part black at 8d. JR-2 skin nt7¿d., 1 da- maged ditto at Cid. Conjoined triangles over P -3 at 9d. D\V under ditto-2 at 7d. ICK in square under-1 at 9d. Ex Stag.-S & C-23 at 9Jd. to UJd., 2a maged atfl¿d" 3 looks at 7$d, W & O over J 46 at lid. to Hld., 2 broken at lOd., 10 pieces at 7¿d. to 8¿d. JC over JA-23 at 9d. to lOJd , 2 damaged at 8d., 1 locks at ß$A. Ex William Parker-.M in triangle-47 at lOJd. to lljd , 9 lambs at Is. Id., 1 fleece at Is., 2 sitia at lid, 2 mixed at lid., 1 locks at 7¿d. ' Ex Marion-WF-5 at 10¿d., 1 locks at 7d., 1 grease at G J. TUE CONTINENT. AUSTRIA.-The Emperor of Austria has abdicated in favor of his nephew, Francis Joseph, son of Archduke Francis Charles. The new Emperor is l8 years of age. The reason assigned by Emperor Ferdinand for his resignation of the Im- perial Crown is the necessity, of having a younger and more vigorous Sovereign placed over the empire in the present criti- cal stale of public affairs. The ex- Emperor has retired to Prague. Vienna continued tranquil. The official act of abdication, together with the first address of the new Emperor upon ascending the throne, are dated the 2nd December. The ex-Emperor was bom on the 19th April, 179S. He was crowned King of Hungary on the 4th September, 1830, and King of Lombardy and Vienna on the 6th September, 1838. He succeeded his father on the 2nd March, 1835, to the throne of Austria, and has therefore worn the impe- rial diadem thirteen years and a-half. Count Wersenberg, who has served his country fifty-five years,has withdrawn from public life. The Emperor appeared to feel much at parting with his faithful servant. The Count has addressed a note to all the Ambassadors, in which he'assigns as the reason for resigning his ministerial func- tions, his inability conscientiously to dis- charge his arduous duties in these critical times, by reason of his advanced age. FRANCE.-Prince Louis Napoleon has been elected President by a most over- whelming majority. He has put forth an address, in which he professes his determi- nation to rule in accordance with the con- stitution; and, to show his readiness, he has submitted the names of three indi- viduals to the Assembly, from which lie, has requested them to choose% the Vice President. One of these is too infirm for office-another is so unpopular as not likely to he elected-and the third, M. Arago, is therefore likely to walk over the course. The names of those set forth as the mem- bers of the future Government indicate that the Prince is not devoid of caution. Thev are men not likely to give offence, and will do well until Louis is able to act with a stronger hand. The Prince has assumed the cöcked-hat and dress of his celebrated uncle. The Illustrated News, of the 16th December, has the following article on the progress of the election : Tho results of the Presidential Election in France, as far as they are yet ascertained, show a largo majority for M. Louis Napoleon Bona- parte. In most of the districts, the number of suffrages he has obtained are as two, three, and even four to one, compared with those registered for General Cavaignac. In some towns, as Amiens, the electors are unanimous in favour of M. Bona- parte. The votes offered for M. de Lamartine, M. Ledru-Rollin, and M. Raspail aro few. and would not merit notice, except for the significant proof thoy afford of the fickleness of popular opinion with regard to M. de Lamartine, once the idol of the nation. M. Ledru-Rollin and M. Ras- pail scarcely have beon called candidates, Had they formally solicited tho suffragos of their ad herent8, they would undoubtedly havo stood in a higher position ; especially M. Raspail, who would havo received the support of tho Communists, Cabetists, and Fourierists, who swarm in Paris, Lyons, Rouen, and other populous towns. There is no reason for tho belief that any returns from remoter districts, or tho final summing up and verification of the votes, will alter tho relativo numbers for the two candidates. M. Louis Na- poleon may therefore be looked upon as the elected President of the French Requblie. Tho nation has pronounced ;-and for good or for evil, has nominated for its chief ruler a rann of whom no ono in France knows anything tbat is not foolishly ambitious, except that ho is the nephew and representative of tho greatest tyrant that over ruled over France, and the moat mischievous man that was ever permitted to be the scourge of humanity. Never did the principle of universal suffrage receive a greater blow than has been ad. ministered to it by this proof of the reverence paid by the French multitude to tho memory of Napoleon-a man whose name, had he not (lind in exile and captivity, would havo been as exe- crated, even by Frenchmou, as it is now adored. " Ii nous faut un mint," sings M. Barthelemy, tho author, who, in conjunction with M. Mery, some twenty years ago, wrote the notorious poem, " Tho Son of tho .Man;" and whoso Uonaportist affections have broken out again with more than their pristine virulence " We must have a man," ho exclaims ; and tho French havo got it. Wo hope that it will be of the service they ex- pect, and that in addition to the name which they have chosen they will find an honest man attached to it. However this may bo, it is certain that the great démocratie Republic has expressed its dis- like or distrust of the principle that called it into existence, by making choice of an individual whose only claims are derived from his hereditary descent, when it had the power and the oportnnity to support a principle more iu accordance with its origin. Wo must not, however, do M. Louis Napoleon injustice. Though he havo been chosen by a glory-loving people merely because his undo gained battles for their forefathers, it is possiblo that the elected may prove wiser than the electors. He may. rise to the height of his own position. He may be animated by tho best intentions, lie may desire sincerely to found upon a stable basis the Republic of which ho is the creature ; and ho may possess abilities which he has never yet had an opportunity to display. Wo sincerely trust that it will prove so. At all events ho will have a difficult game to play, if he attempt to play false with the Republic. The men who raado the Revolution have not shown themselves very fit for tho task of governing great nation In office they have been little. In opposition they may be groat, The unpopularity that always follows power liko its shadow has adhered to them. They will now, if they be wise, retire into constitutional opposi- tion, and respect the choice of tho people. If they do so the unpopularity of power will, in due time, settle upon their successors, and General Cavaignac, M. Marrast, and their friends will beeoni popular in their turn. The odium of taxa- tion and the blame of all the distress and calamity that the French nation is fated to undergo before it can settle down into its old quietude and in- dustry, will be laid upon the shoulders of the new President, and his ministers ; tho Republican phalanx, composed of leaders who now differ from each other on minor points of policy, will on I ho other hand postpone or forget their differences and become firm and united. They will be a power in the Assembly and in the nation, which Louis Napoleon, and M. Thiers, and all the statesmen of the old regime who will gather around him, will find it inexpedient to outrage or despise. In fact, if Louis Napoleon be honest, he may prove a better Pesident than his competitor for that perilous dignity. As it would be unjust at present to throw doubts at present upon his honesty, let us presume that ho U so. Yet weinust confess, that whatever we may hereafter think of him, wo should have thought much better of the French people if they had not elected him. The Ditpatch, of the 17th December, publishes the following portraiture of Prince Louis Napoleon ; Charles Louis Napoleon Bonaparte is the third son of Louis Bonaparte, onco King of Holland, -and third brother of tho Emperor Napoleon. His mother Hortense, afterwards Duchess of St. Len, was the daughter of the Empress Josephine by her first husband. She was united to Louis Bo- naparte in 1802, against the wishes of both, but in compliance with the strong desire of Nupoleon and Josephine. The murringo was a most un- happy one. Three sons were the issue of the un- fortunate union. The oldest, Napoleon Charles, died in 1807; tho second was killed iii 1832, in the insurrection which took place in Romagna, and in which both brothers were concerned. From that period, Charles Louis, tho survivor, endea- voured to exoite notice in Franco. He published various pamphlets, and produced the plan of a constitution, of which the elements were said to havo been at once demoeratio, St. Simonian, and imperial. Princo Louis Napoleon-who continued to be so named by courtesy-had received a military education at Berne, was admitted nn honorary citizen of the Swiss Republic, nud was at length a Captain of Artillery iu the Swiss service. In spite, however, of his military education and of various efforts to create an extraordinary import- ance in the eyes of the French, he remained in ob- scurity, regardod by none but the little coterie which surrounded him, till, impatient of his situa- tion, ho made on absurd attempt at Strasburg, to seize the throne occupied by the King ot tho French. Ho had formed a correspondence with Colonel Vaudry, of tho garrison of Strasburg, and the colonel had seduced a few men of the garrison persuading Louis Bonaparte that he had only to show himself to raise a military movement which would procure for him a crown. Early in the morning of the 30th October, 1836, the Prince ap- peared at Strasburg, dressed in a uniform somu what resembling that which his undo used to wear, adorned with decorations, in the hope that the historical dress and insignia would operate strongly to the furtherance of his sehemo. Accom- panied by Vaudrey, ho proceeded to the barracks of tho Artillery, of whioh tho latter was Colonel. The Colonel told his men that a revolution had been accomplished in Paris-that Louis Phillippo was no more...that Napoleon II., tho descendant of the " Great Man, " had been proclaimed, and that hero- presenting Louis-was Napoleon I II. The dupes shouted for the new Emperor, and followed him and their Commander. They ar rosted the Prefect in his bod, and placed a guard upon .him. One body of tho mutineers, led by a Colonel Parquin, then marched to tho house of General Voirol. Tho Commander of the division informed him of the newa, and requited him to do his duty to the now Emperor. The General addressed the soldiers, and soon succeeded in convincing thom that thoy had been iropo-ied upon. Being set at liberty, he immediately secured tho citadel. In the meantime the new Emperor and his Colonel had proceeded to tho barracks of the 46lh regiment to repoat the same farce ; but an aiiie-do-carap of' General Voirol, who had made his escape while the General was haranguing the soldiers, gave notion to the General of that regiment of what was taking place, who hastened to the barrack,' ia which he found the Prince and his followers endeavouring in vain to seduco the men. Tho gates were immediately, closed, and the whole party arrested. General yoirot having' , likewise arrived from the eitidel, after liberating tho Prefect, the mutineers and their leaders were, safely lodged in prison. Tho other nersonsim plicated were detained for trial ; but Princo Louis was allowed to go to the United States, and a French frigate sailod with him from L'Orient on the 21 st of November. The Prince had hardly landed on the shores of the other hemisphere when he retraced his steps to Europe. It is unnecessary, in this sketch of history, to notice any particulars until ho againr made another absurd attempt to seize the sove- reignty of France. In the month of August, 1840, he hired an English steamer, called the City of Edinburgh, in Loudon, arid embarking there on' board with Count Montliolon, General Voisin, and 53 other persons, besides a tame eagle which was intended to net no unimportant part ia the drama-they, on Thursday, the Cth August, landed at Boulogne. _ They marched into the town about 5 o'clock ht tbe morning, and tra- versed the streets, shouting "Vive l'Empereur I" The first attempt they made was at the guard- house, where they summoned the troops to sur-'' render, or join with them. Tho only roan who proved a traitor to his Sovereign was a young lieutenant of tho 42nd, who tried to induce th» soldiers to accompany the Princo. Ho, however; failed in the attempt ; and as the National Guard soon beat to arms, and began to muster in force, Princo Louis retreated with his motley followers out of the toon towards the pillaron the height above Boulogno, called tho " Colonne de Napo- leon," and there ho planted a flag, with a golden eagle at the top of the staff. Finding, however, . that he was hard pressed with unequal numbers, he retreated to tho beach, nnd was captured in attempting to escape to tho steamer which lay in , the harbour. His followers were also taken ; but one unfortunate man was shot while struggling ia the waves. Prince Louis, with Count Montliolon. General Voison, and others, were soon conveyed prisoners to Paris, whero thes were tried before tlio Chamber of Peers, on tho charge of high treason. When the Princo landed at Boulogno, he had immediately scattered printed papers, addressed to tho French nation, in which he commenced by saying, that tho Bourbon dynasty had ceased to reign, and that he appointed M. Thiers Presidont, of tho Council, and Marshal Clause] Minister of War. Wo must not forget to mention, that the tame eagle on board tho Edinburgh, had been in- tended to create stage effects, by being let looso from the vessel, ami flying straight to the Co- lonne he Napoleon, where it was to alight, nnd thus bo an omen of success to the revolution. For this purposo it is understood to havo been trained to taae its food from Prince Louis ; but wo cer- tainly cannot explain how these mad visionaries hoped to make it play its part in the tragic comedy they were acting. The trial of tho Princo and his followers took place at tho beginning of October, before upwards of 160 of tho Peors of Franco, roany of whom owed their elevation to his undo, the Emperor Napoleon K1. Berryer appeared as counsel for for the Prince and Count Montholon, and made a most eloquent defence, but in vain. The former was sentenced to perpetual imprisonment in a fortress in France ; the latter, with three others, to twenty years' " detention," and the others ta various terms of detention. The Lieutenant who had proved traitor at Boulogne, was sentenced to transportation. The Priuee was afterwards con- voyed prisoner to the citadel of Ham, whero somo years before, the members of the Polignao Admi- nistration had been confined after tho revolution of July. On the25lh of .May, 1846, ho made his . escape from the fortress, where he had been con- : fined for six years. He effected his exit from tho castle by assuming the dress, as a disguise, of a workman, and thus deceiving the vigilance of the guards. Ile immediately crossed tho Troatier into- ' Belgium, nnd then took refuge in England, where ho resided until the late Revolution in Parisr when ho was elected a Representative in tho Na- tional Assembly. At prosent, there is"every" chanco of his being chosen President of the Re- public-a post to which he is totally unsuited. He is a weak-minded man, deficient in oratory, and scarcely ablo to dictate or write an ordinary letter. ITALY.-The progress of the revolu- tionary movement has driven Pope Pius IX. from Rome, and has forced him to take refuge at Gaeta. The sensation created by the event, not only in Italy, but through- out Europe was immense, and it was likely to throw the whole Continent into renewed convulsions. Tile Pope lied from the Eter- , nal City on the 25th November, and arrived at Gaeta on the 26ih, after some narrow escapes. It was generally believed that his Holiness would not long remain in the Neapolitan fetales, but would make Malta his resting-place, no doubt feeling greater security under the Biitish flag, the general protection of the destitute princes of the Continent. In the meantime, great anxiety was felt as to his future proceedings. The Tablet, a Roman Catholic journal, ask» - -" Hut what shall we say of the terrible intelligence from Rome?''* " The guilt of the Roman and generally of the Italian Liberals, can hardly be exaggerated. The critical position-not of the Popedom ; that was never safer or more firmly established -but of the Pope; of the holy Pontiff, who a few months ago «as the idol of all the pretended worshippers of freedom, is too patent to require enforcing by many words Everybody asks, what will become of the Pope ? Will he take refuge in France? Will he accept the hospiiality of England? Will he carry St. Peter's chair from the blood-st.iined city, in old limes the Babylon* of the Apostles, and transfer it to the modern Babylon,from the inhuman ferocity of Rome afflicted with a new Paganism? Will ho erect his spiritual throne in Ireland? Will he dignify the New World with the presence of his august Pontificate? These question» are in every mouth, and it is more easy to ask them than to find any satisfactory solu- tion of the great problem they involve.""' What future may await Pio Novo himself, ' as Rome is now in the hands of a fierce de- mocracy, is known only to him who " can see the end from the beginning." That the event is pregnant with large and important consequences must be plain to the most ca- sual observer. The case is a new one in, the history of the Papal dominions It*) other times, it is true, Popes have been expelled from Rome, but it was always the man, who was expelled, the Papal Sova- . reignty was always recognised. In the present case the Soveieignty was extin- guished before the man was driven to fly for his life. In Fiance great interest is felt in the quastion, and General Cavaignac increased his popularity considerably, by ' ordering a force lo be dispatched lor the peisonal protection of the Pope. The following article on the question between the Pope und his contumacious subjects ii from the Illustrated London. Neivs, 16th December :- . Tho differences between tho Pope and his, subjects seem to inereaso. His people, while they e\pi ess the warmest attachment for his person, tnko care to treat his orders with disobedience, if not with contempt s and theTope himself fulmi- nates proclamations, which reads moro like re- ligious bulls denouncing wrath against unbo- . hovers, than the political stato papers of a con-, htitutional Savcreign. Shortly after his arrival at Gaeta his Holinoss dispatched an ordonnança to Cardinal Cnstracoiii at Rome, declaring void!" all tho acts of tho Mamiani Ministry, mid super Beding tho Chambers and tho Government by a State Commission. Cardinal Castrncani com- municated the document to the President of the Chamber, and a meeting, hastily convoked, as Bcmbled at midnight, on tho 3rd instant, to con- sider it. No sooner did tho gentlemen named in tho State Commission hear of tho honor intended for them, than they either declined to act, or fled from Rome. Tho President, in introducing tho rescript, stated that it came beforo thcin in no official form. It was dated from a fortress in a foreign tirritory, and ho had jet to leam that a Monarch absent without leave from his domi- nions could expect deference from his constitu- tional subjects. The Pope had alleged that ho was under restraint in Rome, and that he had fled to bo at liberty, but li H people were not satisfied that he was more free under tho guardianship of Neapolitan bayonets. He could not even con- sider tho rescript as the spontaneous emanation of the Pope's own mind. The Chamber, after deliberating nil night, issued a proclamation in tho morning declaring its unanimous opinion that tho rescript addressed to Cardinal Castraconi was informal and invalid, as it was countersigned by no responsible Minister The proclamation added, that the Chamber had no personal know- ledge that the Pope was not acting under re- straint, and that a deputation of both Houses should bo appointed to wait on his Holiuess and request his return io his own dominions. Had the Popo proceeded to Malta, as was his original intention, his flight might not havo pro- duced an injurious effect on his personal popu- larity. Tho democracy of Rome, Ancona, Foglino, Perugia, Forli, and other towns, look, however, with jealous mistrust on his residenco in tho Neapolitan territory ; and tho praises lavished by tho Pontiff, both in his public praters, and in his short uddrossos to the King and Royal Family of Naples, upon tho " faithful army " of that State, betoken a reliance^ upon physical forco for the re-conquest of his lost position, which is far from satisfactory to his people. M. Mnmiini has announced to the Chamber of Depu- ties that the Ministers, in order to fulfil the promise they made to the people on assuming office, have determined to proclaim forthwith a Constituent Assembly for tho whole of Italy. He, in consequence, demanded of the Chamlicr the necessary authority to commence negotiations with tho other Italian Slates for this purpose, beginning with Tuscany. Tho mission of the Constituent Assembly will be to frame a federal compact, which whilst it shall respect the exis- tence of isolated States by leaving their form of Government and their fundamental laws un- changed, will securo tho liberty, tho union, and the absoluto independence of Italy. The draft of a bill to this effect has been received, and or- dered to be printed for distribution among the mom UM s . Romo remains perfectly tranquil, and all the j Jncipal towns of tho Papal States havo given in 'InTèir adhesion to the Ministry. A writer on the Prophecies makes the following observations on the present occur- rences in Europe. The work is entitled .* The Seventh Vial, being an Exposition of the Apocalypse, and in particular of the Pouring-out of the Seventh Vial, with espe- cial reference to the present Revolutions in Europe." The writer observes We have now entered upon that most magnifi- cent and terriblo period in the Volume of Pro- phecy, tho out-pouring of the Seventh Vial (Rev. i zvi. 17, l8) ; that the Revolutions which are shaking tho nation of Europe to their centre aro the beginnings of the judgments connected with it; and that, so far from anticipating tho restora- tion of general tranquillity, we may look for still wider and more desolating sorrows, increasing till about the year 1865, when he calculates that the second of Daniel's supplementary periods will terminate Ho tcllsjus, " We can look for no pause in present convulsions: on the contrary, we must expect that they shall go on, till autho- rity has been utterly prostrated, aud society utterly dissolved, and Papal Europa shall bo shekedand pillaged, and become one social con- flagration, with the smoke of its torment ascend- ing up day and night. * * The time of for bcarance with the Papal nations is ended, and a judicial period has commenced-short, but awful God will reckon with the world befóte passing to a new dispensation, and avenge all tile righteous blood shed upon the earth, from the martyrs that fell under Pagan Rome, to those that perished upon the gibbets of Scotland, or were shot on lier mountains, and now sleep amid the green slopes of the Pentlands." There is every likelihood of a general war in Europe. The whole Continent con- tinues in the most unsettled state, and things appear to be getting worse, instead of better. Should the Pope accept the pro- tection of France, wat with Austria will immediately ensue. In consequence of the abdication of the Austrian, Emperor, the Hungarians have declared the Crown of that kingdom vacant, and the Austrians were preparing to enter it with th ir armies. The Germanic Convention of States had determined that the head of the Confede- ration should be a hereditary Emperor: the King of Prussia and the Emperor of Austria were candidates for the office. CHRISTENING OF THE HEIR TO THE CROWN OP BRAZIL.-The Imperial Prince was baptised on the 4th of Ootober, and received the name of Don Pedro, the Emperor of Austria and the Duchess of Braganza being the sponsors by proxy. A great many titles and decorations were pro- mulgated on the occasion.-Dell's Weekly Mes- senger, December 2. THE I.AT.Î VISCOUNT MELBOURNE_Tho fol- lowing particulars of tho illness of the late vis- count may bo relied upon as correct:-ilis lord- ship was taken unwell about seven weeks backs, with symptoms which were considered by the or- dinary medical attendants to denote dyspepsy, and his lordship was treated accordingly, without apparently any beneficial result. At length Dr. Holland was summoned from London for his ad- vice, and the noble patient was considered some- what better, when he suffered a relapso, and jaun- dice of aggravated form set in, and he contmuod to sink hourly up to his dissolution. Dr. Holland paid his lordship his last visit on Sunday, tho 19th November, and then informed the relatives of his lordship that he could hold out no hopes of his lordship's ultimate recovery, in which opinion \- Dr. Thomas, ot Hatfield, who was the constant attendant on the viscount, coincided -Ibid. LORD MELBOURNE'S WILL -Lord Melbourne's executors are, ne hear, no other than Henry Lord Brougham and Edward Ellice tho older. Now, though no man leaves behind him anything so in- teresting as his property, to those who are to share it, yet, to the public, such a man as the lato Lord Melbourne leaves something which is far moro important in the shape of private correspon- dence, notes of important ti ansactions, correspon- dence with the great porsons engaged in thom, and, in Bhort, all the various private documents of a statesman's life. These papers come as a matter of right into the hands of Lord Brougham and Mr. E. Ellice.. Of course theie is not tho slightest doubt tiiat in such hands thoso docu- ments wilt only bo put to honourable uses Still there is a something, not very, easy to describe, which causes tho Whigs to feel uncomfortable that all they havo said in writing to Lord Mel- bourne should fill into tho hands ot Ld Broughim. They are not at all happy about it, and if the de- ceased lord received any injury at their hands, his ghost noes not " walk unrevenged amongst them."-Pust. Sir George Grey is about td instituto a searching inquiry into the expenditure of tho prisons under government control, and of tho com ict department. -Ibid. MATRIMONIA! ON DIT-Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer is. we learn, shortly to lend to the hyme- neal nltar the lion. Georgiana Wollesley, youngest daughter of the late, and sister to the present, Lord Cowley. The ceremony, it is_ said, will bo performed at Hatfield House, the seat of the Mor. qui> of Salisbury, undo of the fair fiancee. The Duke of Wellington and a largo family party will as'emble thcro on the occasion,-Ibid, THE REV. FATHER MATHEW.-Tho'membors oftho North Star Temperance Society havo re- ceived a letter from the" Apostle of Temperance," which contains the following gratifying announce- ment :-" My health is now, Thank God, com- pletely restored, and I anxiously look forward to tho fulfilment of my ardent desires in the ensuing spring. I have already communicated with the high- minded people of America on the subject."_ Ibid. BniTisH GUIANA.-It is rumoured that Mr. Barkly, M.P. for Leominster, has been appointed to succeed Sir J. Light as Governor of British Guiana, Mr. Barkly is a West India proprietor. -Ibid. The total amount raised by the Church Mis- sionary Society, hinco its commencement in 1799, exceeds two millions fivo hundred thousand pounds.-Ibid. EMIOBATIOS. - On tho 24th November the Steadjast, Captain Spencer, tailed for Sydney, with 182J statute adults. The Ospiey, Captain Honey man. sailed the same day with 264 adults for Port Phillip. The American two-topsail schooner, Crocus, Captain Sturtcbanks, witli 150 Gorman and other emigrants from Bremen, also sailed for New York. The Midlothian is ap- pointed to be at Plymouth on the 4th inst. The Digby has orders on that day to ship her passen- gers for the same destination. Thoy will consist exclusively of another batch of Irish girls picked from the Irish unions. The Tory, for Sydnoy, is to be at Plymouth on the 8th of December ; the Ramdies, for South Australia, on the 12th ; and the General Palmer, for Port Phillip, on tho 17th. Tho Coromandel, for Port Adelaide. Port Phillip, and Sydney, will call at Ply mouth on the 7th inst. ., and the Garland Grove, for Port Phillip and Ade- laide, on the 12th. The Cornish people continue to emigrate, in great numbers, in consequence, of tho large number of miners that have boen " knocked," and tho general badness of trade in that county, as well as the excellent news that has arrived from time to time relative to the pro- gress of mining development in South Australia, The miners in West Devon and East Cornwall aro getting more employment, several mines having resumed their workings within the lust fortnight. -Ibid. REVISION OF THE CUSTOMS ESTABLISHMENT. The committee of inquiry into the Customs de- partment consists of Earl Granville, vico presi- dent of the Board of Trade; Sir Alexander Spearman, formerly Assistant Secretary to tho Treasury ; and G. Hayter, Esq., M P., Judgo Advocate General, with T. Peregine Courtenay, Esq., of the Treasury, for secretary.- Ibid OFFER OF KKIQHTHOOD TO THE LATE LORD PnovosT OF EDINBURGH.-The Scotsman states that Mr. Black has received intimation, through Lord John Russell, of her Majesty's intention to confer on him the honour of knighthood. Mr. Blaok has, however, seen fit to decline the title. -Ibid. LLOYD'S COFFEE HOUSE_On Saturday morning, about one o'clock, a dense volume of smoke was noticed to issue from one of the upper rooms of Lloyd's Coffee House, Royal Exchange Not a moment was lost in arousing the persons residing therein, and speedy information was sent to the fire stations. Meanwhile several persons had entered, and in one of tho counting houses the fire was discovered, having originated from ignited bond timber unner the fire-place. By dint of great exertions for an hour, and cutting away by the firemen, the alarm soon subsided, but not until sume damage to the building had resulted from tho progress of the fire.- Globe, November 20. The election for President of the United States took place on the 7th instant. Thu Europa, which brought tho result to London, as far as it could then be ascertained, left New York on the 8th, eighteen hours after tho closing of the poll. By means of the electric telegraph it was known that General Taylor bad received 131 electoral votes against General Cass's 20, in tho States nearest to Now York. As 146 votes woul I placo the former in an nbsolute majority, there was no doubt of a triumph beyond even the anticipation of his friends. Tlio Times highly eulogises the choice of the Americans. , " His speeches, his lettors, and his »hole con- duct," says that journal, "bhow him to be a gen- tleman, a man of temper, of conciliatory habits, and good sense. The humanity of which he has given many proofs in his military career, has been equally conspicuous, though doubtless equally tried in the new field of political warfare. The mild tone of tho General's addresses shows that ho can spare his fellow citizens as well as his foes, and respect feelings as well as life and property. From the report of the General Board of Health, we see that in London and its vicinity the cholera still existed, but not to an alarming extent -, the total number of enses reported being 387; deaths, 207 ; recoveries. 95 ; under treatment, or the re- sult not slated, 85. The provinces have been very slightly infected, the coses reported being only 70; death, 42 ; recoveries 10 ; under treatment, l8. In Scotland the disease has been much more pre- valent and fatal, the number of cases, up to the 20th of Novembor, being 728 ; deaths, 356 ; re- coveries, 110 ; under treatment 262. Up to the same date, at Woolwich, there has been no now cases for several days, and no deaths during the last eight days. There are only nine now under treatment, and the cases can scarcely be termed other than diarrhoea. Tho medical man in charge of the coses, stated to-day that no further returns would be made, as all the cases now on board the Unite convict hospital ship, were so convalescent that no danger was apprehended in any of them. The ship Jupiter, Captain Meehan, belonging to the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, arrived at Southampton on tho 18th of November. By her, letters lind been received, stating that public tranquility throughout Portu- gal remained undisturbed, but that a conspiracy had been detected by the Government, whose vigilence had saved the country from an outbreak which was to have taken place on All-Saints'-day, the anniversay of the great earthquake. A number of the disaffected had been put under arrest to be tried by court martial. A large masss of correspondence of Don Miguel and hie followers had been discovered. "The Portuguess Government had displayed considerable forbear- ance in respect to parties supposed to be con- nected with the abortivo attempt at revolution. 