meetings of creditors. Tuesday.— Charles Gale, a single meeting, at eleven a.m. John Longfield, a single meeting, at naif-past eleven a.m. Thursday. — John and Walter Grahame, a third meeting, at ten a.m. John Grahame, an adjourned third meeting, at ten a.m. Robert Marsden Cartwright, fur certificate, at noon. Friday.— Edward Ward, a single meeting, at eleven a.m, Constitutional Association. — The Council of the Association held its usual weekly meeting on Wednesday evening last, the chair being occupied by Mr. Sutherland. The business transacted had a reference chitily to the obtaining of signatures to the petitions adopted at the late public meeting, and we are happy to say that theie is every prospect of a large number of signatures being obtained. We take this opportunity of reminding the members of the Association that the time is rapidly approaching for the election of the new Council, and as by the constitution of the Association it is required that all nominations of candidates must be delivered in writing 1 Uie secretary at least fourteen days before the day of election, together with the candidate's written consent to take the ollice if elected, it is necessary that the members should be looking about them for proper persons for the Councillorship, as on the efficiency of the Council depends in a great measure the ultimate utility of the Association itself. For the information of the mem bers generally, we transcribe the rules relative to the election which is to take place on the second Monday in March " Candidates for the office of Councillor must be nominated by members of not less than two months' standing, (except for the first election by ballot, in which case only one month's standing will be sufficient,) and all nominations must be delivered in writing to the secretary, at least fourteen days before the day of election, together with the candi date's written consent to take the said office." " A list of the candidates with their proposers' names shall be exhibited in the rooms or office of the Association, at least ten days before the day of election." Theatricals. — A new and entertaining drama, entitled The Heiress of Bruges, or the CIuef of the Black Walloons, was produced at the Victoria on Monday evening, and was well re ceived by a very crowded house. The acting of Nesbitt.as Guspur, the slave, was as usual very effective, being one to suit his genius. Mrs. Guerin was also very efficient as Beatrice, the sister of Gaspar. With the afterpiece, The Ocean of Life, or Every Inch a Sailor, wo were not so well pleased, Mr. Nesbitt, though he played extremely well, was evidently out of his element in the character of a Jack Tar ; and some of the scenes were rather marred by the stupidity of the scene-shifters. On Tuesday evening the beautiful drama of Don Caesar De Bazan was brought out, and was rendered very attractive by the acting of Griffiths as the Don, and Mrs. Gueriu as Marilana the Gypsy. The after-piece, Love Laughs at Locksmiths, also went oil very well. On Thursday evening the opera of La Sonnamdula was produced, and drew a very respectable house ; but into the merits of this piece, which has been so often before the Sydney public, we need not enter. La Sonnambula was followed by My Husband's Ghost, and This House to be Sold, upon Both of which it is unnecessary to offer any remark. We do not wish to censure, but we cannot help observing that if Mr. Arabin would pay a little more attention to the parts assigned to him, it would be well. Upon the whole, he is not an incompetent actor, but for the last few weeks we have observed in him a sort of carelessness and apathy which certainly will not conduce to make him a favourite with the public. News and Rumours. — An attempt is being made at Adelaide to establish a company for the formation of a railroad between that city and the port. — A private letter received at Adelaide states that Captain Sturt may be expected there early in the present year.— Nine tons copper ore from the Motong Mines were sold at Swansea on the 2 1 st September, at 11/. Is. (id. per ton. The ore was assayed to yield 17f per cent. — The friends of J. R. Holden, Esq., intend inviting that gentleman to a dinner on Wednesday evening next, previous to his departure for England.— The first stone of a Roman Catholic Church was laid by the Rev. Mr. Hanly atMoreton Bay on the 22nd January. — A shosking accident occurred at Mr. P. Green's Hour mill, West Maitland, on Monday last. Whilst a man employed in the mill was engaged in putting a pump-strap 011 the engine-shaft he became entangled in the machinery and was drawn over the shaft; Mr. Green, who happened to be in the engine room, stopped the machinery, and the poor fellow was lileratcd, but not until he had been severely injured. Hopes are entertained of his recovery.— The wheat crops in the neighbour hood of Dungog have been all safely harvested. — On the afternoon of Friday, the 26th instant, a boat m which were two youths of the name cf Cracknel, and two sons of Mr. Henry Thomas, Under taker, Clarence-street, was upset near Clarke Island ; the boat would have been lost, and the boys in all probability have been drowned, but for the exertions of G. R. Nichols, Esq., who was on the island and put olf to their assistance. The Railway Company.— The Provisional Committee of the Railway Company will immediately commenee actual operations, as Mr. F. W. Shields, who has been appointed engineer, will join'the Company in a few days. Mr. Norton, who has been appointed solicitor, has commenced the draft of the bill for the Legislative Council. A correspondence has been opened with the Government respecting the proposed guarantee, which it was submitted ought to be made permanent instead of for ten years, as in that case it would be a proper investment for trust moneys, of which there is a latge sum in the colony which cannot he invested, there being 110 security in which the Supreme Court would feel justified in allowing the moneys of infants or other persons to be laid out. The Govern ment have declined to give a permanent guarantee as there is no precedent for it, but the Executive Council have advised the Go vernor to consent to a guarantee for twenty-five years should the Legislature pass a bill sanctioning it ; and they also advise that the interest shall be paid half-yearly on all moneys actually expended, whether in provisional or permanent works. We believe it is the intention of the Committee to urge the permanent guarantee again upon the consideration of the Government, not only on the ground that it will be a benefit to the Company, but also that it is of great importance to the colony that a fund should bo created in which large sums of money belonging o various trusts, and which are now lying wholly unproductive, could be invested ; and as it is only during the infancy of the undertaking that there is any proba bility of the Government being called upon to. pay anything, we cannot see why ths application should be refused. The Government have shown every disposition to assist the Company, and have de tached a gentleman from the Surveyor-General's department to examine the country on the banks of tha Hawkesbury, to ascertain the best route for attaining the level of the table land. There is no fear now of the Company " going-a-head." - Herald, The Franchise. — We are glad to learn that measures are about to be taken for holding a public meeting to petition for an exten sion ot the franchise at Bathurst. A preliminary meeting has, we understand, been convened for Monday evening next, and the subject has been warmly taken up by some of the leading indivi duals of the district. This is as it should he, and we trust other towns in the interior will follow the example. Petty Sessions.— His Excel.ency the Governor has been pleased to appoint Mr. Cornelius Delohery, to be clerk of Petty Sessions. for the Court established at the building known as the Police Office, in George-street, in the city of Sydney ; also, Mr. William Kelman.to be eletk of Petty Sesionsat Balranald, in the district of the Lower Darling, To Builders And others.— Court House Y/ellington. — Tenders will be received at the Colonial Secretary's Office, until noon of Monday, the 5th March next from persons willing to contract for the erection of a Court House, at Wellington. Plan and spe cification may be seen, and further particulars obtained at the Colonial Architect's Office, Sydney, or at the Police Office, Welling ton, and tortus of Tender may be obtained at those offices. The Tenders are to state the time in which it is proposed to complete the work ; and at the foot of every Tinder there must be a memorandum signed by the party tendering, and two responsible persons as sureties, agreeing to be responsible for the due performance of the Contract, in the event of the Tender being accepted, and under taking, in that event, that they will severally execute arid deliver at the Office of the Civil Crown Solicitor, in Sydney within one month from the usual notification of acceptance, a Bond to Her Majesty in the penal sum of £5C0, for securing such performance, otherwise such Tender will not be taken into consideration.. Par ties tendering or their agent3 are requested to attend at the Colonial Secretary's Office at the time named for opening the Tenders, to allot tl any information or explanation that may be required. Immigrants. — Since our last publication the hiring of the Thomas Arbuthnot immigrants has ptocceded more slowly than ha3 been the case with any previous immigrants, excepting perhaps the refugees from France. One family has been discharged from the depot, the husband having refused a reasonable offer of employment, while two other families, one young woman and one young man, have left the depot to join friends or without engagement. One man and wi'e have been hired as shepherd and hutkeeper at 25/; per year and two rations; one married man has hired as a car penter in town ; four girls and young women have hired as house servants, at 2s. 6d. per week, and L I. and 13/. per year ; and three young men have hired, one as a shopman at 12/. per year, one as a farm labourer at 5s. per week, and one as a mason in town.- — Maitland Mercury. Education.— On the 3 1st December there were 9272 children attending school in the city and police district of Sydney. Of these 3581 were at private schools, and 5G84 at schools receiving Govern- mnn+ oirl TnHnr tlin nnni i lu tinrt at- liii<& ii'nnl/l /riv/i nhnnt iiu oiu Aitniu v</,v one in five and a half under instruction,- V" » '",V " u>#ww« He> aid. Steam.— We have been favoured r.y the secretary to the van Diemen's Land London Agency Association with the following letter from Mr. Jackson, respecting the introduction of steam com munication with England s - " London, September 7, 1848. Gen tlemen,— I accompanied the Hon. Francis Scott this morning to the Treasury, for the purpose of making inquiry as to any steps taken or contemplated by Her Majesty's Government, with respect to the establishment of steam communication between this country ami the Australian colonies ; and we were informed by Sir Charles Trevelyan that the Lords of the Treasury had determined to invite tenders for the conveyauce by steam vessels of mails from Singa pore to Sydney ; the contract for the performance of this service to last for seven years, but with full liberty to the government, if they see proper, to send mails by steam communication to the Australian colonies, via the Cape of Good Hope. The tenders are to be called for by the Admiralty.— I am, &c.;, J. A. Jackson.— Richard Day and H. Dowling, Esquires, Van Dieman's Land."— Herald, New Assessment of all thf. Property in the City. — Tbe assessment lists of the valuation of the city property are now to be seen at the Town Clerk's Office, and will remain open for public inspection until the 17th instant, in order that any person who may feel himself aggrieved by the valuation put upon his premises may lodge a complaint in writing with tire Town Clerk; after the 17th proximo no complaint of over assessment can be received. The citizens who lodge complaints of over assessment must also mention in their appeals the name of the ward, and the number in the assessment books, for more easy reference, and to prevent mistakes in tiie assessment ultimately to he fixed by the Council. Ship Building Comfany. — It is satisfactory to know that this concern is fairly afloat, though shares may yet be obtained on the original terms. We again allude to the company, for the purpose of inviting more general co-operation from the settlers than ths association has yet received. They have produce to ship ; and while as shareholders they will promote an important branch of trade, they will participate in profits which may be rendered certain by the patronage which they can confer. Some misunderstanding prevails as to the objects of the company. They intend to build and sell. On .data which cannot be doubted it is shown that vessels constructed on the Tamar may be disposed of to advantage in England ; but it is not designed that in any instance a sale should be forced, or a sacrifice made. Two or three ships can be kept in the trade between this and London with profit to the owners, and vessels will only be disposed of at a fixed price per tori. We invite our country friends to re-peruse the prospectus with care, and hope many will feel at liberty to countenance by their aid a project which cannot involve loss, but may yield considerable gain.— Launceslon Examiner. 