CAPE COLONIES, Our advices from the Cape of Good Hope extend to the 6th of January. The social condition of the emigrant farmers in the Northern Sovereignty is described as very deplorable. " There are hundreds of men living beyond the river who are not possessed of property of the value of £20. They occupy a piece of ground, have a rickety old waggon and four or five head of cattle ; but nothing more, 'they subsist almost entirely by the chase, and as game is abun-. dant they live almost entirely on it. It is by no means a rare occurrence to find two, three, four, or more families in such circumstances, all living on one farm, and sometimes two or three families in one bartebceste hut. These habitations are miserable agents the dimensions some ten by twenty feet, the materials sticks and reeds, a reed a door, and one or two holes of six inches square to serve for windows. It is not uncommon to find such habitations occupied by two families, with ten or twelve children of both sexes. There exists among the Boers on universal dread of ghosts. No man, woman, or child will sleep in a room alone if they can help it. Many Boers that were not boom Plants with Pretorius declare that nothing would induce them to go over that ground alone and that not merely in the night, but in the middle of the day. The social evils in this quarter are great and numerous, and will require the utmost exertion, as well as much discretion on the part of the government, in the application of a suitable remedy."-- Graham's Town Journal, January 6th. The Natal Witness of the 27th of December contains the following extract from a letter dated Natal, 8th November : " We are in a dreadful state of excitement. Rumours have been busy for the last week, but now certain news has arrived, that Panda has killed every white man in his country and several powerful chiefs. All the Carries in the direction of the Zulu country have fled to the bush. The country is entirely deserted, and all agricultural pursuits put a stop to. The whole of the " Cape Cotton Company's" people came in yesterday evening, together with all the Missionaries and other inhabitants in that direction. I rode out to the other side of Umguni last evening and found the Cnffie men gone to fight. The women in that neighbourhood were coming in droves to the lady for protection. It is now 3 pm. and I am sitting up, last we should be taken by surprise, for it is thought that the " by devils ' will overrun the country. The accounts Hint came in last evening were, that Pasha's army was at the Ugella. but has not crossed. J. Meeres, who was considered a great favourite of Panda's, a short time since was in Die Hay, purchasing beads, and took his wife and family with him. Two Calves have come in, who state they saw him and his wife and children killed ; but that they managed to escape." A correspondent writes as under-Sir,-The absorbing topic of the day here is, (1 hope and think untrue,) that Panda has murdered thirteen or fourteen white men from this place, who were elephant hunting in his country; amongst them Messrs. Jan Meyer, Proudfoot, W. Comic, Puryer, Henning, Differ, Massa, Hendrik, Stydom, Mrs. Meyer, and three children. The massacre, it appears, was enacted in the usual treacherous and barbarous Kaffir style. At ever was murdered whilst on a friendly parley with the King in his kraal. Mrs. Meyer and three children were standing outside, and saw it all I After which they were murdered I-the children's brains being dashed out against the wheel tires of the waggon. Proudfoot and Cnurie's party made a desperate though ineffectual struggle, firing until their guns became too hot in use I And how, you will ask, has all this taken place? Why, as I shall presently show you, by another of the unhappy acts of the miserable optimists who govern us ; but to do this I must go back. It appears, then, that a few months past. Punda complained generally of strangers from Natal burning in his country, but especially of one Zoohey, against whom be specified and asked for instructions how to deal with such inn riders. Zoohey triumphantly rebutted his Majesty's charges, and it appear, angered both the black and white authorities. With the bitter it would appear Znoliey never was popular ; but be that as it may, Mr. West sent in Her Majesty's name every gracious reply to the savage, telling him he was king in his own country, and could act as he thought fit with the parties in question. 