SIR WILLLANF DENISON VERSUS THE COCKATOO ISLANJ1ERS alias TRUTH AGAI.V5T THE * COURIER.' HOSBSTV of sentiment and integrity of purpose, ought at least, to a bs among the chief characteristics of a public journalist; when these are found wanting, their place is n generally supplied with, the wretched substitutes of veualty and corruption. A newspaper should not be the speculation of needy and unptincipled adventurers entered on without means and without reputation, who, to gratify base and selfish motives pander to the worst passions of a dissatisfied and disappointed clique, yielding the most slavish obedience to a decayed and impussiant faction, and by libelling and villifaction endeavour to forward the views of the disconcerted, at the expense of decency s honesty, and troth, A newspaper so established, without a responsible head, is under the control of men of questionable character, who bare a like purpose to serve, and who resort to the vile expedients of falsehood and slander, thinking themselves in their secret hiding-place, secure from positive detection ; a journal thus lending its columns to such persons void of veracity, is sufficient to make the life and morals of the colony feverish and unhealthy ; and it is only a periodical thus conducted that can be found to give vent to execrable passions, and unblushingly put forth fabrications and falsehoods the most base, in the hope they will be swallowed by the credulous as truth. j It is the repetition of this repeatedly detected offence, we ave compelled at present to notice, and deprecate, on accuunt of the won. ster evil that must undoubtedly sprinj* from the tone thereby given to society, as well as tlia mean and unworthy endeavour to place the people and the Executive in antag» onistic positions. On a late occasion we convicted tbe Courier of a crime in connexion with the defence of Sturg?ss, little less than that with which their protegee has been charged; we thereupon stated we considered there was little distinction to be made between ui false witness in the box of the Supreme Court, and a Journalist I 1 that, bar wilfully perverted truth, .r„tK and „ , manufactured that which is false; we entered at some length into the case, and we certainly thought our , lucid exposition on that occasion, would have deterred the most veckless, and abandoned, from a course s, that must eventually prove of certain destruction. Our exposition, , expostulations, and warnings, b^ve , been disregarded, and we have unhappily a repetition of the most foul calumnies put forth by our contemporary, in Saturdays number, under the head " Despatches,'' against the Lieutenant Governor. th As the Guardian and true friend , of Tasmania, we cannot allow the perfidious slander to pass without reprobation; our duty to the public, our love of fair play, and above all, truth, equity, and justice, demand our immediate and unqualified contradiction of the brie£ but hot less ingenious and disreputtable forgery of our contemporary. 28 The subject ot the " Cockatoo Islanders" was one of vital importance to our adopted country. We now refer to the period when these , men were about to be transferred ert and forced by the Sydney government upon Van Diemen's Land; a procedure which then met with Sir WILLIAM DEKISON'S determined opposition. During the time his Excellency was protesting against the gross injustice attempted to be inflicted by the authorities at Sydney, the public of Tasmania became aware of the facts, and to j I his Excellency's praiseworthy remonstrances added their voices and ! 1 petitions to prevent the introduction of tliis worst clasi ot prisoners, Sir WILLIAM DEKISOK'S exertions were triumphant; his authority wa s enforced; and the Cockatoo Islanders were not allowed into Van Die men' s Laud. / The course pursued in liis exercising so sound a discretion was laid before Earl GKEY; and that" nobleman, in a recent % despatch, (No. 202) published in our journal of Wednesday, approves cf his Excellency's conduct in refusing assent to "a measure which proved to be so unacceptable to the colonists." Yet the (Courier, with the purport of the aforesaid despatch before it, in the face of facts so notorious, has the hardihood and • to publish "that his Excellency exerted bis authority to introduce them." After this we unhesitatingly pronounce that journal unrivalled, as the courier of newspaper falsehood. Our contemporary is often hard up for a " case"; for we find that recourse is bad not only to means that must cover its inventors with indeliable disgrace, but almost on all occasions does our contemporary's conjuror call forth, the ghost of the Doubts' Bill; and without the least particle of originality, that thread-bare and hackneyed topic is re-produced again and agtin, as the subject of acrimonious, but puny inculpation. Lst our contemporary, in liis desire to make accusations, boldly charge Sir WILLIAM DENISON with converting mud-holes and sandbanks into a secure harbour for our shipping; with constructing and improving our warves: with opening up our colonial resources: with mending our roads and streets, and adding to our comforts. Charge him with advancing the interests of the settler: charge him with being tbe patron of literature, and tbe friend of learning : charge him with having extorted from the home government measures calculated to promote tbe interests of the colony: charge him with being the enemy of transportation, and averting the calamities its continuation threatened us with: charge him with not aggrandizing himself out of government property,and making a fortune by underhand jobbing, as some of his predecessors have done : charge him with advancing gospel truth, and with his influence baing traceable in matters pertaining to works of piety and c'.iarity. Yes, let him be thus accused: these are charges worthy his Excellency,and to which we, in unison with the upright and honest of the people v.iil testify. But descend not to tbe miserable subterfuge of concocting' falsehood to make out a fancied case. From the foul slander of our contemporary the veriest ,, , enemy . -, of our Governor . 1 , 1 ? bould J f e turn . edawa y wllU loatU ' f tng and detestation. In pity for the Courier, we warn it, e're it be too late, to remember, that a " falsehood can only stagger through a brief existence, as a blackguard edges through a crowd by dint of bullying BUT that TRUTH however abused for a time w ;l l triumph and live for ever.'' 