THE COLONIAL ARCHITECT AND THE GAOL HOSPITAL. A paragraph in our last number informed our readers that an inquiry into the management of the Colonial Architect's department had been instil uted by the govern ment; the immediate impelling power of this dilatory step has arisen out ot the discrepant estimates with the actual expenditure of the Museum, a building which presents in its architectural outward aspect as diversified a curiosity as its incongruous and uninviting interior. In this case the government is not chargeable with yielding to popular clamour and private or anonymous slander ; for, in as far as the Colonial Architect is con cerned, they might, upon these grounds, have commenced this inquiry five years ago. Having, however, wilfully shut its eyes and its ears and slumbered at its post, the government has at length been aroused from its unsus picious confidence, and in answer to its loud calls of " VA lio's that knocking at the door ?" the formidable report of the Gaol Committee has positively electrified the somnabulist into life. In whom was more confidence placed than in the immaculate model gaoler, Keck ? Who so qualified as the governor's bodyguardsman, the loyal Captain, to b© the judge of entree , and master of ceremonies at Govern ment House'? Who would have suspected the Sheriff, with his £1,000 a year, of winking at ''corruption, pro fligacy, and gross irregularity, though invested by law with ample powers for their efficient controulT' Yet, behold how the mighty have fallen ! The concussion of that awful "report" has levelled these landmarks with the dust ; and the grape-shot of the evidence has lodged in every branch of the Executive. The Colonial Architect, amongst others, stands forth conspicuously in connectioo with the history of the Gaol Infirmary, and as his method of doing business in that case must necessarily hare attracted the attention of the Attorney General and the Speaker, we shall present some of its most prominent features to the admiration of our readers. The actors in it, " art and part," are the Colonial Architect, the Visiting Magistrate, and the Gaoler — distinguished company : trio juncto in uno. We will let Captain Innes introduce the subject : — " There is an Infirmary in the Gaol. There are two separate buildings , we built them ozirselves. Here 1 must remark, for the credit of Mr. Keck, that aithough we were allowed i. 100 by the government to erect these hospitals, try the way in which Mr. Keck employed the labour, and by sending out his own horse and cart to draw the materials, these hospitals were erected at a little under £70, thus saving tire balance to the government.'' What a magnanimous saving on a dirty, one-roomed, weather-boarded, brick-nogged caboose, that would shame any of the suburbs of the city. A free carpenter would have finished, "stock, lock, and barrel" of the " hospital" for £25, and have been thankful for the employment. The singular modesty used in the plural number Wet is significant. We , no doubt, knew that the whole materials of the irongang sleeping boxes and sheds in the stockade were - found sufficient to construct the " hospital and that with the exception of a few bundles of shingles, there was scarcely £5 worth of new materials on the ground. We omitted, accidentally of course, to mention these things at the time. It was how ever dragged out of the witness Macdermott that the very nails were prison made, and the sound of a free-man's hammer was not heard on this precious job ! There are generally two ways of teliing a story, but the gaol stories admit of various ways. We have given the Visiting Magistrate's and our own, and we shall now give Mr. Keek's, in order that the Colonial Architect's sapiency may be more easily understood, and his evidence appreciated Uy the Chairman. With regard to the money expended for the female hospital, and the shingling and other repairs to the male hospital, will you state to the Committee how it was that when there appears to have been a considerable amount of materials taken from the building in the Gaol, and a considerable amount of convict labour bestowed upon it, that you received £70 from the public funds for its erection P Mr. Keck. No person could use more economy than I did; I drew £70 and returned £12 10s. ; the timber merchants bill came to £38 alone, for timber purchased in the town ; every thing 1 could scrape up in the Gaol J scraped wp to use it ; 1 was allowed £ 1 00 ; 1 drew £70, and returned £12 10s., and 1 thought 1 would get credit for the building, o » © So particular was J that, in sending in my accounts, I returned the bills and receipts of each person. This is Mr. Keek's version ; but we have very good grounds fo,r believing that we might sooner find the ghost of Jeremy Diddler in the Colonial Treasury than one of these bills or receipts. We shall now introduce the Colonial Architect's con- Tiection with this affair. It seems that, like ourselves, the Auditor General entertained certain misgivings as to the " bills and receipts" on which Mr. Keck grounded .his claims for an advance, and wished the latter to pio- cure from the Colonial Architect a certificate that there was value for the money. That officer's account of his inspection, and his notions of the value of such erections, will be best understood from his own words:— I think it was cheap at £100 if done by the annual contractor. Mr, Keck purchased the materials. I am not aware that any of -the old materials in the Gaol were used. 1 think no free labour was employed. 1 inspected it when finished, it is a neat lilt le p ace ; answers the purpose, and was built, I suppose, on the plan of tlie Visiting Magistrate and Mr. Hock, it was built in about a month or two. It is of weather boards and brick- nog god. I daresay some of the old materials were used, in giving my certificate I did not take into consideration tue olu materials ; I did not know any thing of any being used. But mark the manner in which the Colonial Architect answers the sifting questions of Mr. William Macar- thur : — 63\. Did you take into consideration that it was done by prison Dbour P 1 did not take into consideration that any tree labour was employed. til. Then your certificate did not allow any charge for free labour P No. 65\. Then did you value the prison labour at nothing ? I took it as a general view that the money had been well spent. 66\. Of course the labour would have formed a very considerable portion of the expence P Yes. 67\. Then did you in your estimate throw the labour out of the question, and only take into consideration the value of the mate rials, or did you estimate both for the expense of labour and mate rials P I made a valuation both of labour aud materials, &c.; In his answer to question No. 54, Mr. Lewis was desirous to let it be understood that the hospital was well finished, and called it a neat little place ; but to shew that the neat little place was worth the money, he calls it in No. 73, one large room. The Auditor-General remitted to liim, to report on the value of the materials only ; but this honest architect certified for labour and materials, although he must have known that the labour cost nothing! It is cheap, he says, for if he had built it, it would have cost £140. How thankful we ought to be to Mr. Keck, wno, although a solitary hermit, was satisfied with £57 10s. ! if the Colonial Architect's Museum estimates were got up after this fashion there will' be pretty disclosures. If he escapes scatheless from the gentle pawing in store for him, we would suggest that a statue of its designer be placed over the door of the Museum ; the two grim blocks that now stand there might easily be chiselled to represent the Captain and the Hermit, and would form a not inelegant Jaehin and Boaz for the support of so very appropriate a capitol. 