Easter Amusements. AMONG the many amusements which gratified our taste and improved our morality during the Easter Holidays was a new Melodrama, entitled "The Magic Building; or the First Step to Fame." This piece was performed in one end of the Market Shed, by a Company of Amateurs, who have lately formed them-, selves into a Shakesperian Club. The house was crowded to overflowing, there being six persons pre- sent besides the door- keeper and the performers. We regret that our limited space permits us to give the 1st scene only. Scene.—The Market Place is seen in the foreground— The moon rising in the distance. Enter, Pallaverino, an Architect. Pallaver.—The full-orb'd moon is rising in the east And o'er the world a flood of silv'ry light Now softly throws. How lovely is the scene! The Jail and All Saints' Church serve as so many Foils to set off the majesty and grace Of this most classic—most enchanting structure, This—the darling study of my choicest hours. Oh I have wept and danc'd, and laugh'd, and skipp'd, And wept, and danc'd, and laughed again for joy, And wet with tears my pocket handkerchief Two dozen times, as I in fancy scann'd The fame this building will upon me heap Pyramidal. Enter, Snob, Pallaverino's servant. Snob.--How now, master. Marry, but I thought you were mad—you swung your arms so. And your eyes—rolling in a fine frenzy. What is the matter? Eh, my good master? Marry but I see it all. You'll want a bottle of best soda water to-morrow morning— won't you? But hark you, master. The lobsters are all alive to night. They have just donned their new toggery, and they feel grateful to a paternal govern- ment for taking such care of their heads. Marry, but if you don't come home and cool down, the chances are that you'll cool down in the watch-house. Marry, but a cold settle all night, and ten bob in the morning, is a capital cooler. Hist! I hear somebody coming —stand aside—mum's the word. They retire to the back part of the stage, and an apple woman enters, singing Air. Marble Halls. I dream't that I dwelt in boarded stalls With apples and pears by my side, And I saw through a chink in the cobwebb'd walls Five urchins approach in their pride. They had pence in their pockets—a goodly host, To count them I would not dare, And I also dreamt which troubled me most, They pass'd without buying a pear. I dreamt there were customers many a score, All coming to buy my fruits; But, alas, my dream was a dream, and no more, For they let them rot—the Brutes! And I dreamt the Commissioners wink'd their eyes, And laughed with a knowing grin, As they offered to let me a stall as a prize, And found they had taken me in. Enter Tipstaff, a Constable, (in a rage.) Tipstaff. So, so, Mistress Saucebox. Plotting treason against the State? Talking about taking peo- ple in—eh? What you'd like to be at—is'nt it? But just like you varmint of the lower orders. I'll teach you better manners. Do you see yon red brick house with two little ventilators in the front wall—eh? Do you see this staff? Do you see these darbys stuck in my belt? Mind yourself—a nod's as good as a wink to a blind horse.—Mind your ------- A noise is heard in the distance. Hark! what's that? A drunken row as I'm a con- stable. Another five bob in my pocket, if I can catch 'em. I'm off—Hooky Walker. Exeunt, Tipstaff and Applewoman running. Pallav—Oh if that applewoman's bastard song Were only equal to her matchless voice How sweet would be the music.—Some poor wight Without a ducat in his starveling purse And with a soul brimful of envious spite Composed that lay. But never mind, my heart Cheer up--and leave to others envious hate And all the dismal train of passion's wrong. For in the wide domains of our vast bush There's neither stable, fowl-house, hall, nor church, Shanty, bark-hut, nor any other building Will bear comparison with this tall pile On which as on an adamantine base Rests the fair pillar of my rising fame. Oh had I such a job to execute. Enter Snob. Snob.—Botheration to your execution, your adaman- tine base, and your pillars. Stir yourself—Marry, but you must stir yourself—and be off, or the beaks will be down upon you. Snob collars him and drags him off. The scene changes. The interior of the Market Place appears—a great flourish of trumpets is heard—and several ghosts are seen ap- parently in consultation at one of the stalls. 1st Ghost. We've done the job. 2nd Ghost. What? Let the stalls? 1st Ghost. Fact—on my honour. 3rd Ghost. Eh? You dont say so. 4th Ghost. Humph—poor things—but—all right. 5th Ghost. Phew (whistles.) All the Ghosts. It's a long lane has no turning. A great noise is heard without—the Ghosts vanish. Tipstaff enters with two drunkards in custody. Snob also enters leading Palla- verino. A whirlwind is seen in the distance raising clouds of dust—it approaches— and, in an instant overturns tho Magic Building, compelling all the characters to run for shel- ter to the portico of the New Court House. We do not identify ourselves with the opinions of our Correspondents. 