THE NEW CONSTITUTION". WHAT we call the new constitution is in fact a very old one, revived and newly applied. Its details may somewhat differ- from oil us predecessors ; its principles are familiar with every English- man. The dense darkness in which we were found by the sweet William" of our isle-athwart which he has been all along: throwing light rather respected our vices than our views. Nor are we half so combustible as the Governor represented ; not half so seditious, not half so prone to rebel. It is sated of a celebrated alderman that he arrested a culprit beneath London-bridge, on whose person there were found proofs palpable and flagrant-tinder-box, taper, and matches. The matches were in bundles, and much more in quantity than could be necessary for honest uses. Thus a horn of powder would identify a sportsman a barrel of cartridges found on his premises would discover a rebel. So reasoned the city sage. What could this man want with these are compelling substances ? Not certainly to destroy the bridge, for that was of stone: it was the Thames that he aimed at-the Thames, without which London would lose her commerce and England her capital- London, the envy of the world I At London a blow stricken would over- turn the constitution, and fill the radicals with triumph. The Thames, too, was composed of water a. hose spirit gave strength to porter, and wealth to Barclay Perkins : its substance, reduced to iheirdements, were till inflammable-the wild democracy of nature ; its praises, like those of all other waters, were known to him. The alderman, being, like Sir William Denison, a man of science, a political philosopher, and moreover the governor of a ward, resolved to secure the Thames-burner within four walls, and to temper his fiery spirit with the aristocracy of Newgate in the shape of turnkeys. The desperate democracy attributed by Sir William to the people of these lands has been a little exaggerated by his fears. Like the alderman who inferred arson from the quantity of matches, he has concluded too hastily, from the general opposition to his Government, that the people are unwilling to be governed at all). Like that unfortunate person who merely wanted a lodging, the colonists have been compelled to content themselves with the politics of the open air : they have talked loudly, because no one expects to be heard outside at a whisper. They have had no recognised position in the Government of their country. The petitions they have been accustomed to present have been always treated as a useful contribution of waste paper : it would be almost impossible to show a single instance in which the great number of petitioners has not been alleged as a reason for rejecting the petition, or treating the remonstrance with disdain. The very eagerness of their appeal, like the poor pedlars quantity of matches, has been objected against them. Exasperated by the cool insults of men in office, they have grown impatient, and expressed themselves in language much more general and undiscriminating than may be expected when their power is recognised and their voice obeyed. We do not, however, intend to insinuate that the political monastery established by His Holiness of Downing-street, for the sole benefit of the political Church, will be quite safe in the coming lime. The suffering St. Francis, who asserted his claims to public consideration, tells us that his office is like an orator of friars, where not only matins and at spers call to prodigious soils, but where" nightly vigils interrupt the slumber-where, while ghosts walk, he is turning over his huge folios, and writing letters about nothing. The political here ties will make awful work with these recesses of official devotion. They have the strongest suspicion that what is alleged to be the loud call of letters, answering to each other's count, repeating the dry terms of arithmetic, are jolly voices humming duties of dubious import, and chirping anything but numbers, except the poetical. Three times three is not the most laborious species of reckoning, and the decanter not the most disagree- able kind of correspondence. For these privileged orders we are strongly apprehensive and so was Sir William. When he was asked his advice as to the elements of a New Constitution, and the peculiar form in which it was to be embodied, there was a great chuckling in the refectory. One game in a civil list, another handed a retiring pension, a third demanded a seat in the upper chamber. When men are asked to prescribe their own wishes, they must be simple indeed if their modesty stops their promotion. Sir William was for a very liberal constitution, that is, of the kitchen, large concessions were to be made to the vested interests of the official meal-tub. The people were, however, to be treated as the ancient monarchy of France indulged their subjects. Every day they dined in public, and their loving people were gratified with that portion of the repast which nature, always generous to the poor, has destined to float upon the upper air, " a feast for goode." Just so much was the liberality of His Excellency and his co-advisers in arranging the New Constitution. They thought it would gratify the people to see them eat, and by observing the dexterous freedom' of their motions acquire a practical lesson in liberty. It is by no means improbable that here His Excellency may be a little disappointed. There are other gratifications beside those of vision and we have no doubt that the colony will be most anxious to realise more than can be expected from the mere power to look on. What with the financial depression and the continuance of transportation, we expect that the first Assembly will be attended with what seamen term a stiff breeze, and landsmen call a storm. We do not suppose that it will be perilous to any real interest, or to any zealous and useful servant of the colony. It will even spare the Colonial Secretary in his own proper person, who is not the most unpopular member of the convent. All that is really solid in his character will be duly weighed, but he must not expect that by assuming the weeds of suffering virtue he will enjoy more securely the impro priations of his office " Or in Franciscan think to pass biscuits,", -, Old John Milton has given a terrible example to those who adopt the airs of the convent without its self-denial, and the Colonial Secretary must not think to pass for a true monk. Driven by the whirlwind of the Assembly, all those disguises will be in peril. When lo I A violent crossed and from either coast Blows them transverse ten thousand leagues away into the devious air ; then might ye see Cowls, (towns, and sellers, with their wearers, tossed And fluttered! into rugs; hobwigsaud baits, i lied tape and wafers, estimates, doubt bills, " The sport of winds. 