British Extracts. THE TETTERBY FAMILY. [From Dickens's Fancy for Christmas-time.-The Haunted Man.] A small man-sat in a small parlour, parti- tioned off from a small shop by a small screen, pasted all over with small scraps of newspapers, In company with the small man, was almost any amount of small children you may please to name, at least it seemed so : they made in that very limited sphere of action such an imposing effect in point of numbers. Of these small fry two had, by some strong machinery, been got into bed in a corner, where they might have reposed snugly enough in the sleep of innocence but for a constitutional pro- pensity to keep awake, and, also, to scuffle in and out of bed. The immediate occasion of these predatory dashes at the waking world was the construction of an oyster-shell wall in a cor- ner by two other youths of tender age, on which fortification the two in bed made harassing descents, like those accursed Picts and Scots who beleaguer the early historical studies of most young Britons, and then withdrew to their own territory. In addition to the stir attendant on these inroads and the retorts of the invaded, who pursued hotly, and made lunges, at the bed- clothes under which the marauders took refuge, another little boy, in another little bed, contri- buted his might of confusion to the family stock, by casting his boots upon the waters ; in other words, by launching these and several small objects, inoffensive in themselves, though of a hard substance considered as missiles, at the disturbers of his repose, who were not slow to return these compliments. Beside which, another little boy-the biggest there, but still little-was tottering to and fro, bent on one side, and considerably affected in his knees, by the weight of a large baby, which he was supposedly, a fiction that obtains some- times in sanguiue families, to he hushing to sleep. But oh ! the inexhaustible regions of contemplation and watchfulness into which this baby's eyes were then only beginning to com- pose themselves to store, over his unconscious shoulder ! It was a very Moloch of a baby, on whose in- satiate altar the whole existence of this particu- lar young brother was offered up a daily sacrifice. Its personality maybe said to have consisted in its never being quiet, in any one place, for five consecutive miinutes, and never going to sleep when required. "Tetterhy's baby " was as well known in the neighbourhood as the postman or the potboy. It roved from door-step to door- step, in the arms of little Johnny Tetterby, and lagged heavily at the rear of troops of juveniles who followed the Tumblers or the Monkey, and came up, all on one side, a little too late for everything that was attractive, from Monday morning until Saturday night. Wherever child- hood congregated to play, there was little Mo- loch making Johnny fag and toil. Wherever Johnny, desired to stay, little Moloch became fractious, and would not remaín. Whenever Johnny wanted to go out Moloch was asleep. and must be watched. Whenever Johnny wanted to stay at home, Moloch was awake, and must be taken out. Yet Johnny was verily persuaded that it was a faultless baby, without its peer in the realm of England, and was quite content to catch meek glimpses of things in general from behind its skirts, or over its limp flapping bon- net, and to go staggering about with it like a very little porter with a very large parcel, which was not directed to anybody, and could never be delivered anywhere. The small man who sat in the small parlour, making fruitless attempts to read his newspaper peaceably, in the midst of this disturbance, was the father of the family, and the chief of the firm described in the inscription over the little shop front, by the name and title of " A. Tet- terby and Co., Newsmen." Indeed, strictly speaking, he was the only personage answering to that designation, as Co. was a mere poetical abstraction, altogether baseless and impersonal. Tetterby's was the corner shop in Jerusalem buildings. There was a good show of litera- ture in the windows, chiefly consisting of picture newspapers out of date, and serial pirates and footpads. Walking-sticks, likewise, and marbles were inclnded in the stock-in-trade. It had once extended into the light confectionery line ; but it would seem that those elegancies of life were not in demand about Jerusalem buildings, for nothing connected with that branch of commerce remained in the window except a sort of small glass lantern, contained a languishing mass of bull's-eyes, which had melted in the summer and congealed in the winter until all hope of ever getting them out, or of eating them without eating the lantern too, was gone for ever. Tetterby's had tried its hands at several things. It had once made a feeble little dart at the toy business ; for, in another lantern, there was a heap of minute wax dolls, all sticking together upside down, in the direst confusion, with their feet on one another's hands, and a precipitate of broken arms and legs at the bottom. It had made a move in the millinery direction, which a few dry, wiry bonnet shapes remained in a corner of the window to attest. It had fancied that a living might lie hidden in the tobacco trade, and had stuck up a representa- tion of a native of each of the three integral portions of the British empire in the act of consuming that fragrant weed, with a poetic legend attached, importing that united in one cause they sat and joked, one chewed tobacco, one took snuff, one smoked, but nothing seemed to have come ot it, except flies. Time had been when it had put a forlorn trust in imitative jewellery, for, in one pane of glass, there was a card of cheap seals, and another of pencil cases, and a mysterious black amulet, of inscrutable intention, labelled ninepence. But, to that hour, Jerusalem-buildings had bought none of them. In short, Tetterby's had tried so hard to get a livelihood out of Jerusalem-buildings, in one way or other, and appeared to have done so indifferently in all, that the best position in the firm was too evi- dently Co.'s. Co., as a bodiless creation, being untroubled with the vulgar inconveniences of hunger and thirst, being chargeable neither to the poor-rates nor the assessed taxes, and having no young family to provide for. Tetterby himself, however, in his little par- lour, as already mentioned, having the presence of a young family impressed upon his mind, in a manner too clamorous to be disregarded, or to comport with the quiet perusal of a newspaper, laid down his paper, wheeled, in his distraction, a few times round the parlour, like an un- decided carrier pigeon, made an ineffectual rush at one or two flying little figures in bed-gowns that skimmed past him, and then, bearing sud- denly down upon the only unoffending member of the family, boxed the ears of little Moloch's nurse. "You bad boy!" said Mr. Tetterby, "haven't you any feeling for your poor father after the fatigues and anxieties of a hard winter's day, since five o'clock in the morning, but must you wither his rest, and corrode his latest intel- igence, with your wicious tricks ? Isn't it enough, sir, that your brother 'Dolphus is toiling and moiling in the fog and cold, and you rolling in the lap of luxury, with a-with a baby, and everythink you can wish for," said Mr. Tetterby, heaping this up as a great climax of blessings, " but you must make a wilderness of home, and maniacs of your parents? Must you, Johnny ? Hey ? " At each interrogation Mr. Tetterbv made a feint of boxing his ears again, but thought better of it, and held his hand. "Oh, father!" whimpered Johnny, "when I wasn't doing anything, I'm sure, but taking such care of Sally, and getting her to sleep. Oh, father!" " I wish my little woman would come home !" said Mr. Tetterby, relenting and repenting, " I only wish my little woman would come home ! I ain't fit to deal with 'em. They make my head go round, and get the better of me. Oh, Johnny ! Isn't it enough that your dear mother has provided you with that sweet sister ?" indi- cating Moloch ; " isn't it enough that you were seven boys before, without a ray of gal, and that your dear mother went through what she did go through, on purpose that you might all of you have a little sister, but must you so be- have yourself as to make my head swim ? " Softening more and more, as his own tender feelings and those of his injured son were worked on, Mr. Tetterby concluded by em- bracing him, and immediately breaking away to catch one of the real delinquents. A reasonably good start occurring he succeeded, after a short but smart run, and some rather severe cross- country work under and over the bedsteads, and in and out among the intricacies of the chairs, in capturing this infant, whom he condignly pun- ished and bore to bed. This example had a powerful and apparently mesmeric influence on him of the boots, who instantly fell into a deep sleep, though he had been, but a moment before, broad awake, and in the highest possible feather. Nor was it lost upon the two young architects, who retired to bed, in an adjoining closet, with great privacy and speed. The comrade of the intercepted one also shrinking into his nest with similar discretion, Mr. Tetterby, when he paused for breath, found himself unexpectedly in a scene of peace. " My little woman herself," said Mr. Tetterby, wiping his flushed face, "could hardly have done it better ! I only wish my little woman had had it to do, I do indeed !" Mr. Tetterby sought upon his screen for a passage appropriate to be impressed upon his children's minds on the occasion, and read the following : " ' It is an undoubted fact that all remarkable men have had remarkable mothers, and have respected them in after life as their best friends.' Think of your own remarkable mother; my boys," said Mr Tetterby, " and know her value while she is still among you." He sat down again in his chair by the fire, and composed himself, cross- iegged, over his newspaper. " Let anybody, I don't care who it is, get out of bed again," said Tetterby, as a general pro- clamation, delivered in a very soff-hearted manner, " and astonishment will be the portion of that respected contemporary ! " which ex- pression Mr. Tetterby selected from his screen. "Johnny, my child, take care of your only sister, Sally, for she's the brightest gem that ever sparkled on your early brow." Johnny sat down on a little stool, and devo- tedly crushed himself beneath the weight of Moloch. " Ah, what a gift that baby is to you Johnny !' said his father, "and how thankful vou ought to be ! ' It is not generally known,' Johnny,'' he was now referring to the screen again, " ' but it is a fact ascertained, by accurate calculations, that the following immense percentage of babies never attain to two years old, that is to say-' " " Oh, don't, father, please !" cried Johnny. "I can't bear it, when I think of Sally." Mr. Tetterby desisting, Johnny, with a pro- founder sense of his trust, wiped his eyes, and hushed his sister. " Your brother 'Dolphus," said his father, poking up the fire,"" is late to- night, Johnny, and will come home like a lump of ice. What's got your precious mother ?" " Here's mother, and 'Dolphus, too, father !" exclaimed Johnny, " I think." " You're right," returned the father, listening. "Yes, that's the footstep of my little woman." The process of induction by which Mr. Tet- terby had come to the conclusion that his wife was a little woman was his own secret. She would have made two editions of himself, very easily. Considered as an individual, she was rather remarkable for being robust and portly ; but considered with reference to her husband, her dimensions became magnificent. Nor did they assume a less imposing proportion when studied with reference to the size of her seven sons, who were but diminutive. In the case of Sally, however, Mrs. Tetterby had asserted her- self, at last, as nobody knew better than the victim Johnny, who weighed and measured that exacting idol every hour in the day. Mrs. Tetterby, who had been marketing, and carried a basket, threw back her bonnet and shawl, and, sitting down, fatigued, commanded Johnny to bring his sw eet charge to her straight- way, for a kiss. Johnny having complied, and gone back to his stool, and again crushed himself, Master Adolphus Tetterby, who had by this time unwound his Torso out of a pris- matic comforter, apparently interminable, re- quested the same favour. Johnny having again complied, Mr. Tetterby, by a sudden thought, preferred the same claim on his own parental part. The satisfaction of this third desire completely exhausted the sacrifice, who had hardly breath enough to get back to his stool, crush himself again, and pant at his relations. " Whatever you do, Johnny," said Mrs. Tetterby, shaking her head, "takecare of her, or never look your mother in the face again." " Nor your brother," said Adolphus. "Nor your father, Johnny," said Mr. Tetterby. Johnny, much affected by the conditional renunciation of him, looked down at Moloch's eyes to see that they were all right, so far, skilfully patted her back, which was uppermost, and rocked her with his foot. " Are you wet, 'Dolphus, my boy ?" said his father. "Come and take my chair and dry yourself." " No, father, thankee,"" said Adolphus, smooth- ing himself down with his hands. " I an't very wet, I don't think. Does my face shine much, father?" " Well, it does look waxy, my boy," returned Mr. Tetterby. " It's the weather, father," said Adolphus, polishing his cheeks on the worn sleeve of his jacket. " What with rain, and sleet, and wind, and snow, and fog, my face gets quite brought out into a rash sometimes. And shines, it does, oh, don't it, though !" Master Adolphus was also in the newspaper line of life, being employed, by a more thriving firm than his father and Co., to vend newspapers at the railway- station, where his chubby little person, like a shabbily-disguised Cupid, and his shrill little voice (he was not much more than ten years old), were as well known as the hoarse panting of the locomotives running in and out. His juvenility might have been at some loss for a harmless outlet, in this early application to traffic, but for the fortunate discovery he made of a means of entertaining himself and of dividing the long day into stages of interest without neglecting business. This ingenious invention, remarkable, like many great dis- coveries, for its simplicity, consisted in varying the first vowel in the word " paper," and substituting in its stead, at different periods of the day, all the other vowels in the grammatical succession. Thus, before daylight in the winter-time, he went to and fro in his little oilskin cap and cape, and his big comforter, piercing the heavy air with his cry of " Morn-ing po-per !" which, about an hour before noon, changed to "Morn-ing pap-per !" which, at about two, changed to "Morn-ing pip-per?" which, in a couple of hours, changed to " Morn-ing pop-per !" and so declined with the sun into " Eve-ning pup-per !" to the great relief and comfort of this young gentleman's spirits. Mrs. Tetterby, his lady-mother, who had been sitting with her bonnet and shawl thrown back, as aforesaid, thoughtfully turning her wedding ring round and round upon her finger, now rose, and, divesting herself of her out-of-door attire, began to lay the cloth for supper. " Ah, dear me, dear me, dear me !" said Mrs. Tetterby. " That's the way the world goes !" " Which is the way the world goes, my dear ?" asked Mr. Tetterby, looking round. " Oh, nothing," said Mrs. Tetterby. Mr. Tetterby elevated his eyebrows, folded his newspaper afresh, and carried his eyes up it, and down it, and across it, but was wandering in his attention, and not reading it. Mrs. Tetterby, at the same time, laid the cloth, but rather as if she were punishing the table than preparing the family supper ; hitting it unnecessarily hard with the knives and forks, slapping it with the plates, dinting it with the salt-cellar, and coming heavily down upon it with the loaf. "Ah, dear me, dear me, dear me !" said Mrs. Tetterby. " That's the way the world goes !" " My duck," retnrned lier husband, looking round again, " you said that before. Which is the way the world goes ?" " Oh, nothing !" said Mrs. Tetterby. "Sophia!" remonstrated her husband, "you said that before, too." " Well, I'll say it again if you like," returned Mrs. Tetterby. " Oh, nothing- there ! An I again if you like, oh, nothing-there ! And again, if you like, oh, nothing-now then !" Mr. Tetterby brought his eye to bear upon the partner of his bosom, and said in mild astonishment. " My little woman what has put you out ?" " I'm sure I don't know," she retorted. " Don't ask me. Who said I was put out at all ? I never did." Mr. Tetterby gave up the perusal of his newspaper as a bad job, and, taking a slow walk across the room with his hands behind him, and "his shoulders raised, his gait according perfectly with the resignation of his manner, addressed himself to his two eldest offspring. " Your supper will be ready in a minnte, ' Dolphus," said Mr. Tetterby. " Your mother has been out in the wet, to the cook's shop, to buy it. It was very, good of your mother so to do. You shall get some supper, too, very soon, Johnny. Your mother's pleased. with you, my man, for being so attentive to your precious sister." Mrs. Tetterby, without any remark, but with a decided subsidence of her animosity towards the table, finished her preparations, and took, from her ample basket, a substantial slab of hot pease-pudding, wrapped in paper, and a basin, covered with a saucer, which, on being uncovered, sent forth an odour so agreeable that the three pair of eyes in the two beds opened wide and fixed themselves upon the banquet. Mr. Tetterby, without regarding this tacit invitation to be seated, stood repeating slowly, " Yes, yes, your supper will be ready in a minute, 'Dolphus. Your mother went out in the wet, to the cook's shop, to buy it. It was very good of your mother so, to do, " until Mrs. Tetterby, who had been exhibiting sundry tokens of contrition be- hind him, caught him round the neck, and wept. " Oh, 'Dolphus!" said Mrs. Tetterby, "how could I go and behave so?" This reconciliation affected Adolphus, the younger, and Johnny to that degree that they both, as with one accord, raised a dismal cry, which had the effect of immediately shutting up the round eyes in the beds, and utterly routing the two remaining little Tetterbys, just then stealing in from the adjoining closet to see what was going on in the eating way. " I am sure, 'Dolphus," sobbed Mrs. Tetterby, " coming home, I had no more idea than a child unborn"--- Mr. Tetterby seemed to dislike this figure of speech, and observed, "Say than the baby, my dear." " ---Had no more idea than the baby," said Mrs. Tetterby.---"Johnny, don't look at me, but look at her, or she'll fall out of your lap and be killed, and then you'll die in agonies of a broken heart, and serve you right.--No more idea I hadn't, than that darling, of being cross when I came home; but somehow, 'Dolphus"---Mrs. Tetterby paused, and again turned her wedding ring round and round upon her finger. " I see !" said Mr. Tetterby. " I understand ! My little woman was put out. Hard times, and hard weather, and hard work, make it trying now and then. I see, bless yonr soul ! No wonder ! 'Dolf, my man," continued Mr. Tetterby, ex- ploring the basin with a fork, "here's your mother been and bought, at the cook's-shop, besides pease-pudding, a whole knuckle of a lovely roast leg of pork, with lots of crackling left upon it, and with seasoning, gravy, and mustard quite unlimited. Hand in your plate, my boy, and begin while it's simmering." Master Adolphus, needing no second sum- mons, received his portion with eyes rendered moist by appetite, and, withdrawing to his par- ticular stool, fell upon his supper tooth and nail. Johnny was not forgotten, but received his rations on bread, lest he should, in a flush of gravy, trickle any on the baby. He was re- quired, for similar reasons, to keep his pudding, when not on active service, in his pocket. There might have been more pork on the knucklebone-which knucklebone the carver at the cook's-shop had assuredly not forgotten in carving for previous customers- but there was no stint of seasoning, and that is an accessory dreamily suggesting pork, and pleasantly cheat- ing the sense of taste. The pease- pudding, too, the gravy and mustard, like the Eastern rose in respect of the nightingale, if they were not absolutely pork, had lived near it ; so, upon the whole, there was the flavour of a middle- sized pig. It was irresistible to the Tetterbys in bed, who, though professing to slumber peacefully, crawled ont when unseen by their parents, and silently appealed to their brothers for any gastronomic token of fraternal affection. They, not hard of heart, presenting scraps in return, it resulted that a party of light skir- mishers in nightgowns were careering about the parlour all through supper, which harassed Mr. Tetterby exceedingly, and once or twice imposed upon him the necessity of a charge, before which these guerilla troops retired in all directions and in great confusion. LORD DURHAM'S REPORT.-Mr. Buller was first prominently brought forward in public business, by the zeal and ability with which he promoted a better knowledge and practice of colonization. In that pursuit he was a cordial though not a servile disciple of Mr. Edward Gibbon Wakefield ; and he made him- self very useful as an active and intelligent advocate of the new views in Parliament. When the Earl of Durham was sent as Governor General to Canada, after the first rebellion, Mr. Buller accompanied him as Chief Secretary. At the same time, Mr. Wakefield proceeded to Canada, and was deeply engaged in the investigations which resulted in the celebrated " Report" on the state of the colony, presented to the Queen by Lord Durham after his return. The report had the benefit of that nobleman's signature and sanction, and he unquestionably took a real share in framing it : Mr. Buller's name appears to Appendix B," and besides his official responsibility for that portion, he contributed largely to the composition of the main docu- ment. He has, however, publicly acknow- ledged Mr. Wakefields participation, in terms which indicate that he regarded that gentleman as at least his own coequal in the authorship of those remarkable state papers.-Spectator. LORD MELBOURNE'S WILL.-Lord Melbourne's executors are, we hear, no other than Henry Lord Brougham and Edward Ellice, the elder. Now, though no mau leaves behind him any- thing so interesting as his property, to those who are to share it, yet, to the public, such a man as the late Lord Melbourne leaves some- thing which is far more important, in the shape of private correspondence, notes of important transactions, correspondence with the great per- sons engaged in them, and, in short, all the various private documents of a statesman's life. These papers come as a matter of right into the hands of Lord Brougham and Mr. B. Ellice. Of course there is not the slightest doubt that in such hands these documents will only be put to honourable uses. Still there is a something, not very easy to describe, which canses the Whigs to feei uncomfortable that all they have said in writing to Lord Melbourne should fall into the hands of Lord Brougham. They are not at all happy about it, and if the deceased lord received any injury at their hands, his ghost does not " walk unrevenged amongst them."-Post. SLAVERY IN THE MODERN REPUBLIC.-A young physician of much merit and knowledge made a journey from his native town, in one of the northern states, to a town in Mississippi. The young man, whose name was Willis, took lodgings in a furnished house. The mistress of it, a young woman of about twenty years old, inspired in him the most ardent love. The marriage took place almost secretly, and the happy couple went, soon afterwards, to estab- lish themselves at Washington, in the district of Colombia. They had not been there long, where they lived peaceably and retired, when one morning an individual, who had all the manners and appearance of a gentleman, pre- sented himself at Dr. Willis's, under pretence of business. The conversation proceeded, when the stranger addressed the following indiscreet question to the doctor:-"Did you bring a woman with you from the south, sir?" "No, sir, I do not understand you." "How?" re- joined the stranger " Did not your wife come with you from Mississippi ?" " I believe she was bom in that country," said the doctor. " Well, your wife, as you call her, is my slave, and unless you pay me immediately 900 dollars for her purchase, Í will advertise her as a run- away slave. In fact, she is worth 1,000 dollars at least, but as you have married her I will abate something." " Your slave !" exclaimed the astonished doctor ; " that is impossible." " Whether you believe or not," cried the other, " you must give her up, or pay the money. If, in twenty-four hours, the money is not sent to my hotel, I promise you, my deat sir, that you will see the name of Mrs. Willis in the news- paper as that of a fugitive slave." As soon as the man was gone, the doctor went to his wife, whose good qualities, virtues, and graces, ren- dered her so dear to him. " My dear angel," said he, "when we were married, were you a slave?" "Yes, I was," she confessed, at the same time shedding abundant tears. "Why did you not tell me before the ceremony was performed ?" " I did not dare to do it. Could I have expected you would have allied yourself to a slave ?" " Well, now I know it, 1 will give the 900 dollars required, for I love you too much to consent to a separation." During this short dialogue Mrs. Willis, was labouring, under the most lively agitation. She asked her husband to describe the appearance of the claimant, which he did as exactly as possible ; then he asked her whether the description answered to that of her ancient master? " Yes," said she, casting down her eyes, " he is more than my master ; he is my father."-New York Paper. THE FALKLAND ISLANDS.-The naval trans- port Nautilus sailed from these Islands on the 30th of September. She had been employed carrying stores to Rio, the Falklands, Cape of Good Hope, St. Helena, Ascension, &c.;, and to bring home decayed stores and invalids. She took Governor Rennie to the Falkland Islands, and removed Governor Moody to the Cape, and then conveyed 600 sheep from the Cape to Ascension, on which island there is now pas- turage for that number of stock. A super- abundance of water was also on the island, and above three hundred live turtle in the ponds. From the Falkland Islands the Nautilus re- moved all the Sappers and Miners (only six in number), leaving, as the only government per- sons there, a Governor and a Surveyor General. The population was about 160 persons, princi- pally deserters from whale ships ; and the number of horned cattle was conjectured to be 100,000 on the eastern island, the whole of which, it is said, has been sold to a M. Le Font for £60,000, who was about to kill a large number for the sake of their hides and tallow. The English trade was reviving ,when the Nautilus was in the River Plate, Rosas allowing uninterrupted intercourse, so long as the English did not intermeddle with politics. The British ships did not attempt to go above Buenos Ayres, nor into the other rivers. The Nautilus has arrived in the Thames.- Bell's Messenger, Dec. 4. ADVICE GRATIS.-The College of Physicians having sent forth some gratuitous advice, which is well worth its cost, on the subject of Cholera, we hasten to put it into plain language for the benefit of the community. Every one is to live extremely well, and no one is, on any account, to neglect warm clothing, with good coal fire, or any other arrangement that may be conducive to health and comfort. All persons crowded together in small ill-ventilated houses are re- commended to take at once more commodious apartments, and those individuals who are insuffi- ciently clothed must give orders forthwith to their tailors for taking the necessary measures. Families not hitherto in the habit of keeping up a good fire in the winter, through their inability to purchase the fuel, will without delay take the necessary steps for laying in a stock of coals from their respective coal merchants ; and those who have had meat only once a week, will give orders for a daily supply in future, to their various butchers. It being highly expedient not to overtax the strength, those who feel ex- hausted by their labour will relinquish their work when they feel themselves too much de- bilitated to continue with comfort to themselves, and they will of course take care to make up in some way for the deficiency of their wages. These simple suggestions have only to be fol- lowed out with due care by the labouring classes of the community, in order to mitigate very materially the severity of the Cholera. Such persons as may experience difficulty in acting on this advice, are requested to apply anywhere but to the College of Physicians.-Punch. THE EXCISE.-We understand that the reduc- tions in the excise will be of a very extensive nature, and that independently of those officers who will be recommended for permanent retired allowances, no less than 300 will be placed upon the redundant list, to be re-admitted into the service as vacancies may arise on the reduced establishment, and until all these redundant officers shall have been provided for, no new appointment will be allowed to take place. Observer, Dec. 11. WINTER EMIGRATION.-The emigration of the rural population continues, at a season during which, in previous years, few, even of the Irish fortune- seekers, ventured to cross the Atlantic. Large tracts of land, in some instances of the greatest natural fertility, are now totally neglected. The Limerick Chronicle states that land for which £5 per acre was willingly paid in that county twelve months since, and then considered a good bargain, would not now fetch half that amount.-Atlas, Nov. 25. PRINCE ALBERT A HIGHLAND LAIRD.-The Aberdeen Herald says :-" On Wednesday last the estate of Birkhall, adjoining Balmoral, was exposed for sale in Edinburgh, and taken out at the upset price, £14,900, tor Prince Albert. At the same time the life rent of the entailed estate of Abergeldie, another adjoining pro- perty, was put up for sale, and taken out for the heir of entail, Mr. Gordon, jun., of Abergeldie. It is understood that negociations are in pro- gress whereby his Royal Highness will become lessee of Abergeldie. Balmoral is a portion of the Earl of Fife's entailed estates, but, we be- lieve, legal authority is to be procured for selling it to her Majesty or the Prince. In the meantime, the extensive alterations and addi- tions-for which his Royal Highness gave in- structions before his departure for the south are in the course of being carried out, and Dr Robertson, the active and intelligent land steward, is getting the grounds put in order, removing vermin, and taking other precautions for preserving the game. From these circum- stances, it is but reasonable to conclude that Balmoral will, henceforth, take its place in the same category with Osborne and the other royal residences, where her Majesty regularly spends a portion of each year. When his Royal High- ness arrives on Deeside, next season, he must be welcomed in his new character of a Highland laird." REPRESENTATION OF LIMERICK.-Mr. Smith O'Brien, it appears, has no idea of resigning the representation of the county of Limerick under any circumstances. The Freeman's Journal, alluding to the report of Mr. Fitzgerald's can- didatesnip for the county, says :-" Mr. Smith O'Brien has not the most remote intention of abandoning, if he be allowed to retain it, the representation of the respected constituency in the county of Limerick. Should the decision of the House of Lords upon the writ of error be adverse to Mr. O'Brien (a matter which we by no means anticipate), his seat may then be vacated by a resolution of the house, but until that should occur, which we firmly believe will not occur-from what we know of Mr. Fitz- gerald's connexions we are sure he would be the last man in Ireland to canvass the county were he aware of the circumstances we now state."-- Atlas, Nov. 25. INQUIRY INTO EXPENDITURE IN IRELAND.-The inquiry into the expenditure of the civil estab- lishments in Ireland will be conducted with the same determination to enfore all possible eco- nomy in the public departments as in England ; but no new Commission is deemed requisite, as the persons employed in the leading depart- ments in Ireland are almost entirely under the control of the Central Boards in London - Ob- server, December 11. TOO GOOD A JUDGE.-The late Chancellor Kent (says an American journal) was exceed- ingly fond of martial music; and hearing the drums of a recruiting party, who had taken a station at the corner of the street, beating a point of war, he walked out to listen to it nearer. Insensibly he was whistling the burden of the tune, when a man accosted him : " You are fond of such music, then, my fine fellow ?" " Very," was the reply. " Very !" said Serjeant Kite, " then why not join us ? Good quarters, good pay, large bounty. Besides our captain is a glorious fellow. Why won't you now ? You can't do better." " Well," said the Chancellor, " I have one pretty strong objection." " What is it?" asked the Serjeant. "I happen to haye just now a better trade," " What trade ?" said the inquisitor. " I am Chancellor of the State of New York." "Whew ! " interjected the Serjeant. "Strike up! quick step! forward! march !" Off tramped the military man, without looking behind him, leaving the Chancellor to enjoy his laugh at the adventure. WHAT IS A POUND ?-Sir Robert Peel, some time ago, puzzled the world in general, and himself in particular, by asking, What is a Pound ? We believe the Right Honourable Baronet, like the green-grocer's boy with his masters little account, is " waiting " for an answer." and, taking pity upon him, we offer the following solutions of his rather quaint query. A pound-of cherries sold in the streets, is eight ounces. A pound-of raw sugar is ten ounces of saccharine to one ounce of brown paper and five of sand. A pound-of arrow- root is twelve ounces of pure radix saginœ; to four of chalk. A pound- on the stage, is one bra button, or, whn in the shape of small chang, it is ten gallery cheeks. A pound-of waste-paper sold at a butter-shop, is twenty- four ounces. A pound-of mutton-chops, is nine ounces of meat to four of flank, and three of bone. A pound-cake is a shilling and upwards, ac- cording to its size. We hope Sir Rohert Peel will find these answers to his question of " What is a pound ?" perfectly satisfactory.-Punch. THE PIRACIES ON THE COAST OF MOROCCO.- Sir Charles Napier is expected to sail this day for the Mediterranean with his fleet, where he will be joined by the Polyphemus, in conse- quence of the daring piracies committed on the coast ot Morocco, and the seizure of the British merchant vessel Three Sisters, recaptured hy the Polyphemus. Sir Charles has been in- structed to visit Tangier for the purpose of demanding satisfaction from the Emperor of Morocco.- Observer, December 11. SINGULAR OCCURENCE,- On Monday morning, as the mail train upon the Newcastle and Ber- wick Railway was near to Cramlington station, a party of horned owls, disturbed in their roost by the noise, made a furious attack upon the engine and those in charge of it. The fireman, William Gilbert, was furiously assailed, and before he could discover the character of his foe was seriously pecked in the face, and had one of his teeth forced out of its place. Such an as- sault at such a place, and during the dark, was rather alarming, especially considering the ex- traordinary visage of the assailants when seen only by the glare of a fire. One of the birds was captured, and a sturdy fellow he is. The engine- driver, Edward Collins, is preserving him as a curiosity.-Atlas, Dec. 23. A LITTLE LESSON FOR STAMMERERS.-We would, recommend poisons who have a slight impediment in their speech to practise reading the following sentence. After they have read it a dozen times every day for a couple of months or so, they will be quite cured, or else they may depend upon it their case is hopeless-"Now Windischgratz, being joined at Schwechat by Pulszky, who was, according to the Schlessische Zeineng, the agent of the Ban Jellachich, pre- pared to meet Messenhauser, who relied on Kossuth relieving him ; but Frœbel advised him to retire to the Burgthor, where Limonich, with his Magyars, was waiting for supplies from Goding. At this crisis, what should Schleswig Holstein do but send the trusty Unruh to Olmutz, to demand terms of Krauss, or else it would be the worse for Wussenburg, who was already in the hands of Dyonis Pazmandy, the brave chieftain who had so valiantly overthrown Czanyi and Luszensky, and his Croats, near Bu- giteran, on the right side of Hetzendorf, just between Veneja and Chisrojvenna, the capital of Colico. But Felix Schwartzenberg, arriving at this moment, and Windischgratz having re- ceived some information in the Preussische Staats Anzeiger, which showed too plainly that Bem was a traitor, they coalesced, and the result was, they quite cowed Benko, who was in full force at Temezigt. That same day Jel- lachich entered the Karnthern Strasse."-- Punch. "DECLINE" OF THE DRAMA.-The expenses of Drury-Lane and Covents Garden have not been less than £200 & night, during the late man- agement of these theatres. In 1765 Drury- Lane was under £70 a night, and the company consisted of 160 performers, amongst whom were names of high celebrity :-At the head of the company was Garrick, with a salary of £2 15s. 6d. per night; Mr. Yates (the famous Othello) and his wife, £3 6s. 8. ; Palmer and his wife, £2 ; King (the celebiated Sir Peter Teazle and Lord Ogleby), £1 6s 8d. ; Parsons (the famous comedian), £1 6s. 8d. ; Mrs. Cibher, £2 10s. ; Mrs. Pritchard, £2 6s. 8d. ; Mrs. Clive, £1 15s. ; Miss Pope (the first of chamber- maids), 13s. 4d. ; Signor Guestinelli (principal singer), £1 3s. 4d. ; Signor Grimaldi and his wife (chief dancers), £1.- Atlas, Oct. 21. SOMETHING à la MASSARONI.-The Isthnmus of Corinth has been the scene of a daring exploit. Sixteen brigands, some in a carriage, some on foot, were met by three gendarmes, whom they surrounded, disarmed, and tied to the neighbouiing trees. They then proceeded to dress their leaders in the soldiers' uniforms, and presented themselves as the customary patrol at the establishment of the Austrian steamers at Soutrabi, were they excited no suspicion, and, having emptied the magazines there, went on to Calamahi, the other Austrian station, where they did the same. The police are in active pursuit.-Liverpool Albion, 11th December. 