Original Correspondence. The Editor of this Paper , does not identify himself with the opinions of his Correspon- dents. To the Editor of the Daily News. Sra— Will you indulge a constade ????? of your Daily News and sometimes moreover a contributor (?) by inserting a few remark, on the present efficiency of Dramatic representa- tions and representations at the Queen's----- Mr. Editor---- There is scarcely a subjest in the wide world of literature, and positively there is not one simple or sublime delineation of holy nature, on which the eye of ligiti- mate criticism so loves to dwell on. as Th? Drama. There is a high degree of delight and veneration induced by the fine actor when pouring living light on the immortall imagery of undying genius.-- Samctl.inl' too much of this"— Well, to proceed— Msn» 1 readers of the public Journals in our beau tiful little maiden city have expressed tlieirl astonishment that the performances 0f Mr P Morton King in selections from ShabpnrM' have bron altogether unnoticed, or partial!, I glanced at.— Let mc now briefly notice soirA very beautiful points of that gentleman's per J) formanccs, and nt the same time, with irrratW8 rrspcct to his high talent nnd usrfulneuV8 refer to his very few sccnie blemishes Ta-'Ic king up his " Hamlet " his scene with' theB" " Fair Ophelia" "Get thee to a nunnery i1 go —is surpassingly beautiful— the aflectrdV recklessness— the tenderness— the deep phi.l' losophic mildness— the sanctity of andyinrl>l love— arc all. all, admirably and irresistibly! forced into the hearts of his auditory. )|,K " play " scene with his " Uncle, father and! mother " is fine; but not.happily concoivcd-1 too much of tha actor — too little of the heart the scene with his mother after " the play "I is remarkably beautiful— ins rush after tl«|i ghost is defective—" bo not tpotamc neithii'# saith Hamlet "—all the mind, the energies! of tile Prince are at this moment tela! brought into exercise— impassionate affection! — obedience, illimitable excitement byprrte,.! natural commands— all should appear, ifsuth! appearance could be sustained— and every! candid and impartial witness of intelligence! must admit that Air. Morton King was in all! these traits of character, " beautiful cxcce-! ingly "—with one blemish only— too murh B precipitancy of utterance. At present Mr,! Editor I shall not trespass on your indut! gencc— next paper, No. 2, 1 -shall with yont! permission resume ' my remarks.— VsaimB Vincit.— Melbourne, Jan. 11, 1819. ! 