MARIE ANTOINETTE; 1 J on THE CHEVALIER OF THE RED HOUSE discontinued from our last CHAPTER xxxvi. The lovers had decided on flying to England. That had been mutually agreed upon. There they could secure a retired cottage, and live con cleared from all prying curiosity. There they could change their names" and pass under some other which should be common to both. In England a couple of servants could easily be hired, who would be entirely ignorant of their past history and as both Maurice and Genevieve spoke English fluently, there could be little incon- venience in regard to the language. , Neither of them could'leave'many regrets behind in France, unless it might be for one's native land, which is always regretted, even when so much changed as France had become to them. Genevieve ruminated on these subjects whilst arranging those things which" were necessary for the journey, or rather for' their flight. Sheex perienced a singular pleasure in distinguishing amongst other objects, those which were dear to Maurice-as, for instance, the dress which became him best, the handsomest cravat, or even the books he most frequently consulted. She had already made her choice and already the trunks were re-opened, and the furniture covered with dresses, linens, books, &c;, when suddenly she heard a key rattling in the outer door. ' Good,' said she, ' it is Scevola, who is returning. Maurice must have missed him, She continued her occupation. The doors of the saloon were then opened, and she heard the servant moving about in the ante- chamber. She held at that moment some music in her hand, and was searching for a piece of string to be in the * Scevola,' called she, . Scevola !' An approaching footstep was heard in the next room. ' Scevola,' repeated Genevieve, ' be good enough to come here.' ' Here I am,' said a voice. The accent made Genevieve turn briskly round. She uttered a loud cry and exclaimed, ' Wy husband " ' , ' Himself,' said Dixmer, calmly. Genevieve was standing on a' chair, reaching for a piece of string within a side cabinet. She felt her head whirling round, and', stretching forth her arm, allowed herself to fall, in the vain hope of finding some abyss into which to precipitate herself. [ Dhmcr caught her in his arms, and, bearing her to a couch, sat down beside her. ' Well, my dear! what is the matter? said he. ' Does my presence produce such a disagreeable effect upon you ?' ' I am dying,' stammered Genevieve, throwing, herself backwards and covering her face with her hands to exclude the dreadful apparition. ' Good,' said Dixmer. ' You thought I was numbered with the dead, my dear, and you mis- took me for a ghost.' * Genevieve gazed around her with a wild look, which Settled at last on Maurice's portrait. As soon as she perceived it she slid from the couch upon her knees, as if to invoke aid' from that r powerless and insensible image, which seemed' still to smile upon her.' Genevieve comprehended fully what menaces Dixmer concealed under his affected calmness. * Yes, my dear child,' continued the master tanner, * it is indeed rare. Perhaps you thought me far from Paris But no-I remained here. The day after I left my house I returned again and discovered in its place a very pretty pile of cinders a I enquired for you, but no one had seen you. I began to search after you, and I assure you I have had much trouble in finding you. I will confess I did not believe you were here; however, I had some suspicion, as you may suppose, otherwise I would not have come here. The sum total of the matter is, however, the self evident fact of my being here, and of your being there. In fact, I am sure you must have endured' much : you, so good a. royalist, to be forced to live under the same roof with a fanatical re- publican.' ' My God I my God I murmured Genevieve . have pity on me It is After all's continued Dinner, glancing round the room, what consoles me, my dear, is the evidence of your very comfortable lodging and the conviction, that you have not suffered much from our proscription. As for me, since our house was burned, and our prospects ruined, I Have wandered about on chance, at one time living in cellars, at another in out-houses, and again even in the drains on the banks of the Seine.' . ' Sir !' said Genevieve, ' You have very fine fruit here. I have often been compelled to deny myself a dessert, not being able even, at times, to procure a dinner.' Genevieve sobbed aloud and buried her face in her hands. Not continued Dixmer, * that I wanted money j I was enabled thank God, to carry off on my person 30,000 francs in gold, which in the present day are worth 500,000 francs. But how could a coathanger, a fisherman, or a rag gatherer, K safely pull golden hours out of his pocket ever to buy a sausage or a morsel of cheese-eli! my good madam? It is true; I have successively adopted these characters. To-day, for the purpose of being better disguised, I act the patriot, the Marseillaise, the outre republican I lisp and I swear: but a young and pretty woman can pass through Paris much more easily than a man pro- scribed, like myself. I have not the happiness to know any ardent republican who would shelter me from every curious eye.' * Sir I sir !' exclaimed Genevieve, * have pity on me ; for see you are killing me.' I see-mere uneasiness on account, I understand that but console yourself, since I am here, madam, and that I have returned, we will part no more.' Oh ! you will kill me,' exclaimed Genevieve. Dixmer looked at her with a frightful smile on his countenance. ' What J kill an innocent woman OF J Madame what do you mean by that? It would seem that thecAfl0>tn, caused by my absence, has affected your mind.' ' Sir,' exclaimed Genevieve, ' Sir,' I implore you, with suppliant hands, to kill meat once; rather than torture' me thus with such cruel rail- ferries. No.ise Iam notiunooent I I admit I have been criminal; and merit death. * Kill me, sir,' kill me I' ! Do you admit that you deserve death?' ' - ' Yes, yes do.' - ' ' And to explain I do not know what crime, you will submit to death without a murmur?' ' Strikes single! shall not utter a single cry' said Genevieve ; ' but, instead of cursing, I shall bless the hand that strikes me.' " No, madam, I shall not strike you. However, its probable you will die, with the difference, that your death, instead of being ignominious, as you seem to dread it may be, will beas glorious as the most famous death of antiquity, You, owe me thanks, madam. I will punish you"by'mak'ing you immortal . _> , i , ' Sir, what mean you to do with me'?' You will continue to pursue that end,; which we all had in view before we wore interrupted in our plans. You within your own apel in'roysight, , fall gull ty ; but, in the eyes of all others, j ofu will die a martyr's JJ "I ' ' ' I ' Oh I my God I you will drive me mad, in thus addressing me. - Where do you lead me to to what do you drag me on'?'.' . is a hero death, in all probability.' k of >, ' ' Let me then pray.' ' Pray ?' asked Dixmer. 'Yes.' To wnoth?' H." i I. "' , ' That is of little consequence to you sir. The moment you have slain rae, have paid my debt due anyone. I owe you no more.' "S is right Start Dixmer, retiring to the adjoining room. I will await you.' Genevieve placed herself on her knees before the portrait, pressing both her hands upon her heart which was beating as if it would burst from its prison. ' Maurice,' said she, in a low tone, . pardon me, of had no hope of happiness myself, but I thought I could render the happy. Maurice, I now remove that happiness from you, in which your life was centred. Pardon me your death, also, my beloved. She cut off a ringlet of her long hair, tied around the bouquet of violets, and placed it beneath the port at whose features Genevieve imagined, through her tears, to assume a painful expression. <_' Well, are you ready yet, madam asked Dixmer. _ 1 So soon murmured Genevieve. j 'Oh ! take your own time, madam, replied Dix-v mer, * I am in no hurry; besides, Maurice Will probably not be long absent, and I shall be de; i lighted to: thank him for the hospitality he has always shown you.' 'a'". Genevieve started in alarm at the idea of her husband and lover: meeting, and sprang up in fleeced by that sudden impulse. a It is done, sir, said she, ' I am now ready. DixmcrledthowayV Theitrembling Genevieve followed, her eyes half-closed, and, her head' .. thrown backwards! They entered a coach which awaited then at the door and drove together. As Genevieve had truly remarked, all was; in a deed, finished. CHAPTER xxxvi. ,;??;.,... ... That patriot whom we countered promenading in the Hall of Ruin, who passed himself off upon' Simon, with his rough cap and bushy¡moustaches¿ as the person who carried the' Duchess of Lam balfe's head ; and who, as we have seen, exchanged some words with the turnkey during the visit of Santerre, the architect, and Richard, the gaoler, was seated, on the day following that eventful night, towards seven o'clock in the even again the cabaret of the Puitside-Noe, situated at the corner of the street, La- Vieille-Draperie. He was seated in the above wine-house, at the bottom of a gloomy chamber filled with tobacco smoke, having two dull candles burning on the table before him, and appearing to consume, with relish, a plate' of fish, cooked" in dark- coloured butter. The supper-room was almost deserted j two or three customers having only remained behind the others on the strength of their daily patronage to the establishment. The greater number of tables were consequently unoccupied ; but to the honour of the house ball said, that the wine stains mapping the' table-cloth' attested the' former presence of a sufficient number of satisfied guests. The lingering guests successively departed so that at about a quarter to eight the patriot was left alone. : He,.then,;with,the most arlstocratic,signs;of disgust, pushed away the offensive, mass in which, he previously appeared to have regaled his appetite. . He took from his pocket a stick of Spanish chocolate',' which he ate slowly, and with a very different expression on his: countenance than he had. before atr.oriipted to convey to it. From time to time, whilst chewing his stick of chocolate and brown bread, he glanced towards the glass door, with its red and white striped curtains, looking full of anxiety and' impatience.. ,. ,, . Sometimes he interrupted his frugalrepast.'àhd listened- attentively with art'abstracted'air; that strongly induced the mistress of the establishment',' which was seated; at her counter near the close',' to believe, Without much vanity, that shé"e waSi the object of the patriot's glances and thoughts. Finally, the, little bell attached to the door of the Wine shop rung in such a manner as to' cause our patriot to start from his reverie.'' He' re-' sumed his fish, without the mistress' of the house, however, perceiving- that he threw one half to a dog that was looking at' him in a; suppliant made'-' her; and the other to a' cat, which had instantly assailed the dog with its claws: ,,' !>?}>.<?<..-, Shadows of the supper-room was' the opened, and a man entered; who was dressed like "'the' patriot, ''with the exception of his wearing the cap of liberty, ??.?.?? ??.'<> ? . it's? o-"' An' enormous bunch of keys' wás\'súspJBndea'' from his belt',: as well along infantry sombrely': "' Let. me have my soup arid my liberties of wine';'; . exclaimed'tliis'moin iis'heéntereü thó'r.óbm,'with- out touching his'-b6nnèt;''a,nâ,coiitehting''hiit)sélf' with' merely nodding n't th^mistressíoftlíohousei' -H'e'uttéred'a^vearièd sights he iiistiilled'líím self at the tablertéxt'tb'thé ono'whkirè the patriot stepped.' ' The mistress oftheiioiisii; a's4t'tb'sh'öv/: more attention to: the last comer; cross' aifd'-Wen't' to order what he wanted;' ?'?' '?'?'''?' '?.?' '; 7 The two men turned their backs on each other' one looking into the street; Whether towards the bottom of the room. Not a word was'exeKahgéd^ until the mistress of the caBaret had'entirely'dis-: appeared. ?.;.,.'.:..'..;:.? ,..,... a-;. When the door was closed bchindiher,.and'th'tí' patriot perceived by the slender' report"-. that' the. ? apartment was emptying addressed his companion' without turning round. :''.':;' Good evening;'s'aid'hé-. .? : ? ' 'Good evening;-sir,'replied'thé (otHer. ??. . Well;' asked the patriot, with the same affected indifference, how do matters stand within?';' : "It is done replied the new comer;'- ? . .'?' What is done?'. .'.'.,' . What we agreed upon!; I have had'an'expla nation with Father Richard concerning the duties ' of'my-'office.' made a pretext of deafness and feebleness; of vision. In fact I made myself regu . garlyiill-a't'the moment.' ' ..' . ; 'Very good. What next? asked the patriot. ; . . Why Father Richard called his wife, and she bathed my temples with vinegar, which brought me round;' 'Good; again; What followed?' ' What we agreed should happen. I complained that the confinement produced a giddiness and dimness of vision especially as I was of a sanguine temperament, and having four hundred prisoners at this moment I found the duty too much for me. I said it was killing me outright ' What did they say to that ' Mother Richard pitied me.'' ' And what did Richard do ?' ' He was about to turn me out of doors.' ' But it was not sufficient for him to do that alone merely to turn you out of doors.' ' Wait a little. Mother Richard, who is really an: excellent woman, then reproached him with having no feeling for the father of a family. What did he say to that? . " 'He said she was right.. But that the first in .' benefit. condition in. the engagement of a turnkey was to reside within the prison to which he was 1 attached ' That the Republic was in no sportive' humour, but would cut off the heads of every girl' who was troubled with such attack"s du'ring'th'eper- formance of their duty. The devil I' exclaimed the patriot. ' Nor was Father Richard'far; wrong Since the Austrian has been there this; surveillance of ?? prisoners makes. the Conciergerie a-purfeçt-hell. ; of. suspicion. One; would even have to examine, closely one's own father if he visited,.thB,prison.', \- ; ,,'IJhjj patriot atkins moment bent down to give ? the dog his plate to Jack which was, however, in: ' mediately attacked. by the cat'. is Conclude What you have got to say,' saddle without turning to ' wards the turnkey. ''.: '.'? . ; '_ Well sir, I began making loud complaints and saiíl;'thiít I felt' very ill. I insisted on going to the infirmary, but declared that my children. would die, of'.hunffen if my salary was suppressed.'; "And what Said Father Richards, , ,,,, a ; sHe replied, either when a man, was a turnkey a he had no businessiwith^hildren.;'' ;. ¡ ."? ',".'', ; But, I suppose,, you had Mother'Richard'pnl your side of the question?' ' /' '?'' ; Fortunately there was another scene, between her and her. husband; She reproached him with being hard-hearted and the matter' ended by Father Richard remarking to me-' Well, citizen! Gracchus, see and make an arrangement. with some one who; will replace yon fora drive, arid who will let ybuhavesometliingoutiof the wages, and'. I promise to accept, him,as,yQuiî sucçessprj'.ou. which came away, saying,. ' That. i8;,vcrygopd,.. Father Richard, I will go in search forborne, one';" ' ' ...,..,.,,. ',' ,?',.!.".,''/,''"'.''"'.' : "'And you have found one, my good'''"leÎloW/" said the patriot., ''?'? .'.'. '?''. '< " At, this' moment the mistress of the cábárbt:ré-' turned, bearing citizen Gra'cehu's'supporVbut'this^ interruption did not suit either him or the patriotic , who had still several matters to arrange, - !.-1¡:\< 'Citizen,' said the turnkey,,' I havorece'iTed.a trifling present from Father Richard, spinach may, treat myself to-day, to, a : pork chop,. and pickles,, as well as a; bottle of Bürguridy.'wíné.; Send your servant to the pork butcher for the chop; and bring the wine yourself from the collar.' , :. , .'. , ;'"'.' '129'", g'' The hostess gave her orders abc6r'dihgly¡iíarid, as the servant went' out by the street door, the former disappeared through the cellar door..-' ;':'. ¡ ' Excellent,'?'said'the patriot,' you are a sharp fellow.' a???????? '-? '.i, : ; r. ??.. M-.. I ?'. So much so that, notwithstanding all your fine promises, I do not conceal from inysblftbe danger which surrounds both of us. Have you any doubt yourself on that head?'. ,;.'?, , i I perfectly understand it,! t ' ,' ¡ ' We are taking both our heads of this game.' A Don't alarm, yourself aboutvahnb,*';<Biid the'. compatriot." >::!.>?'..r'íu;¿^.:ít;tA; away ,, a ' It is not for your neck, sir, I must confess, that I feel the greatest uneasiness i ' It is for your own.' ' Yes said the turnkey, a it is ' But suppose I estimate yours at double its value?' i Ah! sir, one's neck is a very precious thing to value. a ' Not yours, I should think said the patriot. ' How I not mind of At least, not at this moment.' a What do you mean by that ?' ' I mean i to say said the patriot, that your head is not worth a brass farthing ; if, for instance, I were an agent of the Committee of Public Safely, you would be guillotined to-morrow.' The turnkey turned round so sharp, that the dog barked at him, whilst he turned as pale as death, I. i ' Don't turn round, nor look so pale remarked the patriot. ' Finish your supper at your ease- I am no agent or spy, my friend Let me get into the Conciergerie, and be once installed in youyplace, with the keys in my possession, and to-morrow I will count out to you' fifty thousand golden crowns . That is true enough at all events ' Ah I you are very cautious ; but you have my head in your hands as security.' The turnkey meditated during a few seconds. Come, come said the patriot, ' make no bad reflections. If you denounce me you will only do your duty, and receive nothing for it. But if you serve me, and as it is unjust to work for nothing, I will give you fifty thousand crowns.' ' Oh I I understand perfectly said the turnkey, that in serving you, all the benefits fall to myself, but I tremble for the results The results ? Let us hear what' you have got to sea. At all events, I shall not denounce you " Certainly not,' said the turnkey. ' On the day succeeding that in which I am installed in your place, pay an accidental visit to the Conciergerie. and I will give you twenty-five rouleaux, each containing 2,000 francs. You can very easily stow away the money in your two pockets. Together with the money I will also' give you a passport to leave France. You will deport, and wherever you go if you are not rich you will be at least independent.' ' Well, come what may, sir, it is agreed I am only a poor devil at the best I never meddled with politics; besides, France has always done well enough without me, and will not sink for want of my assistance. If you are now doing a bad actigsypjnuoh the worse for yourself.' ' At prevents,' said the patriot, ' I do not think I can possibly do worse than they are doing now in France ' ' Sir, you will permit me not to join you in criticising the policy of the National Convention.' ' ' You are a most philosophic and indifferent man, but, now to business.' Let me know when you will introduce me to Father Richard ' This very night if you will.' i ' Oh I certainly I shall. Who am I to pass for?' , , , It My cousin«Mardoohe/ m[ > ' Mardocho. . Be it so., I, like the matter very much. What is his trade ?' i I ' A leather cutter, I ¡ ' To a tannery, eh'!, There is only the hand to be looked to in that case.' I s i ' Areyonga tanner?' i iii if I canteens it like, a > is a M. ,!, Very true.' answered the turnkey in her ; ', At what hour then will' my introduction take place?', s i n i i > I ii 'In half an hour, if you please ' , ¡ it ', At nine o'clock then be it so, said the patriot.! ' And when asked the turnkey, seem to receive the cash ?' ! < 1 ¡ . ¡, I ' ' To-morrow ' i , li . i j' 'You are then enormously rich said citizen Gracchus, inquiringly.' ] ! <. ' ' . I am ]intlupendent,'i answered, (the patriot' Theodore. , M ti, in a, . One of the ci-rfeiHHii/aristocracy, are you not?,' What does it signify to you,whatjIam?,'( Because for a man who has plenty of money to throw it away for the mere purpose of running the risk of being guillotined, seems I strange to, me. In fact, these ci-devant 'gentry must be egregious fools to do anything of the kind ! ,,' What do you mean?' answered the patriot. . Don't you know that the sans- culattes\ have usurped so much mind to themselves, that no one else can possibly possess a particle of it?' : Hush 1 Here is my wife of To-night then we meet in front of the Con- energetic ?' ' Yes answered the turnkey ; upon which the patriot paid his bill and retired. As the door closed, his voice might be board thundering aloud. ' Look sharp, citizen, with the pork chops and pickles, for my cousin Gracchus is dying with hunger , ' Ah 1 that excellent Mardochel' said the turnkey, tasting the glass of Burgundy, which the hostess had poured out for him, at the same time glancing at her tenderly. (To be Continued) 