MISCELLANEOUS. STEAM BOART RACE ON THE MIS- SISSIPPI- At this moment an ejacula- tion of 'Mind your fires there,' pro- ceeded from the captain, who had ap- proached, and was now standing on the promenade deck between the funnels, and looking anxiously forward on some object in advance of us. On turning to ascertain what it was I perceived a steamer which had left Memphis on its way up to Louisville about ten minutes before we did. She .was going ,at half speed when I first observed her, bit im- mediately put all steam on. I at once divided what was to take place. The firemen seemed instinctively to under- stand it as they immediately redoubled their efforts to cram the furnace with fuel. By the time we were abreast of the Lafayette, for that was our rival's name, she had regained her full head- way, and the race commenced with as fair a start as could well .be obtained. Notwithstanding the known dangers of such rivalry the passengers on both boats crowded eagerly to the quarter deck to witness the progress of the race, each group cheering as its own boat seemed to be leading the other by ever so little. By this time .the negroes became almost frantic in their efforts,to generate the steam : so much so that at one time I thought that from throwing wood into the furnaces, they ,would have taken to throwing in one another. But a short time' before' upwards of two human beings had been hurried into eternity by the explosion of a boiler; but the fearful incident seemed for the' moment to be forgotten, or its warnings to be disregarded in the eagerness with which passengers and crew pressed forward to witness the race. I must confess that I yielded to the infection and was as anxious a spectator of the contest as any one on board. There were a few timid elderly gentlemen and ladies, who kept aloof; but with this exception, the captain of each boat had the moral strength of his cargo with him. For many minutes the two vessels kept neck and neck, and so close to each other, that an explosion on board either would have calamitously affected the other. At length, and when there still appeared to be no probability of a speedy decision, I perceived a reaction com- mencing among those around me, and on the name of the Helen M'Gregor and the Moselle, two ill-fated boats, being whispered amongst them, many retired to the stern, as far from the boilers as they could, whilst others began to remonstrate, and even to menace. ' How can I give in? asked the captain, in a tone of vexation. ' Run him on that 'ere snag, and be d-d to him,' sug- gested the mate, who was standing by. The snag was about two hundred yards ahead, just showing his black crest above the water. It was the trunk of a huge tree, the roots of which had sunk and taken hold of the soil at the bottom ; about eight inches of the trunk, which lay in the direction slanting wiih the current, projecting above the surface. From the position which they thus assume sungs nre more dangerous to steamers ascending than to those, descending the current. In ' the latter case, they may press them under and glide safely over them ; but in the former, the chances, are if they strike, that they will be perforated by them, ' and sunk. They are the chief sources ' of danger in navigating the Mississipi The captain immediately took the hint, and so shaped his course as to oblige the rival boat to sheer off a little to the right. This brought her in a direct line with the snag, to avoid which she had to make a sharp, though a short detour. It sufficed, however, to decide the race, the Niobe, immediately gaming on the Lafayette by more than a length. The latter, thus fairly jockeyed out of her object, gave up the contest and dropped astern, ' There are certaiuly laws against this ' species of racing ; but the Mississipi runs through so many jurisdictions that it is not easy to put. them in force. Besides, it waa evident to me, from what I then saw, that, in most cases, pas sangers and crew are equally participes criminis."-Mackay's Western World. Glories of the Law. - ln a late amusing publication of Charles Butler's, he mentions some astonishing instances of legal absurdity. A gentleman having six estates, wished to settle one on each of his six sons, and the heirs of their bodies respectively, with what lawyers term'cross remainders between them, where, on failure of issue in one_line, the estate passes to the other branches. Mr. Butler being directed to prepare the deed, conceived, at first, that one proviso would be sufficient ; he then thought six would, do ; but, on examining more minutely how many clauses would be requisite to legally express the whole settlement, he would find that it would require 720, being every, possible com- bination of the number six. The other example is still more striking. Ten gentlemen, partners' in a mining com- pany, wished to provide by deed, that if any one of .the number advanced money to any of the others, it should be con- sidered, a sort of mortgage on the bor rowers' share, and have preference,to all subsequent charges. The number of contracts to make this provision with due legal accuracy, were found to amount to 3,628,800, being all possible combi- nations of ten. On each of these clauses the benevolence of government has .im- posed a stamp duty of £25, so that the duty would have amounted to £90,720,000 ninety millions of stamp duty on a single and simple deed. Well might Fortescue write a laborious treatise, " De laudibus Legum Angliss." A Practical Joke, on the Stage. He mentioned that Jack Johnstone, commonly known as " Irish Johnstone,' the original Dennis Bulgruddery, had once played off a mischievous prank upon poor old Murray, in " Richard the Third," Murray, who usually enacted Henry the Sixth, had, in that character, been killed by Richard, in the first act ; and being anxious to leave the theatre as early as possible, had doffed the Royal hose, and replaced them with his ordi- nary nankeen pantaloons ; but the "exi- gencies of the piece requiring him to be raised partially through a trap, to speak a few lines, as his own ghost, in the " Tent scene," he had retained the doublet of black velvet and bugles not intending to be raised higher than'wha't might be sufficient to exhibit his head and shoulders above the stage. John stone, however, watched his opportunity and going below, in the very middle of the royal spectre's speech, gave the winch that worked the-trap door two or three sharp turns, thus screwing up the substantial shadow considerably above the waistband, and displaying the strange incongruity of his costume, to the adm- miration of the house ! The effect was irresistible, and he was hailed with roars of laughter. 