VARIETIES. SECOND CounsE AT A ROMAN DIN- HER.—It would far exceed our limits to mention all the dishes which form the second course of a Roman dinner. Ol birds, the guinea-hen, the pheasant, and the thrush, were in most repute; the liver of a capon steeped in milk, and beccaficoes dressed with pepper, were held a delicacy. The peacock was first introduced by Hortensins the orator, at an inaugural supper, and acquired great repute amoung the Roman gourmands. Other birds are mentioned, as the duck, especially the head and breast; the woodcock, the turtle, and flamingo, the tongue of which Martial tells us, especially commended itself to the delicate ( alate. Of fish, the variety was perhaps still greater; the charr, the turbot, the sturgeon, the mullet, were highly prixed, and dressed in the most various fashions. In the banquet of Nasidienus, an eel is biought garnished with prawns swimming in the sauce. Of solid meat pork is the favorite dish, especially sucking pig, the paps of 1 a cow served up in milk, the flitch of bacon, are all mentioned by Martial. t Boar's flesh and venison were also in high ! repute, especially the former. Condiments were added to most of the dishes; . such were the muria, a kind of pickle . made fiom the tunny fish ; the garum sciorum made from the intestines ol the : mackerel; alec, a sort of brine; faex, the . sediment of wine, &c.; j Why was Grimaldi like a glass of good j brandy and water? Because he was a | tumbler of fiist-rate spirit. | An old lady being late at church, entered as the congregation were rising for ' prayer. " La I" said she, " don't rise on my account." A cannibal having devoured his wife, expressed his satisfaction at the horrid deed in one word (English). What was it ? Gladiator. (Glad I ate her) •• Is that clean butler?" asked a grocer of a boy who had biought a quantity to market. " 1 should think it ought to be," replied tie boy, "for mam and Sal Were above two hours picking the hairs out of it lait night." Two young ladies and Mr. Thaddeus O'Grady were conversing on age, when one of them put the home quection— " Which of us do you think is the elder, Mi. O'Grady?" "Sure," replied the gallant Emeialder, " you both look younger than each other." An eccentric banker was eyeing with suspicious vision a bill presented for discount. " You need not lear," said the palpilatiug cuttomer, " one of the parlies keeps hiB carriage." "Ay," rejoined the banket, "I shall be glad if he keeps his feet." An indisposition lo renounce prejudices when their unreasonableness becomes apparent, is the mark of a debased mind. Moial excellence, unlike genius or talent, does not come by birth, but must be the result of choice and labor. To cherish in our hearts a deep reverence for the Supreme Being, and gratitude for his mercies, is an unquestionable duty, though too often neglected. A Frenchman (mentioned by Miss Edgeworth) speaks of the earthquake. " that hid the honor to be noticed by the Royal Society." The devil's heartiest laugh is at a detracting pun. Hence the phrase devilish good has Sometimes an almost literal meaning. Dr. Borlase relates the following marvellous anecdote of instinct displayed by a Cornish lobster—"As he was fishing one day, a fisherman observed a lobster to attempt an oyster several timeB; bi ^ at coon as the lobster approached, .the oypter shut hla shplU Ait Iepj^lT,(hei'i6br. slrr, . haying jailed willi.gr^at .iittonUon till the oyster opened again, made .it shift to throw a stone between the gaping shells, sprang upou hisprey 'and .devoured it." ' 1 ' " You have only yourself to please," said a married friend to an old bachelor. " True,"replied he,"but you capnol tell what a difficult task I fii>d it." Business is like fishing—if you wish to succeed you must anchor onc'e In a while —to be constantly changing is to keep yourself out of change for all eternily. As Tom Hood observes a mm that is always stirring must be a spoon. The Ci'sium of the Romans was a light open carriage with two wheels adapted to carry two persons rapidly fiom place to place. Its form is sculptured on the monumental column at Igel, near Treves. It had a box or case, probably under the seat. The CiBia weie quickly drawn by mules. Cicero mentions the case of a messenger who travelled fifty six miles in ten hours in such vehicles, which were kept for hire at the stations along the great roads ; a proof that the Romans considered six Roman miles per hour as extraordinary speed. The conductors of these hired gigs were called cisiarii, and were subject to penalties for careless or dangerous driving. There is in Wisbeach a room out of which nine schoolmistresses have been married in eighteen years. Mr John Scott recently stated at the Limerick Workshop, he would sooner have five hundred men under his charge than fifty women. One ol the metropolitan papers gave publicity to an advertisement headed, " Wanted, a Miller." Wi;l it be credited when we say that a noted pugilist applied for the situation? Not a single death has occurred in Eaton Hastings, during a period of more than four years A lie may stagger ihtough a brief existence, as a blackguard edges his way through a crowd by dintofbullying; but the truth, however abused for a time, will triumph and live for ever. THE VeitKOK GALNF.KY.—Thecollec- ! lion of paintings by British artists, so j munificently presented to the nation by | Mr. Vernon, has, after a long delay been removed from the residence of that gentleman in Pall-mall, and is now safely stowed away in a compartment on the basement floor of the Nntioi.al Gallery, in Trafalgar Square, where the public ate freely admitted to view them as well as they can, and to indulge in those general speculations upon the prospects 61 art in this country which BUCII a collection so located may suggest. On our entering the sombre hall, a placard pointed out to us a dark staircase, which led to the du] abyss to which the British school of the National Gallery had been consigned. Arrived at the bottom we found ourselves in a sort of kitchen, or servant's hall, some thirty feet square, and some dozen or thirteen feet high, which was divided in two by a passage or viaduct, pierced with archways right or left at either end. Six windows—three on each side—and the bases of which were abput six /eel from the ground, threw streams of cold and painful light upon the behelder. To see the pictures was in most cases a matter of impossibility; so ingeniously was the light disposed—falling mercilessly upon the surface of some to the utter extinction of the colors beneath, and just skimming some inches off the surface of others (those placed laterally), leaving them in utter daikness. In this dark viaduct there arc eight or ten pictures more favored than the rest, inasmuch as they are altogether removed from the baneful influence of these extraordinary atmospheric effects, and by the aid of a candle might probably be inspected with advanage. Disappointed of seeing the pictures, the eye wanders recklessly about, and through the windows, on either side contemplating, on the one hand, the lowering Nel on Statue; on the other hand, the red brick chimney of the newly built wash-houses for the poor; and w» exclaim despondingly, " Such are thy monuments, oh art, in England!" How THEY BUILD IN NEW YORK. There was once a gentleman who, having moved into a house in Hudson street tilted his chair backward against the front wall after dinner, as all Americans do, to enjoy his cigar. The dining room was on (he second floor. The wall gave way beneath him, and he was spilled into the street. He was an alderman, and, luckily, pitched upon his head—or, perhaps he might have been hurt. He had a two hours' head ache as it was. When he sought damages in the Court of Common Pleas lie was nonsuited, on the ground lhat, living in a house in New York, he must have been aware of the peril, and was not entitled to compensation for harm of his willul or careless seeking. A washerwoman in Canal street, going to drive a nail into the brick wall of the next house, there to attach a clothes line, struck the iron trough into the skull of the tenant, who happened to be taking his afternoon nap in I he posture of the sufferer ol the preceding story, and killed him as dead as Sisera."—Boston Herald. No SCARCITY OF FOOD.—It ii estimated that the harvest of the Unjted States this season is sufficient to feed half the people on the globe, abundantly. With scarcely any exception, every species of grain, fruit and vegetable is yielding throughout the country and extraoidinary crop. Of beef, pork, cheese, &c.;, the same plenty abounds, and while our population are sure of every luxury in the way of lood, we shall have a surplus sufficient to meet all the /amine that may occur iu the Old Worlcl.— New York Sun. The Chartist prisoners awaiting trial in Newgate, are' permitted by' the authorities to have the tools requisite for shoemaking and tailoring, in which occupations they are daily engagrd. The money earned by them is to be devoted to their defence. TASTE FOR READING.—IF I were to pray for a taste which should stand .me in stead under every variety ot circum» stances, and be a source of happineBB nd cheerfulness to me through life, and a shield egainst its iils, however things ^leJ'tngO.! "Whe-; .J)* ?orld/rbm aga.irist.me, it.would be it,taste for reading.—Sir J. Herschelt. Two buxom sistersJhfti been prevented .marrying by die. parsimony of a harsh father, whose death had at. length .set them at liberty. " Well," said one o(- them, "I will now marry him who pleases me best, and that is our neighbour's son, Henry." " Tush," said the other, "youmuBl marry the one destined for .you by Fate. Don't foa know marriages are made in heaven ?" " O dear." replied her sister, " I hope not; for then father will surely tear out the leaf that ours is written in. LOVE —The article of love is quoted in last advices as follows:—" Love is like tbe d—I, because it torments; like heaven, because it wraps the soul in bliss; like salt, because it is relishinglike pepper, because it often gets on fire; like sugar, because it is sweetlike a trope because it is the death of man ; like a prison, because it makes a man miserable: like wine, because it makes us happy ; like a man, becauee it is here to day and off to-morrow like a woman, because there is no get. ling rid of it; like a ship, because it carries one to the wished for port; like a will-o the-wisp, because it often leads one into a bog; like a fierce courser, because it often runs away with one; like the bite of a mad dog, or the kin of a pretty woman, because they both make a man run mad; like a goose, because it ii silly; like a rabbit, because there is nothing like it. In a word, it is a ghost, because it 11 like everything, and like nothing, often talked about, but never seen, touched, or understood. Jin Irishman being asked what he came to America for, said, * Is't what I came here for, you mane? Arrali, by the powers! you may be sure that it wasn't for want, for I had plenty of that at home." PRESENCE or MIND.—Wilkes never lost his presence of mind, but was always full of resources. When he was apprehended by the King's messengers, (he warrant included Cliuicliill the poet who entered the room just as Wilkes was captured. "Thompson, my dear fellow," cried Wilkes, as if overjoyed to see him,' they have just seized me, and the warrant includes Churchill. You are not likely to see ChurclnM yourself, but if you meet any of his friends beg them to warn him to get out of the way.*' Churchill took the hint, and after a few observations about Mrs Thomson, he took (lis leave, and took care to be off pretty quickly directly he was clear of the house. CLERICAL WIT.—The facetious Wat Morison, as he was commonly called, was intrealing the commanding officer ol a regiment at Fort George to pardon a poor fellow condemned to the halberts. The officer granted his petition, on condition that Mr Morison should accord him the first favour he asked; this favour was fto perioral the ceremony of baptism upon a young puppy. A merry party of gentlemen were invited lo the christening. Mr Morison desired Major — to hoid up the dog. " As I am a minister of the Kirk of Scotland," said Mr Morison, " I must proceed accordingly." Major said he asked no more. " Well then, Major, I begin with the usual question; do you acknowledge yourself the father of this puppy f" The major understood the joke and threw away the animal. Thus Mr M. turned the laugh against the en* snarer, who intended to deride a sacred ordinance. RATIONAL CORSETS.—So much good advice has been thrown away upon the ladies in the matter of tight lacing, that we are glad to no'ice an invention which goes far to divest them of the power of injuring themselves by means of the coiset. This is a new application of caoutchouc, which is introduced, iu the form of fine threads covered with lace thread, (into the staple or the cloth of which stays are made. Such a mode of introducing this material, it will be seen, permits free evaporation; while the elasticity obtained does away with the necessity of whalebone, except in. such thin flakes as can do no harm, (n the ease with which an elastic ligature like this yields to the motions ol the chest, consists of course in its great superiority over, the old corset; but the perfect adaptation of the new invention to the shape, and the graceful flexibility it permits lo the figure, will, we suspect, be considered still greater advantages by the wearers. The inveulors are Messrs Thomas and Co.,of Cheqpside, London, whose business of staymaking would afford some rather curious statistics. In this apparently unimportant manufactory 2000 are employed; 800 in London, and the-rest in the provinces, It is worthy of. observation that the loiter, we descend in society, the more bigoted we find females to the worst species of stays. Strength and unyielding solidity are the grand properties sought lot; and in some, places, the stays offered for sale are actually weighed, and those preferred whiqh are found to, be the heaviest. A carpenter in Stoke's Croft, Bristol, recently offered, in a printed hand bill, " a.bagof shavings," as a reward lo any ot)£,whp,.wpuld capture his runaway apprentice. The fugitive was. nettled «t the value set upon him. 