DEATH AND DELIRIUM. TO THE EDITOR OP THE " ADELAIDE OBSERVER." Sir—The reports from time to time appearing as to " the grim monster," as he is called, appearing to parties about to die in consequence of excessive drinking, and consequent delirium tremens, when shakes " the house of clay," is a curious subject for reflection. Wood cut and copper plate engraving in countries where they did not burn the dead before their bones were bared by corruption, did a great deal to give the idea of the physical form of the messenger of mortality to the living and the dying, or rather to spread the notion of his outlined image and existence among man kind. The steward of the Samuel Boddinglon, who saw " Death in a corner," had evidently a notion of this kind. How more rational is the spectral appearance mentioned in the. Book of Job to this effectLo, a spirit passed before mine eyes and the hair of ir.y head s{ood up. It stood still, but I could not discern the form thereof, and I heard a voice." Even " Death on the pale horse," is not outlined in Holy Writ, wherein it is written, "handle ma and feel me, for a spirit hath not flesh and bones as ye see me havei" The ghost of Death's dart is quite sufficient to prove the idea a mere phantom I A Saul may inquire of a Samuel raised by a witch, but as to modern pretensions of the sort, I have never searched through the evidences or well examined the converts and the pretenders without dis covering that it's ail "a delusion, a mockery, and a snare." A fortuneteller once asked me to have my fortune read: she was soon however made to look like a fool frightened by the following reply.—" It you know anything at all about me, you would know that I have long since made up my mind not to patronise or support any impositions of (he kind." And 1 new conclude with this digression, which is introduced here in connection with the former letters on Astrology and Mesmerism, to prevent the soil of this rising colony, like that of the old world, from being cursed by the excrescence upon it, namely, witchcraft, demonology, ghostly apparitions, and'the modern moonshine sciences, to which in their falling tenacity our superstitious yet cling with a death grasp 1 I remain, Sir, Yours, Ac., Alfred T. J, Martin. Adelaide, 10th Feb., 1849. 