THE TWO GHOSTS. SCENE--LIMBO. Earl Grey's Ghost. ANYTHING in, this morn- ing, Gaffer, that you bustle about so briskly? Gaffer Grey's Ghost. Why yes, my lord. Fugacious' signal has been flying these two hours, and they telegraph curious news from Sydney. That pretty boy of yours has made New South Wales a convict colony again. E. G. G. Ah, Howick, Howick, unstable as water, thou shall not excel! Why 'tis but the other day he declared his intention not to send them convicts in any shape, without their express consent, and on certain conditions, which I saw he would find it difficult to fulfil. G. G. G. It is true, his proposal was pro- vided they agreed, to send them reformed pri- soners after probation, with an equal number of free persons, and to keep the sexes even, at the expense of the Imperial Revenue. He says he has not the money to perform these conditions. E. G. G. What, then, have they consented to take his exiles alone? G. G. G. By no means. On the contrary, he has not paid them the compliment to ask their consent. He has intimated his purpose to chance it; and, consequently, they are all in a ferment in the colony. E. G. G. This is no joke, Gaffer. What more? G. G. G. Why that is all I have learnt by the Electric. But we shall have a supplement of the John Walter's Galactic Messenger imme- diately, with all the particulars. Fugacious is ashore long ago, I dare say. The son of Saturn does not let the grass grow at his feet, Earl, does he? E. G. G. No--an active young officer--pro- motion this time, no doubt, Gaffer? Pity, we missed him, by leaving Terra too soon. G. G. G. It is; but I have no doubt he has called on my friend Dr. Smokey, the Clerk of the Weather, and others of my old friends. How shall we get introduced to him? E. G. G. Leave that to me, I'll invite him to an audience. G. G. G. You forget you're not Prime Minister here, Earl. E. G. G. So I do--but here's the Extra- ordinary. What's this? What's this? Siege of Vienna! President of the National Con- vention! Why they have been printing from an old newspaper of the French Revolutionary period-- stupid! G. G. G, Let me see! So it is, I declare! let me see--no, yes--no, the names are all different--dates all distinct--in troth, here's news; a Republic in France-- Europe Dis- turbed. E. G. G. Siege of Vienna to be sure--Mu- nicipal Council--Hungarians--here is a busi- ness--265,000 French workmen supported by the State! Whew! G. G. G. Well; I thought it would come to that. E. G. G. The deuce you did? G. G. G. I always did, I assure you. Any- thing about wool and tallow? E. G. G. Wool and tallow be hanged! Don't you see that the Continent is in com- motion from end to end? G. G. G. I do; I looked for it, but not so soon; not quite so soon I acknowledge. What of Ireland? E. G. G. I see nothing of O'Connell now. G. G. G. O'Connell? Do not you know he's at the other place some time ago? Has nobody taken up his trade? E. G. G. It seems not. Oh, here are a few persons tried for sedition, and sentenced to Bermuda. Ah!--and Smith O'Brien? G. G. G. What of him, poor fool? E. G. G. Tried for high treason, and con- demned to be hanged, drawn, and quartered, of course. G. G. G. Too good for him. What of fine wool? E. G. G. Low--very--very--very low. G. G. G. You don't say so, Earl? Let me have the paper a moment. Low indeed! What will become of my friend the Suffering Squatter? New South Wales--umph --Earl Grey's Despatch--revoke at once the Order in Council declaring New South Wales to be no longer a place for receiving convicts--that's your precious son, Earl:--umph--umph-- Public Meeting--lots of speeches--Petition to the Queen. Pretty doings, Earl; look at that. E. G. G. Thoughtless, vacillating, and un- lucky boy! G. G. G. Yet there is much excuse too for the poor lad, if you consider the matter can- didly. Wrong, very wrong, however. E. G. G. I know you say it from kindness to me, Gaffer. The only excuse I can see is, that since we discontinued transportation to your colony, we have always been puzzled how to dispose of the convicts. G. G. G. That was your business; we were not bound to consider it, Earl. E. G. G. You must acknowledge that after poor fellows, who have committed offences, often through ignorance, should have undergone a due degree of punishment, and that of a refor- matory nature, it is only fair to give them a chance of retrieving their condition. G. G. G. That also is a British or Imperial question, not requiring our solution. E. G. G. But you wanted labour. G. G. G. We wanted labour, but we were willing to take only a limited proportion of that description of labour. We stipulated for an equal number of free emigrants. E. G. G. We had no money wherewith to send them. G. G. G. That is another Imperial question; however, you do not, I suppose, vindicate the breach of bargain by your wanting money. E. G. G. No, I only show the difficulties. Then, again, we would by and by send out their wives and children. G. G. G. Would you though? Would you indeed? Would you have money for that? E. G. G. Why, really, I grant there may be some uncertainty as to that point. But the short and the long is, what can we do with them? We cannot keep them in prisons, and the still vexed Bermudas are filling up with them. G. G. G. Earl, listen to me, I won't repeat anything that you find said at this public meet- ing--I think they have done injustice to your son's motives--he is an erring well-meaning man as his father was before him-- luckily he is not quite so obstinate; but when he felt himself compelled to resort to the old shift, turned the wrong side, he betrayed a great in- fertility of imagination. It was but yesterday that the great and enlightened, and generally just, British Nation, in disregard of the laws of nations, and in contravention of her own pre- vious deliberate acknowledgements, and as some think of her solemn treaty, seized the sovereignty and pre-emptive right of property in New Zealand, occupied by a race of semi-barbarians, possessing great intel- ligence, some degree of advancement and or- ganization, and great capability of ---------- E. G. G. Well, Gaffer, I know all that-- but what is it to the point? You would not have us send the convicts to New Zealand, would you? G. G. G. Your son, the Earl Grey terres- trial, said, in justification of the transaction alluded to, that with the labour bestowed upon the earth comes the right of property in it, and that the occupancy of errant tribes acquires for them no such right. I propose not to send convicts to New Zealand, not even to the partially unoccupied Middle or Southern Is- lands,--(this would be but another breach of the bargain, and I have too much respect for the settlers of that colony to wish them to re- ceive what we reject.) I propose only that the British Government should perceive and pursue the destiny of the nation, and form new settlements in the North of New Holland, in New Caledonia, and many other suitable places that are open, sending the convicts first as precursors, pioneers, and preparers of civili- sation. Such settlements would be effected by the seizure of regions almost wholly un- peopled, and of which the small population are of the worst description of savages,--pirates and cannibals. It would avert the threatened evils from the more advanced colonies, and relieve the mother country. E. G. G. It is her old approved resource: a good deal of patronage too, Eh? G. G. G. Ah, Earl, you have not forgot your old tricks! BURGLARY.--Some time between midnight on Saturday and six o'clock on Sunday morn- ing, a quantity of wearing apparel, valued at £5, was stolen from the residence of Mr. Gordon, in Fort-street. Access was gained to the premises by climbing on to the balcony, when a window was forced. 