THE SEA SERPENT ONCE MORE. (To the Editor of the Times.) Sia,— Will you do me the very great favour to give a place in your widely circulating columns to the following reply to the animadversions of 41 Professor Owen" on the serpent or animal seen by me and others from her Majesty's ship Danlalus on the 6th of August last, aud which were, published in the Times of the 14th in stant. Tam, Sir, your obedient servant, P. M-Quhae, late Captain of Her Majesty's ship Daedalus. London, November 18. Professor Owen correctly states that I 44 evi dently saw a large creature moving rapidly through the water very different from anything I had before witnessed, neither a whale, a gram pus, a great shark, an alligator, nor any other of the larger surface swimming creatures fallen in .with in ordinary voyages." I now assert — nei ther was it a common seal nor a sea elephant, its great length and its totally different physiog nomy precluding tlie possibility of its being a 44 Phoca" of any species. The head was flat, and not a 44 capacious vaulted cranium nor had it 44 a stiff inflexible trunk"- — a conclusion to which Professor Owen has jumped, most certain ly not justified by the simple statement, that 110 ' portion of the sixty feet seen by us was used in propelling it through the water, either by vertical or horizontal undulation." It is also assumed that the 44 calculation of its length was made under a strong preconception of the nature of the beast ;" another conclusion quite the contrary to the fact. It was not until after the great length was developed by its nearest approach to the ship, and until after that most important point had been duly considered and debated, as well as such could be in the 1 brief space of time allowed' for so doing, that it wfts pronounced to he 'a sea serpent by till who saw it, and who arc too well nccuslomed'to judge of lengths and breadths of objects in the sea to mistake n real substance, and an -actual living body, coolly nnd dispassionately contemplated, pt so short a distance, too, for the 44 eddy caused by the action of the deeper immersed fins and tail of a rapidly 'moving gigantic seal rais ing its head above tho surface of the water, '' as Professor Owen imagines, in quest of its lost iceberg. The creative powers of the human mind may he vory limited. On this occasion they were not called into requisition, my purpose and desire being, throughout, to furnish eminent naturalists, such as the learned Professor, with accurate facts, and not with exaggerated representations, nor wilhwhnt could by nny possibility proceed from optical illusion ; and I beg to assure him that old Pontoppidau 'having clothed his sea ser pent with a inane, could not have suggested the idea of ornamenting the creature seen from tho Daidalus with a similar appendage, for the simple reason that I had never seen his account, or even heard of his serpent, until my nrrivnl in 'London. Some other solution must therefore he found for the very remarkable coincidence between us in that particular in order to unravel the mystery. Finally, I deny tlie existence of excitement or the possibility of optical illusion. I adhere to the statements, as to form, colour, and dimen sions, contained in my official report to the Admiralty, nnd I leave them as data whereupon the learned nntl scientific may exercise the 44 pleasures of imagination" until some moro fortunate opportunity shall occur of making a closer acquaintance with the 44 great unknown," — in the present instance most assuredly no ghost. 