in iMiiiun— tttwmmm — — ALEXANDER AND THE PUIN- \- CESS. DV A1NSW0UTI1. Continued from yesterday's publication.) ' A Greek gentleman of the third century' Sakalah,' I enterpolated here, ' extremely fond of ntiecdotes, as well as of good eating and drinking, has alluded to this banquet in a work which he cnlls the ' Deipnosoplnsttc, the 'banquet of the learned,' or as others will have it, ' the contrivers of feasts,' and in which he relates that three prizes were proposed, and that of the competitors, thirty-five were left dead on the spot, and five more died soon afterwards in their tents.' 1 The tradition being preserved, al though with variations,' continued Sa kalah, ' at all events shows that a banquet, attended with great mortality, ensued upon the sacrifice of the Indian Alexander must have had a wondeifttl constitution to have resisted so long the excesses in which he indulged, and and that, too. in a climate where such are more dangerous than elsewhere. \- Well might his greatest enemy have said on dying, ' go on, drink and be merry, and we shall meet again soon.' But wine fnileil to relieve the new sense of oppression which he for the first time felt weighed down upon his spirits. To try new sources of pleasure, he took upon his arrival at Susa, Sta- teira, the daughter of Darius, whose charms he had overlooked after tiie battle of Issus, to wife. He at the same lime gave her youngest sister in marriage to his favourite, Kephrcsliou. aiid he distributed among his principal officers virgins of highest quality. He at the same time gave sumptuous entertainments to commemorate these nuptials. ' But this failing, like all that- he had hitherto tried, he determined upon visiting Roxana, and - for that purpose he proceeded to Kerkuk, where he was visiied with the severest affliction that he had as yet sus tained, in the death of his friend He- phsesiiqn.' ' Alexander,' I ventured to observe, ' is made by all historians to proceed front Susa to Ecbatana, in Media, thus obliging him to recross the moun tains— a long and arduous journey, which cuuld scarcely have been per formed without sonic recorder other. You are more comprehensible in your tradition, Sakalah, of Kerkuk being . . the city visited from Susa. and from which it is not very far distant. That Kerkuk was at that time one of the treasuries or chief strongholds of the East— Ecbatanas, as the Greeks termed them — is quiie evident Eom the _ words of Plutarch, who describes Alexander as proceeding, after the battle of Arbela, through ihe province of Babylon to Ecbatana, where be was particularly struck with a gulf of fire, which streamed continually from an inexhaustible source. He was surprised also by a flood of naphtha, not lar irom ine gun, wnicn noweu in snch abundance lliat it formed a \- lake. Now these are circumstances which are not to be met with at the Atropatensan Ecbatana, (Takhli Sulai- man), at the Median Ecbatana, (Ispha- han) : the Assyrian Ecbatana (Aina- diyah) ; the Persian Ecbatana (Perse- polis) ; or the Syrian F.cbatana (Mount Carmelj; are still to be seen at Kerkuk ' the Babylonian Ecbatana. The neglect of this point is one of the main causes ; of the perplexity in which the subject of the marches of Alexander has been hitherto involved.''- Alexander's grief "' continued Saka lah, loo much absorbed in his story to attend to my interruptions, " upon this . . - occasion exceeded all bounds. For three, days and nights he neither changed his apparel nor tasted food. The lieu tenants of the army dedicated their armour at the tomb of his friend. The horses and mules were shorn to put them into mourning. The unfortunate physician who had attended the favou rite was crucified. " To moderate and divert his sorrow, and at the same time to punish attempts that had been mndc upon the castle in the mountains where Roxana dwelt, he undertook an expedition against the rude mountaineers, which would other wise have devolved upon one of his lieutenants, in person". For foity days he indulged in the most active exercise, -hunting the Kurds into scarcely acces sible fastnesses, and then driving them thence to be massacred in the plains and liills. " On his way back from the moun tains to Babylon, Alexander assembled the Macedonian troops at Opis on the Nahr-wan, and declared to them his pleasure that such as felt themselves un able through age and infirmities to undergo the fatigues of war should be honourably discharged from the service. This proposal which ought to have been accepted with gratitude, was heard with angry jealousy. This gave lise to an interesting scene, when alter two days' disappearance from his old companions in arms, a reconciliation took place of the most afflicting description. " As the king approached Babylon, he was met by a long train ol Chal dean priests, who conjured him not to enter the city because they had received an oracle from Bj'al, declar ing that his residence there would be fatal to him. The courtiers, however, did not fail to represent to the king That his pretended prophecy had its origin in interested motives, the Chal deans, who ever since the reign of Xerxes had appropriated the reve nues of the temple to their own pur poses, were, they said, afraid that the king should restore the rich endow ments of that edifice to their original in tentions. " Again, however, upon a nearer approach to the walls, the king saw a great number of crows fighting, some of which fell dead at his feel. This terrible presage made him stop, and being nifoi tiled that Apollodorus, Go vernor of Babylon, had also been sa crificing. in oitler to consult the gods concerning him, lie sent for Pythago ras, the soothsayer, who (lid not deny the fact, and who when asked how the entrails of the victims appeared, replied faulteringlv that the liver was without a head. It was in vain lliat it was urged thai Apollodorus, alarmed at the severe treatment of several of his colleagues, and conscious of evil admi- nistialimi, bad practised with his brother Pythagoras to keep Alexander with out llie walls of Babylon : the king, who since the death of Kilanus bad been susceptible of impressions, whirl, his manly soul would before have re-" sisted and repelled, gave way to the uiuliitude of bad omens, and re aired to Burs Nimrud, the Borstppa of the Greeks. " For a short time subsequent to these events the king somewhat reco vered his energies and cheerfulness. Convinced that nothing has a greater tendency to unite nnd harmonise the minds and manners of men than public entertainments and common pleasures, Alexander .had been careful to celebrate in an ine great cities wnicn ne visueu the musical and gymnastic games. For this purpose above 3000 players and musicians, collected from all parts of Greece, assembled at Birs Nimrud, where theatrical exhibitions were daily performed. He also sought to divest his mind by active employments, such as opening a new inlet to the Pallacopas the great canal of the Euphrates, and exploring the Babylonian marshes with a view to their being drained. It was oil one of these occasions that the evil omen occurred of his tiara being blown away, and with difficulty recovered from amid such a perplexity of marsh and vegetation. From war, the mother of arts, Alexander had learned to improve the benefits of peace, and he founded in the neighbourhood of his new canal a city which he peopled with those super annuated Greeks who seemed no longer capable of military ser'vice, and with such others of their countrymen as thought proper to settle in this fertile, though remote countiy. " Animuted by the most enlightened views of policy and an ardent zeal for improvements that tended to increase public happiness and to enhance the magnificence of the capital of his empire and at the same time importuned by Anaxarchus the philosopher to contemn the predictions alike of Brahmins, Magi and Augurs, as false and uncertain and unknown to mortals, Alexander at length so far regained his fortitude as to resolve upon entering with the utmost marinifi/tanMA inin i'-uguiuvvul. u illlu that city which was to him the great theatre upon whih be bad long desired to display bis glorv. " Once in the city of Nebuchad nezzar, Alexander gave audience to ambassadors from all ports of the world, and especially to those from Greece, who presented him wilh golden crowns, the offerings for submissive flatteiy from their several republics; he also reviewed his troops and gal leys, and he who by his activity and courage had brought into subjection the provinces of Ctlicia and Syria, and the strengths of Palestine) had added to tie empire the antiquity of Egypt arid the reDown of Persia, and had laid at his feet the produc tions of Inrlia, the fertility of Assyria, the wealth of Su«a, and tire won ders of Babylon, still meditated further enterprises. " But powers superior even to all this worldly greatness bad willed it otherwise. Tha designs and the life of the world-subduer were now alike drawing to a clo-e. Alexander's tent, supported by one hundred pillars en crusted with gold, wa3 silent and de serted, the golden throne was vacated, and the one hundred couches were un tenanted, for the great king had re tired to his baths and to sacrifice to the gods. " Warned by some strange pre sentiment the king returned alone from li is devotion to his tent unaccompa nied by either guard or attendants. Ti.eie to bis surprise and horror, he perceived a man sitting in profound silence upon his throne, dressed in the royal robes, and with the diadem upon.', bis head. On a nearer ap proach the king recognised the Indian Kalunus. " ' Gieat king,' said the Indian, ' I am come according to my promise. Dost thou remember, that among the questions proposed by thee, when in the pride of thy power, death pj, a successtul answer was the alterna tive for those who had done nought to offend thee, one of thy questions was, ' How might a man became a god ?' And the answer was, ' By doing what it is impossible for man to do.' Art thou not satisfied that thou art not a god?' "I am,' mournfully replied the king. "'Thou also asked. 'Which is strongest, life or death ?' And the answer was, ' Life, because it bears many evils.' Art thou now. prepared to concede that the evils of life can overcome the fear of death V '"I am,) mnrmured Atexander. " ' And llie last question put was, ' How long is it good for a man to live ? ' To which the answer was, So long as he does not 'prefer death to life.' Art thou prepared to give up the vanities of worldly ambitiou for immor tality, and to exchange the evils and uncertainties of life in the flesh, for .the enduring and everlasting cei tain lies of life in the spirit p " ' I am,' replied tho king, in a clear voice, rousing himself to meet his fate. " ' Then, Alexander, we meet again to- inorrow,' said the Indian, and he dis appeared. The guards and attendants rushed into the tent, impelled by a loud shriek — the king had fainted at the foot of his throne. His royal robes and diadem were lying, as if without a mas ter, upon the vacated pttrple." " The explanation given of the vision of Alexander,'' 1 interrupted, " that it was a native of Messeue, an escaped felon, who had been im pelled by the god Scrapis, to put on the royal robes and diadem, I am then to suppose was a fiction got up to relieve the king's mind of the terror incident upon such an event ; and to give a greater appearance of truth to this well-intentioned fiction, an unfor tunate man was actually sacrificed and igtiominiuusly put to death." 'Alas!' replied the caravansary- keeper. 1 if the Greeks have so narrated the event, I fear such must be the explanation ; for is it likely that an escaped felun wouid have dared to assume the gatb of Alexander? Alex ander, perceiving his death to be certain, aft(r nrnfitt'lpilitiniT l>i« fato In ha Hint _ — O D of his family, for most of the CEacidans had died within their thirtieth year, went out to pacify the soldiers, who suspected treachery, and he stretched forth his right hand to be kissed by them, at which they wept bitterly. But tile son of Philip was not only without tears, but also without any token of a sorrowful mind ; lie even comforted those who grieved impatiently, and said as ho was invincible against an enemy, so was he also against death. " The soldiers being dismissed, he inquired of bis friends whether they thought they should find a king like to himself? AT holding their peace, lie said, he knew that they could not, and that he now foretold that he being dead, his ghost would be disturbed by great contentions among his successors, at tended by great slaughter. Then turn ing to Perdiccas, he said, ' You know best with whom the succession to the empire ought to lie, take this ring,' and the moment the ring was draw-i from off the royal finger, the king fainted, nor did lie ever recover his' speech. The officers and followers then began to engage in so many disputes and con tentions among themselves, that the body was left in the tent thirty days unembalmed, and little cared for, yet it showed no sign of taint but continued fresh and clear. " ? he main cause of these discussions among the generals was the difficulty of appointing a successor. Meleager advocated the cause of a son of Alexan- der, born of Barsine, Hercules by name. Others were far appoiuling Aridasus, whose nomination was opposed by i Ptolemy, on account of the baseness of his origin ; but Perdiccas declared that the issue of Itoxana should be waited for, upon which the other generals re marked, that if they must wait for a king, they had better wait for the issue of Stateira, who was daughter of the King of Persia, and not for the issue of a satrap's daughter. Whereupon Per diccas repaired to the mountain castle, and together with Roxana, they in- : dticed Stateira, then at Susa, by means of a forged letter purported to be written by the deceased king, to repair thither, and having gotten her into their power, they threw her into a deep well, where her remains may still be seen by the curious in those matters. Roxana, however, paid dearly for this foul act, having been afterwards put to death with her son Alexander, with more than ordinary cruelty, by G'assander, who usurped the throne of Macedonia, upon the death of his father Antipater." itLVUi uill » w jwui UVtrUUIIL, fltl kala, a punishment not altogether un merited, although it may be difficult to read the decrees of a wise providence in the deaths of the young Hercules and Alexander. There can, however, be no doubt but that it was for the ultimate benefit of the human race. 'One more observation, Sakalah, I would venture to make upon your strange tradition of Alexander's death. It is said that it was not until Aris- taoder announced that the possession of the royal corpse would give stability to the kingdom where it was interred, that Ptolemy got it conveyed by stratagem to Alexandria, and it is not a little remarkable that the Conditorium of the great conqueror now adorns the museum of that country in Europe which has shown the most stability, when all around lias been changeable and in secure, and that country, Sakalah, is my own.' 