AND TASMANIAN! HOBART TOWN: NOVEMBER 23, 1849. A GHOST OF THE MIDDLE AGES I IT is seldom we descend from our usual Editorial functions to notice correspondents in the columns of a contemporary journal ; but there are occasions when the question adver- tised, and under formal discussion, has an im- portance which the materials of thought and quality of style employed in its treatment fail to supply. Under the initials of a real or fictitious sig- nature, some clerical author of three successive letters on Popular Education has, with more wisdom than courage, sheltered himself from that responsibility lo public opinion, which few indeed, in their own persons, would be likely to enjoy. The community has been so much accustomed to assumption, manouvre, and falsehood, on this important topic, from Messrs. Fry and Lock down to CO. of the Courier, that an ordinary amount of misrepresentation would have been passed by, as u matter of course; but this gentleman is resolved to leave such humble competitors for public contempt far behind-not only by his notions on Educa- tion itself, but hy transfusing into this dis- cussion the principles of civil and spiritual despotism, which he has been born ¡i few cen- turies too late successfully to announce. It is painful to observe the grievous anachronism which has happened in this writer's career. He has, somehow or other, eluded the Fatei, 1 He was clearly intended for iho MIDDLE ACES, when hearers might have hfen found properly qualified for his theme. His spiritual riddles might then have found a Sph nx. But here, in the 19th century, he lacks the requisite mental, or rather moral, correspondence. The symbols appear before the mind, but they are not com- prehended by the heart. It is as if a leader of modern English should sit down to the language of old Chaucer, or the venerable Bede. We are very modestly called on to thread our way back again, through many generations, and resume at every step in our way tho darkness peculiar to each, until we acquire the barbarity of which the human mind had been gradually divested. To hint, as the writer does, in no ambiguous terms, that a man may possess the piety of Baxter, the sublimity of Howe, the zeal of Brainard, and the eloquence of Hall, he is nevertheless no minister of Christ, unless epis copally ordained ; that, as an expositor of both the Law and Gospel, he may have Selden's acquaintance with ontiquity-be as rich in the Principles and habits of Biblical criticism as Titmann or Ernesti-that he may add to the learning of Grotius, the sagacity of Calvin, the spirituality of Doddridge, devout and da-1; application to the fountain of light for j»"T" nation of mind and purity of heart ; but it shall be a}l of no use-he shall fail to make a safe passage through what this writer mustdeem the jungle of the Chrlstlon revelation, without an episcopal guide, taken, it may be, from the Road Office, as in the case of Mr. Bryan ; or from a manufactory of manure, as in the case of Mr. Dobson ; or, it may he, some scion of the buskin, who has derived his theology from the Oreen Room, or from some other " School of the Prophets," as the Probation Department; that although Heaven may have sealed their credentials, and their ministerial qualifications attested by the conversion and improvement of men, the Pastors of other communions are yet no ministers, mid their people, the crown of their rejoicing, however devout, exemplary, and henevolent-with whatever virtues live, or with whatever raptures die-are only 'Schis, matics and Heretics.* Now, we tell this reverend peace-breaker, whoever he may be, that he is a rebel against the majesty of truth and the birthright of man : that he slanders no less the choicest works than the clearest words of God ; and that if the principles and practices of Christian virtue, necessary for salvation and useful to a state, are so offensive to his sight, because tiley owe neither their origin nor maintenance to clerical zeal, he is a traitor to the polities of both earth and Heaven. This community cannot but be shocked, that every now anil then, when the languishing po- pularity of the episcopal church is thought to be in need of a stimulant, some unfledged clerk should announce the insufficiency of inspiration to accomplish the purpose of its gift ; that it is perilous to our eternal welfare to interpret for ourselves a direct communication from Heaven, notwithstanding the dictates of interest and duty : that we must leave its feebler light, to have our minds subdued by the superior radiance of the church catechism, whose alternate puerilities and disputable abstrac- tions have never yet been harmoniously ex- plained by its friends ; that unless we submit to a grand delusion, to what we believe to be a solemn lie : to what in the vast majority of Clines is false inf/ct : that by baptism children are " made members of Christ and heirs of the Kingdom of Heaven" (language which some of the clergy affirm means all that it says, and others that it means nothing of the kind). That unless you do this, whatever displays of Chris- tian excellence you discern in your children, you must regard them through life only as victims better adorned for retribution, and in death sorrow over their sepulchres in despair : that at the risk of their reputation here, and the recognition of their title to a better here, after, parents must perceive the necessity of receiving for their children religious ordinances from many who themselves are not religious some immoral, others worldlings, and most mere state-fed functionaries who are ready to exchange the office for the pulpit, and the pulpit for the firm, whenever status or cupidity offer the requisite inducement ! There are clergy- men whom we love and honor, and applaud, « ho have won our esteem and affection by their substantial merits ; and there are others, sprigs of Puseyism, whose irrefutable claim to our di«gust is preferred in their own language. " People fall into the error of supposing that a clergyman is no more than another man I A clergyman must be loohed up to by children with awe and deootion I " Such are the humane and Christian conse- quences-the pride of the clergy, and the per- secution of the people-that follow the senseless idolizing of these very luminous dogmas of cor- rupted theology 1 And while we are on this subject, we shall remind our readers that, if the present age eminently illustrates one truth, it is the complete failure of the Church catechism and subscription to produce uniform opinion, adherence to the Church, or prevalent virtue ; for there is no honest man, competent to the question, but who knows perfectly well that in the Episcopal Church every shade of theo- logical opinion has its advocate and friends, from the frigid morals of Epictetus to the heated frenzies of Madame Guion, from the low Arminianism of Bishop Tomline to the Antinonianism of Dr. Hawker-from the So cianisin of Bishop Watson to the obtrusive Tractarianism of M'Neille-from the rational Orthodoxy of Thomas Scott to the Puseyism of Mr. Newman-from the wild Fanaticism of the AGAPEMONE to the blaspheming Scepticism of Mr. Froude; and yet men, bearing the name of Christians, and affecting a transcen- dental zeal for educational and religious insti- tutions, with lifted eyes and in solemn tone, hut with fronts of brass, repeat, in the face of these facts, the oft repeated story of the effi- cacy of catechisms and subscriptions to produce and sustain unity of theological opinion in the world I Now what do these gentlemen mean by this boasted unity ? but, that notwithstand- ing these jarring diversities, they all swear that they are one; that these conflicting opinions, incurably schismatic in others, are rendered perfectly harmonious in them by one common oath ! that tiley have only to say there is unity, and adjure, and repeat both the assertion and the oath ; and however obvious and wide the diversities,-however angry the contradictions and criminations ; contradictions gathered not from conjecture or conversation, but from their own published works,-they nevertheless " hold the unity of faith in the bond of peace."_Pro pudor I Further,issubseription and the catechism more efficacious to produce adherence to the Church than to preserve those in its pale from endless variations of opinion? They aro not. And, if common observation were not fatigued with proof we could call a cloud of witnesses. One unexceptionable deponent in this island shall be heard. Rev. Mr. Stackhouse, of Perth ; who, in a volume ol'lecture lately published, says " Within a few j cars as many as eighty of the clergy of the Church of England, and some of them very learned and talented mon, have em braced the roligion of Rome, not to mention private individuals who have followed their ex- ample. Tho doctrines, too, which are preached hy ¡nany of our clergy aro little if at all better than Popish errors I" But is the case improved, when we examine their effects on public virtue ? With no wish to give offence, we ask who are the transports to this colony ? Those mainly who have been starved on the meagreness of catechisms. Are they in any sort of propor'ion whose reli- gious sentiments have been formed and che- rished by the supreme excellence and sole su- premacy of the Bible ? They are not ; and if any doubt is felt, consu't Dr. Hampton_wit- ness the speed and earnestness with which transports are claimed as members by the priest and the clergy I and the calmness with which they transfer the children of the poor into the hands of felons, to receive their education, is a test of their anxiety for their improvement 1 We have one parting word of advice to this Shade of Olden Time, who seems to be fond of the word Schism, as a term of reproach to his neighbours, It may not be known to him, but it is true nevertheless, that in the Greek Testa ment the term Schism is never used, but to indicate a rent IN a material, as in a garment, or in an assembly, as a church,-and has no application-can have none- to those who never belonged to a particular assembly, or who peace- fully retire ; but to the miserable conflict of theological sentiment, to the quarrels between the people and the clergy, and the imprison- ment of the elerey by the Bishops within tho , Church, its application is scripturally exact. IM our fourth page will be found the debate in the House of Commons on the 12th July, on the motion of Mr. Anstey for an enquiry into the conduct of Sir W. Denison for his uncon- stitutional interference with our judges. Wo copy the debate from the Times of 13th July. We recommend our readers to a careful perusal of that debate, satisfied that there can he but one universal feeling of indignation at the authors of the gross, malicious calumny, the dishonest and dishonourable malignersof the community of this Island-a community the free inhabitants of which are as peaceful, orderly, and loyal, as in any dependency of the British Crown. But how comes it that a statesman of Lord J. Russell's standing, without hesitation makes the following assertion, that " at this moment" 12th July, 1849-or moreproperly March 1849, the last dates from the colony-" the Governor %liad to deal with a disorderly and DISORGANIZED state of Society in Van Diemen's Land," and that consequently " he did not think there was any use in giving mare v;sight to the disappro- bation which the Colonial Secretary had felt himself obliged to express of this particular act of Sir W. Denison [the interference with the judges] than hail already been given to it by the statement that had been made?" What had such a declaration to do with the motion before the House, which referred to proceed- ings eighteen months previously ? Upon what authority did the Premier of England volun- tarily step forth in the British Parliament, and utter such a gross, palpable lie in defamation of a community which has already been in suited, degraded, defamed,-wronged,.illused, neglected, aud irritated in every possible way, by every possible means at the command of a Government, and its minions, who look upon it only as the fit sink-hole for all the pollution crime, and villainy of the British Empire east, west, north, and south ? Lord John Russell is not the man to make broad assertions of gratuitous falsehood ; he is too wary ; he would not hazard his reputation in any such way. We believe Lord John Russell was per- fectly convinced of the correctness of his as- sertion when he uttered it : for we believe he would scorn to stoop to vilify any community at the expense of truth. Where then did Lord John obtain his information from, upon which he placed such confident reliance as to broadly assert that this community was in a disorderly and disorganised stale f Is it necessary to put the question ? We believe not. The public are quite aware upon what channel Lord John Russell and the British Ministry rely for information from the British dependencies! Their time is too fully occupied to give them opportunity to consult any other source of information than that which is official:-and from the official channel of information in Van Diemen's Land mnst the gross and deliberate calumny have ernannt eil ! There can be no doubt of it; it is as plain and palpable as the sun at noonday I We have here the full proof of the effect of the celebrated despatch which the pannier-carrier for the Government-the Hobart Town Advertiser-loudly proclaimed " deserved the thanks of the colony I" The effects of the gross and deliberate misrepresenta- tions of the community by Sir W. T. Denison and his clique in that despatch, and no doubt in many others of a similar character, is first seen in the Prime Minister of the empire stating in Parliament-being misled by misrepresentation -a deliberate falsehood, on the 12th July ; and following it up by, on the 17th July, under the paltry and mischievous excuse of want of time, withdrawing the measure of relief held out to our view-after false promises-" promises made to be broken"-for a period of TWENTY FIVE YEARS I These we say are legitimately to be charged to the representations of the governing clique of the colony-first we are traduced-grossly, falsely traduced-then we are injured ; and for the first and the last the colonists are indebted to machinations of the Colonial Govern- ment. There is not a true colonist who can doubt it 1 The labour, the efforts, the strug- gles-the hopes, the anxieties- of the colonists for the last twenty years, when they considered the object of their wishes and desires was almost within their grasp, is suddenly torn from them throuirh the instrumentality of a faction that lives upon their life blood-fattens upon their poverty :-and at the same time, without re- morse, and while assuming to their faces the the veriest blandishments, assassin- like, " in the dark," hesitate not at their back to drive the dagger of calumny up to the very hilt into their vitals ; and having succeeded in sapping the confidence of the Ministry in the integrity and order of this community, che fiction is now enabled to chuckle with the knowledge that they have succeeded in putting off the day of reckoning to an indefinite period ; for, notwith- standing the promise of the Ministry, we have no confidence in the expectation of seeing the Bill, as at present propounded, made a law of next session. Truly the colonists owe a debt to Sir W. T. Denison and his clique, and also to his pannier carrier 1 With reference to the other portions of the debate it is almost unnecessary to make remark. Mr. Roebuck sufficiently exposes the gross in- sult offered to the status of Colonial Judges_ and through them to the community over whose lives, honor, and property they are appointed to adjudicate ; but as Sir W. T. Denison has re- ceived such a rebuff for his interference with the Courts of Justice here as the Ministry are affraid to publish-as his course of procedure has received such a reprimand as they are even ashamed to expose-we may rest assured His Excellency will not aerain trj the same experi- ment. We cannot help remarking, however, that Sir John Pedder has neither maintained h s own dignity, nor consulted with due care i he dignity of the Judicial Bench, in not making public the apology it is stated ho has been satis- fied with. The interference-the insult-was public-notorious ; and we should have ex- pected from Sir john that he would have in- sisted upon the reparation being as public_as notorious. The debate proves but too plainly the utter indifference of the home government for the in- terests of the colonies. Anything will do for colonies- it is not even necessary to guard the channels of justice with same care as ut home ; -the only thing that is worth consideration is to protect the representative of the corrupt and despotic Colonial Office from public animad- version and reprobation. The attempt is fur worse than a .failure. POOR Advertiser/ we pity him 1-Hooted and hissed by a public meeting he had endeavoured to thwart, and in which his tergiversation, and " Jim Crow " propensities, were so fully ex- posed, he has lost all command over his senses, and has become so thoroughly bewildered that he actually asserts he was asleep last night,_ and he does this in an article that was wrtten yesterday-perhaps last Sunday-certainly not to-day 1 We must leave him to his cogitations, and nut add bitterness to the draught he has been obliged to swallow to the very dregs 1 Perhaps the " gilded pill " which will be administered to him from head-qunrterB, will have the usual soothing effect upon his tortured bosom, and prove to him "a good Pill," " a good Pill."_ There is, however, little hope of improvement, -the lust bulletin gives no indication of the kind, -and there is little' confidence in the tender care of the Government Physician who has the management of his unhappy caBe, as he is reported to be very callous, even " worse than a Stone." 