LOCAL XNTULLiaEHTOB. C<3» Ax Extensive Sale of Slates and Itoctc Salt just landed ex Anna, i«i!l tnke place THIS DAY, Bt Cole' Wharf, by Messrs. Tennent and Co., vide advertisement. Kathkh too Bad —An information is about to Ufi laid against an individual un derstood to be a new arrival in the pro vince, who within tlie last few days has taken Lis stand in Elizabeth-street, immedi ately contiguous to the shops of two book sellers. and has vended cbenp publications ut n rate something like fifty per cent, under what the shopkeepers referred to. who have heavy rents and taxes to pay, have hitherto heen vending them at. The obnoxious intruder, it hit hern ascertained, is not the holder ot a liuwker's license, and lias consequ'unily laid himself open lo a heavy penalty. Liverpool Salt. Corks. Brandy IUck, and a Large Assortment of groceries, imported from the first Houses in the irntlf, will THIS DAY be submitted to puhlio competition by Mr. M iliintn Easev, vide Advertisement". A 'Revolution in London wouldn't more ntnnish the native", than the bar gains here will nstotiish the Emigrants, £42 per annum will be going a begging — in the shnpe of n now two story brick liouv in Stephen-street, to he sold without tv- serve, THIS DAY by M-. Armitatead. Vide advertisement. California. — Lite Kngtish June pipers state that the Californians have refused obedience to the Stntrs Oificinls, and are resnlved tn be nil Independent Republic. Providential Escape.— On Friday morning the inhabitants of Elizabeth-street, nitre thrown into n stats of alnrm by a horse attached to a water cart galloping furiously through tho street, vet_ threading its way so as to nvoid coming in contact with vehicles, horsemen, or pedestrians, in a most extraordinary manner. The beast pursued its career till it arrived at the post, a short distance nearer to tho Yarra thon the new water works, and one of the wheels coming in contact with the post, a capsize was the result, and the horse was secured, no other damage than a broken shaft hav ing accrued. We witnessed the accident, and although not in nt the death, witnessed the start, which arose in the following manner. Tlta ltotse, on extremely valu able nnimal, is the properly of a person named Meelien, who requiring a new pair of winkers fur the horse, proceeded to a saddler's shop in Etizaheth-street, a little above the Auction Mart of Messrs. Tennent & Co., where he took off the old winkers for the purpose of putting on the new ones. Tho animal apparently by no means re lished the operation, and whilst the process of putting on the new harness was going on, became exceedingly restive nnd at Inst bolted, the owner. Mechen, holding on by the collar, nnd endeavouring tov stop the animal. After holding on, however, for a distance of probably two hundred yards, lie was compelled to relinquish his hnld, and with difficulty avoided being run over by the wheel of the vehicle. This accident should operate as a caution to carter : the quietest hnrse in the world will bolt if his winkers be taken off. Imtudrnt Robbery and Recovery of Stolen Property.— At nbout eight o'clock on Thursday evening, ns Allcock and John son, of the detective force, were proceeding through Bourke-street, when near the Southern Cross, I hey saw a man standing in the roid, carrying a large bundle, whom they immediately uccosted t.nd requested to know what he had with him, at the same time infurminng him who and what thev were. The fellow said, "oh! it's only u bundle, you can see what it is " The con stable" asked where he got it ? to which the man replied that another man had List given it to him, and that he was ignorant of its cnnlenta. On examining the bundle it waa found to contain six new waia.conts. two pairs of trousers, eight pieces of cloth, four pieces of waistcoatiug, and a number of other articles ; there were a number of tickets to the goods, one huge one in parti cular, announcing ' trousers can br had from this magnificent kersey for thirty shillings." Upon the contents being ascertained It > lie doubt existed in the officers' minds that a rohhery had ' been committed, nnd they accordingly ennveyed their prisoner, who gave the name of John Craven, to the wntchhouse, when on searching him, a shilling and two skeleton Ireys were found in his possession. Having safely deposited the fellow in liie watehliouse, the detectives proceeded in company witli the chief constable In the -shop of a person named lluruood. a tailor, within a few doors of the Daily Fries office, the door of which they found open, and the place presenting every appearance of having been recently ransacked. There wus no appearance of any violence having heen used in opening the door, hut one of the "keieton keys found upon the prisoner, readily opened it. Mr.. Iiamnod, who does not reside upon the premises, was sent for, anil it is almost needless to add, that no authority- had been given by him to any one to ransack his shop. He stated upon the prisoner being brought before Messrs. M'LuchInn and Russell, the sitting magis trate" at the police court yesterday, that he had some slight knowledge of the prisoner, whom he had met on two or three occa sions at n coffee-house, kept by a person named Flowers, in Swanston-street. On Monday or Tuesday, last the prisoner called upon Mr. Harwood at his shop but lind no particular business with him, and Mr. Hut- wood thought that lie had merely dropped in in o friendly way. There can he no doubt that at this time, the scoundrel who is a blacksmith and locksmith, contemplated tile robbery, and that his object in puying Mr. Ilarwood a visit was, to observe the nature of the fastenings to the shop, and to provide implement" to suit his purpose. The whole of the goods found upon the pri soner, were identified by Mr. Ilarwood, as his property nnd ns having been stolen from his shop. Mr. I'laistowe who attended on behalf of the prisoner, said that In another court his client would be prepared to ac count for the possession of the property, but at present he was not desirous of urging anything in defence, lie wus then fully committed for trial, and at a subsequent period, application was made to the <nsgis< trates to admit the prisoner to bail, which however was refused. Quarter Sessions.— An adjourned court of Quarter Sessions, «t which His Honor the resident Judge will preside os Chairman, will be held this day at the Supreme Court. The applications for hnwkcrs licenses are unusually numerous, but manv of these will in all probability be rejected, the magis tracy generally being of opinion tliut li censes should not be granted to parties who are so lamentably deficient as to bo unable to reao and write. We fully concur in this opinion, numerous instancies having come underour observation In which the ignorance of these men has been made available to the scoundrel who are constantly prowling about the int'rior, engaged in the circula tion of forged orders. The appeal case of the notorious Pinnev, who was a short time since convicted by tfie magistrate for keep ing a receptacle for thieves and other aban doned characters in Flinders-street, some twenty or thirty of these characters being found gambling upon the premises lit the time the police visited them, will also, it .s anticipated, be disposed of. Reports of Public Proceedings. — The attention of the magistracy having been drawn to tliu disadvantges under which the representatives of the press labour in the discharge of their duties at the police court, the mayor and Mr. James Smith, on Satur day, alluded to the subject, and certainly manifested every desire to afford every faci lity in their power to the reporteis. Tho difficulty we may say impossibility, of bearing the proceedings under existing arrangements was readily admit- 'ed ; the magistrates indee-l labour under n similar dillioulty, anil we fear such will continue in he tho case, until a canopy above the bench witli suitable drapery, cur tain for tha window etc., are provided. SS2SSS£9ES5S5£S<S£5SSS£SSS9S9 It wus ultimately determined that a trial should be given by the representatives of the press nf the box on tho north side of the building, by which menus they will face the witnesses instead of being at their hack as hitherto. Til's change we look upon as a judicious one, ns in the event of the sound not being rlenrly audible, some idea of what emanates from the witness may be gathered from the movement of the lips. Whilst upon the subject of the new police office, we observe that preparations are ninking for the erection of n stone wtill round the building ; the wall, we learn will extend to a height of three feet above the elevated -he upon which the building stands, and which is nt least four feet nbnvo tho pithwny. An iron railing will lie placed upon the stone whII, ana thus the total height of the enclosure from the foot path will he fully ten feet: A Novel Mode of Courtship. — At a late hour on Friday night, as Sergeant Stapleton of the city police was on duty, in Queen-street, he spied an individual sitting upon the door step of the St. John'i Tavern, and after watching him for some lime the individual took a dive under the building, nnd hud disappeared with the ex ception of one leg, when Stapleton seized mm, ana with great difficulty indeed, suc ceeded in dragging the gentleman out of his hole. He proved to be a recent arrival in the province, nnmed Robert Peacock, who lias, during the las', fortnight, been employed aa a hill sticker at the theatre. When 'asked what had induced htm to place himself in such a singular position, he said at well as he could, for he had evidently been indulging pretty freely in an inebri ating cup, that he had for some time past been courting the barmaid at tlie " St. John's Tavern," nnd was about to pay her a visit after the family had gone to lied, when his intentions were frustrated by the inte rposition of the police. Not- withstanding tlie " bowl out," so determined was Peacock upon visiting his lady love, that the poljce after in vain endeavouring to induce him to desist, tank him to the watehliouse. On the following morn ing he was brought before the Mayor, when the above faots were deposed to, and Peacock after receiving a caution to avoid the use of colonial bear to a reprehensible extent for the future, was discharged. Honesty the best Policy.— On Sa turday morning, a powerful young fellow, a Pentonvillain, named James Kirbv, who about six weeks since emerged from the Melbourne gaol, to which he had been committed as a vagrant, was brought before the Mayor and Jumcs Smith, E"qr., tlie presiding magistrates, at tlie pnlico court, when Johnson of ths City Police stated that at nbmit half-past ten o'clock on the previous night, he was passing through Quoen- street, when lie met the pri soner, end guessing (rom appeal - ances Uiat lie was upon no gnod errand, lie took him into cus'odv, and resolved upon bringing him before the Bench, as a va grant. Johnson stated that he had kept a strict eye upon the fellow since Iiu had come out of goal, and so far from punish ment haying had a good effect upon him, he had since his release from durance, done no work and had been the constant «>- sociate of thieves, and the most abandoned characters to he found in the city. When taken into custody Kirby said tliut it wus all gammnn to cnnlcnd that linnei-ty was tiie best policy, and I Iiu t as lie had been working for an honest living since lie had been out of gaol, if he ngnip got three months he would never do another hand's turn, lie was again lentenced to three months imprisonment with liiird labour, os a vagrant. The Licensing Be.nch — The only magistrates in attendance at t' e police conri mi Saturday being the Mayor and Mr. James Smith, the whole of ilio licensing business, witli tin- exception of one applica tion, was postponed until Saturday next, at hall-past ten o'cloek. The exception le- ferred to was that of Thumus Ailken, tlie landlord of ihe Maiket .Square Hotel, situ ated in tile Western Mai it q. who applied for permission to remove his license to a house in Flinders Lane. It being utider- ytood that the parties tn whom the house in tlie Market Square belonged hud given Mr. Ai'ken notice to quit the premises to- tluy, atul that lie had made nil necessary ar rangements for so doing, tlie bench con sented to entertain the application, and granted it. The Flkmington Murder. — We men tioned in our last number that a peisnn named Dnyies was in cnMody on sus picion of being implicated in the murder of a young man bearing tlie same surname as tlie accused, n few weeks buck, nt Fleming- ton. The particulars nf the finding of llie body of the decea-ed must lie fre«li in the recollection of our readers. Suspicion at tached to tlie accused, not only from the fact of his hnving been one of the parties last seen in compnny with the deceased, but also from his having left tho locality in which lie had been working. It is due to him to state that the moment he was nwarc tliut suspicion lighted upon him he surrendered himself to tlie police ; he lias also satisfactorily explained the reasons which induced him to quit tlie locality at which lie had been working previously to the murder. On Saturday Davies underwent a private examination r.t riie police court, which tesuhed in his being remanded until Thursday next, lie states that lie left the deceased at the cor ner of Watson's fence, uiid that at this tixie the poor fellow was very sick. As we pre viously intimated, there is now gnod reason tn believe that no murder at all has taken place, but that the deceased met hi death by oxposure to the weather, and being in o helpless state of intoxication. The con duct of those who left him in lliia condition is highly to be condemned. Protection of the Public Thorough fares.— Mr. Stevens, Ihe road contractor, is indefatigable In laving informations against those who Intruae upon the foot path. On Friday an Information waa ax. nlhited against a person named Patrick M'Elray. for driving upon the foot path in B.rnrko Street, and according to the state ment of Mr. John Stephen, the defendant had deliberately driven on the foot-path from one end of the street to the other. The defendant assured the magistrates that this was far from being the fact and that the simple facts of the case were that he was driving a young horse when the animal allied upon the footpath and proceeded along it for a few paces before he was en abled tn turn tlie nnimol off it. Mr. Ste vens, the informer in the cose, was not in attendance, nnd the case was in consequence dismissed. The Rev. Baitist Noel.— To the Bishop of London.— My Lord,— As a Dis senter from tlie doctrine and discipline of the E-tnblisliment, I have taken before a magistrate tlie oaths prescribed bv 52 Geo. 3 yesterday I preached for Mr. Binney at the Woigh-house chapel, anil received Ihe Lord's Supper with the members of that church ; nnd I nm ready to do any other proper and lawful act which your lordship may suggest bv which I mny publicly declare my dissent. I had intended to he silent for some time, hut the progress of Mr. Bouverte'a bill haa changed my intention, heeauia at that bill will doubtless jSSis through the House of Lords without material alterations, and I am unable to avail myself of it, I wish to ascertain as soon a possible, whether ita effect will be to sentence me to imprisonment for preach ing the gospel. Had the act simplj declared that the seceding clergymen ia deprived of all offices and emoluments within tho Establishment, unit incapable of them for tlie time to come, I should have thoroughly approved it. Had it furthei enncted that each secedcr, upon a proof of his secession, should be deposed from the ministry, I might hnvo thought that the legislature was intruding into matters lieynnd its competence, when it ordered hiihnps to depose ministers of Christ, and that this afforded new proof of the bondage of the Church to the State in spiritual things, but 1 should have submitted cheer fully to its enactments. But this bill makes me a party to my own deposition from the ministry. I am to certify to your lordship my avowal of distent, upon which you are ordered to " depose me from holy orders," and then I am to be free from all pain and penalties. To avail myself of this act is to purchase exemption ' from legal penalties by consenting ' to - my deposition trom the ministry | it le to avow, not that I have ceased to be a minister of the establishment, but that I have ceased to be a minister of Christ. Were deposi tion from order merely nn act of exclusion from the body of an esiablislied clergy, I should willingly consent to lt| but as it i an act which deelnrct me to be no longer a minister of Christ, I cannot do to t because, with erery wish to pay due respect to the legislature, I cannot purchase exemption from any penolties by a lie, When I was ordained, I was required to declare my be lief that I was " inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon me this office and ministration," and thnt I was " called ac cording to the will of our Lord Jesus Christ to the ministry of tlie Church." Those who lightly enaot the deposition of a minister may think that this declaration it a farce i but in my caie, at lean, it was a solemn declaration of tha truth. That call of Christ, determined by the influence of the Holy Spirit In the heart, with other suit able qualification-, teams to me the eub« stance of ordination | and the recognition of tlii call by a bishop it one amongst several mode In wliloh tlie call of the Church i added to tha call of God. A I believed then I buliere now, that I bare been called to the ministry by Christ, and no prelate, church or Parliament, can either exonerate me from the obligations of the ministry, or deprive me of its privileges! nnd if I should any, as this hill invites me, thBt I have ceased to tie an ordained minister of Christ, I should lie. Although I attach no espe cial value to apiscnpal ordination, yet it is valid | and I can no more be a lay-nan, than a Presbyterian or a Congregational minister is so. Whatever therefore, Parliament may enact, 1 ran neither cease to he minister, nor cease to preach ; and if the law requires it, I would rather suffer any h-iigth of imprisonment for preaching the gospel, than purchase an exemption from trouble, by either declaring that I am no minister, or by ceasing to preich. 1 shnll take the liberty of sending thi letter to two or three newspapers, becnuse I wish the character of the relieP afforded to ' seceding clergymen.' by the bill now pas sing through Parliament, to he known.— I remain my dear Lord, Your Lordship's rattlilul servant, BAPTIST W. NOEL, Hornsey, Mny 7, 1849. 