ENGLISH EXTRACTS. In the house of Hamgreen belongi, | to Philip Miles, Esq (formerlyo iot Brights), is an apartment which h I long had the reputation of being haunted, noises, &o;, proceedins, as alledged, therefrom. It has beet hitherto locked, and on Mir Miles lately taking possession the door was forced and on exploring a sacret recess in one corner, the ghost or ghosts (for tlilere were two) appeared in the shape of tao old boxes, which, on being touched, fell to pieces, and there emerged to the light two massive pieces of plate, vi, a solid silver candelabrum andt a salver of the same metal. Nbady knows any. thing about them, not even M[r Robert' Bright to whom they were lent, and we suppo.e that the valuable and glitteriag apparitions will fall to the share of 31r MIliles. It is a common practice among many. of the lower orders in this country, to endeavor to have the first sight of the new moon outside the house-that is, not through a window. We know oL, lady, however, one of the intellect 1 60,000 of our own city, who makes " her regular custom to await the appear. ance of tihe new moon in the open air, in all seasons of the year, and when she beholds the object of her desire sEl curtsies to it eleven tirses,, and then turns thie contents of her pockets,money and all. She goes through this form "ith the hope that presents and all kinds of luck may come during the neat month. We cannot find it in our hearts to grudge her this little money pastime, for the act does not, like many others, affect any one but herself, and there is no cruelty to render it miechevious,like the instamces lately given by our Wells correspondent.-- Bath Journal. The following "speculative lot" was put up to auction at Mir Marsh's sale. rooms recently:--The important and valuable reversion in and to a moiely of £12,000 Consols, receivable on the decease of a lady now aged 57, provided she shall have no more chlildren; the youngest child is 19 years of age, the husband is still living and is nosr i I years.' The lot sold for £2,18O. A Spanish giant, Senor Joaquin Elezequi, 23 years of age, 7ft. 10 inch. high, and 4501bs weight Spanish, has been exhibited at Chelhenlamr. It is only by actual inspection that the mind can fully realise the height of the extraordinary men whom at various times nature produces. Without placing any faith in the Cretan records (for " the Cretans are always liars")of the discovery of the carcase of a marn thirty-three cubits i fengoth, ornearly forty-two feet, we have authentic ei-_ dence in modern history of the existence of several men upwards of seven feet in height. WIalter Parsons, p'rter to King James I., was 7ft. 4 inches hi~h, it is related of this Parsons that he oat at first apprenticed to a smith, but le grew so tall that a hole was made for him in the ground, so as to reduce him: to a level with his fellow.workmen. A Dutch giant, 7it. 7 inches high, was exhibited in London in 1581. The Spanish giant surpasses him in height: by three inchrs. Among a nation of such men as these, most of us woldl look as insignificant as Gollivereanogi the inhabitants of Brobdignac. The Rev. Dr. Simpson, minister of the parish of Kirknewton, is to be pro. posed as Moderator in the General Assembly of the Churchl of Scotland. The people of Glasgow have presenled Mr Mlacaulay with the freedom of theie city. The usualcomplimentaryspeeche hoving been made, ,lr 3lacaulay pro. sented himself, and was received wialh ethlusiaseic applause. The honorable gentleman said:-" My Lord Provost and Gentlememr-[ tleank you froat my heart for this great holnor. 'This hal (containing the document verifying his admission as a freeman) [ shall prize ? long as I hlve, and when I am goneli will be appreciated by those who are dearest to me, as a proof that in tese course of an active and chequeredlifs both political and literary, I succeeded is gaining tho esteem and goodirill o0 the people of one of the greatest sad l tmost enlightened cities in the Brilihl. empire. My political life, my lord, bha? losed." "r Macaulay, it is underetod? retires to privacy, for the purpose if pnursuing h a literary labours, which art more congenial to his taste than political wranr.gles. " It London there are," says Sir Robert Peel, " forty- six parishes or dis' tricts on eilther side of the Thames, con taining an aggregate populatlion o 166,000, and but II clergymen. No I1 clergymen should have tno more Ihn 22,000, There would be, therefore,as excess of 144,000. There are t2L ater parishes with an aggregate popuall.5i ot 736,00, and but 45 clergymen; 12,i 2 for elach. 45,000 sufficient populati0a -90,000 excess; at the rate of ?O eche, 649,oo000. Nine others i.,tit, a#,.regate p?pulation of '232.0 00 weilll ' clergymen iu charge, 38,000-e c'5c 195,000). The King's Dragoon OGuards avr la ely escorting at fall ga?top "a r" prisoners lthrough Li terick, chel at1 tPey were croosig a street a clild r,,e before them. One of the adblt O guards seeing the 'utter imnoes.ihility Y1 the child's escape, and that it mast Ie passed over by thie whole s quadet forced his horse back on its lauitae clutched tlhe child, and laving s5c, a it, placed it on the tfootwavY, andanchr I o ff, followed by the b essings an o the spectators. ca aloe Gachku roep 0dPa~L . y---g?" 