I MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. i at PRUSSIA. From the Times' Correspondent,) Berlin, August 18. The population of Hamburgh are about to feel the first effects of their scandalous and cowardly assaults upon the second battalion of the 15th Prussian Regiment. As stated by the Minister of War yesterday, in the First Chamber, a corps of seven battalions (about 5600 bayonets), a regiment of Hussars (four squadrons), about 600 sabres), a twelve pounder battery eight pieces), and a rocket battery, are to be quartered forthwith upon the inhabitants, who will thus have to endure all the expense and inconvenience of lodging and feeding nearly 6500 men and about 800 horses. The Hamburgh authorities have issued a notice to this effect. After expressing regret at what has occurred, and stating that in consequence the Prussians destined to preserve order in the city and suburbs will be quartered on the inhabitants, the billet commissioner announces that the troops are entitled to quarters and rations in the following proportions : "1. Privates and corporals : Morning, coffee with bread and butter; luncheon, bread and butter and beer; mid-day mess, soup, meat, and vegetables; supper, bread, butter, and beer; with this, an appropriate bed, with straw, sheets, and blanket, mattrasses when possible. Sergeants are entitled to somewhat better allowances. "2. Officers; Morning, coffee, bread, and butter ; suitable luncheon ; dinner and supper, and a bottle of wine each. Lieutenants entitled to one room, captains to two, and field officers to three. No remuneration will be paid for this billeting, unless the Senate chooses to tax the whole city for the purpose. The Electric Telbohaph.-The French Government has accorded to Mr. Jacob Brett the authorisation to establish on the coast of France a submarine electric telegraph between Calais and Boulogne, which, crossing the channel will go to Dover on the coast of England. The treaty entered into with Mr. Brett guarantees certain advantages to the French government, and leaves all the expense at the charge of Mr. Brett, assuring him, however a privilege for ten years in case the experiment should succeed. The works must be terminated by the 1st of September, 1850, at the latest ; but it is probable that they will be finished sooner. This first application of the submarine electric telegraph, it it should succeed, will produce on the relations between France and England results of which it is impossible at present to estimate the importance. Dover, the point at which the submarine telegraph is to join England, is united to London by a direct telegraphic line; the capitals will there fore, be in this manner in almost instantaneous communication. GORHAM v. Bishop or Exbtbb.-This long litigated case came on for adjudication this morning, by Sir Herbert Jenner Just, before a very crowded Court. It was an appeal calling upon the Bishop of Exeter to institute the Rev, Sir. Gorham to a living in the Bishop's diocese, to which he had been presented by the Lord Chancellor, but to which the Bishop refused his sanction, on the ground that Mr. Gor- ham was not sound in his opinions on some of the doctrines of the Church of England, especially those respecting baptism and regenera- tion. The learned Judge, in reading his judgment, which occupied full four hours in delivery, recapitulated the arguments adduced by counsel on both sides, and referred to the opinions of many eminent authorities upon the subject at issue; contending that as a body they plainly declared the doctrine of the Church to be, that infants were regenerated in their baptism by water, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost and that, as Mr. Gorham had unequivocally declared himself to be of the contrary opinion, it was quite clear that he held religious opinions in opposition to the Church, and was therefore unfitted to be one of her ministers that consequently the Bishop of Exeter was fully justified in his refusal to institute Mr. Gorham to the living to which he had been presented and he therefore decreed that the petition of Mr. Gorham must be dismissed with costs. Notice of appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council was immediately given, a step which the learned Judge stated was very satisfactory to him, as he did not wish the final determination of so onerous a question to remain upon his shoulders. Had he not expected that an appeal would be made, he should have undoubtedly requested the assistance of the learned Lord Chancellor, but which he felt would have been unnecessary on the present occasion, as the noble and learned lord would be called upon to afford his important assistance in the final appeal to the Privy Council. Belts Messenger, August 4. Attention to the Skin a Pbbbbbvativb against Cholera Nothing that we can do is so likely to preserve us from Asiatic cholera, and, indeed, from every disease of an epidemic or contagious kind, as a proper and judicious attention to the skin. The instructions put forth by the Board of Health for securing our defences against cholera, and the evidence collected with regard to this frightful disorder, abound in recommendations having reference to the maintenance of the skin in a state of cleanliness, of proper activity, of warmth and it is only by a knowledge of the nature and functions of the skin that we can hope to succeed completely in effecting this object Eras mus Wilson on Healthy Sinn, Look ino Ahead. The Boston Chronotype mentions that a Nantucket Yankee has been shipping a load of tombstones to California, all marked "Sacred to the memory of, and " Erected by his brother," &c.; 