CORNWALL CHRONICLE, COMMERCIAL AGEUCUCTUR.A.L &ND; NAVAL RE©E§TB&. Let it be impressed upon your minds, let it be instilled into your children, that the Liberty of the Pkesh is the palladium of all the civil, political and religious rights of an Englishman — Jcnids. Liberty with danger ia to be preferred to slavery with security. — Sellout. LAUNCESTON, VAN DIEMBN'S LAND: WEDNESDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 31, 1849. ? ^m&J;^m: ? JOURNALISM. FROM THE ' EXAMINER,' WZTH CORRECTIONS. It would have argued ignorance of the world, had we pre sumed that acclamation would always attend us. But, lately, a cruel and insatiable ghost has crossed our path, which has sought to drive us from our duty, and we write to say that — we are not frightened. The,', upright^ must triumph. It was not ambition that incited us to occupy the position of journalists ; our invariable meekness anil humility are an answer to any such charge. We have never attained, or sought, a personal object ; pecuniary pront did not invite us to tbe contest — and having put together a sufficient fund to cover prospective losses, when we retire from the field, we mean to return what remains of the profits of our speculation to the public. We shall not be deterred from our duty by any sacrifice short of the confidence of the public ; and, sustained by that, we continue to prosecute, with vigour, the war we com menced agaiust the institution of freemasonry. We are prepared to go to the stake for our principles; and, indeed, we have more taste, for martyrdom — than money. If we die, we know that John West will remember us in his forthcoming history, and we shall go down to posterity. Some presumptuous persons, who cannot write English themselves, have lately set themselves up to criticise what they do not understand— ignorant people, whose morbid servility disqualified them to penetrate even the signifi cance of our tentative lucubrations. Their pandiculation is no concern of our's, and, to enlighten it, would be paracentric in us, and beneath our dignity as iournalists. They have, also, assumed to be umpires in ethics. We leave them alone. We maintain the right of every man to think for himself, and to express his sincere conviction, and we challenge any one to shew that, from the Lieutenant-Govemor and Council, down to the party who danced at his ball lately, we ever questioned any one's right to act upon their convictions. The public are our support, and to fight against the public would be mere theomachy on our part ; it must recalcitrate, in any case. We never esteemed ourselves infallible ; that it would be absurd is evident, for we are human, and no human being is exempt from error. But the modesty and for bearance with which we have always expressed our opinions must shew that we have always remembered our frailty. But if any one is dissatisfied with our labours, let him give up reading them ; ' the subscription, even when paid, oniy defrays the cost of paper and mechanical labour necessary to place the broad-sheet in the reader's hands.' As we have intimated already, we never pocket any thing ourselves ; our public labours are our private losses j but we persevere, because we made a contract, some years ago, with the public. ' Meretricious patronage is worthless,' and we keep a book at the office for the names of mere tricious subscribers, whom we never call upon to pay. We challenge any one to prove the contrary. It would be inconsistent in us to act otherwise, and our inconsistency would be made a fulcrum for the lever that would shi the Examiner. But the fulcrum shall be wanting till that is found by which the philosopher is to move the world. We have been accused of sectarianism, although we stated at the outset of our career that we should be the partizans of no faction— the organ of no sect. Some constant and intelligent readers have charged us with g bias towards episcopacy ; vu assure our friends that we are innocent. Many have said we were presbyteriaus, and the ingenuousness of our nature which has led us to appeal for funds to complete the Scotch church here, will doubtless be quoted against us. But we arc also suspected of deration to the Pope and the catholics, and it lias even been said that we received a present from Rome some time ago. We indignantly deny the imputation ; had we received any such testimonial we should have sent it back unless prevented by the unsettled state of Italy. 'The' jews, quakers, and heathens, are the only sections that have not lodged a formal caveat against us,' and there fore we suppose that we are to consider ourselves more akin to the jew or the simple-minded quaker than any one else. Accusations so contradictory prove our inno cence by ratiocination which needs no simplification. We have abused everv one in their turn, therefore tn- ho™ i,nj no ill-will to any — in particular ; we have applauded all in their turn, therefore we bear no good-will to any— in particular. We may write an enigma to some, but we shall perhaps be more explicit if the Brisbane-street ghost should again cross our path j or if we should find that we have not succeeded in frightening the secret conclave who have meditated our immolatioa. Meantime we call upon our friends to be on the watch. Not that we have any fear for ourselves, — but, — but, we are not heautontimoroumenoi ; nay more, we love the public : we gratefully dedicate our dcmi-hebdomadal labors to its advancement ; and though we should not mind the thing ourselves, our itrnnoAatum just at this particular time would be inconvenient. In fact, it would argue lamentable morbid servility to allow us to be crushed just now, and, for the sake of the public we shall be glad to receive subscriptions to prevent such a result. 