PUNCH AT GREENWHICH FAIR (From Punch.) Determined on giving the Fair fair play, we attended Richardsons, The, attre in a spirit of impartiality, resolved to dignify the performances with the same criticism we should bestow on a play aoted at any other establishment. We are unable to state the name of the drama ; for, as we saw no bill, the title of the piece, like its plot, its purpose, and its language, is enveloped in much mystery. The must staunch tickles for the unities, would, however, have been satisfied by some of the characteristics of the drama, for the play had one act, one hero, one ghost, and one heroine. We found in the first scene a Brigand Chief in love with a fair Captive in a sarcenet body and muslin mittens. The Captive has a Husband in a cri m s n surtout braided with gold door leather, and in his agony of despair he tears off some of the braiding d wn his coat while upbraiding the " spiler of his appiness." He insists that his " art is seriously sered," and he apostrophises the Brigand Chief as a "r-r-r-recreant r-r-r-ruifi in," upon whom "r-r-r-re venge" shall be " wr-r-r- reaked " for having made him (the Husband) " a wr-r-r-retcb, a wr-r-r-reck, and a r-r-r-ruin." The subsequent scene introduces us to the brigand's cave, which resembles a detached arch of the Thames Tunnel. The Brigand Chieftain tries a sentence or two of entreaty, in which the words " Lovely tyrant, won't yer consent?" were the most seductive that we hap- pened to catch ; and, as this gets nothing but a look of what the fair' one called " unutterable scorn," with the usual number of surplus r-rr-ra in the syl- lables where that effective liquid occurs, the Brigand, dispiri'ed at .such clear " contempt of court," tries a threat, and rushes off to the wing (where he was met by a woman with a pint mug and a slice of bread-and-butter) to give time for the " aughty fair one " to think it over. The process of cogitation can hardly have commenced, when the Bri- gand's Wife makes her appearance, sees her husband's Captive, whom, in a fit of jealousy, she is about to despatch with a blue wooden dagger, when, looking at the Captive's arm, a mark-possib'y that of a strawberry, or a port-wine stain induces the Brigandess n "olderinfan ticidal "and," with an exclamation of " My lo- g lost child ;" when, with a tremendous bound, she makes off, drag- ging the fair Captive after her. Anxious lo release the maiden, in the sarcenet body from a " villain's fangs," which would assuredly have torn her muslin mittens, the Brigand's Wife plunges her wooden poigm.rd into the shirt-front of the Brigand, and a gong sounding with- out, brings up the usual quantity of sheeting in the shape of a ghost, who has one peculiarity of a pleasing nature, for, as nobody has been killed but the Brigand, the Ghost can be nobody's ghost, and nobody's feelings can be lace- rated by the shade coming to throw a shade over anybudy's future existence. We have left ourselves no room to speak of the usual intermezzo in the shape of a comic song. We forbear to speak of the Pa.itomime-though we recoguis d the bri¿aud's cave in that of Despair ; and we recollect our old tfiend, the "abode of bliss," as last year's " realms of light and loveliness.'' Seriously speaking, we are afraid that the Fair has lost all its humour, while retaining nearly all of its o' jectionable qualities. The " Fun of the Fair" has degenerated into a child's scratcher and tin trumpet ; while dancing and drinking, interspersed with pocket-picking, gambling, and quar- relling, are as much in the ascendancy as ever. We are averse to anything like a curtai ment of the amusements of the people properly so called, but Greenwich Fair has ceased to be much more than the opportunity to the viciously disposed, the temptation to the waverer on the threshold of crime, and the harvest to the pickpocket. 