EMUS!! EXTRACTS. The Right Hon. Sir H. L. Bulwer, who lately represented Her Majesty in Spain, has been appointed to succeed Sir R. Pakenham as British Minister in the United States. It is understood that the differences with Spain, which have led to a suspension of diplomatic relations, are in process of amicable adjustment. An action for crim. con. had been laid against the unfortunate Duke of Buckingham, the amount of damages claimed being the enormous sum of 50,000. Sir John Franklin's expedition was out four years on the 25th May last. The date of the last auditing of the accounts of Western Australia is 1843. An important invention in the manufacture of lace, it is said, is about to be introduced to the trade, by which colors can be thrown into the fabric, and all the small beams now applied to the machines dispensed with, as well as the pieces being extended to three or four times their present length. It is asserted in the Church and State Gazette, that Bishop Trower, a Scotch Tractarian bishop, has excommunicated the Duke of Argyle, and Lord and Lady Blantyre, sfor attending the ministrations at Glasgow of the Rev. Mr. Miles, an English ordained clergymen. Lord Melbourne's executors are no other than Henry Lord Brougham and Edward Ellice, the elder. Now, though no man leaves behind him anything so interesting as his property, to those who are to share it, yet to the public, such a man as the late Lord Melbourne leaves something which is far more important in the shape of private correspondence, notes of important transactions, correspondence with the great persons engaged in them, and in short all the various private documents of a statesman's life. These papers come as a matter of right into the hands of Lord Brougham and Mr. Ellice. Of course there is not the slightest doubt that in such hands these documents will only be put to honorable uses. Still there is a something, not very easy to describe, which causes the Whigs to feel uncomfortable, that all they have said in writing to Lord Melbourne, should fall into the hands of Lord Brougham. They are not at all happy about it, and if the deceased Lord received any injury at their hands, his ghost does not "walk unavenged amongst them.' Fast. The Lynn News says the latest name for a bustle is backgammon. The Floating Railway, a strongly Tniilt iron steam vessel, which is to be used for ferrying trains over the Frith of Forth was launched at Glasgow. It is 170 feet long on deck, 34 feet wide between the paddles, and 10 feet deep and there is space on the deck for three railway trucks abreast. Ten puncheons of whiskey have been shipped from a Tipperary distillery for California. The New Orleans Courier of the 3rd of January, contains an article professing to describe a monumental canal" through the Isthmus of Panama, lately discovered by a French Physician at Vera Paz, while fishing in a secluded bay. The canal is of cyclopean masonry, 240 feet wide ; it forms a tunnel through the foot of the mountain where the volcano of Fuego is now in activity, and after eighteen hours length it opens into the Pacific between Guatemala and San Salvador, in an immense natural grotto, called by the fishermen the Devil's Mouth, and from superstitious dread never entered by them. The Editor of the Atheneum was lately informed that Sir Thomas Mitchell, before he left London, had made some successful experiments on an improved method of propelling through water by the screw-a method which avoided the lateral resistance offered to all existing applications of the instrument. Sir Thomas is said to have left behind him instructions for perfecting the invention and procuring a patent, both which had been done most satisfactorily since his departure. We are assured that Sir Thomas expected great things from his invention no less than a performance of 500 miles a-day by large steamers. Thirty days from England to New South Wales ! ! ! The supposition seems preposterous, but if anything like it be accomplished, the results will be in- calculable. The " engirdling of the globe " by steam will indeed soon be completely established if repeated discoveries of coal can hasten it. The Sampson, steam- frigate, lately arrived in England from the Pacific with a most important announcement. Captain Henderson had discovered coal in great abundance about seven miles inland from the Straits of Magellan, about thirty miles from Port Famine, at a place called Sandy Bay. A road might easily be made to transport it to a convenient place in the Straits for a coaling depot. Captain Henderson brought to England large specimens of the coal, which is perfectly well adapted for the use of steam-vessels. 