MANEROO. COOMA RACES.-A MAN FOUND DEAD.-A man, known by the name of big Paddy or Paddy the shep- herd, was found dead a few days ago on the Plains between a sheep station of Mr. Cosgrove and one of Mrs. Harnett, and about a league from the race- ground. He had been complaining since the late scene of dissipation and riot, of being hurt in the side. An inquest was held over him, but what the result of the verdict was I have not had the means of truly ascertaining, most likely the usual one of died from "natural causes." This unfortunate man had been imbibing rather copious drafts of the sti mulating beverage at the last races, and who in the real spirit of an Irishman, considered drinking with out fighting as extraneous to the national character of his countrymen, either got up, or got into a row, and was, it seems severely beaten. Whether this last was the cause of his death, or an excessive use of ardent spirits, was a question for the Coroner's Jury to decide upon, but most likely the premature termination of his existence was accelarated by the conjunction of both causes. Many left the 'battle field' sore, sick and sorrowful; one man being robbed of some £175, besides several other petty robberies of bridles, saddles, and riding-coats, with a few matches of pocket-picking. The fidler was detected by a Mr. Hogarth, in the act of " turn- ing over" (no doubt) a friend that perhaps he thought lay too long in one posture, and given over to the police, who lodged him in the lock-up at Cooma. A ludicrous scene was exhibited in the person of the celebrated " Thady Foy," an unflinch- ing follower of the Bacchanalian sports. When this "maniac" got "glorious," he was placed by the canaille on a ladder borne on the shoulders, and carried about, stretched at full length quite in- animate, followed by hundreds of " shouting lush- ingtons " to the great amusement of all. After per- forming a circuitous procession, by way of funeral, they lowered their " miserable chieftain," and made solemn preparations for his interment. He still lay on his " bier," they encased him in an old rug, (as a shroud,) and laid him down gently, in" mournful formula," in an excavated part of the ground at the rear of the public house, and covered him over (save his breathing parts) with earth. Here " Thady" enjoyed a comfortable "grave nap" until the fumes of his native element had evaporated, when, like the " ghost of Hamlet" he rose again and rushed to join his tumultuous compeers and resuscitate with another opiate. June 17. 