Pusicli at Greenwich 3c'air« fFrom Punch. J Determined on giving the Fair fair play, we at tended Richardson's Theatre in a spirit of impar tiality, resolved to dignify the performances with the same criticism we should bestow on a play acted at any other establishment. We are unable to state the name of the drama ; for, as we saw no bill, the title of the piece, like its plot, its pur pose, and its language, is enveloped in much mys tery. The most staunch tickler for the unities, would, however, have been satisfied by some of the characteristics of the drama, for the play had one act, one hero, one ghost, and one heroine. We found in the first scene a Brigand Chief in love with a fair Captive in a sarcenet body and muslin mittens. The Captive has a Husband in a crimson surtout braided with gold door-leather, and in his agony of despair he tears off the braid- i ing down his coat while upbraiding the ' spiler of his happiness.' He insists that his 'art is seriously sered,' And he apostrophises the Brigand Chief as a ' r-r-r-recreantr-r-r-ruffian,' upon whom ' r-r-r-revenge' shall be ' wrr reaked' for having made him (the Husband^) ' a wr-r-r-retch, a wr-r-r-eck, and a r-r-r-ruin.' The subsequent scene intoduces us to the brigand's cave, which resembles a detached arch of the1 Thames Tunnel. The Brigand Chieftain tries a sentence or two of entreaty, in which the words 'Lovely tyrant, won't yer consent?' were the most seductive that we haj-pened to catch ; and, as this gets nothing but a look of what the fair one called ' unutterable scorn,' with the usual number of surplus r-r-r-rs in the syllables where that effective liquid occurs, the Brigand, dispirited at such clear ' contempt of court,' tries a threat, and rushes off to the wing (where he was met by a woman with a pint mug and a slice of bread and-butter) to give time for the ' aughty fair one' to think it over. The process of cogitation can have hardly commenced, when the Brigan's Wife makes her appearance, sees her husband's Captive, whom, in a fit of jealousy, she is about to despatch with a blue wooden dagger, when, looking at the' Captive's arm, a mark — possibly that of a straw berry ,or a port-wine stain — induces the Brigandess to ' old er infanticidal 'and,' with an exclama tion of ' My long lost child ;' when, with a tre- ' mendous bound, she makes off, dragging the fair Captive after her. Anxious to release the maiden, in the sarcenet body, from a ' villain's fangs,' which would assnredly have torn her muslin mit tens, the Brigand's Wife plunges her wooden poignard into the shirt-front of the Brigand, and a gong sounding without, brings up the usual quantity of sheeting in the shape of a ghost, who has one peculiarity of a pleasing nature, for, as: nobody has been killed but the Brigand, the ghost can be nobody's ghost, and nobody's feelings can: be lacerated by the shade coming to throw a shade over any body's future existence. We have left ourselves no room to speak of the usual intermezzo in the shape of a comic song. We forbear to speak of the Pantomine — though we recognised the brigand's cave in that of Despair ;, and we recollect our old friend, the ' abode of bliss,' as last year's ' realms of light and loveli ness.' Seriously speaking, we are afraid that the Fair has lost all its humour, while retaining nearly all of its objectionable qualities. The ' Fun of the Fair' has degenerated into a child's scratcher aud tin trumpet ; while dancing and drinking, interspersed with pocket picking1,. gambling1, and quarrelling-, are as mush in tne as cendancy as ever. We are averse to anything like a curtainment of the amusements of the people properly so called, but Greenwich Fair has ceased to be much more than the opportunity to the vi ciously disposed, the temptation to the waverer cm the threshold of crime, and the. harvest to the pickpocket. Talmudical Parable. — The Man and tub Seupknt-. — Man. Why, Serpent, dost thou bite ? The lion rushes upon his prey, to devour it; the wolf tears his victim, in order to satisfy his hunger, you alone, you wound for the sole purpose of kill ing.— Serpent. It is not my destiny so to do? — Man. Hut why must your poison range through ? the whole body ? Why do you not attack one single limb ? Serpent. Is not man a great deal worse than myself ? Even when iu Syria, his tongue often wounds one that is in Rome ; and being at Rome, its venom may wound one in Syria.— Jewish Chronicle Encouragement for Literary Men. — ' My brother perished on the scaffold ; the sorrowful lives of rny two sisters were ended after a linger ing imprisonment ; my two uncles did not leave enough behind them to pay for their coffins; lite rature has been the source of my pleasures und pains, and I do not despair, under the favour of Heaven, to die in some public asylum.' — Chateu- briamt. 