FRENCH NATIONAL GUARDS IN LONDON. FIRST ARRIVALS. On Monday, October 22nd, upwards of 400 of the Parisian National Guard, attired in their uniform and wearing side arms, arrived in the metropolis, via the South Eastern Railway. From London Bridge a cavalcade of omnibuses and cabs conveyed them to the foreign hotels in the vicinity of Leicester-square ; a great number marching in detached parties attracted considerable curiosity as they passed through the thoroughfares. The hotels in the vicinity of the Haymarket, Leicester-square, and Re- gent street, were crammed to overflowing by the unexpected influx, and many of them were compelled to put up with very indifferent ac- commodation. One party made their way on to the Seven Dials. Their appearance on this spot soon created a great crowd, amongst whom were two of the Coldstream Guards, who shook hands with the Parisians, who in their turn exclaimed “ Vive l’Angleterre !” at which the crowd seemed delighted. About nine o’clock a disgraceful act was committed by two other Grenadier guardsmen. Two of the French National Guards were pass- ing up Fleet-street, when, they were accosted by the two Grenadiers in a friendly manner. They invited the Grenadiers into the Dragon wine vaults, to cement the friendship by a glass at the bar. A sovereign was tendered by one of the National Guards in payment, and upon the change having been placed upon the coun- ter, one of the Grenadiers took up a portion of the money and placed it in his pocket. This did not escape the notice of several persons at the bar, who immediately interfered, and de- manded that the money should be returned, but the delinquents refusing, the police were called in, and the fellows conveyed to the sta- tion-house in Fleet-street, and dealt summarily with on the following day. FURTHER ARRIVALS. On Tuesday, another body, to the number of three hundred, arrived at the London Bridge terminus, in addition to those who came on the previous day. Arrangements were made with the Northern or France Railway for the con- veyance to Calais, via Lille ; and intimation having been given to the authorities of the South Eastern and Continental Steam-packet Company of their expected arrival at Calais, the PRINCESS MAUDE and QUEEN OF THE BELGIANS steamers were despatched to convey them in three detachments to Dover, whence they were brought by special train to London-. On alight- ing from the carriages there were coaches and cabs in abundance, waiting the arrival of the special trains, and on Monday evening they were in considerable demand, but on Tuesday evening, the weather being fine, the majority of the National Guards preferred walking. In Leicester-square more than 200 formed in re- gular marching order, and proceeded to the Horse Guards to see the Guards parade. They afterwards paid a visit to the Wellington Bar- racks, and on leaving expressed their admira- tion at the comfortable arrangements made for the soldiers. Several of the Guards visited the Central Criminal Court to hear the trials. Most of the other public institutions were also inspected by detached parties. The most re- markable visit, perhaps, was that paid by a number of those Parisians to the scene of exile the dethroned King of the French ; several be- came passengers on the South-Western Rail- way about mid- day, and having stopped at the Esher station, gratified their curiosity by a sight of the palace of Claremont. On Tuesday evening a large party, consisting of upwards of one hundred and fifty, visited Covent-garden Theatre to witness “ The Bohemian Girl,” and the ballet of “ The Amazons,” In the latter they were highly delighted with their favourite Mdlle. Plunkett. Other divisions were taken to the Adelphi, Lyceum, and Haymarket Thea- tres ; while some three hundred preferred vi- siting the Walhalla—Salle de Valentine. Upon their unexpected appearance in the room, the orchestra struck up the “ Marseillaise,” which was received with much delight by the Gallic strangers, and at the conclusion several of the officers sung out in good English, “ God save the Queen,” at the conclusion of which the en- company joined in chorus. They entered with much gout into the various dances, and ex- pressed themselves in terms of high gratifica- tion with their brief sojourn. On Tuesday evening a large party of the National Guards visited the Colosseum, Re gent’s Park. They appeared to be highly de- lighted with the “ Panorama of Paris,” and were observed to be pointing out to each other the different localities of the events in which, perhaps, many of them had been actors. An interesting incident occurred during the course of the evening. The band of music, in com- pliment to them, played some of the French national airs, and upon these being concluded, they unanimously requested “ God save the Queen ;” they stood uncovered, and at its ter- mination applauded loudly, saying, “ Vive la Reine,” after which they retired, evidently highly gratified with their reception. DEPUTATION TO THE MANSION HOUSE. In consequence of a communication to the Lord Mayor from the French Ambassador, his lordship made arrangements to receive a large deputation from the Parisian National Guard at the Mansion House. The letter addressed to his lordship stated that a certain number of the National Guard of Palis, actuated by a powerful sympathy, as well as by the feeling occasioned by the cordial hospitality which they had experienced in Eng- land, desired during their short stay to present their respectful acknowledgments to the chief ma- gistrate, and the ambassador, as representative of France, joined, too, zealously with them in the sentiment to embrace the opportunity of drawing closer the friendly bonds which united the two great nations whose good understanding is capable of accomplishing so much for the peace of the rest of the world. Twelve o’clock was the time ap- pointed for receiving the deputation, and before that time upwards of three hundred of them were assembled in the immediate neighbourhood. A large number of persons also assembled at the place, attracted by the novelty, and appeared much interested at witnessing them arrive in cabs and omnibuses in a continuous stream, from half- past eleven till a quarter past twelve o’clock. Several additional officers of the city police were in attendance on the occasion, and the National Guard were received at the grand entrance by the officers of the household, who conducted them to the Egyptian Hall. The Lord Mayor accompanied by Aldermen Wilson, Humphery, and Musgrove, and by the Lady Mayoress, immediately after the visitors, to the number of between three and four hundred, had assembled, and placed themselves in exact order round the hall, entered, and amidst loud applause proceeded to the top of the room. The commandant then addressed the Lord Mayor. He stated that many of the members of the Pa- risian National Guard had accepted of the invita- tion of the National Guard at Calais to visit them, and it having been suggested to them that as they were so near London they could do nothing better than pay a visit to their excellent English friends in that capital, they had determined to adopt the agreeable advice of their fellow-countrymen. They felt that they could not visit the shores of England without paying their respects to the Lord Mayor of London, especially as they had met with the kindest reception from all ranks of the people in this hospitable country. It was the ardent wish of the National Guard of Paris that the good under- standing and the kind feeling which prevailed between the two countries should meet with no interruption, and the members of the body whom he (the commandant) represented would, he assured the Lord Mayor, ever bear in remembrance the warmth with which they had been received, and which was calculated to give an additional impulse to the regard which existed between the two countries [loud cheers from the whole body] The Lord Mayor said—“ I feel very much grati- fied as chief magistrate of this city, and I am sure also such is the case with my brother magistrates now present, at the opportunity of welcoming the members of the National Guard of Paris here assembled, upon the occasion of their visit to this country. I hope and believe that these visits will have the effect of promoting and increasing good feeling and cordiality between the two countries, as I am convinced that much of the peace and tranquillity of Europe, which is so much to be desired, will depend upon the continuance of a kind and friendly feeling subsisting between France and England. I am most happy to see you all, and I trust that you will, during your temporary sojourn in London, avail yourselves of the opportunity of seeing as many of the public places and works of art as possible, and that you will return home gratified at the result.” [Ap- lause.] The commandant then expressed an anxious hope that the Lord Mayor would pay the National Guard of Paris a visit, and receive from them their warm acknowledgments in their own country of the reception which they had met with in England. His lordship responded to the invi- tation, and the members of the National Guard then retired, and proceeded to visit the Royal Exchange and the other public buildings of the city. HOUSE OF LORDS. By order of the Lord Chamberlain, the House of Lords was ordered to be thrown open for the inspection of as many of the National Guard as chose to attend. Two or three hundred availed themselves of his Lordship’s offer, and went in sections to view this national building. Upon entering every one appeared to be struck with amazement at the magnificence of the edifice. DEPARTURE OF THE FIRST DETACHMENT. About 5 o’clock on Wednesday afternoon, be- tween 400 and 500 of the Garde Nationals and members of the Polytechnic Institution took their departure from the metropolis for Paris, via the South Eastern Railway. A special train com- prising eighteen carriages had been prepared at the London Bridge Terminus to convey them on their return home. On leaving they acknow- ledged in most warm terms their gratitude for the kind welcome they had received in London, and as the train drew out of the station, the crowd which had collected on the platform were bade adieu by three hearty cheers from the strangers. Tue second batch, which arrived on Tuesday evening, left on Friday. None others, at least for the present, are expected in the metropolis. WESTMINSTER ABBEY. As on the preceding day, the Canon Residentiary issued orders that as many of the Guards as thought fit to attend should be allowed to pass through the chapels gratuitously. As early as ten o’clock in the morning a great many attended, but towards three o’clock it was computed that nearly 600 had visited the sacred edifice. It was the theme of general observation by all present, that so large a number of men were never seen to behave them- selves in a more orderly manner. The moment they graced their feet upon the floor of the abbey they uncovered their heads, and when they asked a question of their interpreters respecting any of the monuments, it was done in a whisper. Although great attention was paid in visiting the various chapels in the abbey, yet the principal feature of attraction was Poet’s Corner. The monument of Shakspere and other poets, were gazed upon by the Frenchmen for some minutes. THE NATIONAL GALLERY. This establishment was visited during the day by a great many of the Garde Nationals. The Vernon Gallery was pointed out to them by their attendants, and the pictures were viewed with delight. THR GUILD HALL. A detachment of the body anxious to witness the City Hall, after leaving the House of Lords, pro- ceeded to the Surrey side of Westminster Bridge, where they embarked on board the ‘ Dahlia’ steam vessel for London Bridge. This company was at- tended by an exceedingly pretty young woman, dressed à la Polly Maloney, with a brandy keg under her arm, the contents of which she served out to the men as often as they thought their spirits wanted refreshing. Upon landing at London Bridge, they proceeded along Thames-street, and up Queen-street, to the Hall, which they were conducted over. MADAME TUSSAUD’S WAX WORK EXHIBITION. This exhibition was attended by a great number of the National Guards, with their officers, on Tuesday. The advertisement headed “ Louis Philippe, M. Guizott,” &c.;, had the desired effect of drawing together the Guards in a strong body. The figure of Guizot, upon being examined by the men, was pronounced by one and all to be a most excellent picture. PARIS BY MOONLIGHT. The Royal Colosseum, Regent’s Park, drew to- gether a vast number of Guards during the day to witness the new panorama of “ Paris by Moon- light.” The men appeared completely electrified with the representation. They looked first upon the Gardens of the Tuileries, and turned round to each other as if they were astonished. Upon leaving the morning representation, they stated that many of their companions would attend at night. THE THAMES TUNNEL. This great undertaking was visited by a large number of the National Guards during the day, who went by steam boats from Westminster Bridge. Among the many instances of courtesv on the part of those in her Majesty’s service towards our gallant friends, we may mention that on Wednes- day as the band was performing in St. James’s Park, the officers of the Guards, seeing among the auditors severa1 French officers, most politely ac- costed them, and conducted them within the precincts usually appropriated to military specta- tors only. In the whole demeanor of the officers and men of the French National Guards, wherever they have been, it has been remarked that there is a total absence of anything like presumption or affectation. A thorough friendliness of disposition has been evinced by every one who compose the numerous body who have lately visited the me- tropolis. We are gratified at seeing it stated, upon au- thority, that private Frederick White, of the Grenadier Guards, who was convicted by the civil power, on the 23rd inst., of fraudently appropria- ting 2s. 6d , the properly of one of the French National Guard, will be dismissed from her Ma- jesty’s service, for his disgraceful conduct, on his release from the imprisonment awarded him for his offence. ════════════════════════ THE RAILWAY STATEMENTS.—Railway statements are now the fashion, and we are glad to find they are. The public wants information on these great companies, and are entitled to have it. There has been a good deal too much mystery, too much of the close corporation about some of them, which has cast a discredit over the whole, and enabled the design- ing to effect their object of running down the pro- perty to a ruinons extent. The Brighton and Lon- don and North- Western have set two goodly ex- amples, which others that do not intend to lie under the suspicion of being afraid to state their affairs, must follow. We earnestly hope that whatever is done will be done honestly and truly. The examples set are much to the credit of the parties, and have done a great deal to restore confidence. A little more, and it will be completely restored. But, if untrue or garbled statements are published, confi- dence will be shaken to the foundation, if not utterly destroyed, and railway property will fall back further than it has been at all. We beseecch, therefore, all who intend to lay an analysis of their affairs before the public, to do so in a simple, straight- forward manner. If they have a good account to give, all the better. If they have not, still the best course will be to set forth the facts simply and candidly. The public will be better satisfied, and have infinitely more confidence than it will by any colouring or varnished tale. Let the naked truth be known, and men will be satisfied, and find some position or the other in which a better view than the facts, perhaps, warrant, can be taken. Attempt to hide the truth, and suspicion will be roused, and a hundred things conjured up to the disadvantage of the concern, which would never have been thought of but for the attempt at concealment. We repeat,. therefore, our earnest hope that the companies will be exceedingly cautious in their statements, and will not attempt to throw a veil over their affairs, but openly and manfully tell them, folly and fairly, be they good or bad.—HERAPATH’S RAILWAY JOURNAL. “ THE MOTHERS.”—By this title the artist, Mr. Edwin Landseer, R. A., has chosen to de- signate a series of eight pen- and-ink-sketches, which have been recently etched by Mr. Chas. Lewis, and are now being published by Messrs Gambart, of Berners-street. The sketches possess all the truth of deliniation and charac- teristic excellence of Mr. E. Landseer ; they are free, bold, and unfettered in the outline, and represent with a sort of extemporary fe- licity the objects which they profess to portray. The title is, perhaps, well chosen, though the classification of a Highland nurse with a sow and pigs may give offence to the fastidious. There is, however, something in a name, and this name “ the Mothers,” is expressive of the groups of the series. They are eight in num- ber, viz., 1, a Highland nurse and child ; 2, a mare and foal ; 3, a dog—or, rather, a bitch and pups ; 4, a cow and calf ; 5, a donkey and foal ; 6, a goat and kid ; 7, a sow and pigs ; 8, a sheep and lamb. All these sketches are full of merit, and will be esteemed by competent judges and collectors as good specimens of the talent and facility of the artist. They are all full of life, and possess a certain vigour which shows the hand of the master. If the dimen- sions of Hercules could be estimated by the measurement of his foot, the genius of Mr. E. Landseer can be discovered from these etchings, which no inferior artist could have produced. They will form a great addition to the port- folios of people of taste. The etchings are very accurate copies of the originals—in short, what they profess to be, fac similies of the drawings. Mr. Lewis has conferred an obliga- tian on the art of which he is a professor by his labours, and will increase the reputation of Mr. E. Landseer by this diffusion of a work hitherto only known to a few professed critics and the friends of the artist.—LONDON TIMES, Nov. 7. MR MACREADY IN AMERICA.—We witnessed last evening, with great pleasure, a repetition of Mr Macready’s Hamlet. We have no oc- casion to qualify in the slightest degree the high praise we have before bestowed upon the impersonation. The actor masters the grand difficulty which very few are able to master— to preserve a nice yet palpable distinction between the madness Hamlet is forced to simu- late for the purposes of his great revenge, and the real frenzy to which he is wrought up by the melancholy tendency of his own mind, the visits of his father’s ghost, end the fearful dis- closures which “ harrow up his soul.” In Mr Macready’s delineation there is no confusion of the real with the feigned—no slipshod reading to perplex the sense ; and, we must in justice add, none of that claptrap extravagance that has been charged upon him in the part. If we were to take exception at all, it would be to an over precision, although such an exception might be unjust, as in Hamlet, more than in any other of Shakespeare’s characters, pre- cision is most absolutely essential, as it is the one in which, least of all, an intelligent audience can tolerate the roughness and uneveness which may be easily overlooked in characters re- quiring a lower standard of art for their deli- neation. We cannot attempt to instance any portions of the part evincing more especial merit than the others. The death-scene, as are all Mr Macready’s death scenes, was strikingly impressive and beautiful.—N. Y. HERALD. NATIONAL EDUCATION IMPROVED. We are informed that a person who has opened and evening school at Brjgg conducts it upon a general NATIONAL principle, viz. introducing smo king between the ending of one task and the com- mencement of another, master and pupils both enjoying the same NATIONAL luxury together. 