North Richmond Races. AORBBADLT to advertisement in the columns of this journal, the litlte-go races, held annually In the classic locality of the Kurryjong, com- menced on Thursday, the 1st instant-and talcing into consideration the trifling amounts to be run for-the illiberality of the conditions, (allowing no horse to run that had ever started for a pub- lic prize,) and the disheartening prospect of the growing crops, from the long-continued drought, the attendance was as numerous as could have been reasonably expected-'tis true, the course was not graced by thc presence of your metro Eolian sportsmen, bedecked In swallow-tails and uckskins,and all the necessary regaifa, tending to give a zest and stimulus to the admirers of the admirers of the local turf; however, the hiatus was well filled up by the wealthy and influential yeomanry of tba county, lt would, indeed, be needless for us to attempt to individualise the assemblage,comprising as it did, a large majority of the wealth and affluenco of the Hawkesbury district ; suffice It to say, our old grandfather, the lord of Barraba, was there. No sooner lead this distinguished personage made his appear- ance, than he was unanimously voted to the high and dignified position of judge of the Kurryjong Races. Rumour was rife in the early part of the day, that the member for the county had arrived at Windsor the previous night, on a visit to Mr. Fitsgerald, and that he and his friend were likely to patronise the meeting ; in consequence of which, arrangements were immediately or- ganised for receiving him with marked respect, not as the representative of the county alone, but as a tributo of respect and esteem for his able advocacy of Mr. Wentworth, the friend and Satrlot of .his native land, to whom we are In ebted for all the free Instlutions we at present enjoy, and one can only regret that our expec- tations wero not realized. However, Mr. Martin may rest assured, despite the canting humbug, and political tergiversation of the daily "rag," that that one act alone will bc long remembered with feelings of gratitude by his friends and supporters In this portion of the community, but a truce with politics-lot us to tba races. Precisely at twelvo o'clock, tho judge, by vir* tue of his office, directed one of the stewards to apply a supcranuatcd pair of tongs, brought expressly for tho occasion from the lordly man- sion of Barraba, to a prodigious homany pot suspended from the grand-stand. This sonorous Eeal, outvleing the celebrated march of Bom astea Furioso, soon brought their spicy prads to the post, for tho Northumberland Purse of £10. Mr. Thomas Onus's b. m. Dewdrop, 3 yrs., (W. Cullen) .ll Mr. B. Richards'* b.m. Mantilla, 5 yrs., (Higgerion) .2 dr Mr. Case's b.f. Take It all, 4 yrs. - - 3 dr At the word "off" being given, Dewdrop ond Mantilla went away together at a slashing pace for about 300 yards, when the bay filly took up the running, and maintained a lead of two lengths hard holding, to the winning post ; lt was quite evident that the owner of Take lt all, had misnamed the Imnimal, as she had not tho ghost of a chance tn take anything, 2nd Heat-Dewdrop walked over the course. Second Race. Welter Stakes of £9 for all horses carrying Walter wolghts. Mr, Onus* Dewdrop-Higgerson --ll Mr. M'Grah'i Sorebones - - - - - 2 Ur. Mr. S. Richards Msntllla. dr. Mantilla having bern drawn-the fini heat lay between Dewdrop and Sorebones f and, although apparently well conteited-lt wat evident to thc initiated in sporting matters-that the old horse had no chance to win-as a proof of which, he was drAwn-and the filly once more walked over, as in the 2nd Heat of the first race. Third Race. The Beaten Stakes of five pounds. This little matter of consolation for previous losses, lay between Mantilla, and Old Sorebones -and after a well contested heat, twice round occupying 5 minutes, the old horse managed to win by about haifa length. When pulling up, the stirrup leather broke, and the rider M'Grah, got a severe fall, which, for a time, disabled him -and although immediately carried to the seale he was objected to-however, with much par« suasion, the Stewards ultimately decided that the prize should be divided. Contrary to the 15th Rule of the New Market Jockey Club, in such case made and provided. Thus terminated the Fourth Annual Race Meeting of North Richmond. The conduct of the Stewards (if we except their utter ignorance) of the rules of,racing, was all that could be required, os honest, straightforward men ; we believe they acted, to the best of their ability, with the strictest impartiality. The horses were unequally matched, and consequently anything in shape of good racing was out of the question ; the sports of the day being over, the Stewards and their friends repsired to the well stocked Hostelrie of Mr. Town, were a sumptuous spread was provided, and those who, for a moment can suppose, that ample justica was not done to both poultry an.'« porter, know very little of the guzzling capabi- lities of tile Kurryjong Mountaineer*. 