SELECTIONS FROM AUSTRALIAN POETS. No. 8. Some beautiful occasional poems have been published in our local journals by Mr. E. K. Sylvester, a gentleman of acknowledged literary ability, at present connected with the Sydney Morning Herald. The poem presented to our readers underneath is far from being, in our judg- ment, the best of Mr. Sylvester's productions; but it is the only one, owing to the remoteness of the periods when these emanations of fancy have appeared, with which we have been enabled to meet. His flights on the Hill of Parnassus, though always scintillating and attrac- tive, have been "like angels' visits, few and far between." We shall, however, take an early opportunity to select some others of his contributions to our scanty stock of Australian poetry. Mr. Sylvester's verses evince a spontaneous flow of poetic feeling, and a happiness of thought, which generally find graceful and felicitous expression in his style. He has a true touch of the poet about him, and we wish we could hear the sweet tones of his lyre more frequently. He who sung so well the return of Leichhardt from an imagined solitary death,—will he not raise a tribute to the memory of the young and ardent hero of discovery who so lately found the dread reality of a grave in the wilderness? THE COMET OF FORTY-THREE. BY E. K. SYLVESTER. UP! up to the sky! the starry sky! its bright effulgence shone, Amid the shining myriads there, the only lovely one; And the column of shadowy beams it shed, in its spectral beauty seem'd Like the memory of the eager hope, our raptured boyhood dream'd. Up! up to the sky! the starry sky; where in dreams we love to dwell, Where the sadden'd heart and mournful soul their tale of sorrow tell; The starry sky where faith and love have rear'd their holy shrine, The home of our earthly visions, the end of our dreams divine. Wild and mysterious stranger, that dared unquestion'd come Within the hallow'd precincts of that bright and glorious home; What art thou, and whence comest thou, and what thine errand here, Usurper of the realms on high, in thy beamy robes of fear? Dost thou come like the mantled phrophet, in the mystic days gone by, Fraught with thy dire foretellings, from the glorious reign on high; Or as the pillar of fire which led the Hebrews on their path, Unto the promised land of rest, through scenes of fear and wrath? Herald of mighty changes, dim and portentuous star, Wilt thou bear a message from the earth to the shining orbs afar; Wilt thou speak her mournful greeting to her brother worlds on high, In thy wild and trackless pilgrimage through the broad unbounded sky? Tell, them as thou shinest, that sorrow like a veil, Hath shrouded with its sadness, her face so dim and pale; That the murmurs of her voice were fraught, with human woes and fears, And all the signs upon her were the signs of grief and tears. Go, go, thou shining wanderer away on thy mystic path, The wreck of some shatter'd system, doom'd by its Maker's wrath; Ghost of some realm departed, shadow of worlds gone by, Away on thy phantom errand, thou dazzling mystery! Speed on thy lonely journey, where brighter planets reign; And when, in thine own period, thou seekest the earth again, Thy beams on the graves shall glimmer, pale star of awe and dread, Where the eyes that now gaze upon thee lie mouldering and dead. WE most willingly give insertion to the following letter from Mr. Lauguton, but the mistakes to which he alludes were entirely unintentional on our part. To the Editor of the People's Advocate and New South Wales Vindicator. SIR,—A friend has just sent me a copy of your journal of the 24th February, in which you have done me the honor of making some observations on my literary character and career, the general good feeling of which, as coming from a journal of principles widely differing from my own, I have pleasure in acknowledging. You have, however, in ignorance, I have no doubt, made two inaccurate statements, which I request you to correct. I was never "sub-editor of the RECORD," though I occasionally contributed to its columns. Nor was I at any time "conductor of the SENTINEL," or in any way concerned in its management; I was a regular con- tributor—nothing more. I should be sorry indeed to be considered responsible for the general management of every paper to which I have contributed. I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, JAMES B. LAUGHTON. March 20, 1849. 