ENGLISH INTELLIGENCE. From our files to the 16th December. OFFICIAI. ANNOUNCEMENTS.-We understand that the reduction in the Excise will be of a very extensive nature, and that independently of those officers who will be recommended for permanent retired allowances, no less than 300 will be placed upon the redundant list, to be re-admitted into the service as vacancies may arise in the reduced establishment ; and until all these redundant officers shall have been provided for no new appointments will be allowed to take place. The inquiry into the expenditure of the civil establishments in Ireland will be conducted with the same determi- nation to enforce all possible economy In the public departments as in England; but no new commission is deemed requisite, as the persons employed in the leading departments in Ireland are almost entirely under the control of the central boards in London. Mr. Peregrine Birch succeeds the late Mr. Edward Courtenay as chief committee clerk in the House of Lords. The Rev. John Henry Moran, U.A., incumbent of Christ Church, Burton-on-Trent, baa been appointed chaplain of the convict establishment in the Isle of Portland.-December 10. THE GOVERNMENT AND THE TURNPIKE TRUSTS. It is stated that the government intend to deal with tbe general question of turnpike trusts iu the next sessiou of parliament, and tire endeavouring to obtain infor- mation to enable them to do so with effect. A circular has just been addressed lo the clerks of the different trusts, calling for various returns connected with the working of their local acts, and the management of highways in general. A particular account is required of the cost of collecting the tolls and maintaining the staff necessary for a turnpike board, which are enormous computed with the amount actually laid out iu the n pair and support of the roads. In Essex, the trus- tees have come to the resolution of applying the funds in hand to the paying off the debts of the board and abolishing tbe trust, by the striking out their act from the Annual Turnpike Continuance Bill, leaving the roads to be repaired by the parishes. REGIMENTS FOR INDIA.-With reference to our intimation that the 64th, 70th, and 83d Regiments are under orders for India, we are now enabled to give the . correct distribution, as since the arrival of the last mail an alteration has been made to this effect :- The 64th and 83d are to proceed to Bombay, and the 70th is to go to Bengal, and will accordingly embark for Calcutta. The two former regiments will thus the more readily replace troops required iunthe Punjaub. Globe THE FALKLAND ISLANDS.-We stated some time since that, fur the better protection of these islands, the Admiralty bad ordered a man of war to visit the island occasionally. A body of military pensioners are about lo be sent there lo form the police of the island ; but, in the meanwhile, it lias been deemed advisable lo orderamanof war willi some Marines from Commo- dore Sir Thomas Herbert's squadron at Monte Video, to lake care of the island until their arrival.-United Service Gazette. , CHURCH EDUCATION.-Arrangements are in pro gress for the erection of a training school on a large scale for schoolmistresses, in Norwich. A training school for schoolmasters is forthwith lo be erected at Chichester, with accommodation for a principal, vice principal, and 24 students. The building is to com- puse a class-room, dining-room, and dormilón, in accordance with the requirements of the Committee of Council on Education. The cost of the proposed buildings at Chichester is estimated at about 4(1001. THE PRINCE of WALES'S BIRTH-DAY.-Thursday, being the seventh anniversary of the birth of his Royal Highness Albert, Prince of Wales, was observed as a holiday in the offices of the Duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster. The children of the Welsh School in Gray's-inn-lane, of which his Royal Highness is patron, were regaled with a feast and holiday. For the first time since the birth of his Royal Highness, a general illumination took place in the evening at the theatres and houses of the Royal tradespeople in the metropolis. So early tis seven o'clock iu Hie morning both the splendid military band» of the regiments in garrison al Windsor-Hie 2d Life Guards and the Coldstream Guards-attended on Ibe eastern terrace of Hie Cislle, nnd performed several pieces of music under Hie windows of the young Prince of Wales. The troops of the garrison afterwards marched into Hie Home Park and paraded on the opeo ground iu front of the private apartment*. In a few miaules after her Majesty, the I'rinre Consort, Hie Prinre of Wales, and the other juvenile brunches of the Royal family, intended by all the lidies and genidemeu of Hie Court, walked to the review ground. Her Majesty and Hie Uoyal family were retened with a grand salute. The troops, having passed in review before Hie Uoyal party, gave three cheers and marched hack to their respective quarters. In addition to Hie Uoyal banquet in the Cantío in the -evening, lhere w.is, by her Majesty's orders,"a dance in Ile hall," for the whole of the domestic establish- ment, lo which a very large party vi eie invited.-No«. 11, WESTMINSTER SCHOOL PLAYS.-The Phormio of Terence WHS performed by the senior alumni of Weat minster St bool, befoie a very numeiotis audience. The difiVient characteis were thus peisuiialed: l'hormio. Mr. li.6.U.Somerset; Geln, Mr. N R.Smart, Captain ; Demipho, Mr. A. Johnson ; Ainipbo, Mr. II. Clnpcoll; Dorio, Mr. R. A. Cook; Chtemes, Mr. Walei field; Pliccdria. Mr. li. Balfour; Sophiona, Mr. C.I'. Ingram; Nnusistrala, Mr. W. D. Somerville; Hegtn, Mr. Cbatnberlnyne ; Duvus, Mr. Elliott; Cratious, Mr. 1*. \>. Stokes; Crilo, Mr. W. G. Armis lead. The prologue was delivered by Mr. Sinai t, as captain, and composed, as ne beaid, by Mr. Little, one of the master«. After deprecating Um criticism of the audience, and bespeaking a favourable considera- tion, allusion was made lu Hie disturbed state of Hie Continent, and a contrast di awn in favour of England a« compared with the Gallic cock, agitated and fretted in tiie pursuit of new theories of government, and Gennany abandoning the culture of philosophy for the same object. It also referred in frittering terms to the late nnd present deans. Of Hie play little more need be said Utan thal ii waa acted in Ibe usual excellent style of the Westminster boys. Tbe play was termi. naletl by an epilogue, in which the petition and Hie incendiary projects of the Chartists were classically ridiculed. The cassis HIKI cuspis, the helmet »ud spear -anns which would strike terror into ibe beans of either Windiscbgralz or Jellachich-were exhibited a ia Punch, in the form of spit and coal-scuttle, amidst peals of laughter. Somerville, as the leader of the female Chartists,demanded perfertequality with men, and u band of young Chartists carne forward with their six points, Ibe last of which was that they should he allowed lo go home as often a» they pleased. The other principal speakers ia tbe epilogue were Messrs. Smart, Somerset, und Johnson. The allusion to the peace of Hie kingdom, and lo Her Majesty at its ter- mination, was leceived willi Hie greaiest enthusiasm. SANDHURST.-The usual half-yearly public exami- nation uf Hie officers and gentlemen took place on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, the 7th, 8th, and 9th November, before a collegiate board. At the close uf lite examinations, lite following officers were pre. seated with Hie usual certificates of qualification i Major W. F. Hoey, 301 h Foul; Captain ff. F. F. Johnson, 5th Fool ; Lieut. A. Rnllierfourd, 76'h Foot ; Lieut. W. G. Murgessun, QGth Foot. In consequence uf Hie proficiency of Captain Johnson, and the superior talents and acquirements and displayed by Lieutenant Rullierfoord iu Hie highest branches of mathematical science, special honorary uddilioos were made to their certificates; and the high qualifications in military surveying of Major Hoey and Captain Johnson were also particularly noticed. And Hie following gentle, men cadets, who had completed their qualifications for commissions, were recommended to Hie Commander-in Chief for appointments to ensigncies lu the Hue willmot purchase:-G. H. Norman, 1*. I'bi'pot, F. I). SantU with. It. H. Paget, C. Hire, A. B. While, G. V. Truel!, T. Howland, A. Salimnrshe, W. Bin liston, J. D. Lu a rd, V. Mackesy. H. G. M'Donuell, J. C. Vaughan, G. T. Brice, A. E. H. Ansel I, H. C. FraBcr, und A. IÎ. Wallis. COMUODORRSHIP ON THE COAST OF AFRICA.-Cap- tain Arthur Fanshawe, C.B. (18IC,) has been appointed lu relieve Sir Charles Hotham, K.C.B., as commander. in- Chief on Hie coast of Alrica, and will commission Hie Centaur, advanced steam.frigale, at Portsmouth, ns his flag-ship, lu relieve the Penelope. Captain Fanshawe will, of course, hoist the red pendant. He is Ibe son of Ibe late Commissioner Fanshawe, and brother-in-law of Admiral Sir Byam Marlin, and of Hie late Admiral Sir Robert Stopford, whose flag captain fie was in Hie Princess Charlotte, 104, on the roast of Syria and at Acre. Cuplaiti Fanshawe is a natal aide de-camp lo the Queen. MB. JOHN MUSTERS.-This gentleman, so well know« ia the literary world as having married Lord Byron's M Mary/' is. we regret io bear, in a stale wbicn precludes all hop» of bis ultimate recovery. As a first-rate sportsman, he many years kept . park of bounds and hunted in tim adjoining county of Not. tinihamshire, and for two years honied Ibe Nonb Wold bounds. His gentlemanly manners In ibe field, a»d bis hospitality at bis mansion, gained bim inna, ?terabit friend* ; and those who recollect" Handsome Jack," as be was called some SO years back, will read ibis announcement with considerable regrel.-Lincoln Time*. ARSON IN TUE CITY.-A WAREHOUSE IN BREAD STREET Wurta LY FiitEn.-On Monday afternoon Mr. W. Payne, the City coi oner, resumed al the Gerard*« Hall, Baning-lane, City, an investigation, adjourned from Saturday week last,¡uto the cause ufa Sie on the premises-of Mr. Anstey, silk and shawl warehouseman, ?No. CO, lliead-strctt. Cheapside. From the evidence it did uot appear that there wus anything to cause spontaneous combustion. The »lock wus insured in the. Ko)ni Exchange for £1500, while lim vulne of that found after tim fire wus £61)0, Mr. Anstey stilling that lie li.ni iiioie goods sometimes than at other». The fury, after delibeiuliiia n short time willi closed doors, retained a verdict of " That Ibe fire »us wilfully cunsed by gome person or perdons unknown." LOUD MELMOUBSE'B WILL.-Lord Melbourne's exe nitor« me, we bear, no oilier tbuu Henry Lord Broughum and Edwuid Ellice the elder. Now, though immun leaves behind him uny thing so interesting as biri propcity, lo those who are to share ii, yet, lo the public, such n man us the late Lord Melbourne leave» something \vhi< li in fur more important in the shape of private correspondence, notes of important transac- tions, correspondence with the great persons engaged iii them, aud, in short, all the vurious private docu- ments ol' it statesman's life. These papers come us a matter of right inl» Ibe bauds of Lord Brougham and Mr. E. Ellice. Of course there is not the »lightest duubt that in such hands these documents will only be pul lo honourable uses. Still there is a something, no1 veiy easy lo describe, which causes the Whigs to feel uncomfortable that all they have said in writing to Lord Melbourne should fall into Hie hands of Lord Brougham. They ure not ul all happy about it, and if ibe deceased lord received any injury at their bands, his ghost does not " walk uurevenged amongst them." Post. THE following table, showing the respective por- tions of the West India loan lu which the isluuds will be entitled, may probably be of interest: Si. Vincent.¿£14,109 Tobago. 0,048 Tortoli. 537 Trinidad. 69.423 British Quiana .. 104,319 Burbudoes. 37,9G4 Total.£499,998 Mauritius ...... ¡t'93,135 Antigua . 12 401 Dominica . 5 007 Grenada. 7.833 Jamaica. 99 810 Mont8eirat. 480 Nevis . 3,217 St. Kilt's. 14.650 St. Lucia. 10.7U9 SERMON EXTUAOBDINABY.-On Sunday evening ne*t, a sermon will be preached at Huinpton-in Arden Church, and on the morning of the same day at St. Martin's Church, and in the evening at St. Thomas's Church, birmingham, " On the merciful and kind treat- ment of all dumb animals, but more especially that of the horse," by Hie appointment of the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Edward VI, in Bir- mingham, us trustees under the will of the late Thomas Ingram, Esq., of Ticknell, near Bendley, who, by his will, directed *' lliat un Monday previous lo Hie pleaching of such sermon, notice thereof should be insetted in the Birmingham Gazette, requiting the masters of families lo direct Ibeir servauts having Ihe care of their horses to attend dil ¡nu service ou that day."-Dec. 9. FLOODS IN THE NOBTII.-During the last fortnight in the couuties of Cumberland and Westmorland, heavy ruins, sleet, und snow have fallen almost inces- santly; and on Munday morning lasl, the lakes, rivers, and streams were greatly swollen, having overflowed their banks und covered the adjacent low grounds tu a considerable extent and depth. On account of the flood rising gradually, time was a I ID« ed for the exer- cise of precautionary meusiiie.- ¡ still it is lu be appre- hended lliat. in Ihe mountainous districts, ¡Iheie lins beeu H very serious loss amongst the flocks, for several sheep were seen at various places but ried anny hy llie flood, und the quantity of large trees mid other wreck which caine down wus iiumen.-e. Many of the millers, whose mills ure stopped from grinding, und others living on the margins of the rivers, were obliged to reliie lo the'uppir apartments of their dwellings. At nine o'clock on Monday night the flood had abated veiy little, and fears were entertained fur the stability of the bridges on the rivers Eumont, Lowther, Eden, Cuiden, and other streams.-December 0. TUE GEBUAN NAVY.-A letter from Hamburg, duted December I, says-" The officers and meu of the German navy ure to be paid off by the ead of this month, having gol notice to that effect. The British officers no doubt will go home. They did not expect when they engaged that their service would be of so shoit duration, else they would not have entered it. Ii appears the low ebb of the exchequer compels the centrul poner to this step. Whether the men-of-war are to be pul on commission again in the spring, or to be sold, or to roi in port, is not known. It is not decided what is to be done with ibem, and the deci- sion depends upon the turn of affaiis with Denmark." ITALY OPEN TO MISSIONABIES.-The following letter, »ritten by Siguor Feiretti, turmeily rector of a Florentine church, but for some years u zealous Pro- testant, h.is just been received .--"Tile Rev. Signor di Mcnutt (foimerl}1 head of one of the colleges at Koine) bita established himself ,tl Nizza, where lie is preaching llie Gospel willi God's blessing in the midst of the people. The Government of Turin has ordered llie Holy Scripiuies to be read in (he public schools and in the University, though vi iib the annotations of the Popish Church. The Canon Mupei is on llie point of sluriii g for Florence. He bus addressed a letter lo big brellnen in Abruzzi, staling why ho left the pale of Koine. All the priests of bis acquaintance have replied lo Hint, approving of what be bus dune, aud expressing a hope of one day following hi« example."- Christian Times. ENOLISH EMIOBANTS TO THE CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. -Al a meeting lately held at Dorchester, for the pro* motion of émigration, Captain Hamilton, who said be hud travelled much in every quarter of the globe, and especially in the Cape of Good Hope, «puke in high terras of Hie capabilities of that colony, which Le believed lu be one of Hie best thal agriculturists could go to. Truth, however, compelled him to state thal the number of eiiiiginnU ruined oo their arrival in Kaffir land was enormous. Bul their ruin was lo be al tri. buted eutirely to their own misconduct. Drunkenness was the ruin of the colonists. The wages thal working men got« ci e su Ililli thal it was the old story over nguiu of putting u beggar on horseback. They could get a pint of spirituous liquor for 2d. or 3d.; und as the unmarried lived together lu the number of ten or a doren, and Ibeir lime was not fully occupied, drinking became a regular habit. His advice to emigrants would Iheiefore be, make up your minds uever lo touch spirits ; if you cannot do so yon are belter off in the poorest village in Dorselshire. The married men gol on ten times belter than the single, because they look a pleasure in their homes, and they bad higher wages. To show the extent lo which drinking was carried al the Cape of Good Hope, he might mention lliat in their journeys into the interior, their great care waa, in engaging n guide, not lo select a Christian I The couaequence was that the Malays, who (us Maho meduns) leligiously abstained from drinking ardent spirits, invariably got advanced to the best situations in the estates. It cot unfrequenlly happened that the young women who went out from ibis country, finding Hie Mainya iu Hie beal situations, married them ; but before doing so Ihev were obliged by the priests lo forsake Christianity, and embrace Ihe Mahometan reli- gion. He had been present on four such occasions. Those Europeans who were temperate und industrious rapidly acquired wealth. MABBIAOEB IN HIGH LIFE.-The marriage of Sir Henry Lytton Bulwer, late Minister al Mudiid, with Ibe Hon. Georgina Cbarlolle Mary Wellesley, youngest duughter of the late Lord Cowley, and niece of ibu Duke of Wellington, was solemnised on Saturday evening last Dec. 9, by special licence, in Hie chapel at Hatfield House, Herts, by the Rev. Gerald Wellesley, assisted by the Kev. F. Faithful, Rector of Hatfield, und the Rev. B. Stackey. The bride was given away by the Duke of Wellington. Lord Cowley und his lady were prevented from being present by his diplo- matic duties at Frankfort. The bride aud bridegroom after the conclusion of the ceremony received the congratulations of Hie company, and left Hatfield HoiiBe in a chariot and four for Knebworth Hall, near Steven age, the sent of Sir E. L. Bulwer. The nuptial festivities were kept up at Hatfield, in Ibe old baronial style, until midnight.-The marrie.ge of Richard Brooke Esq., eldest son of Sir R. Brooke, Bun., with Miss Duff, youngest daughter of General Hie Hon. Sir A. Duff, and niece of Hie Earl of Fife, was solemnised on Tuesday last, at St. Peter's Church, Pimlico. A splendid dejeuner was afterwards given by Sir Alexander and Lady Duff, at Furrance'a Hotel, Bel- grave street, Belgrave-squure. The bride and bride, groom, after receiving Ibe congratulations of Ibeir friends, left Farrance's Holel, on a tour. The marriage of Mc P. H. Pepys, eldest son of Ihe Bishop of Worcester, and nephew of the Lord Chancellor, with Miss Louisa Dishrowe, only daughter of Cul. Disbrowe, K.H. (late of the Gremtdier Guards), and lb« Hon. Mrs. DUbrowe, was solemnised on Thursday, at 81. Peter's Church. Eaton-square. The happy pair left town in' the afternoon for Copie Hill» near Wimbledon. DEATH OF PROFESSOR SAMUEL COOPER, F.R.S. i This eminent surgeon expired ou Hie 3rd December, al hi» country residence, Shepperlon. He was the author of two of Hie best professional works of Hie day.-Hie " Surgical Dictionary," and " First Lines of Surgery." The deceaced was admitted a member of the College of Surgeons, London, so long agu as 1803, soon after which he entered the army, and became staff Burgoon, lu 1807 he obtained the Jacksouian prise for uti elaborate'treatise un the joints; uti the 20iii of May, 1827, WHS elected n member of the council of Hie College; uud in 1815 enjojed the highest professional 'honour he could obtain-President of the College of Suigeous. Mr. Cooper was for 17 years connected with the Uniterfily College aud Hospital, aud was a most popular teacher. THE WILL FORGERIES CASE.—Mr. Barber has given notice that he intends to apply to the Court of Queen's Bench to be re-admitted as an attorney to practise in that and other courts. In his application for re-admission a very important question is involved, as the record of his conviction exists, notwithstanding the free pardon on the part of the Crown. PROPOSED NEW COUNIY PRISON AND COUNTY LUNATIC ASYLUM. -At the Marylebone Vestry on Saturday, Mr. Flood read the report of the committee, appointed to prevent the erection of the proposed^ new county prison, and to limit the enormous outlay which it was estimated the new county lunatic asylum would cost. The report recommended the vestry to address each of the 40 couniy magistrates, calling upon them to oppose the erection uf a new prison, and also to memorialise the Home Secretary respecting the proposed new lunatic asylum, praying him to withhold his sanction for £138,000 being expended on it. Sir P. Laurie said, that on a previous occasion it was denied that the magistrates contemplated expending any money on a new county pi ison, or in altering and enlarging the House of Correction, Cold-batb-lields. Since then be bad obtained from the magistrates' books their own report, which stated that, on the motion of I), ltotcb, Esq , seconded hy II. Hose, Esq., the presentment fur a new prison was referí eel to the visiting justices of the prison, who ordered a sur- veyor to make an estimate of ibu probable cost of the proposed alterations, and that the sume be laid liefoie the magistrates at the next court. It was said these alterations would cost £50,01)0, bul everybody knew that no calculation of expenses could lie made when oncu a surveyor was appointed. Why, within the last hour, the governor of Clerkenwell lind told him lltut, although there were in that prison 1300 convicts, only two «ere ill. What necessity was there, then, for improvement in n pi'tson so admirably conducted, unless they desired to stall-feed the prisoners until, like the prize-cattle, they could neither breathe nor walk (laughter.) When people by lamp breaking secured to themselves good homing, feeding, and clothing, ho wondered bow men were got to break stones or sweep the stieets. The muck sentimentality in favour of criminals should be abolished, and offenders should be punished as they were in Australia, where, for horse stealing, they were sentenced to work ou the roads iu chains fur four years. Last Monday 7U0 housekeepers, and in the previous month 1400. petitioned to be released from the payment of poor-rates, on the ground of poverty. While such was the state of society, «lui right had the magistrates to saddle the rate- payers with fresh burdens? (hear.) Hu moved the udoptiou of the report. Mr. Williams (en-Ml'.) seconded the motion, which was cat ried, and a committee was appointed to draw up ¡i memorial to Sir George Grey ug.iiust the proposed outlay of £ I 38,000 ou a new lunatic asylum. A communication wus afterwards read from the board ol'guardians, expressive of their determination to resist the proposed election of a new county prison.-Dec. IG. THE PRIVATE WHITE AND THE NATIONAL GUARD.- Frederick White, the private of the 2nd battalion of Grenadier Guards, who was convicted a short time ago of robbing a French National Guard, under circumstances too fresh in the recollection of the public to need recapitulation, was on Monday morning expelled from the service. After the usual inspection the battalion was drawn up on parade, and formed into hollow square, when Colonel Sir Ord Honyman. Bart., the commanding officer, ordered the delinquent to step forward, and addressed him as follows :-" Frederick White, the crime of which you have been convicted by the civil power is at all times considered most disgraceful and degrading to the character of a soldier ; but, considering the con- sequences resulting from it in your case, it is a crime of the deepest die. You robbed a soldier of the French National Guards, a stranger in this country, who, in the generous warmth of the moment on meeting a fellow soldier, invited you to drink. In robbing him you com- mitted an act which not only stamped your own name with infamy, but compromised the character of the whole British army ; for that soldier, on his return to his own country, beyond all doubt, published through the ranks of the French army that he bad been robbed in England, and that the robbery bad been perpetrated by a soldier of tbe Queen of England's Guards. What atonement can you make for the stain you have thus cast on the character of the soldiery of England ? What atonement for having outraged the feelings of every good soldier in the army ? None. The sacrifice of your miserable existence would not redeem the deed. The only consola- tion left us is, that you will no longer be suffered to disgrace our ranks ; and I trust that, as the knowledge of your crime has been spread far and wide, so the fact that we have expelled you, and thus done all that lies in our power to punish you and to redeem our fair fame, will become as extensively known to the world. I have the command of his Grace the Commander-in-Chief to dismiss you, as utterly unworthy of serving in the British army ; and his grace desires me at the same time to express to the regiment his regret that, in consequence of your having been already tried by the civil authorities for your offence. It is not in his power to bring you to a court-martial, in order that you might have been drummed out of the regiment and disgraced with all the ignominy which the rules of the service permit." At the conclusion of this address White was marched out of the precincts of the barracks. 