THE REMEMBRANCE S OF A MONTHLY NURSE. SIGNORA BASSANO. [cONOLUDED FROM OUR LAST.] I had been now six months in the family of the Merediths-a well- recommended nursemaid, one of my own selection, had arrived long before, to take the charge of little Algernon. I had schooled her enough about her care of him, in all conscience; she thoroughly comprehended, she told me, my way of treatment, which had succeeded so well, that both father and mother insisted that it should be strictly adhered to by Elizabeth. I was wanting now in another quarter, and really engaged; yet, still I lingered on week after week, and could not prevail on myself to give up the charge of the infant, healthy as it was, to its impatient new attendant. Day passed after day, still I remained at Kew : the new nurse had quite a sinecure place of it, and yet she was not contented; she would have told me so at once, to my face, but as they say, "I carried too many guns for her;" she was afraid to attack me openly, but she formed a league with aunt Theresa, and tried to work me out by a masked battery; and this. determined me how to act. I saw that Mr. and Mrs. Mere dith began to wonder themselves, though perfectly contented that I should continue the charge of the child, if it had been for a couple of years; but every thing must come to an end some time or other, and so did my plans and determinations-on one point at least. There was an exquisite painting of the Madonna, by Murillo, in the oratory of Signora Bassano. Mrs. Meredith was a most charming artist herself, and had re quested her aunt to allow her to take a copy of this painting, which the signora could not well refuse, seeing that it really belonged to Mr. Meredith, who had furnished it, and hung it up there as a compliment to the re ligious feeling of both his wife and her rela tion. It was a very faithful copy Mrs. Meredith had made, but the fond mother, with that vanity which is so venial, almost so graceful, in the maternal character, had wished to paint her own beautiful infant, with its bright black eyes, as the Saviour of the world, and place it in the arms of her copy of Murillo's virgin; for this purpose, the little fat fellow was stripped of his clothes, and some slight drapery thrown round his limbs. I held him in my lap during the first and second sitting, when, so capital seemed the likeness to the delighted mother, that she ran down stairs to fetch up her husband, that he might admire it also. At a distance from them sat Signora Bassano,` rocking herself, as was her wont when much excited; she pretended to be reading, but her eyes were constantly watch ing all our operations, with ill-concealed ab horrence. " It is, indeed, a most wonderful resem blance, my dear Rosalia !" said the idolizing father; "I should know him anywhere either at Somerset House, or the British In stitution. This picture will be doubly valu able to you, dearest-religion and maternal love united together. Is it not most delight fully.done, Mrs. Griffiths ?" I felt my heart beat violently, as I ven tured to say-" Forgive me, madam, but you have omitted to paint the mole below the dear babe's cheek-you see he has one; and you have told me, that your deceased mother had one precisely in the same place." I said this, not at all in my usual tone of voice, but slowly and deliberately, with marked emphasis, keeping my eyes fixed in the most significant manner, on the Signora Bassano, who actually trembled beneath their severe infliction. "True," replied Mrs. Meredith-quite astonished at my manner-" out of compli ment to my beloved mother, I ought not to have forgotten the mole; yet religion it was, that bid me withhold that family mark, for I wished the Saviour of the world, not to have a stain or spot about him !" "It was a very delicate thought, dear Rosalia !-and just like you, too," remarked Mr. Meredith;-" Mrs. Griffiths, it was much better taste to leave out the mole. What does our good aunt, Theresa, think ?" he said, good humouredly; "she ought to be a better judge "than you or I, in these matters:-should the mole be painted ?" I answered, instead of her, "Signora Bassano had better see how a mole would look in that picture, before she makes up her mind:-do not, madam, paint it in yet, but allow me to cut you out one from this gold-beater's skin, which is the exact colour of what moles generally are, and you cai n stick it on in the proper place." All this time I kept my eyes on the faltering Theresa. As I spoke, I took from my pocket-book the identical piece, of which so much has been said, and, cutting out another little round spot, I handed it to the astonished Mr. Meredith, who saw I had much meaning in what I did-he stuck it on the picture, whilst I added with most marked emphasis, addressing myself to the almost sinking Theresa, " There, madam ! the mystic num ber, seven, has now been fully used-once by myself, six timoe before by you I Have you any further use for this perforated piece of gold-beater's skin ?"-but she heard not all-Signora Bassano had fainted ! "What is the meaning of this ?" cried Mr. Meredith ? for he had no clue to guide him-his lady had; but still she had not yet arrived at a full interpretation of my riddle-but it grew upon her by degrees. " Then I have been imposed upon," said she fervently, " and have seen no visitation from another world ! My mother's spirit is not disturbed, then, by me; and for this as surance, Mother of God ! I thank thee :" and she prostrated herself before that very painting she had herself copied. " Still, I am at a loss to comprehend this scene," said Mr. Meredith : " compose your self, my own beloved Rosalia! and tell me what Mrs. Griffiths means by six times be fore." " Algernon," murmured his gentle lady, "forgive me! but I have concealed from you, that before our marriage, and five times since, I have imagined I have beheld my mother's spirit come to reproach me with my love to you; I have even feared that the loss of our four dear babes, was oc casioned by the resentment of God for having had them baptised into the Protestant faith; but I have just found out, that beings of another and brighter world have not their joys interrupted by anything that happens here." " But how have you learned all this, my Rosalia ?-I see not how a mole on our boy's cheek has taught you this : but, why have you not communicated all this to me ?-is there a grief of yours, I would not share with you ?" Allow me, sir," interrupted I, "to ex plain all this :-Signora Bassano is, I have hear'd, extremely like in person her deceased sister, the mother of your lady, excepting, that she has not that little spot, your child inherits from its grandmother, near her cheek; to frighten her niece from a mar riage she disapproved, that lady has played the ghost, and, once succeeding in alarming Mrs. Meredith, she has continued this scandalous trick since. The last time she acted thus it had nearly deprived you of your heir, and might have robbed you of your beloved lady also. 'But, let me be bold enough to advise you-for most imperative reasons I cannot now explain-affect not to have comprehended me ; and you, madam, especially, pretend to be all ignorance also. Let me entreat you to favour me thus far; perhaps, we may learn more of the motives of this strange farce the signora has pleased to play off in that family where she has been treated with so much kindness and dis tinction-but, she is reviving; I trust you will take no notice whatever of the knowledge you have gained: let all be as usual." "I cannot dissemble well," said Mr. Meredith, "and feel so incensed with her, for her cruel, wicked conduct to my wife, that it is far better I should leave the room before she is quite restored, or I might speak to her in a way, such as she has never yet been spoken to by me; but she shall answer for this another time." Mrs. Meredith was so truly rejoiced to have such a weight taken from her mind, that her forgiving nature made her forget the agonies she had formerly endured; so she affectionately applied a smelling bottle to the nostrils of the signora, and, in the softest voice, inquired, "if she were quite recovered ? Could she do anything more to assist her? Would she take some sal volatile, or a glass of wine and water ?" For my part, I employed myself in dressing the child in his own clothes, and would not appear to notice her in the least. For the first time since I had ever seen her, she as sumed an air of deep humility, said she had not long to live, and thanked her niece for her constant kindness to her. I left them together; and the next day I took care to say publicly, "that I was packing up my things to go away ;" and I gave some further directions to Elizabeth, the new nurse, in the hearing of the signora, respecting the care of the child, adding, "that if he was not as fat and sprightly three months hence, when I hoped to call and see him, I should attribute all the blame to her. " You forget the child is about to cut his teeth, Mrs. Griffiths," argued Elizabeth, rather piqued: "I will do the best I can; but not all the care on earth can prevent the Almighty's hand from reaching him, if it pleases Him; and I hope no fault will be found with me, without occasion for it." I went into the oratory of Signora Bas sano, to take my leave of her, before my de parture-and I did depart, but it was only to return by the back entrance five minutes after, and creep up-stairs privately, having implored Mr. and Mrs. Meredith to suffer me to have my own way; so I took up my abode in a small chamber adjacent to the nursery, where there was usually kept boxes, and trunks, and other things, not usually wanted; in short, it was a lumber room, always kept locked : but I heeded not the lumber, but, unperceived of all, save the parents, stole in there towards the dusk of evening, and, for reasons that will explain themselves, I stood sentry at that door, peeping through a small hole I had made with a gimlet in the boards-my heart throbbing with painful expectation. But I might have saved myself all this trouble for the first night, and have slumbered quietly in my bed, as did Elizabeth and her pretty charge in the room adjoining, for he was never taken to his mother until the morn ing. I saw her carry him of, and then I sank into a chair, and fell myself into a disturbed sleep, for a few hours. " I may be wrong, after all, said I to my self;" "but I will watch one night more, however." I persevered, therefore, and was seen by no one in the house all the ensuing day; Mrs. Meredith herself, supplying, by stealth, my wants, pitying and thanking me for my constancy and zeal in her service. It is well I did persevere : on the follow ing night, that is, about two in the morn ing, when all the rest of the house were fast bound in sleep, I heard steps approach ing from the apartments of Signora Bas sano-I gasped for breath; I was at my post in a moment; I heard her softly open the door of the nursery, and pause there: she might easily ascertain that Elizabeth was fast bound in the arms of the poppy-god, by her breathing; so was the child. I had my hand on the lock of my door, to be ready in a moment, should I be wanted. Slowly did this Italian steal to the side of the bed, where lay the unconscious child it was on my side of the room; I saw her by the light of the lamp; I heard her murmur these words in Italian-but how did she pervert their sacred meaning from what the Divine Speaker purported, " Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of Heaven." As the feline animal creeps along, so did Signora Bassano; she insinuated her hands beneath the bed- clothes, and I heard a suffo cating noise; but, like a flash of lightning, I was upon her-I seized her by the arm, and pulled her with violence from the bed. Elizabeth instantly awoke; and screamed aloud; the infant cried also: how did I re joice in that infant's cry !-Mr. and Mrs. Meredith were both in the room immedi ately : the latter snatched her infant to her bosom-there was a slight mark, or rather redness, on the infant's neck; but the spot was only an indication of the purpose, for the gripe of the murderess's fingers had not time to close upon its intended victim! Another moment had been fatal ! It required the whole of my strength to hold the signora: long had madness smould ered in her veins-now, foiled in her strong purpose, it blazed out like the flames of a volcano, dark, murky, and sulphurous. She restled with me to get free, and brandished in her hand a stiletto she had taken, Italian like, from her bosoim; her long grisled tresses flowed over her convulsed features: it was, indeed, a sight of horror ! " I have sworn," she shrieked, " to save that child also !" Mr. Meredith flew to my assistance, and wrenched the poniard from the hand of' the poor insane wretch; for such she now un doubtedly was, and, indeed, had been so for years, although it was veiled over by what is called extreme bigotry. In a moment, the irritated father comprehended the whole, and, as he tightly bound her hands behind her with his handkerchief, he upbraided her, in the harshest terms, with the murder of his former innocents,-now, for the first time, flashing upon him the real truth. How much did my heart sympathise with the anguish of these two bereaved parents, at this conviction ! Boldly, exultingly, did the signora avow the deed; with straining eyes and gnash ing teeth did she lament that she had not used the poniard at once upon the sleeping infant, that she might have given it, she said, "one feeble chance for salvation,-for infants were always acceptable to God. Yes," she added in her native Italian, with the most violent gestures and contortions, 'I glory in what I have done! I loved these little ones with unutterable fondness at the very moment that I stopped their vital breath. This is real love, indeed ! and how superior to that of yours, wretched mother of a more wretched child! I preferred their eternal happiness to my own selfish gratifi cation; I gave them a chance of obtaining it,-for had they lived, as this ill- fated in fant may now probably do, their doom had been certain : stained with their own crimes, and bearing the mark of eternal death upon them, they had sunk to everlasting torments. Even your daughter Rosalia I immolated; the servant injured her not ! "Oh, what anguish have I silently en dured when informed by thee, my beloved niece, that a new race was likely to be born, descendants from two noble houses, only to be accursed! How have I prayed that I might never see the light of day ! It was for this I again visited thy couch, my unhappy niece, in the hours of midnight and of soli tude, again habited as the shade of thy re spected mother, my own beloved sister, Ro salia. I trusted that the agonies of terror might have produced premature birth, and these little ones would have been taken at once to the bosom of their Saviour. "What was it withheld my hand from slaying thee, my niece, my much-loved niece? I have contemplated this action times without number, and have stood over thy sleeping form with that same instrument thou see'st, meditating the blow; but I could not do it. Oh! how have I loved thee, from infancy until now ! how have I watched beside thy little couch, and held thee to my heart i and yet--and I own my mortal weakness with much shame-I loved thee not enough to save thy immortal soul. For this I shall have to answer." Thus did the Signora Bassano rave the whole of that night. In the morning, we learned that Mrs. Meredith was in a high fever: no wonder. The scene of the preceding night,-the knowledge of her babes' murder had been too much for her. I could not, of course, leave the house in its present state of confusion; but I prevailed on Mr. Meredith to send for my friendly and clever practitioner, Mr. B -, who, by his judicious treatment, soon restored her ; but we could not conceal from her that her hapless relation had been consigned to the care of the persons keep ing the private establishment for the recep tion of the insane, called Brook House, at Clapton, near Hackney. It was part of my duty, in concert with Mr. Meredith, to accompany Signora Bas sano to Brook House. She was perfectly aware that it was a lunatic asylum; but religious frenzy so overmastered her reason, that she firmly believed that we were the really insane persons. What have I more to relate of this most strange and eventful history? Why, it shall be as the conclusion of the book of Job,-" that the Lord gave Job twice as much as he had before ;" and "that in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters of Job; and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren." Though not exactly to the strict letter of this quotation, yet the last time I visited this truly valuable family, the foregoing words struck me most forcibly,-for I saw the father and mother surrounded by six children; and, certainly, to judge by the infant graces of their two daughters, Ro salia and Giulietta, they gave great promise that, " in all the land, few women would be found so fair," when they arrived at matu rity, as the daughters of Mr. and Mrs. Meredith. 