devilish) tSUtvacts. ACCOTJSTICS OF THE HOUSE OF LORDS. A SCENE AS IT PROBABLY OCCURRED. Lord Beaumont having moved for papers on the subject of the outrages at Catania : Lord Brougham defended the Neapolitan soldiery, and their right to enjoy the usual privileges of war. After the fever of battle men's blood requires a little vent; and he understood that, if a soldier were not fortunately wounded, it was the most unwholesome thing in the world to keep him from pillage, &c.; He believed that nothing had occurred out of the usual course. The Earl of Minto who saw by Lord Brougham's rising all that he meant to say on such a subject, replied categorically and inaudibly. Lord Beaumont replied to all who might have opposed him but omitted to notice Lord Minto, as he did not know whether that noble Earl had supported him or not. Here Lord Brougham made an observation which very much amused some Peers in his neighbourhood. [We are indebted to the Times for this interesting historical fact.] Lord Chancellor, to himself-Oh ! I see they have began to laugh ; the atrocity business must he over, and I had better announce that the motion has been agreed to. (He makes the announcement.) Lord Beaumont, to a Peer next to him What does Cottenham say ? Peers think, by his smiling, that he called Brougham to order. Lord Redesdale put some inquiries respecting the sanitary state of the metropolis. Lord Chancellor, to Lord Brougham, who has retired to the woolsack - What does Lord Redesdale move ? Lord Brougham listens, and looks despair. Lord Carlisle explained the proceedings of the "Sanitary Commission ; his powerful voice coming at intervals from the distance 5 A further pollution of this ancient and celebrated city. (Lord Beaumont- Hear,hear!) * * death-dealing pestilence * * * * burial of the dead among the living. Lord Beaumont Hear, hear J A capital speech that. Carlisle always speaks" with. feeling. Lord Chancellor to Lord Brougham What is that? Lord Brougham I have not the faintest, most distant, or initiates idea. I think Mor with- Carlisle I mean-is dreaming that he is in the Sanitary Association. Lord Stanley to Lord Aberdeen When will they finish this debate? Duke of Richmond to Lord Wharncliffe What are they doing in the house to night, do you know ? Lord Wharncliffe No; I have just sent out for a third edition of the " Sun" to find out. Duke of Beaufort rises, and speaks with some emotion. Lord Chancellor heaving a sigh of relief Ah 2 he begins the cruelty to animals ; second reading, you know. Smiles at the Duke of Beaufort. Duke of Beaufort, a jet of Dr. Reid's breeze wafting the words to the gallery The noble Lord on the woolsack smiles I am not aware that the sufferings even of our dumb fellow creatures merit the lambent play of his too ready wit ; but this I will tell him The Lord Chancellor, much pleased at know- ing what was going forward, smiles again. Lord Campbell to Lord Minto Well I'll be pardon the allusion-if I heard a word he said. Cannot you help me out, for I want to smash hint ? Lord Minto Never mind. Smash him without Lord Campbell rises-The noble Duke seemed to have more pity for the dog in harness than for the British tar, whose sole refuge after a life of glory often was the dog-cart. He, Lord Campbell, had often seen his own children ride in dog-carts with great delight. Lord Beaumont indignantly protested against this levity ; the eyes-he would he could say the ears-of Europe were upon them and the allusion to dog-carts had nothing to do with the wrongs of the suffering and' oppressed Sicilians. Duke of Beaufort Hear, hear ! Lord Minto opposed the bill. The measure was wholly uncalled for. Did the noble brute never see a very heavy man ride a very small horse? He moved (turning to the- woolsack) that the bill be read a second time that day six months. Lord Chancellor, smiling at the pleasure of your Lordships that this bill be read a second time? Duke of Beaufort, taking a small bit of paper handed him, reads in pencil-" Minto asks did you never see a very big man ride a very small horse? Yon cannot pass that personal insult." Duke writing-I shall not notice it. lord Chancellor-The ayes have it Lord Beaumont, coming up to the Duke of Beaufort and whispering What do you think of Lord Minto now? The Duke looks horror and disgust, and shakes Lord Beaumont by the hand with the manner of a political opponent who recognises a generous sympathy. Lord Beaumont returns the pressure. Lord Whumclifle,to the Duke of Richmond On here's the S< n. Ah . Neapolitan outrages in Catania. But I see Grey is up ; so they must have got up something else by this time. Colonial suppose; some colony threatening to rebel. Duke of Richmond No, I think it must be a church question. Argyll has just risen. I'll send and ask Cottenham. Lord Chancellor, having read the Duke's note, rises, and putting his hand to his mouth, a la costermonger, announces that there is no subject before the house, as the second reading of the Cruelty to Animals Bill had been carried long ago. Immense surprise among ministers, who were opposing the bill. Lord Grey looks daggers at Lord Cottenham, who smiles, feeling sure that he is going right now. Ministers consult. Lord Wliarnclifle-What was that Duke of Richmond did not catch it. Look at the Sun. Ah I forgot. It is not there these wretched papers never have the thing one wants in time. Lord Wharnclifie-Now that is very hard. I am only surprised that they have anything for I can never near half so much as I read. But 1 undersold they do sometimes have things in advance. Lord Grey to Lord Carlisle-You state it, for you have a strong voice. Lord Carlisle-My lords ahoy! I beg to inform my noble and learned friend, that my noble friend the Lord Privy Seal moved that the bill before the house be read a second time this day six months. Lord Chancellor Bless me ! who would have thought rises and speaks. Lord Wharnclifie-What does he say ? Duke of Richmond I do not know, but we shall see him at -'s to-night. Well, it is of no use to stay any longer ; they are all going. I suppose they have adjourned Beaumont's de- bate Spectator. The Screw and the Paddle. The Basilisk and Niger steamers (says the Plymouth Herald) lately returned to Hamoaze, after a week's trial of the comparative merits of the paddle and the screw as machines for propelling ships, and it has been found that in these vessels (which are as near as possible alike in form, horse power, and sails), the screw is equal to or superior to the paddles, whenever the respective boilers of the two vessels generate an equal quantity of steam at an equal density. The boilers of the two vessels are very unequal in their power for generating steam, there being a deficiency on board the Niger screw vessel, where, the machinery being fixed in her bottom, beyond the reach of shot her tubular boilers are so low that the fire has to descend among the tubes. Now, we are informed that in the higher parts of her boilers there is an excess of heat, but in the lower parts a deficiency, and hence the want of steam and a waste of coal, which a better arrangement of the flues might obviate. These experimental trials will be of great value, and in the end prevent unnecessary expense. The facts obtained areas. That whenever the two vessels' engines work up to the same amount of horse power, the screw propeller obtains the highest velocity. 2. When the vessels are fastened stern to stern, the screw has the mastery over the paddles, by dragging the paddle vessel stern foremost. 3. The screw and its necessary machinery are entirely under water, and thereby protected from shot whilst the paddles and machinery are very much exposed. 4\. The paddle vessel mounts six guns, whilst the screw vessel mounts fourteen guns. 5\. The Niger has great superiority as a sailing vessel over the Basilisk, and in no circumstances would be in danger by loss of machinery, as is the case with paddle vessels on a lee shore. The power which the screw propeller transfers to the helm is of primary importance in ships of war, by quickening manoeuvres in confined spaces, whilst the paddle vessel requires as great space as a three-decker to turn in. Independent, then, of other manifest advantages, such as a broadside of artillery, a double. capacity for sails or machinery (and the machinery being under water), which the screw vessels possess the power of quickly turning, would, or rather should, lead us to give a preference to the vessel propelled' by the screw for purposes of war or for long sea Voyages, which might be made without the aid of steam St all, and with the same celerity as the ordinary sailing vessel. Observer, Aug. 12. Rowing Match against They A gentleman, " well known as the champion of the Yare," has rowed an extraordinary match against time a hundred miles in twenty-four hours. He performed forty miles before breakfast; forty more gave him an appetite for dinner; and he' finished the hundred in nineteen hours fifty-, three minutes. Leeds Mercury, Aug. 11. Distilled Salt Waterside a letter from Portsmouth we find the following interesting statements :-"? During the present month three of her Majesty's shi|>s-the Arroyan., 46, dipt. Fitzroy; the Plumper, 11, Commander Noel loch and the Ile guard, 11, Commander Cra- croft-have sailed from this port, furnished with the government distilling and cooking galley, constructed by Mr. Grant ; ether galleys of the same kind are also in course of manufacture for the largest class of vessels. By the improvements made since the introduction of these galleys into the naval service the quantity of fresh water obtained by the distillation of salt water during the period it is required to keep the fires alight in the galley for the purposes of cooking will, on the average, supply each individual on board the vessels with one gallon of distilled water every day J The latter kind of water continues to be preferred for drinking and culinary purposes to the water usually supplied to ships: it passes immediately from the condenser into the water tanks at the same temperature as the surrounding wear. In these tanks it becomes perfectly aerated, losing altogether the vapid flavour common to all dis- tilled water in the course of a few hours, without the aid of chemical preparation or mechanical arrangement, by the simple fact of the action imparted to the fluid by the motion of the ship when at sea. A series of experiments have, however, been made, and are still in progress on board the illustrious, 72, in this harbour, by Mr. Cross, with the view of imparting at the moment of distillation the oxygen of which the water is deprived in the process, and giving to it that briskness which is found in spring water. This is effected by [Missing a proper manure current of electricity through the particles of water by means of a simple and self-acting ap paratUS. The result of the experiments made have been highly satisfactory. The only point to be determined is, whether any artificial means, either chemical or mechanical, are required for aerating distilled water on board ship, as it is found that such water becomes sufficiently aerated, in the course of a few hours' by the notion imparted to it by the ship; but if the distilled water is required for immediate use, Mr. Cross's application produces the object desired most effectually Bell's Messenger, 25th June. , Debtor and Creditor respectable grocer, living within one hundred miles of Pontypool having heard that one of his debtors had that morning started to Liverpool on route for America, immediately followed the party. When he arrived at Liverpool he lost no time in calling on an attorney, stating that the party owed him £16, and he was determined to have him arrested. He was advised that he could do nothing unless the man owed him £20. This puzzled the grocer, who still vowed vengeance. A thought came into his head, however, that if he could find the delinquent he would ask him in a friendly way, to take a glass of ale, and offer to lend him £4, which would make his debt £20, He had no sooner thought of the rust than he acted mix it. He soon found out his customer ; the bait took ; he handed him the £4, and went forthwith to his attorney and made affidavit of his debt, to whom he also paid £4 expense of the writ, c. Unfortunately, however, before the writ could be placed in the hands of the sheriff the debtor was on board the vessel, and far enough out of reach of the luckless creditor, who thus paid dearly for his jaunt to Liverpool. \- Liverpool Standard. A Beggar's Crutch and Great Coats short time ago an old beggar, a resident of Dudley, " shuffled off this mortal coil," and with it an old crutch and a great coat, which he left to his two daughters. After the old man's decease, the cast-off garment and the crutch were thrown on one side and almost forgotten, till one day the crutch was called into requisi- tion to punish a refractory cow which had broken into a garden, when, lo ! the handle came off, and 350 sovereigns were found enclosed. The other daughter, hearing of this golden shower, hastened home and examined the great coat left by the old man, when, much to her astonishment and delight, a similar number of sovereigns were found stitched in old rags in the collar and waist of the cast-off garment. The daughters had not the slightest idea that the old man, who had lived in the most penurious manner, had ever possessed such a sum of money as that they now equally inherit.- Birmingham Mercury. Strange Mode on Arriving At a Ver- diets was in a case some little time ago in which one of the parties, from an humble anxiety to save his client the costs of a special jury, acquiesced in a common jury, who, to his consternation, gave a verdict for £400 to the plaintiff, when the late Lord Chief Justice had told them, was not entitled to one farthing. One of the jury afterwards declared that he had been resolved to give a verdict for the defendant, and after several hours' altercation they put four slips of paper into a hat, bearing respectively the four sums of 5d.,. £50, £400; and £1,000. It was agreed that the foreman should draw out one of them, and the verdict be accordingly and he drew the slip which bore the sum of £400. Warren's Attorneys, Nkw Weapons used is Hungarian War- fare.- A recent letter from the seat of war in Hungary describes in considerable detail the formidable auxiliaries the Magyar armies have found in the wild population scattered over the vast Mieppesmid forests of the interior, particularly the horse herds, or tenders of the troops of wild horses of the plains, the swine herds and fishermen. The first-named of these are especially dreaded by Austrian troops, on account of the extraordinary weapon they carry and use with deadly skill. It is simply the whip with which they select aud catch any horse of the herd they wish to tame and dispose of. The application of it in war is quite a novelty. It has a handle not more than two feet in length, while the thong measures from, 15 to 20 a leaden ball is fixed to the end of it, with smaller ones at different distances from it, like shot on a fishing line ; when thrown it acts like a lasso, curling round man or horse, or it strikes either to the earth with a crushing blow. The horse herds (or Chykusz) are so skilful in the use of this weapon, that at full gallop they will strike an enemy with unerring certainty, on Any part of the body they please. In skirmishes, any isolated foot soldier, if he fires his musket and misses, is lost before he can attempt to reload ; the wild horseman rushes past, and with the Sweep of the ball-loaded thong, stretches him lifeless on the earth by a blow on the head. There are some thousands of these men in the Hungarian armies, and they are generally mixed with the Light Hussars and sent against the Austrian cavalry. They often strike the officers from their horses with incredible dexterity. The wounds this weapon inflicts are described as frightful. Before it was known that the horse herds were serving in the Hungarian ranks, a great number of cuirassiers were brought into Perth, wounded in a manner the military surgeons could not explain. The injury was neither a cut or a puncture, nor a gunshot wound, and the soldiers were for a long time ashamed today that it was caused by so ignoble a weapon as a whip. Fortunately, it can only be used where the horseman has ample space j in anything like close order, it would be as dangerous to friends as foes. One of these men was lately taken prisoner at Wesel- berg, and probably to obtain an exact knowledge of the power of his arm, he was ordered to display his skill in the camp. A stuffed figure was set up, the Austrian officers (pointing out the parts he was to strike while in full career. Twice he did as directed, but the third time introduced a startling variation ; swinging his whip) in a wide circle, he dashed his horse at a point of the line of soldiers round the place of exercise, broke through it, and was far on his way to the open fields in an instant, untouched by the volley of balls sent after him. Tim swine herds (or canes) are generally Servians ; their weapon is a small axe, with a rather long handle, culled fokosch, and they throw it with such dexterity that at 80 or 100 paces they rarely miss a man, and the blow is almost always fatal, as the Austrian army surgeons can testify. The fishermen are employed in constructing bridges in their own manner, on a sort of tubs, in a style which the Austrians at first ridiculed exceedingly ; but, though rude, they weraellective, and put together in a very short time, and have proved of the greatest use in the Hungarian operations. Times. Perilous Adventure A gentleman wished to have in his possession a living specimen of the chough, or Cornish crow, a bird which is now becoming rare, and which always builds in the precipitous sides of the cliffs. Two brothers engaged to furnish him with young birds from the nest, They accordingly provided themselves with a rope, and proceeded to a place which they knew to be frequented by these birds. One of them tied an end of the rope round his waist, and his brother lowered him over the edge of the cliff, holding the rope in his hand. When he had arrived opposite tion nests he found that they were built under an overhanging rock so as to be beyond his reach. Nothing daunted, he set the rope swinging, until he was carried into the hollow, when he held fast by the rocky but, finding the rope too short to allow him to gain the nest, he pulled it from his waist, climbed into the cavity, and secured his prize, which he stowed away in his bosom. Meanwhile the rope had swung back to the perpendicular, and was resting motionless. Without hesitating he called to his brother above, " Stand by the rope ! I'm going to leap to it.'" He did so ; but the rope, as might have been expected, slipped through his hands, and he fell into the sea. The brother felt the jerk, and, looking over the edge of the cliff, saw him neither dashed to pieces nor drowned, but rubbing the water from his face, and exclaiming, "Carry ray shoes round to the cove, John, I'll be round as soon as thee wast !" And so he was, and, moreover, bringing his birds safe with him. This perilous adventure is said to have happened in the parish of Breage -North British Mail. a Classical Question Master Tibbs, of the First Form : " Please, sir ! If the Romans are destroyed, will there be any more Latin Grammar 1 Punch. sorrowing a Coat The following is from a New York paper :-" City Police, Nov. 17. Evils of Borrowings-' He who goes a borrowing goes a sorrowing The truth of this adage Forced itself on the attention of John M'Elhaney yesterday evenings He was bound on a sparking expedition, it is supposed, and wished to shine with more than his customary brilliance, where- fore he applied to his friend Neddy Rooney for the loan of a coat-a new invisible green,' ornate with brass buttons of the most dazzling splendour. Rooney, who obligingly lent his coat, follows the cab-driving business, and for charging no more fare than the law allows he had awakened the burning resentment of some other gentlemen engaged in the same pursuit. It was resolved in secret council to give him a flogging at the first opportunity. On the very evening that M'Elhaney borrowed Rooney's coat, the flogging was to be administered and a drubbing committee of two-Jemmy O'Leary and Davy Carter-waited at the entrance of the court where Rooney dwells to watch for his egress and apply the castigation he was supposed to have merited. By a glimmering gas- light, M'Elhaney was seen coming out of Rooney's house, walking erect and with an air, as if conscious of his imposing appearance ; his borrowed plumes deceived the eyes of the flogging committee, and a simultaneous attack was made by O'Leary with his fist in front and by Carter with his foot in rear. After receiving five-and- twenty cuffs and as many kicks, M'Elhaney recovered his recollection, roared for mercy and piteously enquired the cause of the outrage. ' It's for being a rogue and charging legal fare that you're catching it said O'Leary. ' Troth, it's not me at all you're a bating,' said M'Elhaney. "Then what the di vii are ye yelping about ?' asked O'Leary. ' I mane,' answered M'Elhaney, ' I'm not a bit of Ned Rooney, barring his coat, and the rest of me is all Johnny M'Elhaney, if you'll please to examine.' ' Och then, we shall have the coat only, and sure we can't miss him (says O'Leary) lay on Davy, and never leave off while two threads of the rascally broad cloth are hanging together. A fresh and furious assault being made on the coat, its owner's representative, M'Elhaney, who had the misfortune to be inside of the obnoxious garment, found it necessary for his own comfort to call loudly for help; and by the time the coat was pounded worse than it had been in the falling mill, and M'Elhuney's bones and flesh had suffered sore in the process, the watchman appeared and marched off the whole party. O'Leary and Carter were held to bail for the assault and battery." Babies and 'Strawberries. Last week (writes a provincial editor, not a hundred miles from Ayr,) a gentleman called at our printing office, and requested that we would print for him about 200 letters. On handing the copy to us, we were surprised to read the following contents :-" My Dear -. I hasten to inform you that my dear wife, Susan, presented me with a fine-, at-o'clock, and that she and the dear babe are doing as well as can be expected. You are aware that this is my -seventh blessing Ever yours, c,-." This "novel order" certainly caused us to cast up an enquiring look, as much as to say, " Are you in earnest ?" and his reply was, " I really am in earnest!" "Yon know," he continued, " Mrs. - has just been confined with the twelfth little hopeful, and I see no prospect of her arriving at the end of the chapter. Now, every accouchement I have to write to upwards of twenty friends and relations; therefore, if I have a stock of printed forms by me, all I shall have to do on these interesting occasions will be to fill up the blanks." " Well," we rejoined, but now that she has completed the round dozen, the chances are against the number augmenting." " Not at all," he replied ; Mrs. -'s mother was remarkably fond of strawberries, and she had nineteen children. My wife is as fond of straw berries, and eats large Shanti ties every year, so that like mother like daughter.' " We were not learned enough in connubial mysteries to understand, much less to reply, to the logic, so we took up the copy and carried it into the printing-office and being bachelors, wended our way, much wondering what mysterious connexion there could be between babies and strawberries, and admiring the philosophy of our Benedict, who could wear a smooth chin and a resigned countenance with twelve children, and the prospect of an in- definite augmentation to that awful number. Our diary, on that day, has the following entry "Received, never to marry a woman that loves strawberries over much Z Aberdeen Herald." Concerning Eggs. At breakfast one morning, in that quiet and comfortable old inn, the White Swan, in York, a foreigner made quick despatch with the eggs. Thrusting his spoon into the middle, he drew out the yolk, devoured it, and passed on to the next. When he had got to his seventh egg, an old farmer, who had already been prejudiced against Monsieur by his moustachios, could brook the extravagance no longer, and, speaking up, said, " Why, sir, you leave all the white ! How is Mrs. Lockwood to afford to find breakfast at that rate ?" " Vy," replied the outside barbarian, you couldn't hit me to eat de vite ? De yolk is de stricken : de vite de fodders. Am I to make you bolster of my belly ?" The farmer was dumbfoundered. -Gateshead Observer. An Unwelcome intruder. Yesterday afternoon, about three o'clock, the inhabitants residing in the neighbourhood of Jackson and Claiborne streets were thrown into excitement by the appearance of an enormous alligator. It appears that the animal took refuge in the flower-garden of a police-officer Tom McGovern, of the First Municipality, and after a desperate fight, which lasted for about half an hour, he was conquered by the herculean strength of McGovern, who shot him through the head. He was about eight feet long.- New Orleans Bulletin Bishop Watson Geologising near Kendal. After the bishop's marriage into the Dallam Tower family he was a constant visitor there, especially during the university long vacation. Whilst there he used to ramble about the hills and dales with a hammer in his pocket, as the Sedgwick's and Buckland's do now-a-days, shipping any little pebble he stumbled over. In one of these rambles it chanced that he got to the top of Helm Crag, not many miles from Kendal, and picked up a substance which he at once pronounced to be thrown from Etna or Vesuvius, or some volcanic crater. On his way home he came naturally enough to the conclusion that Helm Crag itself was an extinct volcano. At the dinner table he produced this piece of lava as proof conclusive of his amazing discovery. The authority of a professor fresh from his laboratory, and still fresher from the University of Cambridge, could not be gainsayed the gentlemen too well bred the ladies too gallant to attempt it. There was one man, however, within hearing on whom all this excited but a smile the old family butler. Of course he said nothing then, and Watson's discovery was all in all but, on the following morning, finding the doctor in the library poring over the lava and taking notes, thinking probably that the honours of Dallam Tower were now at stake, and with the privilege of his order he administered to him this salutary information Dr. Watson, excuse me, but I thought I heard you say at the table yesterday that Helm Crag was an extinct volcano. I don't know what an extinct volcano is, as I never saw one but I do know that, when I was a lad, my father and I had a blast furnace on Helm Crag, and that's a piece of the cinder from the very spot." Facts are stubborn things ; the doctor looked aghast over his spectacles, put up his note book, and with a gold guinea silenced, at least until the doctor's departure, the discovery of the doctor's ignorance The Worthies of Westmoreland. Novel Carriage : Horses Inside An ingenious idea, we are informed, has been carried out successfully in one of the western states of America, by the construction of a one wheeled carriage propelled by the horses being inside. It consists of a large wooden wheel, fourteen feet in diameter and six feet broad, with footboards for the horses to hold. From the axis are suspended seats for the passengers, which axle extends on both sides beyond the wheel, it being only necessary to keep them balanced. lion stays from the extremities of the axle are carried over the top rather in fronts which support the seat for the person who drives the vehicle, which is done with the greatest ease, and it can turn in a much shorter space than a coach. A successful trial was made recently with one on the state road in Tuscan rawa County, Ohio, carrying twenty-four passengers, and two heavy draught horses, previously trained, as they are entirely unfettered" by harness. A distance of five miles was per;- '. formed in twenty-eight minutes, and on the return in twenty-five minutes. The work of the horses is easy, as they travel on an endless plank road Mining Journal. A Ghost in Love The Abeille Cauchoise tells the following story's few nights ago a worthy farmer, living near Yvetot, who has lately become a widower, was aroused at mid- night by the loud barking of his dog. On going to it the animal displayed extreme terror, whereupon the farmer took his gun and proceeded to an inspection. All at once he saw a horrid phantom, clothed in a white sheet, rise from behind the hedge The farmer turned deadly pale, and his limbs shook with dismay. He, however, contrived to ejaculate, 'if you come from God, speak : if from the Devil, vanish !' ' Wretch !' exclaimed the phantom, ' I am your deceased wife, come from the grave to warn you not to marry Marie A-, to whom you are making love. She is unworthy to share my bed. The only woman to succeed me is Henriette B-. Marry her, or persecution and eternal torment shall be your doom '! This strange address from the goblin, instead of dismay in the farmer, restored his courage. He accordingly rushed on the ghostly visitor, and, stripping off its sheet, discovered the fair Henriette herself, looking excessively foolish. It is said that the farmer, admiring the girl's trick, has had the banns published for his marriage with her." Precept and Practice, or the Two Doctors. Dr. Channing had a brother a physician, and at one time they both dwelt at Boston. A countryman, in search of the divine, knocked at the door of the doctor. The following dialogue ensued Does Dr. Channing live here? Yes, sir. Can I see him I am he. Who ! you? Yes, sir. You must have altered considerable since I heard you preach. Heard me preach ! Certainly. You are the Doctor Chan- ning that preaches, ain't you ? Oh ! I see your mistake now ! It's my brother who preaches I'm the doctor who practises. Short Chapter on Kissing by various Authors. When a Baltimore girl is kissed, she says she is taking chloroform, and remains insensible as long as the operation lasts. Bait. Paper. When a Tennessee girl is kissed, she exclaims, " Now, put that back where you got it from."- Tenn. Paper. When a Buck- eye girl is kissed, she throws up her hands, and ejaculates, " Blissful moments, how they fly." 16in. Paper. When a Louisiana girl is kissed she gets missed, and says, " I'd like to see you do that again I wouldn't. O. Delta. When a Toledo girl is kissed, she acts on the principle, " If any one smack thee on one cheek, turn to him the other also Toledo Repub- lican When a Chester girl is kissed she says, " Now, if you do that again, I'll retaliate, I will."- Village Record We may add to the above, that when a Philadelphian girl is kissed, she says, in the most innocent manner imaginable, "Yes! You may go and ask my father."-Philadelphia Post. , National Characteristics, or the English and French Navy). "In excavating a portion of the first- tunnel east of Rouen towards Paris, a French miner dressed in his bronze, and an English 'navvy' in his white smock jacket, were suddenly buried alive together by the falling in of the earth behind them. The accident caused the deepest concern ; but Mr. Meek, the English engineer, instantly commenced sinking a shaft, which was accomplished to the depth of fifty feet in the extraordinary short space of eleven hours, and the men were thus brought up to the surface alive. The Frenchman, on reaching the top, suddenly rushing forward, hugged and embraced on both cheeks his friends and acquaintances, many of whom had assembled and then, almost instantly over powered by conflicting feelings by the reflection of the endless time he had been imprisoned, and by the joy of his release he sat down on a log of timber, and, putting both hands before his face, he began to cry aloud most bitterly. The English 'navvy sat himself on the very same piece of timber, took his pit- cap off his head, slowly wiped with it the perspiration from his hair and face, and then, looking for some seconds into the hole or shaft close beside him through which he had been lifted as if he were calculating the number of cubic yards that had been excavated, he quite coolly, in broad Lancashire dialect, said to the crowd of French and English who were staring at him, 'Yaw'se been a damnation short for me shadows it. Stokers and Pokers. Temperature of the Earth. - Professor Simman mentions the fact, that in boring the Artesian wells in Paris, the temperature of the earth increased at the rate of one degree for every fifty feet towards the centre. Reasoning from causes known to exist, he says :-" That the whole interior portion of the earth, or at least a great part of it, is an ocean of melted rock, agitated by violent winds, though I dare not affirm it is still rendered highly probable by the phenomena of volcanoes." What David might have Done in Scot- land Scotch minister, very homely in his address, chose for his text a passage in the Psalms: I said in my haste all men are liars." "Ay," premised his reverence, by way of introduction, "ye said it in your haste, Daw vid, did ye? Gin ye had been here, ye might have said it at your leisure, man." Scotch Paper. National Peculiarities. - "It has been said that an Irishman is at peace only when he is in a quarrel ; a Scotchman is at home only when he is abroad ; an Englishman is contented only while finding fault with something or some- body; and, let us add, that a captious, busy, blustering, impetuous American is at the height of felicity, only while he is in all these tumultuous conditions at the same time."-Magoon's Proverbs. (A book lately published in America.) " Precept and Practice Mormon orator, while haranguing a crowd at Montrose, alleged that the blessings of his creed were so great that a true believer might swallow poison with impunity. The mob took him at his word, or, rather, resolved to test it; and some prussic acid having been produced, he was strongly pressed to swallow a little. A policeman rescued the disconcerted boaster from his per- secutors. Leeds Mercury. A Recent French Invention All our readers connected with the iron trade will peruse with interest the following method of welding iron, steel, and sheet iron. In an earthen vessel melt borax, and add to it 1-10th of sal ammoniac. When these ingredients are properly fused and mixed, pour them out upon an iron plate, and let them cool. There is thus obtained a glassy matter, to which is to be added an equal quantity of quicklime. The iron or steel h which is to be soldered is first heated to redness ; then this compound, first reduced to powder, is laid upon them-the composition melts and runs like sealing-wax ; the pieces are then replaced in the fire, taking care to hear them at a temperature far below that usually employed in welding; they are then withdrawn and hammered, and the surfaces will be found to be thus perfectly united. The author asserts that this process, which may be applied to welding sheet iron tubes, never fails. Adelaide paper. Declining a Loan Many of our readers would perhaps like to learn how to say " No" in a delicate way for the negociation of a loan. One of the neatest efforts of the kind, and we understand quite a successful one, occurred the other day. Phil was inclined for a trip to the springs, and called upon his friend. Had, my dear boy', I'm off for the Capes, and I find this morning I'm a trifle short lend me a hundred, will you?" Had, after a pause, which apparently included a mental examination of his financial arrangements, " Well, Phil, to tell you the truth do not feel disposed-at-present to make any permanent investment." Bos- ton Pilot. Expensive Fare The Galloway Advertiser tells a tale of a calf which has an extraordinary propensity for devouring the linen and cotton apparel laid to bleach on the common, and which lately ate, at a mouthfuls valuable cap which cost thirty shillings. It has been endeavoured to cure him by anointing napkins plentifully with mustard, but it appears that this con- diment only increases his relish for the coveted fabrics. Iron Steam Vessels of Wak. Captain Chads deposed before a parliamentary committee, that "there is no iron vessel that can he built which will resist shot, unless she be of such a weight that she will not float. - We have made experiments (he added) with six inches of iron plates rivetted together, and the shot goes right through them all, and through the side of a line-of-battle ship on the opposite side; and the greater resistance the iron makes, until it becomes impervious to shot ' altogether, the greater will be the damage done." Observer. "The Naked Truth's few days ago a man called at the shop of a respectable saddler in this town, and, representing himself as a saddler out of employment, and in a destitute condition, asked for relief. The shopkeeper, suspecting that the man was not what he pretended, asked him several questions respecting saddling, and soon found out that he was an impostor. He then told him to come in and shut the door, and, if he attempted to run away, he would give him into custody. The man complied. "Now," said the shopkeeper, "you're no saddler; but if you'll tell me honestly what you are, I'll give you twopence." " Well," replied the man, drawing himself close to the other, and speaking almost in a whisper, " if you'll not tell any one, you shall know what I am ; I'm a d d scoundrel." " Here, here," said the saddler, thrusting some money into his hand, " take your twopence and go." The man quickly evaporated Preston Chronicle. An Original Verdict.- In a recent trial in the Court of Exchequer, respecting the price of some gas pipes and lamps laid down by an old company at Newbury, and alleged to have been sold by them toanewcompany,the foreman of the jury delivered the following verdict :-" My lord, you have just put us rather in a queer street. We find for the plaintiffs for the sum claimed, though we think the valuation at £211 5s. 4d. is a calculation and not a valuation ; but it will teach them not to make foolish bargains. They made no objection to the valuation of £525 for the Speenhamlund works and as they took the first part of the meat, they must now take the shinbone."-Liverpool Albion. A new kind of Banks' new bank has been established at Hull, the object of which is to foster habits of regularity and frugal economy, by receiving weekly and daily deposits of the smallest sums, the same to lie repayable with interest, after a reasonable period. Leeds Mercury, Aug. 11 Not to be Beaten. Lately, in a northern town still under the influence of a money panic, a traveller entered a merchant's shop, and after displaying his patterns, solicited an order. The merchant, whose temper had no doubt been soured by the scarcity of bullion, told the traveller that he would give him no order but one, and that was " put on your hat and walk ;" an order which was instantly complied with. Previous to leaving the town, however, the commercial gentleman thought of trying the merchant again, and he entered his shop a second time, accosting him with, " Well, sir, I trust your former order was executed to your satisfaction ; can I do anything else for you ?" The merchant looked considerably nonplussed, but ultimately gave a handsome order for goods.- Observer. ClIECKMATINO A SCANDAL HUNTER. - "Of course, G. and his newly-married wife live happily together?" asked an inquisitive lady of a wag. The gentleman gave a significant turn to his countenance, but said nothing. "La, you don't mean that?" pursued his interrogator. The wag gave another look of direful import, and sadly shook his head. " You don't mean to say that they quarrel?" Worse than that, ma'am," said the was for the first time using his tongue. "What? does he beat her?" "Oh? far worse, she-she beats him." "Oh? my gracious," said the lady, starting buck, "beats him ? Well, I never." She was about to dart off with the news to a select circle of tables, when the was called her back, and assuming a mock heroic tone, added. "Yes, ma'am, she beats him-but it is at chess Observer. Soluble Glass. What is called soluble glass is now beginning to come into use as a covering for food, and other practical purposes. Some of our clever artisans may like to experi- ment upon it. It is composed of fifteen parts of ..._,_ parts water, in which it entirely dissolves. It is then applied to woodwork, or any other required substance. As it cools it gelatinizes, and dries up into a transparent colourless glass, on any surface to which it has been applied. It renders wood nearly incombustible. New York True Sun. Boots Wanted. The Glasgow Constitutional says, " In our last paper we inserted an advertisement, ' Boots wanted for a respectable hotel in town. In reply to this announcement we have just received the following letter : Kilmarnock, 25th January. Gentlemen I have just seen an advertisement, and have to say that I am just your man, and I trust the bargain will be for both our benefits. At the sale of a man who broke lately, near hour this, I bought a bunder pair, and they are at your bidding for three shillings the pair, a' o'er Heeds Your servant, J. T. N.B.-I have also on hand about fifty pair of shoes, if they are wanted.' " A Favoured Tenant The lady of a' Yorkshire baronet solicited her lord for a dairy farm, with which to employ her leisure hours. Her prayer was granted and being an intelligent and industrious farmer, her ladyship strove mightily, realising handsome profits by her eggs, her butter, and her poultry. " I am sure, Mr., said she one day to her indulgent spouse, "I don't know why tenants grumble as they do ; I find farming very profitable." " Yes, my dear," he replied, taking her playfully by the ear, " but you pay me no rent." " Ah !" rejoined Lady-, after a pause, "I'd forgot the rent." Gateshead Observer. Singular Mouse Traps mouse which attacked some mussels left in a house in Essex was caught by one of them closing its shell on the assailant's leg. The, mouse was found hobbling about with its leg fast in the shell. Leeds Mercury. Printed and published by Richard Jones, at the "Mercury" Office, High-street, West Maitland. 