Bridgewater. — Having had occasion on a recent excursion up the country to pass this work twice, we were enabled to test the accommodation it is to the traveller, and really it can scarcely he too highly appreciated. Instead of standing shiver ing on the bank of the river until a boat was got ready to the inconvenience of the traveller and the injury of a horse warm from a journey, he now goes over quietly without let or hindrance, paving, instead of what was certainly an exorbitant fcrrynge, an extremely moderate toll. By the way, in the Courier of some weeks since, it was stated that it was in tended still to continue the same rates of toll over the bridge as were required over the ferry. We mentioned the fact that it was not so. The Courier of last week says in reply : ' In notifying that intention to the public, we were not invest ed with a spirit of prophecy ; enough for us that the preposter ous idea was entertained. If a feeling of opposition had not been displayed, the traveller would have to dive deeper into his pocket; and there is at least one print in this colony which would stoop to countenance the exaction.' The Courier is certainly the last journal we should think of ac cusing of a spirit of prophecy ; hut it did not require much to look into the Act passed some years since and ascertain that the tolls were restricted far below what was no doubt an exaction ; and against which we remonstrated over and over again, while the Courier was silent. Nor would we stoop to make a charge utterly unfounded, and which was only to be attributed to wilful perversion of the truth, or an inexcusable ignorance of facts. It was not merely untrue, hut impossible, that the 'preposterous idea could be entertained. — H.T. Advertiser. Man Drowned. — The steward of the Scout, James Vcitch, was drowned at the cud of the New Wharf on Thursday night, about eleven o'clock. The deceased, who has belonged to the vessel for about six months, had upon the last passage brought over his mother from Adelaide, intending to settle her in Hobart Town. He went out on Thursday evening aloue, and is supposed to have been a little the worse for liquor, and on his return, mistaking the position of the vessel he belonged to, went up to another at the unfinished end of the wharf, and fell through the beams on the piers. He never rose. His body was recovered about two o'clock on Friday morning. His bereaved mother remained on board ; tit a late hour yesterday, she continued in ignorance of the fact. — Courier. Marie Laurie. — This vessel will be nut up for 'sale by auction on Wednesday next, by Messrs. Hay and Ivey. The same auctioneers have recently disposed of the whole cargo brought by the barque from the Mauritius — 40(10 bags sugar sold at (com £15 10s to £24 10s per ton; (iO bogs coffee at 5d per lb. ; 100 bales gunnies brought 4Jd eacli. — Ibid. Rokeby, Clarence Plains. — A melancholy accident hap pened in this district on Tuesday night last. Mr. Blackburn, the district constable, on returning from Muddv Plains, lauded from a boat near the township. A constable named Walker made an attempt to pull the boat near iu shore with his right hand, holding the gun in his left. The rope broke, and he fell. The gun went off, and the contents were lodged in the person of Mr. Blackburn, from the knee upwards. He died almost instantly, having just time to ejaculate — Walker, vou have done f or me !' Mr. Blackburn was much respected in the district, and leaves a widow and child to lament the loss of a kind husband and father. An inquest was held at Mr. Shuttle's, tlie ' Plough and Harrow,' ttokeby, on Wednesday last, by Major Schaw, coroner, and the verdict returned was ?' occidental death.' — Advertiser. LOC AL. A Confirmation took place on Wednesday, at St. John's Church, by the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, when about seventy persons, of ages varying from sixteen to sixty five, presented themselves as candidates, being recom mended bv the chaplains of the respective districts. Of the clergymen in attendance, only tUe following appeared in official costume :— the Revds. Dr' Browne, J. F. Ison, F. H. Cox, J.Yarker, and H. P. Kane. After the reading of a portion of the Morning Prayers, his Lordship commenced the Confirmation sen-ice, and received the customary profession of faith of the catechumens. He then ascended the pulpit, and delivered an impressive address to the persons about to be confirmed ; in the course of which his Lordship explained the nature of the rite, the authority on which it was founded, and the obligations and advantages connected with its observance. As their Chief Pastor, he felt it his duty to impress on their minds those instructions, which he was sure tlieir ministers had given, and which he was anxious for them to keep in remembrance so long as tbey lived. He was de sirous that in times to come, they should be able to look back with grcatful emotion to that one day of their lives when they received solemn Christian counsel, on taking upon them the vows of the Lord. It had been asked by persons of dif ferent classes, what use was confirmation, and what authority the Church had for its observance ? The question bad been proposed by those who differed from them in their views of Ecclesiastical polity, by the careless and listless of their own Communion, and by many, who (he feared) had, in the parent country seen this ancient and solemn rite, lowered in its as pect and importance, by persons calling themselcs Members uf the Church of England. But he would refer to the his tory and practice of the Primitive believers, who (as appeared in the 8th and 9th chapters of the Act s), were brought to the Apostles for the imposition of hands, after having been bap tized into the Christian faith, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Although it was not contended that the Ordinance was (like Baptism and the Lord's Supper,) expressly instituted by our Saviour, it could be traced to the time of the Apostles. It was an historical fact, and one which claimed universal assent, that the Anci ent Fathers confirmed the members of the Primitive Church, and by the Primitive Church, he meant, that which cxistsd before the debasing and corrupting influence of error and su perstition had extended itself to the Christian body, and when the ordinances and doctrines of Christ, and the prac tices of the Apostles were believed and observed in their pure and unadulterated state. Not that Churchmen thought Confirmation neccssaryto finish the work of regeneration per formed in baptism, for that work was doubtless complete, and every baptized Christian was regenerated according to the dictates of Holy Scripture; but there was a cer tain something in the laying on of hands by the Bishop, and the solemn and public recognition in the Church, of bap tismal vows, accompanied as it was, by the prayers of the Bishop, and of God's Church and Ministers, when the can didate takes upon him voluntarily and scriptually, the name and obligations of a Christian, which made its observance de sirable ; if it was possible to trace back this or any other ordi nance, or rite, to the time of the Apostles, although the ob servance of it may not be positively enjoined, it surely com mended itself to our sense of duty, with no light authority ; and if Confirmation was not enjoined, it was at least (iu the estimation of the Apostles who were inspired men) suggested and allowed by the Spirit of God ; and in this sense, it must certainly be no unmeaning ceremony. He would not have it supposed, that it was an institution of the Priests or for their benefit ; neither the Bishop nor the Priest has any ex clusive interest in it ; it belonged to them— the Members of the Church, and was observed for their benefit, as a means of spiritual profit. Acting then upon the known practice of the Apostles, a time was found by the Church, when children and young persons were recalled to a sense of tlieir privi leges and Christian duties, and by the Chief Pastor solemnly confirmed therein ; a day from whence, as from a sacred land mark, they might renew that oath of allegiance, which by their sponsors they had taken in baptism— a day when they dedicated themselves as a free-will offering to the service of religion. Ilis Lordship concluded with some remarks on the merciful nature of the provision of the Church by which in youth, when the mind was sensitive, and the affections warm, an institution of this character should be observed, with a view to arm the young soldier of Christ, against his spiritual foes, and to impress the obligation of tlieproiiiise made ' to renounce the Devil and ail his works, the flesh, and all the pomps and vanities of this wicked world :' reminding his hearers that it was a solemn tiling to vow to the Lord ; and that every sin gle resolution of amendment, whether in the Church or in secret, and whether expressed or not, and although it might have become obliterated from the memory ' ns last year's storms' would be remembered in the great day of account ; and he exhorted them to be sincere in what they were about to do : and if upon reflection, any of them were inclined to recant — to feel cranes in the Christian fight, he implored them rather then be b^Tiocritcs, to pause— to shrink back for a season, until they could with heart and conscience sincerely dedicate themselves to the Lord ; but if on the other band, they were in earnest, and desired like little Samuel of old, to cleave to the Lord, then in the Lord's name let them do so : and his prayer was, and the prayer of the Church was, (in their behalf) that the two little words ' I do,' which they had that day answered, with reference to the renewal of their baptismal vows, might be as a faithful monitor, to warn them against temptation, and inspirit them in their religious duties. His Lordship then confirmed the candidates in liis usual im pressive manner, after which a second address was delivered, which, though somewhat lengthy, was listened to with marked attention. Mr. Beckford presided at the organ. The accumulation of mud in the River, in the vicinity of the town, is becoming a serious matter for consideration ; to a certain extent, the local Government is censurable, but the blame chiefly rests on the Officer, through whose neglect the evil, if not first occasioned, is greatly increased. In several parts of the River, logs of timber and vessels have sunk and been permitted to remain, and around those substances, banks of mud have grown up and opposed obstacles to the na vigation of the River. Last winter, the punt at the cataract broke adrift, and grounded near to the Tea-tree reach; since then, the mud about the wreck has much accumulated ; this is the fault of the Officer charged with the care of the port, for not causing the regulations to be enforced, one of which is, that the owner of any vessel sunk, shall remove her with in a specified time after receiving official notice, and, on re fusal, the Harbour Master has the power to do so, at the cost of the responsible party. We notice the mud is fast in creasing about the floating dock, in consequence of the dock being kept sunk mostly ; this is not the fault of the Govern ment or the dock proprietor, but of that officer whose business it is to adopt the necessary means for the prevention of the evil. An opportunity is now offered for getting rid of a quantity of rubbish to fill up the Kains Creek, which might easily be obtained in lighters at low water, and landed where it is required, at high water; and we understand if the Government would land the mud of the river at any place where carts could take it away, that almost any quantity of it would be sold at one shilling per load for manure, than which better could not be obtained for the light soil about the town ; while thousands and tens of thousands of pounds are needlessly expended on the other side, the outlay for so necessary a purpose as keeping the channel of the river clear, for the purposes of navagation, should be expended on our port, from which is derived more than one third of the re venue of the colony. Matters would not be as they are in Launceston, if the interests of the town were confided to the inhabitants, nor the waste of money at Hobart Town, if the colony had a Representative Government. Patterson's Plains. — Mr. Benjamin Livesey, late of McCra Hills and Avoca, has been appointed to the School at Pater sou's Plains, by the Rev. H. 'P. Kane, Chaplain, and head master of the Launceston Church Grammar School. Dog Licenses. — We presume the principal business at the Police-office just now, is the issuing receipts for dog-money. Next Monbay will be the last day for registering, after that time, the police will, no doubt, be on the alert in enforcing the provisions of the Act, which the great increase and the pitch to which the nuisance of strolling dogs has arrived in this district, renders necessary. Dearth of Shoetnakers. — We are informed in one or two quarters, that journeyman shoemakers arc exceedingly scarce in Launceston. Very high wages are offered for good hands, but they cannot be procured, notwithstanding the rate of wages in Ilobart Town and Port Phillip, is less by some shillings a-weck than that obtainable here. Case of Weeding. — On Monday morning, a man named James Hughes, entered the shop of Mr. Murray, the Linen Draper, of Brisbane-street ; and whilst in the act of pur chasing some trifling article, was detected iu purloining n child's cap ; he was immediately given into custody, and on Tuesday morning was committed by the police magistrate to take his trial at the ensuing Quarter Sessions. Why have you made your Door fast ? — An anecdote is re lated of a professed drunkard, endeavouring to obtain ad mission into a public house, on a day appointed to be ob served throughout England as a general fast : the imbiber was anxious to ascertain the cause of Boniface refusing him access to his domicile, and was informed that the day was to be observed by all persons, as a fast day — ' that may be' replied the alcoholic gent, but surely ' you are not ordered to make your doov fast too ?' Perhaps the landlord of a certaiu ' hostelric' may adduce n. cause why he made the door of his ' Castle' do 'penance' a day or two ago? William Henry Drew. — This person who was acquitted at the Supreme Court on a charge of forgery, on the 5th of April last, was on leaving the dock immediately apprehended by constable Thompson, through whose activity the prisoner and his two associates were taken into custody at Hobart Town ; prisoner was tried before \V. Gunn, Esq., at the Convict Department on Tuesday last, and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment with bard labour on the charge of absconding. Holloway. — This notorious bushranger was captured on Thursday last, in the neighbourhood of the Brown Mountain. The Police were aware that he was in the habit of visiting huts in the neighbourhood, and Holloway would be at a hut occupied by a man named Jones, on the run of Mr. Armytagc at the Brown Mountain, for the purpose of getting a double barrelled gun which was there. The hut in which Jones lives is divided into two apartments, with n loft over one of them. In this loft two constables were placed to secure Holloway when he entered. Late in the afternoon Holloway and another man entered the hut and walked directly to the corner where the gun was placed, and was going to take it away, when one of the constables challenged him and told him to stand. He immediately dropped his own gun, picked up the double-barrelled one, and was bolting when one of the constables fired and shot him through the fleshy jnurt oi his thigh. He and his companion ran from the hut nnd t»e constables were about firing again, when Holloway cried out 'don't shoot me — as I am shot already.' He was secured and conveyed to Richmond where he awaits examination. His companion escaped, and has not been heard of since. ' reflects much credit on the police of this country that tins dangerous bushranger, who for six years baffled every effort to arrest him in New South Wales,' was here captured after being at large about as innny weeks. — H. T. Advertiser. 