THE COMET OF FORTY-THREE. Bx K. K. SYLVKSTKtt.' Up ! up to the skjrl the starry sky ! its bright effulgence shone, Amid the shining myriads there, the o.ily lonely one ; And the column of shadowy beams it shed, in its spectral beauty seem d Like the memory of the eager hope, our raptured boyhoo.l dream d. Up! up to the sky ! the at irry sky ; where u dreams we love to dwell Where the sadden d heart, «u 1 mournful soul, their tale of sorrow tell The starry sky where faith und love have rear d their holy shriu? Tke home of our earthly visions , the end of our dreams divine. Wild and mysterious stranger, that dare unqueation'd come Within the ballow'd precincts of t at bright and gluiimis home; What art thou, and whence contest thou, aud wli it thine errand here Usurper of the realms on high, in thy beamy robes of fear? Djsc thou eome like the mantled prophet, iu the mystic days gone by Fraught with thy dire foretelling, from the glorious realm oa high ; i -ras the pillar of fire which led the Hebrews on their path, Uuto the promised laud of rest, through scenes ol foui aud wrath ? Herald of migiitv chatues, dim and portenluous star! Wilt thou bear a message from the earth to the shilling orbs afar Wilt thou speak her mournful greeting to lier brother worlds ou high, In thy wild and trackless pilgrimage through the broad unbounded sky ? Tell, tell them as thou shinest, that sorrow like a veil, Hath shrouded wit), its sadness, her face so dim and pule ; That the murmurs of her voice were fraught, with human woes aud feu And all the s gns upon her were the signs of grief and tears. Go. go, thou shining wanderer, away on thy mystic path, Wreck of some shatter' d system, dooin'd by its Maker's wrath- Ghost of some realm departed, shadow of worlds gone by Away on thy phantom errand, thou dazzling mystery ! Speed on thy lonely journey, where brighter planets reign ; And when, in thine own period, thou seekesi the eurtli again. Thy beams on graves shall glimmer, pale star of awe aud dread, Where the eyes that now gaze on thee lie lustreless aud dead. 