Original Ctimsspoutrence. To the Editor the Hobarton KENTISH'*;. GOODWIN. Guardian. SIR—As your independent Journal is the only newspaper that gave a correct — and "tolerably J full lepuri, report, oi of W„ai what IOOK took Banco, viz., on the day after the Re« gatta; when my personal appearance from Port Phillip, was to tbe defendants U " ««'®"ou battalion or of lawyers, ana aud perhaps to the bench as well as bar, as UB atartling as Banquo's ghost; your's is obviously the .v,„ most suitable . ^ publication, ° in which to invite the attention of this community to the following facts ; which, as one of those whose interests you advocate, viz..-—." THE PEOPLE," 1 calculate on at your han.dB; of course I will not advert to the merits of the action before trial. . Viuient attacks having been made on my character, in the most specific manner, in the HornwaU Chronicle, which if merited would be as perfectly justifiable in the Editor, as disgraceful to me ; I felt it necessary to commence an action against Mr. Goodwin, so long ago as October, 1846. This being defeated, and more abuse being poured forth on.me, a.fresh action, was com» menctd, and the declaration WBB to have been 'fi'ed by a certain Barrister on or before the last day of the summer term in 1847. But it was hot I At last, the declaration was filed and pleaded ib, the preCejit issued to a special jury and the case set down for trial on the 2nd of April, 1848. I went to Launceston,for the express purpose of prosecuting my action; when, it may be remembered, that the Chief Justice refused to let the cause be tried,because Mr. Justice Home, had, at chambers the very day .t left Hobart Town for Launceston struck it put of the list in my absence and unkjioVqrto me, in consequence of some ex-p"arte representation on the part 'of defendant, that he had not received notice of trial sufficiently long, by some' hours/as the regulations or bye-laws of the cpurt required, which'allegation, had I been present, I believe : that I could have rebutted. Having been perfectly ruined in.connexion with certain government affaire, by twelve months hindrances as well as annoyances, with'respect to this action, which 1 .yet deemed, and ttill deem it indispensable to prosecute. knowing that it *ould not «ome on fortrial for aome fiirther jmpijths ; )[ went to l^rWramip lfl ApHI,-festal ved to • return to prosecute -4bo- action in the September-sittings.'; -'By aMakudtjr,!^' WAS prevented leaving Melbotrtne id! time Io be able to give the eight days' jioticej(or l2 fle«Dnteuded for) oftrialj kooivioe therefore, that I should beagaindefeqted.ifbut anhourtoo late; ! and; acting supoji the advice of the best' law authorities io MelUoorne,:(andI had the -hppor r<of-r being more or Jess intimately acquainted with the Messrs> Stephent, Mr. Home, Mr.Moor,;and several "others, legal gentlemen of high standing.) I addtesaed a rtfspectful letter,eiicltisify' vffidavU,to . their Honors, the Judges of Van Diefflens Land, explanatory of -the cause of detention, a'tad proving that I should. If I liVed, be in this Colony in abundant time, .to, conduct my action in the nest Sittings, viz., in January. This, tljelegaV aut'bofUies'of Port Phillip, held to fee the. strictly correct course, as my name stood on the retord as acting as ray own "Attorney. / But the letter, known to be from, hie, officially addressed toihe Judgfes. ^as «refused' io te opened, and returned tome at Port Phillip: yet was I treated, by their Hotiors;-asif i had left the Colony without intention to return;* and it will be remembered that * rule had been obtained by defendant, to show cause wby; judgment should not ;be given as of & pon-suit, and made absolute—but judgment had• not been signed, when 1 appeared in court on the Ifest Panco day,'viz., the 2nd Dec., Jive weelcc before. the sittings at Launceston. ' . ' , Referring ,lo the ' legal proceedings' of that day,; it will he seen that the learned Judges, in the exercise of their discretion ^od power, did not choose to let the action come on for trial in the next sittings: but that the Chief Justice directed me with his last breath—which happensto be' recorded in all the Hobart Town newspapers,as well as in the Guardian—• to apply to the court on the first day of next term, •viz.. on Monday next, the 5th proximo, fpr the cau^e to be permitted , to come on in the then ensuing sittings.' I have accordingly made, my or* rangenients for this purpose, and am prepared to .go to trial at any hour: when, to my astonishment and that of every votary of justice, whether judge, juror, suitor, or merely a free and loyal subject of theeSopire, who shall hear of this c"iicumslanc6,>o /rufy and charactenslieaVy 'Koia'nicl * 1 was arrested by'a.writ of the Sheriff (how, obtained I know not) on.Saturday last,' for alleged 'costs of deten'dant,£45 14s. lid,' •on a yet vnttied action : being the very first intimation 1 received of costs having been granted—which, in my ignorance, I thought followed, not preneeded, tria]!—of any bill, just or unjust, having been taxed, or even made out I' Immediately on this ar» rest, which, (whoever has committed or sanctioned ihe wrong;, and for what ever rhotive) I kiiow to be unjust and morally unjustifiable, and .I hope yet to prove illegal—(though this Is quite problematical, as legalized injustice is notoriouB in this colony) I .addressed the following letter,' which will speak for itself:— ' " To Hii Honor the Judge at C/uimbers. SIR,—I .brg leare to mike known to yonr Honor, ,tb«t the defendant in tlii« case, tia», If appose by lome'lfgal. (but tunst scanri&loui;) Jnp^in,' ofominei) frim the Slittiff a writ of Co. Sa„ against me, for costs ^45 Htt'Hd , io this yetvntricd 4ctbn—ilie ciicumsiancea of *liich will ba iu your Honoi'i recollection, I doubt ntol: " Having on Ihe last day of the last tfrm — the 2nd Uee,—been diftcted. by (he Court, with the txpreta unction of both Judges, to more on llieiirat day of the next term, for tliii cane to borne on for hearing in tile (hen cniuing sitting!; I cannot belitve that jour Honor slid blotter Judge will •ufferjuslice to. be thus defea'ed, by permitting ihit course towards a plaintiff who has already aacrilictd liundreda ol jjoiiiide—many moniba of valuable lime. itid made an' expressive journey of above IflOO mil", for the ex preai; purpose of prosecuting bis noit righteous and neoe«*ory cause of Aciion—vie: that of imprisoning him for a sum of money which ran only tie owing" on Ihe •assumption of a verdict for the defendant in a cause npt yet tried-, which conduct, in ibe event of mj obtaining'! VBrdic', which 1 folly «ly on from a Jury of my Counirt, with the amgnpt of damages, laid in the Ueclaratipn 6,000"; wiilidd to lhe injustice 1 an already suffering—and htve by technicalities «nd manoeuvring, been kept In- llie. endurance .of Upwards ol one whole yt*r—that of virtual fahe imprisonment. ., , " 1 have the honor .to be, ".Vow hliinble and ohedieni servant. : . "NAT. fjipecounKEN , January 27,1819. , MR. EDITOR—I peed hardly to tell you that this letter has not been replied to, or that the object "of my ariesl upon a debt which 1 never. before heard «f, and ,which jn coipmop ;6eii6e and deceucy, as we|l pB Jusliee, ought to be governed by the verdict ol the aqtion when tried— has, been made^nd.sanctionedjor the ejtpr,ess purpose defeating me,, in bringing the flagitious, case, to .trial. Perhaps, you isir, or some of your. well-informed readerp, wilj-^flyise u/luit is the proper cpttrte for me now to ad pot? v/ . 