Two Years in the Far West. DT THE AüTHOSL OF " STORIES OF WATERLOO)" Sic, bc. Sportsmen are considered generally, by ns», as idle people, who have no legitimate cupation to consume their time ; and from I default, ind sheer necessity, they are oblige« contort with a setting dog, or arm themsel «¡tb » fishing-rod. To the charge we say gat ur, and pronounce it absolutely. Aire every stout soldier that wo knew in our tim and they were many-had some field propensi and one, our constant shooting companion, w] «?eathrr interdicted our going out of do< rilled his " hours of: idlesse" ot the lathe; i the same hand that led the forlorn hope throi the greater breach, and won the castle of H rigo, could use the chisel as he did the swa snd both right well. The idle proportion of the independent i comfortable portion of the British body pol are those who cannot fence a wall, u«e a gi and know as much of the resources of the fi jog rod as that compound of erudition and I manners-Dr. Johnson did. Their occupatio! the collecting intelligence at the post-office, a greetings ¡ri the market-place. They ascert a statistical amount of loss of every lien-ro that has been robbed ; all particulars touchin neighbour's kitchen maid who has .been ¡ straeted hy some recruiting party. By these i old mails wero watched with jealous anxiety, a their arrivals and departures chronicled to t minute, and with marked fidelity. With the t tinction of carriage transit by horse agenci their story might have been considered to dosed; but a railway station, if it be witl half a mile, forms a glorióos'substitute. At I first whistle from the engine, they are out doors instanter ; and should the advent of I train be half a minute in advance, or two or tin sectional portions of the hour in arrear, tl evening the H ? P-- notifies the occurren at the Blue Boar or the Golden Lion ; hints tl the company are going headlong to the dei and the sooner that shareholders sold out, in 1 opinion, would be all the better. The CapU plumes himself upon his prudence in his co duding speech-thanks God that " he has personal anxiety ; had no share in any of the lilly speculations ; be might have been a c .ector ; he would not venture capital idly." T tanest man told truth, for he never cou' :h rough life, have «pared a sovereign in ad ve ture. In the human family, various are the dist! guishing degrees. In the sporting brunch ti .ame peculiarities will bu detected. One shoi for h's bag, and provided he can fill it well cou gui coure, he'll not stoop at the meanness of t means, so that the end shall be accomplishe Another, and a better brother of thu order, shot as a gentleman should shoot. His larder do not require that thc gun shall, of necessity, HI to its supplies; and lie goes to thc hill »¡iii-, the lake, merely for exercise and .niuispinen Of sportsmen-we don't mean turf- men, for tl turf has become H. trade, and ¡ts chi. f supporte are cockney shopkeepers and licensul victualler What we call a sportsmen, is definable in a di sen lines. If he resi les in a hunting countr; and can rido to hounds, he keeps three ur foi horses; and if he employ them t«ice a wee! he'll pass current with us. If in humbler fri: tune, his setters must serve the nonce ; but sti his status as a sportsmen is unquestionable, lower yet. the poor disciple of Isaac Walto steals an hour to the river side, thcevening whe his work is done. Shall we reject him ? Gc forbid ! Soldiers were formerly believed to be romantii but sportsmen, in our opinion, will take prece dence; and we will back saltpetre freely ogaini steel. We knew ono who united the two-fol virtues. He was brave as a bull-dog, and i every thought and feeling a thorough gentle man : and reckless in monetary matters, Ii would, like another Antonio, pledge not his foi tune, but his person for a friend. Ile was a true bred Irish gentleman of the old school. Hi pistol-case was always unlocked, and so far a his unthrifty means allowed, his purse wa equally open ; on any point of honour his judg ment was correct ; but wo worth thc tradesmo who, to meet a bill, placed confidence in the com mander1 » punctuality. But, alas ! if you touche on shooting or salmon-fishiug operations, thei the poor Colonel would go oil" at score, and no body could stop him. The Colonel, in every sense of the word, was stout gentleman. He weighed fully tighteei stone, and when sorely afflicted with gout fought a catch-weight Ensign ou a moment' warning, though both his legs were swathed ii flannel,and the ground was covered a foot dee] with snow. In all things honourable ho wai trustworthy, and only in one point was he vul ntrablc; and though ia deeds of arms a trustiei Trojan could not be found, in piscatorial repre- sentations, while the ghost in Hamlet might bi taken for a thousand pounds, I Wohld not havt been security touching thc Colonel's veracity foi fire farthings. He shot well, but from obesity could not work and he had an excellent judgment in the adap- tation of a fly to weather and water. Ile wa; marvellously ambitious as an angler, kept its ar- cana to himself, and mystified his skill accord- ingly. The Colonel, could the garment have been partitioned, would have divided his last coat with a stranger he never saw before ; but a fancy fly vas a sacrifice beyond his generosity. " I remember taking n very dirty advantage of the poor Colonel. We were angling in Fin lough, and a more romantic water, and by tho way a worse fishing one could not be found in Britain-based beneath a mountain. I call it so, for I should guess its altitude at two thousand feet. There cannot be a sweeter specimen of a highland lake. It is connected with the inlet called the Klllories, a* long, deep, narrow arm from the Atlantic ; and in tho season the lake ia ?ulled by a few gtislea, and a tolerable number of iea*trout. The Colonel ratted a salmon and killed a three found white trout» and I could not persuado any (ut a lean bog-trout to even took at mo. I im- plored the commander by every tie of friendship to give me a duplicate of tho successful fly that appeared so fashionable ; but lie swore, as they did formerly in Flanders, that ho had not ano- ther iniect imitation in lils possession but what »M on tlie casting line. Now I knew that bc committed,a piscatorial perjury, and that lie 'Md a doren within tho lining of his hat. Re- venge is sweet, he hooked a weed, and asked,me to relieve him ¡ my task being to hop over half tooien rocki, a feat eleven stone might nchiovo « five.and- twenty, but that a sexagenarian or .Ijhteen of "(DO, too solid flesh" would feel some otffieulty in achieving. I got to the detentive »»tu-"Mind," cried the commander, from the «f»od, »that j ou don't hurt the hook. It's an tfSliaughnessy, and highly tempered," "Don't be afraid," I responded, as I treacher .Wy snapped it between my fingers, and left the "Muspeetwg commander to operate with the »Mt harmless union of wool and feathers that «?er sn vm had projeolcd. . "N°w hs has had time to rest himself, and fl» H not bs far fcom that rack," quoth tho com mander, alluding to the salmon ; and away we; the casting line in the direction where the ii tended victim was supposed to lie. I never sa a man who threw a fly upon water with great neatness ; and the Colonel hit the spot to £ inch. Up rose the fish. "By the Lord .' I have missed him again, ar yet he rose greedily." ,"I have remarked lately," I insidiously n turned, ' that you are slow in striking your fis He feels the hook, and very properly rejects it To question the perfection of his manipulate was death to the commander, and angry wash rejoinder, or rather it would have been had n two actors come unexpectedly on the scene. TI one was the Colonel's noble kinsman, the la Marquis of ? ; tile other a nondescript so of animal, who will still bc recollected in tho fi west. .'Shawn Briddawn," anglice, John of, the Sa mon, was some fifty years old, and one of tin endless tribe, who, in the shape of what wei termed 'hangers on,' hung about the trish cour try houses, and dodged at the heels of the mast* with a game-bag or a fishing pannier. Shaw was an under-waterkeeper, and through a frea of his noble employer, he w.ts invested with gray frieze jacket, the right arm bei'ng decorate with a salmon in crimson cloth. He was a kna\ who pretended to be half simpleton, spoke Eng lisli imperfectly, and understood what was at dressed him, just as it suited his convenienci Of course, to his noble patron he looked with tl reverential awe of a retainer who hung upon li breath, while tho Colonel was an object of th liveliest terror. You could, were the wind in vourable, hear the Colonel's bellow half a mi off. He swore like a trooper, and we fancy « still have ringing in our ears-"Briddawn ! yo infernal scoundrel ! where the devil are ye ? wonder you have not run me into murder te years ago. Herc's my casting hue, ye villair in the weeds." Well, we were joined by the noble Marquis an his retainer, and the Colonel considering that i his third essay there might be luck, again pro jected his casting line. It caught again in th weeds, and Briddawn proceeded to emancipate ii lt was the dropper, and not the tail-Uy, whos existence I feloniously terminate J. Away weil I the casting line again. I "Colonel, I rather fancy there's a hitch upoi thc lower tly. The one that Briddawn took fror j the rushes"-and I whispered to Lord . that I had broken the shank across. ! The Colonel caught up his line, and on exam ¡nation, but a moiety of O'Shaug nessy remained and that was perfectly inoO'ensive. 1 shall recollect to the last hour of my life th scene that followed. "i riddawn, you ruffian, and the greatest a present unhanged, couldn't ye take a C-istinj tine uti'a reed Mahout ruining the only killing tly m my collection ?" In vain Shawn protested innocence, .ind loude still thc Colonel stormed. Briddawn interposèi judiciously a dozeu yardi between Iiis own per son and the arm of the coaimander. Lord increased the confusion by treating the husines with atlee ted indiilereiice. " Why, Colonel, it's only a broken hook a pinny will replace i:." "A broken hook ! A tly that could not b matched inside the Shannon*! Briddawn, I'll ti hanged for your murder !" Thc Colonel sale down upon a rock, drew ou his whiskey lijsk, fabricated a refreshing admix ture of the pure element and untaxed alcohol poked out another tly, and recommenced hts la hours. He succeeded, hooked, and landed a grisle no heavier at most than four pounds. "By thc Lord -," «nd lie addressed h¡¡ noble kinsman, "what a beautiful clean- rur fish ! A cleun seven pound if he's an ounce." I "In my opinion. Colonel, ho would uul lum half the weight," I observed. "And," added Lord---, "I'm sure it's nul a salmon at all. It seems to me to be a spent sea-trout." I "A trout!" roared tho Colonel. "I'll back it's a salmon for a thousand." I "Ves, Harry, and bc sure to add, if any man will len-! yi;u the money." "I say it's a salmon !" roared tho Colonel. "And I'll swear it's nothing but a sea-trout. What say you, Mr. ? ? ?" "It looks very like a white trout, and adevlish flabby one too. But Briddawn can tell at once," "To be sure he can, the ruffian. -Is it not a salmon ?" cried the angler. "It is a salmon, Colonel." . Oh ! Briddawn," and his patron darted a reproving frown at his attache, "call you that auything but a trout P" "It is a trout," groaned the unhappy umpire. "A trout P" roared the Colonel. "Suawu Brid- dawn, I'll be your death Í" "A salmon P" returned Lord-. " No more like a salmon than a haddock is." "Isn't it a salmon, Briddawn P" and the Co- lonel clenched lils fist, "ls it not a trout P" and Lord ? looked daggers at the water-keeper. Shawn rkipped absut tor half a minute like a dancing Dervise ; then ensconcing his person behind me, he exclaimed- ' "My God I it is either a trout or a salmon, as my Lord will have it." What a number of Briddawna this world .con- tains ! The Colonel's residence was a lodge like what our own was in Ballycroy, as wild, and still more inaccessible. But it had a redeeming quality that compensated for bad roads-the welcomo was a warra one. The Colonel, for a dozen years, had been tn pendían from his nobla kinsman. But then, in that wild country, uncursed with plebian patriots, and a still deeper nuisance blackguards, who jump, in Ireland, from the cart tail into holy orders, and would lord it over well-born men-it was astonishing, luxuries set aside, what solid comforts a most limited income would alford to him who, from fancy, necessity, or from both, sought and found there an abiding place. With Waterloo, an event that settled greater careers, Colonel B-'s a la militaire had reached its termination, and the closing event which partira 1 alluded to, will illustrate private character of that time, and shew what Irish gentlemen were thirty years ago. In a division of the mess plate, when the regi- ment, a militia one, was disembodied, a couple of salt spoons were awarded to one Ensign, that should itt another's estimation, have formed part j and parcel of his own futuie property. 'J ho Ancient was a testy young gentleman, the Colonel a disciple of tho school of Sir Anthony Absolute, and hot as red pepper when anybody ( crossed him, Ensign Ii-- demurred touch- ing the partition of the plato, and, »iure hiber- nia Colonel B responded, that he might have personal satisfaction if he had a fancy for lt. Kow, at thattimc, in Irish opinion, a gener- ous Intimation of the kind could not be tendered and rejected. The regiment was disbanded ; gentlemen had no longer distinctive rank i and, as a mailor of course, the ex-nncicnt sent a friend to the ex-colonel, and received In return n very polite reply, that ho was quita at his ser- vice tho next morning at half-past eight o'clock, that hour being the earliest that would suit pistol j distance in dark December. The gentleman who I bore the cartel, in thc handsomest manner on part, insinuated that his own lawn was centri and quite free from interruption, and also adi that Mrs. E-would be most happy in havi breakfast ready for the survivor. Some difficulty arose in the Colonel's select of a friend. There were a dozen who would w tingly have obliged him with their company, I they were all, unfortunately, under recog zinces to keep tho peace, and no choice reman but to take with him a little Scotchman who I been Adjutant to the regiment. A worse arti could not have been selected, for to all explos matters, beyond a blank cartridge, Johnny - had as great an antipathy as 'a hurt wild due Gladly would he have declined the honour 1 he dared, but one roar upon parade from t commander would shake his nervous system an extent that a week's repose would scarce re-establish. In fear and trembling he obey the mandate, and before day had broken, fou himself ensconced in a post-choice withhis forn commander, and en route to the field of glory The Colonel had chosen Johnny fromnecessi and, on the road, he endeavoured to indoctrin the little Scotchman in the arcana of a passi of arms. Alas .' the personal alarm of the e adjutant rendered him thoroughly oblivious to tin cunning points and practical directions for co duct on the sod. And when he alighted frc '? the leathern conveniency " on the batt! ground, he was a sadder, but nota wiser, m than when he had mounted the vehicle. I have been present at half a score duels in r youth,but this I shall never forget. The Col nel sate in the carriage until all the preparatio were completed, pistols loaded,ground measure and firing signal agreed upon. An Irish di was then fashionable and well attended. A mirers of both combatants were numerous ; ai at the twilight of a December morning, the were an hundred of the Mo.i tagues and Capule upon the ground. Some of them must have bei on thc road half the night ; for after a drive fifteen or twenty miles, there they were aûectiot ately in waiting. Where people understand their trade, ns Ni poleon used to observe of his gcnerals.it is mai vellous how quickly matters are concluded. Tl Colonel's assistant was profoundly ignorant i all appertaining to the duello ; but the Ensign was a pearl above price, and his experience i once brought conclusions to the issue. Tl commander was informed in a very tremuloi voice by the little Scotchman, that "all wa ready," and, assisted by a brace of lovin friends'; he descended from the vehicle. Durin the preliminaries his ex-Adjutant had not rise in his estimation, and at the termination of tl; combat. Johnny T ??- was in worse favou than when more than once before he had mobbs the regiment. The pistols were presented ; til word to fire was given ; thc Colonel had covert his lean opponent accurately. The Ensign, wit excellent taste, had declined lo pruclise at th bombard he was opposed to. Thc commander' ball passed through his opponent's hat, cai ry in: with it thu whole of thc «lute silk lining, and, « the same time, nearly dislocating his own wrist In fact, the poor little Scotchman had, from \¿ iioranue und alarm, over-loaded the weapon four fold ¡ and yet he did the state some service. Tin ball, as a consequence, rose ; and a most corree line of lire, on the Colonel's part, demolished i bad hat in place of popping iutJ a pericranium His young antagonist instantly advanced, am oiTered a manly apology. It was as manfully riceived, and the combatants rep tired to the dwil ling of the Ensign's friend very lovingly, ant; in tho Colonel's equipage. Although a perfect reconciliation touching the salt-spoons had been fortunately effected, tin Scotch Adjutant never was forgiven ; and feel- ingly would the poor Colonel, over his fifth tum- bler, compinia ot the number of valtuOle mem- bers of society who had gone to their accounts through the instrumentality of a stupid second like Johnny. T-. "Between every twinge of gout as we went along," he said, "I told tho little scoundrel that for a bore of four-and-twenty, and a patent breech, a pinch of powder was sufficient. Look what a kettle of fish he made of it." "Well, my dear Colonel, was it not all tho better in the end P IC-- escaped from being made a ghost, and you from holdiug up your hand at the next assizes." "Faith! Mr.-, I believe you're right." "I'm sure I am. Now, Colonel, from your amplitude of condition, no man who could bit a turf-stack could miss you ; and if little Johnny had profited by your instructions, and only used a pinch of powder, Instead of doing mortal damage to a hat, you wuuld have injured a head irreparably. And'What would they say in England P' as the Iron Duke observed on the day of Waterloo. Why that you were just worth a salt-spoon a head." "Did you ever tee a shot directed so clean be- tween the eyes P ' May Cromwell's curse alight upon you, Johnny Taylor !" "Never mind, Johnny Taylor. I hear that the woods under Benmore arc full of cocks. Tho devil take all salt spoons, but for them 1 should have been able to have despatched a basket to landon by this mail. Acid, Colonel, if you could but see the fair applicant ! one glance of'her hazeleye would be worth ten thousand salt spoons!" A heavy twitch of gout Interrupted the re- joinder. The commander repaired to bed, and I to Curnigashlawo. That evening I bigged fif- teen couplo and a half, and redeemed my pro- mise next day by their transmission to as sweet a girl as evor committed murder tu tho parterre of the opera by a killing smile from a side-box. J 