UPTOWN TALK FOR FEB., 1849. " Lord Minto," says the Borderer Advertiser, V ba addressed a letter to Sir W.Scott, of Ancrum, calling attention to ytxtraracant expenditure in the county of Roxburgh."— His lordship should do the same to the State, or devote him self solely to his county — his first public love. His grandfather (Sir Gil bert Elliot) gives him a hint : " Ah, give me iny sheep, and my sheep-hook xestore i Ahd I'll 'wander .from love and Amynta no no more !' < The National attribntes the greater frequency of money lending advertise ments in the daily papers to the meet ing of Parliament. | Conciliation Hall has been taken for chapel of 'ease to the Roman Ca- tbolio chnroh of St. Andrew, Dublin, wltwae a chapel of ' agitation for the Roman Catholic church before, People have'long since heard of " golden prospects" and " golden opi nions from all sorts of men." The Amerioan papers how call going to Ca- / , lifornia " prospecting." Of the " gol den. opinions'' that - attract all sorts " of men thither we'need not speak. \- The Morning |Poit applies a well- known rhyme (slightly altered) to the r givings-way of the Whig ministers when ' beaten,- or likely to be beaten— "'A woman, a spaniel, and a ministry, The moro you best them, the belter they be. The Cambridge Advertiser thinks that California will be literally pookeled before it. is peopled, \ The Preston Chronicle seems to think that Mr J. O'Connell will hardly succeed in his attempt to play the part of first Irishman" am >ng the supernu meraries of the House. The Nonconformist says of Sir R. Inglis : " In all matters relating to the establishment, he is genuine black- letler edition of Parliamentary member ship, far more interesting to the curious than useful to the inquiring." ' On Tuesday.' says the Boulogne Gazette, 1 the French and English bachelors gave a grand hall at the Cite d'Herleu, where, we are informed, some 700 ices and a quarter cask of Madeira were demolished. The Daily News asserts : ' No Whig has been found for the last year to open his mouth or express a frank or bold opiuion, such as people less in formed might look up to or adopt, and which might serve as a watch-word or guiding post to the followers of a party.' The President visited the Paris Bourse on Tuesday at half-past one, and was received with enthusiasm, the place resounding with cries of ' Vive Louis Napoleon !' He was unattended by any escort. The Manchester Examiner shows that during the two years ending June, 18-18, the amount paid in Manchester for relief of English casual poor was £21,405, and for Irish casual poor, £29,900. The Spalding Free Press reports a county ' court case in which an innkeeper sued a young man for 12s for refreshments. The youth resisted, contending that the refreshments were supplied to him by the innkeeper's fair daughter, whom he was then wooing ; but . he was ordered to pay the amount. The Dumfries Courier warns Scotch men in Encland against a fellow who is plausible, pretends he is going to be married to some old neighbour's daughter, and so introduces himself and victimises them. He is pious withal, expressing himself dreadfully shocked at the way in which the Lord's day is spent in England. ' Why such a town as Tliirsk,' re marks the Daily News, ' should send a representative to Parliament is, indeed, a myslcrv. There is nothing to repre sent. The addition of ' a stop' to their church organ would be to the people there of far superior importance to any foreign treaty that Lord Palmerston could frame.' Punch considers that the longest jour ney to the Bank is ' going round by California.' The Northern Whig pronounces Arch bishop M'Hale ' the most tyrannical and detested high priest of the day in the United Kingdom, not even excepting his brother, Dr. Philipotts, of Exeter.' The Scottish Press states that accor ding to the present Free Church system, the minister who is calculating on £400 to-dny, may, by the arbitrary decision of his Deacon's Court) be reduced to £200 to morrow. A private correspondent of tbe Mor- n'ng Herald, wriiirg from Malta on the 3rd, says ' 1 There is nothing of any particular importance to record since the dispatch of my last, except the arrival of Dr. Bowring, en route to-China.' The Cork Examiner gives advice which Mr Smith O'Brien may now wish he had heard, and regarded, some months back : ' Let the rude brand of of iron be flung aside for the polished weapon .of ' mind." The Board of Trinity College, Dub lin, has conferred the honorary degree ofLL.D. on Mr. JamesTownsend Mac- kay, author of tbe ' Flora Hibernica.' The Morning Post asks concerning John of Tuam's promise to send the bounty, of the Irish lo Rome : ' But what is to be done at Rome with the ' bounty' for the Pope. Rome has dis missed the Pope, if we mistake not. Is it that wherever the Pope is, ' that' is Rome ? Is it that he carries Rome about with him?' The Bristol Gazette (Thursday) says — 1 We understand that at a meeting of the Dean and Chapter held yesterday, a resolution was agreed to ' rescinding their former order' for discontinuing the intoning of the service. We presume as a matter of course the old practice will be returned to.' The New York Journal of Commerce says — ' We advise persons going to Ca lifornia, by all means to take with them at least six months' provisions, and twelve would be better.' The Sultan of Turkey has lately given permission to the Jews to build a syna gogue, or, as they prefer to call it, a temple, on Mount Aion. A singular speculation is said to be stkried in New York, namely, the fitting tip of a vessel to convey 400 females to California! A correspondent says that when the Times recommended an issue of- three penny pieces to banish vagrancy from the streets, one thing was unmentioned —the use to whieh a certain clais put the present threepences ; lo wit, how best to pass them. for fourpennies. ' Not only,' says the Stamford Mer cury, 1 has the tide of popular opinion set in against Old Mother Church, but the actual tide of the sea has damaged the foundation of Boston church ; lliat beautiful little edifice, however, which has outlived one set of theological opi nions, will probably soon witness the termination of another.' The Suffolk Chronicle states that the Norwich potters intended to present the Swedish Nightingale with some new Punch gives us The Female Prero gative Court. — A woman's will knows no codicil.' " Green cropping," remarks ihe ' Wa terford Chronicle,' " thorough drainage, and sub-soilin.', are as sagely talked ol as if the Irish tenantry possessed all the wealth of (lie Indies. Where is the use of cajoling the famishing people by sunli transparent humbug." 'La Democratique Pacifique' inti mates that when the existence of lire French ministry was recently compro mised, M. Mold whispered to Odillon Barrot : " Overwhelm them in a question of prii ciples.'"— Good advice, if it (and the principles) we e honest, and catried out. " The demand for 'arsenals," the Guernsey Comet considers, " is a natu ral sequence of the folly of maintaining the militia on a war footing. We are already paying too dearly for our whistle."— So are we. The Jewish Chronicle remarks with honest pride of some foreign parlia ments : " In no instance had the electors reason to repent their choice of a Jewish representative." At a lerenl financial reform meeting in Norwich Mr. G. Dawson said : " He would not join in the abuse of the Re form Bill. H« had learned to be thank ful for small mercies, for, like the ser vices of the mouse lo the netted lion, it was not to be despised." The London correspondent of the Scottish Ptess writes: "I have heard that chimneys are now con-tructcd to consume their own smoke. Whosoever invent the means of compelling both Houses of Parliament to consume theirs, will deserve well of their country." The Western Times mentions two di lapidated houses in Teignmouth which have been for some fourteen years, and are still (but cannot long continue) a standing reproach to tne uourt ot Chancery. The Principality informs ui that the Bute Testimonial Fund is to he ex pended in a colossal s'atue to the late marquis at Cardiff. Some subscribers advocated an agricultural college, alms houses, or a sailors' home as a more fil ling testimonial. The Darlington Times says of the nuns of Mount Carmel, a convent in the neighbourhood : " We nsk, who are they ? — whence they came (for the building is quite new) ? but we ask in vain. A figure gliding through the garden, with book in hand, has been ob served, but this lias been tbe greatest extent of knowledge obtained," An Isle of Skye 'correspondent of the Inverness Courier aays : " It is provok ing when one engages a servant girl he:e, that you will find, perhaps, that she has neither clothes nor shoes fitted for her work, but as much tawdry iace about iier cap as would go far to pay for both." Radicalism is fast finding its level," says the Sunderland Times. We are glad of it, fur the Gateshe-td Observer shows that the level is a higher instead of a lower, one. "Thee's a. good— " but the quotation is hacked to death, poor thing. At a late meeting in Norwich Mr Parry said : — '» I will not tell you what 1 last heard respecting the Duke of Marlborough, because if I were to tell you that a man was brought up in a police conrt and fined 5s for being drunk, that would be slander and action able." In an article on the necessity of me dical provident institutions, a corres pondent of the Medical Times says : — " In Great Britain alone nearly 30,000 medical men toil without amassing a competency for old age." The Bucks Advertiser tells how hun- dreds at Aylesbury have been per plexed, and led to believe a ghost was at work, as there was a constantly recurring knock knocking at a cot tage door without any ' visible agency. How monkeys do resemble men ! The Doncaster Gazette tells of a chimpanzee, recently given to Lord Filzwilliam and kept at Wenlworth, which is very fond of wine. The London correspondent of the Liverpool Albion thinks that the John O'Connell lot are the most melancholy mumblers that ever inspired a man to anathematize the invention of short hand, and that their extirpation would be cheaply purchased hy the mortgage of the original sheepskin of Mgnaa Charta itself. The Paris correspondent of the Li terary Gazette writes: — "I have heard many enthusiastic admirers of the art bitterly lament that music is on the de- cline in this country, notwithstanding the interest which it is still the fashion to appear lo take in it." '.' It is with regret we (Sligo Cham pion) perceive that an attempt, and, op to this, a successful attempt, has been made to revive Orangeistn in Sligo," Abingdon is gazetted as the future assize town for Berkshire, instead of Reading. The bad accommodation for the despatch of judicial business in Reading is said to be the cause of the change. The French Government has decided on sending an engineer to examine the gold and quicksilver mines in Califor nia. Orders have been given lo pre pare a ship- of-war lo convey him to his destination. " It is rumoured," says the Bristol Mercury, " that Earl Fitzhardinge has wholly withdrawn his support from the Liberals of this city." — In a proper state of things a peer would have no ; support to withdraw. Ilibcrnico - American'' says that many of the Irish fugitives in America are sadly disgusted with their country men at home, Rcilly and others fore told a million of deaths from famine through British misrule last year, and the people have disappointed them. The Bath Journal exposes a diabo lical suggestion. A meeting of land- owners has passed a resolution' calling on the directors of the Great Western Railway, with whom a line from West- bury to Salisbury is in alliance, " not Is delay carrying it out lo completion, to the injury of the land holders, and the disadvantage of lite dis trict generally." The Nenngh Guardian mentions that a lvilrusli collector had returned a rate of £8 as irrecoverable on a farm which, on inquiry, was found lo have been in the occupation of the collector him self, who had received the produce of ihe crop. Several of the French papers throw ridicule on the statement that a terrible and murderous conspiracy among the Red Republicans was to have been con summated on Monday fortnight. La Democratic Pacifique styles' it :< — " Grrrrand comploldu 29 janvier." This' advertisement appears in the' Dublin Saunders: " A high-bred brown horse, 4 yr. old, 15 2 hands, a good hunter and roadster ; or, would make a speeded fighting horse." The Ulster Gazette remarks : ' His breeding is not stated, but it is probable he is by Brian Boru.' Drunkenness seems to have its own Scottish phraseology. The Arbroath Guide says : ' The young man had been regularly on what is sometimes called a sometimes a spin, by some the bail, and by others the batter : but which may bo termed, in forcible, but not grammatical language, ' mad drunk.' This last iou.uuu, remarks the Times is only a two -hundredth part of what we have given or ' lent' to Ireland since the famine set in ; yet, for one reason or other, it makes more stir thnu all the rest put together. We (Preston Chronicle) this week noticed in the columns of a contem porary a paragraph respecting the Irish State Trials ; they are referred to, by a typographical error, as the Irish Stale Trials. " Tho Prince of Carrabns," says the Daily News, better known as ' Puss in Boots,' never was currently reputed lord of one-half the extent "of roadside pro perty which you will find belong to Lord Fitzwilliam at Mai ton. The Town is his, and all that dwell in it." There have been great takes of mnck- arel at Plymouth this week. On 1 burs day upwards of 3,000 hampers (each containing about 120 fish) were for warded by railway to London, Bath, fee. besides from 300,000 to 400,000 fish sold to French barques. 