-r''-MircH-*AT)b~*ABbu'T NoTHiNQ.''n7,Qnygfoingrtoij; thepolice. office, on 'Wcdriesdayi.''.moivnjng:!jV^)(pb-ji served a uiimbcr of people * collected about'il.e'ner- Vj geticaliy ehsfage'd in- cbnVersttition;:'-'On'..ehquir|ng-^* into the occasion of so much appart'h't* cxyitPiiient, we' were informed by an honest 'Hibejrrijan^'tliat.jan/. individual named ' Fjsher' liad^ .thcj^lii^, previous, , been almst ' murthered 'intl'relyV ',l»X a Peeler, named , Bursford; the 'said ? —murtlicred'—indiviilu'al being -.f at the same moment' at'breaki'ast in'tlie.watuhousu. . We. wereiof course propan-d to -.hear of, something:, truly tragical and were besides under the necessity ;, of promising— upon honour— to perform our Auiy I faithfully .in— showing up the' bloody mindedas- . sassian — What theri; was our surprise on finding-, the boot wbs altogether on' ihu othei leg— and.tliat,, it was in fact t!ie — Po'eler— himself who had ..the,, most cause to, complain. The — murtliered — mail gave his name— John Fisher — and stated that He'' held a ticket-of-leave, He admitted having been '' very drunk and expressed much sorrow for 'what' liatt occurred.-. He exhibited neither on liis person' nor^ apparel any indication of violence, if indeed we except the mere ghost of a. black eye; indicted ' as we heard by the constable.— The latter was then ': desired by the Magistrates— Messrs. Richards and ' Heathurm to show them his leg. On pulling hia' trowsers.up tor the purpose, we saw enough to con- - vince us that lie had Imd a rough customer to deal, ? with ; from the ancle to the knee the shinbono presented nothing but one continued mass of bruises and' contusions— These lie alleged to have received from Fisher in a series of kicks de livered with strcngtli and vigour of a dray, horse , — Being asked whether he wished to prosecute the charge of assault, lie answered in the negative al leging as a leason that Uk1 man was so drunk. a3 not to know what he was about — Fisher being theiv fined in the sum of IOj was sutlered todepait witli a reprimand. ; He had scarcely left the court, when . a number of people rushed in and vociferously de- ' manded justice. The magistrates having with some difliculty obtained silence requested to know the nature of their business — Oh said one, — I saw that constable cruelly ill use the man and 1 want to see him punished for it— Yes and so did I— ex- :, claimed another, and didn't he refuse to tet go his collar h hen- 1 asked hint — Ah, he's a great brute —chimed in a third and (sutto voce,) didn't he takewie to the watchouse. once, when I was as sober'; as rum could make meP Jl'cre was not one of. thej parties seemed to know anything about thu state of the constables leg; they were however finally dismissed 'with an assurance that in tho . event of their proceeding against him by infor mation, .every justice should be dune them, and here the matter ended. . . ' . ', . DANGEnous. Practice.— The dangerous .prac tice of allowing; cattle- to roam at largo about tho. streets cannot' be too severely reprobated. \ On'-, Snnday last a little girl, the daughter of Mrs. Currie, was attacked near the old Court House by a cow, in a manner to endanger her life. After'' knocking tho poor child down, the. furious animal.': actually went upon lier knees for the purpose .of., renewing the assault, and in this position continued to inllict fresh injuries, until diverted -froiri'h'cr pur- pose by the opportune arrival of! Coustablcrli'inTiertyi.r. Tho attention of the latter had it appears been at-;i; tructcd to 'tho spot by the outcries of the 'sutfuriiig '.' infant, and ongoing to its tissistaiice, he rdgretfe'd ' that he had not his piece with him,- ns in that cn'sd'-' he Avould have made short work of' it by shooting the animal on the spot. On examination,. , the child was found to bo severely injured' about tho head and face, and indeed the only wonder is'thaV ' the1 circumstance whs not attended with -much - more serious consequences. In reference to; thorf above, accident the Police Magistrate lias directed ? the issue of a public notice to the. elfecc; that'infor-, mation will in fiituro be ?preferred ngainst-all'par- -' ties offending against tho 2.3rd clause of. the Towna Police Act, and which it will bo found has inirne-,' diate reference to cattle straying about tho strbdt's; ' ' "FRAILTY THY NAME IS WOMAN." - Any per- son happening to pass through Durham-Street, no Saturday last might have observed a decently at- tired female, of apparently not more than twenty- five years of age in the act of being convoyed to the watchouse by a couple of constables. As there was nothing in her deportment indicative of drun- kenness, is was natural to conclude that her subse- quent incarceration was the result of some parti- cular species of misconduct wholly unconnected with what teetotallers denominate the "soul de- stroying sin." She appeared however very much excited, and from time to time addressed to the constables a series of questions rendered addition- ally piquant, by the pure Wiltshire dialect in which they were uttered— ' What be I going to the watchouse vor'—Casn'tee tell I that? I'se not done anything to desarve it, and if I have let l's husband zay it— " He knows better nor that I'm zure ; — but ye be's all aloike, its no use talking to such people. Ye didn't find I drinking and guz-, zling yall did'ee. — No I dosen't make a practice of it. not I, and yet I be going to the watchouse." These exclamations producing no other efFect tlian' of calling up a smile on the countenances of her conductors — the unlucky fair one. was. reluctantly ? compelled to suspend them for want of breath. Being finally lodged iu the watchousu we saw ho '; more of her until the Monday following when wo ' observed her seated in the court-house, awaiting with evident impatience the appeal ance of the; Ma- gistrate — The jatter functionary hud no sooner ta ken his seat tlian the word was passed for. the ap pearance of ' Mary Ann Lee' — The summons being replied to by the individual in question — Constable Hood stood forward and we confess, somewhat to our surpi ise, accused her of grossly, immoral conduct — He stated that she was an emi grant who had recently left her husband, and added that it was at the instigation of the latter, that she was now in custody— She was apprehended in a house of ill-fame — and he (deponent) had on more than one occasion, seen her in the act of de- - coy ing people to the place — The magistrate, who . was evidently shocked at seeing a young woman in other respects of decent exterior in such a predi- -:- carncnt, directed her husband to be sent for. iho latter having in a short time made his appearance his worship wished to be informed of tho means by which defendant had for the last few weiks, been in tho habit of supporting herself — . Mr. Lee — ' She has no other means your worship' than those of pro.sthition, and for my ..own, i part' I'm determini'd to let her take her cli.ince — I'm now under bail for her appearance as Ni wriness at iho Quarter Sessions, and' 1 hear she's intending; ':t to make a ' bolt' of it — Magistrate — I'll take care ?? she don't — prisoner what have you to say to all thia Prisoner (crying at the rut)! of fifty drops a minute) — '? Zay. zay, what shud I zny.lia's a. v-tjse.- .,. swearing wretch — lie kuow-'s I'm- a uancat 'opmtuv. *'. and a great deaPtb'jfd&Tfor; ufi ,( r'jfo ;3iii leave '! hn . it's true, .but it's'foair'JiisiP IqWh? yauU--rI'se i.'a good deal better away 'from '.un'fo'r lie be'.i 'always beat Ing I, he'igot arPfliier P'obiYfan „ in , 1's pliice long 'avore' Hits and I'sti'Uim't^want to zee uiv any more — Magistrate — N^^fe'rh'apV not— y ou shall liowe ver for the next ten dalys'see the inside , of, a gaol, for you appear to be:i-'|eyilly-disposed.'' On being conducted out of 'tlie'Toom; the prisoner made one or two desperate attempts' to' reach' her husband for the purpose as sTioexpressed it of giving him a pounding— ' Oh - Lard, let'Pse at'1 tin till 1 tear 'uns eyes out' was her oft repeated exclamation, as she struggled witli tlie constables— nntil exhausted at length by the 'violence of her own passion, she ?sunksullenly intoa corner. A few minutc3 more and slie was on her way to the gaol. Orphan Emigrants.— -Persons requiring the services of young girls are. informed that thero aro now upon tho road from. Sydney between forty and fifty of the late arrivals. They will, however, on no account bo hired out in any other capacity than that of apprentices, and parties wishing to engngo will, as a necessary, preliminary, be required to pro duce, from tho clergymen of tho district, a certili cato of general good. character. Child Found. — On Thursday last, as a man in Constable Daley's1 employment was proceeding on tho Liichlan Road, his attention was directed to a patch of scrub near Goombing Creek, hy a.noiso similar to the screaming of an infant. Ho was accompanied by two dog3, which run to tho spot. He followed them, and to his unutterable suppriso discovered a naked infant, apparently ushered into the world only a few minutoa. A short dis tance ahead of this spot a man and woman were travelling tho road m a cart. Tho man imme diately returned to Carcoar and gave information of the circumstances at the' Police Office, when Chief Constable Fox, accompanied by Constables Bjbihson and Daley, repaired to the spot where the child lay, and took charge of it. Tliay also appre pended the man and woman' in the cart, whoso names have not transpired, on suspicion that the woman is tho mother.of the' infant, who is deposited in the care of Mrs. Rogers, wife of Dr. llogcrs, of Carcoar, and is doing well. An investigation into the circumstancs was to have takon' place at the Police Office on Thursday, but the result will not reach us until tho retumot'. tho next Carcoar mail. Inquest at O'Connell Plains.— On Sunday, last, an inquest was held at O'Connell Plains, be fore Captain Sutherland, coroner, on view of the body of Patrick Varden, who met his death under the following melancholy circumstances. Deceased was in the employ of Mr Harris, and had been so for the last nine years. On Saturday evening he went to the house of' a man named Lincoln, who was suffering under the effects of a bite inflicted on him by a ferocious dog. In tho course of con versation, the invalid enquired whither in his (Var ney's) opinion a dose of salts wouId be beneficial to his case. On receiving an answer in the affirmative, he observed that he had some in the house which he would take the following morning. Varney then said that he would have no objection to take a dose himself as he had latterly not been in the best of health. His friend upon this hastened into an inner apartnent, and returning with a bottle containing what appeared to be salts, desired him to help himself. Deceased did so, and in the course of a few minutes was attacked with every symptom usually attending poison. His master, Mr. Harris, was immediately sent for, who, after very judiciously administerng some grains of tartar emeric, despatched a man and horse to Bathurst for medical assistance. Dr. Machattie, with his usual, promptitude, was soon upon the spot, but death had arrived before him. On a post mortem examination of the body, it was found that deceased owed his death to the circumstance of having taken oxalic acid in mistake for salts. The poison was contained in a bottle formerly appertaining to a medicine chest. The man Lincoln was exonerated from all blame, and a verdict of accidental death was the result. We aro enabled to state on the authority of Dr. Machattie, that common chalk, or in its absence, even the scrapings of a plaster wall has been found to operate as an effectual antidote in cases similar to the above. Postponement of Sale, — The public are in formed that the Sale of Horse Stock, advertised by Messrs. Sloman and Tress to take place on this day, Saturday, Oct. 27th, is postponed to Wednes day next. ? 