Miseries of an Omnibus Conductors BY A CAB OF TEN YEARS' STANDING. It isn't pleasant, I can tell yet to be suspended, like Mahomet's coughing, 'twixt Heaven and earth all day, come bad weather come good come rain, snow, or ale. Neither is it quite haygreeable to have a big fist a nocking at ye, just as if a gemmen inside couldn't ax ye to stop without breaking the glass of your silver watch, and robbing ye of your breath. I calls it nuffin more nor less than a reg'lar butter, but people imagines, I really believe we have got no bowels, 'eos we're 'Bus Con- ductors; these experiments and pleasant the There's summat else two that tries us more ticklarly than another, and that's a big bull fresh from Smitheel, and as black as your hat, which comes behind you, and sharpens his 2 horns on the soft part of your 2 calf, and the policeman axes you, as cool as Joseph Hey-day, of ye're going to stick there all day - just as if you were a mutton pie, and was only made to be tossed for. I can't and won't stand such things, that's flat Again, it quite takes you off your legs when you're seized round the waist, and hung over the door, for all the world like an osier's Golden Flees, 'sees an insider is too proud to tell ye to stop. All umbrellas, if I was a 'bus proprietor should be put down by act of Parlement there the news ances of public vehicles. Either they're being lost or mislaid, or stolen, or they turns the 'bus into a water- ing cart, or they raises a storm 'twixt two opposite gentlemen, specially if one on 'em is Irish with ducks, or else they're thrown out of window to look us and eye for one don't like it. I mean to say this, that there should be some plan of communication between the conductor and his Fair. I, don't ax for the Lectric Tallygraff-^that's absurd nor a bell, much less a check string, which brings us to the hold hackney coach, nor a trumpet, but some easy thing that will tell me what my insides want. How can I guess what a fellow stuffed at the bottom of the 'bus wishes? And I'm tired of having my leg pulled off, and the soul torn ruthlessly out of my Blucher whenever its needful to " hold hard." But no matter ; my leg might go, if that was all, but I do not like my coat tugged, as if it were a bell pull, every minute. Its useless going one's skirts on, they're sure to come off again the next day, and a Spen- ser or a military jacket doesn't look well on a Conductor, for I tried it, and all the Strand and Cheapside failed, and I never felt so exposed or so small since I ran from Paddington to the Bank. I thought of pinning spring guns on to my coat tales, and of filling 'em with crackers, or a live badger, but it never would do for I've jump. to this conclusion since I have hopped on and off my Perch for the last ten years, and that is, the real badge of our order is suffering. All hands are raised again the 'Bus Conductor. He never has a good word for nobody-he only comes in for the bad sixpences ! I shall go over to France, and get my guinea a day like a Gent by sitting in the National Assem- by. Anythin is better than this where and care of won a hole assistence. THE TETTERBY FAMILY A small man sat in a small parlour, partitioned off from a small shop by a small screen, pasted all over with small scraps of newspapers. In company with the small man was almost any amount of small children you may please to name-at least it seemed so; they made, in that very limited sphere of action, such an imposing effect in point of numbers. Of these small fry, two had, by some strong machinery, been got into bed, in a corner, where they might have reposed snugly enough in the sleep of innocence, but for a constitutional propensity to keep awake, and also to scuffle in and out of bed. The immediate occasion of these predatory dashes at the waking world, was the construction of an oyster shell wall in a corner, by two other youths of tender age on which fortification the two in bed made harrassing descents (like those accursed Picts and Scots who be- league the early historical studies of most young Britons), and then withdrew to their own territory. In addition to the stir attendant on these inroads, and the retorts of the invaded, who pursued hotly, and made lunges at the bed- clothes under which the marauders took refuge, another little boy, in another little bed, contributed his mite of confusion to the family stock, by casting his boots upon the waters in other words, by launching these and several small objects, inoffensive in themselves though of a hard substance considered as missiles, at the disturbers of his repose who were not slow to return these compli- ments. Besides which, another little boy the biggest there, but still little-was tottering to and fro, bent on one side, and considerably affected in his knees by the weight of a large baby, which he was supposed by a fiction that obtains sometimes in sanguine families, to be bushing to sleep. But oh ! the inexhaustible regions of contemplation and watchfulness into which this baby's eyes were then only beginning to compose themselves to stare over his unconscious shoulder ! It was a very Moloch of a baby, on whose insatiate altar the whole existence of this particular young brother was offered up a daily sacrifice. Its personality may be said to have consisted in its never being quiet, in any one place, for five consecutive minutes, and never going to sleep when required. " Tetterby's baby " was as well known in the neighborhood as the postman or the post-boy. It moved from door-step to door- step, in the arms of little Johnny Tetterby, and lagged heavily at the rear of troops of juveniles who followed the tumblers or the monkey, and came up, all on one side, a little too late for every thing that was attractive, from Monday morning until Saturday night. Wherever childhood con- gregated to play, there was little Moloch making Johnny fag and toil. Wherever Johnny desired to stay, little Moloch became fractious and would not remain. Whenever Johnny wanted to go out, Moloch was asleep, and must be watched. Whenever Johnny wanted to stay at home Moloch was awake, and must be taken out. Yet Johnny was verily persuaded that it was a faultless baby, without its peer in the realm of England, and was quite content to catch meek glimpses of things in general from behind its skirts, or over its King flapping bonnet, and to go staggering about with it like a very little porter with a very large parcel, which was not directed to anybody, and could never be delivered anywhere. The small man who sat in the small parlour, making fruitless attempts to read his newspaper peaceably in the midst of this disturbance, was the father of the family, and the chief of the firm described in the inscription over the little shop front, by the name and title of A. Tetterby and Co., Newsmen. Indeed, strictly speaking, he was the only person- age answering to that designation, as Co. was a mere poetical abstraction, altogether baseless and impersonal. Tetterby's was the corner, shop in Jerusalem buildings. There was a good show of literature in the window, chiefly consisting of picture-news- papers out of date, and serial pirates, and footpads. Walking-sticks, likewise, and marbles, were included in the stock in trade. It had once extended into the light confectionery line ; but it would seem that those elegancies of life were not in demand about Jerusalem Buildings, for no thing connected with that branch of commerce remained in the window, except a sort of small glass lantern, containing a languishing mass of bulls'-eyes, which had melted in the summer, and congealed in the winter, until all hope of ever getting them out, or of eating them without eat- ing the lantern too, was gone for ever. Tetterby's had tried its hand at several things. It had once made a feeble little dart at the toy business for in another lantern there was a heap of minute wax dolls, all sticking together, upside down, in the direst confusion, with their feet on one another's heads, and a precipitate of broken arms and legs at the bottom. It had made a move in the millinery direction which a few dry wiry, bonnet-shaped remained in a corner of the window to- attest. It had fancied that a living might lie hidden in the tobacco trade, and had stuck up a representation of a native of each of the three integral portions of the British empire, in the act of consuming that fragrant weed ; with a poetic legend attached importing that united in one cause they set and joked, one chewed tobacco, one took snuff, one smoked; but nothing seemed to have come of it-except flies. Time had been when it had put a forlorn trust in imitative jewellery, for in one pane of glass there was a card of cheap seals, and another of pencil cases, and a mysterious black amulet of inscrutable intention labelled ninepence. But, to that hour. Jerusalem Buildings had bought none of them. In short, Tetterby's had. tried so hard to get a livelihood out of Jerusalem Buildings in one way or other and appeared to have done so indifferently in all, that the best position in the firm was too evidently Co.'s ; Co. as a bodiless creation, being untroubled with the vulgar inconveniences of hunger and thirst, being chargeable neither to the poor's rates nor the assessed taxes, and having no young family to provide for From Mr. Bicheno New Christmas Tale of the " Haunted Man ; or, the Ghost's Bargain." 