THE THEATRE. Because of the altogether insufferable ffpgree of langour for these several past weeks, which have, as it were, nearly mesmerized half the town to a stupid indifference, and the other half being " Kaliforny mad," there has been a regular damper to all amusements— almost d. pdiue ai ine iootstep ot every man's door. Un the one hand, influenza seizes hold of a family head and liecls ; and at the next, California gold digging has turned all their heads. It is really a mtrveille that there have been any Theatricals at all ! And, but for the " irrefragable" bond of the Sydney ites, as a play-going folk — unrestrained in all the enjoyments of fun and pleasure, and never losing sight of a play-night — our worthy proprietor of the Victoria might apprehensively begin to shrug his shoulders up, and whisper something about--" over the left," But, all such fears are groundles— not worth a moment's thought. There is no division of interests in the rights of a theatre, as well as its objections. If the public are absurd or ignorant enough not to pationize the stage so as to make it pay, the answer is veiy simple — " then we'll shut it up !" And who are the losers then— pray ? Let the house then be determined of itself ; and wc have seen that Ja3t Monday night everything which dramatic power iliustvates, and stage discipline requires, was kept up to the mark of acknowledged approbation and repeated bursts of applause. The excellent acting ot Rogers ; the teacher of his art in that walk, Nesbitt, drew down honest triumphs. Hence, that well sustained and awfully terrific " snake-scene," which, in truth and ideality, made one's blood run cold tor the " end thereof." Passing by all things wayward — no clap-trap, no flap-door strategy, apart from the usual handy advant ages of "chair-tumbling conveniences," or stage trickery — there was indeed a scene between fear and hope, despair and safety, as could nut have been excelled anywhere ; and one marvels not so much, certainly, when Newton Foster was acted by Nesbitt, and J sabel by the prima muse of rythm and the lyre — Mrs, Guerin. ihe reception proves that the public, for their own sake, invariably give the profession a just meed of applause, when merit deserves it. Then, again, the following evening— the Macgregor night- with a much more profitable attendance, this night's acting began at once well personified and played up to. The house understood the strength of the various casts. Many went to see " Rob Roy," as such— pur- posedly to he interested in the life of a man almost made a hero of in Scottish limes ; not a few were there for the sake of music familiar to the ear. easily attested by national prejudices, and better under stood— 'reft of the musical doublings and treblings of a professor's art. And, as long as time is, these old national airs wilt be a part, parcel, and the pride of the clans of " Auld Lang Syne." If "dancing to the echo of our feet" be all very tripping and' fantastic amongst a parcel of " midnight hags," and " hell broth orgies" of " tin me and sulphur," let it go for what it is worth, and let charity give way to every man's taste. Yet, compared to the unaccompanied silent deep lament— most suitably introduced before Helen's two children— such unnatural representations will never generate a reality of feeling. There's no struggling against ficti tious absurdities after all. But what of the Baillie Nicol Jarvie, in the hands of Grifliths ?— Decidedly and incomparably without defect ; acting certainly, in this character, not in common with any man of his day. it will well bear repetition. Recollecting of old the victorious days of the drama, a play bill of the Ibili July, 1818. is thus cast for Coven t Garden — " by particu lar desire"— for that night : — Rob Roy Macgregor Mr. Macready Baiilie Nicol Jarvie .Mr. Liston Helen Macgregor Mrs. Egerton In this bill it is called a musical drama. The Herald calls it an opera ; by just as much rhyme and reason somebody should be called " Jenny Lind." But let that pass on for what it will fetch at the academy— in steel. The after-piece was Peggy Green, who presides most successfully under every circumstance of place, time, and action ; puns by accident, and " accidents" of puns. Several ratt ling " rappels" encouraged Peggy throughout. These " little things" are very well for the wind-up of a night's entertainment. No one expects otherwise than to laugh, and if one does surrender up without discretion all notions of common sense, in sitting out the absurdity of uncommon characters or characteristics (sometimes), the compensation is amply repaid by knowing that laughing at nonsense is very easy and natural, although it would puzzle Momus himself to make out what it was all about. Mrs. Willis, by the way, seems well initiated in the vocation of the boards ; and if she he not a tearer of passion to the very " rag," she has quite enough of ani mation and spirit to get through a very quiet, professional, easy maniere in conniere, and the parts " set down" for her. If she he not of the ardent and " bow and dagger" school, she is quite prepos- sessive enough of feminine qualities to he an acquisition to a thea trical corps, and progressive of success. The above was intended for last week's publication, but was omitted for want of space. The Victoria. — The week's theatricals commenced on Monday night, with what is most amusingly called an "interesting" drama, by G. Soane, entitled Lilian the Show Girl. It is but a very so-so, mountebank, common-place kind of low tragedy, to say the best of it. We declare it innocent of all plagiary, either in pathos or modern taste. In vain we looked for consistency of plot, reasonable dialogue, or play-writing attributes — nothing but blood and murderous work going on from beginning to end, with very nearly a hanging matcli at the last. The Castle Spectre fol lowed, which although of the "dagger end bowl" school, still it is not so monstrously ultra in painful and atrocious occurrences. It possesses, by the way, the passable merit of proper distances, and retributive consequences — good language, plenty of energetic move ment and stage effect. We admire, above aii, the ghost scene — delightfully acted, and materially tended to enliven the progress of mystery, by the inconceivable development and occular demonstra tion of two women, whether in the " flesh " or of the "spirit," holding their tongues still for a quarter of an hour, without speak ing one syllable, and no one to overheat them. Even if one had only whispered to the other (in the angle of '45) " Mother, do they know you're out?" it would have brought down the very Gods in thunders of applause. Tuesday gave us Guy Mannering, in its best style. There is a certain ideality made reasonable in the acting of both Griffiths and Rogers. As people cannot get cubits higher by thinking, neither can a man by mere contrivance or notion of a thing keep up such an arch look and combination of expression as they do. It is an art acquired, essentially belonging to and the property of genius and talent. The house received the opera with rupture, and at the fall of the curtain " rilppdl'd " it for another night. Dreadful Accident and Melancholy Loss of Life.— It has become our painful duty to record one of the most serious and melancholy accidents that has perhaps ever occurred in this district. A man of the name of Nicholas Carr had been hired in Sydney, by Mr. Walker, to proceed to New England, together with his wife and five children ; another man was also engaged by the same party as bullock-driver. Tins man has also a wife and five children ; on their arrival in Maitland they were supplied with a dray and team of working bullocks, which we believe were purchased for the purpose. They then started on their way, and passed through this township on Monday last, withont any accident having occurred, although the bullocks appeared riot to work well together, and had a tendency to tun always down hill. On Tuesday last, about three o'clock in the afternoon, while proceeding on their way, and about six miles from Singleton, a dreadful accident occurred. The bullocks had just crossed a hill near the Falbrook fence, when in descending the other side they became unmanageable, and in spite of the exertions of the bullock-driver, and also of Nicholas Carr, who was on the off side assisting to Keep them back they rusiied down the hill. One of the wheels got into a rut, and owing to the speed they were going at, the dray, which contained two women and ten young children, was thrown completely over, and the whole twelve individuals jerked out. The bullocks then continued their way with the dray bottom upwards until stopped by a log. Upon the return of Carr to the spot where the accident occurred, a dreadful scene presented itself : his wife lay with her leg broken , and was so seriously injured in the spine and loins that she only survived an hour and a quarter, when death put an end to her sufferings. (The deceased had an infant suckling at her breast.) Four of the children were so seriously injured, that their removal to the hospital was considered necessary : fortunately their lives are not in danger. A coroner's inquest was held yesterday (Wednesday) morning at the Fi'zroy Hotel, before Henry Glennie, Esq., coroner, and a jury of twelve, touching the death of Alice Carr, the unfortunate deceased, whoso remains had been brought down in a cart. Two witnesses were examined, namely Nicholas Carr (the husband of the deceased) and Patrick Carr, his brother, who was also accompanying them ; v.lien in addition to the above facts, both witnesses spoke as to the want of competency of the bulh.ck-tlriver. The jury, after, having heard the evidence summed up by the coroner, retired for a few minutes, and return a verdict that deceased met her death by the accidental upsetting of a dray. It having been made known to the jury that the man Carr was in distressed circumstances, a subscrip tion was proposed by the foreman and immediately entered into; the subscription list was ca<ried round that town by some benevo lent individuals, when in a short time the sum reached to between seven and eight pounds — a pretty good sum considering the Limes — and shows that there is a charitable feeling among the Singleton folks. — Singleton Correspondent of the Maitland Mercury, September 8. New Magistrate.— His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint William Sheaffe, Esq., of Stream Hill, lilawarra, to be a magistrate of the territory and its dependencies. Extended Conditional Pardon.— His Excellency the Governor directs it to be notified that, in accordance with the Regulation dated 2nd December, 1846, the conditional pardon granted to Thomas Lawrence, per Eliza 4, has been so far enlarged as to enable him to proceed to any part of the world except the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. — Government Gazette. Committal. — On Saturday last, Daniel Sherrington was com mitted to take his trial on a charge of stealing from Mr. Wright, painter and glazier, of Pitt-street, a cash box containing £2. Mrs. Wright saw the prisoner jump over the counter, open a drawer, take thereout the cash box, and make off with the sum. She gave an alarm, and two gentlemen who were passing pursued the pri soner and apprehended him. One of them picked up the cash box, which the prisoner threw down in King-street. Stealinq from a Gig. — About five o'clock on Saturday evening last, a blue cloth cloak, valued at £10, was stolen ' from Mr. Coun cillor Moir's gig, which was standing in front of the Royal Hotel for a short time, whilst Mr. Moir had gone inside. It appears that a man had been seen to approach the horse and alter the position of the vehicle as if he had been authorized to do so, and then taking the cloak on his arm walked off with it towards King-street. House Robbery.— Between seven and half-past eleven o'clock on Friday night, the 11th instant, the house of Mr. Duncan M'Lennon, of Jamison-street, was entered by means of a false key, and the following property taken out of two boxes which were broken open, viz., 3 table cloths, 4 pair sheets, 1 dress coat, I brown great coat, 1 dozen white shirts, 2 pair trowsers, 1 dozen of knives and forks, 3 German silver tea spoons, a box containing men's wearing apparel, together with other articles to the value of £25 and upwards were stolen. Mr. M'Lennon was from home at the time of the robbery, and there was no person in charge of the house. Attempted Suicide. — About half. past six o'clock on Monday morning, a woman named Susan Ford attempted to cut her throat with a piece of glass, She was immediately removed to the infirmary, and faint hopes are entertained of her recovery. 