ADELAIDE NEWS. Our files from South Australia are up to the 20th instant, but. contains little beyond matters of local interest. Itwns rumoured that Mr. SM1LLIE was to be raised to the Puisne Judgsliip, Mr. G. M. Stephen suc ceeding him as Advocate-General. fiurra Shares are quoted at £168. The gross revenue of the colony .for 1850 is estimated at £ 1 17,000. The Corporation Bill was exciting much attention, and was be brought before the Council on the 21st August. A ineetingivns held on the 28th instant, Mr Frnncis Dutto.n in the chair, to ap point a Committee to watch the progress of the Bill through the Council. The Bill ap pears to be in : little favor, as the following Resolutions, will explain : — 1st— That it proposes to withold from the citi zens what tlicy conceive to be their just right; their control over, and management of the city police. . '2ml — That it gives them no power, either, to regulate the licensing 'system -of;. the city, or to appropriate any portion of the funds arising from this, and other similar sources. 3rdly — That it im- puscs onerous anu expensive uunes uiinnui making any adequate provision for their efficient discharge. 4thly— That, to . give efficiency to the Bill, the city revenue should be tinder city controul, and the license money, for public houses und other pur poses in the city, should be paid into the city purse, as well as all tines, fees, tec., and be ex pended under the direction of the corporation., utlily — That in consequence of the gnat ex tent of the city, nnd the large amount required to put its streets nnd sewers into a proper condition without delay, it will require much msistance from the coloninl chest, above and beyond any assessment contemplated by the Bill, or just and prudent to impose on the eitizens, to render . it effective, unless the foregoing concessions can be made, fittily.— That whilst this. Bill . provides for railing the Mayor to the office of tire Magistracy, it withholds tire privilege from the Al dermen contrary to general usrgc. 7thly — Tint no provision is made in the Bill, cither for the erection of a Town Hall, or for any minor Court of Justice in which the Mayor or Aldcrmanarc to preside. Stilly — That the mode of electing the Aldermen direct by the citizens, and not by ttre Town Council, lies open to many and serious objections. Olh — That powers should be Introduced Into the Bill to enable th" Corporation to borrow for purposes of pullfc improvements on the security of the corporation revenues, And — lOtlily — That very many other details of the Bill ure susceptible of great improvement. It is to be hoped that Municipal Institu tions in Adelaide will not, as in .Melbourne, become a mere political olub for pauper democrats, and an asylum for unlettered mechanics. It had been ascertained thnt Mr. Charles Oliver, of ICnngaroo Island, had committed suicide. The natives of York's Peninsula were committing all sorts of atrocities. A personal encounter between William Younghusband, Esq., of the mercantile firm in King William-street, and Dr. -Moreton, of Gawler Town, altraoted some notice on Friday. The lntter gentleman was the assailant, hut the former, much the more powerful of the two, punished him rather severely, not, however, without re ceiving some blows on the head and face. They were almost immediately separated. The affair is said to t have arisen, from a d omestic disagreement. — South Australian. \--His Honor the Judge and Miss Cooper arrived by the " Halcyon" from Van Die- men's Land, on Friday. We are glad to hear his health is much improved by the excursion, lie reported his arrival to his Excellency on-Suturday, so that the duties of tiie acting judge have ceased. — Ibid. We quoto the following interesting but j ! doubtful intelligence from tlio 1 Straits I Times," of the Kith Julv : — ' It will bo ox- ' i Iretuely gratifying to our renders to ienrii j ; that the long pending negociations beta ecu ! the Gi venini-'Mt and the Australian Royal I Steam Navigation Company, have at length j terminated. The c ntrnct for the monthly conveyance of mails from Singapore to Sydney, will commence from the 1st tiny of September next. The sum fixed for convey- ingllcrMajcsty'sMails is£2t>,000 per annum which amount will probably be increased with an additional £8,000 from the Nether lands India Government, for convoying tlie mails from Batnviu ntul Singapore, and rice verm. Tlie demand of the colonists at the Mauritius has been met by the Eng lish Government establishing a monthly mail communication belwctn that island and Ceylon.'1 — Ibid. Funeral of the Rev. William Long- bottom — This melancholy ceremony was performed on Tuesday. The funeral pro cession proceeded from the house of de ceased, at Hackney, to the scene of his former labours, the Wesleyan chapel in Gawler-place, where a large number of friends and clergymen, of nearly all deno minations, assembled. They were ad dressed in a brief but impressive discourse from Job xiv. 10 — "But man dieth and wasteth away ; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he ?"' — delivered with much feeling by the Rev. Charles Hall, Independent minister of Glenelg, and an old and beloved friend of the deceased. The procession, comprising numerous mourning coaches and other vehicles, then passed along Hindley street to the cemetry, and the remainder of the funeral service was performed at the grave by the Rev. D. J. Diaper. The deep and serious attention paid by all to the solemn proceedings of the day, manifested the sincere respect with which the amiable and Christian character of the deceased minister was regarded. — Ibid, Aug. 3. Latest from England.— We have had two arrivals from England this week, and our news now is down to the 2nd of May. The first of these arrivals was the ' Indian,' with one cabin passenger, and 156 in the steerage, and the second the ' Emily,' with nine cabin passengers and 220 in the steerage.— \- Times . 