THE MAHARANEE OF LAHORE. ( From the Morning Herald,) Tbe virtues of the Msrhiraoee Chnnd Known of Lahore, like the odours of certain herbs which exhale their eweetneee only when they are oruihed, eeem to have developed thrra- eelvee to eucb an extent wiLbio the last few montbe, that publio writers, both in India and in England, have grown elo quent in their commendation, and loudly denounced tbe tyranny of tbe British Government in treating eomnch excellence with so little respect. It has been made a subject of complaint that she was kept in such strict custody— so vigilantly watched, with so many eyre upon her day and night, so many bayonets pointed at her, and so many iron bars clamped around her, that she could not escape more than an odd hun dred or two of miles from her custodians before her escape was found out. The last story we observe is that she was put into a cage at Chuhar, but whether she escaped by gnawing through the bare like a wild best, or flitted between them like a ghost, is not set down in the record. The only thing that seems to be very distinctly known in some quar ters is that the', Royal lady has been very ill-used, and that a case of griev ance has been established worthy the consideration of those gentlemen who have so long been wearying the coun try with details of the wrongs of ihe llajah of Sattarah. The change from a dead Rajah to a live Ranee will, at all events, be refreshing- It is something to have a grievance with a gloss on it. i I That the case may be well under, stood, and the injured lady have fair play, whenever it is brought before the House,of Commons or the Court of Pro prietors of India Stock, we propose to give a brief account of some of the antecedents of the Maharanee's life. A perfect biography of this accomplished lady would require a large volume or | several small ones ; and, in this shape, would probably be ns popular in certain quarters as a once celebrated work, of which Mr. Stockdale was the pub lisher.- The daughter of a Sikh horse man, she attracted the attention of Runjeet Singh, in his last years of sen sual exhaustion. He heard of her ex traordinary beauty, and quickly made her his wife. In due course Dhuileep Singh was born ; but the only thing that is clear about the paternity of the child was that Runjeet was not his father. Whether the handsome, cour teous, sensual Soochait Singh, or his vizir, Rai Kesri Singh, was the father of the child, or whether a common tent- pitcher had the honour of begetting the future Maharajah of tho Punjaub, is still an " historic doubt." Her cha racter after the death of the old Lion of the Punjaub, developed itself with great rapidity; but it was not until after the death of Shere Singh and Pertab Singh that sha assumed a prominent position in tne ntstory ot tne unentai wona. n was soon after this that her notorious connection with Rnjah Lah Singh com menced—an intercourse to which, in no small measure, is to be attributed the invasion of the British provinces by the Sikh soldiery. She was, from the first, the deadly enemy of the British ; but when tbev had fairly beaten the Sikhs in four pitched battles, and a British force was encamped under the walls of Lahore, none professed, and in all pro bability felt, greater anxiety for their continuance there, until the Khalsa Brmy had been disarmed and dis- persed, and all danger bad fairly sub. sided. But even whilst she was thus recognizing the value of British protection, she could not refrain from intriguing against the very power to which she owed all her safety. Her paramour, Rnjah Lai Singh, whom she, as Regent, had appointed Wezeer, began early to foment rebellion in Cashmere, and was delected in an act of as ini quitous treachery as ever disgraced an Asiatic Court. On the re-coost'uction of the government after this event, the Renee, who svae suffered to enjoy her pension at Lahore, was before long de tected in sending emissaries to Moolraj, and hatching a plot fur the murder of the British Resident and one of the chiefs of the Lahore durbar. Her in trigues had now become dangerous, aud her private conduct was a scandal to the court. When the resident remonstrated against proceedings so unworthy, in the mother of the Maharajah, she only sneared at him. To suffer her to re main at the capital as the guardian <<f the Maharajah, was impossible; so she was removed to Shirkarpoor. There she soon began to tamper with her guards, and to attempt an intrigue hostile to the British Government with the Maharajah of Cashmere. These characteristic per formances were followed by an act of far greater importance. She was de tected in a conspiracy hatched with tbe laudable object of corrupting the fidelity of our sepoy troops. Her confidential vakeel was executed for his active par ticipation in this exploit, and the Maha ranee was removed from the Punjaub. By this lime Mr. Vans Agnew and Lieu tenant Anderson had been foully mur dered at Mooltan, and though no proof existed of the Maharanee's complicity in the outbreak at that place, there were good grounds for suspicion, and it was certain, in the opinion of the Bri tish Resident, that ' the eyes of the whole Sikh army and military popula tion were directed to the Mahrahnee, as the rally iog point of their rebellion and disaffection. A much harsher measure than tbe removal of this illus'rious lady from tbe Punjaubee tearitories would under such circumstances, in the opinion of some peopl-, have been justifiable. She was removed to Benares ; but the centre from which her intrigues ra diated was then only changed to another spot. Prom her ' rigorous confinement" in the Holy City, Bhe contrived to despatch letters to Chuttur Sincll and Moolrai. r-nnlaininn tlin following passage illustrative of tho gentleness and amiability of her char acter " You have settled matters with the British right well. Tliry quake and tremblo through fuar of you, and have lost all their ascendancy. They have abandoned eating their food, and their tongues falter. Be confident and firm. The English have no troops so exert yourself to the utmost. Givo the British whom you have taken pri soners one hundred blows each a day blacken their faces ; and placing them on donkeys parade thein through your camp ; cut off their noses also ; by these means, in a short time, not one of the British will be left in the land Collect together 1000 or 2000 able- bodiod men, and having disguised them as Fakers, send them across the Sutlej. Instrurt them to watch the British during the day, and to kill them at night. The British have no troops in this part of the country, certainly not more than 1000 or 2000 men, and at night are accustomed to sleep with no one near them. Be confident. The British do not molest me at all, being afraid to do so." Surely the writer of this gentle, feminine epistle, will enlist on her be half the sympathies of the many Sat- tarah advocates, as she has already enlisted those of a portion of the Indian and English press. It was assuredly ton bad to confine so amiable t lady in so rigorous a manner, that she could not mnnagfi to get further than Cata- niaticloo before her escape was de tected, There is another grievance, too, which seems to call for a word of com ment. It is said that the guardianship of the poor Maharajah has been en trusted to a person unworthy of the honour and unfitted for the charge. This is really monstrous. We happen to know something about this unworihy persou. He is unfitted for the duty for which he has been selected, by being an accomplished, high-minded, inlrlli gent gentleman, with extensive expe rience of Asiatic Courts. He was highly esteemed by the late Lord Met calfe, to whose personal staff he was for some time attached. lie was a member of the mission to Herat, under the late respected Major Todd ; and has since, we believe, held an appointment at the Luck now Residency. The disqualify ing. circumstances of extensive expe rience at Oriental Courts, and of high personal character, combined with great kindliness of heart and suavity of man. ner, are, no doubt, very apparent to the admirers of the amiable lady, who wou'd have blackened the faces and cat off the noses of the British prisoners, and paraded them on donkeys through the Sikh camp. 