for ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE ODD FELLOWSHIP AND PROVI DENT , SOCIETIES. . To the Editor, of the Sydney Morning Herald. n"u*T ...... - a:- . . - UBNTLBMBNr-Since you were so kind astO insert in by our journal of Friday, the 14th instant, myremarkaupon Abraham Cautious' " rodomontade of the previous Wednesday, and seeing that they have proved a reply-or what must, I suppose, be allowed in such from my provident-loving deferred annuitant, suffer me yet once more to present myself, or my discourse, to the public at large, on a subject fraught with more importance to the well being of mankind in general than the union isla! can possibly conceive. To attempt to- reply to " Abraham's" para- - graphs seriatim, would indeed be a work of . supererogation and I feel persuaded that the , cause which he so pertinaciously expenses, would, if left to his sole advocacy, dwindle into insignificance. The question at issue between my redoubtable friend "Abraham" and myself, is simply whether deferred annuitants or Odd Fellows have the greater probability of reaping advantage by their connexion with their respective institutions. Now, as I happen to be pretty accurate in my estimate of the benefits of the former, and being thoroughly acquainted with the financial management of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows, I may perhaps be permitted to institute a comparison. This I can assure Abraham I have done to the satisfaction of more profound > actuaries than he appears to be, and of those imbued with more of the spirit of benevolence, truth, and charity, than he, from the tenor of his strictures, seems to be possessed of. That the fiscal disbursements of the Manchester Unity branch of the order (dissenters from the Ancient Independent Institution have been conducted on false calculations, I do not pre- ' tend to deny ; but the " high officers, as Abraham facetiously designates those who have " duped, betrayed, and robbed, the brethren, are not alone to be blamed. The members themselves, by their votes, as a body, have sanctioned the ex- travagance with which their chosen executive are so unceremoniously accused by the incautious tyro, Abraham. And I would here inform the deferred annuitant advocate, that every shilling expended by the presiding officers of any of the branches of the order of Odd Fellows is sanctioned directly by the members of the various lodges, or indirectly by their representatives (chosen without bribery or corruption by vote by ballot in their supreme and other lodges. If members will consent to have their funds misappropri- ated, which has evidently been the case with the members of the Manchester Unity in England and elsewhere, they have only themselves to blame that individuals of the order, whether high officers or of low degree, should be denounced as robbers, I certainly think Abraham will, on reflection, perceive to be a gross absurdity. The cause of the depressed state of the funds of the Unity are traced, by sensible calculating men, not to the appropria- tion of those funds for the " purchase of sashes, dispensations, emblems, medals, regalia, and other toys," but to the prodigal allowance to members in sickness or distress, by no means warranted, when the smallness of the weekly contributions is taken into consideration. Abraham states, that in my former letter I have clearly shown by my calculations that the deferred annuitant is secured beyond the possibility of a doubt." How sor I would ask. I think it was clearly shown by me that such depositors as Abraham would not receive back one farthing of principal or interest, until they had arrived at the goodly age of fifty-at which, if my friend has ever studied the subject of longevity, he must be well satisfied that few of the sons of men arrive. Tut he informs me that in the event of a deferred annuitant departing this life before he shall have attained the prescribed age, (may Abraham live to the good old age of three score years and ten, is my solemn aspiration) his family will receive one-half the premium paid. So far so good and such I have since ascertained to be the rule laid down, although it is not so stated in a prospectus or handbill in my possession, issued by the Mutual Provident Society, and I will say the society could not possibly do less than make such an appropriation, after enjoying principal and compound interest for, it may be ten, twenty, or perhaps nearly thirty years. I cannot agree with my antagonist (I do him honour by thus calling him that he did not institute a comparison between his position as a deferred annuitant, and that of an Odd fellow. If he did not, why refer to his own position at all Why do more than call your attention to the lamentable state of the pecuniary affairs of the Manchester Unity ? Why allude to the " Mutual Provident Society," or the perspective advantage to the family of a deferred annuitant ? I pause for a reply. Odd Fellowship being a social as well as a benefit society to the members during life, and after their death, extending its influences for good to their widows and orphans deceased! brother being also, if his widow pleases, buried at the expense of the lodge, and followed to his final resting place by his sorrowing friends ; this, I say, must certainly be a superior. < " benefit society to mankind in general, in a religious as well as a worldly point of view, to all the curiously named Life Insurance Companies throughout the habitable world. It will not be a difficult matter for me to show the public, if I cannot my friend Abra- ' ham, that Odd Fellows are in an infinitely . better position than a deferred annuitant for as I stated in my previous letter, the former is ! a recipient of the benefits dispensed by the Order almost immediately after his initiation, should he be so unhappily situated as to require them. Not so the deferred annuitant, who must arrive at the age of fifty before he receives his paltry £11 per annum ; or should he die before he arrives at the ultimatum of his desires the Society will hand over half the paid premium to his mourning family. [I imagine that if any subscribing member to this society should from inability or other cause fail to pay his instalments regularly, at the stated periods, all the payments he may have made will be forfeited.] .? Now let us suppose that a sham Abraham commenced at that hopeful age of twenty to> to pay his shilling per week or two pounds twelve '<.> shillings per annum to the Mutual Provident r Society, or to any other equally well constituted that shortly after he became of age he married, and having con- 2s. tributed for fifteen years, he died. Alas 1 poor Abraham, let your ghost answer me: .. How much would your family received - : " Having paid £39, of course Abraham's family will be entitled to £19 10s." Would it not be better for sapient Abraham who is alive yet (I hope) to deposit this is. per week in the coffers of the Savings' Bank, or rather in the ' x Odd Fellow's chest r If no interest whatever were paid upon deposits in the former, there would still be the £39 for the bereaved family J and if paid into the latter, the prayer and his family at his death would receive quid pro gua > 2 at least, as a matter of right. But Odd Fellows I do not stop here, they have other duties to per- form as Christians and as brethren they visit and relieve the sick and distressed. The " insuperable objections of " Abraham Cautions," of which he enumerates five, are meagre indeed, and I should be sorry to ~ bandy arguments respecting them, for they are insignificant and puerile, smocking too in their introduction of the tone of Maw-worm; besides, as Abraham has " cautiously" declined to enter the lists again, I do not feel called upon to pursue the subject further at present ; although if he felt disposed to renew the contest, I should not hesitate to meet him in a becoming spirit. " , BENEVOLENT. Sydney, May 24. P. S.-You will oblige by giving the following remarks which I found in my last : In the 34th line, for " it was solely," read it was not solely" in the last line but four of the last paragraph but one, for " Abraham Cautious is not inconsiderate," read " is de inconsiderate 