TRIALS AND TRIUMPHS OF GENIUS. (Voiii HunCe Magazine for November.) Thoie who have read ihe narrative of the sufferings of ragged and hungry genius, a? told by the sufferers them selves in Johnson's Life of Savage, and in Goldsmith's Vicar of Wake field, will listen to the following letter, addressed to a distinguished gentleman in this country, a chapter of autobiography, with like interest ; for like those narratives it not only describes the trials, hut is written, also, with the energetic pen of Genius. The writer is Mr. J. R. Reming ton, a young man, a Virginian by birth. After tesiding for a while in Alabama, a fen- years since he went to Washington, and exhibited there the models and drawings of several ingenious and (as they have since proved) valuable mechanical inven tions of his own. At Washington he made little headway. One of his inventions was a bridge, constructed on a novel principle, or rather a prin ciple oewiy applied, and by which bridges of timber of great length can be thrown across rivers and wide railroad cuts without intermediate support. People looked and admired; but somehow, although they saw much that was strikingly original, they could not sen how the contri vances were to be made practically nseful. Fulton's first steamboat drew crowds of such admirers round it when it was on the stocks. Mr. Remington was not disco vered. He went to Kngland, arriving iu London early in January, 1847. He went, to nse his striking language, in "search of a man like the old philosopher, he sought hut for one mind capable of sympathetic appre ciation. He carried with him his plaos, a teeming brain, a letter of in troduction, and an empty purse. The story of Mr. Remington's suc cess has been told by the lips of others, as was most meet ; we leave it to himself to describe his straggles and probation. His letter would be marred by any attempt on our part a add or amplify : — Stafford, England, 15th August, 181E. My nut Sir. — I should have written sooner, bnt that I had nothing pleasant to say. I reached London on the 1st of January, 1847, without money or friends, which was just the thing I Qtsuctl niru t Ufv AuiCi1v«, wuA j-— the thing, I assure you, I will never desire again. I commenced opera tions at once, on the supposition that, in this overgrown city, I could at least enlist one man. But English men are not Americans. The Eng lishman will-advance any amount on an absolute certainty, bnt not one penny where there is the slightest risk, if he got the whole world by it. I spent the first five months looking for this man with unparalleled perse verance and industry, living for less than threepence per day. I am convinced that few persons in London know so mnch of that incom prehensibly large city as myself. Bnt, alas 1 my wardrobe was gone to supply me with wretchedly baked corn bread, on which I lived entirely, f slept ou straw, for which I paid one niirnni\V rsa v nirrtil I kamiMa ragged and filthy, and conld no long er go forth and mix among men of business. Op to this time my spirits never sank, nor did they then bnt my suffering! were great, my limbs dis torted with rheumatism, induced by cold and exposure, my face and head swelled to a most nnnatnral size with cold and . toothache, nod those who slept in the same horrid den were wretched street beggars, the very cleanest of them literally alive with all manner of creeping things. But I was no beggar, nor ever begged or asked a single favor of any men siace my arrival in England. Ask George Bancroft, on whom I called two or three times, if ever I sought the slightest favor, or even presumed npon the letter which you gave me to him. 1 did write him a note, asking him to come and witness the triumph of opening the bridge at the gardens, nod i although Prince Albert came, I never ever got a reply to that note. If Bancroft had come, and been the man .'to hare only recognized me in my rags, as 1 was, it would have sa ved me mnch subsequent suffering. 1 will not believe that Bancroft ever saw my note, for bis deportment to me was ever kind, Tbe succeeding three months after the first five I will not detail, up to the lime I commenced to build the bridge. T will not harrow up my feelings to write, nor pain your kind hejafi to reaS tbe incidents of those nipely ayjs. My hair turned grey, and ttost have died bnt for the Jews, who did jgive me one shilling down for .my pckpowledgemrnt for £10 on de'fnapd, 'ihqse' wicked robberies have amounted to several hundred pounds; every pehny of which I have to jidy , kfiiisrgue d tly ; for since my Euccees'et'JSlwbrd, not a man who can rtad but knows my address. It cost me '£10 t6 b btain the shilling with which I paid rny admittance into the Royal Zoological Gardens, where I succeeded, after much mor tification, in getting the ghost of a model made of the bridge. Every engineer of celebrity in London was called in to decide whether it was practicable to throw it across the lake. Four or five of them, at the final de cision. declared that the model before them was passing strapge, bnt that it could not he carried to a much gicater length than the length of the model. I was standing amongst men of the supposed greatest talents as civil engineers that the world could produce, and the poiut decided was against me. This one time alone were my whole energies ever aroused. never talked before — I was hag gard and faint for want of food — my spirits sank in sorrow in view of my mournful prospects — clothes I had none — yet, standing over this model did I battle with those men. Every word I nltered came from my inmost soul, aud was big with truth — every argument carried conviction. The effect on those men was like magic — indeed ilieytnusl have been devils not to have believed under the circum stances. t succeeded. My agree ment with the proprietor was, that I should superintend the construc tion of the bridge without any pas- whatever, but daring the time of the building j might sleep in the Gar dens, and if the bridge should succeed it should be called " Remington's Bridge." I lodged in an old lion's cage nut Strong enough for a lion, but by put ting some straw on the floor, it held me very well, and indeed was a greater luxury than I had had for months. The carpenters that woiked on the bridge sometimes, gas-e me part of their dinner. On this I lived and was comparatively happy. It was a little novel, however, to see a man in rags directing gentlemanly looking carpenters. The bridge triumphed, and the cost was £8, and was the greatest hit ever made in Loudon. The money made by it is astonishingly- great, thousands and tens of thou sands crossing it, paying lull, besides the great attraction to ihe Gardens. Not a publication in London but what has written largely upon it. Al- though I never received a penny, nor ever will, for building the bridge, I have no fault to find with Mr. Tyler, the proprietor, for he has fully done what he promised — that was, to call it " Remington's Bridge." The largest woodent perhaps ever made in the world, is made of the bridge. Every letter of my name is £ early as large as myself. The ridge to this day is me prominent curiosity of ihe Gardens. You can't open a paper but you may find " Re mington's Bridge." Soon after it was built, I have frequently seen hundreds of men looking at the large picture of the bridge at the corners of the streets, and envying Remington, when I have stood unknown in the crowd, literally starving. However, the great success of the bridge gave me some credit with a tailor, y got a su it of clothes and some shirts —a clean shirt. Any shirt was great, but a clean shirt — O God, what a luxury ! Thousands of cards were left fur me at the Gardens, and uien came to see the bridge from all parts of the kingdom. Bnt with all my due bills in the hands of the hell-born Jews, of course | had to elope, and came down to Stafford. I first built the mill, which is the most popular patent ever taken in England. The coffee pot, and many other small patents, take exceedingly- well. The drainage of Tixal Mea dows is the greatest triumph I have had in England. The carriage, bridge for Earl Talbot is a most majestic and wonderfully beautiful thing. Dukes marquisses, earls, lords, &c.;, and their ladies, are coming to see it from all parts. I have now more orders for bridges from the aristocracy than I can execute in ten years, if I would do them. Indeed I have been so much among the aristocracy of late, that what with high living, being so sudden a transition from starving, I have been compelled to go tbrongh a course of medicine, aud am just now convalescent. Of coarse anything once built precludes the possibility of taking a patent in England, but iu merits and value are beyond calcu lation. A permanent, beautiful, and steady bridue may be thrown across a rive half a mile wide, out of the reach of floods, and without anything touching the water, at a most inconsiderable expense. The American patent is well securpd at home, p know, j shall continue to build a few more bridges of larger and larger spans, and ope of them a railroad bridge, in order that i may perfect myself in them so as to commence fair when i reach America, p have a great many more accounts of my exploits since p came tq Stafford, but must defer tending them until next time, p beg you will'write to me, for now, since a correspondence is opened, p shafl be able to tell you something about England, j know it well, j have dined with earls, and from that down — down — down — down to where the knives, forks, and plates, are chained to the table for fear they should be stolen, p am, my dear sir, your obt. J. R. Remington. 