ORIGINAL POETRY. AN ODE TO GRANDMAMMA. Philosophers and moralists Say, "Reverence old age," And so, dear Grandmamma, I send My homage in this page. It pains me much, howe'er, to learn You boast, but of your days; A proof you're in your dotage now, Not found in wisdom's ways. Balaam was very old, d'ye see, When he beat his burden'd ass, Because the angel that she saw Wouldn't let the prophet pass. Kings, scribes, bards, statesmen have grown old In dotage obstinate, "Great" George the Third in his old age Increased the nation's debt. Old Parr had many evil thoughts And eccentricities, And many a mortal since his time Gain'd long years not like his. The Inquisition too was old That Galileo tried, Because through modem telescopes The worlds unseen he spied. Old wine is best, most people say, But mind is not like wine; Progression is the law of life, Where new lights rise to shine. Old gold is good; but rusty mail, Hung up like ghosts of men, Or spirits of the days of old, If clean'd but rust again. Old thoughts may be as good as new, Yet most doth TIME despoil, And science oft doth substitute New lights for lamps of oil. Old women breech'd have done some good, And some been awful shrews, When their poor henpeck'd husbands were The last to hear the news! Your hoary hairs I reverence, Because you've lived so long, But "Times" have alter'd, so of age I trust you'll change the song. Tell me you've got some modern blood Infused into your veins, To soothe my mental agonies And ease my earthly pains. That fine new paper shall save you From lighting "Bacca" pipes, And that, to save my smarting eyes, Your Printer's got new types. Men cast aside their worn-out clothes (Pleased better with the new), Especially the rent and torn, If out at elbows too! Ye're "OLD," but are ye, too, infirm, A cripple upon stilts, Living on godsends from old brains Where scribes are awful jilts? The modern lights of science, art Will shine in spite of ye, And set hoodwinders' eyes aghast, Though spectacled they be. Live on, old lass, may tott'ring legs Still keep thee from the grave! But never never dream again The cry "old age" will save! SUBURBAN NEWCOME. 