Original Poetry. A CALIFORNIAN LAY. Rejoice, rejoice, my rustic muse, This morning's post brings joyful news ; The canvass flutters in the blast, Or idly flaps against the mast ; The canvass that shall waft thee hence, New life and fortune to commence. Throw by your quill, you saucy jade, Go buy a mattock, sieve, and spade, No longer shalt ihou care for sheep, No more wild dogs shall mar thy sleep, For thou shall join the brave and bold, And die, or live possess'd of gold. Though thou couldst melody exhale, As sweet as Sweden's nightingale, The clink of yellow, *lear doubloons, Would gain more praise than all thy tunes. Then Lassie, pack your scanty kist, And set your name upo' the list, Of those who leave this lovely land, For California's shining strand. Ascend the vessel's pitchy side, Invoke the aid of wind and tide, And to that favour'd region steer, Where gold abounds as pebbles here; Where every hill with bullion teems, Where gold illuminates the streams ; Where every rill we'll wander o'er, Shall flash like Pactolus of yore. Think, Musy, now how slow thy gold, Comes from the haggard or the fold ; Twelve moons must fill their horns, and wane Ere thou receiv'st thy yearly gain ; Cold winter's dew must wet the fleece, And summer's sun imbibe the grease; The sheep must then be shorn as clean, As Coxcombs are by Jemmy Green ; The wool must reaah the Merchant's store, Then thou art paid and not before. A cbeque on Mr. Ball andd Co., Tells where thy Master's wool did go ; A week's indulgence in thy glass, Soon leaves thee penniless, alas! And then another woful year, Awaits thee in thy former sphere. Then thou must grasp the shepherd's crook, And whine thy griefs beside the brook; While lambkins frolic o'er the lee, And songsters warble in the tree, And all are blest excepting thee. Then haste to leave this lonely scene, Farewell, Port Phillip, ever green ! Oft have I wander'd through thy glade, And mark'd the spot where should be laid This frail machine of flesh and bone, Without a name, without a stone, To say that underneath there slept, A son for whom a mother wept; To say that o'er my sable bier, A Father dropp'd his parting tear ; Or tell the minute, hour or day, My spirit left its helpless clay. On Yarra's bank I've mark'd the spot, Where calmly I could lie forgot ; Beneath the green Mimosa's shade, The feather'd lover's serenade Should only break my lonely dream, Mixed with the murmurs oft the stream. There no Epiiscopal decree, Should regulate my burial fee, Nor tell how much per cubic square, Should cost my cold sepulchral lair. No Sexton there should show his head, Hyena-like to eat the dead, Or fasten his accursed embargo, Upon the coffin's senseless cargo ; Because its pallid freight expired, Without the fee the wretch required. Religion, Heaven descended thing ! How many feathers from thy wing, Have villains pluck'd in every age, To falsify thy sacred page ? ''Freely you get, as free impart," Is his command who reads the heart; Not so the modern Hypocrite, Who reads the page of holy writ, As Lords fl arable domains, Peruse their roll to know their gains. "Exact" cries he "thy due impost, From Father, Son and Holy Ghost; Tax every gift Jehovah sent, Make all his blessings yield you rent. Tax every babe that opes the womb, And every corpse that shuts the tomb; Charge high for every infant's name, And sell the grave." O blush, for shame! In Turkey once the dogs might eat, The hated Christian in the street, Who chanced to die, unhappy slave, Without wherewith to buy a grave ; And some with us, aeem by their work, To wish to emulate the Turk. But let them sell their tombs and graves, I look for mine beyond the waves ; On broad Columbia's woody shore, In Saint Francisco, rich in ore, On Chimborazo bent with rains, On Carolina's sunny plains, In any spot where fate shall find me, But not in this I leave behind me. As spicy Indian groves exhale, Their fragrant odours on the gale, And from the fragrance of the trees, The Oriental breathes disease, The pleasant smeil delights his sense, Though every breath is pestilence ; As bales oftimes convey by sea, The germs of some fell malady ; So has my friend's epistle brought, Disease of which I little thought. E'en now, its virus heats my veins, And febrile symptoms rack my brains; Its deadly stings my nerves convulse, Its heat accelerates my pulse; My tongue is yellow, rigid, furred, As guineas coined by George the Third. I have not seen the Doctor yet, But when I do, I'll lay a bet, My ailment's yellow fever sure, Beyond Port Phillip skill to cure. The only remedy I know, Was tried three thousand years ago; A Syrian Leper purged his hide, By diving in the Jordan's tide; So Sacramento's wave can heal, The woful malady I feel. Farewell, my dog, farewell, my sheep, Your guardian now must plough the deep ! Oft shall he think when far away, Upon his faithful comrade, Tray; And only wish to find a friend, On whom he could like him depend ; In fortune, or mishap the same, I called, my faithful helpmate came ; Frisked o'er the plains when I was glad, Or whined whene'er he saw me sad. No harder master ever may, Command the services of Tray; May no inhuman shepherd stir, A limb to spurn the faithful cur; But be to him as kind as he, His old companion of the lea! Farewell to friends, to foes farewell, The snowy sails begin to swell, A few short hours, with favouring wind, Will leave Port Phillip far behind; While we light bounding o'er the foam, Steer towards our long lost English home. [Our friend's invitation to his Muse, to accom- pany him to California, is we trust but a poetical fiction ; as of all emigrants to that tempting lsnd, the very maddest would be one who carries a small gold-mine in his own head. On the faith of our view of his real intentions being the correct one, we have at present abstained from the publication of the letter accompanying his verses.—Ed. A.] 