ELOPE[IENT EXTRAORDINARY AT DARILT[OUTII. Whilst the peaceful inhabitants of this town were enpying their quiet slumbers, after the toil of the market day, on Friday week, an affair was being perpetrated which, so far as the heroine is concerned, bids defiance for a parallel for daring in trepidity in all the excursions ever at tempted towards the shrine of the famed blacksmith of the north. The parties con cerned are the daughter and only child of hir Haynes, retired Excise officer, and NIr Cunningham, of the firm of Messrs. Gater and Co,, Staffsrdshibe, who frequents this and the neighbouring towns, on the market days. It appe rs fromn our infor mant that the terms of intimtacy had so far advanced that the lover had been "ad mitted to the house," add everything apparenltly prospered, and all parties were tleased. Unfortunately, however, the father of the young lady, it is said, overheard an unpleasant conver atiol be tween IMr Cunnmngham and the principal of the tirm, in which the latter did not much eulogise the sobriety of Mr Cunning ham, or care to be particular in the se lection of his epithets towards him. Per hsaps a little retaliation ensued ; however this may be, or whatever cause may hve intervened, the young geutLemaa was for bidden access to the house, and the be trothed carefully put under the protection of the " blaclsmnith's daughter;" and rapid preparations made for a speedy de parture to a distant place of residence. The young lady was reasoned with, but the more this was done the more un reasonable she became, and by some means obtained communication with the swain, who, on his part, was equally loath to part with his " ladie love." It was, therefore, planned that on the next market day, or rather at one o'clock on the following morning, he should provide himself with the means of escape, which should be effected from the window of the young lady's bed-room, which happened to face the public street. The day arrived, I hbut the intervening time had Seemed to the I fair expectant ten times its proper length, and envle the night arrived, bleep forsook her pillow, her patience becameexhausted, she could wait no longer, and some hours before the appointed time she had herself escaped from the window (which happened to be a corner one) without Assistance, to the parapet of the house, and' thus she ac tually passed over the roofs Of four ad joining houses (throwing her bundle into. the street as she went on), and gained. access to a window which happened to be accidently open, passed throughthe neigh hour's house unheard, and hastened to the , Iarms of her-behold! her lover was not there, and what was to be done? She was certainly before her time, for the town clock had iust hammered twelve, the hour of ghosts and hubgoblins, and she there alone, an unprotected female, fled from the indulgent care of fond parents. But there was no ti:.!t' to be lost, every minute was an hour, and the resolution was soon come to, to hasten to the hotel where her lover usually put up, and where, indeed, he was safely enshrouded between the blankets, soundly asleep (forbid it, unless he were I dreaminof his love ') and havingat length succeeded in arousing the door- keepser fromi his first nap (and the lover too from his), they jugged along as fast as they could to the "ever faithful" Exon, and Swere made llan anld wife in proper manner, to, their present satisfaction, and, it is to ?e: hoped, to their everlasting good.--Westcrns Luominary. 