MISCKLLANEA. CONVERTS FROM ROMANISM.—On the 8th instant, two ladies, residents of Liverpool, opeiilj renounced the errors of Popery iii Holy Trinity Church, Birkenhead ; and on Friday last, duting morning service at the same church, the Rev. Dr Butler, Chamberlain to " his Holiness the Pope," read his recantation, and was admitted into the commu- nion of the " one Catholic and Apostolic Church," happily established in this land. About seven years ago, the Rev. J. Baylee, incumbent of Trinity Church, engaged in controversy wilh Dr Duller, on llie eriors of Romanism ; the doctor lias since been to Home, and latterly to Ireland, on his returu from which he called upon Sir Baylee, and voluntarily expressed his intention of becoming a member of (lie Church of England. His conversion lias made a great sensation, as he was accounted one ot the most able diFputants in the Iloniisli Church. WHEAT HULLING MACHINE.—A new hulling machine, called Beir-.'s Patent, has for some ti.rc- been on exhibition in the city of New Yoik. The Farmer and Mechanic, Tribune, and other papers, speak in the highest terms of its merits. 'J lie Tribune says its operations aie "almost miraculous." The berry of the wheat comes out emi.e, but robbed of its bronn outer covering, purely white polished, and resembling wax, Thelois m the pioccss is only about two pounds to the bushel of grain—cfial, which remains in the machine. The saving in this process, as compared with ihe ordin.ity one of separating ihe bran from the flour by tolling, is slaled to be so great, that millers will be compelled to use Benlz's patent, or abandon ibeir business. One of the machines, which will cost about 500 dollars, will prepare 4000 bushels of wheat per day for the stones. Every consumer of wheal, that is, every body, must feel a gratelul interest in an invention like this. The inaiket price of any article is always graduated by the cost ol production. Thus it has been estimated that Whitney's cotton gin alone, by its very great saving of labour, reduced the cost of co'.ton fabrics fifty per cent. We see not why manufacturers cf wheat should not obey the same la<v. Trusting ii will prove so, we congratulate the lovers ol hot biscuit, muffins, crumpets, pound cake, jumbles, bon bons, on the appearance of an invention which may benefit their pockets to the amount of five to fifteen per cent in their expenditures for such articles, A WITTY BUTCIIEII.A few years ago a butcher of Caen bought a calfol a cattle jobber in tli<> envuons. Half a gallon ol cider was to clench the bargain, and Ihe butcher jocosely observed in conversation, among other things, tirt he meant lo smuggle the calf into town in broad daylight, a ij !-> pass the octroi, or customs barrier, publicly,, without paying. The cattle dealer declared this to be impossible, and a wager was laid accordingly between the two, wilh merely this con lition ih.it the dealer should Isnd him hi-, dog for half an hour. He put the dog inlo a large sack, which he threw over hi« shoulder, and away he trudged lo the ci'.y. On reachinE the octroi he declared thai he had nothing lo pay, as there was only a dog in the sack, which he had just bought and shut up, thai he might not find his way lo his former master. Theoflicers of the octroi would not take this story on trust, but insisted on 6eeing the dogl The butcher was therefore obliged to open Iiia sack, when the dog naturally availed himself of Ihe opportunity to run away. Off scampered the burlier after him, scolding and swearing all the way. In a quarter of an hour he was again at the octroi, with a tack on his shoulder as belore. " You have given me a pretty chase/'saidhepeevishly, walking through Next day he invited the officers to partake of a veal cutlet, with which, having won the wager, he treated them and the cattle dealer.—Le Follet, Journal du Grande Mode. Why would the Ghost in Hamlet have been liable to lite Window Tax?— Because be had glazed eyes. " Oh, mother," said a little fellow, " I have goi such a bad head-ache and sore throat, too, that 1 don't believe I can go lo school to-day."—"Have you, my dear?" asked the mother, "well you shall stay at home, and lake some mediciuc." " Ii's n0 matter," retorted the shrewd urchin," I guess 1 ran go to school; I've got 'em, but they don't hurt me 1" There is an anecdota told of Fuseli, that when on a visit to some friend at Birmingham, a lady in a party said to him, " Oh, Mr Fuseli, you should have been bere last week," tbere was such a subject (or your pencil, a man was taken up for eating a live cat." " Madam," said llie veritable Fuieli, " I paict terrors, not horrors." j Pat Logan was an emigrant, who left j the shores of the Lifley for those, of the , SuEquebannah. It was the evening^'a . summer's day, and as lie eat by the shining river, willi his eyes fixed upon a ; creck, be espied a little turtle emerging from the stream. Och, murder!" lie exclaimed, in botheration aud perturbation, "och, murder! that ever I should come to America to see a snuff- bos walk 1" An Iiishman and a German being at sea togelher during a storm, vowed each a purse of gold to the Virgin's shrir.e.— The generous Irishman complied will) his promise as soon as he landed, and meeting with his more wary fried, asked if he had done tlu same.—"Nix," the German replied.—" And what do you think will become of you when you go to sea again," asked Pat.—" If te Wargin catches me lo sea again," said the German," " I will give her leaf to plow te masls out of le ship." Tell not all you think; nor take all you desire ; nor say all you know ; nor do all you can, A Coquette ii said to be a perfect incarceration of Cupid as she keepB her beau in a quiver. She's beauliful, amiable, witty, refined; full of music, poetry, ond feeling ; but she's matried Talking of such a being is like owning a ticket in a lottery already diawn. "Confusion to the man," said a carpenter, " that invented woiking by candlelight !" " Ay, or by daylight cither," rejoined hi£ apprentice, A correspondent writes to the Suffolk Chronicle to inquire whether llie keeper of a beer-shop, licensed not to be drunk on the premises, is liable to a fine should he or is wife be drunk there F The editor of the Burlington Free Press informs his readers, that hating published " Dombey and Son," and ihe Precidenl's Message, he ought lo be excused giving any more fiction for lire present. A gentleman who fancied himself a pendulum, always went upon tick, and never discovered hisdelusion until he was care ully "wound up" in the Qiieen'e Bench. " Is ibis a r.gular music hall, or only used occasionally for conceits?" inquired one neighbour of nnothei, at Jiillien'6 concert at llie Free-lrade Hall, of Manchester. "Oh! it's a regular ruusicj hall; don'l you see, the verj pillars are I fluted." | At a l<tle fire in London, while the ; engines were discharging their contents j against the front of a house, an inscrip- I lion on it became neatly obliterated ! " By my soivl," exclaimed an Irishman, ! " it's a queer time lor a joke." And ; who is joking?" growled one of the firemen. "Why, don'l you see, honey, how they are playing upon words," re plied Pat. ! A clergyman in the country was re* I proving a married couple for their frequent dissensions, which wasinth-ed very | unbecoming, both in the cyesofGod and ! man, seeing, as he observed, that they 1 were both one. " Both one!" cried llie I husband, " were your reverence to come i past ourdoorsometimes, you would ihiuk I we were twenty." | FAT AND LEAN.—A man, praising : porter, said it was so excellent a beverage tint though taken in great quantifies, it always made him fat. " 1 have seen ibe lime (said another) when it made you lean " " \\\ hen ? I should be glad lo know," inquired the eulogist. " Why, no longer since than la^t night—against a wall." A MILITARY REPARTEE.—"This day," said Marshal Tallaid to llie Duke of Marlborjugh, by whom he had been taken prisoner, " your grace has had the honor, in beating llie French troops, of conquering the finest soldiers in the universe." " J believe so too," replied the duke, " if we except those who beat them." TIIE UNKNOWN TONGUE. — When M.iurice Margaret «,as tried at Edinburgh lor sedition, Lord Justice Clerk Braxfield, who always talked broad Scotch upon (lie bench, said—" Hae ye ony counsel, mon ?" " No." " D'ye want to hae ony appointit ?" " No ; I only want an interpreter to make me understand what your lordship says." " No man can either live piously or die righteous, without a wife." A very wicked old bachelor says to this :—' O, yes; suffering and severe trials purify the heart." A RF.CENT FRENCH INVENTION FOR WELDING IRON, STEEL, AND SHEET- IHON.—In an earlben vessel melt borax, and add to it I-10th of sal ammoniac. When these ingredients are properly fused, and mixed, pour them out upon an iron plate, and let them cool. There is thus obtained a glassy matter, to which is added atfequal quantity ol quck lime. The iron or steel which are lo be soldered are fir»t healed lo redness; then this compound, first reduced to powder, is laid upon them, the composition melts and runs like sealing wax ; the pieces are then replaced in the fire, taking care to heat them at a temperature far below that usually employed in welding ; and the surfaces will be found lobe thus perfectly united. The author asserts that this process, which may he applied to welding sheet iron tubes, which never fails.—Ilec. de la Soc, Polytech.— THE PHYSICIAN'S CONSULTATION,— It is in vain to regret a misfortune when it is paEt retrieving, but few have philosophy or strength enough to practice this. A famous physician ventured five thousand guineas on the Southsea project. When he was told at Garraway's that all was lost—Why," said he, " 'tis bul going up five thousand pair of stans more." The answer deserved a statue. AUSTRALIAN SILK.—Mr Beuzevillc has submitted for our inspection several skeins ol Silk, the produce of liis emyryo establishment, and which have been wound upon the machine constructed by Mr Crichton. We have no hesitation in cordially pronouncing a verdict io favor of Mr Beuzeville's sample. Two of the four musters, which weigh about four ounces, are of a darkish white, the other two of a bright golden .color; the former being'bbviouBly adapted for (rainsilk, the.latter for fine orfraozie, .As a fine sample of that valuable product, tbe Raw silk of Commerce, we regard this result of Mr Beuzeville's latiors as a great advanre in an important department of Australia's industrial enterprise; and we have only to express our earnest hope, th-t the support of llie friends of the undertaking will -keep pace with the efforts of the indefatigable Superintendent. BUGS.—A simple method of effectively destroying these obnoxious vermin has been discovered by a gentleman at Melbourne, whore house was rendered almost uninhabitable by those anything but ugreeable tenants. The loom which you are about to purify, being secured as well as possible Irom the admission of air, put a small quantity of musk in a tobacco pipe, light it, and blow through ihe key hole of ihe door. A very few whifTs will effectually settle the bloodthirsty inmates. —Chester Courant. French paper. 