EMIGRATION AND EMIGRANT SHIPS. To the Editor of the Times. A vlsit to an emigrant ship is not one of the most cheerful things in the world. There must have been much to endure in England before that floating household would have left it.-Leading article of the Times, March 22, 1849 SIR,-You are most right in your estimate of the effect of a visit to an emigrant ship. It is, indeed, not one of the most cheerful things in the world; and it is the sense of what that floating household before one has suffered, and has yet to suffer, which makes the feeling of the visitor one of a painfully mixed character. Every step the intending emigrant has to take is one more or less of trial. I speak only of those who I conceive are fit for emigration, men of character-men who voluntarily seek in another clime a position they feel no hope of obtaining here. Misery may make domestic ties burdensome, but they are still ties. Penury may make the English peasant's home a scene of daily bitter struggle ; but it is still home. Cruel oppression may, in some localities, have made him despise and hate the employers and autho- rities of the locality to which the law of settlement has bound him ; still it is the locality in which many of his kindred have lived and died, in which he has many kindred now living ; the shadows of the pic- ture of his home and its surrounding circum- stances may be very dark, still there are rays of light in it, which he will hesitate to blot out for ever. It is the young and middle-aged who go, it is the old and the infirm who are left; the mo- ment is a bitter one which tells the aged father or mother that in a few short weeks their chil- dren, their grandchildren, purpose quitting them-and that in all probability, for ever ; these wholesale buryings of the living are, to the mourners bereaved of them, hardly less bitter than if the waggons which were to take them on their way to the emigrant ship, were biers, bearing them to a home-dug grave. It is fortunate for all parties that when once the resolution to go is taken, and the free passager obtained, the time previous to embar- kation is short, and full of occupation. There is the outfit to bo procured, home debts to be paid, the furniture to besod, the cottage to be given up; there is packing to be done. The outfit was on the late occisión of one large number of emigrants given most liberally from voluntary subscrip- tions The home debts are to be paid out of the furniture to be sold ; the shoe bill, the shop bill, the bill for flour at the mill, arrear of rent all must be sold in the majority of cases, to enable the emigrant to pay these, and to leave home honestly. Gladly would Will Pilgrim keep the clock. He says, " He could take it out of its case, and then it would scarce occupy any room." Gladly would Mary Pilgrim, his wife, keep the great cooking boiler with its well-sooted hook and chain ; '. It won't weigh much," she says, " and they are allowed to take half-a ton each." There is the great staring tea-tray, with its picture of the waggon with large white horses, and waggoner with his large white calves ; this the chief ornamont of the cottage wall, the very tray they bought for their wedding tea-party,-both would like to have this. Still, shopkeeper, shoemaker, miller's man, &c.; by their fre- quent calls keep alive the fact that money must be found- -that all their goods, when turned into money, will hardly pay to all their due. The worst of it is, that when so many are going from one locality the furniture market is glutted ; the purchasers, poor themselves, have sufficient appreciation of tho law of supply and demand to know, that when many clocks, and beds, and tea-trays, and tables, are to be sold at once, they must go cheap; they then wait to the very last moment, and in the end it Often happens that the fortunate village Crispin gets the clock, well worth £3, in exchange for his receipt to a bill for two strong pair of high lows. The teatray, and other festive furniture, in like manner, fall an easy bargain to the village shopkeeper. These are pangs, but there are worse ; -children cannot bo made to under- stand why or where they are going. What are the gold diggings of California, or the mutton boilings of Sydney, to the urchins whose chief happiness is in swinging on Farmer Bailey's gate, or making dirt pies in the road with their hands ? The " When will mother come back?" of his child, spoken to a widower, whose heart's wound is still unstanched, .scarce touches a more sensitive chord than little Billy Pilgrim's question from his grand- father's knee, " Why is dad selling everything, and we all agoing to have new clothes?" Then, when all is sold, and the family live on loan of house and all about them, comes the hour of doubt. " Is all true we have heard from the gentlemen? Are we, having parted with all we possess, going to leave all we love to find -ourselves deceived?" Then rises up to me- mory all they have heard of evil, from the sly and wicked men who for their own pur- poses, not the poor's good, tax their brains to invent the lies they dare not attempt to prove. The poor emigrants are told again and again, *' You are going among the savages-you will, if you ever get to the colony, have to serve the Government seven years as slaves before you may do a stroke of work for yourselves. They put you into rotten ship, and when it comes on to blow, why the captain and the sailors take their boats and leave you to sink. The gentlemen want to transport you," &c.; I have no words with which I can speak my contempt of the malice of those who use such foolish but cruel means as the above to effect their purpose-i.e., to detain the industrious, va luable emigrant, that he may yet toil on for his starving pittance doled to him at their hands ; nor can I adequately express my sense of the courage and confidence shown by those unlettered men in our honest intentions towards them. And now, Sir, when all is sold, all debts paid, every box packed, nil doubts as to going removed, the very day and hour of starting fixed.and that a very near day,-do any think the mental contest is all over? There is the last Sabbath-the last night ; a night which scarce gives the children sleep, for they are in Strange beds at the houses of different neigh hours ; the grown up people seek no sleep. How little do they know of the poor who think that any amount of hard work or hard usage can obliterate among them love for each other -nay, a sort of love for everything connected with the scene of their daily life, even for things which have embittered it ! I would that such could have been present at partings I have lately known. Scenes there were, and sayings in those scenes, which preceded for a few hours the starting of those waggons and vanload« of emigrants, which would have done honour to any, however gifted, of any clasp, however exalted. "You did not see our peo- ple, did you, Sir, after we had gone ?" was a question put to me again and again when I met the travellers at Plymouth, having started some twelve hours after them ; the suffering they had caused to those they had left seemed then their only suffering. Go where you will, or when you will, amongst a body of emigrants, and, if it be pos- sible at all, you will find them writing letters home, or getting them written for them. I have seen many of these letters, and it is cu- rious to observe how similar is the vein of feel- ing which runs through them all. They write With one purpose-to comfort those they have left ; although I know some of them have had to endure accidental harships, of a nature to At the time- cause no little discontent, I can- not find that one has alluded to it in a letter home; and I am sure we have brought letters enough ashore to have spread any news very wide indeed; nor have I ever lound them speaking harshly of those whose harshness in dealing with them has often been one great in- ducement to them to emigrate. Rely on it, Sir, there is right good material even in the lowest caste of English peasantry. It may be asked, what really is the ruling motive which has made so many, at such mental cost, leave their homes to encounter a longsea passage to a far distant country ? Some go from the one simple motive, a desire to rise in life, coupled with the hope that the distant land will afford them the means of rising, coupled again with the knowledge that at home there is no hope of rising. " The best man, Sir, in our village don't take more all ways than 10s. a week all the year round ; I'd wish to do something for myseIf better than that ; if I can't do it at home, why I must travel to do it,"-so spoke one emi- grant to me; he spoke the feelings of hundreds, Others go rather than bear any longer a condi- tion which make* each week a battle of life, a fight for existence, for themselves and children "I tell you what it is, Sir, we are starving each other , we be too thick in our place , the best o! us can't earn what will find us bread for our children and ourselves, let alone the clothing and the rent, when we be gone 'twill be better for they we leave if one-half had gone away it would have been better for all When the maister has to seek for labourer«, lie must pay thora what they can live on, as long as we has to go and beg a job, it is little enough they will give us for doing of it * Some few there were, I fear, amongst the many who lately left us, young and thoughtless, who go for the pure love of change, they have not sufficiently bad characters to disqualify them fur a free passage, nor sufficiently good to make any feel their loss at home, these may, and will, I trust gain the advantage of sépara- tion from idle, bad company, of the breaking up of much vicious association, thrown on their own resourses, finding the value of in dustry, with a new field open for them, I know many such have made good colonists I cannot will not deny the fact, that I found some emigrants at Plymouth-not, I rejoice to say, from this country, who had been partly bribed, partly threatened into going, they spoke with very natural anger of some most shameful deception which had been practised on them in the matter of outtit, but on the whole wert, well satisfied to be where they were, at least they were now free from tyranny , they were cared for, and, the voyago over, they hoped to earn bread, and to them, that great mystery-mutton and beef fairly slain And now, Sir, if I am asked-Do you think those ships you saw took out those who will become good colonists, i e industrious, loyal, and peaceable subjects of our Queen ? I unhe sitatingly answer-Yes Our villages do not breed democrats Will Pilgrim may have his own ideas of the justice of the rent forced upon him for the hovel in which he was forced to dwell, or of the price he paid for the bad corn, for which he had to pay best price, but Will and his class are neither infidels nor traitors , it will take years of evil teaching and unjust tGoverment to make that class forget their duty to their God and to their Sovereign , as long as there is a post which can take and receive their letters, home ties will yet keep up love of the mother country. the peasantry of England are no free thinkers , if some of them neither attend church nor chapel, they are not gene- rally the less believers in the existence of the God they may choose to slight My own be lief is, that a very large majority of the la- bourers in the south ot England have much religious feeling, that their principles do too ensily give way to temptation, I admit, but, as I was never tried as I see them tried, I will not on that account malign their faith. No, I shall be much disappointed if the future history of our colon es does not prove that from an "English peasantry, however poor and however in cir- cumstances degraded at home, may rise a race equal to any of their position in any country , a race obtaining a position in the colonies su- perior to that of many who despised and tram- pled on their forefuthers at home At the same time I am quite satisfied of the danger of colonizing only from one class I am sure it would bo sound policy to encourage the emigration of men of every class and ho- nourable profession The case with which men who were mere daily labourers here soon rise to comparative affluence in Australia, proved to me, as it his been on evidence not to be disputed, is an element in the social econo my of that colony not altogether without its danger, an increasing population will require an increase of the local powers of Government, I may rejoice to hear, ten years hence, that Will Pilgrim is a man of large property in New Holland, but I should hardly like to hear ' e is a magistrate or a member of the colonial legislature. It is not merely capital which is wanted to accompany the rough material we are now sending out, but we want men belonging to the various professions to go out Once let there be a population, sufficient to develop all the wealth of our colonies, and you will need, whatever civilized country needs, that staple stock of lntelligence and sound learning from which can be draw proper officers for God's service-expounders of his laws, teachers of His word, proper officers for our Soveieign's service-able translators of her laws, able dis pensers of those laws proper teachers of sound learning, divine and secular-schoolmasters who can train the children of the colonists to adorn and improve the position their unlettered parents by their industry have obtained. We are, I trust, at last beginning to learn what colonization is -the treating the poor emigrant well, the taking some pains to make emigration a boon to the man who would rise, rather than a refuge to the man who would flee, - these are steps in the right direction, I hail them with joy, I look to see many yet go in hope,-to hear of many, who are gone, whose hopes have been realized. S. G. O. LITERARY MEN IN PARLIAMENT.-Mr. Mac- aulay'» set farewell to public life, at Glasgow, reminds us of the striking unliterary churucter of the English Patliamcnt. The professed authors in Parliament have been few ; they have not shown, and their tenure has been pre- carious. Mr. Macaulay has been no exception. His spoken essays have de- ceived us all : extorting admiration for their literary merits, they reflected credit on the party in whose behalf they were uttered; the Edinburgh lleview was in presence, delivered orally, in sheets, pro re nata ; and the special publication made no small sensation in club and drawing-room. But how little weight it lind ! how little it told upon the debate, the vote, the relations of parties, the public with- out ! Becauso the i ffect of literature on the English mind is seldom direct, always cumu- lative ; and Mr. Macaulay's best effusions wore ulwayB literature. Nay, it was breach of pri- vilege for literature to exceed its province and intrude into the Legislature. Dull voting-ma- chines resented the being outdone by a pen- man, and would fain have voted that the " stranger" bo ordered to withdraw : only that, in violation of the division of employ- ments, he was both writer and senator. Minis- ters, no tloubt, were hampered by the exigen- cies of a colleague who was bound, even in these degenerate days, " to profess the noblest sentiments, and act up to the sentiments he professes," with some eye at least to keeping up appeaiances that would accord with the dignity of history. A perverse dislike to con- fess the influence of literature in the pre- sence of its personages, has induced our Par- liament to thwart its literary members. To be the titled author of a staid book on the shelves, is a grace allowed ; but to be a popular author re-ad everywhere, is to be ostracized. What has Mr. Macauley's presence in Parliament tlone to make the Commons lit-rary ; what has it done to benefit literature ? Our country contrasts ill with others. We see the learned Welcker taking a lead in the practical states- manship of his country without relinquishing Oriental studies ; we see in France a host of authors-so many that you cannot fix them to any one party. Statesmanship in France is literary, and the Parliament willingly accepts a literary influence. Hence a striking munifi- cence, in poor and parsimonious France, to en- courage arts, and promote learned expeditions into foreign countries ; while England, rich and munificent, crows immensely over a grant of £200 to help Edward Lane in bringing forth a standard book, and grudges a paltry aid to Lay ard for excavating the history of HI un- known era. Driven lrom the Commons, Mr. Mucauley does not retreat, but emerges into the more splendid celebrity of his study ; and if he ia debarred from giving his vote for bills, decrees with his pen impressions and opinions \- the masters of laws. - Spectator. Mr. Mofiitt's bill to exclude insolvent mem- bers from sitting in the House of Commons has been withdrawn. After some tinkering, Mr. Moffatt wished to re- commit the bill ; but the Speaker very rightly pointed out the impro- priety of that slovenly method of vamping up a measure. And, alter all, we do not see that the measure is worth the fuss made about it. Why meddle in the private money matters of 1 members? You have only to place them in I that respect on a footing with other citizens. The day has pnsied when tyrannical uses could be made of such a liability : ill fortune to the Government that could stenl a vote or evade a speech by any such trick ! If members cannot attend to their duties on account of personal embarrassments, that would fairly vacate their seats. But the good or bad state of a man's private money affairs has no relation to his fitness for the office of a legislator : we need not «top in modern times to prove that many a man who cannot keep out out of hot watir makes a very good statesman ; and at this day, members might be named who are notoriously insolvent, and who would yet be more missed from Parliament than many a man with the most prosperous account booka. I TUB HBUOEUOO.-Begging pardon of natura- lists for such an accusation, I can't help say- ing that I think a great ronny fibs have bten told about the hedgehog. In tho first place, the old wives'" fable« about sucking cows, and so forth, were so horridly unbelievable, mid yet so damaging to little hoggy's reputation with tho vulgar, that the moro erudite and moo humano became its patrons and apologists, and made much moro of him than he deserve«. Dear old White of Selborne must have been taking a nap when he told us about hoggy's liking for plantain-root«. "Tho mininer," «nys White, ' in which hedgehogs eat the roots of the plaintain in my gras« walks is very curious : with their upper mandible, which is much longer than their lower, they bore un- der the plant, and so eat the root off upward«, leaving the turf of leaves untouched, In this respect they are very serviceable, as they de- stroy a very troublesome weed." Boy and man this passage tormented mo many year«, because I knew boggy to be a bloodthirsty poacher, a regular knight-errant for attacking vipers, and a tyrant over all manner of mice and such «mall deer, and 1 thought it passing strange that ho should tako to cooling his cop- per with the roots of tho old gentleman's plantains. However, the tastes of pigs and, sien are everyjnowand.then somewhat eccentric, so I left tho matter sub judice, until chance solved the mystery. In a grass walk I «aw 8omo flattened plants of the common plantain withering and half dead ; by tho side of each I found tho hole, bored, as White supposed, by tim long upper mnndtblc of the hogyy ; but it wag scarccley big enough to ndmit a lend pencil, and so round and smooth, that I said directly to myself Ti's the burrow of a night eating caterpillar : I got a trowel, and in a trice the fellow was uneBrthed, and he after- wards turned to a ghost-moth, or yellow un- derlying, I can't «ay which, for both carno out in one cage. Tho hedgehog is properly a n> c turnal enrnivorous animal; ho prowls about nt night, like an owl, looking after the nests of pheasants, partridge«, comcrniks, and larks ; he kills the old ones if he can, and sucks their eggs if he can't ; now and then he overruns a rubbit ; but his favourite dish is a snake or an adder-he catches these while dosing under cover, and suffering from repletion caused by four or five mue lying undigested in their stomachs, tail on, and it is then that desperate fights ensue : it is then that his armour Btands boggy in good stead : the deadly adder, in- furiated nt feeling hoggy's teeth griping her back, lashes her head against a skin less vul- nerable thnn that once said to have been worn by a Mr. Achilles. Tho pluck and power of both are tried to the utmost ; but boggy is almost suro to triumph in the end, mid the adder, half devoured, is often found next morn- ing by the countrymen, who wonders how he carne so mauled.' I take it that the «piny coat of the hedgehog 'isnature's defence against the poison fang« of hi« favourite prey.-Letters of llusticu*. 