©rigiual crcrmponUcitfg. L As the People's A dtocatp, our columns will be open to all parties but wa by no means identify ourselves with the opinious of o ur corrcspo ndeuu'. J WOOLLOOMOOLOO GAOL. 20 the Editor of the People's ddoocute and New South Wales Vindicator Sia,— I beg leave to trouble you with a few observations in regard to the discipline observed at Woolloomoolloo Gaol, and I trust that if you shall consider the security of life and property a subject of as paramount importance as the political and civil rights of the people which you so zealously advocate, you will endeavour to find a place for these remarks in your journal, in order that public attention may be directed to the means which are adopted in Sydney for the correction and punishment of offenders and the preservation of public order. It is not from any desire to flatter my own vanity, by aspiring to the ungrateful office of the philantrophist Howard, that I have imposed upon myself this disagreeable duty ; but simply, 1st, because from personal observation, minute research, public scandal, and private information, I have long been convinced that serious abuses in the management and supeiintendence of the pri soners at Woolloomoolloo are tolerated by the gaol authorities ; 2nd, because the result of an investigation on this subject, proceeding upon some information given to the executive on a former occasion, convinces me that whatever might have been the sincerity of the Go vernment or of the gentlemen conducting the investigation, the loose manner in which the examination of witnesses was proceeded with, without the formality or solemnity of an oath or any form of affir mation tangible in law, was not calculated to educe the truth, and did not do so ; 3rd, because this information, coming from an indi vidual in no way connected with Woolloomoolloo, might be con sidered too superficial to command attention from the Government, or, if attended to, might lead to another investigation, another sham examination, and another verdict of approbation and a continuance of the evils guaranteed, instead of being suspended; 4th, because this communication will prevent the possibility of private caution being given in aid of Dariinghurst craftiness; and lastly, because your vigilance may find additional facts to justify the exposure of the foul excrescences of an institution which, under the best of circumstances, can reflect no credit on the colony, but may at least be made something less objectionable than a public eyesore. This, therefore, premised, allow me to add that my motives are quite dis interested and unimpeachable ; and from my private address, which is herewith inclosed, you have an assurance of my responsibility and sincerity. My attention was first directed to the condition of the Gaol, from having, for many months, observed at all hours of the night some of the large wings lighted up throughout almost every cell or ward in the buildings. The stream of light proceeding from the upper rooms being roost conspicuous, would, to a stranger, have suggested the idea of his proximity to some extensive public factory or work shop, if the lateness of the hour and the forbidding aspect of the establishment did not dispel such a momentary illusion. From the sandhills to the south-eastward, and from other greater altitudes which curiosity piompted me to ascend, 1 counted in one wing about forty lighted windows J At whose expense are these illuminations maintained ? Is the Government become more solicitous of the comfort and morality of the convicts in these times than in the palmy days of Hyde Park discipline— a discipline, be it observed, con demned by none more strongly tlian by Mr. Keck, who is the present d Governor " of the Qnol ? I could not allow myself to charge the Government with such anti-economical liberality and unwonted anxiety in minor matters. I could not imagine that the Gaoler's small salary— after deducting the expenses of a carriage and pair, and those of splendid private mansions, and balls and routs, even though free-enlivened wilh landsmen' fiddles — could afford such " festal displls of light." Besides, his stickling contentions for the inefficiency of the discip ine in Hyde Park, were inconsistent with such gross irregularities in the immaculate Woolloomoolloo, of which Captain Innes is the Visiting Magistrate, $ndas such, equally , if not more interested, i the preservation of good order and discipline. Permit me to refer briefly to the evidence of this latter gentleman, given by him before the Select Committee of the Legislative Council on the security of life and property, appointed soon after the murder of Mr. Noble. I think it was about the month of June, 1841. It will be perceived that his remarks applied to the general horre prisoners in Hyde Park, not to the double and treble rascals of Woolloomoolloo, who, according, to Mr. Keek's testimony, only leave it us their sentences expire to return to it " again and again" like chickens to the foster ing wing of their fondling mother. I may add, in the words of the song, " And a mother she was and is. to them !" By the Committee — " We have it in evidence that the men are allowed to work at various trades, and to sell the proceeds P" Captain Innes — " 1 am not aware of anything of that kind." Would Captain Innes give the same answer to a similar question in regard to the prisoners in Wolloomoolloo under similar circum stances, the Captain at the same time holding in one hand the Gaol Regulations of 27th September, 1841, and in the other the Acto Council, 4th Victoria, No. 29 ? Overhaul these documents, Mr. Editor ; they, contain many interesting sections, and are almost altogether contravened, despised, or neglected. By the Committee—" Supposing it to be true, is it in your opinion proper that they should be allowed to do so ?" Captain bines — " Certainly not." If sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander, I have another question for the Captain. Is he " particular in carrying into effect the 9th clause of the Act of Council, which authorises the employ ment of the prisoners at any work they may be enabled to perform," in order that the proceeds of such work may defray their rations ? If so, is there an account of such proceeds kept P Do the Gaol accounts for last year exhibit the saving effected in the bread and homminy rations by such labour P Is the money derived from that source put at the disposal of the prisoner for necessaries only, and are such necessaries supplied to him at the prices of such articles outside the ' walls ? Who gets the profits on the purchases and sales ? In other words, referring to article 7 of the General Ruler for Gaols, for which see Callaghan's Acts of Council, who pockets the garnish ? lift me see what else the Captain has to say about the money. By the Committee — " It would give the men the command of money ?" Capt. Innes—" It would. It would do much evil in many ways. Yes, it does much evil in many ways within the walls of Woolloo mooUoo, and this no men know or ought to know better than the Captain and Mr. Keck ; and there are dozens of people inside the Gaol know this to their cost. There is nothing that money can buy that is not accessible there ; the grog bottle, the tobacco pipe (sworn companions), are no strangers in Wooiloomoolloo. Captain Innes speaks to the purpose before the Council. By the Committee—" Are you of opinion that these men ought not to be iti the possession of any money at all P" Captain Innes — " I am." By the Committee — " Are any means taken to see whether they have any money or not ?" Captain Innes—" I think the men are not searched periodically in any way ; when the men are taken up for committing aoy crimes , they are searched, and the money found upon them is given to the Benevolent Asylum. Searching the men at uncertain limes would have a very good effect." If Captain Innes disapproved of the prisoners at Hyde Park practising their trades and earning money, why does he allow the unmitigated rascals in the Gaol these liberties P Is he cognizant of these facts P I say that he should be. He not only knows that, by the act before quoted, the money found upon the person of a prisoner, on his entering the Gaol, is taken from him, and accounted for by the Gaoler : but he knows that all monies after- wards found upon him, must have been illegally and clandestinely obtain.-d, and that to allow a prisoner to retain it, " would do much evil in many ways and therefore the money discovered under such circumstances is, or ought to be, at once handed over to the Benevolent Asylum. Now, Mr. Editor, I do solemnly assure you, and 1 pledge my veracity for the statement, that not one farthing of the results of an " uncertain visit" to the Gaol, made in December last, has yet been paid into the hands of the Asylum ; although upon that occa sion a sum amounting to about Thirty Pounds was taken from the prisoners' pockets ! Does Captain Innes know about that affair? Who has got the money ? Has the Gaoler entered the " Frisk" in his Journal, as directed by the ActP Has the Visiting Magis trate seen that Journal, with such entry made in it P Has he, ac cording to the General Rules for Gaols, reported to the Colonial Secretary this extraordinary occurrence " at the time of its hap pening ?" If he has not, are we consider it as quite an ordinary occurrence, and that the Treasurer of the Benevolent Asylum has forgot to acknowledge such ordinary godsends ? By what means could those men have acquired such a sum of money P After having worked for the Crown, according to the 9ih section of the Act, are the prisoners allowed candles that they may see to spend their midnight labour in tailoring, shoemaking, hatmaking, &c.;, merely in order that the Gaoler may exhibit his dexterity in snatching the produce for the benefit of the Asylum ? How charitable ! " Good Mr. Ghost, mine eyes could weep at sight of mine ancient friend, you look so like, but so transparent.." Another quotation from the Captain's evidence— it is so like him, so plain, so blunt, that its paternity is established : By the Committee—" Yon object to prisoner overseers j from your experience of them, should you think they would all take bribes, if they could P" Captain Innes—" In nine cases out of ten ; they are the greatest blackguards." Just so— in nine cases out of ten they are the greatest black guards. Well, I have no reason to doubt the correctness of that opinion ; but if the Captain holds the same opinion still, I will ask why dues he pei mil the employment of prisoner overseers at Darlinghurst P Is there a preference shewn for the greatest black guards P Can the greatest blackguards wink best at their supe riors' delinquencies ? Are the greatest blackguards blind to the Woolloomooloo illuminations ? Can such eye-openers shut their ears to the sound of the snob's lapstone, their eyes to the grog- bottle, their nasal organs to the tobacco fumes, and the hundred- and-one other sounds, sights, and smells that daily assail their senses ? The Captain must think that the greatest blackguards are become the greatest " spoonies !" Will tlie Gaoler, with the Visiting Magistrate's assistance, point out to me any two conspicuous places an the Gaol, on which copies of sections 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 of the Act of Council have been hung up in terms of the several rules ? If there are such copies as these in Woolloomoolio my examination has been super ficial, or my perception obtuse. The Act of Council declares that the Gaoler shall not " keep or permit to be kept within the W8ils of the prison, either dogs, poultry, pigs, pigeons, rabbits or goats, nor any other animal which can be, in any way, injurious to the cleanliness and good order of the establishment and never theless, dogs, poultry, pigs, goats, horses, and the cows of a whole sale dairy establishment are kept and permitted, without, it appears> either the Gaoler, the Magistrate, the spoonies or the greatest black guards hearing, seeing, smelling or reporting their existence.—. These are some of the results of prison discipline at Woolloomooloo If " the greatest hlackguards" are employed as overseers, turn keys, or guardians, the greatest abominations and delinquencies may be perpetrated with impunity. The den of thieves ha3 become a place of merchandise, instead of a place of correction and punish, ment. The Police Magistrates' sentences have bicome nullities, mere farces. The solitary imprisonment with bread and water is only the punishment for the unfortunate Bacchanalian— the thief, the robber, and the chainmen can purchase their exemption ; for, unless to the refractory or the grumbler, or the threatening " seller of his betters," punishment is but a name, a temporary suspension of liberty, which has advantages that liberty sometimes lacks. There is money made in Woolloomooloo by prison labour : the quantities of boots, shoes, clothes, hats and slops manufactured and disposed of by the Gaol overseers, is enormous, and must seriously compete with the industry of the poor honest tradesmen and needlewomen of the city of Sydney. The pomp and circumstance of prison government is offensive to the eyes of this Christian community; the squalor of crime needs no chariot to drag its bloated tinsel abroad ; scandal cries aloud when discretion slips. The discipline of the Gaol cannot be main tained when such abuses exist. The spectacle of puppet turnkeys with military uniforms must not offend our footpaths with its noisome brandy breath and cigars. I see that the public pays for a dozen of turnkeys, many of whom never lift a latch, and can be no protection to the Gaol. It is preposterous to permit such shameful waste of public money. If honest men are as highly esteemed, these 11 nine out of ten" gentry must be swept away ; they cannot be despatched too soon. That iniquitous back door, and its iniquitous back door abuses, must be shut up and abated. The security of life and pro perty is endangered by the discipline. The prisoners are to a man armed with knives and other deadly instruments, in their undis turbed possession ; the military guard is about to be withdrawn' and with these facts in its view, it is high time that the executive interpose its authority. I shall defer the result of my other investi gations till another opportunity, when, by your leave, and if delicacy permit, I shall turn some curious disclosures to account. I am, sir, your obedient servant, Sydney, March 15th. VIGIL. 