The Argus (Published Daily.) I .'li lu Hie place Mi.I« I it li deiil.Jil.il ol ci>u.ci«Lr« I» i(-t»< the truth, »ml lu.rotore the Irwin I tpeik, lin-.u«n It whutn lies." MONDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1849. THE NEW YEARl. How profound a pelee reigns amongs the brethren of the grey goose qui 1 Not a spiteful thing have we said of one another for a month past, and for^ugh apparent on the surface, the principles o fraternity might exist amongst us in all their Utopian perfection. Whence can possibly have arisen this most surprising and unwonted lull? Can it be that all our old ill passions are put to rest for ever, that the petty rivalries of irade are to be sunk, as they ought to be, in the one wide wish for the general welfare ri Can it be that we are really rising le a better order of things, and are en- deavouring, to study the practice of the humanising and civilising amenities of life? We fear not; such changes as these are gradual and slow, and we loo well know our discordant ingreuienta to hope, at present, for a state of things, at once so peaceful and so respectable. Is it, then, tiiHmrt ate all prospering so greatly that we are good-humoured in spite of ourselves; that the sunny gleams and favouring breezes of a smiling fortune have produced iheir most natural effects in the shape of a general satisfaction atiJcompluceucy. We doubt this solution, also, and must confess that we seek in vain for any other. Whatever our relative feelings and behaviour, however, there is much dis- cussion as to the doings of the various journals at the commencement of the year, and bets run high as to the number of "dailies" who will make their bow upon the morning of New Year's Day. In such a position of affairs we feel bound to impart a little information to the Public, and our charitable dispo- sition induces us to couple with that information, a little candid advice lo our brethren of the Press. In the first place, the Argus of course holds on its way rejoicing. It looks back upon itself a twelvemonth since with absolute inciedulity, and having done so much, in one short year, it augurs brilliant things indeed for the future. At that time upon Jerms of familiar intercourse with our, worthy Sheriff, whom (although everything that is amiable mvpriyat<f life) no man can so admire as to desire an exchange of visits of an official character ; with every "gun" on board engaged in some contest of its own; with the walls of the Gaol looming before our eyes on half a score of separate charges, and our various read- ings gradually being concentrated upon the best modes of cutting manacles, and the most daring gaol escapes; Jack Sheppard and Baron Trenck becoming our favourite biographies; we compare our stormy and troubled Past with our peaceful and placid Present, with pride and thankfulness: and we look from both to our Future with high hope, and the most perfect confidence. Starting under every disadvantage and but from small beginnings, we have steered evenly along the tenor of our way, meeting every obstacle with a quiet trust lhat all would come right, in time. Last in the daily field, and with all the disadvantages of contending for ground already occu- pied, we have won our victory with a readiness and speed upon which we did not calculate. Never doubting the ultimate result, we had prepared for a long and arduous contest, instead of which—"Hey Presto," and the fight is over. Our poor brethren have felt all lim as fully, and far more keenly, than our selves. They, arc putting theirhouse; in order, and we recommend them to hasten the operation. They are now but protracting a miserable existence and their delay will only add unneces- sarily to their torture. It must be but cheerless work to fight a retreating battle, and that cheerlessness will be increased in proportion to the absence of all hope. In strict confidence between themselves and us, and without the unnecessary cruelty of letting the public into the secret, they know the peculiar shapes which this process has assumed, and the undeniable nature of the evidence that their fate is irre- vocably sealed. Our friend of the Herald uevër got better advice than that we administered a year ago, that he should not attempt a daily issue. His refusal to be guided by such good counsel, has been to him the source of only one regret ever since, and he must now letreatf with the best grace he can. This weekly issue that he speaks of is a good step, and we dare say that he will make a weekly journal something better than the very vapid affair which he inflicts upon us diurnally. We have not yet made up our minds, however, whether we shall allow him to exist, even as a weekly, and have nearly decided upon a weekly issue ourselves, but in our case, in connexion with the daily, and not to supersede it, as with him. Much depends upou his own behaviour, but we will decide mercifully it a doubt arises; we are "not cruel in our just revenge." Our friend at the Apology Shop mus go. His last few ICncounti-rs have coin pletely finished him. His onslaught with Mr. Forbes was disas er itself; hi conflict with Mr. Griffin was altogether fatal. The legend of St. George and the Dragon is reversed. An k literar) mana and politician he has been defuue these six months. A jury has hut upoi his body; a veulict ut sudden «lentt from a violent h lui ct. uf "apology " lim been returned ; Ina funeral olise quies have been ilçcet.tly performed undei the superintendence of the Free Kirk .it is but his ghost >iL¡it low oivftsioniillj ImunlB our puili. ^fcm-i; failed ¡r; ecuring the settiets oí Dr, Gteevea in conducting his jiltilllhl toi'i 1 St loT>|.f home, we reilly tle-wiaii o' hi-, fi dine mp' one else so rmj willy Hdipud tor the purpose. However, under any circum- stance» the btíu¿t¿1.«i «¡1! nut be -i h )ij one; let us hope that the departure will be peaceful and painless. Our only real difficulty as regards the future is with our dear Tommy. What on earth can we do with him? The poor man cannot be allowed to go on as he has done. In spite of having reduced to absolute practice the wild fancy of the man who brought his horse to a straw a day, that single straw begins to fail him now, and it is downright cruelty to tolerate the poor man's self- immolation, in very materially injuring the country of his adoption without the poor consolation of the slightest hope of doing any good for himself. We should be seriously un- happy about Tommy, but for one happy thought; he must "slope" for California. In that wicked but golden region, we perceive a great mission for our simple friend. The steady pursuance here for many years of the hopeless and self- denying task which he has set himself, proves the worthy creature to be as far above mercenary motives as man can be. "Let me write," has the good man said, "only let me write; don't buy me, don't support me, don't pay me, don't read me, but for any sake let me write." So disinterested a career, pur- sued with such perseverance, shows the party concerned to be free to a super- human extent, of that " auri sacra fames," which so sadly degrades man kind. Here is the man who could touch pitch, and still be undefiled; here is the man who has shown that, Bas- sanio-like, he prefers lead to gold. Thou gaudy gold, Hard food for Midas,Ttà'ill none of thee; Nor none of thee thou* (Lila und^comiiion dnidgo 'Tween mun and mun ; HPt*»tlff)ilV thou meugro lead, Which rather threat'nest thwi dost promise aught, Thy plainness moves me more than eloquence, And thee choose I. This is the man who can face the "diggins" and retain his purity. Alone, amid all the feverish excitement of the golden scramble, he will remain cool and unimpassioned; slowly and steadily will he pour out the endless streams of his philosophical emptiness upon all sorts of subjects; calmly, quietly, und lengthily, will he discourse upon the country, its pursuits, its prospects and moralities ; endless will be his exhortations to re- form; and, .¡fi his¿ preachings^ ha inef- fectual, let us hone tliat their mere perused will be considered as tfspscirs o' penance, and be favourably considered in that day when sins and sorrows will be weighed against each other. He will be gratified in finding a condition of society which will defy even his efforts to do any injury to the community; and, amidst the cunning audacity, and clever wickedness which abounds on all sides, the mild silliness of our amiable friend will come like a breath of cool air across the brow of fever. The more we think of it, the more fotfipletely do the place and the man appear made for one another. Let Tommy seek the "diggins," and his destiny is a great one. 