THE TRIUMPH OF UtfNIUS. (From Hunt'$ American Magasine for November.) THOSE who have read the narrative of the sufferings of ragged and hungry Genius, as told by the sufferers themselves in Johnson's Life of Savage, and in Goldsmith's . Vicar of Wakefield, will listen to the following letter, addressed to a distinguished gentleman in this country, a chapter of autobiography, with like interest, for like those narratives, it not only describes the trials, but is written, also, with the energetic pen of Genius. The writer ia Mr. J. R. Remington, a young man, a Virginian by birth. After residing for a while in Alabama, a few years since he went to Washington, snd exhibited there the models and drawings of several ingenious, and (as they have since proved) valuable mechanical inven- tions of his own. At Washington he made little headway. One of his inventions was a bridge, constructed on a novel principle, or rather a principle newly applied, and by which bridgea of timber of great length can be thrown across rivera and wide railway cuts without intermediate support. People looked and admired ; but somehow, although they saw much that waa strikingly original, they could not see how the contrivances Wero to bo made practically useful,. Fulton'* first steamboat drew crowds of such admirers round it when it was on the stocks. Mr. Remington was not discovered. He went to England, arriving in London early in January, 1847. He went, to use his striking language, "in search of a man," like I the old philosopher, he sought but for one ; mind capable of sympathetic appreciation. Ile carried with him his plans, a teeming brain, a letter of introduction, and an empty purse. The story of Mr. Remmington's. success has been told hy the lips of others, as was most meet ; we leave it to himself to describe his struggles and probation. His letter would be marred by any attempt on our part to add or amnlif v. Stafford. England, August 15th, 1818. My dear Sir,-I should have wri'tcn sooner, but that I had nothing pleasant to say. I rsnched London on tile 1st of January, 1817, without money or friends, which was just the thing I desired when I left America, and just the thing, I assure you, I will never desire again. I commenced operations at once, on the supposition that, in this overgrown city I could at least enlist one man. 13ut En- glishmen are not Americans. An Englishman will advance any amount on an absolute cer- tainty, but not one penny when there is the slightest risk, If he got the whole world by it. I spent the first five months looking for "this man with unparalleled perseveriince and in- dustry, living for less than threepence per day. I am convinced that few persons in London know so much of that incomprehensibly large city as myself. But, alas ! my wardrobe hos gone to supply me with wretchedly baked corn bread, on which I lived entirely. I slept on straw, fur which I paid one half-penny per night. I became ragged and filthy, and could no longer go among men of business. Up to this time my spirits never sank, nor did they then ; but my sufferings were great. My limbs distorted with rheumatism, induced by cold and exposure-my face and head swelled to a most unnatural size hy cold and toothache, and those who slept in the same horrid den were wretched street beggars, the very cleanest of them literally alive with all manner of creeping things. 13ut I was no beggar. 1 never begged, nor ever asked a favour of any man since I came to England. Ask George Bancroft, whom I called upon two or three times, if ever I asked the slightest favour or even presumed upon the letter you gave me to him. I did write him n note, asking him to come and witness the triumph of opening the bridge at the Gar- dens, and delivered the note at his own house myself ; and although Prince Albert came, ] never got even a reply to my note. If Ban- croft hud come, and been the man to have only recognised me in my rags as I was, it would have saved mo much subsequent suffering. 1 will not believe that Bancroft ever saw mj note, for his deportment to me was evei kind. The succeeding three months after the firs rive, I will not detail, up to the time I com menccd to build the bridge. I will not harrov up my feelings to write, nor pain your kine heart to read, the incidents of these ninetj days. My hair turned grey, and I must havi died, but for the Jews, who did give mc om shilling down, for my acknowledgment for £l< on demand. These wicked robberies havi amounted to several hundred pounds, ever; penny of which I have to pay subsequently for since my success at Stafford, not a mat who can read but knows my address. It cos me £10 to obtain the shilling with which paid my admittance to the Zoologies Gardens, where I succeeded, after much mor titication, in getting the ghost of a mode made of the bridge. Every engineer t celebrity, in .London, was called in, to decide whether it was practicable to throw it across tlie lake. Four or five of them, -at the final decision, declared that the model before them was passing strange, but that it could not be carried to a much greater length than the length of the model. I was standing amidst men of tho supposed greatest talents, . as civil engineers, that the world could produce, and the puint was decided against me.-This one time alone were my whole energies ever aroused. I never talked before -I was hag- gard and faint for want of food-my spirits were sunk in sorrow in view of my mournful prospects-clothes I had none-yet, standing over this model did I battle with those men. Every word I utteied came from my inmost soul, and was big with truth-eTery argument carried conviction. Tho effect on those men was like magic-indeed, they must have been devils not to have believed, under the circum- stances. I succeeded. My agreement with thc proprietor was, that I should supi rintend the construction of the bridge, without any pay -whatever, but duiing the time of the building, I might sleep in the gardens, and if the bridge should succeed it should be called " Remington's Bridge." I lodged in au old lion's cage, not strong enough for a lion, but by putting some straw on the floor, it held me very well, and, indeed, was a greater luxury than I had for some months. Thc carpenters who worked on the bridge sometimes gave me a part of their din- ner, On this I lived, and was comparatively happy. It was a little novel, however, to see a man in rags, directing gentlemanly looking carpenters. The bridge triumphed, and the cost was £8, and was the greatest hit ever made in London. The money made by it is astonishingly great-thousands and tens of thousands crossing it, and paying toll, besides the great attraction to the Gardens. Not a Publication in London, but what has written argely on it. Although I never received a penny, nor ever will, for building the bridge, I have no fault to find with Mr. Tyler, the proprietor ; for he has fully done all that he promised, that was, to call it " Remington's Bridge." The largest wood cut, perhaps, ever made in the world, is made of the bridge. -Every le ter of my name is nearly as large as myself. The bridge, to this day, is the prominent curiosity of the Gar- dens. You can't open a paper, but you find Remington's Bridge. Soon after it was built, I have frequently seen hundreds of men, looking at the large picture of the bridge, at the corners of the streets, and envying Rem- ington, when I have stood unknown in the crowd, literally starving. However, the great success of the bridge gave me some credit with my tailor. I got a suit of clothes, and some shirts-a clean shirt. Any shirt was great but a clean shirt-O God, what a luxury ! Thousands of cards were left for me at the gardens, and men came to see the bridge from all parts of the kingdom. But with all my overdue bills in the hands of the hell-born Jews, of course I had to slope, and came down to Stafford. I first built the mill, which is the most po- pular patent ever taken io England. The coffee pot, and many other small patents, take exceedingly well. The drainage of Tixal Mea- dows was the greatest triumph I have had in England. The carriage bridge for Earl Talbot is a most majestic and wonderfully beautiful thing. Dukes, marquises, earls, lords, &c;, and their ladies, are coming to see it from all parts. I have now more orders for bridges, from the aristocracy, than I could execute ia ten years, if I would do them. Indeed, I have been so much among the aristocracy, of late, that, what with high living, being so sudden a transition from starving, I have been compelled to go through á courte ol medicine, and am, juet now, convalescent. Ol course, anything once built precludes the possibility of taking a patent in England, but ita merits and value are beyond all calcula- tion. A permanent, beautiful, and steady bridge may be thrown across a river half a mile wide, out of the reach of floods, and without any- thing touching the water, at a most inconsider- able expense. The American patent ia well se- cured at home I know. I shall continue to build a few more bridges of larger and larger spans, and one of them a railroad bridge, in order that I may perfect myself tn them so ac to commence fair when I reach America. I have a great many more accounts of my ex. ploita since I came to Stafford, but must defei sending them until next time. I beg you will write me, for now, since a correspondence ii opened, I shall be able to tell you something about England. I know it well. I have dined with earls, and from that down-down -down to where the knives, forks, and plat« are chained to the table for fear they should be ?tolea. X un, my dear Sir, , Your obedient serrant, . J. R, &SMIHOT0H.; ' Mn. T. D. M'OEE- THE LETTP.H 1'UM.ISHED is ms Weir York ¡Jerald. -Vfc have the best authority for stating that Mr. T. D. M'Gee, though he has reached the United States, did not nt ^nce proceed to either New York or Philadelphia, and was not the author of the letter which appeared in the Neic York Herald, and has been ascribed to him. When that letter appeared he was at a place sixty miles from Boston, and neither wrote the letter nor knew who thc writer was He escaped by a vessel which sailed from Ballyahaunon.- Wex- ford Independent. PITCAIRN'S ISLAND.-In publishing the fol- lowing extract of n lotter from Captain Worth, nf Uer Majesty's shi¡. Calypso, at Pitcairn's Island, we need scarcely remind our readers that it was the spot to which the mutineers of the Bounty, under Fletcher Christian, the mate, steered that ship in the year 1789, when Captain Bligh, on the 28th of April, was turned adrift with eighteen hands in an open boat on the wide ocean, somewhere near the Friendly Islands, " with about twenty-eight gallons of water, lóOlbs. oí bread, 301bs. pork, six quarts of rum, and six bottles of wine, without a chart of any description," and landed at Timor on the loth of June, after a voyage (ns Captain Bligh observed in his re- port) '. of the most extraordinary nature that was ever known in the world-let it bo taken either in its extent, duration, or so much want of the necessaries of life-which thus happily ended without accident, through the assistance of Divine Providence" :-" We ar- rived hereon the 9th of March, 1818, frotn^ Callao, but the weather being bad, stormy, and squally, and ns you know there is no landing except in a small nook called Bounty j bay, and very frequently not even there-in I deed, never in ships' boats, from the violence of the surf-I did not communicate wiih the shore till the next day, when having landed safely all the presents I had brought for tho inhabitants from Valparaiso, I landed myself with half the officers and youngsters, the ship standing off and on, there being no anchorage. I made the officers divide the day between them, one-half on shore, the other on boord ; so they were gratified with visiting these interesting people. I never was so gra- tified by such a visit, and would rather have gono there than to any part of the world. They aro thc most interesting, contented, moral, and happy people that can be conceived. Their delight at our arrival waä beyond any- thing ; the comfort, peace, Btrict morality, in- dustry, and excessive cleanliness and neatness that was apparent about everything around them, was really such as I was not prepared to witness ; their learning and attainments in general education and information were really astonishing ¡ all dressed in English style ; the men a fine race, ar.d the women and children very pretty, and their manner really of a superior order, ever smiling and joyous ; but one mind and one wish seems to actuate them all. Crime appears to bo un- known ; and if there is really true happiness on earth, it surely is theirs. The island is ro- mantic and beautiful ; the soil af the richest description, yielding almost every tropical truit and vegetable ; in short, it is a little paradise. I examined their laws, added a few to them, assembled them all in the church and addressed them, saying how gratified I was to find them in the happy state they were, ad- vising them to follow in the steps ot virtue and rectitude they had hitherto done, and they would never want tho sympathies of their countrymen (i.e., the English), who were most interested about them. I added such advice as I thought useful, and such suggestions as would, of course, be to their advantage. It was really affecting to see this primitive and excellent people, both old and young, 140 in the whole, looking up tome, and almost devouring all I said, with eager atten- tion, and with scarcely a dry eye amongst them ; and, ' albeit unused to the melting mood,' I found a moisture collecting in my own which I could scarcely restrain, they were so grateful, so truly thankful, for nil the kind- nesses that had from time to time been shown them, and the interest in their welfare shown by us and our countrymen. I had all the men and most of the women on board, but there was Buch a sf o on that the poor girls were dreadfully sea-sick. I fired some guns and set off rockets on the night ot our departure, and they returned the compliment by riling an old honey-combed gun belonging to the Bounty. I set them completely up-gave them ! 100 lbs. of powder, ensign and union jack, cask** j of salt beef and pork, implements of agriculture .'. of all kinds, clothes, books, &c;, and sailed on!..) the evening of the Uth for Tahiti." DEVOTING A TIXED PORTION OF ONB'S IK~,( COME TO CHAUIT.UILE USES.-In reading the, : biography of thc most eminently pious Vod useful in different ages, we have often been . struck with the fact that almost all of theni' ' devoted a regular proportion of their incorhe to pious and charitable uses. We will mention a few whose names are familiar, whose writings arc venerated, and whose memory is precious. Among those who made a tenth the fixed pro- portion of their almsgiving, was Lord Chief Justice Ilole, the B.ev. Dr. Hammond, and the Rev. Dr. Annesley. Baxter informs us that he long adhered to this, until, for himself, he found it too little, and observes, "I think, however, that it is as likely a proportion as can be prescribed ; and that devoting a tenth part ordinarily to God is a matter that we have moTe than human direction for." Doddridge was another ins'anceof the kind. "I make a solemn dedication of one-tenth of my estate, salary, and income, to charitable uses ; and I also devote to such uses an eighth of every thing I receive by way of gift or present. A fifth part was the fixed proportion of Arch- bishop Tillotson and Dr. Watts. A fourth part was the proportion constantly given by Mrs. Bury, the wife of the eminently pious and useful Rev. Dr. Bury. Her husband, in hia account of her life, says, " She thought it was reasonable that such as had no children should appropriate a fourth part of their net profits to charitable purposes." Mrs. Eliza- beth Rowe gave even more than this. " I con- secrate," says that excellent female, "half of my yearly income to charitable uses ; yea, all that I have beyond the bare conveniences and necessities of life shall surely be the Lord's." Such, too, was the constant practice of the Hon. Robert Boyle, of the Rev. Mr. Brand, and of the Rev. Thomas Gouge. Of the lat- ter, Archbishop Tillotson says, in his funeral sermon, "AU things considered, there have not been, since the primitive times of Chris- tianity, many among the sons of men to whom that glorious character ot the Son of God might be better applied that * he went about doing good." " The H>t might be extended to those who have lived since, to many ot our own age and country, but these examples are sufficient. If Christians generally were to act thus, to fix some due proportion and keep a separate fund for charitable purposes, with how much more wisdom, prudence, and cheerfulness, would they perform this Chris- tian duty ? How often would they lift up their hearts to God, in devout thanksgiving for affording them opportunities of enjoying this privilege, and of showing to themselvea and others that "it ii more blessed to give than to receive !" SUOAHSD TOBACCO .-THB QOEBN V, STXES. -J. Sykes, 61, Bread-street-hill, City, tobacco manufacturer, waa charged with adulterating tobacco with sugar, molasses, and other mate- rials. Mr. M'Culloch, an officer of excise, de- posed that on the 20th of October he went with Mr. G. Phillips, surveyor of excise, to the defendant's premises. They examined the whole stock, and having tasted the tobacco, found that it waa adulterated. The " birdseye" gave an adulteration of 10.2 per cent, of sugar, and another portion 9.2 per cent, ; the out to- bacco gave 3.2 per cent. ; the " box-ends" 3.3 per cent., and the smalls 8.1 per cent, of adul- teration. Subsequently other analyses had been made, when the leaves, a» before, yielded no sugar, but on thia occasion the birdseye produced 17.58 per cent, of adulteration; one part of the cut, 8.73, the rear 9.50 ; the smalls, 9.55, and the box-ends 4JBI percent. It ap- peared as if the adulteration had recently taken place.-Mr. Cooke, for the defendant, eon tended the adulteration was the actefaoaw evil-minded persos/for the purpose of tajunag the defendant.-T4ie Court gave judgment Jn the full penalty of £500, with the confiscation of the seized tobacco, i It ia proposed, say« the BuiUtr, to; tom VauxhalUátoawinter garden: the «TICIOSSJK to fie ornamented with a represeaUtion of Ike overland journey to India. 