MESMERIC REVELATIONS. TO THE EDITOR OF <Iig ''ADELAIDE OBSERVER.' Sir—In reference to the mcsraecie revelations reported in your lasr, permit me to enquire seriously what were the colours of the good end b-d spirits «een as the attendants ©1 man. For aught that we know to the central y, the spi ritual world may be more peopled tii ri the physical; but when 1 see ghosts through other men's eyes in these days, without any important communication to their minds or my own. I could tush u little more "iiu'iditj" lor myself. Has any experiment been ui.ri ou black or coloured people, as 1 was informed fay a negro in ore ol the West Indian islands, that even Satan himself is white when they see him. Their seraph» may therefore he es ulack as the beauties whom they choose for the ilauee. As in the song of Lucy Long, ■" Her lips ars so inviting, They are so rery fat — Her nose, so ifalck and chubby, Slie stole from some Tom-eat." And again— " VonM think her the real Yeans, i If she had but been horn first— So charming i* that Lucy," die. When will out ideas of the *pi ituil world be divested of physical imager, such »e rose-coloured beauties ana the fcuitp-bark of our Kiehard the Tbird, the cash-box suavi ties of cur Anionics, ipe revenge of our fsbyiocke, the feminine fieroism ol our " Jessiecs" and the beardless as sumptions and pieadings of-cur Potties end Judge® oil the ' penes*! stage ol life ? Not until we ourselves become more *' epxitbaily minded" than even under the influence of * & M.S. Volume on Commercial Reform, for the benefit of all elesses-the meish&et;, the mariser, and consumer. magnetism, to give to a seraph a woven woollen garment, as described by the young spinster who 44 Still keeps something to hersel * She will not tell to ony!" Why all this mystery? Is language, with all its eloquent and rhetoric—its grammar and philosophy—still loo poor to paint the invisible? Perhaps it is, as -'there are no menus of knowing, by report, anything of which we are ignorant, hut by something already known." It is true, however, that " The things unknown to feeble sense, Unseen by reasoj's glimmering ray, .With strong, commanding evidence, Their heavenly origin display.5* Let OS have Christianity in this world, and wait for the next, wif bout degrading science and religion, by the spectres of Cock Lane Ghosts, long since put to rest by men *,s su perstitious as even Dr. Johnson. Yours, &c.;, Alfhed T. J. Martin. Adelaide, 5th February, 1849. 