EXPERIENCES OP LITERATURE AND LITERARY MEN. BY AN KX-ED1TOB. Lord Holland thought upon most liberal scalo, and came to his conclusions accordingly. He liad more heartiness and more moral courage than any other member of the House of Peers, never skulking behind paltry reservations, lie possessed the ear of the House in an eminent degree, and was fearless of the most formidable opponent. He grounded bis arguments upon their justice: a solid basis, not to bo shaken by the glozing sophistry of the mere wordy orator. In an assembly where feel ing and imagination, reason and justice, carried little swav against policy and self-interest. Lord Holland— though ho electrified and convinced — could not prevail over a predetermined majority. He trampled on the proudest aristocrat with his irresistible truths, and made those look small outside the "house of incurables,"' who within deemed them selves something above the accidents of an accident' The lesson he ad ministered to the Tory Government, at the general peace, for itsunpiinciplcd conduct towards- the weaker states of Europe, was never forgotten by its hearers. Wo cannot but feel deep respect for the memory of this kind cncourager of our youthful hopes, for his unswerving principles, his amenity of manners, and considerate bearing. Holland House hadnosimilarin the lnnd.inhis time It is now desolate. Not onlyhasits host passed away, but the celebrated names that congregated there have left no suc cessors. Thev have nearly all gone into the land of shadows, men of all creeds and political opinions, who laid aside there the prejudices of clanship for things more worthy. Telosforo Trtieba, already mentioned, was a merry Spanish exile, somewhat effeminate in manner, endowed with a- good stock of aecquired information fond of pleasure, but capable of close application when it was rquired. He i wrote English like a native ; his style was pure, and free of foreign idiom Novel writing being profitable, he tried his hand at that department of literature, but unfortunately, a publisher to -whom he entrusted his first man uscript rl- privet! him of the profits. He had n small income of his own, suffi cient to support him by good economy. The Spaniard is generally presumed "to be of a saturnine temperament; if so Truebu was an exception. Dancing, music — any kind of amusement— saw him a ready partaker in its pleasures. "How do you find time to write novels, M. Trueba ; you are a positive rake " No, no," was his reply ; " come and see me at Richmond, and you will find out the secret." We wanted an article from him re lative to Spain, and were punctually at his lodgings, near Richmond-green, on the appointed day. We found him in a retired room, looking into a garden. A table stood near the open window covered with papers, books, and half- finished manuscripts, while the rich odour of the flowers without was wafted into the apartment. ' '' I slip away here," said he, 44 when I write. I lead the soberest life in the world. I labour for a couple of months, rarely going up to London, and when my manuscript is completed, I relax for a season j all work or all play, is my plan." "But you want exercise." " I get that on the hill, or in the park, every day about three o'clock. There I have fallen in love with two pretty faces, and don't know which to prefer. I get a little oonversalion, too, with strangers walking there, and thus I freshen up my ideas. I put inch portraits into my books some times. I do. not desire acquaintance here. I should play the idle man too often, if that were the case. There are three hundred pounds in manuscript,1' said he,- pointing to a pile upon his table. " I shall soon be loose in Lon- . don again." His plan, fur a man of a like tem perament, was a judicious one. A little of a beau, and desirous of being esteemed a lady's man, he was repre sented in Frazer's Magazine as dan- .ci'ng solus, and looking down at the rings upon his fingers at the same time, through the spectacles which he always wore, to obviate an affection of the sight, 'How do you manage yonr plots I' — we one day enquired. ' Have you no difficulty in inventing them V He re plied, he'began with one character at a hazard, and worked his plot out from it. We observed that 4 we' first sketched the outline, and only deviated to im prove. ' Your critics care little about perception of a plot -Your readers love the assumption of ao air of rank. This does more for a work of fiction than much care about a plot.' I know how your critics manage. They cut out the leaves of a volume and half of a novel —glance over half a dozen pages — se lect ao extract or two — and the criti cism is'done. How should they know or care about the plot ! I always be- . gin in. a striking way the first and "second volumes. One individual who concocts these things tells me that a .peep-intp. the first volume, and an extract from the beginning of'-' the second— to imply thai he had read ihe work— is all that is re quired for modern criticism. The Gog and ijlAg-ig Reviews — the 1 Edinburgh ' .and,' Quarterly"— settle literary merit by the politics of the party. On the cou- ''tinent we are more conscientious. How ever, 1 am safe. I have propitiated the eheVp'critics to the extent of four or five of the most important. Your old novelists were more consistent about their plots than you are now. ft is lime ' hazer libra nuevo,' as we say iu Spain, or 4 to turn over a new leaf,' in this respect.' As we found this Spaniard knew England so well, and everything relating to society and manners, we drew from him that his motherhad been an English woman, and that he had long known the language, literature, and history of the country. He returned to Spain, subsequently, became Secretary to the Chamber of Deputies on the ascen dancy of the Liberal parly, and going to Paris on public business, died there some years since. In the time of which we speak, the sale of a copyright of the slightest merit was certain. A liberal sum be stowed in puffing introduced the new born to the world, and people bought and read, as if buying and reading were half the business of life. There was a sysiem in these things, and the 111a nagement in putting oil' a new work was a department of 4 trade" that showed skill in the management, and no little underhand play Although we were, as we imagined, tolerably well up to the Iricks of tile " trade.'" we were sometimes as well duped as the public. When Horace Smith publ.ahed his novel of " B.ambletye House, ' in the palmy days of novel writing, we saw 11 statement of numerous parlies being made up to pic-nic at that ruin. As the paper in which we observed it was published in the same county as the scene uf the novel, and bore no. mark of furtive concoction in Lundou, we spoke of it as a circumstance we had ob served to one of a publisher's employes, atid a proof that Smith's work had con ferred celebrity upon the spot. He smiled, and said — " That was done here and sent down to tile paper ; if 4 you' are taken in by it, the paragraph will answer its end with oilier people, that is very certain." , A third foreign visitor at Lord. Hol land's. Mr Blanco White, had been brought lip a Catholic, and taken avow uf celibacy. He became a doubter of the Catholic creed, left Spain for England, entered the Church, and was paraded a3 a triumph to Protestantism by law established. Here he had fresh doubts and misaivings, and finally left ihe Church for the Dissenters. We have heard it whispered that in Spain, love was his first disturber, under his vow of celibacy, and became bis tor ment in consequence. He was a pale, sedate, pensive looking man, deeply learned, scrupulous in conscience, and a very informing, amiable, and agree able companion. We must now return back to earlier times. The desire of information and thirst for reading, when secretly in dulged, led us to peruse all sorts ' of books that came in our way. We had read the "Monk", of Lewis, which Lord Brougham's cheap literature sys tem has introduced into every hand in the present day, with its gross im moralities. We had revelled at the theatre in the horrors of the " Castle Spectre," and read his 44 Tales of Wonder." In that day the belief in supernatural appearances was not to be shaken, by any incredulity upon the subject, even in some minds of a superior order. The Churchman and Dissenter were alike of the same opinion, and the Wesleyan Methodist was prostrate in credulity. To doubt that ghosts and good and bad spirits might and did sometimes appear to mortal eyes was impiety, and this though the fiesliless gentry were generally said to come upon very silly errands, and sometimes upon no errands at all, else they did not condescend to reveal their business. " Hobgoblin" Lewis was then spoken of most respect fully by those who deprecated his immoral stories, as if they feared a tip-toe sprite would be at their heels if they attempted to depreciate the master spirit of all. We should have incurred the resent ment of one of the best parents that ever lived, if it. had been known we per used such works. therefore all was stealth from the fear which makes youth cunning and knavish. We had told many of those stories secretly to a sister — a bold, fine girl, several years younger than ourselves. Our parent saw the bias in the mind of our sister, and thongh one of the most devoted men in the world to the; duties of religion, and a nervous man too, he rejected all those wild supersti tions. He surmised the fact of some impression being thus made, and who had made it. One dark, bleak winter's night, he made an offer to our sister, then not fourteen, we were older, of a reward if she would go and fetch a psalm book out of a seat at the upper end of a chapel at the end of a long avenue of Uees, with graves and tombs on all sides. Our pride was slung. We felt the blow dealt at ourselves. We. boldly, offered to go in our sister's place. Our chivalry vanquished our fears for the moment. The clock struck eleven. In the innocence of her heart she would have gone, and succeeded with less fear. We were endowed with the knowledge of every ' possible phase of spectral horror. We 3et out like a lion, the demons of Lewis uppermost in our mind. 'Ihe wind howled fitfully along the avenue of tall trees, over grave and tomb, the dim heaven scarcely distinguishable above their .top?. We reached the door — dashed it open ; the echo chilled our lit arts. We entered amidst total darkness — felt our way up the aisle, thinking of the skeletons in the vaults beneath. A pew door struck as from having been left open. A deadly cold made us shiver and hall, but we did not recede. We quickly' discovered the cause, our adversary fly ing back upon its liiuges. We proceeded tolteringly to the upper end of the aisle", our eyes closed, and feeling the pews,- in terrible apprehension lest we should see something horrible. Even when feeling along the pews, we thought a bony, icy Hand might seize our own. It sufficed that we accomplished the foregoing task, nnd though outwardly full of bravado, inwardly wondered at our cburaje, and still more that we en countered nothing more fearful than ourselves. How many thousands may think themselves that the idle supersti tions of thai time, so sedulously culti vated, arc now scouted, except in remote places. Who ever keatd of a ghost astride on the grasshopper of the Royal Exchange 1 Even the insulted spirit of Sir Thomas Gresham has never appear ed to upbraid the ungrateful aldcimen of London with their sycophancy hnving overcome their duty, in the' Don Juan statue of Wellington having been placed where Gresham's own was alone legilimate So much for a digression from Monk Lewis, We never saw him but once, .just after he published his Romantic Tales, ' a work long since forgotten. He disappointed us in his face, which, as we recollect, was pale. His person was small, and altogether very unlike a wizard. He made little impression on us, compared to' what we expected he would do from his works. The ' Children of the Abbey' was a favorite novel of those days, written by Maria Roche, who was authoress of several other novels, but none of equal merit. Surr's- ' Splendid Misery ' was a favorite. Miss Edgworth's ' Popular Tales, ' and 4 Hermsprong, ' by an au thor whose name we forget, were eagerly read. Mrs Opie's 4 Mother -and Daugh ter ' were thought excellent, making what is now called 4 a sensation.' We fell in with the works of Godwin, too, in whom, of all the novelists of that time, we found materials that set us thinking. No English author has. been more un justly treated than this original, bold, and clever writer; he will one (lay.be revived, and become as fresh as the noble and honest De Foe. His disqui sitions aside, which show that high- minded fearlessness of inquiry which is the dread of superstition ; his novels are of fir<t-rate merit, at least his 14 Caleb Williams" and 44 Mandeville." His English' is firm, vigorous, and pure. Godwin was more prized by the edu cated than by the hulk of circulating library readers. His 14 Caleb Wil liams" we still think one of the best works of fiction ever written. His conversational powers were very con siderable. He was simple in person, and small of stature. The " Novice of St, Dominick," by Lady Morgan, and her 14 Wild Irish Girl," we remember reading about this time. Waicot (Peter Pindai) diverted (lie public by his pungent satires, and theJale laureate published his 14 Modoc." These, and all that was readable besides coming in our way we eagerly perused, though without judgement to discri minate meiit, yet not with equal plea sure in every case. The gieat defect nf the school of novelists previous to Scott, war, that it relied almost wholly upon imagination, and revelled in extravagances without number,, forgetting fiction must har monise with natural truth. Of the more distingulsned writers many contained here and there faithful delineations, but by far the greater number relied . upon fancy in place of an accurate observa tion of existing things, even "in des cribing the inanimate w-'r'd. 