ORIGINAL RHYMES. THE DESERTED VILLAGE. (NOT GOLDSMITH'S.) A DREAM. I dreamt--as rhymers often do-- Don't laugh, my dream may turn out true. I dreamt:--three months on journey spent, Worn out and tired I homeward bent; Brisbane the dear and happy spot, Where stood my little long lov'd cot. Thither my steps with haste I sped, With spirit light, and lighter tread; And when the Three-mile-scrub I pass'd, Felt glad, to draw near home, at last. But as the reservoir I near'd, My legs felt weak, my head went dizzy; My slight limbs shook; I felt bequeer'd, As if my head and heels were crazy. Criky! the reservoir was dry! Nought but a muddy, puddling bog, Where lay, with glazed, wide open eye, A lank, lean, long-dead, bony dog. What drinking deeds had taken place Among the thirsty Brisbane race! I pass'd the Caledonian inn, And dwelling of "the learned law;" But desolation's mocking grin Sat on each tenement I saw! What in the world had come to pass? The windows all were broken glass! The wooden walls--one falling mass! Around the doors was tall rank grass! The shingles from the roofs were gone; Of man or maid, in sight was none: No sunlight on the dial shone, As in the happy moments gone; And where once stood a waiting crowd, With merry converse chattering loud, For letters craving, at the Post, A porch untenanted I found, And--but by wail of my poor ghost-- Disturb'd not by a single sound. The door was gone--the letters too-- The furniture, and books, and chattels; The only articles in view Were "nineteen" empty porter bottles! My eye! said I, with heavy sigh, When did the good Postmaster die? Onward I pass'd adown the street, But not a mortal did I meet; The shops and houses all were shut, No sound I heard, the streets were mute; No living thing appear'd in sight, No barking curs, my legs to bite;-- The auction room stood there, as when, In former days, I knew the place, But now no sign of living men Throughout the township could I trace: And where, a few short months ago, "Victoria's" or "The Sovereign's" floor With men of beer did overflow, Alas, those noisy days were o'er! The sign was gone, and in its stead, There dangled from the lamp o'erhead An ancient, mouldy, ragged shirt, In the most desperate state of dirt. 'Twas plain, the rain had long forgot To visit this unhappy spot! I shriek'd--I shouted, quak'd, and roar'd-- Call'd every name I knew-- implor'd, Beseech'd, if in the township's bound A living creature might be found, In mercy he would tell me what Had happened this deserted spot. Alas! no answering echo came-- No one responded to his shouted name! I fell! I thought my heart was broke:-- 'Twas time at length for me to croak; When, in the dark'ning dim, I spied A being--something like a man, With haggard looks;--he near'd my side, While down his hollow cheeks the scalding tear- drops ran. Said he--"Behold before you now All that remains of D----d B-w. Alone, in this forsaken place I dwell, the last of Brisbane race!" "But where," in bitter tones I cried-- (Would I had ere this moment died!)-- "Where--tell me where the folks are fled. Are all my old companions dead?" "O no," said David, rattling every joint; "The people all are moved to Cleveland Point!" North Brisbane. FREDERICK. 