ENGLISH INTELLIGENCE. DEATH OF LORD G. BENTINCK. (From the Times A MARKAM men, who not yet three years ago entered the political world, has been still more suddenly withdrawn. Lord George Bentinck is gone. Of all the public characters of the day there was no one of whom we less thought to hear this melancholyuunouncetnent. Young, energetic, confident, hopeful, persevering, full of indignation, opening new quarrels, and provoking new antagonists every day, his lordship WM commencing, so it seemed, a long and vigorous career. About a year (since he made an attempt to retire from his new and uncongenial position. He summoned his putty, and urged them to elect another chief. The offer only brought out the nakedness of the land and the hopelessness of the cause. Whether for a principle or a maudie search was equally unsuccessful. With characteristic chivalry life lordship resumed his desperate post, and bus ever since worked it with an energy that might have raised a soul under the ribs of death. Under the ribs of protection, however, he has worked in vain. There is too much reason to fear that three sessions of overwhelming toil has morn and torn the fibre that promised otherwise a green old age. The man whose heart was with huntsman and found the river and the starting cost, under some strong and almost unaccountable impulse, devoted himself for three years to days of calculation and nights of debate, to the study of blue books, to the investiga- tion of arithmetical errors and moral inconsistencies. For three years he sustains the unequal strife, and then sinks in a moment as he treads the springy turf and breathes the balmy air of his first boyish haunts on his father's domain. . . . By bedding and maintaining an obstinate secession from the Conservative party, he has placed the country, now for two years, under a Liberal policy. He has made the Whig premier. Welmveolten expressed our conviction, and now we repeat it, that in no other way could we have met the present great crisis in the world's history. We little know what our present case would have been with a Conservative ministry and a Whig opposition last March. Every in on til brings out the value of our present situation. To Lord George Bentinck more than any other man we owe this happy result. That is not the only thing Lord George Bentinck has done, nor is it his most meritorious achievement. Full of the memory and the wrongs of his first friend and master, The cherished for twenty years a deep fund of vengeance which time and opportunity at last brought out. Haunted by the ghost of Cunning, he has at length excited terrible reprisals from those who first baffled, then borrowed, the policy of that statesman. After a long interval, a similar occasion, and, us Lord George Bentinck thought, a similar inconsistency, occurred. It was an accident rather than a result of character, or of political creed, that Lord George Bentinck took up the quarrel of the Protectionists. To' punish inconsistency, to vindicate pledges, to save partisans from the disgrace of wholesale and compulsory conversion, and make the con- vet t suffer the penalties of change, were the objects he had most at heart, and in those he succeeded It is as a political moralist, not as a statesman, that Lord George Bentinck has succeeded. He has been the rod of faction. He has punished both the party and the man. He has done some other things. With a peculiar taste for investigation, and a general suspicion of trickery, he has made numerous attacks on the pious frauds, if such there be, of modern statesmanship. False figures, got up cases, twisted chronology, convenient suppressions, were the objects of his rigorous scrutiny and relentless denunciation. He has made some successful exposures. But we would rather place his success in the vigilance he has roused, and the terror with which he has surrounded official disho- nestles, as long as his name shall be remembered Home News, September 25. 