LAW AND POLICE COURTS. SUPREME COURT-CRIMINAL SIDE. Monday, 2nd July. Robert Richard Torrens was indicted for feloniously as saulting and wounding George Steyenson on the 12th March, 1849. The indictment contained four counts, vary ing the intent as follows:— to main, to disfigure, to disable, or to inflict a grevious bodily harm. The prisoner, who was defended by Mr Gwynne, pleaded not guilty. He sat by the side of his counsel. The Advocate- General said the indictment was framed under the 1st Vic. cap. 85th, sec. 4, which awarded the penalties of transportation or imprisonment for a period of not more than three years on conviction. There was also a clause in the Statute to which he deemed it his duty to call the attention of the jury. It empowered them to find for a common assault, if the evidence warranted that conclusion, although failing to support the more serious charge. It would be for them (the jury) to ascertain and decide with what intent the wound (which was undoubted in that case) was inflicted— whether with the intent to maim, to dis- figure, to disable, or to inflict a grevious bodily harm. He (the Advocate-General) would place the facts before them, leaving the evidence to produce its own effect. He was the more particular in abstaining from accompanying the evi dence with any remarks of his own, because he was aware the case had excited considerable attention out of doors, and their minds must have been called to it in one form or other before they came to Court. But he felt bound to tell them, and he had no doubt his Honor would also warn them, that it was their duty to come to the investigation with minds unbiassed by anything they had previously heard, and decide from the evidence after a dispassionate inquiry. He (the Advocate-General) would not say whether the charge was in the precise shape in which he would have preferred it had it gone through his hands in the first instance. Be that as it might, a grand jury had found a true bill, and they were there to inquire into the guilt or innocence of the accused, and his duty was to furnish them with an oppor tunity (and all others who had an equal right) to examine the witnesses whose names were endorsed on the indictment, or were disclosed during the investigation. Of course no opinion of his (the Advocate General's) could influence them (the jury ); but it, in the conscientious exercise of their discretion, they found for a common assault only, he would be most happy to concur in the propriety of their verdict. He called George Stevenson, who stated that on the day mentioned in the indictment, he was walking westward in Hindley street with Captain O'Halloran, talking to him on public business. A person whom he (witness) did not at first re cognise came from the pavement and hit him with a stick upon the face. Witness then saw it was Mr Torrens. They were immediately separated, witness believed by Captain O'Halloran, who took Mr Torrens away. Witness was taken to a chemist's shop close by, and Dr. Woodforde came and dressed his wound. Witness then went home. Was not confined to his house in consequence of the wound. Did not attend business that day, but was not prevented by the wound from doing so. The bill was presented to the Grand Jury a day or two after. The prisoner never threatened witness before the assault, nor did he (witness) hear him speak when he committed the assault. Had heard from others that he said something at the time. The witness, perceiving the Advocate-General sit down, said he wished to make a statement to the Court. Although the prosecution was conducted by the Crown, according to the indictment, he was the private prosecutor under the Queen; and as he had raised a civil action on the subject, which had been determined on the other side of the Court, and had, besides, received an ample written apology, he did not wish the prosecution to proceed. He perhaps had not the power to stay proceedings; but he could declare he did not wish to press them. He was the more anxious to make that statement, as he had been publicly charged with com pounding a felony, than which nothing could be more false, as he could prove. Mr Gwynne said he was taken by surprise, and submitted that, on a declaration so unexpected being voluntarily made by the prosecutor, the Crown should not proceed with the case— at least, the charge of felony should be abandoned. His Honor really could not say. That certainly was a most anomalous declaration of the prosecutor; but the charge was a serious one. If a felony had been committed, nothing that had occurred on the other side of the Court could stay the present proceedings. As yet, however, he had not heard sufficient to enable him to direct the jury. The Advocate General would not be a party to anything having the appearance of a compromise. He should be sa tisfied with any verdict the jury might return. Mr Gwynne really did not know, in the face of that de claration, how to shape his questions. The matter assumed an unexpected aspect, and seemed really the burlesque of a prosecution. His Honor— One expression was very material. The prosecutor stated 'he was taken to a chemist a shop, and the cut he received was dressed.' Witness cross-examined by Mr Gwynne — When he said he was taken to a chemist's shop, he meant somebody ac companied him there. Would not swear that Mr Torrens did not call to him; but if he did, he (witness) did not hear him. Saw his legal advisers immediately after the assault. Went to them. Would not give them the trouble to wait upon him. He lived at North Adelaide. Came to town every day. Returned at all hours — sometimes late, some times early. In going home, crossed the Park Land. The assault was committed about noon, in Hindley-street, nearly opposite the Bank of Australasia. Was struck by a stick once only. Was Editor of the South Australian Register in the year 1841. The article handed to him was written by him. His Honor asked if it was intended to put in documents extending over a great space of time. So far as regarded felonious intent, they would cut both ways. Anything cal culated to excite the feelings immediately before the assault would be material. Mr Gwynne had carefully selected a few newspapers out of a great number published by the witness, so as to save the time of the Court He wished to show provocation. Witness continued — The article of April 17th, 1841, was written by him, as also that of June 5th, 1841, and all the political articles about Mr Torrens. Ceased to edit the Register about August, 1842, and had no connection with the press till July, 1845. The articles in the Mining Jour nal, commenting on the Collector of Customs, were written by him. He admitted the one dated October 9th, 1847. That headed 'Theoretical and Practical Again,' dated 29th January, 1848. 'Scenes at the Port, by Punch' (March 10th, 1849), and the article headed 'Liberty of the Press' (November 25th, 1848), were all his (witness's) writing. He instituted civil proceedings against Mr Torrens for the assault, by bringing an action for damages, he believed, in the Supreme Court. Mr Smith (who knew more about it than he did) informed him (witness) that judgment went by default, and that he ( Mr Gwynne) consented to a verdict for £250, including costs. He (witness) hoped to feel the result of the verdict. In fact, he had had the benefit of it, except the costs. That action was commenced subsequent to the finding of the indictment, and after the postponement of the criminal trial. W. L. O'Halloran, Esq , Clerk of the Council, stated that he was in company with the last witness on the 12th of March. They were proceeding along Hindley-street, when, somewhere near Cummings's shop, his (witness's) atten tion was attracted by a person flourishing a stick above his head. Witness recognised Mr Torrens. He said, 'I have an account to settle with you, Sir; I have a score against you for tbe last seven years.' The stick descended in the direction of Mr Stevenson's head or face. Witness used his best endeavours to separate the parties; after which, he requested Mr Torrens to walk away with him, which he did quietly. After they were separated, Mr Torrens said, 'This is for entering my drawing- room.' Mr Stevenson replied, 'I shall make you repent this.' Witness walked some distance with Mr Torrens, and then requested him to go home. He took his horse, and he believed he did so. The stick he had was a common walking-stick. There was no thing remarkable about it. He (witness) thought he should know it again if he saw it. The Advocate-General asked the counsel for the defence if he produced the stick. He (the Advocate-General) had given him notice to do so, the only process in his power. Mr Gwynne declined. The Advocate-General had no power to compel it. Mr Gwynne thought it unusual to ask a felon to produce evidence against himself. (A laugh.) Besides, the notice was not proved. The Advocate-General— That will come afterwards. His Honor said he must take the evidence of the wit nesses for the Crown. By Mr Gwvnne — He (witness) saw the whole affair. It occurred in the most public place in the province.' When gentlemen were offended with their equals, and wished to horsewhip them, they invariably selected a public place. Mr Torrens was an Irishman, and his countrymen generally preferred a shillelah to a horsewhip, when they intended to take the law into their own hands. ( A laugh ) The whole affair was such a one as he (Mr Gwynne) had described. By His Honor— Meant that Mr Torrens's intention was to insult Mr Stevenson openly. Vaiben Solomon, merchant, stated that he was standing with Mr Parker at his store-door, on the 12th March, when the prisoner and Captain Bagot came up Hindley street. After they had passed him (witness) a few paces, he per ceived the prisoner place a stick behind his back, and laying hold at the small end, in his right hand, he rushed down the pathway, which was then a steep hill. He muttered something like 'I have an account to settle with you;' but had scarcely time to utter the words, when be came in con tact with Mr Stevenson, and struck him with a stick as thick as that (producing a bludgeon of formidable dimensions). It was a polished blackthorn-stick or walking-stick. That (the one produced) was a walking- stick, but he (witness) could knock a bullock down with it. (A laugh.) He had never seen Mr Torrens with such a stick on any other oc- casion. The rush caused him to close with Mr Stevenson, and he could not repeat the blow on his head; but with his fist, or the stick, he struck him several times in the ribs. Witness drew him (Torrens) away by the collar, and then walked a little distance off; when, in consequence of hear ing some one cry out, 'He is coming with the stick again,' he picked up a large stone, and, standing in the front of Mr Stevenson, told the prisoner that, if he struck again he (witness) would knock him down. The prisoner was then led away, and witness saw the blood running down Mr Ste venson's face. He (witness) accompanied him to the chemist's shop, where Dr Woodforde dressed the wound. By Mr Gwynne. — Was at Mr Parker's door, at the pillar nearest the Auction Mart, to which Mr Stevenson was still nearer. He (witness) was about as far from them at the time of the assault as from the witness-box to the Sheriff's seat. Could not see behind him. (A laugh.) The assault took place in the roadway. Stopped to see the blow struck. When the prisoner and Mr Stevenson closed, he (witness) ran and separated them. Mr Gwynne — You are very fond of the term 'prisoner,' Mr Solomon; pray were you never a prisoner? Witness — Certainly not. How else shall I describe him (Mr Torrens)? Will you find a fitter term? Mr Torrens was too much in a passion at first to strike properly. If he (wit ness) had not been there, and threatened Mr Torrens with the stone, Stevenson might have been a dead man. (A laugh.) Mr Torrens was Collector of Customs at Port Adelaide. He (witness) at one time had a share in the Dorset brig. Did not know, of his own knowledge, that Mr Torrens had made any seizures of goods by that vessel. He (witness) was in Sydney at the time. Had heard of it. Had no share in the vessel at the time of the seizures. He had no ill feeling against Mr Torrens, no more than against any other blackguard that would strike a man with a stick. His Honor condemned such language. Witness continued— Had no particular ill feeling against Mr Torrens— certainly none in consequence of his being Collector of Customs. Did not recollect having expressed ill feeling to him in conversation with any one. Could not recollect all he said in casual conversation. Would not swear that he had not expressed such feeling in conversation with Mr John Newman, of the Port. He (witness) ex pected he would have to go to Sydney shortly after the last Criminal Sitting of that Court, but did not make oath of it. He took no more active part in that prosecution than any 'citizen of the world' should do. He meant a citizen of Adelaide, which was all the same. Could not take any ac tive part beyond asking why the subpoenas were not served. Had he not taken an active part in the matter, Mr Stevenson might not have been there that day to tell his tale, as the prisoner was approaching with the stick a second time. As 'a citizen of the world,' he never had occasion to interfere in any former criminal prosecution. The Collector of Cus toms was nothing to him. If he overstepped his duty, he was amenable to the laws, like other people. Never suf fered in the province from him or any one else. Had given evidence before the Grand Jury, and the particulars to the Advocate's clerk. Had also employed counsel to watch the case. Had conversations with Mr Parker — could not say how many — on the subject of that prosecution. Pro bably every one had conversed about it more or less, as it excited great public interest. Had not feed counsel, but had asked Mr Hanson to watch the case. If that was an offence, he had to answer for it. Mr Gwynne wanted direct answers— not impertinent comments. Witness really could not see where the impertinence of his remarks lay. The stick with which the assault was committed was a more formidable weapon than the one pro duced. He (witness) did not use such a stick, and should not, except to drive a man before him. Mr Torrens gene rally carried a cane or a whip. He (witness) thought he should know the stick if he saw it. He was not excited in the affray at all. He did not perceive the stick thrown away as he separated the parties. He afterwards saw Mr Torrens pick it up, and he (witness) then held up a stone to intimidate him. He (witness) had no compunction for swearing that the stick produced was similar to the one the assault was committed with. The stick produced was thicker at the small end, and smaller at the thick end, than the one used by Mr Torrens on that occusion. Did not feel the weight of it. (A laugh.) Mr Gwynne — Pray, where did you get the stick pro duced? Witness did not think it necessary to state where he got everything. Mr Gwynne— Certainly not; that might involve very awkward revelations. (A laugh) But I must still ask you where you got the stick. Witness— Bought it at Platts's shop within three months. Bought it about three weeks ago, and brought it to show the jury the sort of stick the assault was committed with. Mr Gwynne— Do you think that you are giving your evi dence respectfully to the Court, or as a respectable man, when you know that you bought the stick within three weeks, and yet you say within three months? Now, I must ask you were you never a prisoner of the Crown in New South Wales? Witness— Never; I hope you don't mean so to insinuate. Mr Gwynne was so instructed Witness— Then you have been wrongly instructed. Robert Parker wine and spirit merchant, recollected the 12th of March, and was present with the last witness when Captain Bagot and Mr Torrens approached on the footpath. Mr Stevenson and Captain O'Halloran were proceeding along the middle of the street towards Morphett-street. Mr Torrens said 'he bad a little business to settle in town to day.' He had a stick in his hand, which he turned upside down, made a run to Mr Stevenson, and struck him in the middle of the street. The stick fell six or eight yards back, but witness could not say whether or no Mr Torrens threw it down. They were then parted, and Captain O'Halloran and Mr Stevenson went on the footpath. Mr Torrens took up his bat and stick, and walked towards Mr Stevenson, who was then nearer Coppin's than before. Mr Solomon picked up a stone, and threatened to knock Mr Torrens down if he used the stick again. Captain O'Halloran then walked away with Mr Torrens. When witness first saw Mr Torrens, he looked wild about the eyes. (A laugh.) He seemed highly excited. The whole affair occupied about five minutes. He (witness) did not observe a person of the name of Chalk present at the assault. The stick was a po lished taper walking-stick. He (witness) carried a larger one, and believed he had seen Mr Torrens with the stick at the Port. It was not of an out-of the-way size. By Mr Gwynne — Saw Mr Vaiben Solomon with a stone in his hand. He stood between Mr Torrens and Mr Ste venson. Thomas Chalk, butcher, stated he was in Hindley-street on the 12th March, and saw Mr Torrens walking on the footpath with a stick in his hand. He struck Mr Stevenson across the face with it. They closed, and the stick fell to the ground. Mr Solomon and Captain O'Halloran parted them. Witness perceived blood flowing from Mr Stevenson's face. He picked up his hat and approached Mr Torrens, who immediately took up the stick again and was going to meet him, but Mr Solomon interfered, and then Mr Torrens walked one way and Mr Stevenson the other. The affair occupied but a few minutes, and he (witness) could not name the parties attracted by it. When he first saw Mr Torrens he appeared excited. The stick was a polished stick of medium size, larger at one end than at the other. C. H. Bagot, Esq., M.L.C , recollected the 12th March. On that day he met Mr Torrens at Paxton's shop door, and they walked together towards the Auction Mart. About opposite Mr Cumming's shop, Mr Torrens suddenly broke off the conversation in which they were engaged, and passed behind witness, exclaiming, 'I have an account to settle with you, Sir!' Witness looked round and saw him ap proach Mr Stevenson, who was accompanied by Captain O'Halloran, in the middle of the street. Witness perceived Mr Torrens's stick raised above Mr Stevenson's head, but not wishing to be implicated in a street row, he (witness) passed on and took no farther notice. Did not particularly notice the stick, but thought it was an ordinary walking stick. By Mr Gwynne — He probably used an improper term when he said 'street row,' as perhaps they proceeded from different causes. He believed then, and still believed, that it arose from a series of very irritating articles written by Mr Stevenson. The affair occurred in a public street, when it was full of people, at mid-day. It was done in the manner usual with gentlemen when one gentleman intended to put an insult on another. John Woodforde, surgeon, stated that he saw Mr Ste venson on the 12th of March. He was bleeding from a slight wound on his nose, which he (witness) dressed. It could not possibly prevent Mr Stevenson from attending to his affairs. He (witness) dressed it three or four times. It was a small contused wound given with a blunt in strument, which was the reason it did not heal more rapidly. The skin was broken, but the wound was very small. It was not in the slightest degree dangerous. A more serious wound could be given with a very small instrument. By Mr Gwynne— Both the cuticle and the cutis were divided. J. F. Bayer, surgeon, stated he was in Lowe's shop on he 11th March, when Mr. Stevenson came in, and requested him to dress a slight wound on his nose. Witness was pre paring to do so when Dr. Woodforde, Mr Stevenson's re gular attendant, came into the shop. Witness left the matter to him. It was a very slight cut on the nose, cer tainly not dangerous. William Fooks, clerk to the Advocate-General, proved having served a notice to produce the stick on the prisoner's solicitor, on the 28th June. He (witness) produced a copy of the notice. That was the case for the prosecution. His Honor asked the Advocate- General if he persisted in the serious charge. The Advocate-General had determined to express no opinion. He adduced all the evidence, and would leave the case wholly with his Honor and the jury. His Honor remarked that with the exception of Mr Solo mon, all the witnesses stated the stick was an ordinary walking-stick, and the medical testimony proved that a very slight wound had been inflicted— only such as would carry out the intention of insulting and degrading the person — a very improper thing in itself, but certainly not a felony. The Advocate-General repeated his very cautious deter mination not to express an opinion. His Honor asked Mr Gwynne if he wished to go to the jury on that charge. The act being one of intent, very strong evidence was required, which in this case was not forthcoming. Mr Gwynne said it was clear that, if the weapon was such as Mr Solomon described, Mr Torrens must have used it most mercifully. His Honor had said so. Both the size of the stick, as proved by the majority of the witnesses, and the extent of the injury, were against the presumption of felonious intent. Mr Gwynne then handed in a number of papers, and the Master of the Court read the several extracts marked, from the prosecutor's long-continued, offensive, and aggravating publications. The first paper put in, of date April 17th, 1841, contained an article headed 'The Collector of the Customs,' in which, it was asserted 'that some public discipline was evidently necessary, as well to teach him (Mr Torrens) that it was not his business rashly to violate ordinary official courtesies, as to acquaint him with the fact that he was most ignorant alike of his duty, and of the power, which, as Collector of Customs, he possesses within the province.' It went on to twit him with his public assertion, that 'he understood his duty both theoretically and practically, such opinion being confined to himself, or very gross injustice having been committed to the United Empire in dooming so much merit to the ob scurity of South Australia.' The next paper put in, June 5, 1841, contained an article headed 'The Collector of Customs,' and being another tirade of abuse of Mr Torrens in the exercise of his official functions. A third paper, the South Australian Gazette of October 9, 1847, (Mr Stevenson having ceased to edit a paper between the years 1842 and 1845), contained an article in which the resumption of his malice against Mr Torrens was apparent from the insertion of an article headed 'Theoretical and Practical,' abusing Mr Torrens in his capacity as Collector of Customs, and detracting from the merits of that officer in Mr Stevenson's ancient strain. A fourth paper, the South Australian Gazette of the 29th January, 1848, contained another article against Mr Torrens, from the pen of Mr Stevenson, entitled 'Theoretical and Practical.' The next paper put in was the South Australian Gazette of the 25th Nov., 1848, which contained an article headed 'Liberty of the Press,' of which the following are ex tracts : — 'But it is not the privilege of the press— it is a total disregard and abuse of that privilege to prostitute it to a mere vehicle for the circulation of wilful and deliberate attacks on private character founded on falsehood or prompted by malice. A newspaper Editor has no right to drag any individual before the public, and to charge him falsely with corruption, or with cheating, or oppression, or mis conduct, which, if true, would have been disgraceful. Still less has he a right to hold up to ridicule or contempt persons who have never obtruded themselves or their affairs on the world. It is impossible that any man of right feeling can hesitate for a moment in the conviction that such publications are wholly adverse to the interests of society, and require to be restrained. In some recent flagrant cases appeals for the protection of the law have been made, and the opportunity of course seized upon to misrepresent the effort made to punish the slanderer as attempts to 'gag the press.' To call such conduct a 'discharge of public duty' is a most gross prostitution of language; but to hold out a premium in the shape of money for the promotion of calumny and the protection of the calumniator, to encourage a desperate trade in the destruction of character and of the peace of families, are things unheard of even amongst the very dregs of society in any country, and can never, we firmly believe, be successfully accom plished in South Australia. The time has evidently come when this trade of wholesale libelling must be checked. It has long been en dured and despised as the outpourings of stupid malignity; and in many well known instances allowed to go unpunished by considera tions affecting the personal insignificance of the slanderer. But this is not likely to be the case much longer; and those means of prompt redress which suggest themselves to injured and irritated individuals may work a remedy which a slower and more expensive process has hitherto failed to procure.' The last paper put in was the South Australian Gazette of March 10, 1849, containing the offensive article which had given rise to the assault. It was as follows: — SCENES AT THE PORT. — BY PUNCH. SCENE IV.— The Collector's Room: Landing Waiter. — Mr Cassell has arrived. Collector.— The devil he has! Here's a go! What's to be done? Landing Waiter. — Tell him you know your duty 'theoretically ind practically' — Collector. — Yes; no doubt of it; but he will ask for proofs. I must try 'soft sawder,'— tip him a bit of the blarney — Cassell (landing from the boat).— Where's the Collector — 'Where are all the officers— How is this? No attendance— no respect — Boatman.— Gem 'men from Port Phillip don't meet with much here. You have your ticket perhaps — Cassell.— Silence, follow! Where is the Custom House? Where is Torrens? I'm the Inspector! Boatman.— Well, sir, to speak the truth on't, when you stump up one pound one for the boat-hire, we may tell you where the Custom 'ouse is; but where the Collector is ye mun find out for yoursell'n; and dom'd lucky you'll be to catch 'un ! — Landing Waiter (arrives)— Avast there, Bill— whose traps are these? Boatman.— This here gem'man's, from Port Phillip. Landing Waiter to Cassell.— That won't do. What have you got in the trunk? Cassell. — Amongst other things my Commission from the Lords of the Treasury to inspect the Customs— [Landing Waiter suddenly absquatulates. Boatmen hand out Mr Cassell's effects. Seven glut and other waiters rush forward to assist, accompanied by a numerous collection of Port Agents, fol lowed by boatmen, bullock-drivers, &c.; Mr Cassell forms a grand procession, and marches to the Custom House, where he is received by the First Clerk. Enter the Cillector.] Cassell.— You are the Collector, I presume? Collector (making a profound bow)— I have the honour, I believe, of addressing Mr Cassell? Cauell— You have. I am here in discharge of a most unpleasant duty — Collector. — Oh, we shall do our utmost to make it quite pleasant — Cassell.— Indeed : my orders are peremptory, and — Collector. — I learnt my business theoretically and practically at Cork— Cassell. — Yes; I heard you were there a few days; but the reports from Grey and others have led to doubts — Collector. — All slander and ignorance — Cassell.— Delighted to hear it; but the facts are rather— Collector. — By the way, have you dined? Cassell. — No ; I feel rather peckish. Collector. —Come then, take a seat in the buggy, and we shall find something at home— Cassell.— But my family are not landed — Collector.— Oh, I'll manage that. We'll make room for them all! Chief Clerk.— The Inspector sold! — Chorus of Clerks and Landing Waiters— Ha! Ha! Ha! [Exuent.] Scene V.— Dining Room at Irish Town. Collector and Cassell carousing. Time, 8 pm. Cassell.— Well, I must say, Torrens, you are a trump! Collector.— No doubt of it. When I was at Cork— Cassell.— Oh, never mind Cork, except to uncork another of the same — Collector.— Good— ha! ha!— very fair indeed! Capital! Another of the same — oh! ( Aside) My best beeswing! Cassell— Well, Torrens, as I was saying, you are a pattern of Col lector, and so I shall report you— attentive, able, zealous, never ab sent from duty, on all occasions— always— ever (hesitates)— Collector.— Practically and theoretically acquainted with my duty! Cassell.— Certainly. The many weeks my family and I have spent under your roof— the admirable dinners you give — the wine — Comer Torrens, there is no mistake here (filling a bumper and passing the bottle)—enable me to speak conscientiously. I have had opportunities of watching you closely; and I say, sincerely, I would never desire a more comfortable billet— Collector.— Oh, Cassell, you flatter— Cassell.— By no means, my kind friend— how can I? With a pitiful allowance of three guineas a day, what should I have made here but for your hospitality; or how should I show my gratitude otherwise than by giving you a lift ? Collector.— True— true— as Paddy O'Rafferty sings— 'Be to his virtues very kind, And to his faults a little blind.' Cassell. — In course. But, I say, Collector, was it not a lucky thing you asked me at first to stay at Irish Town? Collector— Why ? (Aside)— He smells the trap!— Cassell.— Because, suppose, when I first saw the 'Jerqueing Ships' Blue Book,' I had reported you, what a devil of a mess you would have been in to-day? Collector.— Oh, don't mention it— Cassell.— Or before I had known of the bin where that (pointing to the decanter) came from, I had inscribed you in the 'Account book of Officers' ages anf capacities' — Collector.— My dear Sir, pray drop unpleasant reminiscences. Here are devilled biscuits, and the left leg of the goose broiled ? Cassell.— Oh, that alters the case! [The tray is brought in. The Collector and Cassell set to work, and wind up the evening as usual. Scene closes.] (To be concluded on Thursday.) Mr Gwynne then addressed the jury.— He said he would have followed the example of the learned Advocate so far as regarded the offence laid in the indictment, satisfied that from the evidence their verdict must be that of an acquittal. His Honor— Not a general verdict of acquittal. Mr Gwynne wished to put some of the circumatacces in their proper light, and prevent the high reputation hitherto preserved by the gentleman he represented from being un- deservedly tarnished. The Advocate-General recited the portions of the Act under which the indictment was framed, so that they (the jury) would perceive the case presented a twofold aspect : one for wounding with the intents laid in the information, the other for common assault. There were several witnesses examined, but as Captain O'Halloran was nearest to the principals when the affair occurred, and as his evidence was above all suspicion, he (Mr Gwynne) would take that gentleman's account of the transaction. The par- ties met, a blow was struck, the stick fell. The 'citizen of the world' armed himself with a stone, and Mr Torrens then repossessed himself of the stick, intending no doubt to protect himself from the amiable cosmopolite who threatened him with the fate of the prophets, and then, as during the trial, evinced such kindly dispositions towards him. (A laugh.) The affair was simply such a street row as always occurs when a gentleman chooses to inflict summary public chastisement on those who have insulted him, or whom he wishes to degrade, and was not a case which came within the meaning of the Act. Then how came such a trumpery case to excite so much public attention? Because the pro- secutor's motives were founded in a mercenary love of lucre, and not in a high-principled love of public justice; and the legal proceedings from the first naturally excited extra- ordinary attention. However signally unsuccessful the pro- secetor might be in his attempts to asperse the character of Mr Torrens, his evidence proved he was eminently successful in his primary object, a foray on that gentleman's finances, as he admitted he had extracted £250 from Mr Torrens's pocket.] His Honor thought it better not to revert to collateral cir- cumstances. Mr Gwynne continued — He was bound to admit that a wound sufficient to meet the legal exigencies of the case was inflicted, but it was a very slight one. It was only just over the threshold of the legal definition, but still it came within the meaning of the Act of Parliament, and the question for them to arrive at was the intent with which the blow was given. It was always a difficult matter to judge of the intent, which was generally locked up in the individual's breast, and the legislature acted wisely in leaving such inquiry and decision to the jury, whose bias (if any) would be to the side of mercy. They (the jury), in dealing with that case, would take into their consideration the circumstances and the result, and so approximate to the intention of Mr Tor- rens, which was all they could hope to do, as he (Mr Gwynne) verily believed that gentleman had no clearly defined intention at the time. If a man fired a gun, stabbed with a dagger, or prodded with a pitchfork, and the action was accompanied with a threatening statement of intention, the jury would have reasonable guides in forming their de- cision. And in that case they were not altogether without such means. The weapon used was an ordinary walking- stick. The wound was proved most incontrovertibly to be of the most trivial description. The time it was inflicted broad daylight, and the place where it was done the most crowded thoroughfare in the city. If Mr Torrens intended to commit a felonious assault, he would have tracked the prosecutor to a lonely place on the way to his distant home, and have used a deadly weapon with more serious and cer tain effect. Every circumstance compelled them (the jury) to conclude that no felony was intended. There was a position laid down in the law books, which he (Mr Gwynne) could scarcely understand, namely, that a man should be held to intend the necessary consequences of his own act; but it was clear that Mr Torrens did not intend to maim, disfigure, disable, or to do a grievous bodily harm, for none of those results were or could be a necessary conse quence of his act. It was usual to tell juries that if they had a doubt they should give the prisoner the benefit of that doubt. But in that case the converse would hold, as there could be no doubt the object of Mr Torrens was only to in sult and degrade— to resent a grossly impertinent violation of the privacy of his home, an indefensible, a detestable in terference with the exercise of his hospitality. He (Mr Gwynne) would admit it was wrong of Mr Torrens to take the law into his own hands. But there were classes of men who would ever under similar provocation do the same thing. Indeed, there were few who would act with such forbearance as Mr Torrens exercised. The grossest aggra vation was systematically persisted in for a series of years, and the only perceptible cessation of the persecution was accounted for by the fact that for that period the prosecutor ceased to have the means of offence at his command. And they (the jury) found that, from the year 1841, Mr Torrens bore the grossest abuse, the cruellest imputations, and the most unfounded charges with exemplary patience. It was not until his hearth was invaded, his household gods dese crated, his hospitality misrepresented, and his friend, his guest traduced, that he stepped forward to punish the calumniator. The prosecutor might have still continued his bitter comments on Mr Torrens's public conduct. He might have accused him with impunity, of neglecting his duties, or of being incompetent to perform them, but he carried the aggression too far when he forced himself into his house and invaded the privacy of his fireside. Some men, especially Irishmen, considered it a sacred duty to avenge an insult offered to a guest whom they honoured with their hospitality — that hospitality, of which one of their own eloquent countrymen said, 'it rose, like all their virtues and their failings, warm from the heart.' The publication called Punch, although presented with a ludicrous aspect, involved a charge of gross corruption, and was rife with the most virulent imputations. It portrayed Mr Torrens as averting the consequences of neglect and incompetency by bribing Mr Cassells, a superior officer of excise, drowning his delinquencies in the bowl, and stopping the Inspector's mouth with devilled biscuits or the leg of a goose. (A laugh.) The learned gentleman read passages and com mented, en passant. 'Suppose I had reported how things really stand,' thus insinuating things were dishonestly con nived at; and for what? ' If you are going to stand goose and beeswing port, I shall not report your incapacity.' 'The tray was then brought in and the evening was spent in the usual manner.' He (Mr Gwynne) opined it was there insinuated that the Inspector and Collector got com fortably drunk together (a laugh), and further, that they usually did so, an imputation of itself affording sufficient ground for the Excise to remove an officer. Was not that carrying calumny too far? Was not that overstepping all reasonable bounds? Was Mr Torrens to be branded as a drunken and incompetent officer? The atrocity of the libel might be forgotten here in the ridicule its absurdity must awaken; but people at a distance might take, as men are ever prone to take, the uncharitable view and the inju rious impression. They (the jury) had seen Mr Torrens followed to his drawing room; where next would the libellor pursue him? The board assailed, would more sacred re cesses be respected? Himself and guest traduced, was it not time to vindicate his right to the peaceful possession of his own house! the enjoyment of his table!! the society of his friends!!! Then they (the jury) would perceive that the libel was to be concluded on the following Thursday. The last appeared on the Saturday, but on the Monday the as sault took place, and 'Punch' gave up the ghost. (A laugh.) Actions for libel cuuld not be instituted against some characters, and he would read a plan which the private prosecutor in that case proposed to adopt with such people. In an article in the Mining Journal, headed 'Liberty of the Press,' the prosecutor said : — 'The time has evidently come when this trade of wholesale libelling must be checked. It has long been endured and despised as the outpourings of stupid malignity, and in many well known instances allowed to go unpunished by considerations affecting the personal insignificance of the slanderer. But this is not likely to be the case much longer; and those means of prompt redress which suggest themselves to injured and irritated individuals may work a remedy which a slower and more expensive process has hitherto failed to procure.' His (Mr Gwynne's) client had been so irritated and injured. For seven years did his libeller go unpunished; and it was his personal in significance—his personal character — that protected him. 'But those means of prompt redress which suggest them selves to injured and irritated individuals have at length worked the remedy.' Wiser remarks (said Mr Gwynne) could scarcely be made upon the subject, and the writer could not conscientiously (if he owned such an impulse) blame Mr Torrens for acting on his advice. They (the jury) had seen that there were strong mitigatory circum stances attending the assault; and as the indictment only charged the felony, which was not, and could not be proved, they could return an unqualified verdict of not guilty, if they pleased. His Honor— Have you a case in point? Mr Gwynne — No, your Honor. His Honor summed up as follows: — In this case the in dictment contains four counts. The first count charges Robert Richard Torrens. Esq., that one George Stevenson, upon the face of the said George Stevenson, he feloniously unlawfully, and maliciously, did wound with intent to maim. The second count charges a similar assault with intent to disfigure. The third count charges the like with intent to disable; and the fourth count, with intent to do some grievous bodily harm. As the terms used in the indictment re quire to be understood clearly I must request you to bear in mind, that to maim, means to injure any member so as to render a man less able to defend himself; to disfigure, is to do some external injury which may detract permanently from personal appearance; to disable, is to do that which may permanently disable a man, as opposed to any mere temporary disability; and to do some grievous bodily harm, is to do something which may be dangerous to vitality. It is not requisite that the actual mayhem, or disfigurement, or disability, or griev ous bodily harm, should actually be proved to have been effected, if it is clear that the intent of the party indicted was to maim, or to disable, or to disfigure, or to do some grievous bodily harm; but as it is difficult, in the absence of any direct expression of the accused, to gather the inten tion to maim or to disfigure, or to disable, unless from the fact of the actual and permanent mayhem, or disfigurement, or disability, I think it right to direct you, that I do not conceive there is sufficient evidence to find for the Crown on the three first counts. To the last, which is the most general count, I shall now address myself: and as it is not denied that Mr Stevenson has been wounded, and as the in tention with which that wound was inflicted is really the issue you have to try, I think it necessary to enter into some explanation of the Act of the 7th William IV., and 1st Victoria, c. 85, in their connection with crimes such as that charged in the indictment. At common law, however danger ous a stab, or cut, or wound might be, if death did not ensue, the perpetrator of the violence escaped the conse quences of felony, and was only answerable to the penalties incident to a high misdemeanour. Hence, it frequently hap pened that crimes of the darkest dye escaped their merited punishment, and violence was the result of impunity. As early as the reign of Charles the Second, this evil attracted the attention of the legislature, and from that era to the present, various Acts have been framed to meet and punish crime consummated in intent but not in outward act. That there was great wisdom in this extension of the law is ad mitted by every reflecting mind, but it is impossible to avoid seeing that closely allied to the remedy, is a concomitant and almost insuperable difficulty. Man's outward acts appeal to the senses, and the definition and classification of such acts is a matter comparatively easy. But when we reverse the process, and have to fix the nature of the outward act by intents, which are for the most part hidden from all but the Creator, we have need of a patient vigilance and caution to escape from error. Not that there is much doubt when the outward act approaches closely to the confines of recog nised crime — as when deadly weapons are used, or deadly intentions openly expressed, or proof of antecedent design can be had— these cases come within the scope of the crimes the repression of which is contemplated, and we cannot well err. It is when we approach instances where the more violent passions of our nature are called into existence by some act of contumely or ridicule hard to bear, and exciting present anger, that the task becomes difficult. Passion is unreasoning— it is, says the Latin maxim, a short madness— where its operations are manifest, we reason unwisely if we impute deliberate design. So conscious does the legislature seem to have been of this, that it has left at the discretion of the jury to find, under such circumstances, a common assault, where the indictment charges felonious intent. It does not confound misdemeanour with an amount of crime blackening, nay forfeiting character, and involving the loss of a man's rights as a citizen. Wherever, therefore, an as sault is of a class likely to have arisen from such present causes as I have described, I need scarcely say that the legislature does not intend you to apply its highest penalty to repress that which fine and im prisonment may sufficiently meet. If, therefore, you are of opinion that in this case the evidence of anything con temporaneous with the assault, likely to have caused a suffi cient degree of present excitement to account for the al leged assault exists, and that there is the absence of any other sufficient motive shown, I think I may safely direct you this is not a case in which you can reasonably infer fe lonious intent ; and that, on such a supposition, it will be right that you should find Mr Torrens not guilty of the fe lony, but guilty of a common or aggravated assault. I will add some other tests of the absence of the sta tutable intent, which I think it requisite you should weigh attentively. In the first place, then, a man's character and position in life, although of no avail if you find the feloni ous intent, must be seriously weighed when the nature of the intent is at issue. On a recent trial of an indictment under these Acts (that of Beckell), I had occasion to direct the jury as I now feel bound to direct you. Established character is the result of long and continuous action in a right direction; and, as it is laboriously acquired, so is it not lightly thrown aside. A man of such character is entitled to reap its result : such a one may be betrayed by the pas sions of our nature into a momentary excess, but he can ne ver justly have ascribed to him deliberate thoughts and in tentions which are the antithesis of his previous existence. As is the tree, so is the fruit. In a lesser degree, but from a principle of a similar nature, we reason of intention from position. A man surrounded by ties which render life es timable, is environed by checks which have but a slight hold over those who, having nothing to lose, have but little to control the darker suggestions of the mind. It is not wise, therefore, to overlook position in life when canvassing intention ; although this does and ought to avail its pos sessor infinitely less than the stronger claims of unble mished reputation. Again, in drawing inferences as to the nature of intent, the method by which a man carries into effect the promptings of his anger are of infinite importance to a right conclusion. The Acts of the Imperial Parlia ment on which the present indictment is founded afford striking illustrations of this test. Shooting, stabbing, and cutting by dangerous weapons, at once lead the mind to in fer a commensurate intent ; but the use of an implement which is merely customary (a walking-stick for instance), leads to inferences directly the reverse, because commensu rate only with that with which it is connected. This test leads me to notice another, and a stronger. The man who has a deadly intent seldom, if ever, intrudes his act upon a multitude ; whereas, a man whose anger prompts him to insult another, seeks publicity as the necessary medium by which he is to attain his object. The very fact, therefore, that the assault complained of took place in the busiest haunts of our city, at a time when it must necessarily at tract universal attention — when friends were near the pro secutor, and succour and defence at hand — when to carry into effect any felonious object was almost an impossibility, and to make public an intended insult a certainty— these things seem to me so clearly to demonstrate the outward act to be inconsistent with a felonious intent, but tho roughly consistent with an intent to insult and to assault, that I confess I feel surprised such a test of intention should not have occurred to the Grand Jury. The fact that a true bill has been found under such circumstances is an additional proof of the value of the ordinary examinations before the magistrates, and the intervention of the public prosecutor. Had the usual depositions been forwarded, I should have felt it my duty to have made to the Grand Jury the observations which I now seek to impress upon you, and I think it is more than probable that in such an event I should have been spared the pain of directing, and you of deciding on the case, as one involving a charge of fe lonious intent. So strong is my impression on this head, that I shall feel it my duty to recommend that the office of public prosecutor should not in future be filled by any third person, when such preliminary examinations have not pre viously been had, so that this and the no less important check which is derived from the absence of all private inte rests in a public prosecutor, may guarantee that public jus tice shall be unaffected by private motives of any kind. We may add to the tests already adduced, one to which, in Brekell's case, I found it necessary to advert. I allude to the force given to the weapon used : I have already stated, when the intention is clear, the force given to the instru ment is immaterial ; but when the question of intention is unfixed, the degree of force is a very material ingredient in the data on which we bear our conclusion. From great force we may reasonably infer a deadly, as from the want of force, the common intent. In the present case, if the walk ing-stick mentioned in the evidence was of an ordinary size, the absence of any lethal weapons leads us to conclude the absence of a lethal intent, and if we assume it to be of the size of that produced by Mr Solomon, we arrive at the same point from the absolute necessity in such a case of our limiting the force of the blow given. This brings me to consider the question of intention by the new light thrown around it by recent events. Since the last Criminal Sitting an action has been brought to recover damages on the civil side of the Court for the very assault which is here charged as felonious, and damages have been assessed, and a verdict given for £250. Had this fact been anticipated by the Grand Jury, is it possible that they could have given any weight to evidence of a felonious assault from a quarter which had measured and accepted satisfaction for the in jury? To me, this seems improbable. Sitting here to ad minister justice impartially in the case before us, I do not wish to pre-judge facts which are not immediately at issue, and I shall therefore content myself with saying, that such a settlement of a civil injury appears to me anomalous, and utterly inconsistent with the contemporary belief of a fe lonious intent, and we must view the settlement alluded to as demonstrating that calmer feelings have led to the con viction that the idea of felonious intent cannot be sup ported, and that the offence was one which the law allows to be measured, and which might therefore be safely esti mated by the standard of money. Certainly, if I knew of no other fact, I should direct you that, in the face of such a proceeding, to find a felonious intent would be unsafe, if not absolutely unjust. And now let me close the comments I have thought necessary to make, by remarking that, inas much as the acts by which you may infer the existence, or non-existence, of felonious intent, are the true tests by which you must be guided in giving your verdict, it is scarcely necessary to observe to you that the nature and ex tent of the wound is only collaterally of moment. If you find a felonious intent, the slightest abrasion of the skin is sufficient to entitle the Crown to a verdict; if there is the absence of intention, the severity of the wound is compara tively unimportant. The jury, after about five minutes' consultation, returned a verdict of not guilty on all the counts in the indictment, but guilty of a common assault. His Honor — What position are we in now? Do you pray for judgment, Mr Advocate? Tue Advocate-General said he did not usually pray for judgment. It followed in due course, and he only wished the usual course to be followed in that case. Now that the verdict was given, he might say he fully concurred in it. Mr Gwynwe would pray that judgment be deferred. He denied that the Court could pass sentence under the cir cumstances, but was not quite prepared to argue the ques tion then. His Honor would consent to take Mr Torrens's own re cosnizance to come up for judgment, and also to keep the peace for twelve months. Mr Gwynne hoped his Honor would forego that latter re quisition. In the case of the King v. O'Gorman Mahon, the Court required that of the defendant, in consequence of some violent expressions he let fall in its presence. His Honor consented to take Mr Torrens's own recogni nance to abide judgment. The jury were then discharged, as that case terminated the Criminal Sittings. 