THE IRISH INSURRECTION. The following letter appears in the last number of the New York Nation : — "to the few men i eft in Ireland. " Nation Office, New York, December 20th, 1848. " My Friends, — For two weeks past I have been reading the newspapers at present published in Ireland and England — not, I assure you, with satisfaction, nor any great good-will towards their editors. " I find them chiefly occupied in the revival of the Nation, and a letter 1 felt it my duty to write to the Philadelphia Spirit of the Times, in October last, which letter they have copied in the New York Herald , with many strange and cowardly comments. The Dublin Mail attributes it to Lord Clarendon ; the Post to the Freeman's Journal; the Freeman is dumb as death upon it; the Wexford Independent denies, 'on authority/ that I ever wrote it ; the Limerick Reporter gives 'five reasons' why I could not have written it; Douglas Jerrold's paper sneers at it ; Punch caricatures it ; the Tablet calls it "a celebrated letter;' and, for aught I know, all the papers I have not seen are equally occu pied with its contents. " One like me, whose actions and place are public, cannot afford to let some of these criticisms go unan swered. I take the charges against my. course to be substantially these ; — " I am accused of exonerating the Catholic clergy of any share in the late movement, I do exonerate them from everything but its failure. I repeat here, distinctly, my conviction that they made ' the movement fail by preaching that it would fail,' May God and their country forgive them for the course they took in this last terrible trial of a too pliable people ! " I am censured for saying this, and in that censure the Repealer and the Tory unite ! The Tory blames me for exculpating them from what he calls ' treason " (that is, in plain Irish, from patriotism) ; and the Re pealer, for presuming to canvass the non-conduct of so august a body of men, Miserable Repealer ! infatuated l ory ! Neither liberty, nor peace, nor prosperity can ever enter the land where such bigotry, and servility, and men like you are found. "I am accused of 'tightening the rope round the necks of my friends.' This is not true. There is nothing in my letter which the government did not know. Is it, indeed, pretended that there was no intention of rebellion ? Base, cowardly equivocators, do you mean to say that? Do you dare to assert that forty years of insult and robbery, and three years of famine and extermination, and Mitchell's massacre, and the gagging of the press, and the suppression of the ;ight of meeting, and the arrest of so many virtuous nen, made no rebels in Ireland ? Who are you that dare so to stigmatize the Irish nation as to proclaim that, robbed, it will not defend itself? — spat on it will not resent it ? — trodden on like a worm, it will not turn on the hoof that crushes it? Is it you or me that 'tighten the rope?' You, who disclaim your manhood, or I, who would save it in its fall, and put together its fragments ? " No ; if Thomas Francis Meagher and Charles Gavan Duffy were in New York, instead of being where .« rt «.i /\ln 1 11 it _ -'lit i they are, omitn u onen ana au tne rest wouia oe sate enough ! Thank God ! we have here some timbers of the wreck ; if we had a few more, we might reconstruct on these shores a movement more fatal to British op pression than any that can be erected in Ireland. No ! my Philadelphia letter, instead of doing them harm, I dare affirm, is one reason why they have not been dealt with more summarily. If they had all the active Con federates in one convict ship, it would be good policy to weigh anchor and sail for Sydney ; but the escape of one-half has been the protection of the other. The re-appearance of the Nation at New York, three months after it was suppressed in Dublin, has done no harm ; it has startled the villains in power of that island, like the ghost of their victim. They sneer at its size, its style, and its typography. These are small matters — 'it is the spirit that quickeneth.' For their information we can tell them that its circulation is nearly as great as that of the journal they so infamously suppressed, and they know well that one enemy in America is more formidable to their commerce and their misrule than ten in Ireland. We have the long end of the lever nere. " But why write such a letter at such a time 1 Listen : " When I arrived in the United States 1 saw every Irishman's head hanging down with shame, a sneer on every Saxon's lip, a pitying cold contempt in every free Republican's manner. Slievenamon was called Slieve- gammon ; it was the proper synonyme for every other humbug. I found that men in the highest positions had been induced to place themselves in the public position of Irish sympathisers : judges, senators, mer chants, journalists, clergymen, bishops, candidates for the Presidency — all had ' been drawn out on the side of Ireland — all had arrayed themselves against the great mercantile correspondent of this union — England. As their hopes had been high, and their words sanguine, so their vexation and disgust were intense. Many of them (my friends Du Solle, Fisk, Dunne, and others in Phila delphia) declared that I owed to these gentlemen, to the New York Directory, to the Irish character itself, a written statement of the causes of 'failure.' I wrote this letter ; it was printed in every newspaper in the union, and the Irish name was saved from utter scorn, and restored to some degree of American sympathy. " I wanted to show that the people in Ireland were not utterly degenerate. Now, there was only one way to save them, and that was to take the grounds that a strong native influence was employed to hold them back. I took that ground ; 1 said the Catholic clergy have caused the 'non-commencement of the Irish revolution;' and I defy any man to deny the truth of this. 1 have in my possession data enough to put it beyond all question, but I would rather not publish it. It is neither my object nor my wish to make a case against the clergy. I have made a case for Ireland, and I am satisfied. I stand by my work without regret or shame. " The Dublin Packet accuses me of deserting the Irish policy of Davis and Duffy ; I do not. Their means were educatioual — so were mine. Their policy was constructive — so is mine. They served all Ireland ; I enlarged the field of labour, and serve the Irish race, whether in the island of Ireland, or out of it— of what ever creed, or grade, or calling they may be. "One feature, indeed, I have added — that is, the American. Years ago, in the Boston paper I then wrote for, I declared the hope of Ireland to be the growth of America. I showed that the map of this country was destined to embrace all the northern continent, and that the Republic would 'put its arm round the Isthmus' before many years. O'Connell made a declaration of mine, ' that the Atlantic would become the battle field of opposing politics,' a clause in his indictment of the old Nation. Two years ago I pointed out in the same journal that Ireland was the beBt commercial depot for America on that coast of the Atlantic, and I never lost an opportunity of explaining American character ; and urging a cordial understanding with this great Republic. The address to Mr. Dallas — the only national acknow ledgment of American aid in the famine years— and the Dublin address to Captain Forbes were both my work. If that course of policy makes me a ' Red Republican/ I am as red as red-hot iron, and as ill likely to cool. With this addition, the policy of the Nation is precisely the same as that famous journal whose name it has assumed. " So far, friends in Ireland, I have felt bound to you, myself, and the truth, to explain. I will go no further at present. But I propose to address you a public letter through this paper, by every mail that leaves these shores for yours ; and I will endeavour, in that series, to tell you something of what a Republic is, what it is worth, how it can be come by, the duties of citizens, and other information necessary for you to know, whether you are to live in Ireland or emigrate here. " Meanwhile, I have the honor to be, your sincere friend, "T. D. M'GEE." 