PORT LINCOLN.—POLICE COMMISSIONERS OF- FICIAL REPORT. The brutal murders which have recently been committed at Port Lincoln, are the only other cases in this return to which I feel it necessary for me particularly to allude. On the 3rd May, Mr James Beevor, a gentleman of great respectability and a very old colonist, who occupied a sheep-station about fifty miles from Port Lincoln, was barbarously murdered, at the door of his hut by the Aborigines. From the investigation that took place, it appears that Mr Lodwick, his partner, left the hut in the morning of the day above mentioned, for the purpose of depasturing the sheep, the deceased, Mr Beevor remaining at home wth three native men and one woman, and one native boy, who had been for some time acting in the capacity of a servant. On Mr Lodwick's return in the evening with his sheep, Mr Beevor was discovered dead at the door of the hut. The native boy stated, that about noon, on the day in question, Mr Beevor sent him to fetch in his mare that he went, leaving the three native men and one woman with Mr Beevor ; he experienced some trouble in finding the mare, and a considerable time elapsed ere he returned to the hut, where he found Mr Beevor dead, the hut ransacked, and the other natives gone. The report of this transaction reached the police at Port Lincoln on the morning of the 4th May, when im- mediate steps were taken to apprehend the suspected parties; the character of the surrounding country con- sisting of dense scrub, through which it is scarcely possible for Europeans to pass, and stony ground, always resorted to by the cunning savages on occasions of this kind, rend- ered the unwearied exertions of the police fruitless. On the evenmg ot the 7th of the same month, however, when in the act of tethering their horses and camping for the night, at a station belonging to Mr Vaux on Lake Hamilton, after a fatiguing search over more than forty miles of country, they received information of another murder committed on the person of a woman, the wife of a shepherd, named Eastone, residing about two miles from Mr Vaux's. Not a moment was lost in immediately proceeding to the spot where Corporal Geharty, on entering the hut perceived the body of the woman lying on a bed place dead, a child, about six weeks old, by her side, unharmed, but nearly exhausted from continued crying ; the unfortunate woman appeared to have been in the act of dressing the child, which was naked when the police arrived. Three spears had entered her breast—most probably the cause of death —another had passed through both cheeks, one in the back of the neck, and there was also discovered a bruise on the left thigh, which appeared to have been inflicted with some heavy instrument. The pursuit was resumed immediately, and continued without intermission until the night of the 8th, when the police returned to the hut of Eastone, the shepherd, both men and horses completely exhausted, not having relaxed in their exertions day or night since the morning of the 4th. The early dawn of the 9th found them again renewing the search, when their hopes of success were considerable raised, owing to the native guide, whose assistance they had procured, having brought them to an encampment which had been, from ap- pearances, left only the night before, and no doubt occu- pied by some of the murderers, as the ramrod of a gun which had been taken from Eastone's hut, was there found; but notwithstanding the very skilful distribution of his force, made by Corporal Geharty, and the cunning and address of the native guide, all traces of them were soon lost. Eastone, the husband of the murdered woman states that he left his wife in bed 0n Monday morning the 7th May, and proceeded to the head station, having desired her to employ a native and his wife, who had been at the hut on the evening before, to cut some grass for the purp- pose of putting into a bed-tick ; on his return the same evening he discovered his wife dead, as previously described, and the grass which was to have been cut by the natives ready outside the hut door. It is difficult even to imagine a more barbarous act ; so cruelly to deprive of life a poor helpless woman, with an infant at her side, with no ap- parent object in view save that of rifling the hut, which she could not have prevented, equals in atrocity anything recorded in the most dismal page in the history of barbarism. On the morning of the 10th the search was again renewed and continued, with indefatigable perseverance, until the evening of the 15th, when Corporal Geharty re- turned to head quarters, at Port Lincoln, both men and horses completely knocked up, having, in the language of the Corporal, "visited every native well known to me within fifty miles of the station; his want of success in the apprehension of the murderers being, by the native guide, who accompanied the party, and who has been known to the corporal for the last eight years, attributed to the fact of their not having encamped anywhere, travelling night and day, eating the raw flour, and selecting a line of country over which it would be impossible to trak them, and through which they were enabled to travel at greater speed than horsemen. The intelligence of the murder of Mr Beevor was received at this office on the 12th May, at which time, by a fortunate coincidence, the reinforcement to be permanently attached to the station in the district of Port Lincoln, was on the point of embarking in the Yatala, under the command of Inspector Tolmer, who was proceeding thither for the purpose of superintending the erection of two out stations, as well as making a proper distribution of the augmented force. Scarcely however, had that officer set his foot on the Peninsular, when he received information that several natives were lying dead near the mine, sup- posed to have been poisoned. Corporal Geharty having so recently arrived from his unsuccessful though persevering search of the murderers of Mr Beevor and Mrs Eastone, and their horses requiring rest, Inspector Tolmer directed his immediate attention to the investigation of this occurrence. A hut-keeper, named Patrick Dwyer, was apprehended on suspicion of harving administered the poison, or rather of having left some flour containing arsenic so that it might be taken by the natives ; but owing to the decomposed state of the bodies when discovered, which prevented Mr Sharman, the medical gentleman who accompanied the party on this occasion, testifying to the cause of death, and to the want of other satisfactory evidence connecting the prisoner with the charge, the Resident Magistrate felt himself bound to discharge him : and I fear that no reasonable hope exists that the perpetrator of this cowardly and cruel deed will ever be discovered. It is worthy of remark, that from the appearance of the bodies of these natives, it was judged by Mr Sharman, that some three weeks must have elapsed since their death ; as connecting those friends and relatives of the deceased, who witnessed, but were fortu- nate enough to escape the effects of the poison, with the murders of Mr Beevor and Mrs Eastone, the elapsed time just allowing them the opportunity of traversing space contained between the scenes of the occurrences. The supposition of their being connected is also strengthened by their known and natural propensities to retaliate and revenge the wrongs sustained by the mem- bers of their own peculiar tribes, and if eventually proved to be correct, tends to point out the imprudence, to say the least of it, of resorting to unlawful methods of pu- nishing the aborigines - a practice rendering the innocent on both sides liable to the consequences of the sins of the guilty. While preparing for another expedition in pursuit of the culprits, Inspector Tolmer received intelligence of an affray which had taken place at the station of Mr Horn, on the N.W. coast, about one hundred and twenty miles from Port Lincoln. Early the following morning, May 30th, Corporal Geharty, accompanied by four constables, started for that station ; but in consequence of subsequent information connected with the murders, Corporal Geharty proceeded in the first place to Sleaford and Coffin's Bays, and finding the report groundless, joined Inspector Tolmer Mr Horn's station on the 6th June, that officer with his party having left Port Lincoln on the 2nd of the same month. According to Mr Horn's account, his hut had been stripped of everything it contained, during his temporary absence ; he had taken the precaution to leave two men in charge of the same, one of whom appears to have been lame, and the other, I have no doubt, dreading the conse- quence of resisting the robbers, after the late frightful scenes, suffered them to take possession of the property. They were pursued, however, by Mr Horn and his party, without loss of time, and overtaken with the stolen property in their possession, but determined, apparently, not to part with it without resistance, a fight took place, said to have heen commenced by the natives, which resulted in the death of one native woman and two men, the capture of five, and the flight of the rest. Deeply as the loss of life, under such circumstances, is to be regretted, it is some satisfaction to find that two of the men who were killed, if not the actual perpetrators of the bloody deed, had, beyond any doubt, been concerned in the murders of Mr Beevor and Mrs Eastone, having clothes and other effects on their persons which have been since recognised as stolen from the huts. Reserving one of the prisoners captured by Mr Horn's party as a guide, and forwarding the remainder to Port Lincoln, Inspector Tolmer started on the 7th June in pursuit of the rest of the tribe ; but although his exertions are entitled to the highest degree of credit, and although on one or two occasions he was so close upon the fugitives as to render it necessary for them to leave behind their booty, consisting of many of the articles stolen from Mr Beevor and Mrs Eastone, such is the intense thickness of the scrub and rugged character of the country, that he did not succeed in coming up with them. Even in these cases, where they can ho tracked, it is scarcely possible of Eueopeans to overtake them, and their escape at this season of the year is still further facilitated by tho abundance of a peculiar root, called "Pillaloo," which they procure as they travel, and eat they raw, their need of water being supplied from that which is collected and remains in the hollows of the rocks. the Disappointed and fatigued, the Inspector states, that "finding my stores and provisions getting short, and there being no more water for the horses, l felt myself reluctantly forced to give up the pursuit for the present, and returned to Port Lincoln yesterday (the 15th June), leaving three of my party at Mr Vaux's station to recruit their horses," intending to renew the search so soon as his men and horses were in a condition to do so. Inspector Tolmer appears to have been as good as his word, for we find him again leaving Port Lincoln on the of the same month, and after five days of unwearied pursuit, during the late most inclement weather, with that ingenuity, address, and courage, in affairs of this kind, for which he is so remarkable, surprising a party of natives at their camp, and succeeds in capturing two men and two women. I shall abstain in this report from making any observations as to the value ot the evidence, which will be eventually produced against the persons, eleven in number, who, through the activity of the police, have been apprehended for the murders of Mr Beevor and Mrs Eastone. They have all been committed by the Resident Magistrate to take their trial; and I do most sincerely hope, in furtherance of theo ends of justice, as a warning to these brutal savages, and in order to restore confidence amongst the settlers in the district, that the measure of legal proof required to obtain a conviction will not in this, as in many previous cases of a similar character, be wanting—and the same necessity exist for these inhuman wretches being again turned adrift on society, to repeat thdr barbarous acts with the like impunity. THE VALUE or Wostsx is " En DORADO."—A lady writes from San Francisco to her friend in Massachusetts as follows :—" The demand for marriageable womtn seems to be as great as for goods. This is tbe only country in the world were women are properly appreciated. The proportion of males in vbe territory is five to or.e of females, and the labour of females is as much needed in cooking, &c.;, at the gold regions, as tho males. There have been more marriages the last few months than in ten years previous, in this country. The squaws, before they will g 0 to the gold region, make efforts to get white husbands, which they soon obtain in the present state of affairs. Father Manaque, the Catholic Priest, has informed me that he married the last month 110 white men to squaws. The consequence is, that the poor Indians will soon be left without any class of females from which they can choose, as certainly no white women of whatever condition in society, will marry an Indian, whea'she can leadily marry a white man of some wealth and prominence. Some of the most ugly and slovenly servants here, marry traders, who have accumulated fortunes in a week."—American paper. A CHINESE PROFESSION.—There is a description of trade confined in China, and highly characteristic ot its soeial condition. A number of elderly ladies, generally widows, make it their business to colleet gossip, on dits, and stories of all sorts, with which they repair to houses of the rich, announcing their arrival bv the beating a small drum, which they carry for that purpose, and ofter their services to amuse the ladies of the family. When it is recollected that shopping, public assemblies* and even morning calls, are all but forbidden to the beauty and fashion of China, by their country *s notions of both propriety and feet, some idea may be formed of the welcome generally given to these "reporting dames. They are paid according to the time employed, at the rate of about half-a-crown an hour, and are besides in the frequent receipt of presents—their occupation affording many opportunities of making th mselves generally useful jui matters of courtship, rivalry, and etiquette. On t these accounts they generally retire from bti&inese; in easy circumastances, but ar« said never to do so unW obliged c by actual infirmity ; and the Chinese remark that theirs f is the only profession to which its practitioners ate uniformly attached by inclination. • a TB* INDUSTRIAL SPIRIT—What is it that pro!ou idly spnarate.4 ancient from molern eiviliz.it'^n f Two things Christianity and the industrial spirit. Whatever is ciiliar to modern times, owes its existence to one of thn^p two agents. Of course, we do *ot deny "that .ancient societv, ai*o. had its industrial element : but th«. industrial element ptavs a pirt. in modern Europe which has no counterpart in the ancient world- And here we do not refer to our mechanical superiority merely, to the obvious TOnrvelsof our industry. We refer to the rise of the industrial clashes into power ; to the transformation which they have effected in society, converting it from » state in which toe military spirit was dominant, lflto a stafe In which the industrial spirit i* dominant, Sortfo traces of the ancient feeling still remain, and sneers nfc trade occasionally curl the lips of those who gstte themselves aristocratic aire. The notion of a gentlemah s still essentially feudal: it is thit of am an who doe* not labour but for whom otheis Uboar. This feeling will not soon die out. Meanwhile, the fact of the whole spirt of society having ceased to bo military, is indisputable. Labour of head or hand has come to be the necessity of gentlemen as of villains. Tho warlike spirit has yielded to the pacific spirit. The much ridiculed "Peace Congress " is admitted, even by those who lan?h at if, to be only somewhat pre,.taf.trre : its otijeet is desirable, though Europe may not be prepared to carry it ont. But the existence of such a scheme is significant. Utopia* even in their extravagance reveal tho tendency of an a Such a project as that of universal peace, which only excites a smile at its prematurity, would have seemed to our ancestors a buffoonery more extravagant than anything engendered by the combined genius of Pulci, EUbolai*, and Swift. EMIGRANTS TO OTAOO.—Nearly sixty emigrants, are to sail from London on Monday next, in tho ship Cornwall for Otayo, left Granton on Wednesday, m tlia General Steam Navigation Company's ship tho l.eith, for London. Among them were a number of families an(f young gentlemen, who go out in the capacity of landotrners and the rest were mechanic*, shepherds,"and agrlcultural labourers, whose respactable appearance evinced ttat t h °y wcro persons of a superior class. Of the part? vrero also two ladies, who go out to Otazo to open an in stitution for the education of femnles of the higher rants. The Cornwall is tho second of tho New Zealand Company V ships this year, and a third is to sail with a large body pf emigrants in about six weeks. By the latest advice* from Otago. we learn, that in less than six: months after thn arrival of the first party of emigrants from Scotland, the population of the settlement amounted to upwards of * thousand souls, and it will now havo beon greatly aug" menf ed by the large accession of settlers who have left this country. If this interestinc settlement continue to prosper as it has done —which there is every reason to expect —it will shortly rival many of tha older settlements of New Zealand and Australia. — Caledonian Mercury. April 18th. THE ARMT or THB UXITNA STATES.—-The American cart never be made a soldier ; his constitution will not bear the restraint of discipline, neither will his very mistaken notions about liberty allow him to subject bimsolf to it* necessary control. In a country, abounding with all th® necessaries of life, and where anyone of physical ability t» at no loss for profitable employment,—moreover, where, from the nature of the country,* the lawer. classes lead a life free from all the restraint of society, and almost it* conventional laws,—it is easy to conceive that it wnull require great inducements for a man to enter the 5*miy and subject himself to discipline for tho sake of the trifling remuneration, when so many other sourccs of profitable employment are open to him. For these reasons, the service is unpopular, and only resorted to by men who aro either too indolent to work, or whose bad characters prevent them seeking better employment. The volunteering service, on the other hand is eagerly sought, on occasions such as the present war with Msxico affords, by young men even of the most respectable classes ; as in this, diicipline exists but in name, and they havo privileges and rights, such as electing their own offioers, &c;,, which they consider to be more consonant to their ideas of liberty and equality. Th e system is palpably bad, as they have sufficiently proved in this war. Tne election of officers i made entirely a political question, and quito irrespective of tbeir military qualities ; and, knowing the footing on which they stand with the men, they, if even they know how, are afraid to exact of them either order or discipline. Of drill or maneuvering the volunteers hav« Hi tie or roide^; *• Every man on his own hook" is their system in acticn, and, trusting to and confident in their undeniable bravery, " they go ahead," and overcome all obstacles. No people know better tbo advantages of discipline th*>n do the officers of the regular scrviee ; and it is gre itly to their credit that they can keep the standing array in tho state it is. As it iB mostly composed of foreigners—Germans, English, and Irish, and' deserters from the British army—they might be brought to as perfect a state of dis cipline as any of the armies of Enrope. But the feeling of the peoplo will not permit it; the public would at onoo cry oat against it. as contrary to republican notions and liberty of the citizen. There is a v the oflioers of the regular army and the men they command. Receiving at Wespofnt (an admirable institution) a military education, by which they acquire a practical a* well as theoretical knowledge of tho acienoe of war, as a class they are probably more distinguished for military knowledge than the officers of any European army. Uniting with this a high chivalrous feeling and mOst conspicuous gallantry they have all the essentials of the officer and soldier. Notwithstanding this, they have been an unpopular class in the United States, being accused of having a tendency to aristocratic feeling ; but rather, I do believe, from the marked distinction in education and character, whichj divides them from the mass, than anf other reason. However, tho lato operations in Mexico have sufficiently proved, that to their regular offioers alone, and more particularly to those who have been educated at tho iaueh decried Westpoint, are to be attributed tho successes which have everywhere attended tho American arms ; and it is notorious that on more than one occasion the steadiness of the small regular force, and pirticularly of tbe artillery under their command, has saved the army from most serious disasters.—/fnxfon'* Adventures in Mexico. Pfiixrorrs or EXBTEB, JLTO >I;I. SHOHE.—The following is reported as tho true statement by the'ffc*. iJr. Smyth of the case of Mr Shore. It is worth reading, as illustrative of the causes of tho rapid increase ot dissent throughout England. Phi'potts and his followers aro finishing, with inconceivable rapidity, tho Church Establishment in England. South Australia, hippily, is not yet cursed with establishments CASE OF MR SHORE. -Mr Shore was for fifteen years an ordained minister of the Church of England. He was curate of Berry Panerey, when tbe Bishop of Exeter entered uaon his diocese in the year 1830. Mr Shore discharged the duties Of his curacy for two years thereafter, having been transferred to a chapel in the same parish, erected by the Duke of Somerset, which, however, although licensed according to the due ecclesiastical order, was never consecrated, or formally and exclusively set apart to religious worship, m connection with the Church of England. • The other vicar of the parish, Mr Edwards, nominated Mr Shore to hlr new living, and he commenced his duties with tbe fall sanction of the Bishop. In 1834, Mr Edwards died,- and was succeeded by Mr Brown; and Mr Shore-continued minister of the same chapel till the^year 1813. That was a memorable year for Mr Shore, and for many others as well as him. Many of us have good reason to remember it. Rut let that pass. In the year »843, Mr Brown, the vicar, gave way to Mr Cousins, who exchanged places with him. And then the Bishop informed Mr Shore, fbr the first time, that he must be nominated anew by the vicar who had just been appointed, in order to his continued Fervice?. Immediately after tbo appointment of Mr Cousins, Mr Shore was declared no longer-officiating minister of the chapel at Bridgetown. Aud I am sorry to add, 6ir, tbat in this part of the history, the Bishop'of Exeter sectus fo have acted in a tvay that is not very creditab'e to hi« Christian integrity. In a litter addifessed to Mr Sh- ro, he lays the odium of ejecting him st the door of tbe new vicar, although it is confessed tbe vicar was aeting under the direct authority of the Bishop in that transaction, and simply fulfilling his pleasure. 1 sltali not dwell on these proceedings. -Suffice it to notice briefly what afterwards took place. Mr Shore was commanded to desist from preaching in the parish of Berry Panerey. The chapel in which he bad officiated for nine years was shut. Tin' vicar did not nominate a successor, for this tpl&in-reason;, the chapel belonged to < the Duke of Somerset ; and that nobleman came to MrShore's rescue in the loudy day. • He stood in the b ieadi —neolTed tlut %o would protect, as far asiponi^ an^ Jesus Christ. Mr Shore naturaliy enoogh felt system pWA pera!tl»a*iM& Viiis^Miir'^i^ Wtt tbe least of it, not a little volnewtble. He " carefully bis new and most trying jmsitioa. He |*l|t it was one which hi& Great Master did not approve; that he was bound to fulfil his high commission to preach the gospel to every creature, whether men would hear, or whether they would forbear. That duty he could no longer fulfil without let or hindrance within the Church of England. He therefore ceased to be a minister of that church, and became a Nonconformist, declaring all the words of this life as God gaye him opportunity. (Cheers.) The chapel in which he had laboured was duly registered as a Protestant Dissenting chapel, under the authority of the proprietor. Mr Shore, in the course of a fortnight afterwards, was duty registered as a Nonconforming minister, having signed the terms demanded by the Act of Toleration. In ignorance, probably, of the technical rules laid down by the canon-law, he had preached for a Sabbath or two on his own responsibility, before he had formally seceded from the Established Church. That very pardonable offence was laid hold of as proving his disobedience to ecclesiastical authority. It was a mistake, and as such it was speedily rectified. I refer to it, not on account of any intrinsic importance* which it possesses, but as a part of the case, and that its whole bearings may be fully understood. W« have then, at this stage, Mr Shore a duly registered Nonconformist minister, rejoicing, even amidst tribulation, that he had been counted worthy to suffer for Christ's name's sake. Would cot any man have imagined that even within the diocese of Exeter, Mr Shore was at liberty to preach the gospel of the grace of God—to proclaim his Divine Master's will to all who were disposed to hear it from his lips? How passing strange that his secession from the Church of England—occasioned by no fault ever imputed to him—no heresy in doctrine— no immorality in life—nothing that the most lynx-eyed enmity could have detected as evil—should have been visited with pains and penalties ! Yet, so it was. This ejected minister is admonished by the Bishop in regard to his breach of order in preaching without a license. He is summoned before a clerical commission to give an account of his misdeeds. He appeals from a jurisdiction which he had conscientiously rejected, after he had formally protested against its right to sit in judgment on his case. Tlio next step was a citation of Mr Shore before the Court of Arches, and there he appeared, protesting anew against the right thus to deal by him. He was cast in that court, and enjoined to pay all costs. Ho carried his case accordingly to the Court of Queen's Bench, and there again he must suffer for his change of views. According to the decision of the presiding judge. Mr Shore could not cease to be a clergyman of the Church of England, having promised canonical subjection, at his ordination, to his ecclesiastical superiors. Read the law. As his last resort, he goes to the judicial committee of Privy Council, who remit Mr Shore to the court from which he had taken his appeal, and a bill is brought against him for bishop's costs. It is not deemed sufficient that he should defray all his own costs. Then, he is willing to pay, nay, has paid, to the uttermost farthing. But he must also pay the costs of the very man who had been the main, acd, in one sense, the sole agent of all his sufferings and privations. And more than this, suppose that Mr Shore had felt it his duty, and had possessed the revenue which enabled him to meet these heavy demands, he is even after all obnoxious to pains and penalties, to imprisonment as a felon, for daring to preach the gospel of Christ contrary to the commands of the Bishop of Exetef. It is a complete misconception of the merits of this case to say that Mr Shore is a sufferer merely from contempt of any court, civil or ecclesiastical. In strict legal form he may be regarded as a prisoner in Exeter Gaol, because of his payment of costs in a suit between himself and his former bishop. This is a very convenient mode of disguising the actual condition of things. But such shallow and insidious explanations will not satisfy any man who is determined to look at the case in all its length and breadth. \- Is it not plain to demonstration that the heart and front of Mr Shore's offending is his presuming to minister in holy things in defiance of the Bishop of Exeter 1 Why, sir, but for this, there would be no case before us this evening. Had Mr Shore tamely consented to keep silence, instead of exercising the functions ot the Christian ministry, he would have escaped all costs, and would not have been this evening confined within the walls of a prison. He might have had liberty, so far as his person was concerned, but he would have been released the enrolling distinction of being the prisoner of Jesus Christ, a brother of tribulation with many of those who esteemed the reproach of Christ greater riches than all the treasons in Egypt. Our afflictcd friend possesses one mark of apostolical succession, which the Bishop of Exeter, who is so zealous an advocate of that doctrine, wou\d de well to ponder. He is following up, sir, that which is believed of the sufferings of Christ, as a genuine successor of Paul the prisoner, and of many others of that great cloud of witnesses, like- minded with Paul in his memorable experience, when he could thus appeal to the elders of the church of Ephesus—"And now, behold I go hound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing things that shall befall me there; save that the Holy Ghost, which\wiinc££eth in every city, says that afflictions abide me." I envy neither the heart nor the head of the man who, to conciliate ears polite, would hesitate to express publicly in the words of his motion his just indignation and abhsrrence of. the intolerant and cruel proceedings whereby Mr Shore is at this moment a prisoner in Exeter Gaol. POVERTY IK BRITAIN-—PLENTT IN THE COLONIES.— We observe that the eense of present dangers and the wisdom of piovision are alive in the popular heart and on the popular tongae. Government of course dees nothing, or next to nothing. Tied down by the Wakefield regulation, it contents itself with dribbling a few hundreds per month upon the expectant and unsatisfied soil of Australia and Capeland. The best thing it has done latelj— the colonial settlement of the English laboureja expelled from France—it did on the earnest and indefatigable entreaties of private benevolence. " Uhat cumbious and inefficient machine," the Colonial Office—equally incapable cf relieving pressure at home and grievances abroad—at once insufficient in numbers, incomplete in arrangement, ar.d arrogant in demeanour—leaves the guidance and control of a great national undertaking to the capacities of private enterprise and the impulses of private patriotism. Associations are doing what it is the business of the Government and the legislature to do. Whilst the labour markets of Europe are overstocked, and the capital of European investment uuremunerative, that great woifc, which should not only ease a redundant tonipfctiticn here, but create a new demand and new markets at the other end of the globe, is neglected by government and the parliament. The night—the one single night in tha whole session—which had been fixed for a compendious and comprehensive view of the state of our colonies, 4$ let slip by the collusion of the government and the House of Commons; and the colonies—unrepresented in the metropolitan state by which they are misgoverned—find that redress is denied to their grievances, and a hearing to their petitions,_ in that assembly where constitutional theory has laid down, and interest demands, that the most remote dependencies of the crows should find advocate?, allies, and judges. With such administrative neglect, and neglect by the legislature before their eyes, can we wonder-that the colonies regard the phrase with which statesmen have beguiled them, " integral portions of the empire," as a delusion and an Insult f But, if the English Parliament is indifferent to them, the EnglisJt people is not. The national importance of the colonies is gradually becoming wider and better kno<vn. Every family that has connexions in America, Australia, or Capeland, iB in monthly 7 receipt of adviceB respecting the resources and requirements of these settlements. They compare what they hear thence with what they see here. They feel the absurdity, nay, the criminality, of leaving men to starve in one part of the empire who might thrive in another, and whose distant prosperity would create metropolitan wealth. Every one that has perused the statistics of English trade and commerce during the last seventy years knows how much the increase of population in the United States of America has—despite of hobtile tariffs and national antipathies —reacted on the springs of industry and the employment of capital in England. If the United States—a separated and sometimes a hostile nation—has stimulated British industry so much, jrhat may be expected hereafter from a continent far vaster than that of the American republic, commanding four Beas with ample fisheries, and peopled by a race British not only in blood and language, but in sentiment, sympathy, and loyalty. Atthis moment Australasia, with a population of i80,C00 souls, is consuming more Brilibh manufactures and remunerating more British bauds than the whole of British North America with its 2,100,000 inhabitants did in the year 1774 ! What ihf nmayuot be Loped from the same Australasia when the numbers of its people, have been multiplied by ten, its communications with England promoted by 8te«n>, and its pride or loyalty not affronted by the ji.*oi«iceor ignorance of domestis tapists?— Tin es, CossmoiioNAL FORMS MUST PIT THE PEOPLE.—What Coleridge said of creeds religious, will apply to creeds political. /That good man said he had found that, under every creed, men grew up to every degree of worth and worthlessness. So I find it with every political form. Under each, men have grown up to all degrees of worth and worthlessness. There are political forms more likely to generate worth than others; nevertheless, all political forms which are not borne up with something deeper, more airy akd spiritual than that, will be like a new fashion worn by a man not prepared for it, more cumbersome than useful, more annoying than'really developing to himself. New, you may remember the tale of a traveller. A European officer gave to an African savage a coat. The man was highly pleased with it—brass buttons pleased him well. But, unfortunately, he was an African, and he put on the coat which had been given to tiim with its tails to the front. It is true he put his arms into the sleeves. But mark the lesson to be drawn from that. You must be a European before a European coat will fit you. And of more than eoats is it true. All forms in the world are but the dress in which something better than themselves should be clothed. All political forms — all external things, which hold a soul, are so far beautiful, as they express what is beneath them, neither more nor less. Now, a form may be thrust upon men for which they are not ready. Our glorious constitution would not suit Russia. In spite of prcpagandism, and what we often hear said, I don't believe that a Russian would put our constitutional coat on well. I am afraid the tails would be in front. That coat is not for them, tut for us. True, it sometimes wants letting out, for we are a.growing boj. Or if you think our national dignity is insulted by calling us that, we'll go to the favourite of John Bull. He is rather large, and has a tendency in good times to get larger. Like his coat, our constitution wants letting out; but not many of us think that the tails should be cut off, or be torn to pieccs. It wants a patch now and then, a little enlargement, a little new binding, a button or two. All these things are good, but the constitution here carried to a people altogether unprepared for it, would be an apocrypha—a meaningless lie. It would be a form up to which a man has not yet grown. Now, suppose to-morrow we all got our political nostrums carried out, we would be very hungry the next day; some people would be excessively lazy, some excessively industrious. There are things which no political transmigration can better. Shuffle the political pack, and we won't change many things to better the hands which move it. Not that we undervalue political change, but we ask people to grow up to the forms which they establish. * * * All our institutions should ever be looked upon as garments, to be let out when they are too small to fit. Nor should they be let out, as the garments of a child sometimes are, before the growth of the child renders it necessary, lest, as tbe child would, wider such circumstances, we stumble and fall, and become a laughing-stock to others. In political matters it is not right the tuck should be let out before our larger growth shows that it is necessary — George Dawson, M.A. CALIFORNIA.—ROBINSON CHUSOE.—The accounts which reach the shores of Britain by every American mail of the wonderful gold fields of California, and the condition of tbe diggers, ready to barter whole ounces of gold for a bit of bread, a glass of brandy, or an article of clothing, remind us of some reflections which Defoe introduces in his charming narrative of Robinson Crusoe. The only occupant of the desert island says:—"In the cabin I discovered a locker with drawers in it, in one of which I found two or three raiors, and one pair of large scissors, with some ten or a dozen of good knives and forks; in another I found about thirty-six pounds value in money, some European coin, some Brazil, some pieces of eieht, some gold, some silver. I smiled to myself at the sigift of this money 'Oh! drug,' said I, aloud, • what art thou good for ? thou art not worth to me, no. not the taking off the ground; one of those knives is worth all this heap": 1 have no manner of use for thee ; even remain where thou art, and go the bottom as a creature whose life is not worth saving.' However, upon second thoughts I took it away. And again, "In a word, the nature and exf S T l J ^ 8 dic^ed t0 me ' »P° n j«st reflection, that all good things of this world are no further good to aS tey for our us e : that, whatever we may heap up to give to others, we enjoy only as much as we can use, and no more. The most covetous griping b e d w o u l d Z l ^ ^ t*™ ^n cured of there of covetousness,ifhehadbeenmmy case, for I possessed f ^f 1 ™ than ~ 1 knew what d0 ^th. I had no room for desire except it was of things which I had not, and they were but trifles, though, indeed, of great use to a SnM ' S 1 1111146(1 before a ' P«cel of money, as well gold as silver, about £36 sterling; alas ! there the nasty sorry, usde ss stuff lay; I had no manner of busXeS SLJ J t ir°/ te / 1 - th ° Ught ^th myself that I would have EILiw ^ ? 11 f ° r a & 0as of tobacco FW or for a handmill to grind my corn; nay, I would have given it ail for sixpenny worth of turnip and carrot seed out of England, or a handful of peas and beans, and a bottle of int; as it was, I had not the least advantage by it, or f r ; th °£ ^ e / e ^ % in a drawel, and ^rew Sf J iT lt i , i he J d r p0f the cave the ' season ; and if I had had the drawer full of diamonds, it had been the same case and they had been of no manner of value to me because of no use." These remarks contain the germ « 1 ™ P ° r^BJ t Principle which Adam Smith enunciated, and first applied to the science of political economy, and toe great business of life. In the circumstances in which Kobmson Crusoe is supposed to have been placed there could be no exchange; and of course silver and gold were perfectly useless. This has never been the case in Calltornia, however, and hence the gold has from the flret possessed some value. But before this date multitudes of vessels must have discharged cargoes of every variety of goods on the coast, and the gold has no doubt risen to a comparatively high value; that is to say, one ounce of gold will now procure to its owner many more articles of necessity or luxury than it would do when goods were very scarce in the country, unless the emigration of gold seekere has more than counterbalanced the import of careoes which is not very probable. Keen as the desire for gold may be in the human breast, it is easier to remove goods than men from one country to another.. PURCHASED RANK IS CHINA.—Tbe Chinese Govern ment, disdaining to promote a privileged class of nobility to permanent rank in the state on account of illustrious birth, substituted talent as having a claim to the highest honours which a despot could bestow Those men were considered most eligible fcr office who had made the greatest progress in literature, and by competition proved this. It could not be expected tnat individuals should toil for years in the dry study of Chinese literature, without looking for some remuneration for the incessant trouble. Whilst this arrangement therefore ensured to learned men employment in the public service, it kept alive an emulation to become acquainted with the works of the ancient" thereby perpetuating their principles, aud supporting their system &s; the unalterable basis of society as well as of administration. The descendants of meritorious mandarins might however likewise share in the higher appointments; while the subordinate offices were filled by men who had spent the greater part of their lives in official routine. All the high and influential situations, with a few exceptions in favor of the Mantchoos, were awarded to those who had pioved themselves men of untiring diligence and solid acquirements in literature. Such was the theory—China was to be ruled by scholars and savants.—From this fundamental principle, a great deviation is now made, the consequences of which must sooner or later change the whole face of this country, and produce radical alterations in the Government. For talent, money has gradually been substituted, and the highest stations fall to the highest bidder; wealth is now more powerful than birth and accomplishments, and the constitution of the realm will henceforth be a plutarchy. I he transition has been gradual-at first tendered absolutely necessary by the wants of the exchequer. Offices were sold. and brought a very laree sum into the treasury. The revenue failed, situations were disposed of for money to fill up the deficit: in case of an exigency, such as war, inundation, or starvation, the Government had recourse to the sale of offices : under all financial difficulties, this was the grand panacea. Years passed in this manner, until a detailed list of regulations has now been put forward, assigning to tbe mandarins by purchase their propeposition. t hese rules fill an entire Pekin Gazette. and if carried out to the letter, will undermine the system ot bygone yeara. Though the national examinations for singling out native talent for publie sernce still exist, and though men who have distinguished themselves are promoted even to this day, yet money is the meat powerful lever to push them on, and without it tbe most perfect scholar may never obtain a writership.—It is net exactly a new mode, having been occasionally hadreeoursstoincasssof ••ur- gency ; but in no former period of Chinese history was it ever reduced to so complete a system as at the present day. Anybody may purchase in the market, and the most infamous strive for the highest^ distinctions. Men of probity have remonstrated against such proceedings as subversive of all good government, and introducing corruption and rapacity; yet their voice is drowned amidst the general scramble for purchased eminence. The result can only be detrimental, and the true lovers of their country look with apprehension to the future.—All those who last year contributed rice in Keang- soo, or money in iieu thereof, have now received their promotion. Mandarins may buy themselves free from the operation of irksome statutes, that would affect their incomes, or force them to leave tbeir situations altogether. All may be had for money. It is the only object worthy of human exertion, and can buy all the most incessant craving of human ambition could desire. Such a state of things is fraught with frightful evils. ECONOMY AND RETRENCHMENT.—What an inveterate and devout horror the whigs have of 1835 1 No criminal ever contemplated the day of his wickedness with penitent or more bitter remorse. Mention it to them—they fly into a paroxysm of rage and scorn. Let it suggest itself to them, and you instantly hear the wildest imprecations upon their own folly. No consolation can soothe their pangs, no confession shrive their lordly consciences, for having ever committed the unnatural crime of administrative economy 7 . And yet were we to try the culprits, we should fully acquit them of any economic purpose. The whigs got up their anti- clamours in behalf of the Reform Bill chiefly on the ground of tory prodigality. Let but reform, they said, instal the liberal, in lieu of the old official aristocracy in power, and retrenchment would then be the watchword of the new administration. The people of England took the whigq at theii word, did carry the Reform Bill, thinking to carry with it permanently all the pledges of retrenchment. For some few years, therefore, it was impossible not to keep their pledges in view ; the whigs were bound to preserve, the tories were bound to recover, public confidence; aud estimates were not only discussed in Parliament, but framed in the cabinet, with the view of avoiding all redundant and unnecessary expenditure. The result of that retrenchment movement, which was the concomitant and great assistant of reform, we see arrived at in two or three years after the pasring of the Reform Bill;—the budget of 1835 was the result, whig and tory then both of them wielding the pruning-knife for each other. It has long, however, been pietty evident that the retrenchment movement, as well as the reform movement, was on the part of the liberal aristocracy all sham. Armies were not indeed found inefficient, nor vessels too few, but patronage was found too scant for the support ot a party. Other topics than retrenchment arose to engross the popular mind, and the estimates of 1835 were thrown as contemptuously into oblivion as the professions of 1831 and 1832. But it is not we alone who give this account of the ephemeral economy of 1835. The whigs themselves proclaim if. In their present efforts to prove that economy was then carried too far, and that it was treason against the welfare of party and the strength of the country, they trace the motive of conduct very closely. Mr Ward tells us that the economy of 1835 arose from a great struggle for popularity and place." The people believed all this retrenchment very sincere. They felt the good effects of it, and saw no bad results. But whilst our officials endeavour to persuade them that economy was pernicious. for some secret and hidden reason, the very party which carried it comes forward to declare that its professions of economy were but a clap-trap for popularity—a humbug to win the adhesion of those classes, who then had the gift of power. But what is naturally to be inferred from such admission f It is. that the cry for increased military and other expenditure now is just as great a humbug and of the same kind, as the cry for reduced estimates then. The reduced estimates were to gull the people, whose hands and voices then conferred political power. But now polical power has, thanks to the nullification of reform. returned in a great measure into the hands of the privileged classes—and these are to be now flattered and allured by government expenditure and place, as the great mass of tax-payers were to be flat- tered in 1835 by the shadow of retrenchment- We have been incited to make these remarks by the Whig manifesto, entitled Financial Prospects," in the present number of the Edinburgh Review, in which economy and retrenchment, especially if demanded by any popular party, in or out of parliament, is poohpooh'd as a whim, ridiculed as an epidemy, and scouted as something very novel in its kind, and very dangerous. The novelty and danger appear to us to lie in the Whig organ and party assuming such an unmistakeable tory tone. What is to be thought of the Edinburgh Review in 1849, in search of a proper standard of expenditure, rejecting every year of Whig influence and rule, such as that of 1835, and openly giving the preference to 1817? The reason for thus preferring the policy and estimates of Castlereagh and Vansittart to those of Grey and Althorp, is simply that the foimer spent three or four millions more ! Did we want to refute the Edinburgh Review, and cover him with shame, we need but refer to the speeches of the Whigs themselves in 1817. Yet this is the normal expenditme year of the Whigs in 1849. And against this immense expenditure the Edinburgh Hevtewer forbids any Englishman to cry out. He bids us trust a « sincere government, and parliament intent on its duty." Why, Mr Ward and all the Whigs tell us that government is never sincere in the matter of retrenchment, and that it is merely the result "of a struggle for power and place." And as to a parliament intent on its duty/' that duty from 1835 to 1848 lias been shown in swelling the expenditure by ten millions for every foolish instigation. The old Whig doctrine was always understood to be, not to trust for the maintenance of liberty or economy either to the 1 reasury or to Parliament, but to keep public opinion alive, and make it bear upon parliament and government. Where this pressure is not kept up, we may be sure that the aristocratic class, which fill both parliament and government, will follow their natural tendency to pump from the public purse, and to replenish by taxes that reservoir from which they draw. p A, e f p - e of En Sland should therefore be aware how they admit these aristocratic reasons for extravagant expense, fhe Edinburgh Review tells them that the increase of ten millions of expenditure since 1835 was wise, because it was called for in parliament. We beg to observe that the officers and officials who pre- T ^I" 3 ! 1 • ! N P arIi ament will always make a clamour •t the kind as long as the people allow them or keep no watch upon them. The «' services" have far more real and immediate influence in parliament than tbe people. Lhe Edinburgh Reviewei tells us we are rich and can afford to be taxed. We maintain that a nation s riches is no reason why a government should despoil it of those riches, without proving the necessity or advantage of the spoliation. The Edinburgh iteview tells us that European nations are financially embarrassed; that the cause lies in their frowardness; and that we ought to remain good boys and quiet politicians, allowing government to be as extravagant as it likes—for by meddling or remonstrating with it, we too, may fall into a financial crisis. We beg to observe that this sapient advice is the road to, not from, national bankruptcy and disorder. Tbe Edinburgh Reviewer argues that it i« better to maintain the duty on soap than abandon Canada. We beg to say, that if Canada is only to be preserved by the people of England paying a duty on soap, the sooner we get rid of a colony kept by so very slippery a hold the .better. The Edinburgh Review winds up a diatribe against financial reformers as a " political coterie for the propagation ot bad principles. Economy is, it seems, a bad principle in whig eyes, never to be condescended to, except when there is a straggle for power and place." Never did a body wear less the characteristics of a political coterie than financial reformers." There are tories as well as radicals amongst them, and many more substantial citizens and industrious,members than theorists or politicians. Their principles at e those of Cocker, and tneir philosophy a conscientious distinction between meum. and tuum. They are for paying debts, not increasing them; fort employing labourers, not feeding solaieis; tor giving up expensive pretensions to dictate to foreign countries. They are for creating a salutary pressure upon parliament and government, seeing how placemen fill both—a pressure obtained not by the congregating of mobs or the provoking of dangerous popular excitement, but by obtaining the union of the industrious and really propertied class, in order to Tesist their being mulcted in taxation except for good, fair, honest, and intelligible purposes and necessities. ORIGIN ot FOGS.—The very common but mistaken idea that the fog which we see of an evening banging over loir meadows and by the sides of streams, ascending, arises very naturally from our first observing it in low places, and as tbe cool cf the evening advances remaiking that it ascends to higher land ; the fact is, however, not that the damp is ascending, but that from the cotdnesB of these sit nations they are the first places which condense the before invisible vapour, and as the cold of the evening advances, the condensation takes place at a higher level. A large portion of the vapour ascends to the upper regions of the atmosphere, where it cools and becomes visible to us in the form of clouds $ and increasing in density by coo'ing, they gradually descend nearer the earth, until at lBst becoming too condensed by tbe loss of heat, tbey fall in rain, to be again returned in endless succession.—Scientific Phenomen a of Domestic Life. THB SOURCE OF PERPETUAL MOTION.—This great principle has at length been discovered. A reference to the present and past debates in the House wf Parliament will prove it to be neither more nor less than—Ireland.— Punch. _ P1A.N08.—A six-and-three>quarter octave cottage piano either rosewood or mahogany, in height four feet six inches, in breadth four feet two inches, contains 200 superficial feet of wood, comprising eleven different kinds; ICO strings, the average pull upon each being from fifty to sixty pounds, or the total pull upon the instrument about 20 cwt. ; and the w hole length of wire, including copper and 6teel, measures 1822 feet; the united number of pieces required in the completion of a piano -forte, amounts to nearly 3000. The average weight of the instrument, when completed, is neaily 3 cwt. THE QITEBN BEE AT HOME.—The community of bees is an example of a pure mcnarchy, unrestrained by any checks on power, yet never deviating into despotism on tbe one hand, or anarchy on the other. Some yeara ago, while our gracious queen was making a royal progress through her northern dominions, we witnessed a no lees interesting sight of the progress of a queen-bee, in the glass-hive of an ingenious friend, and lover of nature, at his country retreat. The hive was of that construction which opened from behind, and showed the whole economy within. In a few minutes the queen made her appearance from the lower part of the hive. Her elongated body and tapering abdomen at once distinguished her. She moved along slowly, now and then pausing to deposit an egg in one of the empty combs ; and it was most interesting to perceive how she was constantly accompanied by nearly a dozen of bees that formed a circle aronnd her, with their heads invariably turned towards her. This guard was relieved at frequent intervals, so that as she walked forward, a new group immediately took the place of the old, and these having returned again 1 esamed the labours in which they had been previously engaged. Her appearance always seemed to give pleasure, which was indicated by a quivering movement of wings. The labourers, in whatever way occupied, immediately forsook their work, and came to pay homage to their queen, by forming a guard around her person. Every other part of the hive, meanwhile, presented a busy scene. Many bees were seen moving their bodies with a tremulous motion, by which thin and minute films of wax were shaken from their scaly sides. Others were ready to take up this wax and knead it into matter proper for constracting cells. Preqaent arrivals of bees from the field brought pollen on their thigbs for the young grubs,- and honey, which they deposited in the cell*. All was activity, order, and peaceful industry. None were idle but the drones, »ho seemed to stroll about like gentlemen. O'COXSELL AND HIS CLIENT.—He used to lodge, when at Cork, at a stationer's of the name of O'Hara, in Patrick Street, one of the principal thoroughfares in the city. There, during the assizes, there was always a crowd before his door, lounging under his windows, anxious to get a peep at the counsellor. Whenever he made his appearance, there was always a hearty cheer. On one oc casion, an old friend of his, who had once belonged to the bar, Mr K , a member of a most respectable family, called on O'Connell during the assizes, to pay him a friendly visit. He found O'Connell engaged with a shrew-looking farmer, who was consulting him on a knotty ease. Heartily glad to |see his old friend, O'Connell sprang forward, saying. " My dear K , I'm delighted to see you." The farmer seeing the visitor come in, cunningly took the opportunity of sneaking away. He had got what he wanted—the opinion ; but O'Connell had not got what he wanted—the fee. O'Connell at once followed the farmer, who had got the start by a flight of stairs. The rustic quickened his pace when he found tbat the counsellor was in chase. O'Connell saw that he could not catch the runaway client, who was now on the flight leading into the hall. He leant over the banister, and made a grasp at the farmer's collar, but, instead of the collar, he caught what he at first thought his hair, but which proved to be the rustic's wig, which came away in his hand. O'Connell gave a shout of laughter, and quick as thought, jumped in high spirits back to his room. "Hurrah! see K . I've got the rascal's wig." Up went the window—"three cheers for the counsellor ! Long life to your honour. Arrah ! is'nt he tbe man of the people." "Ah boys" said O'Connell, with glee, "look here what I've got for you. Here's the wig of a rascal that has just bilked me of a fee." Shouts of laughter rent the air as the wig was pitched out, to undergo a rapid process of radical reform at the hands of the mob. As the wigless farmer made his appearance, he was received with groans of derision, and was glad enough to escape with unbroken bones.—Revelations of Ireland. A COBS FOB Daowsnrass.—In an excursion made in the winter 1792-3 from St John's to the Bay of Bulls, Captain (the late general) Skinner forming one of our party, we had on our return, to cross a large lake, over the ice, some miles in extent. When about tbe middle. Captain Skinner informed me that he had long been sorely pinched by the cold, and found an irresistible drowsy fit coming on. I urged him to exertions, representing the fatal consequences of giving way to this feeling, and pointing out the state in which his wife and family would be found should the party arrive at St. John's without Mm. These thoughts roused him to exertion for some time; but when he had reached the margin of the lake, he gave way, and declared he was utterly unable to struggle further, delivering at the same time what he considered his dying message to his family. As there were some bushes near the spot, I broke off a branch, and began to thrash my fellow- traveller with it • at firet without much apparent effect, but, at length, I was delighted to find that my patient winced under my blows, and, at length, grew angry. I continued the application of the stick, until he made an effort to rise and retaliate He was soon relieved from the torpor, and, as we were now but a few miles from St. John's, I pushed on before the party, leaving the captain under special care. I left, also, the stick, with strong injuncitons that it should be smartly applied in the event of the drowsiness returning. I soon reached the town, and had some warm porter, with spice, prepared against the arrival of my friends ; with this, and considerable friction, he was enabled to proceed home, where he arrived perfectly recovered. He himself related the story at the Earl of St. Vincent's table, at Gibralter, many years afterwards, expressing, at the same time, much gratitude for the beating he had received.—Memoirs of Admiral Brenton. HAPPY HOME.—A young man meets a pretty face in the ball room, falls in love with it, courts it, " marries it" goes to housekeeping with it, and boasts of having a home to go to and a wife. The chances are nine to ten he has neither. Her pretty fece gets to he an old story—or becomes faded, or freckled, or fretted—and as that face was all he wanted, all he " paid attention to," all he sat op with, all he bargained for, all he swore to "love, honour, and protect," he gets sick of his trade ; knows a dozen faces which he likes better ; gives up staying at home evenings; oonsoles himself with cigars, ojsters, whiskey punch, and politics, and looks U| on his home" as a very indifferent boarding-house. A family of children grow up about him ; but neither he nor his *« face" knows anything about training them ; so they come up helter-skelter—made toys of when babies, dolls when boys and girls, drudges when young men and women ; and so passes year after year, and not one quiet, happy homely hoar is known throughout the whole household.' Another young man becomes enamoured of a fortnne." He waits upon it to parties, dances the polka with it, ex- . 17" u ' - "J - ' , "r " sets up an establishment with it, introduces it to his friends, and ears (poor fellow) tbat he, too, is married, and has got a home. It s m lie. Me is not married ; he hu no home. And he soon finds it out. He is in the wrong box, but it is too late to get out of it. He might as well hope to eecap* from his coffin. . Friends congratulate him,- and he has to grin and bear it. They praise the honse, the farnitare, the cradle, the new Bible, the new baby, and then bid tbe " fortune" and him who " husbands'' it good morning1 As if he bad known a good morning since he and that gilded *• fortune" were falsely declared to be one. Take another case. A young wotai* is smitten with s |«ir of CK ® , V Cur,e( * never before had sueh«bar«|s. She sets her cap for them. They take. 1 he delighted whiskers make an offer, first one, then the otter^ proffering themselves both in exchange for her one heart. The dear miss is overcome with magnanimity, closes the bargain, carries home her pnxe, shows it in 'and me, calls herself engaged to it, thinks there never was such I pair (of whiskers) before, and in n few weeks tbev ara Married! Yes, the world calls it so, art w« will. What is the result ? A short honeymoon, aod then the unlucky discovery that they are as unlike as chalk and cheese, and not to be made one, though alt the priests in Christendom pronounced them eo.—Burritt's Christian Ctitzen. AN OMNIPOTENT ASPBOOV.—A friend of onrs, while dressing a very young child, a few days ago, said, in rather an impatient tone, ( « Toa are finch a lamp of a shape, it is impossible to make anything fit you." The lips of the child quivered, and looking ap, it said, iu a deprecating tone, " God made me." TA . B UHION JACK.—The history of the Uflioo Jack pe r r ape » *l ot B eneral 'y known. In tbe third year of iS-ing James I. it was ordered that the flags to be hoisted on board ships were to be ssfollows:—At tbe main, the Union Jack, which was to be composed of St. George's red cross, on a white ground, and the St. Andrew's white cross (diagonally) on a blaeground, by all ships. At the fore—The St. George's flag, for ships belonging to Sooth Britain ; and the St. Andrew's fag for ships belonging to North Britain. In 1800, on the union with Ireland, tho St. Patrick's red cross, on a white ground was added to the Union Jack; the flag therefore, shoald be constructed so as to show the three crosses obvious; whereas, as at present constructed, the crosses of St. Patrick and St Andrew are not sufficiently obvious ; and this, perhaps* may be a reason why it is not generally understood in* Ireland that the Union Jack is an Irish flag, and that Irishmen do fight nnder their own flag, which is a cause of dissatisfaction with the Irish. — United Strvice Gazette. AN ANGEL IN THE HOUSE. How sweet it were, if withoat feeble 'right, Or dying of the dreadfal beauteous sight, An angel came to us, and we could bear To 6ee him issue from the silent air At evening in our room, and bend on ours His divine eyes, and bring as from his bowers News of dear friends and children who have never Been dead indeed—as we shall know for ever; Alas! think not what we daily see About our hearths—angels that are to be. Or may be if they will, and we prepare Their sonls and oars to meet in happy air— A child, a friend, a wife whose soft heart sings In unison with onrs, breeding its futare wings. Lfeiaa Hdkt. 