BRITISH EXTRACTS. tfTint FuoiTiVE Leaders.-The following in- cidents iri connexion with the escape of Méásré. Stephens and Doheny arc furnished by tUe Limerick^examiner.-" When Mr. Stephens 3iad taken ^his exit from the Collieries, he'directed his wandering footsteps to Tipperary, suffering 'from a wound he had received in the side. He 'retched Tipperary early in the night, and having disguised himself walked up and down id the Streets thinking to meet with some kind friend Who might assist him' in bis misfortunes. He met ' family in Tipperary, but they of course received him coldly, aware of the penalty of the law. Poor Stephens, however, made the best of his way out of town; accompanied by friends who shared his 'dangers and misfortune» for the night. They slept with him in a stack of hay. Next morning he disguised himself as a poor scholar, and made for the Commeragh mountains, where peradven ttire he met his old friend Mr. Doheny, who had assumed the character of a schoolmaster. Both ' schoolmasters* lived in the Commeragh moun- tains for some weeks, baffling the police. It is stated that a policeman once gave Mr. Stephens a few pence, such was his forlorn appearance, being of Course quite ignorant of his identity. The track of the fugitives was at last however found, and immediate separation was deemed the only alternative to secure tlie safety of both.' They parted ; Mr. Doheny for Cork, and Mr. Stephens for Waterford. The history of Mr. Doheny's escape to Paris has already been told-that of Mr. Stephens remains to be narrated. It is said that he disguised himself in the costume of a woman ! be had a feminine appearance ; -and havitig lin- gered away some time in Waterford, was met ai last by some friend, who gave'him money to travel to England or France.' With great courage and ¿leverness he crossed the Channel, leaving his enemies behind ; and having travelled by railway io Dover, took a passage ticket for Boulogne. There he was detained a prisoner by the English authorities in France, and was subsequently libe- rated by older of the Republic. It is said that he instituted an action against the English au- thorities for false imprisonment, and received £50 <-to compromise the proceedings. The end of all poor Stephens' misfortunes and dangers was his arrival in Paris, where he is now in the National \- Guards in the rank of an officer."- Times, Nov. 7. \- Traffic across thb Isthmus of Panama. The royal mail steamer Tay left Southampton on Tuesday, with the West India mails. She carries' -out a very large cargo, some portion of which is intended for the western coast of America, and will be landed at Chagres, and sent across the Isthmus of Panama. This will be the first batch of goods that will cross the isthmus. The length of time in getting from the Atlantic to the Pacific ii about two days. The Panama roads are now very much improved. A number of trucks and wheels for carriages for travelling on them have gone out in the Tay. The goods for the western coast, pf America sent out in the West India steamer were principally Manchester and -French. A- very considerable trade between this country and Chili and Peru is confidently anticipated through the opening of the Panama route for goods traffic -Atlas, Oct. 21. Narrow Escape of Lord John Russell On Thursday, the 6th October, Lord and Lady John Russell and two of their children left Stirling for Edinburgh. When at tlie Stirling station his lordship had a very narrow escape from destruc* tion. The up-trains, or those going south, travel upon the line furthest from the station house ; and as his lordship had arrived just at the time ailverused, he lifted his youngest child, and pro- ceeded in a thoughtful mood to cross to the side for the up-train passengers. But it so happened that the train arrived nine minutes before its time, and bis lordship, not observing its approach, had just reached the intervening space between the lines, when the engine was not above its own length from him, moving at a quicker rate than usual when at a station, i ti consequence of the extreme wetness of the day, which prevented the breaks from catching. Mr. Cuckson, the super- intendent, with admirable self-possession, in- stantly darted from the platform, and, seizing his lordship, drew him back, just as the ponderous engine passed, and thus prevented an accident which, in all probability, would have been fatal. -Scotsman. 'laisu Rebellion in 1798.-Charles Jackson, an actor on that occasion, published a pamphlet, in which he gives an account (among other things) of his being captured by the rebels in Wexford, together with seventeen of his comrades. They were at once put upon their trial, and condemned io be piked. The eighteen were then placed in a line, and two pikemen in front and two at the back of each were appointed to carry the sentence into execution. With the long pikes grasped in their hands they advanced towards each other, transfixing the wretched prisoner on the four pikes, and immediately hoisting the writhing body up tato the air, there to be held up to the death. They thus in succession murdered seventeen, and were about to assassinate Jackson, the last on the line, when a party of cavalry rode unexpectedly and rapidly into sight, and saved his hie to tell this appalling tale. An Artfut. Thief. - Marie Antoinette, of france, was passionately fond of the opera. She once played Suzanna, in the Marriage of Figaro, in the private theatre at the palace. Opposite the Queen's box at the opera-house, one evening, Bat the wife of a rich banker, bedizened with jewels, and. sporting a pair of magnificent diamond bracelets ; and so anxious was she to attract the notice of the Queen, that she leaned her hand upon the velvet cushion of the box that the jewels night -be fully seen. Her1 movements did not «.cane the notice of the Queen. She cast several significant glances at the lady, who was delighted with the homage paid to her brilliants, la the cours«'of the evening a servant, wearing the Queen's livery, knocked at the door of the box, and with roany compliments to tlie lady, and apo- logies from tlie Queen, begged that the latter night have a closer view of one of her bracelets, which^ had so much occupied the public attention and,, admiration. In a moment it waa-unclasped and delivered1 to the Queen's messenger; The banker's wife soon discovered that it was an in- genious thief, who "bad observed her movements 'and efforts-to attract the attention of the Queen, that liad thus obtained tlie bracelet. The police were soon apprised of the loss, and next morning, while at breakfast, she was made happy by re- ceiving a note from the Commissioner of Police, stating that the thief and the bracelet had both teen captured, and requiring her either to send the other bracelet by tlie sub- lieutenant of police .nd attendants, to identify the one recovered, or to come herself with it to .the bureau. She was en''negligee, and preferred giving the other bracelet to the officer, with many cautions of care s but she found in an hour or two that both her bracelets bad,gone! The rogue,who had ob- tained one at the theatre had managed to possess Mmself of the other. A. Pew PLais'" Facts.-MojUrcht v. Ecojjo itT-MoNaias.^Gedrge IHrgave up to Uiepublic all his hereditary revenues,- and the Parliament granted bim, nrtt, £800,000, arid subwquenOJr .£960/100 perannum, for the sdpport of'his civil list ; and, according to Sir William Blackstone, the publie was the« gainer of £100,000 per an- num. From a report made In "December, 1837, ' by a «elect committee of Um House of Commons, it appears that the total »mount of the hereditary and temporary'revenues of the Crown, from the accession of George HI. to the accession Of her present Majesty, arising from the net produce'bf the customs, excise, post office, and small branches of the hereditary and temporary revenues, and also^from the sums settled on the Sóvéreigri ¡h lieu of duties on various articles repealed by George li., is £101333377 10s. 7d., while the total sums received during the same period by the reigning Sovereigns in lieu of those revenues, including the sums granted for the civil list debt and the fees from suppressed offices, amount'tP£6?385,931 15s. 10¿d , being a gain to the nation during that period of a sum of nearly thirty-two millions of pounds (£32,000,000). As to the annual loss or gain by, or to, Crown or natiPn :-For the first year and a-quarter after the accession of George III., the hereditary and temporary reve- nues of the Sovereign amounted to £886331 10s. 0¿d., and the annuity received by the King in lieu of those revenues amounted to £965317 4s. 9f d. The proportion between these revenues and the annuity settled on the Sovereign in lieu of them, every'year afterwards, changed in favour of the nation, and in the last year of the'reign of his late Majesty, William IV., the amount of the Crown revenues was £3,248,208 Is. lid., while the annuity granted to his Majesty for the civil list, in lieu of those revenues, was only £510,000. Her present most gracious Majesty, Queen Victoria, has also placed, without reserve, her interest in the revenues of the Crown at the disposal of the nation ; and the Parliament have granted her Majesty, in lied of those revenues, j an annuity, amounting in the whole to the sum of I £385.000 The revenue of Queen Elizabeth was £600,000 ; that of King Charles I. was £800,000 ; and £1,200,000 was granted to Charles II., while that of Cromwell was £1,500,000 : a further con» vincing proof, if any were wanted, that the peo- ple are not gainers by violent revolutions. Infinity of Space.-If we take the utmost bounds of the orbit of Uranus, we shall find that it occupies a portion of space not less than three thousand six millions of miles in extent. If the swiftest race-horse ever known had begun to traverse the space at full speed ati the time of the birth of Moses, he could only as yet have accom- plished half his journey.-Vestiges of Creation. Tidal and Meteorological Self-register- ing Clock at the Broomielaw, Glasgow. - An instrument of a very ingenious and intricate description, and one which will prove of immense value to science, has just been erected in the pas- senger waiting-room at the steamboat quay, Glas- gow Bridge. It may be described as a self-acting and self-registering tide, wind, and weather guage. The instrument consists of eight parts, viz.-1. The Clock, which shows hours and minutes. 2. The Barometer, indicating at each hour the pres- sure of the atmosphere. 3. The Tide Guage, ex- hibiting the time of high and low water, also the depth in feet. 4. The Spate Guage, showing the height to which spates in the river rise above the tide at high water. 5. The Anemometer, indicat- ing the force of the winds, expressed in lbs. 6. The Thermometer, showing the temperature of the air. 7. The Anemoscope, showing the direc- tion of the wind. 8. The Rain Guage, which indicates when the rain commenced, the time of its duration, and the amount of rain fallen, ex- pressed in tenths of an inch. All the changes in tides and weather are indicated by curved or sec- tional lines on a large sheet of ruled paper, wrapped round a vertical cylinder, which revolves once in a week. The fidelity with which the pen- cils trace their reports is most wonderful. There they are at their silent work day aud night. Every change of tide, the measurement of its height-the changes in the wind, its force-the state of the atmosphere, with the hours at which all these phenomena take place, are observed and denoted with unerring accuracy. This most ela- borate and comprehensive instrument has been erected by the Clyde trustees at a cost of about £250.-Liverpool Albion, Sept. 25. A Contretbmfs.-The following account will show in what ludicrous situations the most trifling circumstances will sometimes place the most emi- nent persons :-One night, buring the perform- ance at the Leeds Theatre, the bouse was crammed to the ceiling, to witness the performance of Mrs. Siddons, who was then at the zenith of her fame. Tlie evening was exceedingly hot, and Mrs. Sid- dons was tempted by a torturing thirst to consent to avail herself of the only obtainable relief pro- posed to her at the moment. Her dresser, there- fore, despatched a boy in great baste to " fetch a pint of beer for Mrs. Siddons," at the same time charging him to be quick, as Mrs. Siddons was in a hurry for it. Meanwhile the play proceeded, and on the boy's return with the frothed pitcher, he looked about for the person who bad sent him on his errand ; and not seeing her, inquired, " where is Mrs. Siddons P" The scene-shifter, whom he questioned, pointing his finger to the stage, where she was performing the sleeping scene of Lady Macbfith, replied, " There she is." To the surprise and horror of all the performers, the boy promptly walked on the stage, close up to Mrs. Siddons, and, with a total unconsciousness of the impropriety he was committing, presented the porter ! Her distress may be imagined ; she waived the boy away in her grand manner severed times, without effect ; at last the people behind the scenes, by dint of beckoning, stamping, and call- ing in half «audible whispers, succeeded in, getting him off with the beer, part of which, in his exit, he spilled on the stage ; while the audience were in an uproar of laughter, which the dignity of the actress v>u¿ unable to quell for several minutes. -Weekly Dispatch. M. de Lamaetins ano the Presidency The following letter appears in the Journal des Débats ..-«. St. Point, 26th Oct.-Sir,-I read in the Débats an article borrowed from the Courier de ta Gironde and beg permission to rectify it. I have made the following answer to a correspondent at Bordeaux :-. I do not put myself forward as a candidate for the presidency. I pray to God and my friends to keep from me a burden so much beyond my strength. But if the country should think proper to appoint me to this magistracy, I do not think I have any more right to refuse it than I thought myself warranted, on the 24th of February, to refuse the designation of the people, and leave Paris without a govern- ment. I do not believe that I am, in any degree, threatened with such a danger, and I only rectify the Courier de la Gironde in order to avoid all misunderstanding. To solicit the presidency would be ridiculous ; to desire it would? be rash ; to refuse it would be wanting to the republic and the country.. 1 am devoid of this ambition, but incapable of such an aet of cowardice. Lamartine.' " Loo i» fHHiPït's P asentase. - Writers of memoirs and biographies find it, commonly, con- venient to patt over the birth of Louis Philippe, without notice of either locality or date, because it is difficult 'to disprove that, at the time'of His birth, hiímothér Was m the Appvnninef, and there* by nanga a tafcv rThe memoirs of-Maria Stella have been declared libellous, and suppressed, but never confuted, "liariâ Stella appeared at the age of sixteen upon the stage at Florence, where she married Lord Newborough, and, after his decease. Baron Steinbergr^'&iv;ónian ¡nobleman. It is well known that sbJ claims ta be the child of the heiress of Pentbief re (who- had, previously only giveu.birth to females), by the Duke of Chartres, afterwards Egalité, her husband, who, in his am* bitious anxiety for a'malé heir,had prepared a boy to substitute for the child about to be bom, in case it should not prove a* male. This change* ling, the son of Chiappini, the executioner and jailor, the authoress asserts to be Louis Philippe, -herself the daughter of Egalité. The fact that there were, at one time, thirteen" individuals, each claiming to be the Dauphin, son, of Louis XVI., supposed to have perished in the Temple, and that the pretensions of most of them were supported by a strong likeness to the Bourbon family, which probably suggested the imposture, rendered it easy to throw discredit on tlie story of Maria Stella, and reduced to slight importance her personal resemblance to the family with which she claimed kindred. The otter dissimilitude of Louis Phi- lippe, in feature and in character, to every branch and member of the Bourbon family, the failure of his partisans to rnéft, and expose the fallacy of Maria Stella's chargé, and the sudden wealth of Chiappini, a common hangman, which enabled him to give Maria Stella an expensive,,education, and to divide, excluding her, a handsome compe- tence amongst his children, arc far more signifi- cant features of the case.-From Sketches of France and England," by the author of "Reve- lations of Russia."-{Whatever foundation there may be for this extraordinary statement, it seems plain that the resemblance of Madame de Stein- berg to the Bourbon family, and the sudden pros- perity of her father, may be accounted for without assuming her to be the1 daughter of the Duchesse de Chartres.-Ed. M. B. C. j Family Divisions.-The Corsaire says-" It was remarked on Thursday, on the great question of two chambers, that each of the three Buona- partes gave a different-opinion. Citarles Louis Napoleon, the pretended pretender, did not vote. Napoleon Buonapar telson of Lucien, voted against two chambers. Pierre Buonaparte, son of Jerome, voted for two chambers.* ' Assuredly this is a tri- color family !" Ji-~ Science v. Superstition.-" What are ghosts made of ?" says the North British Review ; " if these so-called ghosts of psychical bodies be any- thing at all, they must be either material or spiritual, unless some third kind of existence can be demonstrated to be actually in the universe. If they be material, they must be solid, liquid, or gasiform ; or at least one of the modifications or combinations of these forms of matter. In truth, it is subsumed even by the ghost-mongers, as they are called by Archdeacon Hare, that they are neither solid nor liquid, so that the gaseous or vaporiform shapes are the only ones that remain for them. Now vapours or gases they cannot be, for these simple and irresistible reasons. Neither a gas nor a vapour can permanently bound a figure, even of the most irregular or cloudlike species, within our atmosphere. There is a prin- ciple of diffusion which forbids it. Two masses of aeriform matter cannot remain in contact. Instantly one such sensible form is brought into contact with another, they begin to melt away into each other. Falton discovered many years ago that one gas acts as a vacuum to another, and Mr. Graham has eliminated the rate of that mutual dissolution with his wonted precision. There is no exception to the law ; and a most beautiful and beneficent one it is, for it is in virtue of it that the carbonic acid of the atmosphere does not sink below the oxygen and nitrogen, like water below oil, and suffocate the organic king- doms of nature." Shameful and Cbuel tIo\x. -On Friday, throughout the day, the neighbourhood of Sydney street, Brompton, was the scene of an extraordi- nary and continued excitement. At ten in the morning, the inmates of the house. No. 42, in that street, were molested by a succession of ap- plicants for a clerk's situation, which had been advertised in the Ttmes newspaper, in terms likely to secure a vast influx of ; candidates. As time advauced, the numbers increased ; two crowds of disappointed applicants were soon collected, one near the house, the other at the upper end of the street, leading into Fulham-road ; and the incon- venience became so great as to induce the occupant of No. i2 to seek the assistance and advice ot the police. Six waggon loads Of coals had also been ordered in b'y the tame malicious party, and a heap of letters, more than would fill a policeman's hat, were delivered by the letter carriers. From these it appeared that, besides the advertisement for clerks, another for housekeepers had been in- serted ; the clerks being appointed to call between ten and twelve, and again between four and seven in the evening, and the intervening hours from I twelve to four being set apart for the housekeepers. I Accordingly, soon after twelve, the different om- nibuses along the Fulham-road began to set down a number of females of different ages and classes, some of an inferior appearance, but very many respectably-dressed women, and not a few m widow'« weeds. The expected inroad of house- keepers having come to the knowledge of the dis- appointed clerks, some of them were induced to remain, their indignation having passed into mirth, and a desire to see the fun out. Idlers, too, began ia collect in large.númbejrs, as the story became known in the neighbourhood, and as om- nibus after omnibus discharged its contingent of would-be housekeepers, the crowd, which by this time was in high good humour, saluted the new come» with shouts and laughter. The effect of this reception upon the various tempers of the S »ties may be readily conceived ; the utmost in ignation at the author of the hoax was not suffi- cient to suppress a sense of the ludicrous, in which the sufferers themselves for« the most part joined, after the first blush of vexation liad passed off, At tlie same time, the spectacle was a most me- lancholy one« as it realised, more than words can do, the fact, how largo a number of respectable persons-for such the great body of theapphcants, both male and female, undoubtedly were-must be in want of employment. The disappointment was, of course, aggravated by the consideration of the expense, besides loss of time, incurred by the parties, which in some cases was really serious. One young man liad come upwards of a hundred miles from the country by the railway at a con- siderable expense, his frientUr having urged him not to run the risk of tealng the situation for want of a personal application. We are nappy to add that the author of the shameful hoax is suspected, and it is to be .hoped that the, offence will be brought hornero Hin, and meet with the punishment it deserves*-John Bvll. A Feasible Toussas.7-An ingenious author asserts that the length of a man's life may be estimated Jjyr the number of pulsations be has strength 'to perform. Thus, allowing seventy years for the ¿bainton age of man, and sixty pübes in a minute for the common measure of pulses in a iemperate person, the number of pulsations in hi« whole life would amount, to 2,207,520,000 ; but if by intemperance he forceé his blood into a more rapid -motion; so as to give seventy-five pulses in' « minute, the sante number of pulses would be completed in fifty-six years, cbnse^uentty his life would be reduced fourteen years. Sam Slick's'Classification of Patriots. There are jist five kinds of patriots in Ihe colo- nies : -Rebel patriots, mahoganypatriott, spooney patriots, and rael genuine patriots. Now, to govern a colony, a man ought to know these critters at first sight. A rebel patriot is a gen- tleman that talks better than he fights; haint got much property in a gineral way ; and hopes to grab a little in the universal scramble. A mahogany patriot is a critter that rides like a beggar a-horse-back. As soon as he begins to get on a bit in the world, he is envious of all them that's above him ; and if he can't get his legs under the mahogany of his betters, is for takin* his betters' mahogany away from them. This chap mistakes impotence for independence, and abuse for manliness : he is jist about a little the dirtiest and nastiest bird of the whole flock of patriots. A spooney patriot is a well-meaning silly Billy, who thinks the world can be reduced to squares like a draftboard, and governed by systems. A place patriot is a rogue : he panders to popular prejudice, appeals to the passions of the mob, and tries toset them agin' their .richer neighbours, and attempts to ride on their shoulders into government, and to secure place will sacrifice everything tliat is valuable, and good, and re- spectable. The true patriot is one who is neither a sycophant to the government nor a tyrant to the people, but one who will manfully oppose either when they are wrong. A Vagrant.-An ingenious defence was made in a case tried at Galway at the present assizes. M. Connelly was placed at the bar and arraigned, the grand jury having presented him as a vagrant. The prisoner traversed. The evidence adduced against him clearly proved that he was a notorious bad character. He had no settled place of resi- dence, was constantly brought before the magis- trates at petty sessions on charges of sheep-stealing and killing sheep ; he has publicly sold in markets legs of mutton at 6d. each, and was committed for trial both at quarter sessions and assizes ; but so Ingeniously did he continue to commit these offences that evidence could not be adduced legally to convict him. That he was a public nuisance was proved by four gentlemen, two of whom were magistrates, namely, J. B. Kernan, R.M., and - Jopdell, Esq., before whom the prisoner had been frequently brought, and upon the corpulent ap- pearance of the second named gentleman the pri- soner made part of his defence. The case for the prosecution having closed, and the prisoner being called on for his defence, made a few observations in Irish, which Mr. W. Bourke stated be would, for the information of the court, translate, the statement of the prisoner being both ingenious and poetic. Baron Lefroy expressed his thanks to Mr. Bourke. Mr. Bourke said, " my lord, the prisoner submits that all the evidence given on the part of the prosecution must be construed in his favour, and that the fact of his being so often tried, and on no occasion convicted, clearly shows he must be an honest man-(laughter)-for the same reason, my lord, as the prisoner states, that the more frequently gold is molten in the furnace and tried for its genuine character the purer it becomes (loud and continued laughter, in which Baron Lefroy heartily joined). He further sub- mits, my lord, that his case is analagous to that of Jonas in the whale's belly (laughter), for tint when Jonas escaped from the belly of the whale he went forth an untainted character ; and so he insists he should be considered, having escaped from the clutches of Mr. Lopdell, who the prisoner states is in mind very like a whale, and who sought to devour him (loud laughter). He further, my lord, insists that the fact of his having meat fre- quently in his possession, and having gone about the country selling legs of mutton, demonstra- tively proves his innocence, for that it is merely evidence to show he is a man of industrious habits prosecuting his trade as a butcher (loud laughter). He submits, my lord, to go into the dock and stand his trial for sheep stealing or any other offence tliat may be brought against bim ; but he denies the existence of a power in the jury to find him guilty as a vagrant, the whole weight of the evidence, m his opinion, going to prove that he is an höhest man (loud laughter). Under these cir- cumstances the prisoner, whose statement I have literally translated, submits he is entitled to an acquittal." Baron Lefroy, w ho was greatly amused during Mr. Bourke's delivery of the translation of the prisoner's statement, said it was a defence very proper for a jury to deal with, which the gentlemen in the box did, by rinding the prisoner " guilty." He was sentenced to the usual penalty in such cases, namely, to find security within three months for his future good behaviour, or in default thereof to be transported for seven years. -JOaily News, August 16. 