BROTHER THB REV. GEORGE OLIVER, D. D., INCUM BENT OF THE COLLEGIATE CHURCH, WOLVER HAMPTON. ' Freemasonry was revealed by God himself to the first man ;— -placed in the garden of Eden, Adam would oertainly be made acquainted with tho nature of his tenure, and taught, with tho worship of his Maker, that simple eoienco of morals which is termed Freemasonry. This constituted his chief em ployment in Paradise, and his only consolation after his un happy fall ; for speculative Masonry is nothing else but the philosophy of mind and morals, founded on the belief of a God, the Creator, Preserver, and Redeemer ; which instructs mankind in the sublimities of science ; inculcates a strict ob servance of the duties of social life ; inspires in the soul a ven eration for tho author of its being, and incites to the pure wor ship of the Groat Architect of the Universe.' FROM BROTHER LAURIE'S HISTORY OF FREEMASONRY. ' The Society of Freemasons model their ceremonies upon this foundation, that there is but ono God who must be wor shipped in spirit and in truth.' FROM BROTHER HUTCHINSOn's SPIRIT OF FREE MASONRY. ' Freemasonry is an order whose institutions arise on the most solemn and sacred principles of Religion.' BROTHER THE REV. H. INWOOn'S SERMONS ON FREE MA80NRY. ' The Royal Order of FreemaBonry, however secret from its most early foundation to the present moment, has nothing be longing to it, but what iB so far from giving birth or growth to the commission of any thing inconsistent with the strictest parts of our boly religion, whether it hsspocU our dutv to fcd or man, that every part of it, if iliily (followed, WadiS? tendency to enforce and to encourage the performanbe of « one of Its most holy precepts: and the precept, of thloS are universally the principles of Masonry,' ' -'ywjH FROM A MANUSCRIPT IN THE BRITISH MUSEUM Harl. C»l., Vol. 942, professing to explain the aneW history and principles of Freemasonry, the oririnoi \ which is dated in the 10th Century, and is written ? Saxon, during the reign of Athelstan; it commences u follows : — u . '.The Almighty Father of Heaven, with the wisdom of tho glorious Son, through the goodness of the Holy Ghost thZ persons in the Godhead, be with our beginning, and 'mro grace so to govern our lives, that we may come to hu bC that never shall have an end. Amen. Good Brethren ana Fellows, &o.;' a FROM A MANUSCRIPT IN THE BODLEIAN LIBRARY Written A. D. 1536, which is a copy of one still a\An wrote by King Henry VI, about 1440. ' ' Magonn6s tochSdde mankynde relygyonne.' FROM A MANUSCRIPT PRESERVED IN THE LODGE OP ANTIQUITY, Written in reign of King James II, A. D. 1G86. ' Every man that is a Mason take good hoed to theso charges we pray ; that if a man find himself guilty of amr of theso charges, that he may amend himself, or principally for dread of God ; the first charge is, that ye shall be true men to God and to tho holy church.' FROM AN ANCIENT MASONIC MANUSCRIPT, Written about the end of the 15th Century. ' The might of the Father of Kings, with the wisdom of his glorious grace, through the grace of the goodness of tbe Holy Ghost, there bene three persons in one Godheade, be with u at our beginning, and give us grace so to govemo us here in this mortall life liveing, that we may come to bis Kingdoms that never shall have endinge.' BROTHER THE REV. JAMES HART, OF DURHAM, 1/72, ' Masonry is founded on that same rock, against which, let the waves and billows of temporal persecution ever so strongly dash, it will Btand erect and secure, because that rock it Christ.' BROTHER THE REV. JOHN HODGETTS, OV DUDLEY, WORCETSHIRE. ' But this is not all ; the sacred writings confirm what I assert ; the sublime part of our mystery being thereto be found ; nor can any Christian brother (let me speak it distinctly) be a good Mason, who does not make the word of God hta first and principal study.' BROTHER THE REV. JAMES WRIGHT, MAYBOLE, SCOT LAND, 1786. ' Piety towards God, the glorious master builder of the Universe ; and love to mankind, are the two grand immovable pillars which support the fabric of Masonry.' BROTHER THOMAS JEANS ESQ., M. D., SOUTHAMPTON'. ' The doctrine of Freemasonry embraces all the natural, moral, nnd political obligations of society. It directs us to ful fil our duty to God, our Sovereign, our neighbours, and our selves ; it inouloates reverence, resignation, and gratitude to Him who mado and preserves us, &c.;' ? BROTHER JAS. MA.CCONOCHIE ESQ., LIVERPOOL. ' We venerate and adore the Great First Cause of AU, and we endeavour to exalt our views and conceptions of the invisible Architect, from the contemplation of his glorious works ; ' To look through nature up to nature's God.' BROTHER WILLIAM HUTCHSON, 1775. 1 ' In forming this society, which is at once religious and civil, great regard has been given to tbe first knowledge of tho God of nature, and that acceptable service wherewith he is veil pleased. This was the first stage on which our originals thought it expedient 'to place tho foundation of masonry. They had experienced that by Religion all civil ties and obligations were compacted, and that thence proceeded all the bonds which could unite mankind in social intercourse ; thence it was they laid the corner stone of the edifice on the bosom of Religion. BROTHER 8TEPHEN JONES, 1796. 'The solemnity of our rites, which embracing the whole system of morality, cannot fail to include the first principles of Religion from which morality is lieBt derived, necessarily calls our attention to the Great Architect of the Universe, the Creator '? of us all. The Masonic Bystom exhibits a stupendous and beau tiful fabric founded on universal piety. To rule and direct our passions ; to have faith and hope in God, and charity towards man,' BROTHER THE REV. JAMES WATSON, Lancaster, 1/94. ' Masonry has the Omnipotent Architect of the Universe for the object of its adoration and imitation ; bis great and won derful works for its pattern and prototype ; and the wisest and best of men of all ages, nations, and languages, for its patron! and professors, But though masonry primarily inculcates morals and tho religion of nature, it has caught an additional spark from the light of revelation and the sun of wonrEons nebs. And though masonry continues to burn with subordinate lustre, it lights the human traveller on the same road ; it breathes a concordant spirit of universal benevolence and brotherly love ; adds ono thread more to tho silken cord of evangelical charity which binds man to man, and crowns tbe cardinal virtues with Chbistian graces.' BROTHER WILLIAM PRESTON, 1796. ' Speculative masonry is so far interwoven with religion, as to lay us under the strongest obligations to pay that rational homage to the Deity, which at once constitutes our duty and happiness. It leads the contemplative to view with reverend and admiration the glorious works of creation, and inspires them with tho most exalted ideas of the perfections of the divine Creator.' BROTHER THE REV. JETHRO INWOOD, Depiford, 1799. 'Masonry is truly the sister of religion ; for she boasts ner efficacy in all its native influence; and is continually *P° assistant promoter of like principles and of like actions. Tho central point of all her innumerable lines, squares and circleji is t/w; love of God. And upon this central point ete taJMJ her/atfftj from it she derives her hope of glory hero m hereafter ; and by it she squares her conduct in strict justice and universal cliarity. Tho central point of nil t™J Christianity and of all true Masonry is, tbe love of Goa.. ' Masonry is dedicated only to the Gospel. It has nw™K its institution but what both the law of Moses and of CM™ will fiiUy allow and universally sanction. To be masonic a ?» be truly religious in' both its parts j first seeking and cheriswns in our hearts the true fear of God, and then, from this principw bringing forth all the amiable fruits of righteousness, wnu;l-»re the praise and glory of God,' ?t'f BROTHER ALEXANDER LAURIE, 1804. *? In nil ages it has been tbe object of freemasonry, not only tjto inform the minds of its members, by instructing them in the Wees and usefiJ arts, but to better their hearts by enforcing the precepts of religion and morality. In the course of the eercLnieW initiation, brotherly love loyal* and other vu; tues are inculated in hieroglyphic symbols, and the candidate is often reminded that there is an eye above which obsorveth the workings of his heart, and is ever fixed upon the thoughts and actions of men.' EARL OF MOIRA, 18L3. ' You ought to feel the incalculable beneat which the serious objects of masonry must derive from this public display of the sentiment of royalty towards the Brotherhood ; this avowal from so many of those immediately connected with the throne, :that they make common caUse with your welfare and your affections. Let us carry this thought further. Let' us exult in the advantage which may ensue to every class in Britain, from the circumstance, that these elevated individuals could not have been present here, had they not previously received all those solemn inculcations which Masonry endeavours to dis pose the heart of each of the initiated to promote the comfort of his fellow . . . . ? They share with us in the glowing con fidence that the beneficence of a superintending Father perpe tually shields us. They participate with us in that sure hope of the future, which makes our present existence appear but a speck In the immensity of our immortal heritage. They are assimilated to us in all the generous affections of that Charity which tells us, that kindness to all nrast be the oblation most acceptable to Him who, in creating all, could have no motive but their happiness.' H. B. B. THE DUKE OF SUSSEX, 1813. ' Masonry is one of the most sublime and perfect institu tions that ever was formed for the advancement of happiness and general good to mankind ; creating, in all its varieties, universal benevolence and Brotherly Love. It holds out allure ments so captivating, as to inspire the brotherhood with, emu lation to deeds of glory, such as must command, throughout the world, veneration and applause ; and such as must entitle those who perform them to dignity and respect. It teaches us those useral, wise, and instructive doctrines, upon which alone true happiness is founded ; and at the same time affords those easy paths, by which we attain the rewards of virtue ; it teaches us the -duties which we owe to our neighbour, never to injure him in any one situation, but to conduct ourselves with justice and impartiality ; it bids us not to divulge the mystery to the public ; and it orders us to be true to our trust, to be above all meanness and dissimulation ; and in all our avocations to per form religiously that which we ought to do.' ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA, 1814. 'The structure of the Lodge is a pattern of the universe ; and the first entry of a mason represents the first worship of the true God.' FROM AN ANONYMOUS PAMPHLET PRINTED IN 1804. 'Masonry annihilates all parties, conciliates all privato opinions, and renders those, who, by their Almighty Father, were made of one blood, to be also of one hoart and one mind ; brethren bound, firmly bound together by that indissoluble tie, the love of their God, and the love of their kind.' BROTHER TBE REV. FRED. W. FREEMAN, M. A. CURATE OF HANGLEV, 1849. ' The science of Freemasonry is best calculated truly to im prove the soul. Here the several parts of all human learning take their proper offices, and constitute as they ever ought the true handmaids of Religion ; for it ifl only then they can ever be truly ornamental. For better is the lowest depth of ignorance accompanied with the sincerity of religion, than the highest ac quirements of any human science, which produces that most unnatural of all productions, a carelessness of the soul's best interests, that is, the knowledge of God, and his Son Jesus Christ our Lord. ???????? * * This as a minister of God, I declare is true religion ; this I declare as a Mason, is the principle of all true and undisguised Masonry, and the conduct of every true Mason ! And this I advise, as a Brother, and as a friend to all ; go and do thou likewise, and as ye have opportunity do good unto all men.' BROTHER THE REV. J. O. DAKEYNE, M. A. WOLVER HAMPTON 1847. ' I would only say that the principles upon which Free masonry is founded, thus uprising — thus increasing — thus work ing — and thus now flourishing, can boldly appeal to antiquity to prove the order to be no new thing — to the long roll of His tory to prove it to be no vain thing — and to present Experience and feelings, to prove it to be a good thing ! ? ? ? ? ? A. true and single hearted Freemason, searching honestly for truth, must become an humble homage-bearer to the mercy seat of Jesus Christ ! BROTHER THE REV. EDWARD POLE, A. M., DEVON, 1841. ' The principles by which all the Masons in the world were cemented, were brotherly love, relief, and truth. By the ex ercise of brotherly love, they were taught a mutual dependancc on each other, and to bear an open hand and heart towards all ranks and conditions of men, thus making an acknowledgment of that Parent Stock from whence all nations of the world originally sprung. Tbe second grand principle of the Masonic Order was a plant of heaven-sprang seed, sown by brotherly love, and watered by the tear of sympathy — an obligation to cheer the orphan, to relieve the widow — an obligation that would soothe the hour of sickness, and give them consolation in the moment of dissolution, ' &c.; BROTHER THE REV. THOS. EYRE POOLE, A. M., OF OXON. ' The only true tests by which, as Masons, we should most rigorously prove ourselves, whose whole system in all its ma ehinery, speculative or operative, inculcate the Belief in, and Worship of, One True and Omnipotent God, in His threefold characters of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost : insists upon our entire trust in Him ; and most solemnly directs us to prove our Faith and Sincerity by the improvement of our hearts and minds to His Glory, and the good of mankind.' BROTHER THE REV. GEORGE ROBERTS, B. A., MON MOUTH. ' The Most High is the true foundation of all Masonic Science— under every revelation which he has condescended to vouchsafe to a fallen race— whether as the God of Nature in the world's infiincy— whether as Jehovah in the Mosaic dis pensation, or whether as ' Our Father' in the full light of his only blessed Son, our Lord and Saviour. Still Masonry has eagerly ndopted and engrafted into its system, all the truths concerning God's relations to mau, as they have successively dawned upon the world— thus continually exhibiting itself as tUe hand-maid to Religion, from its foundation to its cope stone, sanotifiod and anointed with the wisdom and knowledge of the Most .High.' . ' BROTHER JAMES SHARP, JUN., HON. COR. SKC. ROYAL SIIAK8PERIAN 8OC1ETV. 'That mystical institution, in whose assemblies the sacred Law of God is ever before the eyes of the initiated ;. and where pure Religion and sound Morality tench us constantly to look from ' Nature up to Nature's God ;' and to contemplate the works of an Almighty hand — to view the genius of man, and tbo wonders of all created being, but as subjects that should diffuse a heavenly radiance over all the common thoughts, feelings, and occupations of life, refining what is gross, and redeeming what is low and impure.' ' BROTHER THE EARL OF DURHAM, AT GRAND LODGE, 1838. 'Your Deputy Grand Master (Lord H. John Spencer, Churchill), has alluded to my expected voyage and mission. I am sensible of the duties thereby imposed upon me ; but this I know, that if there are any principles which will best di rect the course of my conduct, they will be found in the strict est observance of those which illustrate and adorn the craft. When I remember that the lovo of justice and toleration are among the primary objects of Freemasonry, I feel that by fol lowing those principles, which are the ornaments of our Order, . I shall succeed in proportion as I -shall observe them; tbus carrying into practice the Masonic tenets of peace, forgiveness, and charity. I feel confident that as the society has existed from time immemorial, instead of being what many other so cieties too often arc—dangerous to the State — you will con tinue, under the dispensation of Providence, to be its best sup port, by your loyalty to the throne, and by your fidelity to your institutions.' Sir William Follett's Testimonial in Favour of Free masonry. — The future Attorney-General bad been for many months called to the bar when we again met. This was early in 1826. He then spoke calmly but feelingly of the professional jealously which existed amongst those to whom he was now affiliated. ' Players rivalry,' said be, ' is a joke to it.' You can have no conception of its extent or strength, unless you yourself belong to the profession. He then reverted to past scenes and mutual friends; and in the course of conversation I inferred, from a passing remark, that he had become a Mason. I asked if my conclusion were correct. ' It is,' was his reply. ' I was initiated at Cambridge.' Light had not then beamed upon myself; and I expressed in scoffing terms my astonishment. ' In your early struggles at the bar,' re marked he, with quiet earnestness, * you require something to reconcile you to your kind. You see so much of bitter ness and rivalry, and jealously, and hatred, that you are thankful to call into active agency a system which creates in all its varieties, kindly sympathy, cordial and wide spread benevolence, and brotherly love.' ' But surely,' says I, 'you don't go to the length of asserting that mason ry does all this V 'And more ! The true Mason thinks no evil of his brother, and cherishes no designs against him. The system itself annihilates parties — and, as to censoriousness and calumny, most salutary and stringent is the curb which Masonic principles, duly carried out, applies to an unbridled tongue.' ' Well, well, you cannot connect it with religion— you cannot, say or do as you will, affirm of it that Masonry is a religious system.' ' By and by you will know better,' was the reply. ' Now, f will only say this — that the Bible is never closed in a Mason's lodge — that Mason's habitually use prayers in their lodges — and in point of fact, never assemble' 'for any purpose without performing acts of religion. ' I gave you credit,' continued be, with a smile, ' for being more thoroughly emancipated from nursery trammels and slavish prejudice.' — Stray Leaves from a freemason's Note Book. ON THE VALUE OF MASONIC PUBLICATIONS, BY THE REV. JOHN OSMOND DAKEYNE, M. A. The following Extract is copied from the Freemasons' Quarterly Review for June, 1844, from the Speech of the Rev. J. Osmond Dakeyne, delivered on the occasion of his presiding at the Festival of the Oliver Testimonial, at Lincoln, on the 9th May, 1844. ' I need not tell you, Brethren, what Freemasonry is : be fore I was initiated, now some twenty years ago, I had read a good deal about what it is not.. I allude to a book published by Professor Robison of Edinburgh, towards the close of the last century, entitled, ' Proofs of a conspiracy,' &c.;, in which he, with great ingenuity and considerable ability, endeavoured to connect Freemasonry with the worst features of the illumi nati, &c.;, of tho continent. He was kind enough to say that he thought Masonry in England was, in some degree, free from the charges he had brought against it. And what were those charges ? That we were disloyal, irreligious and conspiring to overturn all sacred and settled institutions '. This book made a great impression ; but that impression is removed. And how ? By these books which lie before me ! — (Great cheering as the Rot. Bro. then hold up, splendidly bound copies of Dr. Oliver's Masonic Works.) These havo dissipated for ever the accusation brought against our Craft. Disloyal ! Why, at the very moment when Professor Robison published his book, who were the heads of our order ? The chivalrous Earl of Moi ra, — George Prince of Wales, and Edward Duko of Kent ! Dis loyal '. Was not George the IV. our Grand Master. Was not W illiam the IV. our Brother and Patron ? Our last Grand Master was a Royal Duke. The Duke of York was one of the Brotherhood. The King of Hanover is a Freemason '. Would all these Princes have belonged to a disloyal society ? Arc we conspirators to overthrow settled institutions ? Who is tho present head of the army ? The Duke of Wellington \ aye, tho Duke of Wellington is a Freemason ! Are we irreligious ? The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Primate of all England, is a Freemason, and was once Master of a Bristol Lodge ! But I need not pursue these points ; but sure I am that noithcr I nor my Rev. Brothers near me would be present were it possible to bring any such charges to bear against us. These facts, and above all, these books have set our order in its true light. And who wrote these books ? Our friend and Brother and guest, whom wo are now assembled to honour ! They arc tbe witnesses to his ex ertions — they aro tho vouchers for his services. Our Brother Goodacre has aptly alluded to the spreading of Masonry in the East, and, indeed, over the world. Wherever our principles have gone thither also has passod tho name of Dr. Oliver, the historian and the sage of Masonry ; and contributions to this offer ing from tho distant climes, prove in some measure, that his labours aro not unrecognized.' (The following, extracted from the Examiner of last Saturday, should have followed the article headed Free masonic, page 782, to which that article refers : — ) Freemasonry. — Our attention has beeu called to the following advertisement, which appears in the London papers: — ' A RITUAL of FREEMASONRY— 200 Engravings. — Fourth Thousand. — AH seems to be thrown open to view— the sight is one at which the heart sickens. — Melli. New Conn. Magazine, ? This exposure will go far to annihilate their disgraceful existence. — Chrittian Advocate ? We recommend the reflect ing public to read it soon. — Univcrte ? We were not prepared for such a picture of profanity and fully. —Christian Eecord. ? Jf one half this book be true, freemasonry is one of the most unblushing abominations that was ever imposed upon the credulous. — Christian Examiner ? The abduction auj murder of the Morgan referred to, which occurred in 1828, created a great sensation, not in America only, but iu this country, and over Europe, and induced many persons to leave a society which was stained with such a crime. — Bradford Observer. ..... We had no idea that freemasonry was such a compound of folly and profhneneBs.' — Christian Witness. In our simplicity, we regarded freemasonry as a very harmless affair : subject, indeed, to the suspicion which must attach to all secret societies, but not inimical to good government. We were prepared to learn that there was . much mummery in the ceremonies, and no small portion of gammon in the pretensions put forth, but we never en tertained the notion that a fraternity which had existed so long was chargeable with that which the authorities cited impute. It is a very unimportant matter to assert that Adam was the first m'ason, Noah a very celebrated mason, and Solomon a master mason. There can be nothing ob jectionable in the emblems usually emblazoned on ma sonic flags, sashes, and aprons. Mahometans are as eli gible for membership as Christians : but it is not pretended the institution is Christian ; indeed Christianity has uo esoteric doctrines or rites. We are in want of information. If any of our readers possess the ' manual' we shall be obliged if permitted to peruse it, and we shall be equally pleased if some accredited mason can, without divulging the secrets of the craft, let us know something of the principles of the society. Are oaths administered? Is it true that the man Morgan was abducted and murdered by freemasons for discovering their mysteries, and does the constitution of the society sanction 'abduction and murder in similar cases ? Is a religious regard of oaths in a court of justice at all points compatible with an observance of the secret oaths to the society ? Arc treason and murder the only crimes which a freemason dare expose, if perpe trated by a brother, and even these at bis own option ? Information on such points would either relieve freema sonry of tbe odium the above work is calculated to cast upon it, or to exhibit it as a system subversive of social well-being. That there are thousands of masons who would shrink from an act of injustice, or shelter a criminal we sincerely believe; but it is not the character of indi vidual members, it is the nature of the principles of the society which is in question. Without further enlighten ment on the subject, we can neither approve nor condemn freemasonry . — Launceston Examiner. 