OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT. The following is the commencement of n bi-monthly correspondence, for which wo some twelve months since made arrangements. We are gratified in linvuig succeeded in obtaining the ser vices of a gentleman of first-rate abili ties, and literary and political experience, (also one of the most popular writers of the day,) having the cntrt'e to circles calculated to materially assist him in his correspondence. Much parliamen tary and other movements concerning the Australian Colonies, which never find vent in the London Press, will be supplied by our correspondent. The concluding portion of this, his first letter, is tlic only part of it having reference to the colonies : — (IT.OM OUR LONDON COItRESPONPKNT.) London, January Q th, 1810. So, Mr. Daily A Ties, nothing butn Lon don correspondent will do you. Well, bet tor late than never. Mnke'thu most of him while you hove got him. Perhaps it won't be for long. Don't ho too sure that there will he a London nt a I, much less a cor respondent, by this time twelvemonths | for seeing what has been going on in 18 18 nil over Europe, it is not quite beyond the reach of political possibility that by 1830 there may he something like the realisation of the vision of M»cauly,as to a" traveller from New Zealand (Melbourne would do quilcns well) taking up n position on n broken arch of London Jiridge, and sketching the ruins of St. Paul's." However, let us not commence our acquaintance too cronkingly. For iny part, I have never done the dismals to my own or any other person's satisfaction yet, though I have been writing obituuries these last twenty yenrs, and I don't think I shall succeed till I have tried my hnnd at my own funeral. _ Here is a world io chaos, with just a glimmer of returning order as re gards our neighbours, and by that glimmer let us look cheerilv on the still ''inviolate isle of tho brave and the free," though blue devils caper appallingly beyond the imme diate range of our microscopic vision, filling the outer darkness wiili gorgons and chimeras dire, not the less hideous because we can't make head or tail of them. This bus been n much busier, if not mer rier, Christmas than lust, nnd fur merrier, too, than one would have been justified in predicting six months ago, saying nothing of three or four months before that, Seemingly, the most impossible things in nature have come to pass since this time twelvemonth j yet here is our own homely' mattcr-of-fact jog-trot, turkey-eating, oys ter-sending world of London, revolving rut its own old-fashioned, impudent, growling, discontented, self- praising, cverybody- nbusing Cockney axis, just as if nothing out of the way had happened to anybody, nnd as if the dethronement of kings, the flight of viziers, the exploit of the Widow M'Cor- mnck, and the overthrow of Smith O'Hricn, were tho conjurations of n fairy tnle, nnd had no more substantial existence than a Moorgate-strvet ltnilwny of 1813 has in 1818\. We none of us eat out' mince-pie with the less gusto from the reflection that our constitution lias not been made mince meat of, ami tiie British lion chopped into sausages for theregalcment of Mr. Annrclitis Clooty, Mitchell, nnd Mr. Abbe Sieves C'uflV.v. To be sure, the Civil List is a practical incivility j everybody would like to take the I-Ieroditniy Grand Falconer down n peg; there is nobody believes anybody is really in Earnest when he says lie does not grudge the King of Ilnnnvei his £ 1 0,000 n-yonr ; and all England knows that Mr Ward, the once radical and still liberal secretary to tho Admiralty, would gladly reduce the maintenance nf tho navy to the cost of a Scarborough cockle fleets' outfit, if ho wns perfectly sure that we might strike up " Brittnnia rules the waves'" on the national piano with the same forte as nt present. But, taking things ns they are, nnd seeing how times go, we may, without the exercise of any wonderful degree of philoiophv, think with equanimity of our Snapdragon nt home, without much longing lor the dragon-snapping over the water. Tillies, taxes and turnpikes, arc n horrid alliterative trio, there's no doubt j and " liberty, fra ternity, and equality," are infinitely more poetical and classical, besides heing more genteel — on paper ; But, somehow', John Bull is so much of a calf thnt he prefers bleating nwav at gangers, excisemen, income tax eommissiotiers.aiul tlie other abominable apparitions with pens in their ears nnd little ink bottles nt their button holes, to all the visions that present themselves in such facinating attire to the imaginations of our continental Utopians. The short nnd the long of it is, that we enjoyed this Christ mas with nil the keener " relish for the tumbles of tiie luckless Mounseers, anil tlie Squliui, nnd the Herrs, and the Dons. It may be very shocking, of course to say so, but did anybody ever doubt tlic truth of the Frenchman's saying, that there is n plea sure in the misfortunes of our friends ? And if that be correct, is it to be supposed thnt wc are to tear our hair and forswear brandy sauce to our plum pudding, because foreigners are at loggerheads with each other about their Logs anil Storks ® By no means, If there be one of our insti tutions (for it has become such) which we would glttdly oxehango for something con tinental (and it would he diflicult to get anything worse), railway law would he that commodity ; and if ever there was a tran quilizer to revolutionary spirits that is the one. Warner's Long Range would he no thing to it against a barricade; anil had the late Emperor of Austiia provoked his subjects to such actions as have been going on lately at Guildhall, he would bave never had to call in Wiudiz-gratz, and tho ban of an equivocal verdict would have been equi valent to tlie Brum of Croatin, multiplied by nll_ the consonants in tho name of Jcllnchich. Now a u o:d on that point, though stags have as yet no immediate consanquinity with kangaroos. Da any of your readers know anything about railway law? Have they a notion thnt they do? Well, then, if they have, the chances ate a thousand to one that their notion is just the reverse of what il ought to be. Times out ol number it was decided, within tlie last three years, that a provisional com mittee mail is not liable for the preliminary expenses of a company. There were de cisions, it is true, fixing him with lia bility; hut the doctrine of non-linhility prevailed in the great majority of cases, nnd wns lately understood to rule in all. A week or two back, however, a ease of the kind came before four of the judges: two were of one way of thinking, and two of an opposite way, the question heing so stnringly plain, that no-one less learned than a judge would he clever enough to make a mistake about it. No sooner did this glorious uncertainty of the law become manilest, than a tnyri id of lawyers simul taneously " blew a blast so Ininl niul dread, were ne'er prophetic sounds so full of woe;" nnd swarms of unhappy defendants in defunct lines were presented with the greetng of Victoria Hex, ns Messrs Slonino, LevV, and Isancs, call her Majesty when summoning them to tiial. And hupless has been the fate of those who hare just again come before Lord Dcmnon — tlie mortal nnd implacable foe of all llic race of Staggerv. To no purpose were farmer precedents cited exculpating tlic doomed provisionals. If a question of law arose, iiis lordship bowed to the decision of his learned brothers, Wilde, 1'ollock, Kile, Alderson, &c.;, &c.;, hut reminded coun cil that the question before the court wns rot one of law hut one of fact ; — if, on tlie other hand, the fact were in poor Stag's fnvour, the Chief Justice intimated to tlic advocate that the law was clearly against him, ii n 1 (hut the jury would be so in structed from the bench. The jury took both law nnd fact from his lordship, and Stng was cast in damages and .smashed in costs in every cose. Loud has been the exultation throughout the realms of Chan cery lane, nnd fierce the wrath, anil deep tlie tribulation resounding in the vicinage of Cupel-court in consequence. In the recollection of the denizens of both, the name of Denman will hold a conspicuous pluce for mnny a Christmas to come. But this is all Greek to you nt the other end of tlie world, nnd well for you it is so, Australia Felix, indeed, to be ig norant of tliu wrongs, the woes, nnd the heart burning arising out of tlie manufac ture of Scrip in tlio fatal '-13. Come wo back, therefore, to something of more general interest. On tlie subject of foreign politics, I shall offer 110 speculation. Everybody feels, though few will confess ns much, llmt the future mainly depends on Franco. The following particulars are especially well worth your consideration, as they will help, in n great measurp, io explain some at least of the more inscrutable phases connected with the Into extraordinary fortunes of the new French Bin ident. I am not going to inflict upon you another biography of Louis Napoleon, hut tlie annexed data us to his European nnd English connections are deserving of especial' nolo, and have been strangely overlooked by those writers nnoug ourselves who linvo devoted most consideration to the affairs of the strange personage now at tlie head, (for how long, no one can pretend to guess), of the new order of things in France. Often ns the question lins been asked, it bus never before been properly answered., " Who is Louis Niipoleuii ?" Tlic grandson of Josephine — the son of iter beautiful high- minded daughter, Hortense. That bus been repeatedly said, nml thus we see the united star of Bi'iuihnrnais nml Bonaparte has ngnin uscumlcd in u most extraordinary maimer; nail what is not least remarkable is, that u bile the attempt of the Emperor Napoleon to idly his line to that of Austria, ami the blood royal of Europe failed, tlie Napoleon family, through the Empress Josephine, lias strangely mingled itself with the greater number of the royal races of tlie continent. We do know that Eugene Benohainais, the son of Josephine, Viceroy of II dy, and Duke of Leiiehtenberg, mar ried tlie eldest daughter of Maximilian Joseph, King of Itavaiiu — Ainalie Augusta. But the connection resulting therefrom, have not been traced. By her lie had two sons and four daughters. The eldest son, second Duke of Lmiehlenberg, married Queen Dniiua Maria of Portugal, while his sister married Don Bedro, Emperor of Brazil. This son dying, the next became Duke of Leiiehtenberg, nnd married in 1839, the Grand Duchess Maria, the eldest daughter of the Emperor Nicholas of Russia. Thus the royal and impel. d fami lies of Russin, Prussia — whose King is brother-ill law, to the Czar — and of Bavaria, being' closely related, the Bcauhnrnnis are ultimately related to nil these families. But it does not end there. The sisters nf the present Duke of Leiichtcnhcrg ami cousins of Louis Napoleon married one of them —Josephine — Oscar the present King of Sweden ; another, Eugenie, the riding Duke Frederick of lloheiizotlern — Hoeliingen; the third ns you have been told, the Emperor Pedro of Brazil ; the forth, Theodoline, the Count William of Wi rteniliurg. Another connection with Werteinburg and Russia exists in tho per son of the Countess D niiilon, daughter of Jerome Bonaparte, (ex-King of Westphnlin and just made governor of tiie Invalides,) by the Princess of Werteinburg, now 28, and her husband, formerly Grand Duke of Tuscany, now a Russian Prince. Again, the Grand Duchess of Bndcn Stephanie, ii a Ueuiihiirnnis, was mnriied by Nnpoleon to tho Grand Duke of Baden, nml her daughter, the Princess Mary, marvicd the Marquis of Douglas, elder son and' heir of the Duke of Hnmilton. Even among the chief nobility of England, the Beatilmrnnis blood lias found its wny Besides the Marquis of Douglas, Lord Dudley Stuart, nnd Thomas Wyse, one of the present secretaries of the Board of Con Iron I, nre directly allied to tho Bonaparte family by mnrringe with daughters nf Lti- chm, the brother of the Emperor, Prince of Cimino. The present Prince of Cnnino, Louis Napoleon's cousin, is again allied hy marriage of himself, aunt, ami sisters, with the powerful Burghase family (through them with the Earl of Shrewsbury nnd the Talbot fiuidL) wiili Prince Gubrielli, und others, Thus the blood of the Bonaparte family, contrary to the plans of Napoleon hintseif, and. ns it were, in conjunction with the star of Josephine, lins mingled itself with tlie noble and tlie royal blood of nearly all Eu rope. Louis Philippe, aware of lliis, too, exerted all his cunning nnd scheming to put down, banish, and counteract its influ ence, anil to knit up his own family into similar alliances, hut in ruin. His lust most desperntu and almost successful effort, that of the Spanish marriage, only hasten ing iiis downfall. He now sees his lulled rival, spite of his imprisonments, banish ments, and endeavours to impose oaths of rer.uiicinliuus on him, nseentled to his va cated pluce, nt the he id of the French Nation. And is not tho French nation, you will nsk, weli aware of the facts we have here detailed ? Is it not as well nwnrc of these wide nml great nml imperial idliances as it is of the martial prestige of the Bonaparte name? Anil still more, uro not all those influences all over Europe at work — along with die enthusiasm of tiie French people to effect what we have seen effected with astonishment? These facts mav ex- plain some of tlie mystery of Louis Napo leon's brilliant success, nnd should his power take firm root in France, and nil Im perial replace the destroyed Royal throne, they may explain and prepare us for much nf flint change. You must recollect that Louis Napoleon has persisted in refusing to let a .syllable escape him, in spite of all menaces, promises, and entreaties, of the parties or inlluencies which led him to un dertake his attempts on the French crown — nnd we must hear in mind too, that in his 'Idees Napoleonnes,' he confidently as serted that his Napoleon dynasty was the only one which France would permanently accept, and that it had its work yet to com plete. Bear these strange circumstances in mind ns you watch tlie eventful progress of the Napoleon star. We are tolerably busy in the literary world. The great feature of the season has been — " Macauly's History of England from the accession of James the Second I" A second edition was called for almost the day the first was published. Without ex ception all the critics have lauded it most warmly — indeed extravagantly ; for tho truth is, it is made up in great part of speeches, or what would have been speeches had the Right Hon. Author had an oppor tunity of speaking them. You will of course expect some notice of Boz's Christmas Book — (the Haunted man and the Ghost's Bargain) — not of the story, for that you will have gathered from the ordinary channel, or from the work itself ; but as to its reception, with it word on the author. My version will differ con siderably from what is the commonly received notion at the antipodes, or even here; but the chances are, that by the time any of your readers reach this country they will find an universal confirmation of the truth of the annexed remarks. Even as it is — Dicken's Fancy for Christmas-time has been received with preternolurul indiffer ence, contrasted with the enthusiasm thnt used to herald the advent of Boz at this time of the year, in the Cricket and Carol and Chimes' days. It seems to be an ac cepted truism on all hands, that he is written out in his once peculiar vein, and that the new style he has taken up is quite foreign and unnatural to him. Of course enough remains of the old spirit to secure him a popularity that would be the making of three or four less lucky authors, for that luck had a vast deal to do with the cele brity of Mr Dickens is a fact that has long been growing apparent to the most super ficial annotator of his career. It is to be remembered, though it very seldom is, that Mr Dickens began to write just at the moment Mr Charles Knight and the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Know ledge were beginning to familiarize the masses with a taste for reading — a taste immensely stimulated by the reduction of the stamp duties on newspapers and the extraordinary improvement in the literary characteristics or journalism ; and, still fur ther stimulated and ministered to by the- happy expedient of cheap monthly publica tions, which the writer adopted, aided by caricaturists whose drawings would have' sold any sort of letter-press to a very large extent. The reading millions, then be ginning to read for tho first time, and finding topics treated exactly congenial to their' own notions of the fitness of things, were delighted with the literal fidelity of the Boz portraiture of still and animated life: — old city houses and old coachmen, furnished lodgings and gents., the vernacular of the call stand and the minor theatre green room, and so on; and the educated and critical reader was equally delighted with this novel specimen of great power in a new order of art, just as the gyrations of the Ame rican wheelabout Rice were immensely pa tronised hy the habitues of the ballet at the Opera House, But the public have all this while been geting more and more fas tidious. Their reading has rendered them utterly intolerant of what they thought first-rate ten years ago, Mr. Dickens, on tho other hand, has been standing still. Every fresh draught from the original fountain comes more and more diluted — weaker and weaker — till hardly a souvenir' (as the phrase goes) is left of what once sparkled so charmingly and so racily. But even these lees and dregs of the old vin tage are voted superior to the artifical com pounds with which he now endeavours to tickle the palate. Herein he differs so strikingly from Titmarsh (Thackery), who, having first made a literary name, for the possession of literary attributes (of which Mr. Dickins never had nor pretended to have any) has progressed in favour with all classes of readers, till he is now perhaps the most generally esteemed, as well as most generally esteemed of all contemporary writers of fiction of the present day. To use another illustration, Dickens now is like what Betty was when he ceaced to be young Rocius. Betty at nine and ten years of age unpeopled Covent Garden, and left the Kembles, Mrs. Siddons, and all the oracles of Thalia and Melpomene venting Shaksperian heroics and their own mortifi cation to empty benches, while he drew the world of savants, beauty, wealth, rank, and fame after him, from the king on his throne to the shop-boy behind his master's counter. But the same Master Betty when he be- came Mister, and when the roseiness of boyhood gave place to the first indications of manhood, could not attract two dozen people in a country town, though he used to put a cloak upon him with 5000 guineas worth of diamonds on it, when he played Achmet, in Bajazet, in the hope of luring the bumpkins. When Mr. Dickens began Pickwick he was the young Roscius of light story telling. He informs us himself that he had not the slightest idea of a plot, or conception of character, or anything of the sort; all was a matter of the merest chance — he intended to string a parcel of sketches together, nothing more : and even that intention was entirely altered in exe cution in the second number. As for in culcating any peculiar views of social ethics, or working out a particular moral; the very thought of such a thing would have supplied him with a theme for quiz zing— nothing more. Now, however, he frames Christmas story books, with " a high exalted purpose." and the conse quences are before us in a rapid declension, not only of his late fame, but of what is due to his early successes. The notice of tho Haunted Man, in the Times, contemptuous and sarcastic as it is, falls very far short of what was expected, considering tho nature of tho book, and especially considering the way in which the Thunderer mangled the Battle of Life this time two years. But then the Times had the additional motive of wishing to dis parage its own rival on the press — the Daily News, which sprung into large circulation on the mere strength of Mr Dickens' name — though the connexion was pernicious alike to the paper and tho author ; for the latter proved himself wholly unfitted for journalism, and tho former suffered in con sequence of the incapacity of the public favourite. Much more than what we have been talking about, however, it concerns you to know, the progress of the emigration movement to the Australian Colonies, of which you are now no doubt beginning to realize some of the first substantial consequences. This letter has already run to too great a length to permit of the subject being trented in tlie mamier its own intrinsic importance and your anxiety respecting it demand. Its short comings however, shall lie atoned for in tlie next,., despatch, hy which time Piirlinniniit will have assembled, and it is very confidently expected that allusions of a very significant nature will he made to emigration and colonization, in the speech from the throne. For the present it must suffice to say that the C'olonizition Society have succeeded in thoroughly nrotising the Britisli public, through the instrumentality of the Britisli press, and a sense of the abiding importance of emigration to Aus tralia. Tho projection and formn'ion of this invaluable association is chiefly duo to the brothers Mark nnd Lennox Boyd, who linvo nil tlie family characteristics so strikingly deve loped in their brother Benjamin Boyd, of New South Wales ; the same vigorous and energetic disposition, the same enlarged views of ulteriorly great effects from trivial causes, nnd the sumo s.pen-hiindcd liberality in carrying out their objects, as fur as a free nnd prompt expenditure of money, wholly ontinctiired however, hy ostentation, enn nccoinplish it. The society was origi nated by Murk Boyd, (the partner of Ben jamin in their great city house, 'Boyd Brothers, of Bank Buildings,) and received its first systematic form and consistency, from the youngest of the brothers, Lennox Bnvd, who has worthily succeeded to the resident directorship of tlic United Kinif- dom Life Otlice ; founded and carried to a degree of almost unexampled prosperity and magnitude in the time, by his father, who, mnny yeurs before, founded that now equnlly prosperous nnd influential concern, the 'North British Assurance Office.' In name, purse, character, falent, zenl, judg ment, individual weight, and the influence of their immense connections, tlie Bnyds have been tlie head, heart, and soul of the 'Colonization Society ; ' and have rendered it perhaps, tho most powerful hotly that ever prosecuted n lionpoliticnl object in these kingdoms. The Society have won tho respect, esteem, and co-operation of all classes, and of ull -shades of opinion. All the leading organs of public feeling in London and the provinces, praise alike tho discretion, energy, moderation, and perseverance of their proceedings ; and there is not the least likelihood of tlic for feiture of tlie appreciation in which they are held. It would be impossible to praise loo highly tho tact and application of the linn. Francis Scott, M. 1'., the agent in the House of Commons, for New South Wales, nnd the parliamentary representative gen eral of the whole of Australia, for he is looked upon here ns such, and virtually is so ns regards the dissemination of informa tion, nnd tlie interest taken in Australian affairs. He is a most able and ready speaker, full of fn'Cts nnd figures, adroit in their application to tlie exigencies of mnsl kinds of unemployed lnhnnr here, and in the enjoyment of a character nnd position thnt ensures for nil he says a degree of con sideration in and out of tho lioiiso not often accorded to the exponents of colonial matters. It may be of interest to mnny of your renders to learn some particulars of a gentleman whose iitnne will long be identified with the wclfitre of Australia. Tho Honourable Frnn'cis Scott, member for Roxburghshire, is third soil or Hugh, ourth Baron PolwnHh, hy Harriet, daughter of the late Hans Moritz' Comr von Bruhl, late Saxon Minister nl this Court; he was born January 31, 130G. .nnd married July 22,1335, Jtilin-Kraueis-Laitrn, (laughter of the Reverend C. Boulthce, niece of George Wyndliam, fourth Earl of Egremont.j is brother in law to Charles Wyndliam, Esq.. Into M.l'., for West Sussex ; honourable M.A., formerly of Trinity College, Cam bridge ; is a bnrrls'tor-nt-lnw of tho Middle Temple'; unsuccessfully contested the county in 1837 ; " was defeated by riots in the town of llowick/' is a moderate liberal minded Conservative ; wns in favour of the Corn Laws. Lord Polwnrtb is cliicT ol the Scots, nnd the lineal tlescendant of Walter Scott of llanlcrt, so celebrated in the warfare nml niinstrclsev of the Scottish Border. . Thnt daring ciiieftnin married Mary " Tlio Flower of Yarrow'" daughter of Scott of Dryliope, nnd was grandfather of two sons — Sir Gideon Scott (whoso son Walter Scott, crentcd Eirl of Terras for life, was progenitor of Lord I'olwnrth), and Walter Scott of Rielnirn, from whom sprung the brightest ornament of his name and country, Sir Walter Sc itt of Abbots- ford. Mr, F. Scott's n ldresses arc — Carl ton Club— Snowdenbnm, Stlrrey— Mertown Berwickshire. Mr. Scott incurs great per sonal cxpence in tlic prosecution of bis labours in connection with the Colonization Society as the cost of his various journeys to tho great towns in which meetings have been held and therttimefous expensive items appertaining to it nre defrayed out of his own pocket — a fuel thnt is the more credit able to him as he has not received one penny of the salary nominally granted him iiv tlic Legislative C-uneil of New South Wales. He lins delivered mnny exceedingly effective speeches, the most elaborate of which wns thntnt Leeds in November, since published in n pnmphlot form, nnd now pro- d icing n degree of good, infeiior only to thnt accruing front his admirable publication " Competence in a colony co itrnsted with poverty nt home," which has possessed the English public more fully of the real stnte of Australia, in a popular telling manner, thnn . nil that lins been printed on the subject for the Inst three orfdur years, Mr. Mark Boyd is An invaluable co'ntl- julorof Mr. Scott's in tho nctunl working out of tho Crtlobization Society's views in stimulating tlic public hy his speeches nt the meetings Alluded to, independent of tliu very aciiYc And substantiAl aid. he nlWils through his pocket . anil hv hiA Advice; Like Ids brother Benjamin, lie disdains all cant .and subterfuge ns td Ids actuating motives in engaging id this .Agitation. Some srtinll popularity, khnwlcrs thought to damage Ids influence by crying out that lid hail n debp iliterest ill wishing; nil influx of labour into Australia ; hut lie iiiimedi- ntely turned the tallies on these, short sighted gentry hy owning llint he had the deepest Interest in so doing— thnt tlie mora people thnt went out the better for the colony and for all intersted in its welfare ; but the better nlso for tlio people going or about to go, nnd it would be for them io say whether it wns or not when they heard the stnlementof those numerous members of the society who have no other motive, whatever for promoting emigration but philanthropy nnd llid finest bcdcvolcnce. This nt once neutralised the poison, and gave to Mr Boyd's nddrcssdj thnt practical value which Englishmen ever attach to speeches when they know that the Speakers heart is in that he is tAlking about. It may odcur to some of your renders to ob ject thnt Mr Mark Boyd lins never liimsalf been ili tlie colony, but nny deficiency thnt might arise on thnt score is more tlinn compens.ttctl for by his hnvitig constantly associated with him in tl.c Cnlonia! business of ids house Mr Samuel Browning, than whom no mnn living better understands, or is more useful in the promotion of a cor rect understanding, nf what is due from the mother fiountry to her p issessions in the l'.ici (i<';0 ml what from the latter to the parent state. To Mr Browning's deep and varied knowledge of conimcreiul operations in nearly every pnrt of the globe, belongs a grant portion of tlie dntn brought to bear last session against the absurd anil mis chievous unvigntion laws, for not only wns his evidence before the Parliamentary C'om- mitteo of tlio utmost utility in itself, but ho wns the chief adviser and promoter of tlio Out of door opposition to those laws, founded on tlie petition of tlie London merchants, of which most Ihnstcrly and conclusive docu ment lie was the nuthot, though neither for that nor for any of his similar inestimable services will lie take tlio lenst Credit amongst Ids most intimate friends, far less with the public at large. M'ith nil wh know him, however, he holds n position to which his merits entitle hiuiiniid of which his modesty nnd his self denial cannot deprive him ; no public mnn is more ready to hear witness to his worth thnn Mr Joseph Hume, who lins made Mr Browning largely instru mental to the common benefit of the conn try in various ways. Those in Australia who may rejoice nt the success of tlie colo- nizulioii society nre indebted lo no mall in this county for that success more than to Mr Samuel Browning, though probably not otto in a thousand in thn colony will over hear of his nnme, as mixed up with the proceedings we nre spenking of. In re ference to the unvigntion Inws wo may hero remark thnt the cause of sound policy re garding them tins lost nil tilde friend in the person of the Enrl of Auckland, first Lord of tho Admiralty, who was a decided nholi- I jonist and one of the most useful men in the ministry. Wc shall pursue the subject of the Coloniza tion Society full in tho next letter, nndmnko mention of the labour of others of its mem bers, including Mr C. D. Logan, who lias been very nctivo nt all tlie meetings, 'and whose 'HiowledgTIij555! 01 great utility JLAu'Ni, J question rcsPectlng the M 