CURRENT GOSSIP ANl) DAT EST INTELLIGENCE FROM ENG LAND. ( From our own Correspondent.) The following summary of political events in the Mother Country, received from a correspondent in Loudon, will be perused with pleasure and instruc- tion by our readers. Nothing is more difficult than to form clear and conse cutive ideas of the events which occur in Europe, from tbe confused and irre gular accounts in the various journals. Such a summary as this has, therefore, been a great desideratum, aud it is with considerable gratification that we an nounce our expectation of being able to furnish a similar summary on tbe ar rival of every vessel from London. The reason why this one does not bring up the news to a later date than the end of November is, that the vessel by which it was sent was compelled to put back, and was detained in quarantine in Eng land, and also on her arrival here. The next summary will resume the review of political matter where this termioatcs, and a sort of condensed history will thus be given, which we doubt not will be found of considerable value. The files of papers accompanying this up to the end of November, furnish you with the current history and par ticulars of what has been transpiring of late in this quarter of the world, and it is next to impossible to furnish you with much exclusive information as to events and circumstances ; but those papers, as you will find, comment upon what occurs, each after its own problem, and according to its own views, interests, opinions, and feelings ; giving you statements so conflicting that your own conclusions ate likely to be as correct as any that are drawn up for your edi fication. (Journalists seem to behold objects through stained glass ; and all that they look upon is green, or blue, black, or while, or no definite colour at all, exactly according to the particular pane which they, from interest or in clination seJ«"'anriTj7,<;.irmblic seems tq \- - CrjTw"1-- k T-- ' .is m .n. . know this, else its perplexity would be great. As good luck will one day have it, and bad luck the next, no journal is always right in its conclusions and speculations. Hut they would all be much nearer the truth than they are, were they to discard party feeling, and vll the one-sided influence that operates .with pledged and wedded politicians. The 1 Times' is less consistent than its -daily contemporaries, and seems to act upon the principle that we should never be ashamed to contradict ourselves, ' for it is onlv saying that we are wiser to day than we were yesterday.' So the ' Times' endeavours to go with the stream, indifferent as to the turnings and windings the current takes. That journal is now with the middle classes, who are for Order, and carries its de fence of institutions almost to ullra- conservatistn. It smacks of high church, advocates the keeping up of our army and navy, bullies the Chartists, mocks the Repealers, and is savage in its onslaught upon rebels While the insurgents of Vienna were fighting for Republicanism, the ' Times' day by day condemned and abused them ' en masse,' as it did the French while they were warring against royalty or anarchy. Then we have the Chronicle,' who has changed hands, and now pins his faith upon Sir Robert Peel, and fixes his hopes upon his re turn to power. Its principles and po- litics have therefore undergone some ad justment, and waver between Whiggery and Toryism, but occasionally point to wards Liberalism, so that they are not easily described. Next comes the ' He- rald,' too deeply sworn to High Church and Toryism to alter, it seems doomed to die in its faith and its devotion. And the 'Post,' persisting in its impotent endeavour to stem the tide of public opinion, is dwindling into nothing. The ' Chronicle,' however, is now managed by gentlemen who lately held responsi ble situations on the 'Times,' and ad- mirably conducted, often beating the ' Times' in its foreign intelligence, and assuredly better sub-edited — for the ' Times' copies most of its paragraphs from the evening papers, and they ex tract largely from the 'Chronicle.' The ' Daily News' is almost alone in its Liberalism. This journal is rising ra pidly. It wants the weight of a long established paper, and sometimes the talent of its contemporaries, but it is no contemptible rival. The reaction shown by all but the lowest classes here of late, will in time pass away, and reform will go on among us. In this move- ment the ' Daily News" must be con spicuous. It discusses social questions, great and small, and these are to be the subjects of future legislation. Events of late have shown thai the people of England, as a people, are for the consti tution as it stands. 'The Queen,' said a French Socialist, when her Majesty went in state to prorogue parliament the other day, 'is an institution.' It was a shrewd remark. When Jullien opened Drury Lane the week before last with his great promenade concerts, the audience would have nothing but ' God Save the Queen' over and over, and if a solitary instance of disloyally was seen, a perfect yell of execration rose against it. So you may guess what is the general feeling. The moral force Chartists are many, but they are made Chartists by the misery they see about them, and were taxation less, and desti tution reduced they would be silenced. Physical Force men have been put down. Every respectable tradesmen in London, with few exceptions, was a special constable, ' ready to act.' The Nation saw what was going on abroad, and ' would not have it ' at home. Those who met, however, and discussed the errors of our system, talked them selves into the belief that they could, by force of number, change it. That was a mistake. Ernest Jones, one of the leaders now in prison, assured me during the agitation, that his party was four millions strong, and like a torrent, it would sweep away all opposition. (A few weeks after, he was convicted ) There are not four million men capable of bearing arms in the country. "Doubtless there are thou sands of dissatisfied individuals. The necessitous are many. Poverty makes men discontented, but not often heroes. The ignorant judge through their feel- ings and their prejudices, they may have justice on their side, and their complaints may deserve attention, but it is madness to think that they can subvert the Government— thrash the army and forcibly put down all who are upon more desirable ground than theirs — they forget that French Repub licans are made up of all classes. When our malcontents belong to every grade of society, then there will be a chance of succeeding if they go to loggerheads. Doubtless you have heard of threatening demonstrations in this country. Believe me, there has never been anything like the prospect of a revolution among us. They were laughed at. I am no politician myself, and not desirous of upholding one opi nion or another, but a mere reporter of facts. Whatever be your own notions as to what should and what should not be tolerated among us, depend upon it, what I tell you is simple truth, and I have no feelings to consult. I am not disposed to censure the Chartists, but I am bound to say, that they (as results have shewn) have over estimated their strength, and are prostrate, and Royally is popular among us. Not that I know of what it does to maintain its popu- larity — save avoiding that which may lessen it. The Whigs have been lucky. They commenced the late session when the entire house was broken up into coteries, and nothing like a party existed ; but they had a difficult game before them. There were the extreme men on cither side ready to oppose one another, and individuals all around them prepared with individual proposals. The free traders were bent upou one thing and the agriculturists upon another. Then there were liberals — friends of the Whigs — wanting favors and concessions for Dissenters, aud the Whigs calling Conservatives to oppose them — having the " pull " both ways. But down upon the Whigs would have fallen old Tories, moderate Conservatives, Whig- Radicals, ultra-Liberals, Dissenters, and all the new men in the bargain, (for your new brooms are the things for " sweeping clean ") had not the French Revolution saved their bacon. When the Chartists assembled, even the Duke of Wellington was with the Whigs consulted, and obeyed. It was a time for measures. The Whigs passed their " Gagging Bill" — for the house was unanimous in the cause of order. The Whigs carried their "Irish Suppression Bill," disarming those to whom they had granted money, which had been openly spoilt in the purchase of muskets. The Whigs occupied Ire land with troops, and put down rebellion that was rampant, and proceeded to crush the Chartists by a law made for the special purpose. It was a trying session. Members worked from 11 a.m., to 2 and 3 p.m. Several have suffered in health. All united to keep tbe peace at home— and they kept it — but not in silence. Lord George Ben tinck's sudden death was brought about by his Parliamentary labour. Benj. D'lsraeli worked hard and looked like a ghost at the close Lord John Rus sell was seriously fagged and jaded; Sir George Grey was "used-up"; even Hume, Bright, and men of that ilk were overworked with watching. There was too much talking, and they are going to reform that abuse of privilege. There is a difficulty in doing it, hut it must he done. We have too many debaters in Parliament — too many active and working men. The ques- tion is already agitated, and there will be some way of deciding by a vote whether a member shall be indulged. # « # You know all the particulars of the trials of the " Conspirators." It was impossible to bring in any other verdict than guilty against O'Brien. Nobody, however, imagined that he would he executed. In order that there may he less diflicuty in obtaining convictions, it is proposed to do away with the pun ishment of death for high treason. Treason is only treason when it fails, and traitors may be sincere men. Hanging them makes them "patriots," " martyrs," &c.;, and open admiration for them is expressed by some, sym pathy by others, and pity by the ma jority. We are all quiet now, and the great topic between this and Christmas will be the distress of the poor. This will he a subject pressing itself upon all classes. Good comes out of evil, for it suggests emigration as the only remedy. You will soon have many " fresh arrivals" at Sydney, for the minds of thousands are turned that way. Railways have sucked up vast sums of money. Thou sands and hundreds of thousands of pounds that were at the command of individuals who had sums to lend or lay out, are now distributed and no longer exist as available capital. Like steam they have dispersed themselves into thin air, and although they exist, are no longer seen or capable of being made useful. The time of paying upon shares is come. Railways have been paying with borrowed money, and their day of reckoning has ar rived. Each company is giving a statement of affairs, and making the best of its case — and bad is the best. But railway property is still good as a permanent investment that will ultimately yield some 4 or 5 per cent. Thus Enterprise, the soul of Great Britain, the source of all its wealth and greatness, has received a check. But on it must go. The com mercial world has suffered, but it is buoyant in the main. Speculation, commerce, and trade will go on among us ; they are our vital elements. Meat will be a shilling a pound by Christmas, it is feared, in consequence of disease having got among cattle ; oxen have rotten hoofs, and sheep the small pox, which innoculating is avert ing to a great extent. Touching O'Brien's writ' of error, it is actually thought that he — and in consequence all the others — will get off upon it. As was the case with O'Connell, who, by the way, never got over the humiliation of his committal, and the Times' Commis sioner; if he gets off upon a point of law, he will be innocent — albeit, a beaten man. I should imagine that the Crown officers would not have granted the writ of error, had they seen the possibility of him escaping upon it. But Law is uncertain, and his friends are confident. The Queen is going to have five theatrical performances, at Windsor, this Christmas ; one a week for five Thursdays running. Charles Kean has the getting of it up — he and Mrs Kean will act the principal parts. Tims I have skimmed over the sur face of things as they have been, are, and are likely to be. Perhaps the vi sits of some 500 or 1000 National Guards (who caing to a fete at Bou logne) have been as great an event as us_ latefy, .nndthe Lord Mayor's show is the latest trifle that I have heard mentioned. By ihe way we are becoming more and more a musical and a dancing people, for our Piomenade Concerts are thronged, and so are our Cassino's. What next 7 M. 