TRIALS AND TRIUMPHS OF GENIUS. From Hunt's Magazine for November. Those who have read the narrative of the sufferings of ragged and hungry Genius, as told by the sufferers them selves in Johnson's Life of Savage,' and in Goldsmiths 'Vicar of Wake field,' will listen to the following letter, addressed to a distinguished gettllemin iu this country, a chapter of autobio graphy, with like interest ; for like those narratives it not only describes the trials, but is written, also, with the pen of Genius. ' The' writer is DIr J. R. Remington, a young man, a Virginian by birth. After residing for a while in Alabama, a few years since he went to Washinr- ton, and exhibited there the models and drawings of several ingenious and (as they have since proved) valuable me chanical inventions of his own. At Washington he made little headway. One of his inventions was a bridge, constrttc'ed 011 a novel principle, or ra- . th»r a principle newly applied, and by which bridges of timber of great length can be thrown across rivers and wide railroad cuts without intermediate sup port. People looked and admired — but somehow, although they saw much that was strikingly original, they could not see how the contrivances were to be made pr-ic'ically useful. Fulton's first 1 steam boat d.ew crowds of such ad mirers round it when 11 was on the stocks. Mr Remington was not discovered. He went to England, arriving in January, 1847. He wenti to use his striking language, ' in search of a man' — like the old philosopher, he sought hut for one mind capable of sympathetic appreciation. He carried with hint his plans a teeming brain, a letter of intro duction and an empty purse. The story of DIr Remington's success has been told by the lips of others, as was most meet — we leave it to himself to describe his struggles and probation. His letter would be marred by any attempt 011 our part to ndd or simplify. Stafford, England, Aug. 15. 1848. My dear Sir, — 1 should have written sooner but that I had nothing pleasant to say. I reached London 011 the 1st of January, 1847, without money or friends, which was just the thing I de sired when I left America, and just the thing I assure you I will never desire aga>n. I commenced operations al once, on the supposition that, in this overgrown city, I could at least enlist one man. But Englishmen are nut Americans. An Englishman will ad vance any amount on an absolute cer tainty. but not one penny where there is the slightest risk, if he got the uhole world by it. I spent the first five 1110 iths looking for this man with unparalleled perseverance and i. dustry, living for less than threepence per day. I am convinced that few per sons in London know so much of that incomprehensibly large city as my self. But alas ! my wardrobe was gone to supply me with tvreichedly baked corn bread, on which 1 lived entirely. I slept 011 straw, for winch I piid one halfpenny per night. I hecatne ragged and filthy, and could no longer go among men of business. Up to this time my spirits never s ink, nor did they then ; but my suf ferings were great. My limbs dis torted with rheumatism, induced by cold and exposure — my face and head sivelltd 10 a most unnatural size with cold and toothache, end those who slept in the same horrid den were wretched street beggars, the very cleanest of them literally alive with all manner of creeping things. Bull was no beggar. I never begged, nor ever asked a lavor of any man since 1 came to England. Ask George Bancroft, whom I called upon two or three limes, it ever I asked the slightest favour, or eien presumed upon the letter you gave luetohim. I did write him a note, asking him to come and witness the the triumph of opening the bridge at the gardens, and delivered the note at his own house myself; and although Prince Albert came, I never even got a reply to my note. If Bancroft had come, and been the mutt to have only recognised me in my rags as I was, it would have saved me much subsequent; suffering. I will not believe that Bincrofl ever saw my note, for his de portment to me was ever kind. The succeeding three months after the first five I will not detail, up to the time I commenced to build the bridge. 1 will not harrow up my leelings to write, nor pain your kind heart to read the incidents of those ninety days. My hair turned grey, and I must have died but for the Jews, who did give rne one shilling down for my acknow ledgment for £10 on demand. These wicked robberies have amounted to several hundred pounds, every penny of which I have had to pay subsequently ; for since uiy success at Stafford, not a man who can read but knows my address. It cost in? £10 to obtain the ' shilling with which I paid my ad. 1 mitlance into the Royal Zoological 1 Gardens, where I succeeded, after much . mortification, in getting the ghost of a ! model made of the bridge. Every engi- ' neer of celebrity in London was called' in to decide whether il was practicable i to throw il across the lake. Four or' five of them, at the final decision, ' declared that the model before thein I was passing strange, but that it could not be carried to a much greater length than the length of the model. I was standing amongst men of the supposed greatest talents as civil engineers that the world could produce, and the point decided was against me. Tbis one time alone were my whole energies ever aroused. 1 never talked before — I was haggard and faint for want of food — my spirits sank in sorrow in view of my mournful prospects — clothes I had none — yet standing over this inodol did I battle with those men. Every word I uttered came Lotn my inmos: soul, and was big with truth — every argument carried conviction. The effect on those men was like magic — indeed they must have been devils not to have believed under the circumstances. I succeeded. My agreement with the proprietor was, lliaL I should superintend the construction of the bridge without any pay whatever, bnl during the time of the building I might sleep in the Gardens, and if the bridge should succeed, il should be called "Remington's Bridge." I lodged in an old lion's cage, not strong enough for a lion, but by put some straw on the floor, it held me very well, and indeed was a greater luxury than I had had for months. The car penters that worked on the bridge some times gave me part of their dinner. On this I lived, and was comparatively happy. It was a little novel, however, to see a man in rags directing gentle manly looking carpenters. The bridge triumphed, and the c ist was £8, and was the greatest hit ever made in 1 London. The money made by it is astonishingly great, thousands and tens of thousands crossing it, paying toll, besides the great attraction to the Gardens. Not a publication in London but what has written largely upon it. Although I never received a penny, nor ever will, for building the bridge, I have no fault to find with Mr. Tyler, the proprietor, for he has fully done what he promised — that was to call it " Remington's Bridge." The largest woodcut perhaps ever made in the world, is made of the bridge. Every letter of my name is nearly as large as myself. The bridge to this day is the prominent curiosity of the Guldens. Y011 can't open a paper but you may find " Remington's Bridge." Soon after it was built, I have frequently seen hundreds of men looking at the large piciure of the bridge at the corners of the streets, and envying Remington, when I have stood unknown in the crowd, literally starv ing. However, tile great success of the bridge, cave me some credit with a tailor. I got a suit of clothes and some shirts, a clean slrrt. Any shirt was great ; but a clean shirt, () God, what a luxury! Thousands of cards weie left for me at l' e Gardens, and men came 10 see the bridge from all parts of the kingdom. But, wiih all my due bills in the hands of lite hell-born Jew«, of course, I had to slope, and came down to Stafford. I first built the mill, which is the most popular pat, nt ever taken in England. The i-offe- -pot, and many other small patents, take exceedingly well. The drainage of 1'ixal DIeadows is the great est triumph I have had in England. The etrriage br.dge ILr Eatl Talbot is a must majestic antl wonderfully beautiful thing. Dukes niarquisses, earls, loids, &e;,, nnd th-ir latiieq are coming to see ii from all parts. I have now more orders for biidges for the aristocracy thtin I them. Indeed, I have been sn much among the arisiucracy of late, that, what with high living, being so sudden a tran sition from starving, I have been com pelled to go through a courso of medi cine, and am just now convalescent. Uf course, any thing, once built, precludes the possibility ol taking a patent in Eng land, but its merits and value are beyond calculation. A permanent, beautiful, and steady bridge may be thrown across n river, half a mile wide, out of the rea-li of floods, and, wtliout any thing t ucliing the water, at a most inconsiderable ex pense, The American patent is well secured, at home, I know. I shall con tinue to build a few more bridges of larger and larger spans, and one ol them a railroad bridge, in order that I may perfect myself in them so as to com mence fair when I reach America. I have a great many mure accounts of my exploit since I came to Stafford, but I must defer sending ihem until next time. 1 beg you wdl write to me, for now, since a correspondence is 0|.entdt 1 shall be able t" t< II yuu something about England. I know it well. I have dined with earls, and, from that, down — down — down to where the knives, forks, and plates, are chained to the table fur tear they should be stolen. 1 am, my dear sir, Your obedient servant. J. R. Reuinuton. 