PUBLIC AND PRIVATE ECONOMY. (From the Weekly Dispatch.) Self-preservation is the first law of nature. Interpret this aphorism familiarly, and what does it mean, but that the great end of life is beef and pudding ? N ith what ever circumbendibus we may round the period of the sentiment, it comes to this at last, that mutton and turnips are the basis of existence. When the Dean of St. Paul's heard the Irishman bawling, " Erin-go- bragh !" he re commended him to change the cry into " Erin-go-bread- and- cheese !" Provender is the pivot on which the social compact turns. Until that is adequately seen to there is no room for the consultation of higher considerations. As Paley (being only an Archdeacon) declared that he could not afford to keep a conscience, so, such is the sordid principle of sublunary affairs, mankind cannot be at the expense of indulging in fine sentiments, until they have first of all provided for the satisfaction of the cravings of the lowest appetites. Poetry, painting, sculpture, the elegancies of ornament and the amenities of' refined taste, the graces of manner, the agreeable blandishments of luxury, the charms of literature, and the thousand adorn ments of superfluous life, have their charms, and even their value. But, in the plague, or during a grinding and universal famine, what are they worth in comparison to some healing drug, or a barrel of flour ? See an lndiaman starting from her port, with luxurious cabins, fine lady and gentlemen passengers, consummate polite- «oss, excruciating etiquette, punctilious deference of ranks and martial discipline. But becalmed, the stores are all consumed, starvation stares them in the face, politeness sinks into brutality, etiquette into fierce selfish ness, subordination gives place to the law of the strongest, and the cook begins to think of stewing the captain for supper, or serving up the prettiest of the passengers as rashers on the coals for the crew. The iaws of nature forbid us to demand the enforcement of the higher senti ments, so long as the meanest wants stand unserved — and no man calls the crew murderers who put one of their number to death by lot, to save the rest from disso lution. Allegiance is a duty only where it is reciprocated by protection. Respect for property is but the counter part of the duty of property to cnerish those who respect it. Law allows the subject to seize the loaf which saves him from famishing ; the higher virtues of the citizen are only the sublimation of the easy recognition of the primary rights of humanity. We are too apt to forget these plain propositions in the management of public affairs. \\\ e lose the ends of government in providing the means. In short, we pay for the structure of our social poli y more than it is worth. What was it to the Saxon serfs, who received at the hands of their rulers not one of the equi valents for loyalty, whether Harold or William won Hastings? The beggar proverbially has no country. To the very poor it is nothing whether rebellion succeeds or fails, whether the invaded conquers or is driven back. Patriotism, glory, liberty, independence, civilization, even knowledge, have all their price, and are appreciable by s money value. None of them are final causes. They are but means to the end of the greatest happiness of the greatest number, and if they fail in the accomplish ment of this sola purpose of their being, they are not virtues but vices, because in truth the cultivation of the virtues is incompatible with the endurance of misery. Gold may be bought too dear. The pyramids, the great wall of China, Petersburgh, wonderful national achieve ments, what a history of rapacity, oppression, cruelty, and torture, do they tell ! The two hundred millions of hard-earned sovereigns, of which the population of Europe is annually drained to support its war establish ments, at what a cost of suffering and crime, and beggary, are they maintained ! Poor and content, is rich, and rich enough ; But riches fineless are as poor as winter To him who ever fears he shall be poor. We are so afraid of being robbed of our country, that we are beggared in securing ourselves against the risk. For forty-eight years there has not been the ghost of a whisper of invasion : but in that time we have spent six hundred millions in warding off the chimera. In the last ten years we have, in principal and interest, screwed out of the hard hands of our starving peasants two hundred millions to guard them from the nomination of the French. But if a horde of Cossacks, or a cloud of Mamelukes, had swept over Dorset or Wilts, or Lancashire or York shire, they would not have created one-tenth part of the misery of which the wasteful squandering of that vast treasure has been the cause — to say nothing of the certainty that our people would have annihilated the best army that ever followed the most splendid of human butchers. Is this island worth insuring against conquest at the rate of 18 millions per annum, and the additional loss of the productive powers of 200,000 men, which estimated at 10s. per week per man would yield £5,200,000 more? Let us admit that ambassadors, and plenipoten tiaries, charges d'affaires, consuls, foreign secretaries and their officers, couriers, geuerals, admirals, navies, dock yards and barracks, forts and castles, and Alexanders at thirteen pence a-day, keep order and the balance of power in Europe, and make us feared and respected. Still the question arises, is the object wcrrth the cost? Is not more misery caused by the expense, than prevented by the expending of the money ? The well-to-do, the men of property, the merchants who come so smug upon the mart," the Stock Exchange jobbers, Leadenhall and Lombard-streets, and the West-end, thrive, perhaps, by all this superfluous security. But ft this world was not made for Caesar" only — and millions starve that England may be a great military power, while all the time she is becoming weak by internal consumption, and an atrophy of her exchequer. We are not sure that even police and religion, are not bought too dear. Notwithstanding ! it all our constables and extension churches, vice and crime are increasing in a much more rapid ratio than either virtue or piety. Fifteen millions of local taxation, for purely governmental purposes, so impoverish the people as to defy morality, common honesty, or the sense of reli gion ; and the result is, that fewer of us go to Church, and mere of ,ys to the debtors' prison, the culprits' jail, and the paupers' workhouse, than of any people in the world. The cost, entirely overlays the profit. The ostensible object of law is to secure our lives, our liberty, our property, and to vindicate justice between man and man. if we were to make the utterly fallacious con cession, that it realizes any one. of these purposes, still it would be perfectly demonstrable, that to effect them, it compels the sacrifice of far more than these objects could attain. Judges, juries, jails, bridewells, penitentiaries,, hulks, police, Courts of Equity, of Privy Council, ot Exchequer, of Common Pleas, of Queen's Bench, of Admiralty, Ecclesiastical, Magisterial Recorders, Bank ruptcy, Insolvency, Quarter Sessions, and one knows not how many besides, with their thousands of clerks, and bailiffs, and jailers, doctors, Serjeants, queen's counsel, barristers, attorneys, solicitors, draftsmen, conveyancers — but the hair stands on end at the bare enumeration of them ; and if we attempt to reckon the tax they levy on the country in the name of the vindication of justice, we shall certainly find that the whole pecuniary value of ad the questions, rights, and interests, which pass through their hands in the course of any one year, falls far short of the enormous plunder of' which these accursed harpies deprive the honesty, industry, and unsuspecting simpli city of the country. He was a fool who felt he had reached the confines of civilization when he found a gibbet and a jail. These are but the symptoms ol a more cunning barbarism. W hen true civilization prevails the scaffold will rot, and the ju:I will be tenantless. We concede what can never be demonstrated, when we assume that law, with all this enormous cost, promotes substan tially the ends of justice. That thick red book, called the " Law List" — what a huge and monstrous monument of specious roguery, and. respectable rascality does it present! What are. the names but those of so many human spiders weaving traps lor the unconscious ? What are their offices but the designations of the webs they net? What are clients but poor buzzing flies entangled in meshes, the prey ol' tiie lurking weaver, who crawls forth when escape is hopeless, to carry off the carcase of the innocent? Paul, one of the children of light, was as wise in Ins generation as the children of this world, when he asked 44 "A by go to law with each other ? Why not rather suffer yourselves to be defrauded ?" What is really the difference between a nonsuit and (he recovery of a verdict, but that wnieh exists between gaining a loss and losing a gain 1 1 fa man seeks £ 1 00 from his debtor, but makes his demand untechnically, or in an unscientific form, what amount of judicial purity, or logical pre cision, will compensate for his being found liable in £150 costs to tiie fraudulent defendant, as much more to his own attorney, and for his being told that he must ask for justice in another form ? We overlay right a«d truth with intricate and purely artificial methods of getting at them — ws forget that justice is but a means to the end of securing property and the subject's rights ; and that if these are rendered more uncertain, precarious and expensive in the vindication than the advantage to be gained is worth, there is no amount of judicial cor ruption and denial of justice which is not mercifully preferential to the purest administration, and the most vigorous enforcement of the law. Talk of the Army, the Navy, the civil establishments of the country ! There is more distress, gv.eaier mortality, more lavish expense, more extravagant waste in the settlement of the lights of the subjects of this realm by our system of jurisprudence, and there is besides a more entire and futile failure in the attainment of the ostensible object proposed by our legal arrangements, than in all our other establishments put together. In England, Scotland, Ireland, and our Colonies, the law lists show that upwards of 50,000 persons are directly functionaries of the law as Judges, Counsel, Attorneys, Clerks of Court, and in other ca pacities. At the moderate computation of £500 a-year each, ihey levy an annual tax on the community of at least £25,000,000, and in our sincere conviction more effectually frustrate every end of substantial justice, than Judge Lynch does without cost, or than all the thieves and pickpockets in Europe. Mr. Cobden has but begun his work, when he nibbles at such small deer as a surplusage of Admirals or Tailor Colonels. Suits are made without tailors by attorneys, which clothe instru ments infinitely more murderous than any that lurk under a red coat or a blue jacket. The Peace Society forgets the rncst important of its functions, when it merely bombards the Foreign-office, and forgets the frightful wars carried on daily in Westminster Hall. For the power of dealing death, for the faculty of de stroying property and life, we will back the Court of Chancery against the battle of Waterloo and Trafalgar to boot ; and for the massacre of the innocent, and the dissipation of the nation's wealth, we hold our Law Courts to be more effective than all the wars of Europe. They suck the blood of families to the very last drop— they gnaw the heait out of the best, the bravest, the honestest. The perjured, the cunning, the false, the malicious, rim for shelter to them — the innocent and truthful are dragged into them as sheep among wolves. Financial Reform has but for its object the saving of the pockets of the people from the harpies of corruption. . Yet what ruthless instrument of public plunder is half so costly or so worthless as tld Father Antic, the Law, who sits grinning on the Justice-seat, under his horse hair pant-house, caricaturing truth and right, as monkeys do humanity. Let us not, meanwhile, forget that private economy is as loudly called for as public retrenchment. The scale of individual expenditure is universally beyond our legitimate means, The great increased cheapness of nearly all commodities which the progress of improve ment has superinduced, has only led us to be more wasteful and more luxurious. Our scale of living is bo high, that we have to intensify our competition with each other, in order to meet our enlarged expenditure. Even the servant-girl, whose clothing costs now only half what it did 30 years ago, uses her advantage only in wearing two gowns where oue sufficed belore ; and so, in place of saving up, getting married, and being taken out of the domestic service market (whereby, the supply being withdrawn, an increased demand would raise wages), she continues a servant all her life, aggravates the com petition for employment, and keeps down the price of labour. So it is in every other department. Our notions of a fine style of living have so greatly enlarged with our progressive advantages, that an artificial and purely conventional exterior, for the purpose of keeping up appearances, renders it impracticable for us to carry on our system with moderate means. We all spend more largely, and must earn more largely, which can only be done by competing with each other, and keeping our hold of business, to the prejudice of the rising generation, long after we should, by frugality and saving, have accu mulated enough to retire in humble comfort, to make room for those who arc to follow us. The effect of all this has been to annihilate small traders of all kinds, to destroy intermediary commercial classes, and to divide society into only two classes, the large capitalists and their dependants. Large farms swallow up the small farmers — monster factories crush out of existence all the small manufacturers — immense warehouses and wholesale shops extinguish the humble tradesmen and middle dealers, and, assisted by the railways and steam-boats, the vast capitalists of London push their goods into the remotest provinces, leaving country places with scarcely any population or trade, except such as are barely neces sary for the cnltivation of the soil, and the supply of the wants of the cultivators. The fact, -proved by the London Committee on the Bankrupt and Insolvent Laws, that £50,000,000 of bad debts are made in Great Britain every year, is indeed demonstrative of the truth of our proposition, that it is not in our public expenditure alone that retrenchment is demanded; that if we live more expensively, we must do a larger business to sustain the cost ; and that we can only materially extend our trade by crushing each other out of the field, the stronger and richer kicking down the rest of their equals to the class below them. It is of no use that we save money in taxes, if the only effect be to spend the difference on our own increasing luxury ; for it is pretty clear that for tbe country at large it is just as great a loss that we should waste its substance on ourselves as on soldiers, sailors, and pensioners, What is wanted is surplus means, and a safe margin of accumulation, proper I// distributed , over our outgoings ; and we apprehend that this is peculiarly the time when we should call upon the people, when they have the near prospect of being relieved of £10,000,000 of taxes, to save that amount for their families, and not to spend it on themselves. 