TOWN COUNCIL. Thursday, March 1st DISCUSSION IN THE SITE FOR THE TOWN HALL. Councillor Nicholson moved pursuant to notice—" That the following resolution passed at the Quarterly Meeting of the Council on the 9th February, 1849, be now rescinded, viz.—That application be made to his Excellency the Governor through the usual channel for a grant of the land recommended by the Public Works' Committee as a site for a Town Hall." Councillor Nicholson observed there could be very little doubt the Town Hall should be in a convenient and central business situation, and the site in Swan- ston and Collins-streets appeared to him the best in both respects. The town was not extending towards Collingwood only ; the Government House, and Botanic Gardens were attractions in another diirction, and the sale of allotments at South Melbourne would give the town a great cast towards that locality. Business would naturally follow the shipping; mills, manufactories, and mercantile esta- blishments would always be found near the river, and such being the case, the corner site in Collins-street would be far more convenient than the spot selected on the eastern Hill. An argument brought forward in favour of the latter was its adaptation for an ornamental building, but surely such a reason ought not for a moment to be contrasted with public con- venience. Look at the unnecessary incon- venience imposed on the working classes, for instance carters and draymen who would have to trudge up the hill for their licenses. The only substantial argument was the prospect of getting fifteen acres of land, but if they were governed by the principle that the more land the better, the site, they should go to Richmond for fifty acres, or to Merri Creek for a hundred. The convenience of the public was not to be sold in this manner. An important consideration was the difficulty even under existing circumstances of getting the inhabitants to attend public meetings, and if they were asked to go out to Collingwood, they should never have an attendance of the labouring class. He attached more consequence to their co-operation than to that of the rich, and would rather see 100 of that class at a meeting, than 1000 of the other. He had been taking it for granted that the Corporation would get the fifteen acres at Collingwood, but arguing from precedents he thought it very doubtful. On the con- trary, they were warranted in assuming that the probability was the application would be complied with as to the site, but the reply would be, that the Government thought five acres quite sufficient for a Town Hall. Councillor Bowler in seconding the motion, denied that the town was spread- ing so rapidly towards Collingwood. In Gipps Ward, he could undertake to say, that with the exception of two butchers shops, no dwelling had been erected above the character of a working man's cottage during the last two years excepting public houses, and it was to accommodate this particular locality that it was sought to inconvenience the whole public. Mem- bers of that Council he supposed were expected at all hours to neglect their business, or leave affairs to be settled by a particular clique. Why should they be compelled in the business part of the day to go out to Collingwood ? They would only get three or four to attend the meetings, and that was the way business was done at present in Committees. Three or four persons made up reports and brought them to that table ; three or four were banded together; they met and con- cocted reports. [The Councillor who was much excited finished the sentence, but we did not catch the conclusion.] Alderman Kerr said the imputations were most false and unwarranted. Councillor Bowler had made no impu- tations ; but he would say this, if the cap fitted let him wear it. The convenience of members ought to be consulted, and they should not be tasked with the neces- sity of going to Collingwood, whenever they could scramble a few minutes to at- tend to their duties in Council—a place only inhabited by labourers, and away from the residence and places of business of those who were likely to be members of that Council. Councillor Annand opposed the motion being satisfied after due consideration of the superiority of the Eastern Hill site. The object alone of obtaining fifteen acres for public purposes outweighed any little consideration as to distance. He begged to express his high indignation and scorn at the insinuations the member on his right hand (Councillor Bowler) had so unwarrantably and ridiculously thrown out. He denied that there was any private or party feeling in any Committee in which he had ever been engaged, and although the proposal to have the Town Hall at the top of Bourke-street did not originate with him, he was satis- fied the proposers were above the petty feeling Councillor Bowler had the temerity to insinuate had influenced them. Councillor Macnamara also opposed the motion. When Sir Richard Bourke laid out the Town of Melbourne, he said let it extend towards the Falls, and it was now spreading rapidly in that direction which was its natural course. Councillor Bowler had said there were only working men at Collingwood, but he could tell them the working men were the pride of Gipps Ward. They were the men who should be considered, and may be Coun- cillor Bowler would one day be wanting their assistance. He considered if they got the 15 acres the ground would be adapted for many public puposes ; they might have a fine crescent there in course of time, and when they had a regiment why there would be room for a good field day, for 1,000 men might be exercised there. They could have no crescent and no review at the corner of Collins-street. He said let them all go out of town ; the town itself was going that way (laughter.) They weie all at home in Collins-street; let them extend the city towards the Falls. Councillor Stephen having given a vote on a previous occasion in favour of the Swanston-st. site, desired toexplain why he intended to vote against the motion. At that time the present site was not offered, and he voted for what he considered the most eligible of those pointed out. He was of opinion not one person of fifty out of doors had given the matter proper consideration, or were aware of the precise spot proposed. They did not know it was only just at the termination of Bourke-street, but supposed it was at the extreme of Collingwood, and this accounted for the popular outcry, or rather the outcry of the papers. But he did not take the papers as evidence of public opinion ; editors expressed their own opinions and presumed they were the opinions of theirconstituents The argu- ment of the mover as to the vicinity of foundries, mills, factories, &c.;, he thought decidedly told against the Collins-street site, for they experienced alieady the nuisance of the proximity to melting and soap boiling establishments, and if such manufactures were to be car- ried on in the town he thought the further they removed from them the better. The 15 acres site would be hereafter of value to the Council. In London the ground surrounding the Town Hall yielded £180,000 a year. In course of years the sub-letting of a portion of the 15 acres might bring in 40 or £50,000 to the Cor- poration of Melbourne, and thus relieve the burgesses of a portion of existing bur- thens. The town was still in iits infancy, and might extend to St. Kilda in one direction and Dight's Mills in the other. They should not only have four wards, but twenty or thirty, each sendingrepre- sentatives. Fifty years hence the corner of Collins and Swanston streets would be far from the centre of the town, and they had a right to consider posterity in the matter. There was not one point on which he could give the preference to Collins- street. Councillor Moor briefly replied to Councillor Stephen. The speaker lived nearer the foundries and never experienced the slightest annoyance from them. Then as to the future value of the 15 acres, he could not understand the argument. The grant would be for a Town Hall, and to that purpose only could the land be de- voted. Where was the £50,000 a year to come from. If they alienated the land by converting it to other uses than those specified it would fall to the Crown. A consideration in favour of Collins-street site was its propinquity to the new Police Office, where the presence of the Mayor was constantly required. In all the places he could call to mind the Town Halls were centrally situated. A build- ing at Collingwood would not be a Town Hall, but as a friend described it " an out of town Hall." He did not anticipate there would have been any difference of opinion on the subject. Alderman Kerr had no inconsistency in any shape, manner or form to excuse himself for on this subject. From the first he had opposed the Swanston-street site, and his opinion had not changed. He was of the same opinion now as he expressed then, that in course of time the buildings would follow the navigation, and that consequently a site on the Western Hill would be the most eligible. He was of that opinion still. Unfortu- nately however he was in a minority ; the members did not agree with him, and being unable to carry his views he was left to choose between two evils—the Bourke-street or Swanston-street site. He therefore supported the proposition of the public works committee in favour of the Eastern Hill. He admitted the corner of Swanston and Collins-streets, was more centrical in reference to the present busi- ness and population of Melbourne, but were they to confine themselves merely to the present aspect of affairs? Were they to look no further than the length of their noses ? To reflect not upon what the city may be, but simply what it is? Viewed with regard to the future, he de- nied altogether that Collins- street would be anything like so central as the other site. On the contrary before another century has revolved, instead of that loca- lity being central, it would be miles from the centre of the city, which was daily in- creasing towards the Eastern Hill, where his Honor the Superintendent was suc- cessfully dragging it towards his own private property. It had been objected that at Collingwood there were only poor people and public houses. Were not such to be considered by the Council ? Had they no rights at that table ? Were they to legislate for a class only ? It had been observed that the business of the Council was left to the hands of a few who were banded together to carry out their own objects. He replied that this proved one of two things, either that the members who complained did not attend to their duties, or if they did, they found their judgment not held in such esteem as to render it a matter of any importance whether they were present or absent. He would ask whether in a densely populated town like Melbourne, with its crowded lanes and hovels, where if a pestilence broke out one half the inhabitants would be swept away —it was not extremely desirable to secure open spaces to improve the sanatory con- dition of the place. It was a fact that in the original plan of Melbourne, there was not a single square or open space reserved for public purposes, and the consequences were already perceptible ; these evils had been increased ten thousand fold by the chandler shop, piddling way in which the price of land in the city had been kept up by the government. It was most desira- ble that in a city situated like Melbourne, as many open spaces as possible should be reserved. It had been said the fifteen acres would only be available for build- ing a hall, but they ought to recollect that they should not always be under the baneful influence of Mr. La Trobe's re- presentations and an alien legislature. They might expect to have a legislature of their own, when the advantages referred to by Councillor Stephen would be re- alised. He did not consider that the centre of business was the principle to be considered so much as the centre of population. He should be sorry to see the building which ought to be an orna- ment converted into an obstruction to business. The inconvenience of members had been much dwelt upon. Was there one amongst them who returned to his counting house after the hour at which the council business was generally con- cluded? It was of more consequence to be in the proximity of their habitations. If not disposed to attend they ought not to undertake the duty. It was hardly worth while referring to the silly state- ments that had been made respecting his personal interest in this question. It was quite true he at present resided near the proposed locality, but he occupied the premises under a lease which was within a few weeks of its expiration, and he should certainly remove to another quar- ter if he could procure a suitable place. Councillor M'Combie had three times declared his opinion in favour of the Collins-street site. It was remarkable that all who supported the Collingwood proposal belonged to Gipps Ward. He regretted to hear Councillor M'Namara abuse one of the members for stating that only poor people lived at Collingwood. The Mayor with an expression of asto- nishment which was reflected in every face, said he had not heard any abuse or he should certainly have called the mem- ber to order. Amidst general laughter Councillor M'Combie said he certainly understood some abuse had been levelled at Councillor Bowler. Councillor M'Na- mara was in favour of Collingwood, be- cause there was room for a crescent ; the speaker was in favour of the cross at the corner of Swanston and Collins-streets ; the centre of business as proved by the circumstance of the Mayor having called a meeting there for next Tuesday ; it was also in the neighbourhood of the bridge and in a line from the wharf. The resi- dents at Collingwood were working men who only went there to sleep. They would have no opportunity of attending meetings held there in the day time. The argument of getting a revenue from the 15 acres was an error ; the market committee found that out two years ago. They might let the grass on the land, but that would not yield £50,000 a year. In 100 years he believed the business of Mel- bourne would be in the same locality ; he thought the town was extending more towards the flag staff and gaol, than any other direction ; certainly not towards Collingwood. Alderman Greeves could not concur with Councillor M'Namara in praising Sir Richard Bourke for the judgment with which the town was laid out. Never was a noble opportunity so lost. Councillor Stephen had spoken of 50 years hence, and by way, he imagined of re- ducing the argument " ad absurdum," proposed going out to Dight's mill. Now however liberal and desirable it might be to consult posterity, he thought this was a question upon which they should yield as little to utilitarianism ; he had a great liking for posterity, but surely they might fairly look a littie to themselves. He quite concurred with Councillor Bowler as to the nature of the buildings at Col- lingwood ; his observations on that sub- ject had been misconstrued, and rather too harshly treated by some of the speakers. He did not say that the working class was unworthy of consideration, but merely stated the fact that they resided at Collingwood, at a distance from the place where they were occupied during the day in their business, and consequently that it would be no convenience to them to have the hall there. Councillor M'Na- mara said " they were all at home in Collins-street." He replied let them stop at home. Councillor Slephen in referring to London had forgotten that the locality he spoke of, however much improved and built over, was still the centre of London. In Sydney every effort was made to obtain the most cen- tral spot, but the government could not grant it; and the council accepted the next best it could get. He could not congratulate Alderman Kerr on the con- sistency he laid claim to. In the first instance he advocated the extreme West, and because he could not get that he now contended for the extreme East. It had been said Mr. La Trobe was strenuously exerting himself to draw the town in the Collingwood direction ; if it was ne- cessary that his influence should be counteracted in other matters let it be so in this. Alderman Greeves continued in support of the Collins-street site, reiterat- ing the arguments of previous speakers and appealing to the Burgess roll as evi- dence of the central situation of that site. Aldeiman Johnston in a humorous ad- dress supported the Collins-street site.— He regretted the observations of Coun- cillor Bowler, and observed that the idea of party connivance for personal objects, was a ghost that seemed to haunt many people. They had heard about Alderman Kerr and his ready tail, but in this in- stance he found amongst " the tail," his Worship the Mayor, Councillors Camp- bell, Stephen, M'Namara, and others, (laughter.) The last mentioned Coun- cillor had represented what a beautiful opportunity there would be for a field day up the hill; now although the council might be an awkward squad, he for one objected to such drilling as that. Business first and pleasure afterwards was his maxim. He would not be so hard on Councillor Stephen as Councillor M'Combie had been, when he said " he could see no sense at all in his observa- tions," but it did appear to him (the speaker) that his anticipations were greatly overrated. One very unfortunate observation fell from Cr. Stephen , that no body knew where the Collingwood site was; in fact it was such an outlandish place that nobody could find it (laughter.) Alderman Kerr had set up a claim to con- sistency which appeared to be of this character ; he was wrong in the beginning, was wrong now, and always would be wrong. When he could not get the Eastern site, like a petted child he flew to the extreme West. But if as he said he had to choose between two evils, why didn't he stop half way at Collins-street? (laugh- ter.) The only way the speaker could account for the worthy Alderman's con- duct was, his extreme love of Episcopacy ; he first tried to set himself down at St. James' Church, and when he could not succeed in that, he determined to stick by St Peter's (renewed laughter.) As Cr. M'Combie had spoken on their side it would not do to say too much about him (laughter.) He had remarked that peo- ple only went out to Collingwood to sleep; it would never do for the Council to go there then. (Cr. M'Combie rose and made some observations which were lost amidst ge- neral laughter.) If the 15 acres were the only induce- ment for selecting such a site they might go to the Moonee Ponds for 100 acres, and in his opinion would have as much chance of getting them. He left the matter with every confidence to the common sense of the Council. Councillor Nicholson replied and the Council divided as follows: - FOR Ald. G reeves, \- Johnston, Crs. Bowler, \- Moor, \- M'Combie, \- Murray, \- Nicholson, \- Rankin, \- Russell. AGAINST The Mayor, Ald. Kerr, Crs. Annand, \- Campbell, \- Clarke, \- M'Namara, \- Stephen, 