BRITISH GLEANINGS. Mr Flood, a magistrate of Chelsea, has presented to the church trustees of St. Luke a deed of gift for £2500, the dividends on whieh are to be distributed to the deserving poor of the parish on the 14th January ' for ever.' A lad in the village of Rufford, near Ormskirk, hav ing missed a number of duck eggs, and, thinking they might have been taken by a dog, placed a rat-trap in the nest. Earl) next rooming, the family were alarmed by a cry as of some persons in distress, and, on proceeding to the duck-cote, found a lad caught by the finger in the trap, and as he had put his hand through ?a hole only large enough to admit one hand at a time, it was impossible for him to release himself. We have been informed that James Brown, Esq., of Harchills, a highly re*-pected Leeds merchant, who is about to retire from business, called a number of his old and faithful servants together a few days ago, and conferred a pension of /s. per week on each for life. — Patriot. Among the prisoners tried at Salisbury was one Mary Ann Young, who pleaded 'Guilty' to an indictment, charging her with having stolen four 2 lb. loaves, the properly of Harriett Brown, a shopkeeper. The learned Judge sentenced her to be imprisoned with hard labour for one month. The prisoner stooped down, took off her Ehoe, and then said 'Thank you, my lord, take that ;' aud threw her shoe at the learned Judge's head. It, however, fell short of the bench, ?.nd did no mischief. At the Warwick Petty Sessions, an old man named Draper, residing at Cubbington, near Leamington, was charged with assaulting his son- in-law, an agricultural labourer, living at Warwick. It appeared that two of the daughters of the defendant had for some time been subject to convulsive fits, and, when labouring under their distressing affliction, they were in the habit of ex claiming that the complainant and his wife (their own lister) were cutting oti their limbs, boiling them in a cauldron, and making other equally ridiculous asser tions. They declared they were ' witchcrafted,' as they termed it, by their brother-in-law. The father of Lhe girls also believed that his children were ' be witched,' and, with his prayer-book in his pocket, he went to the house of the complainant, and on his re fusal to visit the girls, Draper severely beat his sonin law and daughter with a stick; believing, as he said, that if he once drew blood from the ' wizard,' his chil dren would be released from the spell by which they were bound. The old man said that the complainant had tried to strike him with a billhook, but the uplifted arm was totally powerless owing to his carrying a prayer-book in his pocket. Defendant was fined Is. and 15s. costs. He said he was unable to pay, but was allowed a week to provide the money. A schoolmaster seems to be wanted in Warwickshire. At the Liverpool Police Office, in April last, a rough fellow, named John Astle, was charged by Elizabeth Napier with an assault, by having violently struck her. Mr Rushton, to the prisoner : ' What have you to say?' Prisoner: '1 have to say that she was ill-using her tongue, and I jumped up and struck her like a man. 'We have been living together as man and wife, and Bhe's a bad one.' Mr Rushton : ' Then you think to act like a man is to strike a woman ? You must pay £5, or in default be imprisoned two months ; you must further find bail, yourself in £20 and two sureties at £10 each, or be further imprisoned for four months.' Prisoner : ?? Thank you. She may get a bag for her bones, for I'll murder her.' Mr Rushton : ' Bring him back. Now you have threatened to take away her life, I order you to be imprisoned for six months ; and further I will order articles of peace to be exhibited against you, and you shall be imprisoned for twelve months.' In future, regiments are to be stationed in each place two years instead of one. By this plan a saving of £ 1 00,000 a-year will be effected in the three kingdoms. The money annually expended in the preparation for war would make ten thousand miles of railway a year, at a cost of £20,000 per mile. Estimate of the sums expended annually in England and Wales for artificial light : — Gas consumed in London, £54G,000; in cities and country towns, £5,400,000; oil in lamns, £1,350,000; tallow, and stearine candle, £210,000; camphine and other lamps, £80,000. Total, £11,336,000. This shows the prime cost only of the several materials, and not the price paid by consumers. A gang of seven persons were committed for trial, two of them for robbing a gentleman of a gold watch of £44 ; the others for having re-stolen the watch from the thieves. — Liverpool Albion. The Western Times shows that the Bishop of Exeter has had excellent luck in his sons-in-law, ' his daughters marrying young divines of such extraordinary deserts that they very soon became entitled to good preferments.' The number of paupers in the United Kingdom is about 4,000,000, or a seventh of the aggregate popula tion ; the proportions being in England 1,500,000; in Scotland, 200,000; and in Ireland, 2,300,000. Since 1816, the people of the United Kingdom are said to have paid two hundred millions sterling for the relief of their poor. Since the abolition of tho ad valorem and all other export duties on British coals, the exportation has won derfully increased. The declared value of the exports | of coal, during the year 1848, was £1,096,356, being an increase of more than thirteen per cent, upon the large exports of 1847. We observe, in the columns of a Devonshire contem porary, an advertisement signed by the Cleik to the Kingsbridge Union Board of Guardians, inviting ap plications from duly qualified medical men for the at tendance on, and medicicine for the poor in two parishes of the Union. The yearly sum offered for the parish of Stokefleming is eight guineas ! and for the parish of Modbury £16! Among the extras, we find I5s. per case for midwilery, and Is. 6d. per ' successful case' for vaccination ! Dr. J. Cookworthy, M.D., Senior Physician at the Plymouth Public Dispensary, lately communicated, in a periodical report, the following facts : — 11 One remarkable instance has occurred which shows the importance of good drainage. A large house in the centre of the town, once the residence of k superior class of per sons, had for Beveral months been the abode of fever of a very low type, retiring the use of win,e in its earliest stage. In one room alone, eight persons had suffered from it, and the father whose labour supported this larg« family had died after an illness of seven days. On the drain being in spected, it was found to be completely obstructed, that the effluvia from its disgusting contents polluted the atmos phere, whilst the more fluid portions leaked away beneath the foundations of the dwelling! No sooner was this nuisance abated than the health of the inmates improved, and only two— who had probably imbibed the poison before — have aince suffered. One of these, the eldest dauzhter, who had nursed the different members of her afflicted family, is still in great danger ' We learn from the Hants Independent that Mr Joseph White, the eminent shipbuilder, had lately received from the Emperor of Russia a superb gold snuff-bux, covered with brilliants, of the value of one thousand guineas, with an inscription thereon, recording it to be a present from the Emperor to Mr White for services ren dered to the Imperial Government. Mr White had fur nished some drawings for ships for the Russian navy, which were highly appreciated by the Emperor, and it was said Mr White would soon be honoured with the orders of the Emperor to build in his (Mr White's) own ship- yard a first-cla6S ship for the Russian navy. The East India Company lately deposited for a short time at the gardens of the Zoological Soeiety, in the Regent's Park, a flock of Thibetian »heep and Iambi, from tho mountain district of Ladak, and which had' been imported with the view of introducing this fine woolled variety iu the highland counties of Scotland and Wales. Moorcroft, who first noticed these sheep and their beautiful fleeces, give3 also a favourable ac count of the quality of their flesh. It was confidently expected tho intended experiments would be successful, and tho animals had excited the greatest interest among farmers aud breeders. The Suttderla?id Herald states that, among the va rious plans adopted in that neighbourhood to enable parties to emigrate to America, is one of a novel cha racter — that of several hundred persons joining in a sweep ot Is each, the drawer of the prize-ticket to take the wholo of the money. The London correspondent of the Liverpool Albion states that the Brownlow family extend to three times the length of tho O'Oonnell tail when it was at its fullest stretch. The late Earl had three wives, and three large families, almost every member of whom has also had numerous offspring, extending, in the three ge nerations, to not far short of 200. The Bridgewater estates in Herts, Bucks, and Beds, producing about £40,000 per annum, by tho demise of the late venerable Countess, pass to strangers in blood, without paying one penny probate or legacy duty.— Douglas JerroWs Newspaper. A furious warfare has sprung up between Gilfillan and Charles Dickens. The latter had declined, in somewhat disparaging terms, to subscribe for a monu ment to Cowpor, which provoked the other to tomahawk and scalp him iu this ferocious manner : — ' The 'Task' will outlive the 'Haunted Man.' Dickens is but a ? Cricket ou the Hearth.' Cowper was an eagle of God ; and his memorv shall bo cherished, and his poems read, after tho '^Pickwick Papers' are forgot ten.' One of tho daughters of the Postmaster at Carmar then is now in gaol awaiting her trial for stealing mo ney letters. It is now stated that about £200 in bank, notes were found in the possession of the prisoner ; and other property — such as purses, jewellery, aud other fancy articles — amounting in the aggregate, including the cash, to about £600. R. Wake, Esq., in pursuing his favourite sport upon the Exe of wild duck shooting, fired into a flock of teal, feeding on Greenland Banks, and killed tho extraordi nary number of forty-nine birds. It is stated that tho New River Company have agreed to furnish water to the «-hole of tho courts and alloys in the City of London twice a day, gratis, for sanitary purposes. The Oxford Chronicle mentions as a fact, ' the pur chase of the Tablet by a Protestant speculator in newspaper concerns.' A liendal paper relates a marvellous tale of a pro ligious leap taken by a hare, which some labourers law running about on the -warm limo at tho bottom of i limekiln at Broughtou. One of the men descended nto the kiln with the view of securing the hare, which mmediately sprang to tho top, a height of seventeen eet four inches, and thus effected its escape from its istounded pursuer. The Cheltenham Waterworks Company have been jxtending their works at Hewlett's, by building an )pen reservoir, or basin, of a superficial area of three lcres, and of an average depth of 21 feet, capable of :ontaining 12,000,000 gallons. It is lined throughout ivith brickwork. A communication is formed with tho former covered reservoir, and attached to the communi :ation pipe is a filter of a novel construction through which all the water will pass ; by these means tho transparency, purity, and cooluess of tho water will be ensured. The bricks were made on the ground ; nearly 2,000,000 have been used. Tho site of the work inclines, and the reservoir stands considerably above the natural surface ; nevertheless, some 56,000 cubo yards of earth have been excavated and removed. Tho jompany have enclosed their works with a brick wall i-{ considerable extent ; a handsome entrance and iron Gjates (to bo hereafter fixed) giving admission thereto. The works have been designed by and executed under the superintendence of Mr Henry Dangorfield, of Chel tenham, upon whom the result reflects the highest credit. D. - W. Smith was tho clerk of the works. The brick work was done by Messrs Kent aud T. Thompson, the bricks having been mado by Mr P. Thackwell, who performed the excavating. The committee have with generous liberality given to each of the men employed (about 1G0) a Christmas gift of 2s Gd. The following ' speculative lot' was put up to auction at Mr Marsh's salerooms recently : — The important and valuable reversion in and to a moiety of £12,000 Con sols, receivable on the decease of a lady now aged 67# provided she shall have no more children ; tho youngest child is 19 years of age, tho husband is still living and is now aged 59 years.' Tho lot sold for £2,180. A Spanish giant, Senor Joaquin Elezequi, 2-3 year* of age, 7ft. 10 inches high, and 4501bs weight Spauish, has beeu exhibited at Cheltenham. It is only by actual inspection that the mind can fully realise tho height of the extraordinary men whom at various times nature produces. Without placing any faith in tho Cretan records (for ' the Cretans are always liars') of the dis covery of the carcase of a man thirty-three cubits in length, or near forty-two feet, we have authentic evidence in modern history of tho existence of several men up wards of seven feet in height. 'Walter Parsons, porter to King James I., was 7ft. 4 inches high. It is related of this Parsons that he was at first apprenticed to a- smith, but he grew so tall that a hole was made for him in the ground, so as to reduce him to a level with his follow- workmen. A Dutch giant, 7ft. 7 inches high, was exhibited in London in 1581. This Spanish giant sur passes him in height by three inches. Among a nation of such men as these, most of us would look as insig nificant as Gulliver among the Inhabitants of Brobdig nag. A few days sinco a hen, belonging to an inhabitant of Milnthorpe, Westmoreland, laid an egg measuring 7$ inches in circumference lengthways, and G$ inches round the middle, and weighing 3} ounces. In the house at Hamgreen belonging to Philip Miles, Esq. (formerly to the Brights), is an apartment which has long had the reputation of being haunted, noises, &c;, proceeding, as alledged, therefrom. It has been hitherto locked, and on Mr Miles lately taking posses sion the door was forced, and on exploring a secret recess in one corner, the ghost or ghosts (for there were two) appeared in the shape of two old boxes, which, on being touched, fell to pieces, and there emerged to the light two massive pieces of plate, viz., a solid silver can delabrum and a salver of the same metal. Nobody, knows anything about them, not even Mr Robert Bright, to whom they were sent, and we suppose that the valuable and glittering apparitions will fall to the share of Mr Miles. ' ' It is a common practice among many of the lovrer orders in this country, to endeavour to have the first sight of the new moon outside the house — that is, not through a window. We know of a lady, however, one of the intellectual 60,000 of our own city, who makes it her regular custom to await the appearance of the new moon in the open air at all seasons of the year, and when she beholds the object of her desire, she curtsies to it eleven times, and then turns the contents of her pockets, money and all. She goes throngh this form with the hope that presents and all kinds of luck may come during the next month. 'Wo cannot find it in our hearts to grudge her this little money pastime, for tho act does not, Tike many others, affect anyone but herself, and there is no cruelty to render it mischievous, like the instances lately given by our Wells correspondent— Bath Journal. Five hundred and fifty ladies of Truro have presented Mr Humphrey Willyams with an address, congratu lating him on his election for that borongh. It was presented by a deputation of ten gentlemen, at his resi dence, at Mount Charles, Truro. The name3 of the ladies are attached to the address, the whole being printed in scarlet letters on white oatin, with crimson trimmings, and mounted on rosewood rollers ; on the top are the Cornish Arms gilded on a white ground. 