COURTS OF REQUESTS. To The Editor of the People's Advocate . Sir,— I have to solicit a column in your widely circulated Journal, upon a subject of vital importance to the public, namely, the impo sitions of Agents upon parties sued in Courts of Requests. I have during along residence in this colony directed my at- tention to thoseiahot- beds of perjury— Courts of Requests, But for the last two or three years the knavery of some of its agents has surpassed all belief. The amount of perjury by both parties in the same cause has been more than sufficient to puzzle a " Philadelphia lawyer," and it has oftentimes surprised me to witness the patience of the learned Commissioner in adjudicating such knotty cases. Difficult however as it is, he has very seldom failed to hit the right nail on the head. There is nevertheless one circumstance which may have escaped his vigilance, and if not, he has perhaps found it a difficult matter to check or utterly put a stop to, and that is the manner of proving debts by agents upon mere admissions, often times exacted perhaps by the most objectionable means upon igno rant or unwary persons ; and if I should succeed in putting the public upon its guard of the quirks and chicaneries of those disho nest minions, 1 shall feel myself amply compensated. In making these observations, I beg to be understood that I do not mean to impute corruption to any of the ministers of these Courts, or insinuate that all persons who act as agents are men of infamous or dishonest character ; but on the contrary, am quite ready to admit that many are to be found perfectly just and ho norable. Neither would I hold out that such men are not of infinite utility to shopkeepers and men of trade, in the collection and re covery of their long- outstanding debts. But it cannot be denied that a system of fraud has crept into wholesale practice, by the dishonesty of certain persons in buying up book-debts, no matter whether real or fabricated ; by ruinous exactions of large premiums for the indulgence of time for payment ; and lastly, by trumping vp cases and obtaining judgment upon alleged admissions, where in fact no such admissions have ever been made at ail. The public is, perhaps, aware that such things are as purchasers of book debts, and these frequently fail into the hands of certain persons at a tithe of their actual amount. In many instances, these books contain not only a great number of made up debts, but accounts long before settled, but not marked off as paid. In pre paring for a journey through the Insolvent Court, a schedule. .of book debts is fabricated by dishonest debtors, whilst in other cases a list of bad debts are sold by small tradesmen about to make their escape from the colony, to agents without any means whatever of proving that such are really due. These trilling objections are, however, got rid of by evidence of admission , and we have fre quently witnessed the extreme solicitude of these agents, .and their clerks to strain verdicts upon such evidence, where in many, in stances the supposed plaintiffs have actually quitted the colony without even satisfying a shilling of their just debts. To obtain these admissions from ignorant or unwary persons is, perhaps, the most easy matter imaginable. For instance, a collector calls for a debt due to Mr. So and So, and with all the apparent kindness of a friend does not wish to press for immediate payment, but will call again in a week or two to arrange about payment. These poor ignorant devils, in the fulness of heart for such unheard of goodness, make for answer that they will try what can be done against he calls again. But upon the next visit of the kind collec tor, they discover too late that they have incautiously been drawn into an implied admission of a debt double the amount really due, and upon being summoned for that money find that all their denial avail nothing, proof being given forsooth of an admission of the debt ; and so far and so much for that part of the drama. Another system equally reprehensible has been often resorted to, and quite as infamous, if not more so, than the former, namely : that of trying to fix liabilities on the parents, relatives, or friends of debtors who fail in payment, by pretending a guarantee being given for them. These occurrences are of such every day practice that dozens fall victims to them. It will be gratifying, however, to hear that his Honor has made a Rule which will most likely strike to the very root or some of these evils. An order being made that all moneys shall henceforth be paid out of court to plaintiffs only, and not to their agents. This of course will give a check to the system of purchasing debts, as welL as suing for creditors who have quitted the colony, and some of these wholesale dealers in bad debts will find to their cost that not withstanding such bargains, the proceeds of these actions are only payable to the parties themselves- who may or not hand it over to the speculators, just as suits their notions of honesty. Having said thus much, it now remains for me to give a word of advice to persons who are likely to be made victims of such men, and save them much distress. If parlies really do owe money, the law has made ample provision for their relief ; they have only to appeal to the court for time, and, where no fraud is contemplated, their application will receive the greatest attention. The court has full power to grant time, and its humanity and consideration has been always manifest where that indulgence can safely be granted. If parties owe debts, there can be no harm in making honest pro posals to pay them. But let the public be on its guard against making admissions to agents or collectors, in disputed cases. As far as I may be concerned, I pledge myself never to take a judg- ment on a mpre aclcnnwleiifrmpnt. or strain » rnnvprsatinn tn fiv an unsuspecting party with an unjust debt. If I shall ever have oc casion to obtain a verdict upon an admision, it shall be upon one signed by the party, not by a mere mark, but his signature in his own proper hand writing. In any other matter it shall be upon full hearing in court, and each party must stand or fall by the justice of his case. I cannot conclude without saying a word in reply to a paragraph in last Saturday's number, concerning the officers of the Court, being convinced you are misinformed, or have taken a wrong view of the matter. You are doubtless well aware that in the Court of Requests Office there are no more "cats than can catch mice and in such a confined space, with so much business, one clerk to each department can only do one clerk s work ; and as to civility or urbanity, pray tell me of any office in the colony where it is more in practice? As to the Registrar, I can testify that to serve the interest of a suitor he actually remained in the office one whole hour " by the Shrewsbury Clock," whilst a special writ of execution was in preparation against a run-away debtor ; and does this shew inattention to the duties of his office ? If the last prevailing sickness has kept him away from business for a day or so, it is to the will of a Higher Power and not to the negligence of the Registrar that his absence is to be attributed. The ghost of a clerk could not be seen there on Monday week most certainly. But I have it for fact that Mr. Duguid, in propria personce, was in attendance the whole of that day without being absent for five minutes together; and had the other clerk (there being only two) been absent for a few moments, a little patience would have saved all this great mogul tale about absentee-ism. I am, Sir, vour obedient Servant. A COLLECTOR AND AGENT. Be it remembered that my only reason for concealing my name is that it might not be understood that I am sounding my own trumpet to get business. My own actions will shew hereafter that 1 mean what I sav. 