KOAD STUMPS. tientlemen— as one ot tne great unknown who may one day become the owner of a sec: ion, allow me to inquire whether it is usual here to sell the country farm sections and the acres in townships before the proper roans are made to tnem. l rather think this is not the :ase in the North American colonies. Of one thing I *m sure, from personal observation, and it is that thirteen years are not suffered to elapse, even by the ?ager spirit, of land monopoly, without good roads or ^lcar roadways being made for one and all. Yours respectfully, Quadrangle. Adelaide, Thursday night. Gentlemen — My opponent took some time to consider my reply to his letter. Why ' Anti- Sophist'' should think I was provoked, I cannot guess. I am sure there was no expression escaped from me should have given him any reason to think so. 'Anti-Sophist' has abandoned every question he started except one. Galled at his defeat, he accuses me of ignorance and false hood. What a man asserts he ought to be able to prove. My opponent manifests a knowledge of the reason why the Sabbath was changed from the Saturday to Sun day. The apostles considered the Sunday consecrated from the fact of our Saviour's resurrection and the descent of the Holy Ghost on that day ; and, in honour of these two great events, appointed the Sunday to be observed as the Sabbath, or the Lord's day. 'Anti- Sophist' vainly tries to make his argument good, because the apostles and the early Christians met and broke bread on that day in commemoration of the resurrection ; that we are justified in adopting the Sunday as the Sabbath. They also observed the day on which our Saviour died as the Lord's day ; then I challenge ' Anti-Sophist ' to deny that tho Friday is not the Sabbath. My opponent is startled at the fact that we have not the whole of the Scriptures, and is shocked when I make him acquainted with what he did not know before ; and asks is not this Infidelity ? I can prove to ' Anti-Sophist ' what portions of the Scriptures wo have not got, if ho cannot believe it ; and from the Bible itself I am, Gentlemen, Yours, &c;, Catholicus. 4th August, 1849. 