Original Correspondence. THE DRAMA. WEDNESDAY EVENINQ,-SAINT VALENTINS*» EVB. 10 O'CLOCK, P. II. To the Editor» of Belt'» Life in Sydney GBNTLBMK.N, -lime prcises-I forget at this moment the correct Latin for the following, but will render it thus, " To effect a cure, the Sur- geon must use the knife boldly." Figuratively, my late remarks on the above subject hare been a 'very modified illustration of the foregoing quotation, and continuing the metaphor, a tom Seratc and discreet use of the scalpel would, I oubt not, be attended in due course with the happiest results, indeed even now, good effects of the operation are slightly visible, in as much as die votaries of theHistrionicarthave been aroused from their Lethargy; they are on the " qui vive," curiosity is excited, emulation engendered, and when they begin to find out " There*a one among 'ern tak-in notes and faith he'll prent 'em, redoubled exertion will be tho sure consequence, and tho standard of the Drama must advance. To praise is a much more grateful task than to censure, and the latter course is only resorted to per necessitate, by the just and impartial critic with a view to offect Improvement, and then, with the greatest reluctance. Itappears the intention of the Management to devote one Evening only, out of the four, to Opera, and in pursuance of this arrangement on Thursday Evening last the auricular senses of a respectable, I may say fashionable audience were regaled with sweet sounds from thc Opera of'The Siege of Hochelle;' characters as heretofore with one exception, that of " Marcella" (Madame Carandini's favorite, and while the temporary secession from the stage of one of Its brightest ornaments is greatly to be deplored, congratulation must not be withheld from Mrs, Rogers, who on the evening In ques- tion so successfully stepped Into Madame's shoes. And one would almost Imagine, into her costume also, Mrs, Roger's dress being a fae slmllo of Madame's and exceedingly tasteful. This unas- suming actress, of whom I have prognosticated favourably, looked and sustained the part well lier voice seems capable of a great deal by culti- vation-la the Song " one little kiss" she made a completo " hit" arid was warmly encored ; a little more animation, flirtation, smiling tte. and the character would have been'quite perfect-Mrs, Guerln' (Clara de Montalban) was'in excellent voice. The Song .« Mid the early scenes of life" and the arin " Twas In the Garden beautiful" were full of exquisite pathos ; as nn actress Mrs. Guerin appears, to greater advantage in this opera than in any other. The Messrs Howson »ere, "as usual." .ind a groaterj*¿>mpl¡ment cuuld scarcely be paid them.-Th*e'*BalUd .' When 1 beheld the anchor weighed," sung by Mr. F elicited an enthusiastic encore. " Sweets to the' sweet farewell"-a little sour will intrude. The beautiful quartette, " Hark I the Martin Bells are chiinini;," wns quite a contradiction, stultifying poor W.Griflilhs (the quondam carverjupon whom the onus falls, as well as the audience. It had scarcely commenced when cries of "where nre the chimes" Hew like wildfire across the Pit nnd round tlie Boxes, but Echo! answered, where! certainly not nearer than St. Mary's. The great beauly of this delicious morceau is the Belt ac- companiment which was eagerly listened for, but in vain ' and without which, it was a complete failure. On Saturday night was presented a Drama entitled " Michael Erle or thu Maniac Lover" in which there is great scope for the display of Mr. Ne&bitts; abilities I his portraiture of the Maniac was extremely faithfull; the other principal cha- racters are without fault. The scene between 'Julia Spring" (Mrs. Ximenes) and " Adze" (Mr. V. Howson) was excellent, the " come- kiss-me co- quetry of this fascinating little actress was 'brought into full play^. By the bye-a rumour prevails (it is to be boped without foundation) that we are about to lose the services of this lady, (the Pet of all çouts-but the Petticoats,) by reason of her going to England-if this be true, which, " the God« forbid," there will indeed be a vacuum ¡ti the corps Dramatique not easily re- placed ; there is a something, a " Je ne tah quoi, in her acting, that renders a certain line the juvenile fop, glittering page,&c.; sn peculiar- ly her own. On Monday night, (he usual Patrons, by mustering strong in the Pit and Galleries, fully appreciated the " Dill of Fare," The Gold Seekers or Something else, ns a catch-penny, and the Maniac Lover-The scenery in the former piece was very effective, pampei lng the California mania by visions of Gold-pieces, spades, picks, and other Paraphernalia. On Tuesday evening, was presented THE, entertainment of the week, " Brutus or the fall of Tarquin"-there is some- thing noble in this well known historical play, which enlists the highest feelings of our nature, and those feelings were in no way diminished by the successful energies of the actors. In no cha- racter is Nesbitt seen to more advantage than as the stern and dignified Human-his ucting needs no comment ; the struggle between parental fail- ing and unbending Justice in thc lust scene would not disgrace the first Theatre in the world. Mr. Griflilhs's " Sextus Tarquinius," (as in every- thing he undertakes) evinced his usual talent. Hie piece was rapturously applauded throughout, by a respectable, discerning audience, leaving them nothing to wish for, but its early repetition. DRAMAT1CUS. Erato in my last,-For .. winnows," read minno» s-for " fi hast scene" read Ghost Chorus and for .. Ai mina" read Amina. A DJ.NKBT DBIVBSS' ANNUAL DI.NKBR. Most visitors to Malvern have been of late under sume obligations to the donkey drivers, of whose numbers rather an imposing idea is conveyed by tin» fact that on Thursday week no less than fifty of the fraternity and sisterhood sat dowu to dinner in the Unicorn Hotel, Great Malvern, to celebrate the annual festival held by them to- wards the wane of the season. The chair was rilled most admirably by a respectable son of Vulcan, who enjoys the profits (if re-ironing and repairing the hoof gear of the cattle, and Mrs. Sarah Barker ably performed the duties of the tibie. The first toast was more characteristic than loyal, viz., '. Success to the mule and don- key trado-" Song-by Mrs. Barker, " If 1 hud a donkey what votildn't go." Next fullonied " The town and-trade of Jerusalem," a toast which being rather enigmatic, furnishid the chairman with nn opportunity of explaining the connection between the meeting and Jerusalem ponies, which he interlarded by remarks on usses in general. The festivities ended al the rational hour of ten. 