PAUPER FEMALE IMMIGRA TION. Marylisuone parish is continuing its useful agitation upon the subject of pauper emigration to those colonies, and the example cannot fail, from the coun tenance it receives from the Ilrilish Press, in securing the co-operative activity of the other Unions. At a discussion which took place dur ing a veslrymeetingof the above parish on the 25th September last, with reference to 4 Pauper Emigration," it was stated that during Lhe previous year a sum of £20,000 had been expended in endea vouring to find employment for the children of both sexes chargeable upon the parish, and that the produce of their labour was but £15,00), showing u clear loss of £5,000, the cost out of pocket of keeping these children em ployed ! The result lias been that the parish authorities have proposed to ad vance £5 per head towards the passage of a number of female paupers to New South Wales, the remainder to be paid by the Colonial Land Fund. This pro position was, with certain resolutions, submitted to Earl Grey, and, as we un derstand it, received a promise of his co operatiou. The following 41 Re port," however, will convey some inte resting particulars in detail, and will repay a perusal : — "Si. Marylfbone, S.'pt. 19. " The Joint Committee of Vestryman, and Directors and Guardians o'" the Poor, ap pointed to devise som systematic plan of emigration. Present, Mr. H. G\ Wilson in the chair ; Dr. Rutherford, Mr. Milehie, Mr. Arthur, Mr. Classon, Mr. Hakes, Mr Kirby Mr Bridgman, Mr Powell, Mr HuddeM Todd, Mr Broughton, Mr Garnett, 'Mr W. Williams. " Your committee deemed it expedient in the first instance to limit their attention to the emigration of voting persons chargeable upon the poor jates of the parish, and agreed to submit the following proposition to her Majesty's Principal Secretary of .State for the Colonies, accompanied with a respectful re quest that Karl Grey would he pleased to grant aa interview to a deputation from the joint committee on th-' subject : — Proposals ——That buys and girls, be tween the ages of 14 and l(j years, educated nt the schools of the workhouse, he sent to New South Wales, with their own consent, nnd the consent of llvdr parents, to be there apprenticed for a period not exceeding five years to respectable settlers of the colony. " 4 That the Government do arrange for the protection of sueli children during the voyage, and for their maintenance and recep tion in the colony until tbey arc appren- I ticed. 44 4 That the board of directors and guar dians of the parish advance the sum of £5, with an outfit, for each boy and girl, in part payment of the expenses incurred in sending them out. 411 That the settlers to whom the children are to he apprenticed be required to pay the remainder of the expenses beyond the £5 advanced by lhe parish. 11 1 That the Colonial Government be in structed to apprentice them to fit and proper parsons, taking such guarantee for their kind treatment, as th"y n ay dec in advisable. 14 That the conditions of the apprenticeship that no child shall be required to resido at a greater distance than 20 miles from some town having a resident magistrate, and such child shall hi produced at least twice a-yotr before the magistrate of the district, wii.i >hall cxaminr such child and ascertain that it has been properly tro«iterl, in wliirli case ho sh ill giant a certificate to be for warded to the governor of the colony ; but if otherwise, he -lull b empowered then and thete to cancel the indentures. " 4 Til it it be also stipulated in th4 inden ture tint the cb Id shaT be provided with g mil an 1 sutUcii-nt food, clothing and medi cines, and that for the first two .war s of strv-:e he or she shall receive Is per week, by > of packet-money ; for the third year, £3; for the fourth, £3; and for the fifth,, £7. "'That no indenture of a female child extend beyond the age of 18 years, or day of marriage. " That the Government be required to pay out of the Land fund, or some other fund under the control of the Government, in the first instance, the rem lindeV of the expenses incurred beyond the sum of £5 advanced by the piri-li, un'il refunded by the settlers when t!v» enildrcu are ap,aen iced. 14 ' In the event of the Government not agj "eing io pay any sum or sums of money out of the Land Fund or o'h r fund, it is pro posed that tip Col .mini Government be re quired to notify to the sctLcrs in ilie colony that n tund he raised, to be called, 4 Th ' Apprentice Fund,' with a view of di£raying in part the expense of sending the childien oat to the colony to be apprentice'1, and that set'lers d: sirons of ha-ing them upprenC-ed to them be r. quired to send in thei. applica tions to the proper authorities for the number required (limiting the number), with the sum of £7 sterling for eacli person so applied for, and that the settlers will have them ap prenticed to them in the order in which ap plication is made on the arrival of the chil- dren in the culonv, (Signed) 4 4 4 Akcuib.ild Michib, " ' Chairman.' " Earl Grey then appointed the MOth if August to receive a deputation, and tin- fol lowing gentlemen were appointed u> a depu tation to wait on his Lordship accordingly — v z., Mr. R. K. Broughton, Mr. J. B. llirby, Dr. Rutherford, Mr. \Yilson, Mr. Michie, and Mr. Powell, attended by the vestry clerk, and and the secretary of the directors and guar dians. 44 The deputation was most courteously re ceived by his Loulsbip who was attended by Mr. T. l'\ Elliott, one of the CMouial Laud and Emigration Commissioners. 44 Karl Grey went very fully into the sub ject, acceding to the main principle of the pro position, but objecting to certain of the de tails, and the result of the interview will be best obtained from the following rormnnnic..- tion subsequently received from the Colonial office : — u 1 Downing street, August ID. " ' Sir,— With reference to your letter of the Dili instant, and to the interview which has taken place with a deputation from the pari-h of St. Marylebone, I am directed by Ear) Grey to acquaint yon, for the informa tion of the vestry and the guardians of the po»r, that the following are the principal paints which bis Lordslrp understands to have been settled at this conversation:— 4 4 4 1 . In case the pirish shall provi !e an outfit for juvenile emigrants, selected mul.r the intended arrangement", and shall contr - thc sum of £5 t jw.irds the conveyance of each such emigrant, the Commissioners of Colonial !.aud and Emigration will defray all the ri maiaing clmg.s from :hc place of > Hull, auJ "III uii'ii . '»,k« ail the necessary measures for the safe conveyance of the cmi- gianls to their destination. 44 4 2. The Colonial authorities will be in structed to provide for tlvir reception, and will take steps to provide for th prop- r c arc and superintendence of them as long r.s thay remain of tunler years. Whilst fully ap preciating list- motives which very properly led the vestry and guardians to be solicitous for the due care of tlnse young emigrants after reaching the colony, Lord Grey would suggest to them tliat this obj.-c: would be bit ter accomplished by confiding them to the protect on of the local government, who have ill'- i'cjv iin r.u.1 wi uu utt- w Hal is cxpHicnt, thin by any special provisions which coulJ bi! liii'l down in this country ""Toe colonial authorities have already bpin requested to form committees, eoumosrd of some of the It ghost members of the com munity, to watch over the v .lfare of ycung immigrants introduced under the auspices of Government — arid Lord Grey feels entire con fidence in the humanity as Weil as judgment with which the object of this proposal will he carried into clTVct. "'3. I am to state that for the present I,ord Grey would nut feel prepared tu direct the commissioners to accept a selection of hoys as emigrants, because from the general rules of die service, which require an equality of sexes hoys could not be taken without dis placing' an equal number of adult single men, whose services are more urgently required in the colony. But with respect to girls, his lordship is not atvare of any obstacle to taking out a party of them as soon as may he com patible with the existing engagement of the Commissioners of- Emigration. "'t. Loril Grey is satisfied that the pa rochial authorises will quite concur with him in the propriety of the condition that the young persons for emigration must be well fitted both morally nnd physically for tin t purpose. In order to ascertain that they are so, it must he distinctly understood that the Commissioners of Emigration who, in the pre sent service innv he viewed in the light of trustees for the colonics of which they ad minister the funds, will he directe 1 to cause a strict enquiry to he instituted intu the cli- gibility of the candidates proposed to them for emigration , and will be the final judges wlm are euilable persons to be t iken. " ' 5, One important point to which T.nrd Grey must draw the attention of the vestry and guardians is the necessity of obtaining and recording the consent of lhe parents of the. children whenever such parents are known to be living. In order to prevent complaints even on the part of the parents, who might at the time he very glad of the removal of their children lo a country holding them out improved prospects, it is requisite that some written evidence should be secured of their I consent to the measure ; the parish .amine i tics, therefore, must take the steps necessary for this purpose, us they alone can command the necessary information, and it must he distinctly understood that tlicv are respon sible that these emigrants are either orphans, or else le.ve the country with the recorded consent of their parents. " ' fi. With regard to the suggestion that the employers of these young people in the c dnny might repay the remaining cost oi their conveyance beyond the amount fur nished by the parish, Lord Grey is aware th.it this idea is thrown out, nut with a view to any pecuniary advantage to me parish but solely for the public interest, in order to replenish the colonial fund, from which the cost of emigration is defrayed. But the opinion which has been expressed by the ma jority of experienced perrons, both in this country and in the colonies, against the pro bability of a beneficial result from any mea sure which should inteicept part uf the earnings of the emigrants, induces Lent Grey to coos der it inexpedient tu act upon this part of thcschcmc. '"7. In conclusion, I am to state that it will give It s l.ordship much pleasure if the foregoing principles should appear to lhe vestry and guardians ell itpalible wi ll the praiseworthy object they have in vi- w, in endeavouring to belter, l>> emigration, the condition of this el .ss of persons for wli nil they are called upon 1u provide ; and imme diately on learning that they are di,p.isrd lo act upon the plan thus modified, his Lordship will give the ueeissaiy duections to the Cum- mi.-sioueis of Emigration, Willi whom lie would then leave it lo cummonicue with the ptrnchial authorities upon lhe practical exe cution of the same. " ' 1 have the honor to be, Sir, ' Votir most obedient humble servant. (S.gued) ' B. Hawks."' " \ our committee subsequently met to consider this c iinmunicatinn, and feeling that it embraced the principal oijeet desired, they directed a litter lo be f.rwarded in reply, of which the following is a copy i — " 1 Secretary's Ofiiee, " 'St Marvlehone Workhouse, " 1 September 5. "'Sir, — I am directal by the j. out com mittee of vestrymen and directors and guar dians of the poor ul St. Maryle'iunc to state, in reference to to your communication under date the 19th August, (addressed to and ac knowledged by Mr. Flood, the vestry cleik), tint tip' joint committee, having carefully considered the same, assent that it embraces, and correctly sits foith, the principal points adverted to in the interview beta ecu the Right Hon the Earl Grey and the deputation that waited on his Lordship in reference to the proposed emigration of pauper girls | and I am respectfully to express the thanks of the roinmit'c" to his Lordship for his full and frank exposition of his views upon the Subject. ' I am to state that the committee will feel obliged by his Lordship giving the promised instructions to the Emigntion Commissioners to communicate as to the lcutiisitv details. " ' J have the honour to be. Sir, Your obedient servant. (Signed) '"TII jMaS TH >RSE, " 'Secretary.' " at is presumed mat laari urey, on n ceipt of this letter, gave the requisite instructions to the Colonial l.vul and Emigration Com missioners, from whom some butler commu nications as' tu the details of the plan are daily expected. " Your committee in the interim have given instiuctions to the ofi'icii a of the workhouse to take the requisite steps tu ascertain tic num ber of young females in the workhouse who are d- sirous of cmigiatim, witli a view la their being submitted to the commissioners for approval ; and it appears tint up tu the prcse.it time llirie are 27 young women from IS to 29 points of age who have severally pe titioned to be acccpud ; of these 20 are or phans or deserted by their parents. "There Ills 23 girls in the school of the workhouse between 12 and 15 years of age, u ho i.ave a'so expressed a dt sire to be ac cepted. and who have petitioned accordingly ; and iht's- '20 are orphans. " A printed form of petition has been pre pared to be silrne'l I, a e irh t«. -vlm-l, a form of concent, to be signed by the parents or near relatives of the | arty, is at tacit d, with a view to carry oue systematically one of the imp >. taut points contained in the com munication from the Culuiiidl- oflice."' \lr. II. C. Wilson in moving the tulop tiun of the report, said lie considetetl this one of the most important subjects that had ever engaged the attention of the ves try. (Hear, Hear.) Gentlemen were aware Hint when the united hoards came to the eonclu-iou that by sending lite youth of both sexes under their charge to lite colo nies, they would thereby find for litem more profitable employment j and enuble inein tu uvuet ineit general condition, it statement of their views vws submitted to Earl Grey. In the interview which was held with that noble lord, nothing could exceed the courtesy which he exhibited' nor the interest which lie took in the pro posal laitl before him, and although lie dis approved of that part of the phut which re lated to hoys, still it was matter of congra tulation thul they had succeeded so far as thev had done. The disparity known to exist in the Australian colonies between the number of males and females, had in duced the noble earl to confine pnuper emigration nt present to females, but it rb happened that while girls were the very description of persons most required in lite colonies, they were those with whom the parish hud most difficulty in dealing al home. (Hear, Hear.) Almost the only kind of employment lo which the young girls brought up in lite workhouse could be put, was that of domestic service ; and this was gent-rally among the lowest descrip tion of working people. It was found however from some circumstance or other — whether from lite fact that tliey had been brought up in the workhouse, and were often reminded of their origin by the chil dren nnd other inmates of the houses in which they acted as servants, or from what ever cause — that the system was most un satisfactory as regarded the weUbeing of these pauper girls. -Many of them returned to the workhouse time after time when they wete so sent out, whilst others betook themselves to a worse kind of life. (Heat'. Hear.) It was believed however, that the course now lo he taken with regard to tln se girls would prove most henefi i ll. Ttte proposal now made was lhe first satisfactory attempt, to appropriate the large sum collected in the shape of pour rates for the beneficial purpose of giving employment to pnuper children. He might state that of the Jtioti 000 collected last year poor rates in the parish of Mart leboite, it was estimated that about 2120,000 h.,d been expended in endeavouring to find employ ment for the young of both sexes; ami it was estimated thai all the remunerative labour ditl not umottnt to inure titan £14,000 or £15,000. Colonisation, how ever, would not be attended with the evils which beset lite system of employment nt home ; the colonist, the emigrant, and the country would all be benefited, and he fell persuaded that to fend out tlume voting paupers, to he received i t the colony by persons accredited for the purpose by the Government, would lead to advantages of so pnipuhlc it nature that lie could not see on what ground :uiv obj-ction could lie raised to the scheme. (Hear, lieur.) By furnishing elicit of tl.em with ,C) a head, and £2 by way of outfit, tliis advantage would be secured ; and inking lhe expense of each of them at os a week to the parish, thnt sum, in tho short period of nine mouths, would in the way proposed effec tually and permanently provide fur litem. (Hear, hear.) lit conclusion, he begged to move that the report be loc.'ived and ntl'ipted, and that tue joint committees he requested lo continue their labours. .Mr, Michio seconded tile motion Air. Potter agreed with every wotal that had fallen from Mr. Wilson, and was every day ho- eoiuitig more e iiiviueed of the necessity lor some step being Liken to remedy Hie pro- suit, state of matters. Tue workhouse was full, and lie egiiltl safely say tliev had not fewer than trom 2011 to 300 able bodied yo .tig women, who would willingly emi grate if tliev bail the opportunity. (Hear.) They were accustomed to wot itltouse tile ; anil finding themselves, when sent out to service, annoyed on that very score, they were in the habit of returning every now ami then — going in anil out from time to time — till the work house became to them a more agreeittile place than service. This was a slate ol things that ought to lie speed. ly remedied. As a proof of the willingness ol paupers to emi grate, Mr. Potter Mated that 10 men were selected from tiie stone yard sonic time ago for good conduct and sent away to one oi tiie colonies, anil lie hud the authority o! the captain of the ship io which tliey were conveyed for saying that ho had never seen men more desirous titan tliey were to abide by the ship's regulations. This was Hie more satisfactory as many gentlemen It .d been under the impression mat when once clothed and sopp.ied with a little money they would refuse to go ubroail. lie must sityq however, tlmt they must take euro not lo go too fast, because if it was known that the parish of Murylehoue was sending out their voung men to the colonies, instead ol 10 tliev would find 50 ready to go on every occasion w hen such u proposition was made. (Hear). Mr. Soden believed it was known to every one that sllte improvement of that class of persons for whom this scheme was intended was beyond their power in litis country, nnd therefore it wus tlieir duty lo do everything tliey could to provide for them ill some other way, and lo be satisfied that the course taken was the best that could tie adopted, lie supported the plan proposed, as he thought it well calculated to better the condition of this class of per sons. Dr. Rutherford regretted that Earl Grey had not adopted the suggestions made to liitn of sending out the boys as we'd as the girls. Though, perhaps, it might he right in tire meantime to make a distinction, owing to the great disproportion uf the sexes in tile colony, yet he look forward lo the time when "this u .old not ex.st, and when the Laud 1' uud would be lio lunger in it posi tion to carry out the views of Karl Grey, lie htui suggested (and the proposal was laitl before lite noble lord) tir.it a fund should ito raised in the colony' for the pur pose oi defraying,, in part, lite exp -use ol sending out childreu to be apprenticed ; but his lordsitip stu'.ed, " that tue opinions which had been expressed by the majority of expetieneed persons both ill this eu.tncty and in the colonics" had induced him to 'consider it inexpedient lo act upon that part uf tue scheme.'1 Xow, lie (Dr. Ruther ford) had made tue same propositi to many of the colonists, including members of tin Legislative Council, and inereliaiits and tradesmen of tuny class, and be found Hint the plan wus unanimouslv approved of as tl„. »i.„l tliut could bo adopted. Hear. Indeed, so strongly wus one gentleman, a magistrate, in favor of lite scheme, that lie at once said henvuuld give a check for £103 to aid in carrying it out. He could not but think that some one not acquainted with the wants of lite colony, ur some one having n sinister object in view, had in- llueitced the noble lord in the decision lie had come lo; but he that us it might, lie was satisfied tlmt if there was any want of funds for sending out children the colonists themselves would cheerfully bear part of lite expense. The Chairman put the resolution, which was carried unanimously. 