Select Miscellany The Model Government Clerk.-Th» Govern ment Clerk is the most refined specimen. Ht has grown so mild by practice, tlmt he nevei loses h'ls£temper. Rc knows his station bettet i than to argue, or dispute, or contradict, ordilfei in opinion with any onp. He lias a sovereign remedy that protects him from all complaints mild or virulent, and that is, deafness. Do whni he will, he cannot hear. It is a great impedi- ment that has often bren tried, but never beer cured. You must speak two or three times, and very loudly, before you can make him hear a single wold. He bas then a very indistinct notion of what you want, and must read the ac- count of last night's farce deliberately though, and look at himself in the glass, before he can arrive at a perfect comprehension that you are in want of any thing. . Ob ; yes ¡ he recollects, vou wish to pay the legacy duty on thc will of ¿irs. Trinkumkolee, who died in the State of Nincom- poops, in the year -- he is very sorry to have kept you waiting.' It ¡3 in the fact of putting a person otTthat the Gove mienl Clerk is especially clever. He does this so politely, that though of- fended you are yet afraid to give explosion to your anger. ' He will be with you in ono in- stant ;' and lie retires with a new colt into the next room to give audience to one of his tailors. ' Ho shall be happy to uttrnd upon you directly :' and he finishes tu Lis fellow-clerks a most curious incident that occurred to him last ni^lit nt the Polish Ball. ' Will you be kind enough to take a chair !" whilst he perfects a sweep for thc next St. Leger. You cannot possibly be ruiie with one who is sn polite. At three o'clock he locks his desk, and commences his toilet. After tint hour eve')' one is must blandly requested to take tho trouble to cill again the following day. At four o'clock, or as soon as the quarter before it strikes, he is to be seen on the water, ur iu Hyde Park, or on the top of an omnibus, so neatly at- tired, yuu never would suspect he had been doing a hard day's business. In fact, who can tell the papers ho has diligeutly read, or the tender notes he has beautifully written ; or the happy bits of literature he his knocked otl for Punch, or Bkckwood's Magazine ; or the heaps of' Don't love' and ' Do love' he has swept together for gorgeous illuminated songs, if li al fe only likes ta have them ; or the quires of paper he has richly cartooned,or tho endless quilts he has cut into toothpicks, or the countless variety of things, all requiring time, and some degree of ability, that a government clerk is expected todo when he gives his presence to an ungrateful country, from the very early hour of ten in thc morning to as late an hour as four in the afternoon. Some- times, also, lie is a dramatic author, th it ¡a to say, he translates French pieces, and il cannot be pleasant to bc interrupted in the middle of a most impassioned scene, between a countess and a sentimental barber's buy, meiely to give a stupid date, or to hand over the office copy of some dreary document. Hasn't he to keep him- self clean all the wliiloP for, call when you sill, you will always find the poor fe low busily em- ployed in washing his hands, or combing his hair, or dusting his boots, or mending his nails. Before we laugh, we should really pause to con- sider whether there is any one who could do ns many things so well in the same short space of time, at the Government Clerk. Dignity and Impudence.-Tb t/ie'S/toiO' man."-SIR,-I am a medical assistant, which is a sufficient guarantee for my poverty. My days are spent in search of labour at a salary of £30 per annum, but the young gentlemen who come to London to walk the hospitals deprive me of success by giving their services gratis or fur an hour or two per day to attend Ihe lectures, I have had au interview of late with a professional gentleman who deigned to grant me an audience of half an hour, and with whom I bad nearly succeeded in making an engagement. He wished to know if I had seen much practice in mid- wifery P I answered-very much ! Had I any objection (as a philanthropist) to stay in on the Sunday as well as on any other day P 1 replied -no! Had I any aversion to risi.ig, on au average, twice in tho night P 1 agreed lo this .' Could 1 keep the books P I hoped I could ! Did 1 understand Latin thoroughly P I trusted su ! Was I conversant with the operations in cases of emergency ? I was not afraid to venture on them ! Wus 1 a quiok dispenser P I had, I thought, some dexterity in that department ! Were my references gouil ? I submitted to him the names of titree surgeons and two clergy- men 1 " Very well, sir," concluded the .-Kscuia pian prodigy, 'I see that we shall come to terms, but there is one request which I have to make, which I think thc generosity of your disposition will not sutler you to refuse.* "Name it,' I ex- claimed eagerly. 'In any unavoidable absence of my 'attendtut,' have you any aversion occa- sionally lo wait ut table.' Five smart lashes with my cane ou the miscreant's shoulders was my answer, and I rushed like a madman from the roum.-I remaiu, sir, your obodient tervnut, PaonR. An Enraged Lion_Lut Friday evening,says the Monmouthshire Merlin, something beyond a joke was evidently intended by the large African liun exhibited in Hy (ton's menagerie in this town. A person was accidentally crushed aguinst the den by tho crowd hurrying to see the performances of two leopards in an adjoin- ing den, when the beast thrust out ono of his huge paws through the opening below the cross bur of his grating, and suddenly seized the in- truder by the arm, at tho same moment giving táe bars a terrible blow with his other paw, smashing them aiide like straws, and laying hold of the man's back with his formidable claws. The fright of tho person thus alarmingly seised, was evidenced by scroams of terror ; lie, however, managed to extricate himself. The royal beast becamo furious, bounded against tliff bars and about his den, erected his mane, and shot dimes of fire from his eyes, while his ter- rible roar was enough to appal stout hearts. The dismay of the crowd-the screams of fe- males and children-the rush towards the place -the cries and groans of those who fell and were trampled under foot-the loud curses of the men-the shouts of the kejpers--the roaring of the lion, and the bellowing of the other animals, presented a most exciting scene t though the keeper, when the crowd had burst through thc side of tho tent and escaped, assured a few who rsmalned behind that had the lion got out as tie wished to do, he would be more frightened than the tieople. It ls right to mid that so much was tho lion under tho command of the people con- nected with the menagerie, that one of them shortly afterwards entered the den. growled out 'Lie down!' to tho king of the forest, ns he would to a dog, mid quietly went on with his work of repairing tho damage done to Ilia grating. A Scene on Parade.-Bugle sounds-mc as»emble on the ground-Serjeant Uniform (i a loud voice)-' Fall in there, fall in.'-Ta-ta U-tat, ta-tat ! Officers join thoir several comjiar ¡es ; adjutant rides up to Colonel and salute with his sword, and rides olT again an takes up position to the rear. Colonel -Atteni ion '-(Movement throughout the regiment fficers and men all on their best behaviour ¿nsign Runnaway as motionless as the stan in Don Giovauni,-' My own dear Mary Blane) Colonel-. First, second and third nnd sevent divisions form four d.-cp ! ' - (Lieut. Smashi in the ranks, . Deep is my love for thee' Amy) Colonel- * To thc left wheel, march .'.-(Run naway draws a lock of hair from his button j10|e-. Look nt this, Smasher.' Smasher. 'Damn It, I wish it wero over).' Colonel. 'Halloo ! you sir. what arc you at there ?_* (Rides to section No. 3 of seventh division in great rage)-4 Take that roan to the rear.' (Runnaway to Smasher with open hand at Iel corner of his mouth-' What's tho row p Smasher, the same-' Can't see." Stands c t iptoe and perps over the front rank's shoulders Colonel (rides back again)-* Fourth, fiftl sixth, eighth, and ninth divisions, forrn line right shoulders forward, march ! ' Officers Halt, halt, halt I* Colonel-' Eyes right!' (Runnaway, tapping Smasher on the should«; -. I saw her yesterday, and we-') Colonel ' Ground arms!'-(Smasher-'Pleasant.' Run naway-' and as I sat by brr side, and gc ing to-') Colonel-' Fix bayonets ! '-Run naway-' Who should come in but the »tupi old mother and insisted that I should-' Colonel-' return bayonets ! '-(Smasher - ' Never ! ' Runnaway-. and so I hid hut on remedy, which was to-') Colonel-' Presen arms ! '-Runnaway-' and cut ' Suiasher 'The - Obituary Eloquence.-A correspondent t the Burlington Free Press has furnished to tita journal the following verbatim report of a fu neral discourse which he says he heard delivere in the Florida House of Representatives. Th duty of making it was voluntarily assume* and even insisted on by the speaker, to the n small wonder of the house, his utter incoru petency being notorious :-'Mr. Speaker; Sir, Our fellow-citizon. Mr. Silas Higgins, who \vn lately a member af this brunch nf the Legisla ture, is dead, and he died yesterday in thc fore noon. Ile had the bro AH creatures (bronchiti he meant I suppose,) and was an uncommon in dividual. His character was good up to th time of his death, nnd he never lost his voice Hu was 5(J years old, and was taken sick brfor he died at his boarding house, where board ca be had at a dollar and seventy-five cents, pe week, washing and lights included. He wa« ni ingenious crcatur, and in the early part of hi life had a father and mother. Ho was an office in our state militia since tho last war, and wa commissioned as lieutenant by General Wash ington, First President and Commander-in Chief of the army and navy of the United States who died at Mount Vernon, deeply lamented b a largo circle of friends, on the 11th of Decenï ber, 1799, or thereabout, and was buried sooi after his death with military honours, and severa guns were burnt in firing salutes. Sir. Mr Speaker,-General Washington presided ove th« great continental sanhedrim and política meeting that formed* our constitution,; and h was indeed.» great and good man. He was firs in war, first In peace, and first in the hearts c his countrymen ; and though ho was in favou of the United Slates Bank, he was a friend o education ; and from what he said in his fare well address, I hare no doubt he would hav voted for the tai ¡IF of 1346, if he had been alive and hadn't a'dicd sometime beforehand. Hi death was considered at thc time as rather pre mature, on account of its biting brought on b; an ordinary cold. Now, Mr. Speaker, sud being the character of General Washington, ' motion that wc wear crape around tho left arm o this legislature, and adjourn till to-morrov morning, as an emblem of our respects for tin memory of S. Higgins, who is dead, and died o the ' browncreatcrs' yesterday in the forenoon.' TVie Hodel Lodger.-He is quite a gentle- man ; a smile is permanently settled on his clear face. He wipes his boots on the mut before hi walks up stairs. He pays a Ililli rent, and ha: few fi ¡ends. He leaves his drawers open. Hi has a cellar of coals at a time. He takes in c newspaper, ahd is not in u hurry for it in thc morning. He is never out later that ten. He shaves with cold water. Ho never adds up a hill. He is fond of children. He likes to buy them sweet- meats, and to take one occasionally to the Theatre, He never has supper. He never dines at home, excepting on a Sunday , and thal rarely. The landlady then orders his dinner . it is generally a very large joint, with plenty of vegetables, a very large p ie, and u very largo slice of cheese. He never Inquires fer thc joint, or the pie, or anything, the next day. Hu lends hts books cheerfully. He Is in doubt about the exact number of his shirts. Ho rarely rings the bell. He pays for extras with- out a murmur. Rather likes music. Docs not object to a Uute and plano playing different tunes at the same time. He is never in arrear with his rent : if it is not paid the very day It becomes die, the reason is because he has paid it the day before. Thc Model Lodger is sheepish, rich, and contented. An American Marvel.- A dead alligator, as , newspaper readers may remember, which was lately found floating in the bay of New York, awakened much speculation among naturalists ; the recent discovery of the skeleton of another, almost ns far north, in New Jersey, ls therefore not of a novelty of wonder in these regions, ex- cept from the imtnenso size of thu latter, and from a matter of most curious antiquarian inter- est connecud with its exhumation. This last alligator or crocodile, measuring 30 feet in length, was found at Eatontown, New Jersey, about ten miles from Long Brauch, while dig- ging fur marl. The skeleton lay about six feet benejlh thc surface lu a stratum of green sand ; and underneath this skeleton, as if it had dropped from tho mouldering stomach nf the monster, was found an ancient coin I This coin is described to us by an intelligent correspond- ent, who has handled it, as about thc size of a dollar; its composition, in which there is a large share of silver, being probably Corinthian brats. On the face of lt is thu figure of a lion, with the date '0 - 48' In Arabic numerals ; on the reverse, amid several illegible letters, the fragmentary words,'Arg. Procon. Latia Mo,* may be decipher- ed, surrounding two larger letters, in the centre oue of which is the Greek 'IP with an 'R' Inter- woven with it. We understand that the whole or this curious matter is to bo brought before some antiquarian society in the regular mode, wilts ! all tho necessary testimony as to facts particular of thc discovery. But whito those learned gen- tlemen are puzzling themselves as to the pro consulship iu which this coln was cast, and calling in Hie aid of tba geologist's account for lu locality, our tiulck- miuded readers will in- stantly jump to tho honest conclusion that this crocodile, who found his burial amid the sands of New Jersey, had, 2,000 years ago, half digosted sonic Raman soldier in the livers of Africa, ero ho floated westward for a new meal, with the poar felon's last coin still presnrvod In hit maw. Fate in Wedlock.-la 1789 Serjeant Berna- dette, being then at Grenoble, fell la lore with a pretty girl and made lier an oder of marriage. Bula watchmaker was also a candidate fur her hand, and she thought him abettor birg MU than a soldier. She is still alive, a decrepld. crooked, anil wrinkled old woman, a servant at a cummim inn, and in a state of utter poverty. ' Ah. sir.' said she, in lately concluding her story, ' I should have done much better in marrying M. Bernadotte. I should have been a ipicen now, yes, a queen ! instead of waiting upon everybody here. I should have lind a crown, and subjects, and fine clothes. I should have been a queen ! Ali ! I made a great mistake, a sad mistake. I ought to have foreseen this ; for I assure you, sir, M. Bernadotte was not a common man. I had n kind of presentiment that something would happen. Sut what would you have P When we nre yoting wo do not rctl 'Ct ; wc are not ambiti- ous; we refute kiugdums and make fools of our- selves-' Saying that she shed tears. When asked if she had heard anything from him shu answered. . Never, sir. I have written to him several times since he became a king, but he Ins never returned any answer. My husband says it is because I did not pay the postage of my let- ters. It is very likely. And then perhaps he may feel annoyed at my having refused him. If we were both free again and I had money I should go to Sweden. Perhaps ho would marry me ; or, at any rate, give me his linen to wasli ! That would be something after all.' Prom a diadem to a tub ! Could Love himself have im- agined anything more romantic ? A Yankee Attorney on Capital Punishment. The following oration was delivered somewhere in Wisconsin, by one of the profession, who would seem to have quite an aversion tr» capital punishment:-" May ¡I please your Loidship and gentlemen of the jury, the case is ns clear as ice, and sharp to the point HS ' no' from your sweetheart. Tue scripture saith ' Thou shalt not kill ;' now, if you hang my client, you trans- gress the command as slick us grease, and us plump as a goose-egg in a loafor's face, Cîeii tirmen, minder is murder, whether committed by twelvo jurymen or by an humble individual like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny tho fact of my client having killed a man ; but is that any reason why you should do su ? Nu such tiing, gentlemen. Von may hiing thc prisoner in . guilty,' tho hangman may do hit duty, but will that exonerate you P No such thing. In that case you will be murderers ! - Who nniong you is prepared for the brand of Ci i ii to be stamped upon his brow to-day P who. freemen-who in this land of liberty and light P Gentlemen, I will pledge my word nat one of you has a bowie-knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cates mid tobacco. You can Bmuke thc tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience ; but, hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through tho internal prin- ciples of animal vertebra!, until thc spiral ver- tebra; of your anatomical construction is turned int'i a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder 1-beware, I say, of meddling with the internal prerogative .'-beware, I say. Remem- ber the fate of the man who attempted to steady the arc, and tremble. Gentlemen, I abjure you by the manumitted ghost of temporal sanity to do no murder ! I abjure you by the name of woman, the mainsp ing of tho ticking timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to du no murder ! I abjure you by the love you liavo for thc esculent and condimental gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder. I abjure you by the stars set in tho dying ensign of our emancipated country, to do no murder I I abjure you hy the American eagle, that whipped th» universal game cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder .' And, lastly, gentlemen, If you ever expect to wear long-tailed coats-if you ever oxpect fres dogs not to bark at you-If you ever expect t» wear boots made of the freo bide of tho Rocky Mountain buffalo ; and, to sum up nil, if you ever expect to be anything bul a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut- throated, braided small ends of humanity, whittled down to iudistiucti bility, acquit my cliont, and save your country." The pi ¡sou er was acquitted ! A Man over Niagara Falls.-A correspon- dit of thc BufTalo Advertiser thus describes tbs death , of a man named Richard Beedons, of Buf- falo, who went over Niagara Falls :-« Niagara Falls, October 2.-At about sun-set lastcvening a man was carried over Uic Falls. He was tn a sail brat decked over to the bow, and I should think would carry three or four tons. I was ou tho head of Goat Island when I first discovered the boat-then near half a mile from the foot of Navy Island, and nearly two milos above (hs Falls. There seemed to be two in the boat. St was directed towards the American shore-the wind bloving from this shore, and still the sail was standing. Being well acquainted with thc river, I regarded the position of the boat as ex- traordinary and hazardous, and watched it with intense anxiety. Soon 1 discovered the motion of an oar, and from tho changing position of the boat, concluded it had but one. White constantly approaching nearer and nearer the rapids, I could discover it was gaining the American shore, and by the time it had got near the first fall in thc rapids, about half a mile above Goat Island, it was directly above tho island. There it wns turned up the river, and for some time tho wiud kept it nearly stationary. But soon the boat was again turned towards thc American shore. Then it was certain it must go down thc American rapids. 1 ran to the main bridge in lime to nee thu boat just before it got to the first large full in tho rapids. Then I saw but one man-lie standing at tho stern with his oar changing thc course of the boat down the curront, ami ns it plunged over, ho sat down. I was astonished to see thu boat rite with the mast and sail standing, and the man, again erect, directing the boat to- wards the shore. As he came to tho next and to each succeeding fall be sat down, and then would rise and apply his oar in tba iotermeilUlo current. Stilt there wns hope that he would come near enough to tho pier to jump, but in a moment it was gone. Another, that lie might jump upon thu rock near the bridge, but the cur- rent dashed him from il under the bridge-break- ing the mast. Again he rose on the opposite side. Taking his uar and pointing his boat to- ward« thc main shore, he cried, " had I batter jump from tho bontP" We could not answer, for either seemed certain destruction. Within a few rods of the Falls, tho boat struck a rock, turned over, and lodged. Ile appeared to crawl from under it, aad swam with the oar In his baud till hs went over the precipice. Without the power to reader any assistance- for half an hour watching n strong man struggling willi every nerve for life, yet doomed with almost thc cer- tainty of destiny to an immediate and awful death, atilt hoping with cvory cuort fur his de- liverance-caused an intensity of excitement I pray God never again to experience." Definition of a Gent.-A barmaid at an Ian, being nskod the difference between a . gent' add a 'gontlemati,' replied, 'You know, slr, that a 'gent' is only half a 'gentlemen ;' for where the 'gent' gives only a, sixpence, tho 'gentleman' (jivei a shilling.' 