MISCELLANEOUS. THE DIGNITY OF THE SUBJECT. —My lad, said a lady to a boy cairyine newspapers,are you the mail boy ? You do«'n think I'te a tea-.ale boy, du: je? A THING OF SHREDS AND PATCHES—A Philadelphia paper describes a curious patchwork bed quill n.ade by a blind ladv, and composed of 55,555'pieces. Nor PARTICULAR TO A SHADE. «—A btggar boy made application to a farm, el's Wile in bootUad, lor relief, and was re. fused on the ground Ibat she had lio capper, to which the urchin very accommodatingly replied—I take filler, mem. THE RIGHT MAN TO PITY. When Colly Gibber saw his graceless son Tbeopolis, in a rich suit of cloibee, be wh:»t pered to ilia ai be |«»«?<f—Tliee. rtiee I pity' l'lty me, replied lliee, pity ID v lailor. DOMESTIC BLISS-'— Paterfamilias 1 cannot conceive. ray lore, wharis ihe matter wilb my watcb. 1 think it inu.t want cleaning. Pet child, ob no, papa de*r, 1 don't think it warita cleaning, bec«n«e the baby and I had it wntbing in ibe basin fur ever so long tbit morning. DROLL MISTAKE.—A Frenchman who left London for ibe couuiiy in a post oliaiae, baring changed homes at UibridgF, got burridly into the cbaise again and colled out to the driver, ollons done. The postillion, unfoilunatrly, not undemanding Frei.ch, and suppming he meant, a London, canied ibe astonished traveller to London. DEATH BY WHOLESALE—During « heavy tliunderatorin which visited Ayrshire lately, a floGfc of crows, silting on a hedge, on a tar mot Slialloch.io tlie parish of Cojlion were struck by lightning, and sixty two of tbem killed. PAINTING BY THE MILE.—A painting, occupying ii is anerted, three miles nf canvass, representing the MiG>itrippi and tbe Missouri, is ou view at the Egyptian Hall, It is by one John Bavard, an American, who losolred, attbe age of eighteen, to produce tbe largest painting iu Ibe woild, CONCEIT—A gentleman at Ckorley, Lancashire, advertises in the Prrtton Chronicle for board in a quiel genteel family, where ihere are two or three beautiful and' accomplished young ladies, and where hit society will be deemed a tuflioicnj for board, lodging, washing, and other ei cetrss. COOL AS LEAD.—A few days siuct a conning thief repaired to a bouse iN Cork, and coolly carried away all the lead from ilie guitars, &e.;, telling tbe tenant Ibat be should take ibe lead in the landlord, ill older to convince bin tbat new leal was absolutely required, A " SMALL" FAMILY,—On the 20tb of March, a man named Bramiey, at Beth, called upon the registiar to legisler the birth of his twenty-seventh child, lie tiering bad three wives. The fi'si had oqe clii d, the second thirteen, and tbe third was confined of her thirteenth child oo the 16th March last. WHAT NEXT.—Kitty, where's the frying pan P Johnny's gut it, calling mud and oyster shells up the alley, with ibe cat for a horse, Tbe dear little fellow, said the mother, what a genius he'll make, but go and get it, we are having company and I mast try tome fish for diuoer. A PRINCIPLE—' I hold,' said an editor down west, with dignified emphasis. 'I bold, it as a sell evident principle that no mail abohld take a newspaper three consecutive years, without making at least, an apology to the editor for not paying for it.' WOODEN GUNPOWDER, — From Kiindry recent experiments the laci is established that fioe aaw dttsi, or rasped wood, steeped iu a mixture at concentrated sulphuric and nit lie acids, and afterwards washed and diied, will explode similar to gunpowder, and if rightly managed, with mucli greater force. The greatest wonder about ii is, that the fact bad not been diBcoveied earlier. Why is an old hat like France ? Do you give Ii up f Because i'i» lost it's Map —.Napoleon. Why is Prince Albert like cold meat ? Do you give it up F Because be is •Iwaya brought in for luncheon. The Lynn News j-ays the latest mme for a bustle is back gammon, Why is a pig with a curly tail like the Ghost in Hamlet? Do you give it it op t Because it can a tail unfold, j 