Hawkesbury Regatta, To the Editors of Bell's Life in Sydney. GENTLEMEN,- Oeing perfectly awwe of the absence of your reporter on the âny of the Re- gatta, until A very Ute hour, anti finding that a garbled statement of this sporting affair has found its way into the columns of the Herald, I herewith forward you a correct report of the Races, and the position of the boats as placed by the Stewards, and trust that your great anxiety at nj I times to advance the sports of the Southern Hemisphere, will cause' you to give publicity to this statement, which is true in every particular. I remain. Gentlemen, Vour obedient servant, JOHN M. M'QUADE. Windsor, January 21, 1819. Precisely at 12 o'clock, A.M.. the following boats made their appearance, and were in rondi- nes», at the- Flag Boat moored olí Beast-ley's Wharf. Mr.W.M'Quade'sSons of the Thames I Mr. E. Coffey's Aurora. 2 Mr. Orono's Friendship.3 Mr. Doyle's Shamrock. 4 On the usual signal being fired, tho boats started well together, and no visible advantage was perceptible until they reached thc punt warp; where the Lon-un-er took the lead, and kept gradually increasing it to thc buoy olf Hudson's fnim, which was rounded by a lead of nearly 109 yards, the Aurora second ; this was the or- der of thc race until they again reached the Ving Boat, which had, in the mean time, drifted from lier anchor to within some few yards of the hank. The co m mitti o perceiving that the Flag Bout had drifted from her moorings, requested Mr. Shirley, Chief Constable, who, with his subordinates, the corps do constabulare, were cruising the river in a beautiful new boat, lately put Into the possession of thc police by the Go- vernment,for the laudable purpose of suppressing illicit distillation and other nuisances on the river Hawkesbury, to take the place of the Flag Bo.it, to wliiclf réquisition Mr. Shirley kindly acquiesced, and on thc suggestion of a majority of the committee, a person was sent to order the boats to round the police boat instead of the Flag Boat. With this order all complied, ex- cept the Friendship and Shamrock, the farmer with much difficulty endeavoured to round the Flag Boat, while the latter, finding her chance nf the race lost, gave up the ghost, resting her chanco upon the aforesaid quibble. However*, it was quite clear to the Stewards that the Sons of the Thames, pulled by Rice, Thompson, Bond, and Brennan, had won fairly, without giving the Hawkesbury crews the slightest chance, and they very properly awarded Mr. M'Quado the first prise. Second Race. For all boats pulled by a pair of sculls. Mr. W.M'Quade's Waterlily, (Rice)... 1 Mr. Earle's Lass O'Gowrie. 2 Mr. Brennan's Pretty Sprite. 3 Mr. Doyle's Shamrock, (S. Arnold) . 0 Mr. Coffey's Sprig O'Slullelagh .... 0 Mr, Doyle's Kate Kearney . 0 Much excitement was created preparatory to the start for this race, thc Emeraltlers of the Hawkesbury (and heaven knows they are a for- midable body,) placing thc utmost confidence in their countryman, the celebrated champion of Sydney Cove, the renowned Jack Brennan. At starting, for some few yards, they wero all together ; but some few good strokes of tho re- nowned Jack, and colebrated Rice, showed that it was all up with poor Sam Arnold, the net of the river, who funked at thc punt rope. We be- lieve this temporary sickness tn have been occa- sioned by Jack and Rice repeatedly cocking up their dexter pius, as if in derision to their more Insignificant opponents. However, with all this advantage at starting, Jack was by no means pleased with his countrymen on thu river ; for, strange to say, he lost the race, notwithstanding it was truly apparent to every man, possessing even common understanding, that ho could have won with perfect ease, if he thought proper. Third Race. For âll boats, not pulling more than four oars, under 23 feet in the keel. Mr. W. M'Qtwde's Waterlll y. (Rice and Bond) . . 1 Mr. Doyle's Shamrock, (Doyle, Arnold, Ry- an, and Douglass) .r. 2 Notwithstanding their defeat with the Sons of tho Thames in the first race, our athletic sons of the Hawkesbury placed the most implicit confi- dence In their countrymen winning this race, particularly four oars opposed to two. However, in this, as in the other races, they were doomed to experience sad disappointment, being defeated with the greatest case imaginable, the Waterlily winning by nearly 100- yards. Fourth Race. For all two oared boats, pulled by amateurs. Mr. W. M-Quade'a Waterlily. 1 Mr. Doyle's Shamrock.2 Although the Waterlily won this race with all possible ease, the prize was eventually awarded to the Shamrock, Mr. M'Quado not having com- piled with the decision of tho committeo on the night of entrance, which was to the effect, that the names of the amateurs should be handed In for the approval of the committee, at or before 12 o'clock, A.M., an the day of the race. Fifth Race. For all two oared boats, seventeen feet and under in the keel. Mr. Brennan's Pretty Sprite. 1 Mr. Earle's Lass O'Gowrie.2 Mr. Coffey's Sprig O'Shillelagh .... 3 Mr. Doyle's Kate Kearney .0 Won by the Pretty Sprite by about four lengths. 