ME. GREGSON. HIS very worthy and most patriotic entleman is excessively annoyed t our exposure of his rampant morality in respect to the government school masters, and more espeoal y, as .it has convinced even himself we say ,t advisedly—that he has once more overstepped his ' mark, and knocked on the head «; 8 snug little scheme, which he had ; concocted for the purpose of re-| gaining ^ portion—only a portion r of the large amount of popularity, which he, at one time undoubtedly possessed, and which he was most anxious to regaiu for purposes which we shall presently explain. We must go back a little way, however, to the GUBGSON manoeuvring in order to expose the honorable gentleman's policy. The reader will recollect, that a short time ago, Mr, GREGSON bearded the Goverin Council, as the champion of his absent friend, Mr. DRY : on this occasion, he behaved, in our opinion, very ill indeed, that is, according to the report of his sayings ^ve cannot call it a speech) in the Colonial Times, a paper which he now dis languishes, as the organ of his pub- ' lished _ lucubrations. In that report r---,I he . is made to speak . after the fol- • lowing Boinbastes ....... -t>......... Furioso <• fashion: 'Mr Greg.on, wrihorrt wishing rn arate that whrt y.n, Esceileriry says is noi true l tirg nrct re>pectin!|y ( jour pn.iMoi. into consideration) 10 •tniniarn ibat ihe question irasuot hem Wv.po.td of. Bur if, j,.o cmi.ier ilie quentiou u iitci itd. I stmngij pmie>t again.! you' arnnrary matin -11 deriding il: ii'id alrhoagh L am sorry to dnni ili-ii jfllr Excellency ha> ac.'ed 00 several uccadona in the i.art><> way. I deny that you p<t,.e'i any aucli a hriia'J rtni u"COt>«tiiu:ii)n«l p 1Wer, an r.» trier <u til down or 10 pievml lli«> .peaking o( aay Mtrnber uf rhia Council, I, tor one, will uevrr untiction tn nnniMrous .„ asiunipthiri »l auilroiiry—(or Grid k»onr, c.-nillinU'il >1 Ihia Council at prefegi i>, the pnvilecei of Untish aubjrcit are aufficieoity abridged ; arid wkt) are you ichu are to g,w men word) / iliia is a Couuril of A<ivice, ot labxtr y u are president or ciiairtugo. Are ynn to call o iter, or cry m down, wllru a m^mharbrings (onli a measure you di«ap|iro>e nl t If Ire- diicn««iirn drprndnt upon Joui »elo, the p opleirt Van Diemtn'e Liod would he in m ,nto«t drp.o.-afe'e po.fiton. The finli lc would ' ha«e 110 security, and, through you, tbe -brat inleiesia ot the colony would Ue bulked. AMlnlleh I re»|.eci die ponirmn ynu bold, I tell you timi'y. o> I perceive a snetr tipangottr brow, the dilation of yaw mslri or the conbmptiioiit turn of yimr upper, lip trill netti tu. n ine from my just aud honorab purpose. I Bia Icurlem oi nil cituarquencea, Ihe duty I have to perforin I will do to Ilia best ot rtif ability,, Passing by the villainous grammar of the rodomontade, what, may we ask, will be the opinion of every thinking person of Mr. GREGSON'S conduct on this occasion ? lie talks about not ,being turned from his "justand honourable purpose," and e valiantly declares, that he j 3 ctually fearless of all consequences. s to Jus' just and honourable urpose we will leave that where tve ind it,—in Mr. GREGSON'S waistoat pocket; but the "consequences," aye,—the consequences ? Mr. RUGSON is a practical duellist, and s the above extract will show, ightily given to bullying and lustering. Did he imagine, for one oment, that Sir WJLLIAMDENISIIN ould be bold enough, and, in truth, illy enough to call out this dreadful Chrononhotonthologus to a duel at ornelian Bay, or elsewhere ? He ould not have held so absurd a. notion, but as to bis just and honurable purpose,-—bah ! Itisan axiom in Ethics,we believe, —if not, Mr. GREGSON will set us right,—that every man is actuated by a motive in any wise or silly deud, that he may perpetrate. Now, wltut was Mr. GREGSON'S motive in thus nsulting, not only the Governor, but all his brother Members of the mock and farcical Legislative Coun- cii ? We lined no ghost from the grave to tell us. Mr. GREGSON had lost caste,—miserably, wretchedly, deplorably lost it; and to regain out a small modicum of popularity was an object to be attaiued at any cost. With a cunning eye to the future, the honorable gentleman is most nxious to be elected one of the first Members of the first free Assembly in Van Diemen's Land ; and to attain this honouiable object he has played the silly pranks, which we have so fully exposed. But the honorable gentleman has failed, and will fail, in this, the dearest object of his political and patriotic (!) ambition. His day has gone by,—his patriotism has turned out a miserable juggle,—and tvery sensible man in the colony will vote against his election into a council, where, it is to be hoped, some good may be done for this struggling and ill-governed colony, but where any effort or exertion of Mr. GREGSON'S would unquestionably tend to mischief and misfortune. No, no, Mr. GREGSON : it is not by rabid and rampant abuse of the Governor couched in language as ^ as that of a Billingsgate fishwjfe . nor hy the unmiligated i a,,der of the emancipists, the J1)aj (, rity of wj 10in are iufi nj te] y superioi. to yoursei f j tl everv that you must hope so Jar to gull the public, as to lead them to suppose that THOMAS GEORGE GREGSON will ever be a fit and proper person to represent them in the legislative assembly ; which, it is to be hoped, will be composed of men of moral worth, of sound sense, and of true and sterling patriotism. 