BANKING IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. THFRB has beeu much writing of late, by our local Times, on the monetary affairs of the Province, and bills, bullion, cash, assets, accommodations, and discounts, have been talked abjut with a glibness which to one like ourselves, having so little practical familiarity with these things, appears truly ^astonishing. Our contemporary seems determined, with the assistance of Macculloch, to set a new nap upon banking, and to compel dealers in money to give a much stricter account of their deeds than they have hitherto been called upon to do. In the meantime they are charged with favouritism, capriciousness, oppression, and a number of equally amiable delicts, all put forth with sufficient earnestness, but unfortunately in no instance supported by facts, or even by inferences which ordinary reflection can justify or maintain. It is a prudent course, we think, on the part of a public writer, to make no accusations which he is not prepared to substantiate ; and we would put it to our contemporary to say if he has acted on this principle ; or what answer he could make were he called upon to proye even one specific charge of the many he has Ventured to heap up in a lump, of oppression, or cruelty, or corruption, or the fabrication of official returns'? Surely it cannot be giving fair play to the individuals connected with the management of the local batiks to deal in vague imputations of wrong-doing, or to give currency to an impression that their affairs are instrusted to dishonourable persons; and there is certainly nothing in the laboured calculations of the Time* itself to warrant such assertions. We have no doubt that many persons have considered themselves entitled to complain because they have been refused accommodation ; or that it has been impossible for the Banks to please every one. But these are no new occurrences between borrowers and lenders, and transactions bearing a certain character when partially disclosed or repiesented only on one side, may assume a very different complexio^ when fully known. JU is, thus that we .object to the unfavourable conclusions drawn by our contemporary of conduct and proceedings which he must necessarily, to a material extent, be ignorant of. As yet he has no sufficient grounds for his accusations, and we shall be. sorry if his own reiteration of them should lead either himself 01 any one else into a belief of tbeir truth. Although the general charpes of the Time* have of late been levelled at both Banks, its particular examination of their affairs is coufiued to the Bank of South Australia. He quotes Maccuiloch to show that banks obliged to give returns at stated periods are in the habit, a month or two previous to the time fixed, of narrowing their discounts in order to swell the amount of bullion, and a hint is given that such a system is pursued here. Now we could conceive this practicable in banks which had to give a public return of bullion only; but where half-yearly returns of weekly averages of bullion and discounts are published, as well as an yearly statement of the monthly averages of both, the thing is physically impossible, even were the monstrous supposition to be entertained that not ouly the manager, accountant, and directors, but every clerk in the establishment winked at the fraud. It is evident that an attempt to inctease bullion by narrowing discounts would exhibit itself in these returns by lessening the one and augmenting the other. We find, howeyer, that the average amount of bullion of the Bank of South Australia for the year 1848 derived from its monthly returns -was £59,074 6 2 Its average discounts, &c.; were for the same period .... 196,292 12 11 The weekly average of bullion, as shown by the official re- turn for the first half of the present year is 53,962 16 1 The discounts,&c.;,are.... 215,856 19 7 Thus were it "possible *o narrow discounts to increase bullion for a month or two before the period for public returns—such returns being weekly and monthly averages—it is demonstrated by the above figures that nothing of the sort has been attempted, and that, on this point, our contemporary's allegations have signally failed. But certainly the least defensible, because the most groundless and unwarranted insinuations of our contemporary, are those which refer to the solidity of the Bank of South Australia. It is asked —with only-£53,962 of bullion in its coffers •— : and with notes, payable on demand, to the amount of £26,843, and deposits £88,453, what would it do to meet its engagements in " the event cf a run ?'* Does the Times overlook a small item in the assets of the Bank to the tune of £215,856, in the shape of notes and bills discounted and current, and upon the most of which are, in all probability, to be found the names of the customers of the Bank having balances in their favour, which of course are charged in those returns against the' Bank as " deposits," or liabilities, and which, it is believed, form two-thirds of their entire amount? Well, possessing in bullion nearly one-half the whole amount of notes in circulation and of deposits, supposing a" run" to take place, what then 1 Why, that it could be met t#ice over with the most perfect ease, and without very much infringing on the stock of bullion, w it requires but a small portion of a " Ghost from Denmark" to tell us that the great majority of the gentlemen <: running for gold " would be asked to accept their own paper in the first place, and to be content with bullion for the balance. Our contemporary, in truth, displays smaller acquaintance with the universally recognised principles of banking, or even with ilarculloch, on this point, than we expected. To hold one-fourth the amount of circulation and deposits in bullion, is considered goud and safe banking—one-half has never, to the best of our belief, been heard of but in the Bank of South Australia, and arises, we presume, from the overcaution of the manager to provide against every possible, and, as it seems to us, impossible contingency. Mr Gr. F. Angas, whose authority, if it has no weight with others, ought to have some with our contemporary, complained at one of the late meetings of the proprietary in London, of the great and unusual amount of specie kept in the Bank at Adelaide ; and truly, in this instance, *ve think Mr Angas is as much in the right as the Tims is decidedly and perversely in the wrong. " Credit" is given " to the South Australian Banking Company for furnishing the public with their b*st returns—not their worst." This looks as if it were intended to charge the Bank with selecting, if not fabricating, returns. But such a thing could not be seriously meant, although the Times ought in fairness to explain by what honest process it imagines any other than true returns can be given. From the returns, however, great conclusions are arrived at. In the first place, although these documents profess to give an account only of the Company's ways and means within the Province of South Australia, our contemporary assumes that the entire paid up capital of the Bank, £ 180,000, is included : and by a first-rate process of subtraction discovers, that " by its own showing," the Bank has lost £16,000 of its " originally subscribed (paid ?) capital!" Now the Times has overlooked some slight items which might have been fairly taken into account, namely, that the whole amount of capital was not, and never has been, in the colony. A heavy balance remains in the hands of the Bank in England—then there is the reserve fund, &c.;—sums which, had it known their amount, would have rather altered the figures, and justified the fact that " the original capital of the Jiauk was intact." It is a pity that the only attempt to controvert this statemeut should have been founded on an exceedingly gro s blunder. And what a commentary is this upon all the charges of mismanagement which are so freely bandied about against the Direction here and in England ! Is there anything during the whole progress of the colony — during the pecuniary disasters of J 842, 1843, and 1814 particularly— which, but for the forbearance, judgment, and discretion of the Bank of South Australia, aided by similar feelings displayed by the local management of the Bank of Australasia, would have inevitably and finally crushed the small community of early colonists—is there anything, we ask, more wondeiful— more demonstrative of the good management of the Banks, so far as it is a question between their shareholders, than the fact that the capital embarked was saved during these times ? And as between the Banks and the public, let us hear from any one who, like ourselves, has reason to keep a bitter memory of these events, one authenticated instance of undeserved or unmerited *' harshness," or " cruelty," or t( oppression," when the power to trample down the colonists was a thousand times stronger than it now is, had the disposition to do so been as it is represented to exist? We appeal to these times confidently as presumptive that good and creditable management has prevailed to the present; and although errors may have beeu committed, and causes of complaint may have arisen, of which, whether well founded or otherwise, the public has had no means of judging, beyond the fact of their occasional existence, we maintain that the Tim s has not only made out no case against the Adelaide Banks, but has rather strengthened their position by the notice directed to their actual sound state aud prudent managemeut. 