TRIALS AND TRIUMPHS OF GENIUS. A few weeks since we inserted the description of a new bridge built by a Mr. Remington, of such frail materials, and of so slight a construction as to be almost incredible. It consisted of strips of common deal, tapering from two inches to one inch in thickness, and although extending over a span of 84 feet, and capable of great farther extension, it was sufficiently strong to carry a very considerable weight. The following letter of the inventor contains as graphic and pathetic a picture of the struggles and privations of a great man, as we ever remember to have met with. (From Hunt's Magazine for November.) Those who have read the narrative of the sufferings of ragged and hungry Genius, as told by the sufferers them- selves in Johnson's Life of Savage, and in Goldsmith's Vicar of Wakefield, will listen to the following letter, addressed to a distinguished gentleman in this country, a chapter of autobiography, with like interest, for like those narra- tives, it not only describes the trials, but is written, also, with the energetic pen of Genius. The writer is Mr. J. R. Remington, a young man, a Virginian by birth. After residing for a while in Alabama, a few years since he went to Washing- ton, and exhibited there the models and drawings of several ingenious, and (as they have since proved) valuable me- chanical inventions of his own. At Washington he made little headway. One of his inventions was a bridge, con- structed on a novel principle, or rather a principle newly applied, and by which bridges of timber of great length can be thrown across rivers and wide railway cuts without intermediate support. Peo- ple looked and admired ; but somehow, although they saw much that was strikingly original, they could not see how the contrivances were to be made practically useful. Fulton's first steam- boat drew crowds of such admirers round it when it was on the stocks. Mr. Remington was not discovered. He went to England, arriving in London early in January, 1847. He went, to use his striking language, " in search of a man," like the old philosopher, he sought but for one mind capable of sympathetic appreciation. He carried with him his plans, a teeming brain, a letter of introduction, and an empty purse. The story of Mr. Remington's suc- cess has been told by the lips of others, as was most meet; we leave it to himself to describe his struggles and probation. His letter would be marred by any attempt on our part to add or amplify. Stafford, England, August 15th, 1848. My Dear Sir,—I should have writen sooner but that I had nothing pleasant to say. I reached London on the 1st of January, 1847, without moneyor friends, which was just the thing I de- sired when I left America, and just the thing, I assure you, I will never desire again. I commenced operations at once, on the supposition that, in this over- grown city, I could at least, enlist one man. But Englishmen are not Ameri- cans. An Englishman will advance any amount on an absolute certaint;y, but not one penny when there is the slightest risk, if he got the whole world by it. I spent the first five months look- ing for this man with unparalleled per- severance and industry, living for less than threepence per day. I am con- vinced that few persons in London know so much of that incomprehensibly large city as myself. But alas! my wardrobe was gone to supply me with wretchedly baked corn bread, on which I lived entirely. I slept on straw, for which I paid one halfpenny per night. I be- came ragged and filthy, and could no longer go among men of business. Up to this time my spirits never sank, nor did they then ; but my sufferings were great. My limbs distorted with rheu- matism, induced by cold and exposure— my face and head swelled to a most un- natural size by cold and toothache, and those who slept in the same horrid den were wretched street beggars, the very cleanest of them literally alive with all manner of creeping things. But I was no beggar. I never begged, nor ever asked a favour of any man since I came to England. Ask George Bancroft, whom I called upon two or three times; if ever I asked the slightest favour, or even presumed upon the letter you gave me to him. I did write him a note, asking him to come and witness the triumph of opening the bridge at the Gardens, and delivered the note at his own house myself; and although Prince Albert came, I never got even a reply to my note. If Bancroft had come, and been the man to have only recognised me in my rags as I was, it would have saved me much subsequent suffering. I will not believe that Bancroft ever saw my note, for his deportment to me was ever kind. The succeeding three months after the first five, I will not detail, up to the time I commenced to build the bridge. I will not harrow up my feelings to write, nor pain your kind heart to read, the inci- dents of these ninety days. My hair turned grey, and I must have died, but for the Jews, who did give me one shil- ling down, for my acknowledgment for £10 on demand. These wicked rob- beries have amounted to several hundred pounds, every penny of which I have to pay subsequently ; for since my success at Stafford, not a man who can read but knows my address. It cost me £10 to obtain the shilling with which I paid my admittance to the Zoological Gardens, where I succeeded, after much mortifica- tion, in getting the ghost of a model made of the bridge. Every engineer of celebrity, in London, was called in, to decide whether it was practicable to throw it across the lake. Four or five of them, at the final decision, declared that the model before them was passing strange but that it could not be carried to a much greater length than the length of the model. I was standing amidst men of the supposed greatest talents, as civil engineers, that the world could produce, and the point was decided against me.— This one time alone were my whole energies ever aroused. I never talked before—I was haggard and faint for want of food—my spirits were sunk in sorrow in view of my mournful prospects —clothes I had none—yet, standing over this model did I battle willi those men. Every word I uttered came from my in- most soul, and was big with truth—every argument carried conviction. The effect on those men was like magic—indeed, they must have been devils not to have believed, under, the circumstances. I succeeded. My agreemen with the pro- prietor was, that I should superintend the construction of the bridge, without any pay whatever, but during the time of the building, I might sleep in the Gardens, and if the bridge should succeed it should be called " Remington's Bridge." I lodged in an old lion's cage, not strong enough for a lion, but by putting some straw on the floor, it held me very well, and, indeed was a greater luxury than I had for some months. The car- penters who worked on the bridge some- times gave me part of their dinner. On this I lived, and was comparatively happy. It was a little novel, however, to see a man in rags, directing gentle- manly looking carpenters. The bridge triumphed, and the cost was £8, and was the greatest hit ever made in London. The money made by it is astonishingly great—thousands and tens of thousands crossing it, and paying toll, besides the great attraction to the Gardens. Not a publication in London, but what has written largely on it. Although I never received a penny, nor ever will, for building the bridge, I have no fault to find with Mr. Tyler, the Proprietor ; for he has fully done all that he promised, that was, to call it " Remington's Bridge." The largest wood-cut, perhaps, ever made in the world, is made of the bridge.— Every letter of my name is nearly as large as myself. The bridge, to this day, is the prominent curiosity of the Gar- dens. You can't open a paper, but you find Remington's Bridge. Soon after it was built, I have frequently seen hun- dreds of men, looking at the large pic- ture of the Bridge, at the corners of the streets, and envying Remington, when I have stood unknown in the crowd, literally starving. However, the great success of the bridge gave me some credit with my tailor. I got a suit of clothes, and some shirts —a clean shirt. Any shirt was great—but a clean shirt—O God, what a luxury ! Thousands of cards were left for me at the Gardens, and men came to see the bridge from all parts of the kingdom. But with all my over due bills in the hands of the hell-born Jews, of course I had to slope, and came down to Stafford. I first built the mill, which is the most popular patent ever taken in England. The coffee pot, and many other small patents, take exceedingly well. The drainage of Tixal Meadows was the greatest triumph I have had in England. The carriage bridge for Earl Talbot is a most majestic and wonderfully beautiful thing. Dukes, marquisses, earls, lords, &c.;, and their ladies, are coming to see it from all parts. I have now more or- ders for bridges, from the Aristocracy, than I could execute in ten years, if I would do them. Indeed, I have been so much among the Aristocracy, of late, that what with high living, being so sudden a transition from starving, I have been compelled to go through a course of medicine, and am, just now, convales- cent. Of course, anything once built precludes the possibility of taking a patent, in England, but its merits and value are beyond all calculation. A permanent, beautiful, and steady bridge may be thrown across a river half a mile wide, out of the reach of floods, and without anything touching the water, at a most inconsiderable ex- pense. The American patent is well secured at home I know. I shall con- tinue to build a few more bridges of larger and larger spans, and one of them a railroad bridge, in order that I may perfect myself in them so as to com- mence fair when I reach America. I have a great many more accounts of my exploits since I came to Stafford, but must defer sending them until next time. I beg you will write me, for now, since a correspondence is opened, I shall be able to tell you something about England. I know it well. I have dined with earls, and from that down—down —down to where the knives, forks, and plates, are chained to the table for fear they should be stolen. I am, my dear sir, your obedient servant, J. R. Remington. 