' T 1115 DUKE AT T II E CM APE L ROYAL. I agreed with a friend to go to early service (at eight o clock a.m.) to the Chapel Royal, St. James's Palace, on n Sunday morning in February. The fact that the Duke of Wellington habitually attended there was the sub ordinate inducement which attracted us. I call it the subordinate induce- ment, for, assuredly, in going to the court of the Great King, the Lord of the whole earth, to worship and adore Him, must be a motive paramount to every other. I had never seen the Duke, and I felt that I should be ob liged to sustain a feeling of self-reproach if, with the opportunity of seeing him within my reach, I allowed the greatest captain of the age, perhaps of any age, to leave the world unseen by me. It was a bleak morning. There had been a heavy fall of snow. Our way to the chapel lay through St. Jasue's Park. We did not meet a single peison. The stillness of London on the earlier hours of Sundays has often struck me. The state of tbe weather made this stillness seem greater than usual on this morn- minds that, in so far as our visit to the chcpel involved the hope of seeing the duse, it would be attended with disap pointment, Arrived there however, and with the usual preliminaries admitted within, we fuuiid a singularly interesting congre gation. The chape) Royal is remark able for a large attendance of the aristocracy, and we saw before us a congregation of rank, fashion, fame, power, worth, and wisdom such as ii rarely witnessed. In a word the cun. gregatton consisted in one single person —the duke alone ! Bleak as was the morning there he was, laden with more of earth's honours, dignities, and re nown than any living man, and with but one stain upon his charac ter, intently occupied with wotshipping his God, and all alone with the clergy man. Thoughts caine flowing in upon us ftom all quarters, Waterloo, ViftniMfl Snl<imnn<«i nlacliinrr fltAiieon/L the wounded, the dying, the silent camp, the imminent deadly breach; glori ous victories, and admiring millions, ap plauding senates, grateful princes, gorge- ou's courts — all, in fact, that is viewed as great and glorious in this lower world, with the one exception, as so related to the great personage before us, that they in our minds connected themselves with him, and were by his presence on this occasion forced before our imagina tions and, as it were, seen, felt, realised. Here was the giant spirit which had been raised to sit on the whirl wind and rule the storm, which had instrumently, for years de cided the fortunes of nations, and peo. pies, and kindred, and tongues, and re ceived more of the incense of human gratitude, thanksgiving, and praise than, .perhaps, ever beLre were awarded to mortal. Nor did there fail to mingle with the retrospect, thrones overturned, dynasties swept away, hopes which tow ered to heaven flung into perdition, curses buth loud and deep. The hero, the deliverer, the avenger — the warrior of unmatched wisdom in the hour of difficulty, firmness in the hour of hesi'ation, and forbearance in the hour of triumph, stood before us, his head hoar with age, his body feeble, and bis voice faint, the solitary worshipper of that God who had so -ofien shielded his head in the day of battle, and throueh his arm delivered the British empire and its countless sub jects from invasion and overthrow. The sight struck us as particularly fine. On our entrauce the Psalms for the day were being read. The Duke took alternate verses with the clergyman. He spoke witli an utterance that was thick and indistinct, and occasionally stammered a little ere he could get out a word, but still his voice filled the chapel. Although my friend and I, habitually, answer the responses, here we felt that it would be more editying that we should be silent worshippers. It struck us both that the Psalm was particularly appropriate. After our entrance, it ran, and was read thus : — " The Duke : I will go forth in the strength of the Lord God : and will . make mention of thy righteousness only.' The Clergyman ; Thou, 0 God, has taught me from my youth up until now : therefore will I tell of thy wondrous works.' " The Duke: Forsake me not, 0 God, in my old age, when I am gray-headed : until I have shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to all that are yet for to come.' Clergyman : Thy righteousness, O God, is very high : and great things are they that thou hast done : 0 God who is like unto thee.' "The Duke: 'O, what great trou bles and adversities hast thou showed me ! and yet didst thou turn and refresh me ; yea, and broughtest me from the deep of the' earth again.' " Clergyman : ' Thou hast brought me to great honour, and comforted me on every side.' " The Duke : ' Blessed he the Lord God, even the God of Israel : winch only doth wondrous things.' " Clergym'an : ' And blessed be the name 'of liis Mpjesly for" ever : and all the earth shall be filled with his Ma jesty. Amen, Amen.' " The, Duke: 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and the Holy Ghost ' " Clergyman : ' As it was in the be ginning, is now, and ever shall bo, world without end. Amen.' " It wns impossible not to feel, with pe culiar force, the importance of that part of the ritual of our church, through which the congregation is led to lake aitematc verses with the clergyman, in reading the Psalms for the day. In what remarkable contrast with the har dening circumstances of daily life, its soidid cares, its heartless vanities, its corrupting sentiments, do the thoughts of the inspired and royal Psalmist pre sent themselves. The duke was as painstaking in the perfotm tnee of his duty as ever parish clet'fc was, and much more so than many of his fraternity whom I have happened upon. The rubric was punc tiliously observed. At the Creed he turned to the communion table, repeated the words distinctly and aloud, and all through impressed the spectator with the idea that he was intently engaged in the fulfilment of an important business of his own. The em; basis in the LitaDY was strong and marked. ' We beseech thee to hear ts, good Lord." Andatlhe Conuihuid.nents, "In cline our hearts to keep this law," was thus repeated at each ocrasion. The lessons for the morning were, Gen. tx. and Mark xtv. The sermon was remarkable, on Ex i- dus, chap, xxiii., and 2nd verse. It briefly, but strongly, showed the din gers connected with too great mbser viency to the popular voice, anil, of course without any intention on the part of the writer and preacher, dealt some strokes which the duke must have felt.- — The Church Setithicl ( Dublin. 