' THE DUKE AT THE CHAPEL ROYAL. I agreed with a friend to go to early: service (at eight, o'clock a.m.) to the Chapel Royal, St. .James's Palace, 011 a Sunday morning in February. The fact that tlie Duke of YVel- I'ligton habitually- attended there was the subor dinate inducement which attracted us. 1 call it the-suhordinate inducement, for, assuredly, in going to the court of the Great King, the Lord of the whole earth, to worship and, adore Him, must be a motive paramount to every other. I had never seen the duke, and I felt that I should he obliged to sustain a feeling of self- reproach if, with the opportunity of seeing Itini within my roach, I allowed the greatest captain of the age, perhaps of any age, to leave the world un seen by me. It was a bleak morning. There had been a heavy Fall of snow. Our way to the chapel lay through. St. James's Park. We did not -meet a single person. The stillness of London on the earlier hours of Suttdnys has often, struck me. The state of the weather made this stillness seem greater than, usual on tliis morning, and raised n suspicion iu our minds that, in so far as our visit to the chupej involved the hope of seeing the duke, it would lie at tended with disappointment. Arrived there, however, and with the usual preliminaries admitted within, we found a singularly interesting congregation. The Chapel Royal is remarkable fur n large attendance of the aristocracy, and we saw before us n congre gation of ra.qk,JidiLQ)0 Tvisdrifff such as Js- rarely witnessed.- Clh'a'ivord, thu congregation consisted in onb sirtgle, person — the duke alone ! Blca.as was llitL morning there he' was, laden withV more of earth's honours, dignities, nnd renown than any living man, and with but one stain upon his character, intently occupied with worshipping his God, and nil alone will) the clergyman. Thoughts cante flowing in upon us from all quarters, Waterloo, Viltorin, Salamanca; clashing thousands, the wounded, the dying, the silent camp, the im minent deadly breach ; glorious victories, ad miring millions, applauding senntes, grateful princes, gorgeous courts— all, iu fact,, that is viewed as great and glorious in this lower world, with the one exception, ns so related to the greut personage before us, that tliov iu our minds connected themselves with hint, "and were by his presence on this occasion forced before our imaginations and, as it were, seen, felt, realised. Here was tlie giant spirit which had been raised to sit on the whirlwind and rule the storm, which had, instrumentally, for years de cided the fortunes of nations, and peoples, and kindred, and tongues, nnd received more of the incense of human gratitude, thanksgiving, and praise than, perhaps, ever before were awarded to mortal. Nor ditl there fail lo mingle with the retrospect, thrones overturned, dynasties swept away, hopes which towered to heaven flung into perdition, curses hot h loud and deep. The hero, the deliverer, the avenger — -the warrior of unmatched wisdom in the hour of difficulty, firmness in the hour of hcsittnioii; and forbearance in thjiour of triumph, stood before us, his head hoar with age, his body feeble, and his voice, faint, the solitary worshipper of that God who had so often shielded his head in the day. of battle, and through his arm delivered the British .empire and its countless subjects from invasion, and overthrow. The sight struck us as particularly fine. Oil our "entrance tlie Psalms for't|ied4y-ayefe being read. The duke took alternate' verses with the clergyman. He spoke with Yin utterr ance that was thick and indistinct; ail'dfftcca- sionally stammered a Utile ere he could get.out a word, but still his voice filled tlie chapel. . Although my friend and I, habitually, nnsvier the responses, here we felt that it would he more edifying that we should he silent worshippers. It struck us both that the Psalm was particu larly appropriate. After our entrance it ran aud was read thus :— " Ttio Duku: 'I will go forth in tho strength of. tho Lord God : and will make mention of thy righteousness only.' " Tito Clorgyman : ' Thou, O God, has tmjght mo from my youth up until now : therefore will 1 toll of thy wondrous works.' ; " Tho Duke : ' Forsake mo not, O God, in my old ago, when 1 ain gray.houdod : until I Imvo showed' thy strength unto this generation, and thy power lo all them that nro yet for lo eonte. ' . f; " Clorgyman : ' Thy righteousness, O God, is very high: and groat tilings nro they that thou hast done : O God, who is liko unto thoo ? ' . . " Tito Duke,: ' O, what groat troubles nnd adversities, hast thou showed me 1 and yet didst thou turn and re fresh tne ; yea, and broughtest me from tho deopiof tho earth again.' ' ; . " Clergyman: « Thou hast brought mo to groat'ho- nour: und coml'ortod mo on every side.' I " Thq Duke: ' Jtlessed bo tlie Lord God. ovon tho God of Israel : which, only doth wondrous thhigs.' Clorgyman : ' And biassed he tho nntne of bis Majesty for over : and all tho earth shall bo lilted wiiti hie Ma jesty Ainon, Amen.' j " Tlie Duke : ' Glory tin to tlie Father, and to tho Son, and to the Holy Ghost,' " Clergyman : 1 As it was in tho beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end, Amen.' " It was impossible not to feel with peculiar force the importance of that part of the ritual of our Church through which the congregation is led to take alternate verses with the clergy man in reading the Psalms for the day. In what . remarkable contrast with the hardening circumstances of daily life, its sordid cares, its heartless vanities, its corrupting sentiments, do the thoughts of the inspired and royal psalmist present themselves. The duke was as painstaking in the perform ance of his duty ns ever parish clerk was, and much more so than many of his fraternity whom I have happened upon. The rubric was punc tiliously observed. At tlie Creed he turned to the communion table, repeated the words dis tinctly anil aloud, .and all through impressed the spectator with the idea that he was intently en gaged1 in the fulfilment, of an important business of his own. The emphasis in the Litany was strong and marked. ; " We beseech thee to hear us, good Lord." And at the Commandments, " Incline our hearts to keep this law," was thus repeated at each occasion. The lessons for the morning were, Gen ix. and Mark xiv. The sermon was remarkable, 011 Exodus, chap, xxiii., and 2nd verse. It briefly, hut strongly, showed the dangers connected with too great subserviency to tlie popular voice, and, of course, without any intent ion .011 the part of the writer and preacher, dealt some strokes which the duke must have. felt. — The Church Sentinel (Dublin). 