LORD GEORGE BENTINCK. (From the Times, September 23.1 A REMARKABLE man, who not yet three years ago suddenly entered the political world, has been still more suddenly withdrawn. Lord George Bentinck is gone. Of all the public characters of the day there was no one of whom we less thought to hear this melancholy announcement. Young, energetic, confident, hopeful, persevering, full of indignation, opening new quarrels, and provoking new an- agonists every day, his Lordship was commencing, 60 it seemed, a long and vigorous career. About a year since he made an attempt to retire from his Flew and uncongenial position. He summoned his party, and urged them to elect another chief. The offer only brought out the nakedness of the land and the hopelessness of the cause. Whether for a principle or a man the search was equally unsuccessful. With characteristic chivalry his Lordship resumed his desperate post, and has ever since worked it with an energy that might have raised a soul under the ribs of death. Under the ribs of protection, however, he has worked in vain. There is too much reason to fear that three sessions of overwhelming toil have worn and torn the fibre that promised otherwise a green old age. The man whose heart was with huntsman and hound the racer and the starting-post, under sortie strong and almost unaccountable impulse devoted himself for three years to days of calculation and nights of debate, to the study of blue books, to the investigation of arithmetical errors and moral inconsistencies. For three years he sustains the unequal strife, and then sinks in a moment as he treads the springy turf and breathes the balmy air of his first boyish haunts on his father's domain. We would not willingly trespass either on the secret purposes of Providence or on the sacred recesses of individual character. But there was an almost superstitious element in his Lordship's mind, which, as it prompted him to take a providential view of public affairs, lends a peculiar light to his own extraordinary career. Men are sometimes called instruments in the hands of Heaven, and are said to be raised up, employed, and laid aside. Whatever the purpose, no instance suggests those ideas so much as Lord George's three years of party reign. Taken from the turf and placed suddenly in the senate, pressed into a service alien from his nature and pursuits, performing just one mission, failing of his purpose, yet incidentally effecting objects far beyond his thought, and then removed at the very moment when the situation which first invoked him appears to be passing away, it is not easy to close him with the common race of politicians. Even at the outset of his career every one was struck with its singularity. That he should sustain it, and that so much should turn on his individual efforts, seemed still more wonderful. The conclusion is now the strangest feature, as it is also the most melancholy incident of the whole. But what has Lord George Bentinck done r and what has he not done ? He has not carried one point of his avowed crusade. He has not saved one iota of agricultural protection, and what is more the results have hitherto belied his? most confident predictions. He has not had better success in the more difficult and complex ground of commercial and colonial protection. He has not made an effectual resistance to the liberal and progressive tendencies of the country. He has not carried any of his specific plans. It would be difficult to say what he has done, or even proposed, I that would entitle him to a place in the lowest rank of statesmen. Yet, as the chief of a party hastily gathered by his energy, his boldness, his uncompromising spirit and reckless determination, he has done what no statesman could or even would do. By heading and maintain- ing an obstinate secession from the Conservative party, he has placed the country, now for two years, under a Liberal policy. He has made the Whig Premier. We have often expressed our conviction, and now we repeat it, that in no other way could we have met the present great crisis in the world's history. We little know what our present case would have been with a Conservative Ministry and a Whig Opposition last March. Every month brings out the value of our present situation. To Lord George Bentinck more than any other man we owe this happy result. That is not the only thing Lord George Bentinck has done, nor is it his most meritorious achievement. Full of the memory and the wrongs of his first friend and master, he cherished for twenty years a deep fund of vengeance which time and opportunity at last brought out. Haunted by the ghost of Canning, he has at length exacted terrible reprisals from those who first baffled, then borrowed, the policy of that statesman. After a long interval, a similar occasion and, as Lord George Bentinck thought, a similar inconsistency, occurred. It was an accident rather than a result of character or of political creed that Lord George Bentinck took up the quarrel of the Protectionists. To punish inconsistency, to vindicate pledges, to save partisans from the disgrace of wholesale and compulsory conversion, and make the convert suffer the penalties of change, were the objects he had most at heart, and in those he succeeded. It is as a political moralist, not as a statesman, that Lord George Bentinck has succeeded. He has been the rod of faction. He has punished both the party and the man. He has done some other things. With a peculiar taste for investigation, and a general suspicion of trickery, he has made numerous attacks on the pious frauds, if such there be, of modern statesmanship. False figures, got up cases, twisted chronology, convenient suppressions, were the objects of his rigorous scrutiny and relentless denuncia- tion. He has made some successful exposures. But we would rather place his success in the vigilance he has roused, and the terror with which he has surrounded official dishonesties as long as his name shall be remembered. As the political results of Lord George Bentinck's career have been exclusively negative, it is almost needless and is certainly premature, to inquire into the probable consequences of his death. While his Lordship has been dividing the Conservatives, there has been an increasing unanimity of the House in favour of liberal measures. The political world now presents a very different distribution of parties from that which the repeal of the Corn Laws broke up. Could we suppose that Lord George's followers would take this opportunity of making up their quarrel with their old leader, they would have to take him, not only without pledges, but without even a distinctive cause. That they should wish to be a party, and if possible, a successful one, is likely enough. But in the present state of politics Lord George Bentinck's friends will find it difficult either to accomplish, or even to know the object of their ambition. Time, however, will soon shift the scenes, introduce new dramas, and rearrange the parts. The curtain has dropped on protection. Its hero is no more. Nothing now remains but friendships avenged, ' moralities asserted, and consistency, or renun- ciation of office, most peremptorily commanded. 