THE LUCK OF INIGO DOBBS ; on LIVING FOR SOCIETY. From Bcntlcy's .Magazine, September. I am an idle man, living upon my means 1 — lliat is to say, I have the misfortune to be possessed of a small indepen dence, and my only occupation is to get rid of it as 'fast as 1 can. It has often been remarked, that a man who has uolhingt o do does a great deal that lie ' ought not to do. and the benefits he confers upon his fellow men are so lew, that were his entrance into society to be decided by the ballot, he would most assuredly be black-' ailed. In the majority of cases this may be very true ; but I contend that I am an ho- tiourab'e exception, and that society has done more harm to me than I have to society. I have lived for society so long, that it seems resolved to kill me 'in revenge. 1 am already numbered among its " victims " and I feel my end is approaching. As my funds de crease my friends grow less mindful of me, and it appears too evident that in the course of a brief space of time 1 shall have nothing but my own society to fall back upon. A very sad pros pect, certainly, but it is the fate of all who. study the convenience of others, instead of doing the best they can for lliemsclvcs. as to ine lair sex, it tins Used me cruelly, so much so, that I t egin to entertain very ungallant opinions respecting the daughters of Eve. I have spent moie than half my foitune, and worn nut the patience of all my tradesmen, iu m> endeavours to confer obligations upon the frail tempters, and at the same lime to render- myself an ornament to their society. Yet no one can fairly charge me with dissimulation, album writing, love ma- ing. or any of those fashionable vices which lead to plighted vows, disappointed hopes, and broken hearts. I am, however, so completely devoted to the ' best wishes' of my fair friends, that they cannot enjoy an i-x cursion party without me, aud no wed ding breakfast or funeral feast is con sidered a good enlertainmeut onle-s 1 am a participator io the merry making. Iu short, 1 have rendered myself so use ful a member of society that when I am called upon to throw off my mortal coil, a niosi important link in the chain cable of social life will be snapp d asunder. In order th .t the reader may be warned by my example, I must re late to liirn a few instances of the mis chief I have done to myself by living .for society, and he will find amongst my best friends as many real eneiutes as any man need be blessed with. In the first place there is the Widow Plinlimmon. Her departed husband " was a Captain in the Guards (at least \- so report says) and she has been enjoy ing the exclusive right to his pension for upwards of six years. Look at her. " You would not take her to be more than forty, so well docs Art assist her . in keeping nature in the shade. Yet, take my word for it, she is fifty-nine, according to the calculation whicli the respective ages of her children neces sarily suggests. If she die a widow, it will not be her own fault, for although it is not the province of woman to court, but only to allow herself to be courted, she lias adopted every possible means of gaining a second husband, short of a' solutely popping the question. As soon as propriety allowed her to throw aside her weeds. she bedizened her cup with the gayest flowers, in or der that she might the more success fully set it at some forlorn bachelor or widower who might take her to his bosom notwithstanding the encumbran ces which troubled her. These encum brances consisted — and still consist, -I believe — of four daughters and three sons, the latter of whom have not yet commenced their career of manhood Now it is preliy well known that in the stream of life unmarried men are often to be eaught by a single bait ; but if they find the hook overcharged, and there is something to swallow he- sides the gentle which appears on the surface, they will not suffer themselves to be tempted. ' Thus it turned out with the widow Plinliinmon. She had angled with infinite dexterity, and had experienced mauy a nibble, but she had not succeeded in catching a victim ; for though the lemp.tation held out by her small pension might have had great weight, the consideration that there were seven children to partake of it had still greater, and hence the old lady (what would she say, if she heard me VUU IILI S>W JV1IIUJUO L KJ 11119 U UJf U widow. Having filled in her attempts to get a husband for herself, she has latterly been making exertions in favour of Iter daughters, three of whom have arrived at that ciitical age when young ladies are called marriageable. My love of society was t he means of my being introduced to Mrs. Flinlimmon and her family, " and as accident fre quently brought me in contact with the eldest daughter, I was polite enongii to pay her a little more attention, per- lieps, than t>he had ever received before. What has keen the consequence ? 1 have been worried to death by invita- lions to Mrs. F.'s house, and whenever 1 have ventured to decline them, a templing present of same sort has been sent fjr my acceptance, or the Masters Pliiilimmon have called upon me to express their dear mama's fears that she lias offended me. In vain 1 'asseverate that maina has done no thing at which I could be offended, but that I have been prevented from visit ing her by urgent engagements. ' Mama insists un my coming to see heron the following day, to spend the evening with her.' She will no longer brook a refusal, and go 1 must; though my peace of mind may be destroyed for ever by so doing. ' There are a few friends coining to tea, and Adelaide, (that is Miss Pliuliin- tnon) has been learning a new song on purpose to please me.' This may be true, or it may not — but, as Adelaide docs not wish to remain a spinster all her life, the probabliiies are infuvourof the former supposition. Well, I am fond of society, and there is after all a charm iu making oneself agreeable to the gentle sex, even though it may c st one something more than a few sighs or tears. Without further persuasion I accept Mrs Plinliinmon's pressing in vitation, strengthened as it is, by the fact that Adelaide has learnt a new song on purpose to please me — and on the following evening I make my appear ance at the widow's house. There I am, seated on the sofa be tween Miss Plinliinmon and Miss Julia Plinlinunon, while Mrs Plinl'inmon herself is occupied with Signor Violini, a musical professor, in looking over some favourite airs, which one of the young ladies says Adelaide plays di vinely. Signor Violini suggests that Miss Plinliinmon shall sing her new song, and Mrs Plinliinmon immedi ately exclaims, ' Ah dft Ailpintdp. mv flrnx ! T am m anxious for Mr Dobbs and the pro'essor to hear ii. This entreaty on the pa t of mama is of course affectation. Ade'ade would have b en much disappointed ami sorely vexed had she n-.l been solicited to sing the new air. But, such is society ! Miss Plinliinmon is led by me io the piano, aud, whilst Signor Violini arranges the music-stool to the proper height for the lady's accommodation, I take an opportunity of reading i he words of the new song. And, if I mis take not, the title is ' Why don't the men propose?' but of this I will not he too sure, as my recollection is sometimes treacherous. My hand is on one page of the nius'c, and that of the profes-or is on the other, whilst Miss Flinlimmon is occupied in playing the symphony, which happ.-ns to be unusually long. Suddenly the harmony is iircrrupted by a noise on the staircase as of the tread ing of mighty footsteps. ' Good heavens !' exclaim the ladies, ' what can be the matter?" ' I really think the house is on fire,' cries one of the gentlemen, ' for there is a dreadful smell of burning.' The doubt, however, is soon cleared up by the affrighted housemaid, who rushes into the drawing-room with tears in her eyes aud distraction in her as pect, exclaiming, 'Oh, Lor', mum! here's the kitchen chimley been and caught fire, and we can't 'stioquish the flames' no lion !' The rouin is instantly filled with smoke, and the whole company with alarm and astonishment. ' What is to be done ?' cries one. 1 What shall we do ?' says another. ' Send for the fire engines,' exclaims a third. ' No, no ! the fire will burn itself out when the soot is all con,umed,' says a fourth. ' But . we shall all be suffocated,' screams Miss Plinliinmon. And oar best- dresses completely spoilt,' cried the Misses Plinlimmon. . ' Oh, Mr. Dobbs, can you do any thing to li-dp us ?' says the widow, in the loudest tones of a voice not parti cularly melodious. ' Anything in the world,' I reply, ' if you will only mention it, iny dear madam.' ' Don't you think,' rejoins the shrewd lady, ' somebody might go to the lop of the house, aud throw buckets of wafer down the chimney ?,' There is no time to be lost, for the fiie continues to blaze, and the smoke in the drawing-room has become so thick that the people can scarcely see each other. So, acting upon the deli- ca'e hint conveyed to me by the insinu ating widow, I, — easy man that I am, — exclaim, ' Oil, I will go, with pleasure,' look ing at the white waistcoat and em broidered shirt front ; and away I start, treading on several corns, and knocking down sundry China ornaments. in my assumed anxiety to play the part of a fireman ' for this night only.' Twice I stumble on the staircase, and each lime produce a rent in my garments, and in getting through the trap-door leading to the .roof, 1 break my head, and almost dislocate my ribs Not withstanding these small inconveniences. I commence proceedings against the of fending chimney, and in less than half an hour the flames are extinguished, thanks to my exertions and the penalty I pay for being too fond of society. I » ill leave the reader to imagine the appearance I presented on iny return to the drawing room. lie is just as able to conceive it as I am to describe it; for, in these railway times it is really by no means difficult to imagine the effects produceable from a combination of smoke and water. Suffice it that I was no longer ' fit to be seen,' and the ladies ran away from me; to save their dresses from contamination. There was no alternative fur me but to hasten from the scene as speedily as possible, and as I descended the stairs I thought I beard the widow say,-' Kind, obliging creature! how I should like him for a son-in-law !' It may well be imagined that when I arrived at home, and began to reflect on what had passed, I did not feel very amiably disposed towards the Widow Plinlimmon. Confound the woman ! thought I, if she had not tor mented me to he a guest at her house, this would not have occurred, and 1 should doubtless have spent the evening in a manner much more agreeable to my own tastes, and' at a much less cost to my wardrobe, for I found that my best suit of clothes was rendered until for use except by a member of the colliery profession, or by one of these smoke-devouring geniry who pass their lives amongst the engines of a steam boat. Some weeks afterwards I was medi tating in my own room upon the pro priety of giving, up society altogether, as one of the worst enemies to man, when two of my hair-brained friends, with wliuni I was in the habit of in dulging at at a neighbouring tavern, suddenly made their appearance, and insisted upon my joining them in the performance of some practical joke, which they intended to perpetrate at 'The Crown aud Thistle' The said 'joke' had been suggested to them by a ghost story which they had heard in "the morning, and they explained to me that they could not carry it out successfully without borrowing one of my sheets. I did net clearly understand why one of sheets in particular should be so much desired, but us I had lived for society so long, 1 thought I would appear in the same eharaeter ' for one night more,' and therefore I denuded my bed of one of iLs annurtenances. and ron-enioil in accompany my friends on their expedi tion. The consequence was, that in stead of going to bed at an early hour, as I had virtuously intended, I did not return home until daylight, when my brain was so overcharged with strong j waters, that 1 had only sufficient sense left to curse my unlucky stars for hav ing made me sacrifice my own com forts to tlic iucovenience of liviug for society. On the following morning I was re solving in my own mind never ngiin to heed the temptation of friends, when the servant at my lodgings brought me n letter, the contents of which were as follows . — ' Mrs, Plinlimmon requests the p'ea- sure of Mr. Inigo Dobbs's company on Thursday, the 25th instant, at 10 o'clock in the morning, to celebrate the nuptials of Miss Julia Plinlimn\m and Mr. Augustus Pitman. Answer will oblige.' j ' So, so !' thought I ; ' the widow | has succeeded in providing for one of her daughters, and poor Pitman is the victim, Shall I go to the wedding ? I suppose I must; for the happy couple will be miserable if I do not. Besides, Pitman is not a bad follow. I knew- him long before he got that situation of £120 a year, which now enables him to j marry.' 1 was interrupted in my re flections by the sudden ajipearance of my landlady, who came lo complain that one of the sheets was missing from my bed.1 I explained to her what had: become of it, and was endeavouring to satisfy her mini that it was in safe custody, when a loud voice from the bottom of the stairs caused the name of ' Toivzle (the landlady in question) to reverberate through the house, and Mrs. , Towzle, alarmed at the sound, hastily quitted the the apartment. I found that she had receiver a visit from an attache of the ' Crown and Thistle.' I ' The very thing I was talking about,' were the first words I heard MrsTowzle address to this person, ' and a pretty tne3s it's in.' | ' Can't help it, ma'am ; 'taint my fault,' was the reply ; and the voice which uttered it was that of Bob, the deputy- waiter at the aforesaid tavern, who it seemed had been instructed to convey the sheet to my ludgiugs inline- ' dialely after breakfast. j Mrs Towzle made some reply, but the only words I heard were, ' 1 shall have a little talk will) him about it,' (heaven forbid ! thought I to myself, )'and im mediately afterwards the" slamming of the street door proved to me that Bob had taken his departure. The good Mrs Towzle would, doubt less have put her threat into execution, had she not been prevented by the timely arrival of a visitor, who knocked at the door the moment after Bub left. ' Mr Dobbs at home !' and I recog nised the voice of my friend Pitman; ' Yes, sir ; will you walk up?' said Mrs Towzle in a tone so different from that in which she addressed our friend Bob that had I not b en aware of her dexterity in the management of her vocal organ, I could not have believed it was the same person who now spoke. 'Pitman, my boy, liow are you?' oaiu if aa wi j iticuu ttnuicu mc luuitl. 'Have you come for condolence or con- , gratulation ?' j ' For neither, he replied, seating him self close by jne, and squeezing my hand so firmly that I felt assured the ! object of his visit was one of some . importance, at least to his own interests, j ' But what mean you ?' | 'Why, you are going to' be mar ried, are you not? I have just re ceived an invitation . to the wedding, I and I was beginning to think some- thing very extraordinary must have happened to induce you to enter the | matrimonial state. What is it? I always looked upon you ai a confirmed bachelor.' ' So I am ; but what can I do ? Let me have your advice,' My dear felluw. you have chosen rather an unfortunate lime to ask my advice, for I am now paying the penalty of a night's indiscretion. The deuce take it ; I wish I could give up society altogether, for it is always getting me into difficulties. I. have been trying for the last six. months to lead a quiet life, but my friends will not leave me alone ; and uow, to make mailers worse, ,you want me to be a party to a matrimonial arrangement. Of course, you would like me to be your groom on the occasion. Ain I to have the plea sure of giving you away? Only say what I can do fur yoti, short of taking your place as briilegruom, and it shall be done ?' ' Well, the fact is, my dear Dobbs, I have got myself into a mess, and, 1 want you to help me out of i>.' ' Do you wish me lo take a challenge lor yon ? Has anybody tried to rob you of your intended ?' ' No such luck. I am only nfraid thai having gone so far, there is no op portunity for me lo retreat.' What! has the widow Flinlimmon been deceiving you about her daughter's fortune ? ' Not exactly ; but the sly woman never told me that the girl has no for tune, aud I had always been given to understand that each of her daughters had five thousand pounds.' ' And having found out your mis take. you want to cry oil", eh ?' ' Precisely, for I begin to think that my salary of a hundred and twenty pounds a year is nut quite suffi cient to keep a wife, particularly as I am likely to be called upou to assist in maintaining her sisters ' ' The nrosneel is not a brilliant one, certainly,' said I ; 'but what the deuce is to be (lone! The wedding is to take place in a fortnight, and I dare say the bridal dress is already ordered. My dear felluw, surely you never could have told the widow what your income is, otherwise she could not have been so willing to receive you as a sou-ju- law.' . 1 I told her,' replied Pitman, a little confused, ' what my expectations were, and she seemed perfectly satisfied ; but the fact is I have no desire lo throw myself away, and I want you to go to the widow's brother, Major Plinlimmon who is the guardian of her daughters, and endeavour to get the match broken off.' ' A pleasant office, truly I' said I, ' lu talk to a (ire-eating major on such an affair as this. He will be sure to chal lenge you, and if you refuse to fight, he will kill me perhaps, as the unhappy mediator. However, I will do the best I can for you, and should the major become exasperated, you must make vopr appearance in time to receive a bullet instead of me.' ' Agreed !' cried Pitman ; ' but I do not think the major will go to ex tremes.' ' In my opinion,' said I, ' there is nothing more probable, for the major has been living a life of peace so long that he would be glad of nil opportunity of declaring war.' ' Well, there's no time like the pre sent,' said Pitman, rising from his seat, and giving me a friendly tap oil the shoulder by way of rousing me to a due sense of the important part 1 wns about to play. ' Let us lie off directly; you will catch the major at home, and in the event of my presence becoming necessary, I will remain within ear-shot of you.' While I stand within pistol-shot ! Not a bad idea, but should occasion re quire it, you will come at once to the rescue?' ' Certainly, by all means ; so off we go, and if you succeed in bringing the affair to a satisfactory termination, I shall always consider you the cleverest, as well as the most obliging of. friends.' " After this little speech, I had nothing < to do but to prepare myself for the en- I counter, and in less l.han half an hour 1 Pitman and I were on our way towards the lodgings of Major Plinlimmon in 1 Pall Mall East As \vc approached the. : house we observed the major himself standing at the . door, and fumbling in ibis pocket for the key. ' You had I better not be seen, Pitman , said I ; ' Leave ine to myself and wait for me ' in Carlton Terrace, close to the Duke of York's monument.' ' Away he went, and I arrived at the j major's door just as he was about to etiier. ' I beg your pardon, Major . Plinlimmon,' I exclaimed, somewhat fa miliarly, " but I've a little business to speak to you about, if you will permit ine to walk in.' The major appeared greatly sur prised at being addressed in these terms bv a stranger, for although I had met him two or three times at the widow's, he did not recollect me. In short it was uA to be expected that he should recocnise a vouuj man whom he had scarcely ever spoken to, for the maj -r was one of those intolerant men who 1 take a delight in being abrupt lo every body younger than themselves. ' 1 have not much time for business now,' lie replied, ' and besides, I expect sorne visitors this morning.' i ' I shall not detain you many mi nutes,' said I. ' and the object of my seeking this interview is highly important to the interests of your fa mily.' I ' Hem ! hem I' grunted the major ; I ' what do you know about my family interests? But step in, sir step in.' And I followed the major, up stairs On entering his sitting-room what was my astonishment and vexation when I found that the ' visitors,' of whom the major had spoken, had already arrived, and they were represented by the Widow Flinlimmon, Miss Plinlimmom, and the fair Julia herself! The reader will imagine ti e embrassiog (situation I was in ; for it was impossible! could discharge the duty I had undertaken, in the presence of third parties, and those parties the very persons most in terested in the result. After paying my respects to the ladies, and receiving a gentle rebuke from the widow for my inattention in having been ' quite a stranger of late,' I addressed myself to the major in these words, 1 1 dare say, major, you will wonder what can be the object of this unexpected visit, but the fact is — ' ' Now girls,' said Mrs Plinlimmon, stepping in most opportunely to the rescue, ' we had better retire into the next room, while these gentlemen ar range their business,' und the mother and daughters rose to leave the room. No, no. sit where you are,' said the major; 'the young mau will come with me into the dressing-room. I shall not detain him long.' This was a hint which I was per fectly willing to act upon, for I began lo think that iny good nature had again led ine into a difficulty, such as none but those who have known what it is to live for society can properly estimate, I tried tu make an apology to the ladies for dislurbing'tliem, but finding that attempt was quite unsuccessful, I slunk out of the room, followed by the major. The dressing-room into which the major invited me ailjoincd the sitting-room, nod there .was a duor communicating between the two apart ments, but it appeared to be kept fast ened. 1 found the room deco uled with inuskt-ti, swords, horse- pis'nls, pocket- pistols, -powder-flasks, military caps cocked hats, and every description of instrument or accoutrctneut appertain ing to the sons of Mars. 1 Well,' thought I, ' if the major should feel in clined to quarrel with ine, he has every roii'cnienee ready at hand." The m ijur was not po'ite enough to ask ine to take a sent, aud therelorc 1 helped myself, noting upon ihe principle that when y»u arc unioiigsl uuceicinonious people Re bfst way is lo follow their ex >1111)16. ' I -have taken the liberty of calling upon you,' raid I, "on behalf of my friend Augustus Piltman, who, I under stand, has made an offer of marriage to j our niece, Miss Julia Plinliinmon.' Well, what ot him?'' replied . the maj >r. 'is iie no capab'e of managing his own affairs, eh V ' Oh, perfectly,' said I, at.a loss lo know liow to carry on the nur, lor I felt assured that as soon as 1 cune lo the po nt an explosion would take plare, which must alarm the ladies in the next room, and expose me to their accumulated wrath ' He was not afraid lo come to me, himself, was he?' inquired the major, already becoming impatient. 'No, no,' said 1; ' but, in a matter f such delicacy, he thought it hotter lo entrust his interests to a friend." ' Does lie want the wedding post poned?' said the major ; ' r.r have you come to arrange the preliminaries ?' ' Nei'lier one thing nor the other,' sul I; 'but, to be brief with you, ui.tjui, my mend mm in begins to en- let lain doubts as to the propriety of his marrying.' ' What do you mean, sir? explain yourself!' exclaimed the major. 'The wedding is appointed to take place in a ! fortnight's time ; 3nd Sir Joshua Pit-I linn, the young man's father, has not I only given his consent, but has pro- I rnised to settle a handsome fortune upon him, provided lie marries within the . lime specified.' 1 Oh, oh !' thought I; .this has been your game, eh! friend Pitman ? To j represent yourself as a baronet's son, with a large fortune ! A pretty dilem- ' ! ma you have got me into by your false ! j pretences !' What was 1 to do in such : a predicament as this? My object was i tp set aside the marriage altogether, and if I still suflered the IMinliinnions "to labour under the delusion that Pit- 1 j man was a man of property, they would most assuredly threaten him with an action for bleach of promise, whilst, on i- tlic other haud, if I opened the major's ' eyes lo the truth, I should be betraying j my friend, and at the same time ex posing myself to a charge of falsehood ; j for it is astonishing how credulous people are respecting the fortune of a ! young' gentleman whom they are j about to receive into their family. In my reply, then, lo the unexpected in formation which the major had given line, I thought it better lo compromise matters by disclosing one half the liulb, and leaving the other half of ' the bottom ' of the well" at Pitman's imagination, j 1 therefore said nothing about the baro net (although 1 knew perfectly well that Pitman's father had recently eini- I crated to Australia, because he could not intke his fortune, or pay his debts in this country !) but I at once denied that my friend wiis a gentleman of property,, and I suggested to the major, that if, in a moment of in- discretion the young man had been induced to stale that lie was pos sessed of wealth, the better course would be to release him from the. engagement, (villi a slight reprimand for Ins iniiconduet ' Unloriunately ?' said 1 ' poverty is such n sin now-a- days; that people are afraid to confess it.' ' Poverty ! poverty !' exclaimed Ma jor Plinlimmon, in a tone of indignation. ' Don't talk to me about poverty ! Do you think I'm to be made a fool of in this way ? I know Mr. Pitman is a mjq.of property, and I begin lo susp.ct that you have tome iirerrsted motives in representing him Otherwi-e.' ' 1 beg your paidon, Major Plinlim mon ; the only motive by which my conduct is actuated is an honest und friendly one. Mr. Pitman has been foolish enough in contract an engage ment with a young lady on the suppo- 1 siliouthat she was possessed. of a fortune, and now, having discovered his error he has requested mc to explain to you his true position, in order that you, us the - nearest male relative of the lady, may: sec the absurdity of encouraging the .match. Let me ussuie you, Major Plinlimmon, tint so far from Mr. Fit- man being a r>an of fortune, lie is only a clerk, in the receipt of one hundtcd and twenty pounds a year — a very poor stipend for a wife and family !' Such ta'k as this is ridiculous' said the major, rising from his chair, ami pacing the room. 1 Don't tell me. sir. Do you think I'm fool enough to believe that a baronet would allow his son to remain so badly placed in life as you represent V Allow me to tell you. sir,' replied I, thinking it better that the whole truth slmuld out, a9 affairs had taken so se rious a turn, ' that Augustus Pitman is not the son of .a buronci, and if he has told you so, lie has acted in a manner deserving of die strongest reprehension.' ' Pooh, pooh !' said the major I must have some stronger proof of this than what 1 receive from you;' ' VVhat stronger proof can you have; sir, than the word ol a gentleman?' ' All very well — all very well !' ex claimed this unrouth 'specimen of jaun diced humanity. How am I to know that vou arc a eentleman ? I have a sus- picion that you are little better than un adventurer, and that your object in t Hing me this story is, rather, to injure your friend, us >ou call bin), tlun to confer any b-nefit upon him ' I have told you nothing but the truth, major,' 1 doubt it,' said hi1. ' What! do you doubt my word?' cried I. ' Of course' I do,' growled the major. That is to say ; ynn accuse me of falsehood,' said i, stifling my in lig- iiatinn, ' You interpret mv sentiments pro perly,' replied tire Major, with all the coolness of a man who utters an insult as if lie intrndtd it. ' Then this interview is at an end,' said I. ' Major Plinliinmon; you have given mc an insult which 1 urn b und to resent, and ynu will hear from me before to-morrow in ruing.' ' As you please,' said he — ' as you plea«e!' The latter pari of ibis dialogue was 1 carried on in so violent a tone that the result was precisely what 1 had antici pated. Tire ladies, who remained in the adjoining roam — doubtless in a state of intense curiosity as to the subject of our conference, bad heard distinctly the offensive words above quoted, and, as ladies olten imagine that they have a peculiar nplhmle for seitling the quar rels of men, they immediately hastened to the scene of ai ti nr. 4 Gracious goodness ! what is the matter Ptolnimotl llio Witivn PihlHlll mon. ' Goodness gracious! what has uncle been d >ing ?'. cried Miss Plinlimmon and Miss Julia Plinlimmon. « 'A thousand apologies, la lies,' said I as I crossed the landing, ' lor my abiuplness in running away so hur riedly, but something has occurred which renders it impossinle for rue to re main. Major Plinlimmon, this affair cannot end here !' With these words,- which doubtless fell like a s'roke of thunder upon 'the aUo.iished ears of the widow and her daughters, I hastened out of the iiou-e an I went to meet my impru lent friend, who had been the cause ol all the mis chief. On the following morning Major Plihliininon and I m t on Wimbledon Common, and 1 was rewarded for ull lire trouble I bad t ken on behalf of my . friend by a bullet wound in my shoulder | which laid me up for six weeks. Such j was my luck ! | Whether the marriage ever look place j between the lomn-iciug Augustus Pit- i man and the confiding Julia Piinlim- mon, I am una'de to inform the reader, : for, as 1 was removed to the seaside : in the cnurse of a few days, 1 had neither inclination nor opportunity to concern mysell abuut my friends. | I think my story lias gone far en. -ugh j t convey this moral .>—11131 ' living for ( sorieiy' is a most unprofitable mode of | existence, and Rial if a man would avoid the penalties which pood nature im- I pos.-s on itself, he should have suf- ficijet discretion to know when lo prac tise it. 