LOCAL. ' Lofs Wife.' — Mr. Coleman, in his agricultural address lost week, iU.ustEs.tu1 tlie folly of modem female education, by an anecdote. A young man who had for a long time remained in that useless state designated by ' a half pair of scissors,' at hist seriously determined he would pro cure him a wife. He got the ' refusal' of one who was beautiful and fashionably accomplished, and took her upon trial to his home. Soon learning that she knew nothing, either how to darn a stocking, or boil a potato, or roast a bit of beef, he returned her to her fathers' house, as baring been weighed in the balance and found wanting. A suit was commenced by die good lady, but the husband alleged that she was not ' up to the sample,' and of course the obligation to retain the commodity was not binding. The jury inflicted a fine of a few dollars, but he would have given a fortune rather than not to be liberated from such an irksome engagement. 'As well might the farmer have the original Venus de Slcdicis placed in his kitchen,' said tbe orator, 'as some of the modern fashionable women.' ' Indeed,' continued he, ' it would be much better to have Lot's wife standing there, she might answer one useful purpose ; she might salt his bacon .''. — Amer- ican Paper. A pending indictment against the Marquis of Chandos, for perjury, excited much interest in the Queen's Bench Nisi Prius Court, during Monday, Tuesday, and Wednes day, the 12th, 13th, and 14th February. The charge arose outof proceedings in Chancery connected with thepecuniary embarrassments of the Marquis's father, which lately ended in the sales at Stowe. ' Interesting revelations' were anticipated, and the court was crowded by the curious. But at the calling of the cause on Wednesday, the prose cutor's solicitor was not at his post ; ' he was gone for papers,' and in his abscence the prosecuting barrister did not ' feel justified' in opening the case. On Lord Den man's direction, the Jury immediately returned a verdict of ' not guilty.' On tliiis triumphant acquittal, the Mar quis rose from his seat, shook liauds with his three emi nent council, and left the court. Tasmanian Public Library. — A meeting of the members of this institution was hold in the Museum of the Royal Society, Hobart Town, on Thursday afternoon last. His Excellency Sir Wni. Dcnison presided. Amongst those present were the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, VicarGene ral Hall, Captain Stanley, J. E. Bicheno, J. Burnett, T. J. Knight, J. Hone, F. 'Burgess, T. D. Chapman, E. S. Hathaway,, J.Barnard, .1. AUport, C.T. Smith, F. Haller, F. A. Downing, W. G. EUiston, and S. Moses, Esquires ; Lieut. Clarke, R. E., Lieut. Kay, R.N., the Rev. Mr. Ruckland, and Drs. Milligan, Agucw, and Officer. The pro posed rules and regulations were first read without com ment by the Hon. Secretary, H. Hull, Esq., and after wards read seriatim by the Lord Bishop of 'f asmauia, as Chairman of the Provisional Committee which had been appointed to revise the rules. Several alterations were made, the meeting only coming to ft division upon the question of the mode of election of members, In the dis cussion of the proposition of election by.ballot, His Excel lency supported the view that the payment of the required subscriptisn and fulfilment of the other conditions of the rules should qualify for membership, the Lord Bishop and Mr. Bicheno supporting election by ballot, which was car ried. His Excellency, who was formally requested by vote, accepted the office of Patron of the society, and ex pressed his wish to promote the welfare of the institution. The votes were then taken for the appointment of officers, Messrs. Chapman and Knight being appointed scrutineers, The number of gentlemen who were put in nomination, for the Presidency was 4 — as members of the Committee, 35 ; 1 for the Treasurer, and 2 for the^Sccretarv. The following were elected by a majority of votes : — Sir J. L. Pcdder, Knight, President ; J. Dunn, jun., Esq., Treasurer ; Committee— the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, the Rev. Dr. Lillie, J. E. Bicheno, E. S. P. Bedford, T. D. Chapman, J. AUport, and C. E. Stanley, Esqrs. : Secretary, Mr. Hugh Hull. The lists of subscribers will remain open until the 1st of September next, in order that the country gentlemen who have been invited to become members by circular may have time to reply. The subscription-list on the 28th instant numbered 12 life-members, one £5 and 84 annual subscribers. The subscriptions paid up amounted to £167, in addition to which the sum of jGIOI) has been voted by the Legislatvc Council. — H. T. Courier. Horse Stealing is very prevalent in South Australia. At the Supreme Court held at Adelaide on the 13th June, several persons were convicted on the charge, and sever ally sentenced to imprisonment for twelve months and hard labor. More Convicts for V. D. Land. — A man calling him self John Boescar alias Robert Boyd alias Wm. Boyd, con victed of forgery at Adelaide, on the 16th ult., was sentenced ' to be transported to Van Dienien's Land, for the term ' of ten years.' John Anderson once more. — This swindler and bolter is pursuing his nefarious career. The following is the latest intelligence respecting him, which we extract from a Singapore paper : — OUR INDIAN CONTEMPORARIES — CAUTION. A person arrived some twelve months ago from the Mau ritius, who passed under the name of H. F. Anderson. He established the Europe Hotel, from which, after a few months he retired into the Syrup niauufactury line, lidding, the sale of wines aud spirits to the choice drinks, Pineapple, Nutmeg, Citron, Ginger, Gum and Almond Syrups, or rather to questionable drinks, bearing these names. Having incurred various debts, he made himself scarce a few days ago, ami it is believed he depart ed by the Steamer to Ceylon. As he may seek to perpe trate similar tricks on the unsuspecting public of India, we trust our contemporaries at Calcutta, Bombay, and elsewhere will give the public the benefit of this caution. For some time previous, we had refused to insert Mr. Anderson's advertisements, whereon he trans ferred his patronage to our local contemporary, who, we doubt not, is among the sufferers by the ' flit.' Mr. Anderson is about 5 feet l& inches in height, dark features, block hair, aud of Jewish extraction ; he speaks French, writes an indifferent hand, is voluble of tongue, and somewhat ' raffish' in his appearance. — Straits Times. Phenomenon. — An extraordinary sight may be wit nessed every day on some part of the line of main road between Spring Hill on the south, and the Cocked Hat on the north, in the shape of what some call the ghost of the late ' Bobby Nutman.' This detcstuAe spirit rages and ranges up and down the public thoroughfares with the virulence of a fury from Styx. It is thought surprising that Apollyou does not keep the fiend at borne with him where his services might be advantageously employed as superintending tormentor. The question arises is this a spirit, or a real substance in the person of ' Bobby sccon dus ?' If the former, charity would dictate to some gentle man of the cloth to lay the ghost, but if a solid lump, the powers that be — the Director-General, for instance — ought to keep him on the chain. An old Irish story is related of a somewhat parrollel case: — A black pig makes its nocturnal ramble from the bridge of Athlonc to Mount Mellick and back every night ; this range is denominated the Black pig's walk ; and the country people are so much in dread, that no oue would travel that road by night ; this spirit, the people believe to be the Devil himself, in the shape of un cochon noir, but he was never known to injure any one. Not so, however, with t the ' Cerberus' hi question, for not only is Bobby Sccondus in the habit of frightening wayfarers' from the road, but the very ) risoners in the gangs fly at his grant, and take the bush in terror. The various officers in command are catching the infection, and quitting their quarters, and if something is not done, there will soon be no overseers left, nor gangs to superintend. A. Hamptonian commis sion should be forthwith issued to inquire into the facts. — Communicated. On Dit. — A gentleman who left London in February last, aud is one of the latest arrivals here, reports that Sir H. Youug, Governor of South Australia, is to he our new Governor, and that Capt. Sturt at present in England, is to succeed Sir H. Young. Our informnut states that lie heard this from Capt. Sturt himself. We have seen the letter (dated /th February), conveying this intelligence, and knowing, as we do, that Capt. Sturt expected a colo nial appointment, and was entitled to it, we are inclined to place credit on the report. — Ed. M. M. Herald. 