The Life and Remains of Theodore Edward Hook. By the Rev. R. II. Dalton Barham, B.A. 2 vols., post 8v. R. Bentley. Of Hook, the dramatist, essayist, itn- provisatore, novelist, we would all know something— though from his biography , we are likely to gain more amusement than instruction. His example is one to deter, not to attract. It is the life of a man of wit, not of wisdom — of a clever man, not a man of genius — whose 'talent was wonderful rather for its readiness than for it extent. His morals, ho a ever, were not worse than his politics, and his fortunes little better than either. He walked in a vain sphere, and having laboured hard n support of a faction, died in debt to the world, not leaving the world in debt to him by the amount of a single truth. much ot Hook's humour to will perish with the illusion which it vainly endeavoured to preserve. One cannot help lamenting the waste of so much attic salt ; but we believe that his novel of " Gilbert Gur- ney" is likely to survive as evidence of talents that, if they had always breo equally well employed, would have in sured their possessor an indisputable immortality. In too many respects, Hook resembled Sheridan. His bio grapher confesses this — " They sprang from the same middle rank of society, and were educated, or rather half-educated, at the same school Harrow, where they seem equally to have been distingnishad as idlr,carele.>s, and engaging. Their mothers, also, both snatched away too soon, appear to have been alike in their amia'ile dis positions, estimable characters, and in those gifts of nature which they trans mitted to their sons. Sheridan, as well as Hook, had an elder brother more blessed than himself in the watchful care exercised over his youth, and mure happy, more prosperous, though less brilliant in his subsequent course. The treatment of the two young men experienced at the hands of their fathers though opposite enough in all other respects, had a like issue ; leaving them, from indifference on the one side, and an over indulgence, no less culpable, on the other, to enter imtnalurely on the world, and to seek their fortune where and how they listed. The early tastes of both gra vitated towards the same centre — the stage through the same portal they passed into the upper and alien world of fashion, and illuminated it with the same flashing 'sparks of immortality 1' not, however, that we venture to con tend for any general parity of geniua between Theodore Hook and— ' The worthy rival of the wondrous three !' it is only in the humbler field of social eloqnenco and convivial wit that a comparison is suggested which Hook need fear with none. "In point of genuine extcmpnraneity and nbscnce of artifice, he war far su perior to. Sheridan himself, whos.r hon mots were premeditated and elaborated to a degree, which must, indeed, have rendered their opportune introduction as great a marvel as the instantaneous conception would have appeared. Tin efforts, however, of both were equally -ucce-sfol, and met with a similar re compense— /i'/i'S, flattery, and forget- fulness! Of the identity of causes that mainly led to those pecuniary distresses, which hastened and embit tered their decline, we have already spoken, and here, perhaps, the parallel must stop.'' The prerocity of Hook made him early remarkable. We find him a suc cessful dramatic author nt the age of sixteen ; but he soon became more no torious for his acting off than on the stage. Above all things, he was fond of playing the hoax. Here he must be confessed to have been great. This was a domain of art in which he defied rivalry. Take an instance : TUB GOI.DBK EAGLE. " Hook's confederate in these freaks, and in some cases his rival, was a Mr, H — , who subsequently becoming n wiser, if not a sadder man, entered holy orders, and withdrew from the society of his former companions. Theodore used to give an amusing account of this gentleman's sensitiveness, nnd of a aort of quarrel between them, to which on on# occasion it gave rise. II — , who it seems, had an opposition es tablishment in the pump-handle nnd bell pull line, of his own, called on Hook, and in the course of conversation observed, that for a considerable time he had been looking at, and longing for what, if attainable, would have proved the first gem of his ' collection'. How ever, he added as I have quite con vinced myself that the thing is not to be got, I don't mind telling that in— street, over a shop winnow, No. — , there is such a golden eagle ! such a glor ious fellow ! such a bonk, and such wings ! fee. See. Hook took little ap parent notice of the communication at the time, but, some three or four weeks afterwards, prevailed upon his friend to ' drop in and take a chop with him.' i The first course, whatever it might have been, removed, a servant entered, staggering under the enormous weight of an enormous dish which, with some difficulty, was placed upon the table, the cover of a corresponding size, which . had itself probably graced the exterior of some tinman's ' emporium' was raised and displayed to the ryes of the nst"n- ished guest the identical features of the ' much-coveted piece of sculpture, gor- ; gcous and glittering aa gold-leaf could j make it. " Every windy evening during the' preceding fortnight had the spoiler I taken his station within view of the devoted object— it stood firm, however, braved the tempest, and defied the storm ; at length his patience was re warded. the win 1 shified, and set in fresh from a particular quarter, a glance at the golden prize was enough — it moved, il 'waguled!' Nothing now was wanted but a fitting opportu nity, and that was not wanting long — a lasso had been provided, by means of which the royal bird wa" speedily drag ged from his eyrie on the first flour, and deposited forthwith in a sack by way of game-bag. tjo f ir from enter ing into the joke, Mr. II was seri ously annoyed, and chuce In look upon the abstraction in the ltehl of a per- sonal affront; what preci e view the quondam proprietor migtit have taken of the transaction, and whether his feelings wore equally nice upon the point, we are unfortunately not in formed." Columns wnuld fail to record the multitude of similar tricks — tne various shifts resorted to fur the payment of coach fares and turnpikes, and the ob taining of dinners — the false pretences — the shameless impudence — and all justified by the plea of humour. What ever wrong Hook did, his wit is put in apologetically as a quid pro quo. He was " a lively ynung gentleman"— that fact must answer forfait — must cover l every d, linquency. The following is given as the crowning feat of this kind : — bbrxer's street hoax. " But the most inexcusable and most mischievous — far more so, probably, in the event than its contrivers anticipated — of all these youthful pranks was the gigantic ' Berner's-slreet Hoax,' per- petrated in 1809. Not merely, in this case, were the comfotls of a single family suspended, or a frw moveables demolished, but a quarUr of the town was disturbed — a whole street was thiowR into a state of uproar, which lasted from morning till night — hund reds of individuals, servants, artisans, tradesmen, great and Bmall, ftom all part of London, professional men of every class, not to apeak of princes, potentates, and nobles of high de- giee, swelled the catalogue of the victims ; the police were employed to trace out the delinquents ; rewards were offered for their apprehension. Neither the 'Cock-lane Ghost' nor the Cato- strcet conspiracy, produced a greater amount of popular excitement, or fur nished a more abundant crop of ' latest particulars.' A previous trick of the kind had been played, on a smaller scale, upon an unfortunate Quaker, by Hook alone, and the success which at tended it probably led to a more com- plete development of the idea. On this occasion, however, the confederates, Mr. II — and Mrs. , a celebrated actress still alive, were called into Coun cil ; six weeks were spent in prepare, tion, during which time about four thousand letters were despatched, all under various pretences, inviting the several recipients to call on a certain day at the house ol a Mrs. Tottenham, a lady of property, residing at No. 54, Berner's-strcct, and who had, on some account, fallen under the displeasure of this formidable trio. "Scarce had the eventful niornin began to break, ere the neighbourhood resounded with the cries of ' sweep, uttered in every variety of tone, and proceeding front crowds of sooty urchins and their masters, who had as sembled about five o'clock beneath the windows of the devoted No. 54. In the midst of the wrangling of the rival professors, and protestations of the re- ! pudinting housemaid, heavy waggons laden with chaldrons of coals from the different wharves, came rumbling up the street, blockading the thorougnfare, impeding one another, crushing and struggling to reach the same goal, amid a hurricane of imprecations from the respective condnctrurs. Now among the gathering crowd, cleanly, cook-like men were to be seen, cautiously making their way, eaclt with a massive wedding cake under his arm; tailors, boot makers, unholders, undertakers with Collins, dray-men with beer-barrels, tee., succeeded in shonls, nnd lonj before the cumbrous coal-waggons were enabled to move off, nbout n dozen travelling chariots nnd four, all ready for the re ception of ns many 'happy pairs,' came dashing up to the spot. Medical men with instruments for the amputation of limbs, attorneys prepared to cut off en tails, clergymen summoned to minister to the mind, nnd artists engaged to pourtrny the faturcs of the hotly, unable to draw near in vehicles, plunged man fully into the mob. Noon came, and with it nbout fifty fishmongers, hearing forty 'cod nnd lobsters,' as many butch ers, with an equal number of legs of mntfiin niitl ns tho rn ilnuinn vtvwhotl its height, and the uproar became terri fic, and the consternation of the poor old lady grew to he bordering on tem- I porary insanity, up drove the great Lord I Mayor himself— stntc carriage, cocked hats, silk stockings, brig wfcigs nnd all. I to the intense gratification of Hook and j his two associates, who snugly cnscon- i ced in an apartment opposite, were wit- nessing the triumph of their scheme. | " All this, perhaps, was compsra. tively common-place, and within the range of a midincre 1 joker of juices. ' There were features, however, in the llerners-street hoax, independently of its originality, which distinguished il \- for wit and mcchaneete, far above any 1 of the numberless imitations to which it gave rise. Every family it is said, has its secret, some point tender to the touching some circumstance desirable to be suppressed ; according to the pro verb ' there is a skeleton in every house and, as a matter of ceurse, the more eminent and conspicuous the master ot the house, lite more busy are men's tongues with his private affairs, and the more likely are they to get scent of any concealed subject of aonoyatice. Com pletely familiar wit h London gossip, and by no means scrupulous in the use of any information he nvghl possess, Hook addressed a variety of persons of consideration, taking care to introduce allusion to some peculiar point sure of attracting attention, and invariably clos ing with an invitation to No54,Beinrrs street. Ceitain <evt|aiiotis to be made respecting a complicated sytem ftaud pursued at the Bank ot England, btuught the enve nor of that eslab'i-h- ment, a similar device Was employed tn sllure the Chanman of the Fa-l India Comp -ny, while the Dnka nf Gloucester starird oil" with his equerry to receive a communication front a dying woman, forme iy n confidential attendant on his royal highnesa's mother. His were the royal liveries conspicuous on the occa sion, the Duke of Ynrk was not, we have reason to believe, ineludetl iu the hotx Hie consequences of this affair threatened to lie serious, many of the beguiled tr-idrsmen and others, who had suffered in person or in purse, took active measures towards bringing i he charge home to the principnl offender, who was pretty generally, suspected. Sit It, however, was the preeatiti-ui that bad been observ.d, that the attempt proved fruitless, and the inqui'y fell to the. ground, and Theodore Hook, after a temporary visit to the countxy, returned uniHol-sifd, and mure famous than ever, to his usual or cupalion " Hook was about 21, when his fisrt novel uppeare i, " I'he Man of Sorrow," which was fir-t unsuccessful on i'-s ori ginal publication, but reproduced in a condeii-ed form in ''Sitings and Doings." Hcving become on tne same night with S eridtn, a member of the " Eccentrics,'' Hook obtained an aris- tocrjiiv connection. Considerable por tion of this biography is taken up wi'h an account of Mr Hook's acquaintance with the Rev. Edtva'd Carman, the Prince Regent's chaplain, a m tn after his own heart, and wlt-.se aUveciuies are too like his own to need to detain us here. Whether or m t, by means nl such patronage Ho >k obtained in 1812 lite post worth £'2,000 per annum, of a-'coun ant g--iiir.il ami trrasurer at ill- Mauritius ; wliicn place lie visited at the end ot the following year. A duel there made his position uncnni- o tab e. The audit of his accounts also produced an unsati.fact. ry re sult — a re-tilt, however, in which there is no doubt Hook was more sinned against that sinning, one Allan (a man black in nature as in hue) b.-ing the real delinquent. An extent, however, was issued against Hook's property, and inconvenienced him to the day of his death. On his return tu England, Hook resorted to literal ure and politics as the means of subsistence. In 1820 the John Bull newspaper was estab lished, with the specific object of extin guishing the Branderburg House party, and proved to be " i he mo. I formidable anlagonisi thai had as yet entered the lists against the Queen." Hook's editorship was kept a secret — a nomi nal editor bring appointed as a " legal lightning conductor." Of the kind of lampooning on which it lived, no record is here needed. Famous and formidable in its day it wa. ; but nut having been devoted to the cause of humanity, its praise is unrecorded even in its epiiaph. As a writer of squibs, Hook was, perhaps unrivalled ; and as a novelist, I'is merit was g<eat enough to procure fur him large remuneiatiun. But im providence ruined him at the height of his success. His mode of life was confessedly of the most exhausting na- ture. The posthumous works, which compose the second volume of the pre sent publication, are of various degrees of merit ; some capital : but all of merely temporary interest. They will hereafter be referred to as curiosities, and as throning light on political life and personal manners ; hut for their author they will command no rererenre. The render's feelings will be constantly divided between admiration and com passion, 