HOBART TOWN POLICE. Patrick Finn was charged wilh absconding from (be service of Mr fiodger, of the lllack bnalre and remaining at l»rge until apprehended- He was remanded until*uesduy to make tbe necessarv inquiries. Tim Ifonler wade his appearance in ihoofficn accompanied by histwochildren, and demanded time for the payment of his line. Ills Worship replied that he had had tiaie enough, and imnie. diate payment had been ordered. If ji wa> nor paid a disireei warrant would he issued " Well," said fiat, 1 have no goods, for theie IS a distruint lot rem in the house," •• Very well," said his Worship, « you must Ko to gaol, if you do not paj." •• Oh." replied Tim, with ibe air of one whoso mind was made up for tbo worst, "1 em ready to go to gaol —I demand 10 go (0 gaol-1 shs nt pay lhe fine— and I cull upon you lo proieet my two children ;" and uueriDg ibcie sentences, 1 no was pu( oat of the office; end "Stalked off reluctant Like en ill used ghost." Jessie Fiulater. charged wilh assault on a omen who was near her confinement, by which her life was seriously endangered, was remanded until Friday. She wished for bail, but bis Worship refused, until (be woman was pronounced by her medical attendant to be out of danger. James Chapman, charged wiib absconding, was remanded until Tuesday lor evidence. A ticket of leave pin, charged with being absent from his anthorlsed place of residence, was remanded, to inquire where he bad been at work daring bis obsenco. Mary Harper, a very old and familiar f«e st the Police OtBoe, was charged with beingdrunlc. Sbe pleaded guilty, end was ordered to 0011- trilmte 5s (0 the revenue of tbe colony. WilliamSavage, druuk end incapable of taking oare of himself was ordered lo pay 5s for bis lodging in the watchbouse. James Harrow was charged wilh disturbing tlie peace, aud resistiog Constable Kelley in tbe execution of bis duty. The constable staled that he was proceeding down Collins street about IS o'clock on Saturday night.and at the corner of the Old Maiket Place he saw the defendant kicking al a door and trying to burst it open with hiB shoulder. He told him to desist, and not make such a noise, and defendant said it was no business of bis, and Blill kioked. He (hen took him into custody for disturbing lhe peace. Tbe defendant resisted, and tripped bias up, aad another con. stable came np and he was then taken to tbe watchbouse. Constable Wbitehouse said he was in MacquBrie street when he heard the nuisu. Proceeding 10 tbe spot, he there found Kelly end defendant on the ground struggling. He helped lo take him to tbe watchbouse, and after resisting s iiltle he went quietly. The two constables were ingeniously cross examined by lhe defendant, bul be coaid not make ibem vary ihcir tales In defence. Barrow said (hat he could not open the door with tbe key, end was koocking his wife up. when tbe constable appeared. He left the door, aud was going round to iLe back, when the consiable collared him and took him in charge. A man named George Wilson aaid he left defendant about 13 o'clock, end went heme, end as he crossed tbe Jllarkei Place ho saw two constables Dome down Macquarie atreet end follow delendsnt. He heare no noise after be left him Another wit • ness named Harrington aaid be saw two snen come down Macquarie street, but conld not (ell if ibey were constables; only one of tbem followed defendant. He did not bear anf noise ea be WBB crossing tbe Market Place. Tbe Police Magistrate said tbeir evidence was not inconsistent witb the constables', for tbe disturb • ance might not have taken place till after ihe tiro witnessess had got home. He mast pay a fine of 5s for disturbing the pesoe, end for resisting tbe constables, and pay it immediately. 