DOMESTIC GAZETTE. The CITIZEN LISTS. — The Mayor has appointed Mr.Ballingall to frame the citizen lists for Bourke and Lonsdale Ward, and Mr. O'Farrell to frame the lists for Gipps and La Trobe Wards. I Tn Cafe or Ma Saoas. — The follow ing is reported as tbe (roe statement by the Rev Dr. Smyth of this case: — Mr. Shore was for fifteeo years an ordained minister of the Church of England. He wxs curate of Berry Panerey, when tbe Bishop of Exeter entered upon his diocese in the year 1830\. Mr. Shore discharged lbe duties of hit curacy for two years thereafter, having beca transferred to a chapel in the same parish, erected bv the Doke of Somerset, 1 which, however, aflboogh licensed according to tbe doe eceiesuitical order, was never consecrated or formally and exclusively set apart to refigitai worship, in connection with tbe Cburch of England. The other vicar of tbe parish, Mr. Edwards, nominated Mr. Shore to his new living, and be com menced his doties with the fall sanction of tbe tttsnop. in 1834, Mr. Edwards died, ad was succeeded by Mr. Brown ; aud Mr. Shore continurd minister of the same ehapel till the year 1843. That was a j memorable year for Mr. Shore, and for | many others : swell at bim. Many of us l have good reason to remember it Bot let . that pass. In tho year 1843; Mr Brown, j the vicar, gave way to Mr. Cousins, who exchanged planes with him. And then tha B«bop Informed Mr. Shore, for the first time, that he mast be nominated anew by the vicar who had just been appointed, in orde to bis couliDaet! terrices. Immediately after the appointment of Mr. Cousins, Mr. Shore was declared no longer officiating minister of tbe chapel at Bridgetown. Aod I am eorry to add, that lo this part of the history, the Bishop of Exeter teems to have acted in m way that is not very credi table to his Cbriftiin Snleirritv. In a letter : addressed to Mr. Shore, he lays tbe odium . of ejecting hits at (he door of the new vicar, although it is confessed tbe rieir was acting under tbe direct authority of the Rishop io j that transaction, and simply fulfilling his pleasure. I shall not dwell on these pro- I coedin gS- Suffice it to notice briefly what | afterwards took place. Mr. Shore was commanded to desist from preaching In the pariah of Berry Panerey. The chapel io which be had officiated for nine years was | shut. The vicar did not nominate a rue- i cessor for this plain reason, that tbe chapel ! belonged to the Duke of Somerset ; and (hit nobleman came to Mr. Shore's rescue ia the dark and cloudy day. He stood in j the breach — resolved that he would protect, j as far as possible, an injured servant of the i Lord Jif us Christ Mr. Shore naturally | enough felt that a syatem which permitted such proceedings was lo uy I he leat of it, no! lilllc vulnerable. He exroained bis new and most trying position. He felt that it was one which his Great Master did not approve ; that he was bound to fulfil his hiph commission to preach the gospel to every : creatnre, whether men would heir, or whe ther tbey would forbear. That duty he could no longer fulfil without let or hin drance within tbe Church of England. He therefore ceased to be a minister of that CTrirrh, and beeamr a Nonconformist, de- daring all the word of this life aa God gave him opportunity. The chapel in which he bad laboured was duly registered as a Protestant Dissenting chanel under tbe authority of the proprietor. Air. Shore, in the course of a fnrtnlcht afterwards, was dulv registered ai a Nonconformim minuter. hiring signed the terms demanded by the Act of Toleration. In Ignorance, probably, of the technical rules laid down by the canon-law, he bad preachod for a Sabbath or two on his own responsibility, before he bad formally receded from the Es'abliahed Church. That very pardonable offence was laid hold of ox proringhis diaobedienoo to ! ecclesiastical authority. It was a mistake, and as sucMtwox speedily rectified. I refer to it, not on account of any intrinsic impor tance which it pnes reaps, bot as a part of tbe ewe, and (hat tla whole bearings may be fully understood. We htre then, at this stage, Mr. Shore a duly registered Noncon formist minister, rejoicing, even amidst tribulation, that he had been counted worthy to suffer for Christ's name' sake Would not any man have Imagined that even within the diocese of Exeter, Mr. Shore was »t liberty to prrach the gospel of the grace of God — to proclaim his l/iiine Master's will tn all who were disposed lo hear it from his lips 7 How passingstrance that his seces sion from tho Church of England — occa- sionrd hy no fault ever Imputed to htm do heresy in doctrine — no immorality in life — nothing that the most lynx-eyed enmity could have delected as evil— should have been milcd with pains and penalties ! Yot, so It wa. This ejected minister it admon ished by the Bishop in regard to his breach of order In preachiDg without a liocnse. He appeals from a jurisdiction which he had conscientiously njected, after hphad formally protested against it rijjlit to sit in judgment on .hi cae. The next step was a citation of Mr. Shnrn hfnr ihn rt ipaliau (here he appeared, protesting anew against the right thus to deal by him. He was cast in thai cnurt, aud enjoined to pay all coils. Hp carried hi rase according to the Court of Queen's Bench, end there again lie must soffer for Ms change of views. According to the decision of thn preciding Judf e, Mr. Shore could not oeaar lo be a clergyman of the Church of England, having promised canonical subjection, at his ordina tion, to his ecclesiastical superiors. Read the law. As his last resort, he gors to the judicial committee of Privy Council, wuu ream Air. ignore to lOe court from which he had taken liia appeal, and bill is brought against hira for blshopi costs. It is not deemed sufficient lhat ha should de fray all his own coela. Those he is, willing to pay ; n»yf has paid, to the uttermost farthing. Rot be rauL also pay the costs of the very man who has been lbe main, and, Id one sense, tho sole agrnt of all his suffer ings and privations. And m-re than this — suppose that Mr. Shore had felt it hiaduty, and had possessed the revenue which ha'd enabled him to meet these heavy demand, he is even after 11 obnoxious to pain and penalties, to impriionmpnt ai a felon, fo daring lo preach the gospel of Christ con trary to the commands of tbe Bishop of Exeter. It Is a complete misconception of the merits of this case to say that Mr. 6horo is a t offerer merely from contempt of any court, civil or ecolesiastioaL In strict legal form he tnay be regarded as a priaooer io Exeter GmolbecaaoM of hia non payment of coats in a suit between hlmtelr and his former Bishop. This b u very oonrenienl mode of diauls ng the actual condition of things. Bot such shallow and inslduoui explanations will not satisfy any roan who is determined to look at the case in all IU length and breadth Is it not plain iqe npsnsoa front or Mr. Shore i offending ts hia presaming to ; minister in holy things in defiance of tbe Bbhop of Exeter ? Why, air, but for this, there would be no case before us thla'even- ing. Hsd Mr. Shore tamely oooaented to keep silence, Instead of exercising the func tions of tbe Christian minUriby, -tie woald have escaped all costs, and wpuld not have been confined tMi ernnlng within the walla | of a prison. He might have had liberty, bo far u tiu person was conoerned.but he would I have been released the ennobling distinc tion of bring tbe prisoner of Jeans Christ a brother of tribulation with many of those who esteemed the approach of Qhriat greater riches than all the treasured In Our afflicted friend poaoessei one mark of ftpoitoticti neoNriooj whlob the Bishop of' Ex!cr, —ho is so xp&loos; an adrocita of - thol doctriop. — oold do tc-11 to ponder, lie is following up. sir, that which ii he- j liered of tho coffering of/ Chrimt, a ft goonine successor of Paul the prisoner, and of man? other of 4hit greal clood of wit nwn, like-minded with Paul In his memor able experience, When he could thm appeal to the elder of the chnKb of Epheras— ' " And now, behold 1 go bonnd In the tpli-U unto Jerusalem, not knowing tbiogs that shall befall me there ; sarethit Hoi? Ghost, which wiinrereth in trtn citj, tan that effiietioaa abide me." I ecrj neither Lhe heart uor the heed of that man «rho,to conciliate ears polite, would hesitate to expresa pobtieW in the word ofhii motion hia just indignation and abhorrence oT tbe intolerant and cruel proceeding! whereby Mr. Shore ia at this moment a prisoner In Exeter Gael. Siaairoax. — The following U mn extract from a tetter from Captain Goer, of tbt Candahar, dated Singapore, May '28th, 1848 : — u I am loading for England, and hope to all about the 10th of June. Times are rtrj bad all orer India. I am loading at a ruinous rate, freight 31. to 31. 10. per ton. and glad to get it. China U al a stand still ; ships are coming down here daily, seekiog freight. I called at Satavia On my way np, and that ia worse than this, freights 31. forth continent. I rovsded the Lewln on the 1 3th diy from thii, and might hare pulled a jolly-boat all the war round. Turn din afterwards, we rolled our top- gallant mast orer the side, through baring lo encounter a rcry heavy westerly i a. At the same time, ten degrees to (he norttiwaro or us, it wai mowing a tremen dous hnrricane. Sereral resselt were dis masted, and others suffered more or led da mage." Muaoca! — A brutal murder waa com mitted in a bouse or (tilling, situated io a miserable Court in Rarruclc -street, a little above the Peacock Inn. The unfortunate deceased is a shoemaker by trade, named John Gosling, and was formcrlr in the employ of Mr. Sly, the bootmaker, of Eliaa- beth-st reel, ih whose service he became free about nine months ago. James Allan and Eleanor hia wire. Alary Donovan, and Janet Milne, are in custody, awaiting the result of the coroner's inquest, which commenced on Monday, at the Help me tbroogh the World, public bouse, in Liverpool -at reel . The deceased was found wiih his feet towards lhe fire- place, and his head lying towards a chest, igaiust which in falling he hid appa rently strurk, with a deep Kit, iD the right side ef the throat penetrating downwards. He was covered wiih a number of filihy raga, which were removed be Dr. Seceomb, on Monday. On farther examination several old wounds were found, the right elbow was much bruised, ihrre was a recent slab at the back of the neck, and another wound in ihp back between the shoulder-blades. The shirt el lhe deceased which was torn in all direction?, exhibited corresponding1 cuts to tile wounds atrejdy described, besides other cridenees thai n murderous conflict had taken place. We refrain from oilier par ticulars until the terminal ion of the coroui r'a inquiry. — //. T. Courier. the veib 1 849. 1849th year of Christ. -iiUMth utter the Creation of the world, ac cording to Scaliger'a compulation : hut the 1 ' 5853rd year, according to TTascrius. it is tub 85flt>jid of the Julian period. 2825th year of the Olympiad. 2002nd year of the building or Rome. 5010th year of the Jewish eompntatipn, which begins with the 17th September. 1205th year after 1 lie Hegirs. 7357th year according to the modern Greek dlrndar. 783rd year of the Norman line Jn England. 695th year sinoetho Conquest of Ireland by England. 685th year of the Piantagenet line. 450fh year oT the line of .ancestor. 388th year of the line of York. 3f>4lh year of tbe line of 1'odnr. 322nd year sincetheReformationof Luther. 224ih year of tbe Stuart line. 135ih year |ince tbB accession of the flouai of Brunswick. 13ihycarof our Sovereign Queen Viu- toria. Suoan Growtivo. — Onr reader, will have noticed a number of letters on the growth of sugar, which have been published in (lie Herald within the last three months, mere particularly some bearing (be signatnro of Mr. T. Bowdcn, which have appeared du. ring the last and present weeks. Sereral gentlemen, who were convinced -by Mr. Bowden's arguments that the growth of sugar at Moreton Bsy would be productive of immense benefit to tbe colony, and re- run, w i air rate at pront on the oapital In vested, met yesterday at the Srdney Ala- rine Insurance Office, and after hearing Mr Bowden's statement on matters of detail, Ihoy signed e paper expreiug their willing, noaa to take shares in a company for grow ing sugar at Moreton Bay, with a capital of £5,000, in 101. shares, prorided 'the share holders are guaranteed against any risk be yond tbe amount for which Ihey are sub scribers. According to Mr. Bowdrn's statement, an estate of two hundred acres may be worked for about 4,0001 , inclnfyY'.T, the cost of machinery. One hundred shsfrs. were subsoribed for yesterday Sydney Aforni'np Herald. Zootoor— The fomilo giraffe. Imported by the Zoological Society in 1B30, produced her finis male fawn on 12tb February, The event occurred at the aooiety's menagerie, end is a prooi of the extraordinary tnccoss attending the experiment of acclimatising ao enlirely Irppicul an animal Tho mother waa captured In Dongolsh, in April, 1835, by Af.Toiband, «M transported with three males from Warli Aira,to Cairo, Alexandria, and Malta, and arrived at the gardens, Recwnt's Park, in Mar. 1H3/1 A ,t,r.i..r the mother and fawn, made by Mr. G. fiSndteer/appeara in the JUtui rated London Keat. Suicide.—' Tho polloo returned from Kan garoo Island yesterday.' after having com. pleted their enquiries relative te the mysterious death of the late Air. Charles Olliver. We arc happy to state that ther la So foundation for the supposition thit he was murdered. The melancholy act, It is said, must hive been committed by Mr. Oliver himself, whop io a elate or mentai derangement. He had been In very low spirits, and in a desponding condition, for ivltlm a wh!n ai aaj it.r is s _.s fnhAt uoiotb nil a earn. South Auttralian GazetU. CArriin SrusT. — This gallant gentleman has again returned to South Australia. EcuriE or tub Moor.— A partial eeUpse of the moon took place on Monday morning, and was distinctly visible in Melbourne. The Libel Rtoxn is AhsLatoc.— We pmrielve there art no fewer than nine libel aollMit 10 be tried in Adelaide next term— Walker. -Walker e. Allan.— Fisher. Flaher.— Stevenson o. Hnrray.-KUngonder, n. linger der. — Torrens , Stevenson— KUhBT. Stephen — Stephen Stevenson.— Wolher- ' apoou. Ridpalh — Thn Same c. die Same.— Ditto. Stephen.— The Same «. Qhaaban. —Klin, gender. Jsmea.— Yonnghpsband t.GOlea.— Ditto. Ditto. — The Samj v. Moreton.— Ditto. Curious Evewt.— A singular ev»M currod to Ibo portion of the fimti. , Charles Fiis Roy, who came ont I ® Lady Clarke, when that vessel wat I., ? laide, and la thus stated In the So-Vl troiiaa :— The horse Ortalt, waif the properly of Sir Charles Fj(r rT 11 die of the team through irhout i his lamented lady and Ueolenant met to nn timely a fate. A aluguWj melancholy conlretempt lately Oo?nrrLi1 relation to this animal during the H Z-tfy Clarke In tbl. port." dptM Boy hsppening to see him in a atahl. . 11 ' m rh1 th'7 '-Him n which, being ignorant of the qualii, ITlJ questioner, the man replied— "Ok iftH him Lodf -kSHer, "eoa he' oce oihln killed Led, Fill Roy." Tt» sou at thn abrupt and Tasini! „f i. J "1 his mother's Imagined than described. vtrH Tea Fwops+LTbe -heavy- fay a. J with which wa were vUtrd on thawL-1 of Friday Uxt, tha river Yarn- .The thaw comarjLj at absot eleven or twelre on river rising rapidly until th, fcut-jH b, which Mm? overflowed iLi banks, and crasled k either side, criy a. high a s we tIZu'1 ever to bare «wu It brW of the houses and buts ort the southajN the Yarr. wers rw many of the osfortnnale oocup»It.;' l tn evacuate them ahnmt at a mom fj notice carrying with them Such ihsir propwty as they could mvaqvl whole of the wharf was covered wiiV —' j nu " "»J»«mOl«-to reach the oSIl Hr. "f"' Pdlms ad£J unless by the assniance of a boat Tkl water rose lo within a foot of the iJi tbe wooden bridge, and al cue tlm,.!?!.! feared that that struotnre would be r-Jjl vd impassable, If not entirely swepiTl by the current. A great guantlty of wlj perlv has been destroyed by this much distress occasioned to mjn. 'YJ persons in consequence. SeveralofihJ sufferer, have been engaged Tor ih, J1 few day. in recovering portions of tLJ properly, and preventing further d.w— 1 in the interior, the snow bad falb- „ .iA depth or from 13 to 18 locbm'l'l tree, were borne to the ground bv2l weight of it i the road, weragendwed l»I passable, and (he river, curat extent — The Sydnry mail J come la it night, having been detained! the Ovens, whioh ts eery Brack flooded Tkl road, between the Ovcna end MvUxmrrJ are very hearjr. wwb A Nkit or Tmcng.Veiiji.. I ing William SnlU$|welI kuoS racter, wa. bronghttojre hb WorahiptJ .Mayor aud Meant WeKby and SraiLhl insticev of the peaot on i charge ofhci bounng aaet of Ihlewda and rognei, f»r ij uniawuil pnrpuee of gambliag, Ac i0 |j| premiso. In Flindm-lane. Sergeant AAtX of the detective police, accompanied b» 3 assiK.uia, tSartwrigbt, Aleoii aod Johw J psid an uuexpected visit to the pmo'uv, 3 Sullivan, on Tuesday lut.lhe 2&h; eltls3 At i kls time tliere were congregated J ihisVcndpivouioTlnfismv. hetwren 30 as3 40 of the roost notable ihierg and bad XI ractrrs uboot the environs oT MvlbonnJ The scens of thb ataemhly was a back ootl house or stable, having a table Iu the oentj for thp nccommodatlon of card plavsrs, 1,1 aud Sullivan seemed to think hy thidreas.1 .lance of ita bring a detached building fraJ hi. dwel hog hoiue, it could not inmiln,i,l him at the householder, whaler unlaSdl purposes the premises were devoted to! Amorgit Others, Alay, M'Oormack au3 Rirkbcy, three a-ell known thieves, weri ohserrcd to be piesrot. On Adiley rem.rkl ing " there la a fine art of yon, 1 shall brivj you all before the police," SuIUvan ranliS " WiU you though, I think yoo svootml have no right to come bore/' Hi. WotsUJ esked Sergeant Adiley if there wa. a feu or any division between thia shed and t3 dwelling house of SullivaoAod waa tdd thw wu none, hut a feoue eocloaed the whal. j or the promisea in oue epot. Mr. J. Stepb thought i here was no case made but of he bounug bad choraotera In a dwelling hemJ inch as the Act requires to oomtitale aJ ouenpe ; there waa merely an aasaeiblul of different persons for the purpoe. J amusing themselres by playing akittiu or any Other iasful game In th the drive dsnte'yard. John John Hon, staled— th«J he went on th« day in question to (bt tgv mites of Sulliven, and tharesawfrom 30 J 40 men engaged gambling, Jib., havisj some of tho worst oharacier in th leva amongst them. They were playing at card on a labia in tfae centre of the shed, aud ht form, placed around it for their aocoamodsl Hon. Sullivan was aittiog or stooping ialhJ centre cf the mob t and utoiw f. li observed th. drtectlro make their spoor ance huacrambled up the money fromnfl thetablr. The bench eentenoed SnUlyanUj on. months . imprisonment bet oa tkl solicitor representing that he eboold sppeia from this decision ,- ho wa, ellowed to iral ial bail, himself in £60, and two taretln.ia| £25 each, to carry the case to snpariarj Court. I Liour House.— The Harbour Idastavatl William. Town hat handed round thxfoUoc-l ' ing eleven qyerie. to maater. oif veil ell, sad flAhe seafaring meo.iu order to avrivt itl a correct opinion as to the beat sjtafw al aeoond Ugiit House: v. | lit. I. tira eiiuition oftheprvwect Ufkt-| house on Shortisud't Bluff of eeniMte vessels as a coin most, avbpoduf ttl powers be very muoh increased 'u 2nd. Would a Light on Point Lotadd> be of very muoh greater aervioe to ietnd» generally T 3rd. If proper bare be taken vessel ooming round Caps Otwsy, Vttlll there be much chance of ho- gtt'jf bayed ao aa nut to make the Light iadM present poiiUon JT 4th. Under similar care, would ' thera'Atl any danger tor vesaels coming frnei'4tll eastward getting into the Uape flcksUfli- bight, which would bo obviated by tUFtfatl Lonsdale Light f . , 6tb. With proper care ;and laeiulilkfjR would a proper IJghl on SboHiaad'ai - be sufficient for all rnrpnam f t . y .'i-w CQi. Bnpposlng a powarful Light nlMfdl on Point Lonsdale alone j woulATl 4URH|| ' SnneraUr, or ever he safe for roaell to Mttfl the Heads at night f , .:X ' 7th. Supposing the abort Light Md | email floeiingUght ' on lhe' Poteh Cytil would It be safe ? , ' 8th. 8nppoiing the above UghTwd)- 1 li(hed,do you consider the dreSeot'cte bra floating Light on the Pope'e Eye would Ee of use ' for ehippbg- «ntar)dji&' <; riaadt f „ Soppoetng two Ugbu to be eitai- Ushed, dojou oonaiiler that.iit would ih«e a be safe at all times, or even generally U enter the Read, atulgfat f ' / H; ' 10th. Frum your exphrionoo cfcytbe t(4» r i and trader, of thla port, do y M OffnWerthri u the number iff rcgeeia Mrraoked tn Attenudb# ,-j tp enter during the night would beluisW i . or dimlaiihedr i. ' -V'' . lith. What lrbuld ba tbe adnuhiii4 .- any, of a good Light an Qua tSehaattpt the trade generally both fe-om cast and i soppodng Ught of aqualpdwefwfth 1 Rto be pithed iu prectMitiMtt> A Shetland's Bluff ? ; T-TTl- r ,t vLiffc; f /-HP. V f v ArraiNiMEKrs — U!s t Excellrncy (ho lJIeSpn'nt''(0'!rnhr I'bs beten 'pleased to appoint Alexander Tolmer, Esq., to bo odo olW. JJ'jf'i''" -O'lcos Pr 'I1® Peace for protlnoe of ScTath Austro1li, from tliis dato;l«V. !' Uasliwood, lisq . , to be Stipendiary Magistrate at Port Adelaide ; . jjjo, Arthur FJlialisq.. tobo Clerk to dlflo at ailtq i ,-Aiexatiper Tolmer, Esq , to fill temporarily the office of Commissioner of PjtljQe /qd Police Magistrals | also, Captain (iarlrs Berkeley! temporarily to act as gHilor. Inipeotor of Police, sum Toltper, '.'trroporarilj ' promoted ; also, Handssyde Dnnesn, JJiq.,M.u„,to no. iieatuj untcer v -lJ. l..Lt»nt rVOnnlal SuPfrnnn aft Pap S, A,$grofU Yesterday tnarrilnpr, " -wsB Wllpdoh to answer at . 'tttfifipjpftfla tjourtfof fbriodsly tiding on the fdpbrttio'EHfkbelh.fitreet on Tues- Tbft defendant hot ap- 'When called opoti, the case was prcvoJ in htft abaenco. BeKfeanttteffernah Sf the oity polk force, twore (hat he had jeeo d dofendiut on horseback on Tuesday f?epinfcjftt| ridin in a furioni msnneroff And on me puuiio paijiway in biseanetn. ; street ; «ij4 ftheb questioned about it, he ald bit twne wis Jonea, and (list he was '|o be-footid t $lr. nofiaian'a tho butcher. |Ha"Woralrlp the Major iufiioted & fine of , 40s. and fo. fld. costs. 