ORIGINAL LITERATURE. ODES OF ANACREON. Translated from the original Greek. ODE IV. ON HIMSELF. On tender myrtles, (a) soft reclining, Whose verdant leaves are brightly shining; Where the fragrant lotus, (b) spreading, All around is sweetness shedding; (c) There let me first the nectar sip Giving the pledge with glowing lip. (d) Let Cupid, the papyrus winding 'Round his neck, the tunic binding, In his hand the goblet bearing; Minister the wine all-cheering! Quickly moments, onward rolling, Pass, beyond the world's controlling; As the chariot's proud array, Swiftly rolls our life away! (e) Then will dust alone be left us,-- Death, of all beside, have 'reft us; All our bones, (f) in dissolution, Bring us to this sad conclusion. When a shade and dust become, What boots it, to anoint my tomb? (g) Cease libations, generous hearted, To a shadowy ghost departed! Rosy crowns my brow surrounding, Fragrant unguents now abounding, While alive, would joyful prove-- And--call the blooming maid I love! E're I leave the light of Heaven, Cupid let these joys be (h) given! Soon the bliss which now entrances, Will be exchanged for Pluto's dances; In the dismal shades below, Where disembodied spirits go. (i) Therefore to banish present care, Let mirth's full cup be NOW my share! M. B. Sandy Bay, July 7, 1849. (a) The myrtle is a shrub remarkable both for the peculiar brilliancy of its vivid green leaves, and also for the exceeding fragrancy of its foliage as well as of its blossoms. The corolla for (or flower) consists of four delicately white petals, which afford a beautiful contrast to the dark green leaves. The Hebrew name hadassch, (myrtle) bears a near resemblance to the Greek hedus (sweet): from this property probably the myrtle obtained both its Greek and Latin name murtos and myrtus--from the Greek muron (sweet ointment). An excellent writer says--"This elegant evergreen was a great favourite among the ancients, on account of the delightful perfume it emitted, as well as for its ornamental appear- ance."--Scripture Garden Walk. p. 192. The myrtle likewise was sacred to Venus, hence em- blematical of love--Venus was called Murtia or Myrtia, from presiding over myrtle; and the ldalian groves, dedicated to this goddess, were composed of myrtle. In the sacred scriptures the myrtle is made use of, as symbolical of the joy and festivity consequent upon the manifesta- tion of divine love in the Gospel dispensation. Thus the prophet says--"I will plant in the wilderness the cedar, the shittah tree and the MYRTLE."--Is. xli. 19. (b) The lotus was a most delicious herb, whose various properties were celebrated by Homer, Herodotus, and other ancient writers. Both bread and wine were plentifully obtained from this plant. The inhabitants of an extensive district were de- signated Lotophagi, i. e. Lotus-Eaters, because the lotus was their chief sustenance. Homer mentions the lotus as one of the herbs which the earth pro- duced to yield a couch to Jupiter and Juno:-- "Beneath them earth "With sudden herbage teemed; at once upsprang The crocus soft, the lotus bathed in dew, And the crisp hyacinth with clustering bells; Thick was their growth."--COWPER, Iliad XIV. (c) The ancients delighted in reposing on leaves of fragrant herbs and flowers, which afforded them a soft and pleasant couch, whilst their senses were thus regaled with agreeable odours. This custom seems to be most common to all oriental nations. (d) The custom of drinking to friends was very ancient; the person pledging used to sip the cup first himself, and then pass it to the company. Dr. Browne, a celebrated Irish divine, of the last century, and provost of the University of Dublin, his published curious remarks condemnatory of drinking healths, and of drinking in remembrance of the dead. (e) From the shortness of time, the Christian moralist learns a lesson very different from the one here deduced by the heathen poet. That oracular standard which is the guide of all the Christian's conduct, teaches him to "redeem the time," because of its transient nature; to "be sober and watch unto prayer," seeing that "the end of all things is at hand." Let us, to whom the Book of Revelation is unclosed, remember that time, which is short, is bestowed upon us, as a preparatory state for eternity, which is never ending.-- "On all-important Time, through every age, Though much and warm the wise have urged; the man Is yet unborn, who duly weighs an hour"-- YOUNG: Night Thoughts. (f) The bones are the most indestructible part of the human body; but even they will at length become nothing but dust; according to the origi- nal sentence upon fallen humanity--"dust thou art, and to dust thou shall return. --Gen. iii. Thus Anacreon's assertion that nothing will eventually remain of us bot a small heap of dust, is strictly and philosophically true. (g) It was usual among the ancients to pour sweet unguents on the tombs of their deceased friends, and crown them with chaplets of flowers. The eastern nations are at this day remarkable for the affectionate attention they bestow on their departed relatives. An interesting writer ob- serves--"The Turkish burying-ground stands on the slope of the hill, at a small distance from the town, near that of the Jews, and is encircled by a deep grove of cypress trees. No guard or shade around a cemetry can be so suitable as that of this noble tree: with its waveless and mournful foliage, it looks the very emblem of mortality. The orientals love that every thing should be sad and impressive round the abodes of their dead, which they never approach but with the deepest reverence; and they often sit for hours in their kiosques on the Bosphorus, gazing with mournful pleasure on the shores of Asia, where their fathers are laid."--Carne's Letters from the East, p. 65. (h) Carpe diem--or, "let us eat and drink for to- morrow we die," is all the solace which heathenism can afford us, upon contemplating the vanity of all sublunary enjoyments. The Christian has a "hope full of immortality," which cheers him even when he feels all his earthly pleasures one by one eluding his grasp:-- "'Tis immortality, 'tis that alone, Amid life's pains, abasements, emptiness, The soul can comfort, elevate, and fill. That only, and that amply this performs; Lifts us above life's pains, her joys above; Their terror those; and these their lustre lose!" YOUNG: Night Thoughts. The following lines, composed by a celebrated Christian writer, seem so appropriate and impor- tant, that we cannot forbear giving them here a place:-- "Live while you live: the epicure would say, And seize the fleeting pleasures of the day. Live while you live: the Christian preacher cries, And give to God each moment as it flies. Lord, in my views, let both united be, I live in pleasure while I live to Thee!" DODDRIDGE. (i) It would seem that the ancients contented themselves with an elysium in the infernal regions, assigning the heavens above them to their gods and demi- gods alone. In this, as in many other respects, Christianity has expanded our ideas, and elevated our hopes immeasurably beyond the most daring conceptions of the heathen world. The "life and immortality" of inconceivable bliss is "brought to light by the Gospel," and freely be- stowed upon the sons of men. 