OPINIONS, &C.; Brother the Rev. George Oliver, D.D., Incumbent of the Collegiate Church,, VWolverlhampton. " Freemasonry was revealed by God himself to the first man ;--placed in the garden of Eden, Adam would certainly be made acquainted with the nature of his tenure, and taught, with the worship of his Maker, that simple science of morals which is termed freemasonry. This constituted his chief employment in Paradise, and his only consolation after his un happy fall; for speculative masonry is nothing else but the philosophy of mind and morals, founded on the belief of a God, the Creator, Preserver, and Redeemer, which instructs mankind in the subli mities of science; inculcates a strict observance of the duties of social life ; inspires in the soul a venera tion for the author of its being, and incites to the pure worship of the Great Architect of the Universe " From Brother Laurie's History of Freemasonry. ' The society of freemasons model their ceremonies upon this foundation, that there is but one God who must be worshipped in spirit and in truth." From Brother Hutchinson's Spirit of Freemasonry. " Freemasonry is an order whose institutions arise on the most solemn and sacred principles of religion.', Brother the Rev. H. Inawood's Sermons on Free. masonry. " The royal order of freemasonry, however secre't from its most early foundation to the present mo ment, has nothing belonging to it but what i 'so fur from giving birth or growth to the cotnmisiion of anything inconsistent with the strictest parts of our holy religion, whether it respects our duty to God or man, that every part of it, if duly followed, has a direct tendency to enforce and to encourage the performance of every one of its most holy precepts ; and the precepts of the gospel are universally the principles of masonry." From a Manuscript in the British Museum. Harl. Col , vol. 942, professing to explain the ancient history and principles of freemasonry, the original of which is dated in the 10th century, and is aritten in Saxon, during the reign of Athelstan it commences as follows:- "The Almighty Father of Heaven, with the wisdom of the glorious Son, through the goodness of the Holy Ghost, three persons in the Godhead, be with our beginning, and give us grace so to govern our lives, that we may come to his bliss that never shall have an end. Amen. Good brethren and fellows, &c;:" From a Manuscript in the Bodleian Library, Written A. I). 1536, which is a copy of one still older, wrote by King Henry VI, about 1440. " Maconnés techédde mankynde relygyonne." From a Manuscript preserved in the Lodge of Antiquity, Written in reign of King James II, A. I). 1636. " Every man that is a mason take good heed to these charges we pray; that if a man find himself guilty of any of these charges, that he may amend himself, or principally for dread of God; the first charge is, that ye shall be true men to God and to the holy church." From an Ancient Masonic Manuscript. Written about the end of the 15th century. "' he might of the Father of Kings, with the wisdom of his glorious grace, through the grace of the goodness of the Holy Ghost, there bone three persons in one Godheade, be with us at our begining, and give us grace so to governe us here in this mortall life liveing, that we may come to his king dome that never shall have endinge." Brother the Rev. James Hur t, of Durham, 1772. " Masonry is founded on that same rock, against which, let the waves and billows of temporal perse cution ever so strongly dash. it will stand erect and secure, because thot rock is Christ." Brother the Rev. .lohn Hodgelts, of Dudley, Worcetshire. " But this is not all; the sacred writings confirm what I assert: the sublime part of our mystery being there to be found; nor can any christian brother (let me speak it distinctly) be a good mason, who does not make the aord of God his first and prin cipal study." Brother the Rev. James Wright, Maybole, Scot land, 1786. " Piety towards God. the glorious master builder of the universe; and love to mankind, are the two grand immovable pillars which support the fabric of masonry. Brother Thomas .leans, Esq., M.D., Southaml,ton. " The doctrine of freemasonry embraces all the natural, moral, and political obligations of society. It directs us to fulfil our duty to God, our Sovereign, our neighbours, and ourselves ; it inculcates rever ence, resignation, and gratitude to Him who made and preserves us, &c.;" Brother .James Macconochie, Esq. Liverpool. " We venerate and adore the Great First Cause of All, and we endeavour to exalt our views and con ceptions of the invisible Architect, from the contem. a plation of his glorious works: • To look through nature up to nature's God." Brother William Ilutchson, 1775. " In forming this society, which is at once religi ouis and civil, great regard has been given to the first knowledge of the God of nature, and that acceptable t service wherewith he is well pleased. This was the first stage on which our originals thought it expedi eat to place the foundation of masonry. They had experienced that by religion all civil ties and obliga tions were compacted, and that thence proceeded all the bonds which could unite mankind in social inter course; thence it was they laid the corner stone of the edifice on the bosom of religion " Brother Stephen Jonucs, 1796. '" The solemnity of our rites, which embracing the whole system of morality, cannot fail to include the first principles of religion, from which morality is best derived, necessarily calls our attention to the Gteat Architect of the Universe, the Creator of us all. The masonic system exhibits a stupendous and beautiful fabric founded on universal piety To rule and direct our passions; to have faith and hope in God, and charity towards marn." Brother the Rev. James Watson, Lancaster, 1794 " Masonry has the Omnipotent Architect of the Universe for the object of its adoration and imita. tion ; his great and wonderful works for its pattern and prototype; and the wisest and best of all men of all ages, nations, and languages, for its patrons and professors But though masonry primarily incul cates morals and the religion of nature, it has caught an additional spark from the light of revelation and the SUN OF RIGHTEOUSNESS. And though masonry continues to burn with subordinate lustre, it lights the human traveller on the same road; it breathes a concordant spirit of universal benevolence and brotherly love; adds one thread more to the silken cord of evangelical charity which binds man to tnan, andt crowns the cardinal virtues with CHRISTIAN graces." Brother William Preston, 1796. " Speculative masonry is so far interwoven with religion, as to lay us under the strongest obligations to pay that rational homage to the Diety, which at once constitutes our duty and happiness. It leads the contemplative to view with reverence and admi ration the glorious works of creation, and inspires them with the most exalted ideas of the perfection of the divine Creator." Brother the Rev. Jethro Inwood, Deptford, 1799. " Masonry is truly the sister of religion ; for she boasts her efficacy in all its native influence, and is continually the assistant promoter of like principles and of like actions. The central point of all her innumerable lines, squares, and circles, is the love of God. And upon this central point she builds her raith ; from it she derives her hope of glory here and hereafter; and by it she squares her conduct in strict justice and universal charity. TI'he central point of all true Christianity and of all true masonry is the love of God." " Masonry is dedicated only to the gospel. It has nothing in its institution but what both the law of Moses and of Christ will fully allow and universally sanction. To be masonic is to be truly religious in both its parts; first seeking and cherishing in our hearts the true fear of God, and then, from this principle bringing forth all the amiable fruits of righteousness, which are the praise and glory of God." Brother Alexander Laurie, 1804. " In all ages it has been the object of freemasonry not only to inform the minds of its members by instructing them in the sciences and useful arts, but to better their hearts by enforcing the precepts of religion and morality. In the course of the cere monies of initiation, brotherly love. loyalty, and other virtues are inculcated in hieroglyphic symbols, and the candidate is often reminded that there is an eye above which observeth the .workings of his heart, and is ever fixed upon the thoughts and actions of men." Earl of Moirs, 1813. " You ought to feel the incalculable benefit which the serious objects of masonry must derive from this public display of the sentiment of royalty towards the brotherhood ; this avowal from so many of those immediately connected with the throne, that they make common cause with your welfare and your affections.' Let us carry this thought further. Let us exult in the advantage which may ensue to every class in Britain from the circumstance that these elevated individuals could not have been present here. had they not previously received all those solemn inculcations which masonry endeavours to dispose the heart of each of the initiated to promote the comfort of his fellow ... . T.hey share with us in thie glowing confidence that the beneficence of a superintending Father perpetually shields us. ''They participate with us in that stire hope of tihe future, which makes our present existence appear buta speck in the immensity of our immortal herit age. They are assimilated to us it all the generous affections of that charity-which tells us that kindness to all must be the oblation most acceptable to Him who, in creating all, could:have no motive but their happiness." H. R. H. the Duke of Sussex, 1813. "Masonry is one of the most sublime and perfect institutions that ever was formned for the advance ment of happiness and general good to mankind; creating, in all its varieties, universal benevolence and brotherly love. It holds out allurements so captivating, as to inspire the brotherhlond with emua lation to deeds of glory, such as must commanad, Sthroughrout the world, veneration and applause; and such as must entitle those who perform them to dignity and respect. It teaches us those useful, wise, and ins:ructive doctrines, upon which alone true happiness is founded; and at the same time affords those easy paths, by which we attain the rewards of virtue ; it teaches us the duties which we Sowe to our nIeighbour, never to injure him in ainy one situation. but to conduct ourselves with justice and impartiality ; it bids us not to divulge the mys tery to the pIublic ; and it orders us to be true to our trust, to be above all meanness and dissimulation; and in all our avocations to perform religiously that which we ought to do." EncyclopeEdia Britlannica, 1814. " The structure of the lodge is a pattern of the universe ; and the first entry of a mason represents the first worship of the true God." From an Anonymous Pumplrite printed in 1804 " Masonry annihilates all parties, conciliates all private opinions, and renders those. whvlo, by their Almighty Father, were made of one blood, to be also of ope heart and one mind; brethren bound, firmly bound together by that i)dissoluble tie, the love of their God, and the love of their kind." Brother the Rev. Frederick IV. Freeman, ill. A. Curate qlf Hungley, 1849. " The science of freemasonry is best calculated truly to improve the soul. Here the several parts of all human learning take their proper offices, and constitute as they ever ought the true handmaids of religion ; for it is only then they can ever be truly ornamental. For better is the lowest depth of igno rance accompanied with the sincerity of religion, than the highest acquirements of any huma!p science, which produces that most unnatural of all produc tions, a carelessness of the soul's best interests that is, the knowledge of God, and his Son Jesus Christ our Lord. * *a* * " * * This as a minister of God, I declare is true religion ; this I declare as a mason, is the prin ciple of all true and undisguised masonry, and the conduct of every true mason ! Ard this I advise, as a brother, and as a friend to all-go and do thou likewise, and as ye have opportunity do good unto all men." Brother the Rev. J. O. DakeUne, M.A. IVolver. hampton, 1847. " I would only say that the principles upon which freemasonry is founded, thus uprising-thus increas. ing-thus working-and thus flourishing, can boldly appeal to antiquity to prove the order to be no new thing-to the long roll of history to prove it to be no vain thing -and to present experience and feelings. to prove it to be a good thing! * "* ?* A true and single hearted freemason, searching honestly for truth, must become an humble homage bearer to the mercy seat of Jesus Christ I Brother the Rev. Edward Pole; A.M.,Devon, 1841. '' The principles by which all the masons in the world were cemented, were brotherly love, relief, and truth. By the exercise of brotherly love, they were taught a mutual dependence on each other, and to bear an open hand and heart towards all ranks and conditions of men, thus making an acknowledgment of that Parent Stock from,whence all nations of the world originally sprung. The second grand princi ple of the masonic order was a plant of heaven. sprung seed, sown by brotherly love, and watered by the tear of sympathy-an obligation to cheer the or phan, to relieve the widow-an obligation that would soothe the hour of sickness, and give them consola tion in the moment of dissolution," &c.; Brother the Rev. Thas. Eyre Poole, A.DM., of Oxon. " The only true tests by which, as masons, we, should most rigorously prove ourselves, whose.whole systeri' in all its machinery, speculative or.operative, inculcate the belief in, and worship of, one true:and Omnipotent God, in Htis threefold characters of Father, Son. and Holy Ghost; insists upon our en tire trust in Him; and most solemnly directs us to prove our faith and sincerity by the improvement of our hearts and minds to His glory, and the good of mhankind." Brother the Rev. George Roberts, B. A., Monmouth. " The most High is the true foundation of all ma sonic science-- under every revelation which he has condescended to vouchsafe to a fallen race-whether. as the God of Noutae in the world's infancy- whether as Jehovah in the Mosaic dispensation, or whether as " Our Father" in the full light of his only blessed Son, our Lord and Saviour. Still masonry has eagerly adopted and engrafted into its system, all the truths concerning God's relations to man, as they have successively dawned upon the world-thus con tinually exhibiting itself as the hand.maid of.religion, from its foundation to its copestone, sanctified and anointed with the wisdom and knowledge of the Most High." Brother James Sharp, Jun., Hoen, Cor. See. Royal Shaksperian Society. "That mystical institution, in whose assemblies the sacred law of God is ever before theeyes of the initiated; and where pure religion and sound mo rality teach us constantly to look from " Nature up to Nature's God ;" and to contemplate the works of an Almighty hand-to view the genius of man, and the wonders of all created beings, but as subjects that should diffuse a heavenly radiance over all the common thoughts, feelings, and occupations of life, refining what is gross, and redeeming what is low and impure." Brother the Earl of Durham, at Grand Lodge, 1838. " Your Deputy Grand Master (Lord H. John Spencer, Churchill), has alluded to my expected voyage and mission. I am sensible of the duties thereby imposed upon me; but this I know, that if there are any principles which will best direct the course of my conduct, they will be found in the strictest observance of those which illustrate and adorn the craft. When 1 remember that the love of justice and toleration are among the primary objects of freemasonry, I feel that by following those prin ciples, which are the ornaments of our order, 1 shall succeed in proportion as 'I shall observe them; thus carrying into practice the masonic tenets of peace, forgiveness, and charity. I feel confident that as the society has existed from time immorial, instead of being what many other societies too often arc dangerous to the state-you will continue, under the dispensation of Providence, to be its best support, by your loyalty to the throne, anid by your fidelity to your institutions." Sir William Follett's Testimonial in favor of Free. masonry. -'The future Attorney-General had.been for many months called to the bar when we again met. 'This was early in 1826. He then spoke calmly but feelingly of the professional jealously which existed amongst those to whom he was now affiliated. • Players' rivalry,' said he, ' is a jke to it. You can have no conception of its extent or strength,unless you yourselfbelong to the profession.' He then reverted to past scenes and mutual friends ; and in the course of conversation I inferred, from a passing remark, that he had become a Mason. I asked if my conclusion were correct. ' It is,' was his reply. ' I was initiated at Cambridge.' Light had not then beamed upon myself; and I expressed in scoffing terms my anstonishment. ' In your early struggles at the bar,' remarked he, with quiet ear nestncss, ' you require something to recencile you to your kind. You see so much of bitterness and g rivalry, and jealousy, and hatred, that you are thanik- cg fill to call into active agency a system which creates p in all its varieties, kindly sympathy, .erdial nld n wide.spread benevolence, and brotherly love.' But surely,' says 1,' you do not go the length of asserting that masonry does all this ?' ' And more! The true Mason thinks no evil of his brother and cherishes no designs against him. 'The system itself annihilates parties—and, as to censoriousness and calumny most salutary and stringent is the curb which masonic principles, duly carried out, applies to an unbridled tongue.' ' Well, well, you cannot connect it with religion—you cannot, say or do as you will, affirm of it that masonry is a religious system.' ' By and by you will know better,' was a the reply. .Now, I will only say this-that the t Bible is never closed in a mason's lodge- that a masons habitually use prayers in their lodges-and in point of fact, never assemble for any purpose without performng acts of religion I gave you credit.' continued he, with a smile, ' for being more thoroughly emancipated from nursery trammels and slavish prejuldice. '-Stray Leaves from a Freemason's Note Book. On the Value of Masonic Publications, by the Rev. John Osmond Dakeyne, M.A. The following extract. is copied from the Free- masons' Quarterly Review for June, 1844, from the speech of the Rev. J. Osmond Dakeyne, delivered on the occasion of presiding at the Festival of the t Oliver Testimonial, at Lincoln, on the 9th Mlay, t 1844: " I need not tell you, brethren, what freemasonry is: before I was initiated, now some twenty years ago, I had read a good deal about what it is not I allude to a book published by Professor Robison of Edinburgh, towards the close of the last century, entitled, ' Proofs of a conspiracy.' &c.;, in which he, with great ingenuity and considerable ability, en. deavoured to connect freemasonry with the worst features of the illuminati, &c.;, of the continent. He was kind enough to say that he thought masonry in England was, in some degree, free from the charges he had brought against it. And what were those charges ? 'That we were disloyal, irreligious, and conspiring to overturn all sacred and settled institu tions ! This book made a great impression; but that impression is removed. And how ? By these which lie before me ! .(Great cheering, as the Rev. Bro then held up splendidly bound copies of Dr. Oliver's Masonic Works ) These have dissipated for ever the accusation brought against our craft. Disloyal! Why, at the very moment when Pro. fessor Robison published his book, who were the heads of our order ? The chivalrous Earl of Moirs, George Prince of Wales, and Edward Duke of Kent ! Disloyal ! Was not George the IV. our grand master? Was not William the IV. our brother and patron ? Our last grand master was a royal duke. The Duke of York was one of the brotherhood. The King of Hanover is a freemason ! Would all these princes have belonged to it disloyal society ? Are we conspirators to overthrow settled institutions ? Who is the present head of the army? The Duke of Wellington ! aye, the Duke of Wel lington is a freemason ! Are we irreligious ? The Archbishop of Canterbury, the primate of all Eng land, is a freemason, and was once master of a Bristol lodge ! But I need not pursue these points; but sure I am that neither I nor my reverend brethren near me would be present were it possible to bring any such charges to bear against us. 'These facts, and above all these books, have set our order in its true light. And who wrote these books ? Our friend and brother and guest, whom we are now assembled to honor ! They are the witnesses to his exertions ; they are the vouchers for his services. Our brother Goodacre has aptly alluded to the spreading of ma sonry ill the East, and, indeed, over the world. Wherever our principles have gone, thither also has passed the name of Dr. Oliver, the historian and the sage of masonry ; and contributions to this offering from the distant climes, prove in some measure, that his labours are not unrecognized." [We readily give insertion to the above, but beg most distinctly to disclaim .the slightest design to insult any individual. Principles and facts were only referred to : persons were not in question. .We appeal to the paragraph complained of, and still believe that no impartial judge would pronounce it disrespectful. It is within the province of a journal to notice any literary work, and surely an advertisement which appears in the London pipers, and publishers' circulars, may be copied without offence into a colonial print. We entertain no hostility to masonry, or to masons: there are some, we 'know to be masons, whom we highly esteem. But while every other society-political, social, be nevolent, or religious, may be noticed in its princi ples and action, it is unfair to ask that the press should be totally silent on freemasonry, and suppress every notice not favorable that may appear respect ing it. Beside, masonic publications are issued: the public confidence is demanded, and enqtiiry challenged. Why then should a few questions of sober import, put by the uninitiated be deemed an insult? We say this in justification of ourselves, and every indifferent person must admit that we claim no more liberty than other public bodies con cede every day. We have niow read the " Ritual" of 1Iasonry, re cently republished in England, under the auspices of a minister of religion, and we regret to find, from the introduction, that the man, Morgan, was really murdered. Public meetings were held in the United States on tile occasion : depositions published : ad dresses circulated, and anti-masonic associations formed. ' he latter exist to the present day, and on the authority of a venerable Christian, once a resi dent atnd comntmunica:t in New York,it is said that the evangelical churches in that city refuse to receive freemasonis as tmembers, who may still be connected with a lodge. It is quite possible that the institution in America may have been perverted, and that bad men, by combination, acted contrary to their avowed princliples; but that Morgan was abducted atnd killed, because he was about to publish a woik, revealing the secrets of freemasonry, we fear there call be no doubt. If the" Ritual" is a vile slander and forgery, it cannot too soon be exposed to reprobation. It pro fesses to be written by Mr. A. Allyn, who prefixes his mnasontic diploma, as a " Knight of the lRed Cross of Knights T'l emplrs and Knights of Miltan,"-a high grade in the profession. Ile states that at the age of twenty-one, he joined a lodge: that he was told freemasonry was the handmaid of religiutn, and contained great and valuable truths. which could be found no where else. He was, however, disappointed in the significance of its mysteries; its " secrets" imparted no important information, but Ihaving gradually passed through many degrees. habit re conciled him to the society and its ceremonies. He proceeds to state, that when in it lodge of royal arch masons, a considerable time after the disappearance of Morgan, but whose case still excited the keenest attention throughout the Union, he was in formed that Howard, a bookbinder and brother arch mason had been at that lodge; declared him self to be the person who had "done justice"on i'lor gan, and begged assistance, and that he had been entertained and assisted Mr. Allyn immediately declared that he should not screen Howard from justice. lHe was reminded of his oath, but although he did not intepd to leave the fraternity, he thought it his duty, by affidavit, to make known to the authorities the fact he had learned. Uport this, hIe was pointed at as a perjured wretch, and exposed to persecution. He, ultimately, with "thousands," renounced the. society: "several of them wrote exposures," " among these were two ministers of the gospel, who had been drawn into freemasonry by representations of its usefulness and harmlessness." AMr. Allyn, however, from his know, ledge, and the high degree he had attained, was selected to write the book before us If his repre sentations are true, there is much in freemasonry that is commendable and lovely; but all that is beautiful in it and more is to be found in the sacred scriptures: reverence for God, loveto the "brethren," purity ot life, conduct and language are all incul. cated,-but in this book there is such a mixture thatt the picture is painlul. It might amuse or grieve to describe the order of initiation and degrees of ad vancement-the ceremonies, the selections.of scrip ture, the prayers antd the exposition of symbols, the signs which derive their significance from the oaths and the grips or method of lshqking hands peculiar to every step. But it is not to minister to mere idle curiosity tlhat we notice the volume. WVe want to bring its truth fulness to the test. If Mr. Allyn is an impostor, presuming on public credulity, the vile trick ought to be exposed, and the uniniiated world delivered from a delusion. If his book is a forgery, and de scribes a system which has no semblance to the truth, we should recommend its owner to do, what we would not hesitate to do if it belonged to us-fling it into the fire. \Ve have read with pleasure the testimonials given above: some of them we think indeed are rather strong, and if literally correct, freetmasoirry is superior to the gospel. But we pass over the glowing language uttered in the warmth of admi ration, and accept the evidence entire. A difference of opinion will exist respecting what is right and proper, and ev-n what is good. Some are more scrupulous than others, and each must 'judge for himself. Now, in order to bring Allyn's book to the test, we subjoin the oaths he prints, as those taken by the candidate for the degrees mentioned. Entered Apprentice Oath. I. &c.;, of my own free will and accord, and in the pro. sence of Almighty God, and this right worshipful lodge, dedicated to St. John, do hereby and herein most solemnly swear, that I will always hale, conceal, and never reveal any of the secrets of freemasonry, that shall be delivered to me now or at any time hereafter, except it be to a true and law ful brother, or in a just and lawful lodge of brothers and fel lows, him or them whom I shall find to be such, after a just trial and due examination. I furthermore do swear, that I will not write it, print it, cut it, stint it, mark It, stain or engrave it, or cause so to be done, upon anything moveable or immoveable, under the canopy of heaven, whereby it may become legible or intelligible, or the least appearance of the character of a letter, whereby the secret art may be unlaw. fully obtained. All this' I swear' with a strong 'and steady resolution to perform the same, without any hesitation, men tat reservation, or self-evasion of mind in me whatsoever, under no less penalty than to have my throat cut across, my tongue torn, out by the root, and to be buried in the, sands of the sea at low water mark, a cable's length from the shore, where the tide ebbs and flows twice in twenty-four hours. So help me God, and keep me steadfast in this my entered apprentice's obligation. (He kisses the Book.) Fellow Craft's Oath. I, &c..; promise and swear that I will obey all regular signs and summonses handed, sent or thrown to me by a fellow craft mason....if within the length of my cable tow.. under no less ia penalty than to have my left breast torn open, my breast and vitals taken from thence, thrown over my left shoulder and carried to the valley of Jehosaphlrt, there to remain a prey to the wild beasts of the field and the vultures of the air, should I.wilfully violate or transgress any part of this my solemn oath or obligation of a fellow craft mason. So help me God, and keep me steadfast in the due perform. ance of the same. Blaster Mason's Oath. I, &c.; Furthermore do I swear that I will not give the grand hailing sign of distress, except when I aun in real distress or for the benefit of the craft when at work....that I will apprise him (a brother master mason)' of all approach ing danger....that his secrets given to me in charge as such shall remain as secure and inviolable' in my breast as in his before communicated, murder and treason only excepted and they left to my only election....binding myself under no less a penalty than to have my body severed in two in the centre and divided to the north and south,my bowels burnt to ashes in the midst and scattered by the four winds of heaven, that there might not the least remembrance remain among men or masons of so vile and perjured a wretch as I should be.... So help me God, &c.; Mark Master's Oath. I, &c.;, under no less penalty, to have my right car * smote off that I may for ever be unable to hear the word, and my right hand chopped off that I could no longer feel the grip. So help me God, &c.; Past Marster's Oath. I, &c.;, do promise and swear that the secrets of a brother of this degree shall remain as'secure, &c....murder; and treason excepted, and those left to min own election....under no less a penalty than (in addition to all my former penalties) s to have my tongue split from top to root, &c.; So help me 1 God, &c.; IMost Excellent Master's Oath. I, &c.;, That the: secrets of a brother of this degree given to me in charge as such and I knowing them to be such shall remain as secret and inviolable in my breast as in hIis Sowe, murder and treason excepted and these left to my own 1 free will and choice....under no less penalty tlnm to have my Sright and left breasts torn open, my heart taken Irom thlence and thrown on a dunghll to rot, &c.; So help me God. e Royal Arch Mason's Oath. SI, &c.;, furthermore promise aud swear that I will assist ta companion royal arch mason when 1 see him engaged in any difficulty, and will espouse his cause so far as to extricate I hhnim from the same whletllher he be right or wroig. I furtheir more promise ansd swear that I will keep all tihe secrets of a companion royal arch mason, without exceptions....under no less penalty than to have my skull smote off and my brains e exposed to the scorchinig rays of the meridian sun, &c.; So help me God, &c.; if these oaths are forgeries the secretary can give them a distinct negative without violating his obli gations: if correct in substance he will say tiothing, unless he vindicate their propriety. In that case tlhe vulgar public can judge we express no olsinion. \We have endeavored in the present instance to avoid anytihng that can be construed into ofl'nce, or occa sion the slightest pain to a single individual, and contisider that instead of blame, we merit praise for making freemasons acquainted with a book, from which, if unreftited. the opinions of the public will in future be derived.- En. L. E] THE PARA GRAss.-There are in Norfolk Island two'species of exotic grasses that appear to have been' brought there, and at first cultivated with care when the island-was first occupied. These, during its tem'porary abandonment, have estab lished themselves widely wherever the land had been cultivated, and now constitute the only per manent grasses in the pastures, the luxuriance of which .surpasses the most fertile parts of Port Phillip. One of these grasses, in its habits, very much resembles the Para Grass, but the herbage of the Norfolk Island grass is hard, though contain ing a large quantity of hi^hblly concentrated sac charine juice. This would be an immense acqui sition on many of the dry arid plains about the WVjngiera,. and if a small piece of ground were properly cultivated and laid down with it, the roots and seeds would soon spread it over a great extent of country. It would be imprudent to introduce it on land that there is a prospect of cultivating, for it spreads much quicker than the English Couch Grass, and the roots are much more troublesome to get rid of. W\e have seen the roots gathered off a ploughed field, and forked up like a crop of hay, into drays, and being washed clean, given to horses and cattle.instead of hay, when there was nothing green to be seen-the grass which had the ap pearance of hay was the only sustenance of the grazing stock. There is another exotic grass in Norfolk Island which stands the drought well,and when cut in the driest season will spring up and cover the land with verdure after a slight shower, and often when it had no moisture but the heavy dews of the island. It is fibrous rooted, and the head when.ripe, is nearly black, and the shape of the Timothy Grass.` It is called Anson's Bay Grass, from the incality where it principally abounds ; some of the seeds were brought over here, but having got wet with salt water on the voyage, it did not vegetate: we believe it grew in Van Diemen's Land, but we do not know how it is found to answer the climate. If the government of Van Diemen's Land would follow the example of Earl Grey in contributing to the introduction of useful products to the neighbouring British colo nies, many persons in Port Phillip would be glad to purchase plants and seeds of the pine and other beautiful ever-green trees of Norfolk Island, to ornament their gardens and shrubberies, and lawns, if they could obtain them for money ; but the accursed fiend-like system of convict discipline -by which that fair spot of creation is made a blot and a blemish on the British name-locks up its vegetable treasures from the attainment of the colonts here, where most of them would thrive. But although Earl Grey has departed from the old colonial-office system, and set an excellent example to his subordinates in the colonies, in the matters of the Vine and Para Grass, there is little chance that they will follow his example, their chief duty being to extract a revenue and propagate patro nage,, andl the excrescence which it fosters.-Corio Chronicle. TouLs.-Separate from the cost of erecting the toll gates on the main line of road, we find the cost of collection is such as ought to deter ,ftiom this method of saising one0oC.. The revenuel at New Towun gate is estimated at £800, at Sand Hill £400, total, £1,260 ; and the salaries oft the collectors anroun t to £243 5s., or nearly 20 per cent. on the sum5 collected. The expense of collecting the customs is not 7 per centt. ROADS AND STREETs.-The s5nl1 of £2000 is to be applied fior alterinitg audl malnlaintaiinig the main line; £708 15s. 7d. for the streets of Hobal t Town ; £499 s. 10d. for the streets of Lannceston ; and £331 6s. lud., extension of watcrvorks, Hobart Town. A NEW BAROMETER, WITHOUT FLUID OR MER- CURY.-lt is termed by its inventor, a French gen- tleman, the Aneroid Barometer. It is of the size of a ship's chronometer, with a circular scale, divided and engraved similar to the ordinary wheel-baro- meter. The instrument is so extremely sensitive that the height of a building is indicated by it; and exclusive of the advantages of extreme accu- racy and portability, it cannot be deranged by travelling, and will prove a valuable companion to the scientific traveller. As the motion of a ship cannot affect it, it is equally suitable for nautical purposes; and being of an ornamental form it is admirably adapted for the hall, library, or drawing room. Professor Lloyd, at the recent meeting of the British Association, reported that the indica- tions of the Aneroid had been tested, by placing it under the receiver of an air-pump; and observing its action, in comparison with the indications of the long-gauge, they were found to agree to less than the 1- 100th of an inch. The mechanical ar- rangement of the instrument consists of a cylin- drical chamber of copper, about 2¾ inches in dia- meter, and about 5-18ths of an inch deep,exhausted of air and hermetically sealed. The surface of the chamber is corrugated, and with every varia tion of the atmosphere the surface rises or falls: the movement is multiplied by a system of levers, and to the end of the main lever is attached a fine chain, connected with a spiral spring, changing the motion from vertical to horizontal. The spiral spring is fixed to an arbor or axis, on which is placed the hand, indicating the changes. Thus the chamber is a substitute for the Toricellian tube. and the vacuum for a column of mercury. The inventor has patented his invention in Great Bri- tain, throughout the Continent, and the United States, and will, we hope, be amply rewarded for the mental toil expended in perfecting this truly ingenious instrument. There are two of these beautiful and accurate instruments in this country : one belonging to Mr. Bartley, of Kerry Lodge, and another in the possession of Dr. Pugh. COLONIAL GARtlISONS.-In tilhe Course of a recent debate MIr. Fox 1Iahile said,-"The hon. nieniber for the West Riding of Yorltshire had said that the worst thing connected with these colonial garrisons was, that when they had been increased they were scarcely ever redneed again. The amount of force, however, in British North America, in 1838, was 13,825 .mien, and that number hIad si!nce been reduced to .7.780-a dif ference of upwards of 6,000 men. (Hear, hear.) in Bermuda, in 1833, the garrison amounted to 1,080 men; at present the numbler was nearly the same, being 1,005. In New Soulti Wales, in 1833, tile amount of force wias 2,636 men ; tihe obrce required tbr 1849-50 was 4,000. But it shoulnd e borne in mind that, since the period referred to, the colony of New Zealhntid had beetn added to their possessions in that part of the iorld. (Hear.) IIn the Mauritins the :force alollnnted in 1833 to 2,000 mell ; it now nom hered only 1,520--a unlbe.r that was not capable of any immediate reduction. INQUEST.- An inquest was hehi on Saturday at the Whale Fishery, Bathurst street, and again by adjtoIirnient at the Gordon Castle, Liverpool street, before A. B. Jones, Esq., to inquire into thle caie of the death of Ann Power, an infant about eleven months oil, who dlied from1 the drunken .and dissolute hanits ol ifs parents, who left the child frequently for two or three days at a time without common nteesalt ries. Alter a- long in' estigalion-in w hich Dr. Crocke described the nature of the disease, whichl le said was blrought on fionI dirt, total negle, t, and starvation, the jury returned a verdict of manslaughter against both the la'rcents.--II. T. Courier. 