A LIVING GHOST. A young man, called Arthur, was coming lately from the country, where he had been to arrange some family affairs ; he was alone part of the way but at some distance from town a tra veller got into the coach. The traveller was a young man about the same age as Arthur, and a friendly intercourse soon sprung up between them. The new comer's name was Edward B ; he related to his fel low-traveller that he was in a most peculiar situation, he was going to be married to a lady whom he had never seen, neither did he know her father ; the arrangement had been made by a friend of both parties, the preliminaries had been gone through by correspondence and all seemed to make it a very desi rable match. On arriving in Paris Edward and Ar thur were the best friends in the world. ' I hope that we shall meet again,' said the young provincial to Arthur, ' and if you were not in a hurry to re turn home, you would do me much pleasure by breakfasting with me at the hotel where I stop.' Arthur accepted the invitation. The young people had been hardly half an hour at table when Edward was taken suddenly with a fit, and died he- fore assistance could he procured. This said occurrence threw Arthur into great consternation, and he wished at least to render a last service to the friend that he had lost, by going to in form the family in which Edward was expected of the said catastrophe. However, before fulfilling the said mission, he went home to his young wife whom he was afraid would be uneasy at his absence, so that it was not till about five in the afternoon that he was able to call upon Mr. C— — . Mr. C - - , who doubted not on seeing him that it was his intended son- in-law, received him with open arms. ' How glad I am to see you my dear Edward I" said he " we were only waiting for you to go to dinner ;" so saying, he harried the perplexed Arthur into the drawing-room, where, inde pendently of his wife and daughter, were assembled several friends, who were to be presented to the future son- in-law. Mr. C - - 's fluency of speech was so great that Arthur not being able to get in a single word to udeceive him, was obliged to resign himself to be pre sented to the young lady. He forgot even the death of poor Edward, and could not help smiling at the strangeness of the adventure, which was more like a scene in a farce than anything so serious as the reality. This thought so tickled his fancy that his spirit became excited, and he was so wit y and agreeable during dinner, and every body including the young lady, were delighted with the supposed Edward. At a quarter to seven, just as they were going to tea, Arthur looked at his watch, and rose. " A thousand pardons," said he to Mr. C - - , but I am unfortunately obliged to leave you " "Leave us, and why ?" " For an affair which does not allow of the least delay." " What affair can you have in Paris, where you are quite a stranger? besides, on this occasion, I quite expected that you would at least have devoted to us this evening." ' "Impossible, my dear sir, impossible!" 'How! impossible !' ' Well,' said Arthur, ' since you must know all, learn that at ten o'clock this morning I arrived in Paris, and at half-past ten I died ; and that as the weather is warm they mean to bury me this evening at seven o'clock. You must be aware that I cannot keep the funeral ceremony waiting ; it would give them a very bad opinion of me. Besides, the Young France Hotel, won't keep my body any longer.' After this speech Arthur took his hat and vanished. ' What an original !' said Mr. C — — , ' " Come, I shall have a very witty relation; but I wish he would have jested on a gayer subject. You see he'll be back in half an hour ; I dare say he's gone to smoke a cigar on the Boulevards. This is no doubt the way they joke in the country.' Ten o'clock struck, and the intended had not returned. Mr. C - - became uneasy ; and, to solve the mystery, went to the hotel, and inquired for Edward B - -. They related to him that a traveller arrived there that morning at ten, and that half an hour after he had died, and had been buried that evening at seven ; to substantiate which state- ment they produced the official depo- tism of the death of Edward B — . Poor Mr C— — — returned home in a state impossible to describe. His belief in ghosts and fetches since this occurrence remains unshaken. 