THE FUGITIVE POPE. according to a correspondence in the tonciliatore, ot Florence, three different projects had been presented to the Pope. The first, which is that of the retrogade party, brca hes reaction, and Austrian and Neapolitan intervention. I las, Pius the Ninth has rejected. Ac cording to the second, the Pope is to name a regent for the temporal affairs of the state, and himself to travel through Catholic Europe, or rather France, Germany, and Ireland, to check heterodoxy and real schism. The Pontiff is then to convoke a great European coun cil, to bring about a solemn pact of peace and concord between all the dissident parties. Pius the Ninth com mended this project for its charity and grandeur, but objected to it from its character being somewhat too Utopian for existing circumstances, and impracticable. The last project, which is that of the diplomatic body at Gaeta, is that the Pope should go into some city of his own domains, either Civita Vecchia, Bologna, or Ancona, and there open conferences with the political parties, to bring them to sentiments of conciliation, and effect the restoration of order. It is said that the Pope, pressed to come to some decision, replied, ' The mad ness of the Romans still subsists ; I will wait until the eclipse of their reason is passed.' Rome was tranquil on the 3rd February. The Pro visional Municipal Committee had published the pro gramme of the opening of the Constituent Assembly on the 5th. The representatives, after hearing a mass offered to the Holy Ghost, in the Church of Santa, Maria in Aracaeli, were to repair in procession to the Legislative Palace. Germany, France, Holland, and Belgium haying rushed to the succour of the exiled Pontiff, by raising pecuniary contributions, 'The Pope and Peter-pence' is now the watchword amongst British Catholics. ' No partial subscriptions amongst the aMuent,' says the Tablet, ' will effectively re- orgauise this ancient prac tice of the Faithful ; the people, poor, as well as rich, all must contribute the *' penny,' not in England, only, but in S«otland, and, where practicable, even in poor Ireland. This universality of the Peter-pence will alone give it permanence, and afford a glorious example lo the Catholic world.' . In urging the liberality of the English Catholics, the Tablet publishes an eloquent appeal, from which we take the following passage : — ' You who object to collections for the Pope, tell ui, how doej the Pope live? On what income ? From what revenue ? He keeps'up ., for you —Cardinals and congregations, and secretaries, and sub secretaries, and tbe whole complicated apparatus of a Government for two hundred millions of people— but out of what fund 1 You know not, and arc too careless (o inquire. What is it to you whether the pecuniary embarrassment of the Papal States, and the burden of so wide a Government ibrown on a scanty population has been, in part at least, at the bottom of the recent convulsions in what was the Holy City? What is it lo you whether the Supreme Pontiff wants his daily bread, or has the means of making before tbe world a de cent and reputable appearance ? What is it to you that your spiritual life— if, indeed, what is within you be not death -is carried on like that of the most abject mendicants by services and labours which are at other men's cost, ami of which, folding your hands in sleep, you arc content to koovr only the benefit ? W hat is all Ibis to you ? For it is your creed - is it not?— that without labour, forethought, or sacrifice, you arc entitled to hare salvation brought home to your own doors, and spiritual guidance at your elbows, to wait your conveni ence and to serve yoor pleasure.' We take the following from Archbishop Hale'a Lenten Pastoral ;— ' In the meantime, let ui not forget that the good Pontiff must be lufTcring not only in his feelings, but also in his pecuniary resources, ro protect the father of the Christian world from the approach of ?very influence that would endanger that liberty so essential to the. purity of faith and morals, is the obvious duty as well as the interest if all his children. It will not be enough to rescue him out of tho liands of lawless insurgents, hut we must, iu the act of frce'iu^ him not suffer him lo be exposed to a servitude of an equal'y dangerous character, by being too much beholden to the intervention of any of those powers that arc striving to enslave the Church in tlieir respec tive dominions. This is the reason why we call on you, in the mid^t of yonr poverty, to contribute your mite to tbe support and conso lation of your beloved chief pastor, until such time as the Lord is pleased to deliver him out of the bauds of his enemies. On our nation the Holy Father has peculiar claims, which he kindly deigned to call ' the apple of his eye,' Ac. We fix the first Sunday iu Lent, the season of alms as well as the other works of charily, as the most appropriate time for their oblations. Before that Sunday let every onu who is able * put apart with himself,' to use the lauguage of the Apostle, laying up what it shall well please him. that tbe gatlurii gs be not then to be made, 'aud afterwards we will have your bounty carried to Home.' ' In a circular addressed by the Right Rev. Dr. Cant- well to the clergy of his diocese, his Lordship intro- duces the following extract from a letter received by him from a friend who was sojourning in the Eternal City:— ' The Radicals calculate on not having the Pope here any longer; their calculations, however, are very badly founded. If thepwple could act here as they feel, they would recal his Holiness at once ; but tbe Radicals are violent, daring, and active, whilst tho people are cjuiti, and have no courage to take any active slcp. Tbe Pope has protested against all the proceedings of the party now in power. He Ins solemnly excommunicated all those who took any part in con voking the IVatioal Assembly, or in invading the property of the Church in any other way. The excommunication has set the Radi cals racing mad ; they pretend to laugh it to scorn, but their contact shows how they ft el. There is nothing bad or blasphemous which they are not publishing against the Pope and religion. Without the aid of foreign intervention tbe Pope will not be able to return for some time, and Rome will be completely ruined. As it is there is no business doing, aud the poor are beginning to be distressed. Already has God in his anger visibly chastised iho persecutors of the Holy Father. The person who drew up the decree for tbe convocation of the Na'.ional Assembly, when he heard of the cxcommunicctlon, was seized with a It of apoplexy and died on the spot. On Sunday last an officer, who was prominent in the business, fell off his horse and fiactured his skull. ? ? ' ? Tbe Pope will find it difficult to bear the expenses of his exile, unless he gets a little assistance from other countries. Ireland cannot do much, but she can do a little.' In urging the prayers and 'pence' of the Faitful for The Vicar of Christ,' during his exile, the Bishop ays : — . , ' The prayers of tho poor, tbe oppressed, and the afflicted, arc ever poured forth in vain. The voices and entreaties of millious of lis faithful children, will awaken the God of Israel, and arm him i defence of his persecuted Poutiff. ? Who is like to Thee among ic strong, O Lord ? Who is like to Thee, glorious in holiness, ter ible and praiseworthy, doing wonders ?'— (Ex. xr., ii.) At this oicc, the storm will be stilled, the waves will be hushed into tran uillity, the designs of impious and sacrilegious anarchists will be ustrated, the bark of Peter will continue its course in safety to s distant haven, and we shall have the consolation to see the great ilot who siu with calmness aud Grmness at tbe helm of the sacred L'ssel, crowned with the fullest success.' We see by the New York papers that v public mect ng had been convened there to request the Pope to take ip his permanent residence in America. 