ENGLISH EXTRACTS. The statue of ths late Sir William Follett is now erected in what may be considered its final resting place, in West minster Abbey. The inscription has not yet been-settle& by the committee. Dickens, it is calculated, received 2s GJ, for every word in his last work, " The Ghost's Bargain." . It is said that horse sorrel, made into an ointmei.t, is a certain cure of cancer. A waterspout was lately seen in the neighbourhood of Aih, Sussex. Notwithstanding the present depressed slate of the country, is not a little gratify ing to le8rn that on one day in July, more than £l,000 were deposited in the Lincoln Savings' Bank, chiefly by farmers' ser vants. There were likewise £650 drawD out on the same day ; and out of the latter sum no less than £400 were drawn out by parties on the point of emigrating. As a young woman was passing the churchyard, Weymouth, a short time ago, in the dusk of the eveniDg, a small dog, belonging to a person residing close by jumped through the rails suddenly as she passed. She immediately walked to her father's bouse, about one hundred yards from the spot, and had seven fits ; she expired ou the day following. A memorial has been addressed to the Home-office by the County Court judges, aud a deputation of them has waited upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer, com plaining of .their salaries having been per manently fixed at £1,000 a year—a sum, they say, quite incommensurate with the dignity, responsibility, labour, and useful- I ness of the office. j A correspondent of the Inverness Courier says, there is a woman named Marion Morison, living at the Sound of Scalpa, near Stornoway, 107 years old. On the 23rd of July she was grinding meal in a hand-mill. She never was fond of dainty food, nor indulged in ardent spirits, or weak diluted liquors ; but lived on good wholesome fare which she never wanted. The Cork Constitution says—"Every train from the capital and every steamship crossing the Channel convey tourists from England, Scotland, the Continent of Eu rope, and even many from the New World to enjoy the beauties of the Killarney mountains and lakes, and the enchanting scenery along the Kenmare River, and tiantrv Bay, every one of whom, on his re turn, declares his expectations to have fallen short of the reality. Previous to the failure in the potato crop, the visitors to Killarney were, with few exceptions, people residing in Ireland, and during the three famine years the number had materially decreased, leaving the hotels almost un occupied, but, since the spring of this year the hotels in the town and neighbourhood have been filled to inconvenience. This has been in a great measure occasioned by the facility given to tourists by an arrangement entered into by the Great Southern and Western Railway Company and railway directors in England, by which tourists are conveyed from London to Killarney and back again for a trivial sum. To convey an idea of the number of persons who visited Killarney, it may be mentioned that ( since the 13th of April, to the 13ih of the present month, the average number of beds occupied each night at the Mucross Hotel, j was fifty-one, while the number of nights each visitor remained, did not amount to three; of the entire number who this year put up at this hotel, scarcely one ninth were Irish. As Messrs Parry, Thomas, jun, of Abercery, J. Raymond, of Dinas, and H. Lea, of Kidderminster, were out shooting sea fowl, at the back of Dinas Island, in July last, they observed a salmon actively engaged in springing after the flieB. They - fired at it, the shots took effect, and the fish was secured. It weighed nine pounds. Hunting, says the Berks Advertiser, assists the Exchequer to a greater extent j than many would imagine. There are upwards of two hundred packs of fox hounds and harriers kept in Great Britain, and upwards of £10,000 per annum is paid in taxes by the masters of hounds. We are happy to record, says the Dublin Evening Mail, the convalesence of Cnief Baron Pigot, after his late very severe and dangerous attack of diarrhoea, or rather cholera, at Monaghaa. The learned judge is now at his marine villa of Plas-na-Wydd near Kingstown, and is recovering bis .usuai health ; but he will not be able to re sume the bench at present, and Mr Bald win, Q..C, has been placed in the commis sion to conclude the north-east circuit. Up to the very day of starting on circuit, the chief baron had been bbouriously occupied with the protracted Nisi Ptius aftei sittings since the conclusion of the last term. It is universally admitted by the bar that no judge on the bench goes through more labour than the Lord Chief Baron. A report lias been prevalent during the last few days that a lady, formerly of this city, but more recently residing with her sisters, seven miles distant, has eloped with her servant boy. The pair are, it is sup posed, secreted somewhere in the neigh bourhood of Bristol. The lady is said to be upwards of thirty years of age, and the partner of her flight about seventeen.— Bristol Mirror. The vessel Jeremiah Game/, from Sban ghae, has brought two boxes of treasure, consigned to order; the Lord Hardinge, from Hong Kong and Canton, one box of sycee silver, consigned to order, and twenty five boxes of treasure, consigned to the Oriental Bank; the Scotland, from Canton, twenty-five boxes of treasure, consigned to the Oriental Bank ; and the Walton, from Canton, two packages of silver, ad dressed in a similar manner. At a general meeting of the governors of the Royal Humane Institution, Thos. Came, a miner, was rewarded with the society's silver medal and a pecuniary do nation of £5, for having, after desperate exertions, saved nine out of thirteen per sons overturned in the river Tamar. The ease was one of a peculiarly daring rescue. —.Royal Cornwall Gazette. T. Brighton, aged 18, an inhabitant of Freeling, was lately at work through out the day iu a meadow adjoining Kelve don, Essex, and returned home at the usual hour in the evening. Having par taken of a plentiful supper, he repaired with a party of young men, to the river Blackwater, for the purpose of bathing. A'ter leaving the water, and while the de ceased was sitting on a fence near the river, a quarrel arose in reference to a bean hook belonging to the deceased, which had been broken by one of his compa nion". Deceased was greatly irritated, and commenced swearing in a most fearful manner, in the midst of which, and with an oath literally in his mouth, he fell back and expired. His companions at first supposed him to be deceiving them, but after pushing him about for some time, they found him quite dead. A coroner's jury found a verdict of " Natural death," the immediate cause being, in the opinion of the surgeon examined, of the effect of bathing after a plentiful meal. Admiral Tschiggoff, who had been staying some months in Devonshire-place, has taken his departure for Newhaven, in the-Magician steam-packet, for the opposite coast, intending to pass the remainder of his days in Paris, if he should survive the journey. He is very old and infirm, and has been quite blind for four or five years. His medical adviser, seeing his extreme debility, endeavoured to persuade him to remain in England, but he expressed a desire once more to visit Paris ; and nothing that the medical gentleman could say prevailed to prevent him from taking the journey. He is, we believe, upwards of eighty years of age. —Globe• 