TRIALS AND TRIUMPHS OF GENIUS. From Hunt's Magazine for November. Those who hsve read tbe narrative of the aefferings of ragged end hungry GeniuB, as told by the sufferers themselves in Johnson's Life of Savage, and in Goldsmith's Vicar of Wakefield, will listen to the following teller, eddressad to ft distinguished ^gentleman in thie country, a chapter of autobiography, with like interest; for like IIIOBB narratives, it not only describes tbe trials, but is written, also, with the energetic pen of Genies. Tbe writer is Mr. J. R. Remington, a yonng man, a Virginian by birth. After residing for e while in Alabama, a few years since he went lo Washington, and exhibited there the models end drawings of several ingenious find (es they have 6ince proved J valuable mechanical inven. lions of his own. A t Washington be made little hesdway. One of bis inventions WBSB bridge, constructed on a novel principle, or rather a principle newly applied, snd by which briget of timber of great length can be thrown across rivers and wide railrosd cuts without intermediate support. People looked end admired ; but somehow, although they saw much that was strikingly original, they could not set liow tbe contrivances were to be made practically useful. Fulton's first steamboat draw crowds of sucb admirers round it when it was on the •locks. Air. Remington woa not discovered. He went to England, arriving in London early in January, 1847- He went, to use his •tribing language, " in search of & man ;" like tbe old philosopher, besought bul for one mind capsble of sympathetic appreciation. He car* ried with him his plana, e teeming braio/.aletter of introduction, end en empty purse. Tbe etory of Mr Remington's eneceas has been told by tbe lips of othera, ai was most meet; we leave it to himself to describe his straggles end probation. Hia Utter wonld be marred by any attempt on our part to add oi amplify :— Stafford, England, August IS, 1848. MY Dun SIB,—I sbonld have written sooner but that I bad nothing pleasant to say. I reBobed London on tbe let of January, 3847, without money or friende, which was just tbe thing I desired when I left America, end just the thing, I assure yon, I will never desire again. I commenced operations et onoe, on tbe supposition that, in ibis overgrown city, I could et least enlist one man. Bnt Englishmen are not Americana. Au Englishman will advance eny amount on en absolute certainty, but not one penny where there is Ibe slightest risk, if be got tbe whole world hy it. I epent the first five monthB looking for this man with unparalleled perseverance end industry, living for less than threepence per day. I am convinced tbat few persona in London know so nnoh of that incomprehensibly large city es myself. But BIBB 1 my wardrobe wei gone to eupuly me with wretchedly baked corn bread, on which I lived eniiiely. I slept on straw, for which I paid one halfpenny per night. I became ragged and filthy, and could no longer go among men of buaineEs ^ Up to this time my epirita never eanlr, nor did tbey tben; but my sufferings were great. My limbs distorted with rheumatism, induced by cold endexposure—my face end head swelled to a most unnatural size with cold end toothache, and those who slept in tbe eatne horrid den were wretched street beggere, the very cleanest of litem literally alive with ell manner ol creeping things. But t wee no beggar. I never beeged, nor ever eaked a favour of eny man since I came to England. Ask Ceorge Bancroft, whom I called upon tiro or ibree limes, if ever 1 asked the slightest fuvou Pruned upon the letter you gave me to bim. 'i dld wri.e bin, a note, ".kingb"m to "me and witness tbe ibe iriumXof opening tli® jniilge at ibe gardens, and delivered tbe note at bis own house myself j end elthnugh Prince Albert came, I never even jot a reply to ray noie. If Bancroft bad come, and been tbe man to have only tecogmsed me in my rags BB I was, it would have saved me much eubsequent suffering. I will out believe tbat Bancroft ever saw my note, for bis deportment Lo me was ever kind. The succeeding three jromba after (tie first live I will not detail, up to the time X commenced to build tbe bridge. I mil not barro< „,, ffiy flings to write, nor pain your kind Lean to read Ihe incident; of tbote nineiv s m My heir turned grey, end I must b.v. dTed b^ul' f0? ,be Jews, who did give me one ahSliuJ down fnr my acknowledgment Tor £10 on de? mand. These wicked ro\berie have amounted l0 Be(,ero, huudred pounds, every penny 0f «l,icb I have to pay eubsequent L T r Lee a ? 8 »" e " « »»' o man wbo c&n; read but kttove m V addresa. It cost me £10 ?o ob- „iB the shilling with which I psid my admit laDCe inio the Koyal Zoological Gardens, w™ere I succeeded,, fter"much monifioation.Tn gming the ghost of e model made of the bridEe Every engineer of celebrity in London was" called in to decide whether it was nracticabl. . to throw it acrose the lake. Four or five of them, at the final decision, declared that tbe model before them was pasaing strange but that it could not be carried to e much greater leneih than tbe length of tbe model. 1 waa standine i amongat men of the supposed grestest telents as civil engineers that tbe world could produce and tbe point decided was against me. This one time alone were my whole energies ever arou.ed. I never talked before-I was haeeard : and faint for want ot lood-my spirits Bank in l o n o w jD rje„ c{ a y m o u r a M „ r 0 ! p e c u_ • cloibes I bad none-yet, standing^ over this I model did 1 battle with those men Every word j I uttered came from my inmost soul and w.. big w„h truth-erery "argument earned co„. viction. The effect on those men wee like | magic—indeed tbey must have been devilB not : to have believed under tbe circumstances T ! succeeded. My agreement wilb the proprietor wae, ihut I should superintend tbe construction of the bridge without eny pay whatever, but during tbe lime of the building I might Bleep in the Gardens, and if the bridge should succeed, it should be called Aemington'a Bridge." I lodged in an old tion'i cage, not strong enough for a lion, but by pulling some straw on tbe floor, it held me very well, and indeed waa a greater luxury than I had bad for months. The carpenters that worked on the bridge sometimes gave me part of ibeir dinner. On thia I lived, and was comparatively happy. It was a little novel, however, lo see a man in rags directing gentlemanly looking carpenters ThB I bridge triumphed, and the cost was £8 end was the greatest hit ever made in London. The j money made by it is astonishingly great, tbon- . sands and tens of thousands crossing it pavine toll, besides the great attraction lo tbe Gardens ; Not a publication in London but what has | written largely upon it. Although I aerer re* j ceived a penny, nor ever will, for building tbe bridge, I have no fault to find with Mr Tvler P">P»e'°r, for he has fully done what he : promised-tbat was, to call it Remington's Bridge." ® 'I he largest woodout perhaps ever made in world, is (made of the bridge. Every letter of my name is nearly as large ea myself. Tbe bridge to this day is the prominent curiosity of the Gardens. Yon CBH'I open e paper but yon may find Remington'a Bridge." Sonn after it waa built, I have frequently seen hundreds of men looking at (he large picture of the bridge at tbe corners ef the streets, and envying Bemington, when I hare stood unknown in the crowd, literally starving. However, tbe great success of tbe bridge gave me some credit with a tailor. I got a suit of clothes and some shins—a clean ebiit. Any shirt was great, but a clean ahirt—O God, what a luxury I Thousands of csrds weie left I or me at the Gerdens, and men came to see the bridge from all parta of ihe kingdom. But with all my due bills in tbe bandB of tbe hell-born Jews, of course I had to elope, and came down to Stafford. I first built tbe mill, whicb is the mostpopu- Isr patent ever taken in England. The coffee pot, end many other small patents, take exceedingly well. The drainBge of Tixal Meadows is the greatest triumph I have bad in England. The carnage bridge for Earl Talbot is a most majestic end wonderfully beautiful tbing. Dukes, marquisses, earls, lords, &c.;, end ibeir ladies, ere coming to see it from all parts. I hare now more orders for bridges from tbearistooracy then I can exeoule in ten years, if I would do them. Indeed, I have been so mnch among the aristocracy of late, thai whsi with high living, being en sudden e Iran' anion from starving, I have been compelled to go through e course of medioine, end am juet now convalescent. Of course anything oncB built precludes the possibility of taking e patent in England, but ils merits and value era beyond calculation. A permanent, beautiful, and s'eady bridge may be thrown across B river half e mile wide, out of the reach of floods, snd without anything touching the water, at a most inconsiderable expense. I be American patent is well secured at home, I know. I shall continue to build n few more bridges of larger and larger spans, and one of ibem e railroad bridge, in order tbat 1 may perfect myself in tbem eo es to conmenoe fair when I reach America, I bare e great many more eccounte of my exploits since 1 came to Stafford, but muat defer sending them until next time. I beg you will write to me, for now, since s correspondence is opened, I shell be able to tell you something about England. I know it well. I have dined with earls, and from that down—down—down to where tbe knives, forks, and platee, are chained to the table far ten tbey sbould he stolen. I am, my dear sir. your obdt, servant, ? 