STATISTICS OF THE ISLAND. OCCUPATION, if not pleasure may be found by the declining merchant in ascertaining the rate of his speed backward; and the same kind of employment is imposed upon , journalists by the publication of the statistics for 1848. The book is more than usually bulky, and the returns are numerous and I important. They indicate the pace at which t the colony, financially and socially, has been travelling down hill, and exhibit the channels by which the revenue is drained off. The first tables refer to the population. On 1st .January, 1848, there were: Males. Females. Total. e Free emigrants ............ 7391 ... 6427 ... 13,818 c Born in the colony ......... 9138 ... 9217 ... 18,355 a Had been prisoners ......... 8832 ... 2687 ... 11,519 t, Ticket-of-leave holders ... 4749 ... 965 .. 5,714 , Convicts in govt. employ... 8660 ... 1098 ... 9,758 ,t Ditto in private service ... 7278 ... 1438 ... 8,716 a Troops with their families.. 1765 ... 481 ... 2,246 a Aborigines ..................... 15 ... 23 ... 38 p Total ................................. . 70,164 n Excepting the natives, troops, and con victs at punishment stations, there were r 9,047 males, and 8,532 females married; p 33,262 males, and 13,300 females unmar- a ried. The ages are given as below :- Males. Females. Total. al Under 2 years ............ 1,790 ... 1788 .. 3,578 ti 7 ......... 3,388 ... 3443 ... 6,831 is 14 ............ 3,133 ... 3000 ... 6,133 t 21 ............ 2,084 ... 2272 ... 5,076 a 45 ............ 26,192 ... 9479 ... 35,671 it 60 .............. 4,078 ... 1526 ... 5,604 e Upwards ..................... 924 ... 324 ... 1,248 t' n Total ............... .................... 64,141 tI The emigration from Van Diemen's Land I in 1848 to Port Phillip is 2,797; Sydney, a 280; Adelaide, 415; other places, 307. Of F 3,799 adults who left, 2,400 were free r persons, 978 prisoners who had served their t sentences, and 421 holding conditional par dons. T''he diminution of the free population ii in a greater ratio ,thdin that of the other class a is thus established; but the precise amount g cannot be ascertained. The next table, show- c ing the number of persons that had arrived o in 1848, includes troops, and, is thus ren- i dered useless for the purpose of comparison. e i'he passengers who arrived from Melbourne e during ihe year ambunted to 841 : so that i about 2,000 free persons had permanently removed to Port Phillip. During the same v year 925 male convicts, and 509 female, with 26 children, were landed in the colony ; and up: to :this date 946 male. and 965 E female prisoners have been polred in this year. If we assume that the free population •is the same at'this moment as it was on the I 1st January, 1848, viz., 32,173, the esti mate will be considered liberal in the face of the return.of departures: to the 24,388 pri soners 'then in the colony there have to be added :3,345 fresh arrivals in the course of ,twenty .months. The :registrar's return shows that on 1st January, 1849, there were: 'Ticket-of-leave holders ............... 10,244 :Passholders ..-.......................... 12,162 Under probation ...................... 3,053 25,459 Of which 21,494 were males, and 3;965 females. Seven hundred and ninety-nine marriages were celebrated during the year 1848: 1,653. births were registered, viz., 858 males, and 795 females: and 773 deaths, 463 males, 310 females, being free: the mortality among the convict population is stated to be 244. These figures relating to population are sufficiently significant, and require no comment: the pressure yet con tinues, and the social strength of the com munity is still forced out--a ruinous process of depletion is going on, which nothing but the restoration of confidence among those that remain can check. BT3ief Reasons for leaving the English lstablishment. By J. Do0soN (late Vicar of Cockerham, Lancashire). Lon don: Partridge & 'Oakey. Mlr. Dodson, late Vicar of Cockerham, Lancashire, has just issued his " Brief Reasons for leaving the English Establish ment." Inr the: perusal of Mr. Dodson,:as in the case of Mr. Noel, the reader is forcibly struck with the remarkable maturity of his views. The author.appears to have made a comiiplete surrender of his understanding to the Sacred Scriptures earnestly, honestly, fearlessly discarding every consideration but one-to know the iiill of :God,-- and having ascertained that :knowledge, heedless of consequences, he has .promptly yielded himnself up to the Divine oracle. The pamplihlet opens witha series of para gralphs, remarkabledttor calmness, clearness, and modesty; and thus, by degrees, the reader is prepared for the reasons to be submitted to him. Mr. Dodson is not, as it was at first supposed, a convert of Mr. ri Noel's, but Mr. Noel has been the instru ment of his confirmation. The questibn, it t seetns, has been long before Mr. Dobson's C mind, but he confesses that the perusal of tc Mr. Noel's book has greatly contributed to ci help on his decision, and that to Mr. Noel w lie is also indebted for ' a juster apprecia- C tion of the voluntary question than he pre- st viously possessed." Mr. Dodson fully esti mates the position in which he has placed bl himself by the step he has taken. Refer ring to Mr. Noel, he thus expresses his C viewsof the opponents of thatgentleman :- o " In making these avowals of obligation to that eminent individual, the cost has been counted; the tc consequences are understood. To approve what others condemir-to justify what all agree in repro, s bating-to confess one's self influenced by a book which, it seems, not only the sixteen thousand mi. nisters of the establishment, but some voluntaries and presbyterian free churchmen, affect to deprecate f as weak and worthless; this is evidently, if not hap- di pily to escape censure, by placing one's self beneath contempt, to insure no very flattering or enviable al measure of it. ' Nevertheless, the avowal, being claimed by truth and justice, is not withheld. Nor, if the truth must be spoken, does the avowal cost any very painful effort,-for he cannot but feel, that whatever h weight the arguments of Mr. Noel's aidversaries may derive from the numbers and character of those who urge and acquiesce in them, that weight is materi ally diminished, alike by the position of those par- t. ties, and the temper they have displayed,-whilst it dt is little enhanced by the intrinsic value of the argu- bd merts themselves. If, indeed, one circumstance, as much as another, has tended to confirm the writer " in his long cherished prepossessions against the established system, it is not merely the presentation h to his mind of Mr. Noel's irresistible facts andargu- b ments, but, perhaps, equally the circunmstance of that book's having been assailed, at once sogene rally, so unfairly, so acrimoniously, and so feebly. tn it has been pecutliarly ilstructive to note how, in attacking Mr. Noel, the best have forgotten their charity and lost their temper; whilst the ablest have reasoned feebly, and, in 'too many instances, disho- P nestly. And then, again, as regards the.position of the assailants, he thinks:that without'imputing con- t, scious insincerity to a single individual of the 16,000 ' clergymen who repudiate Mr. Noel and his views, it must yet be conceded, that their position does, and must, detract materially from the weight which e the opinion of so large a number of enlightened and C good men would ordinarily possess: in fact, that it p cannot be, and'ought not to be, forgotten,-that that opinion is in favor of a system which is truly far more indebted to them than they to it, but in which they are, nevertheless, interested, not merely to the I extent of some five millions annually, but to the F extentof their position in society; their prospects in f life, and those of their families; and still more, as v they think, however erroneously, of all their means of usefulness to God and his church. This fact will, and must be remembered. These men, at least t many of them, are worthy of the highest admiration U and honor, and are, it is believed, as free from all i selfish considerations as human beings can be; but still their position is a fact ;. the recollection of which, whilst it ought to induce much'modety and forbearance on their part in giving their pinlon, even against a contemptible minority of 'their I brethren, must needs, at the same time,'dtetract I something from the weight of that opinion, in the I judgment of impartial men. And it may be added further, that the recollection of this fact may serve to repel that charge of presumption ishich so naturally suggests itself, when, as in the present i case, two or three individuals venture to oppose their judgment to that of an overwhelming majority." Mr. Dodson reduces the entire argument to manageable dimensions, and conducts it to the only result to which it can be con ducted by reason, truth, and Scripture; and the conclusions to which he is led, he thus gives, summarily: " If we look at the results of the established sys tem, we find our judgment of its principles and acts by no means discredited. The results of the system are, indeed, such as altogether to confirm me in the conviction, that the establishment is rather a hin derer, than a promoter, of the cause of truth. How, indeed, can it be otherwise ? " If the state is suffered by Christians to usurp Christ's place, if Christ is practically deposed from the government of his church, can it be expected that he will visit her with many tokens of his presence? If her principles and practice are erroneous in so fundamental a matter, is it not likely that her spiritual prosperity will suffer a dimi nution ? " If prelates are appointed:by worldly statesmen, can the stream rise higher than its fountain ? Can we reasonably expect that many of the rulers, so appointed, will prove to be 'good men, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost,' 'such as fear God, men of truth, hating covetousness'? How can' we buit expect to see worldliness pervading the establish ment, as the rule and notas the exception,from:the episcopal bench down to its lowest members? " If prelacy and lordship amongst ministers are proscribed by God's word, as opposed to the spirit of Christianity-nay, as part and parcel of' the mystery of iniquity' -can we wonder, if, in practice, the sys tem is found little conducive to the edifying of' the body of Christ? " If the establishment's system of patronage is essentially 'worldly-if' not a shadow of regard is 'had to Christian character in those who appoint the pastors of churches-if interest, and money, and simony, are constantly' forcing men into the cure of souls,-how can the ministers of'the establishment be, in general, spiritual, evangelical, and:devoted men? " And if;, further, the formularies of the establish ment give an'uncertain.sound as regards the truth tray, if they contain much positively erroneous teaching, at the best, placing truth and falsehood side by side, how.can it be, considering the prone ness of man to error, but that 'the spiritual percep tionsof those who are compelled to use those formu laries will, in the .lorin run, become dimn, and that error will be foumndsrite in her pulpit$? " And then again, if all exercise of discipline is criminally abandoned in the admission or rejection of its members-if every fence is left broken down, .and the wolves and the sheep are allowed to mingle in the fold indiscriminately, what but havoc and e ruin can be the result ? " And if ungodly persons are compelled to sup- tl port this system, will that circumstance predispose their minds to receive ,from it the gospel ? and if C Christian dissenters from this system are compelled Il to support, whilst they conscientiously dislike and c condemn it, as hurtful to the cause of truth, and are y meanwhile maligned as schismatics and heretics, ii what can result but murmurings and heart burnings ? Can even gppd men be reasonably expected to rest satisfied under such circumstances d " Lastly, if.prelates are persecutors,-if the esta- p blishment itself is a persecutor, as wielded by them f -who can imagine that it will either retain in its e communion God's people, or convert his enemies? Can coercion. produce union ? Did injustice and oppression ever command respect, or conciliate t affection ? I. '. A'd, accordingly,'it does not at all surprise us, d to observe, that, whilst the establishment is power- t ful for evil, the good which it effects is incalculably small, compared with its apparent means. We can not, under the circumstances, be at all surprised, to find. that, notwithstanding its five millions of annual F income (equal to a provision of about £300 a-year I for each of its 16,000 ministers, a number equal to t dividing the whole population of England and Wales amongst them, by taking each a flock of about a thousand souls),-that, notwithstanding this, the masses of the nation (n'ow 300 years after the reformation) are heathen; whilst the bulk of C the remainder (leavingouit the 3,000,000 who dissent e from the establishment)-the bulk of those who e have been baptised and educated in the establish- f meht,;and confirmed by its bishops and who assem' ble at its communion table, are little better than I aominal 'Christians, the large majority of its'.miis- 5 ters being meanwhile unconverted men,-men who. I deride the 'very idea of conversion as apart from e baptism. .I am perfectly well aware that this state ment df.the resiults of the establishmeht will be stigmatised as a calumny-but it is, 1 believe, a fact. E I believe it, and therefore 'l have spoken it. And I a have so spoken, not only from my conscientious E belief, but from lengthened experience and observa- c tion. Moreover, I believe the fact to 'be too 1 notorious to need any attempt to prove it. 1 speak s to honest men. Let such judge. "-I trace these results to the system. I:believe that the gospel, if not hindered by the system, would produce far better results than these." To these Mr. Dodson adds several more t reasons, in which he contends that the Voluntary'SyStem would' not lie found want ing were every form of Christianity dis- C established to-morrow. Mr. Dodson's sa- t crifices are such as to :f'rnish the strongest possible guarantee for his sincerity and. integrity. He has, more than most men, had a lengthened Bill of Reasons to dispose t of in taking such a step. His living was, purchased by his family some fourteen or fifteen years ago, for the sum of £7000;* while its annual emoluments were between £600 and £700, with a beautiful parsonage I and its accompaniments of gardens, land, I and so forth. But this is only a part; Land perhaps, to a main of his 'spirit, the smaller part of the sacrifice lie is compelled to make. Let us hear him state his own case: "In leaving the establishment, I do not of necessity leave all. I do not exchange, as many, in taking the same step, would have to do, competency for penury. And yet, after all, perhaps, even in this case, the sacrifice may be underrated. It is surely something, to alienate friends, and displease con nexions. It is something, to relinquish position, influence, and honor. It is, perhaps, not much, to be voted vain, weak, and crochetty-; to be charged with wrong and disparaging motives; and to be re. viled as a renegade and apostate; by those .who never sought truth, and know not, and care not, what truth is. To be thus the object of considerable wrath, bitterness, clamour, and evil-speaking, and even of proscription, and persecution in its minor forms, on the-part-both of interested and disinterested meddlers -this is what may, doubtless, .be borne, not only easily, but cheerfully,when we regard such ebullitions as, what they really are, Satan's formal attestation to the truth of our principles. Butt if these things are easy to bear, there are others, to which we cannot be so insensible. It is not an easy matter to tear from one's heart the associations of a life; and still less, to sever the links of a ministerial connexion, most plea sant and endeared, of twice seven years. And, least of all, can we be indifferent to the awful thought, that, by quitting our post, (though at the call of duty,) we may, not improbably, be opening a door, for an enemy to enter in, to the deadly wounding of those highest ititerests of our flock, which we have long learntto identify with our own. " And though .it is, doubtless, much easier,;it is what few would needlessly choose, to cast away much of their children's patrimony;. to relinquish'for them advantages.of station; and to shade their fair pros pects of education and advancement. Nor is it, altogether, without a pang, that we can abandon the scenes of our brightest, best, and happiest days, scenes which our own hands have created and embel: lished, and which are hallowed by all our fondest recollections, and dearest associations,not' only with the living, but with many who are departed. Still, I shall not 'attempt'to deny, ifany choose'to-assert •it, that even all this.is light, in comparison-with the sacrifices, which some would be called to make, in taking- the like step. " And so far, doubtless, the weight of this testi mony must suffer diminution. "Such,-however, as the testimony is, and such as its circumstances are, Ijoyfully leave the result of-it with -lim who can, if He will, 'perfect his own praise, out of the mouths of babes.' " The book ismnainly designed :for church men-and by:everychurchman who wishes to have a conscience void of offence, it should be read. 