I THE YEAR 1849. TUB BIGHTBBN HIJNDRBD AND PORTY-NINTH TBAB OF CHRIST. 57981h after tho Creation of the* Wortd, accord- ing to Scnglier's computation : but the 5953d year, according to LT J Jeri us. , IT is TUB 65S2<1 of the Julian period. 2025th year of Olympiad. 2602d year of the building of Rome. 5810th year of the Jewish computation, which begins with the 13th of September. 1285th year after the Hegira. 7357thyear according to the modern Greek ca- lendar. 783d year of the Norman line in England. 695th year since tho Conquest of Ireland by England. 085th year of the Plantagenet line. 450th year of tho line of Lancaster. 3S8thyear of tho lino of York. 361th year of the tine of Tudor. 332J year since the reformation of Luther. 224th year of thc Stuart linc. 135th year since tho accession of the house of Brunswick ; and the 13th year of our Sovereign Queen Victoria. Pearls before Sioine-A fisherwoman was tim other day on n professional visit to a lady in Inverness. The latter, after presenting her friend with a glass of some kind of cordial, handed her bread spread over with marmalade, which, however, thc olfer.ded guest threw down with a countenance expressive uf tho utmost disgust. Not understanding thc cause, the lady asked what was the matter. "Na, na," said tlie other, "ye may gi'e that to ycr High- land folk as long ns ye like ; but I'm nae gacu to catsaft sape o'my bread." A Practical Joke on the Stage.-He men- tioned that Jack Johnstone, commonly known as "Irish Johnstone," the original Dennis Bul- gruddery, had once played off a mischievous prank upon poor old Murray, in "Richard the Third." Murray, who usually enacted Henry the Sixth, had, in that character, been killed by Richard, in the first oct ; and being anxious lu leave thc theatre ns carly as possible, had doffed the royal hose, and replaced them with his or- dinary nankeen pantaloons ; but the exigencies of the piece requiring him to be raised partially through a trap, to speak a few lines, ns his own ghost, in the "Tent scene," he had retained the doublet of black velvet and bugles, not intend- ing to be raised higher than what might be sufficient to exhibit his head and shoulders above the stage. Johnstone, however, watched his opportunity, and going below, in the very mid- dle of tlie royal spectre's speech, gave the winch that worked tho trap-door two or throe sharp turns, thus screwing up the substantial shadow considerably above thc waistband, and displaying tho strange incongruity of his costume, to the admiration of the house, I Tho effect was irresistable, and he was hailed with roars of laughter. Origin of the Name and Family of Ii' Is- raeli.-My grandfather, who became an Eng- lish denizen in 1743, was an Italian descendant from one of thoso Hebrew families whom the Inquisition forced to emigrate from the Span ist» peninsula nt tho end ot thc fifteenth century, and who found a refuge In the more tolerant ter rltorlcs of the Venetian llopublic. His ances- tors had dropped their Gothic surname on their settlement in tho Terra Firma, and grateful ty tho God of Jacob who had sustained them through unprecedented trials, and guarded them througtn iinlienrd-of-perlls, they assumed (he name ol! U'lsrncli, a name never before borne before or since by any other family, in order that their race might be for ever recogniz«d. Undisturbed and unmolested they flourished as merchants for more than two centuries under tho protection of tho lion of St. Mark ; which was hut just, as tim patron-saint of the republic was himself a child of Israel.- H. WIsraeli'* Introductory Notice to the Curiosities of Literature : New Edi- tion. Hunting in Algeria.- An Algiers journal gives the following account of a panthei hunt : -" On thc morning of the 12th a young man of the commune of St. Amelie, named Rutty, set some snare in the environs fur jackals, but on going some tiste afterwards with Iiis brother tu examino whether any were caught, was sur- prised on finding that tho snares bad been re- moved. Thc two young men, in seeking about for them, arrived at a small ravine called La Eontains des Trembles, where a panther sprang suddenly upon them, and slightly tore one of them; bulby their joint resistance, the animal was driven olf. On returning to the village, and giving tho alarm, fourteen of the inhabitants, directed by young Rutty, who was not wounded, and his father, went to tlie spot with all the arma ' they could collect, in search of the panther. Dogs having been turned into the thlckot, tba panther sprang out, and immediately received six shots fiom ns many guns, but was able ta make a second spring, and was met with a second discharge which, however, did not kill bim, and] he was able to roach tho top of a hill, on which two men named Vachette and Gulllermain har] posted themselves. They both fired at him point blank, and bath shots told. Still the panther 'hadstrongth enough to seize Gulllermain, ano! pull him down. Vachette went to his rescue, ano! a frightful struggle ensued between the two mea and tho beast. Gulllermain was severely torn, but Vuchetto, who preserved his self-possession, thrust his hand and urm up to the shoulder intii the throat of tho panther, nnd thus hold it till tho dogs came up and attacked it, and kept it ul bay till tho hunters arrived, nnd at last killed it. Tlie wounded men were taken, but with great difficulty, back to tho village. The inhabitants afterwards carno to nn unanimous resolution that tho whola of tho reward granted by tlie govern- ment for killing a panther should be given ta the wounded, that their lauds should be ploughed, and sown for them, and that a collection, madei for them at tho Instant, should bo givon to thom, towards their support till their recovery. In thc-, night of thc 12th another panther, believed to ben tlie malo of the ono that was killed, was heard.' howling round tho village.-Gallanani'* Alts-t senger. An American lecturer on wives says-" As well might tho farmer have tho Venus do Me-, diets placed in his kitchen for a wife as some of. our fashionable women. Indoed, it would be \ much better to have Lul's wife standing there ; she might salt his bacon." A young lady says, tho reason she carries a parasol ls, tho sun ls of tho masculine gender. and she cannot withstand his ardent glances. ' Politeness is like an air cushion-there may be nothing soliJ in lt, but it cases jolts wonder- fully. !. Destiny.-Annexation.- " Tomi where did ,' you get that cloak P" " Oh, I annexed it, and ' I'm going to acquire a dress coat somehow, if I j can establish a territorial government over a ] dozen silver spoons I picked up. lt's destiny- . it's Anglo Saxonism. . j i--?--^--i--n Printed and Published for the Proprietory by ' Gnoa.au FBaatms PIOKB&INO; at tho Office of *".» Svdriey," No. 3, Park-itraet, 