THE ROMISH CHURCH. Previous to Pishop Willson's departure for Norfolk Island and Sydney, he directed a "pastoral," as it is called, to be published and distributed, calling on the members of the Roman Catholic body in this island to raise con tributions in aid of his Holiness the Pope, " in his present temporal necessity." This is very .rich, very. Willi the principal church in debt more than £3000, or its trustees, - on its account, and with a dispute existing which cannot, he'says, lie healed without money, — -lie solicits aid for (lie Sovereign- Pontiff, who lives better than any other religious fighting-cock, in the palace of Gaeta, with thousands of Irish fellow-Catholics perishing from absolute want at home, he asks tliose he believes dare not refuse him, to put their money 'in the plate, or "to forward their pious contributions to the nearest pastor as soon as possible." Is it not a wicked proposition, when many of these people have their fatheis, brothers, and children famishing in Ireland ? Rut Pishop , Willson says, " this illustrious and incomparable Pontiff has become stripped of all earthly means of support either for himself, &c.;" Poor gentleman 1 is it pos sible? Is lie who says litis, not mistaken? May his Holiness'1 not - have some " eaithly means of support ?'— some few thousand ducats stowed away in a sly corner, so as not to render it necessary for any olhcr than his hrotlier- officexs,;'tfic P»hops, to assist him ? We should have thought the Rev. J J. Therry, in his medal and pecuniary distresses, and the 'irusteer, should have been considered before the Pope ; but what light have we 1 6 think? Have we not been denounced ? PASTORAL. Robert William, by the Grace of God and Favor 'of the Holy und Apostolical See, Bishop of Hobart Town, to the Catholic Gleryy, Secular and Regular, and Faithful of our Diocese, greeting and Benediction in our Lord Jesus Christ. : You have hoard, no doubt, of the revolt of a wild and wicked party of men in Italy, who, witli the hallowed word of liberty on their lips, but witli cruelty and violence in their hearts, have compelled His Holiness, Pope Pius IX., to quit tho temporal sovereignty of his kingdom, and seek for shelter in the Neapolitan slates. Driven bv the furv of a band of men, who suddenly soized the reins of Government, men without reli gion, or principle, or property to lose, this illustrious and incomparable Pontiff fas become stripped of all earthly means of support, either for himself, or for the .maintenance of that establishment necessary for carrying on affairs so important and extensive as those of the Uuiversal Church. Religious duty, and reverential affection, then, combine in , pointing out to us, his children in Christ Jesus our Lord, the propriety of stepping forward and of joining our brethren in lie fait h, throughout the wide extent of the world, in rendering such aid as our humble means may afford. Nor, beloved in the Lord, docs the fact of our dwelling at the " uttennost.parts ,o'f the earth," render our duty less imperative, or our affections loss ardent to the Supremo Pastor of God's Church ; . no, rather shall we gladden his paternal heart the more, when informed of the fact, that the momiiers of 'the ancieiit'faith, dwelling oil this , remote Island,' sympathize with him- in his banishment from his temporal kingdom, and, with their humble1 means cheerfully en deavour to- aid him -in his present -.temporal , ne cessity. ' .. " From the rising to the setting of the sun," does his spiritual kingdom extend ; and millions upon millions, who claiin ,him' as the Chief ' PoutifF on earth, will "daily petition that Almighty Being who permits tas! chastisements to sinful men, wars, famines, robollioiis, and pestilence, to protect this incomparable Chief. Bishop, from tho violoneo of the infuriated and blood-thirsty, and guard liiin against (he crafty stratagems, and canning designs of a lawless and depraved band of men. It may, probably bo well to observe, that many of our countrymen, who, from the prejudices of early education, or the want- of proper. informa tion, or from a variety of other cauxcs, have, oven in the public prints, loudly exulted at this cala mity, and Have predicted, what has. been predict ed a thousand and a thousand times during these last tlireo hundred years, " the downfall of the Papacy," because the Chief Pontiff has been obliged to leave lloine. Nay, many liavo, in imi ation of hundreds of others on former occa sions, supported (as they thought) these predic tions by cortain texts from the holy Scriptures, especially from the Revolutions of tit. John ; and although they havo'seeir their predecessors, in expounding somo of tho mystic language of Holy Writ, givo most signal proofs of ignorance and impiety, bystrainingand turning the sacred word of Cod in support of these fanciful theories, no thing daunted, proclaim to tho world that now tho time has arrivod — that now the texts.ofscrip- turo thoy adduced aro fulfilled — that now the Papacy shall ho no more ! These expounders of Holy Writ- seem to forgot, tliat.it was men, Jesus Christ invested the power, "not.cities. A city miiy he destroyed, or a Chief Bishop may be banished from his see; or lie may bo put to a violent death, but the poweu conferred on the Chief BisliOp, by the Almighty, for a purpososo Holy, and so important as that of .ruling Ilis Church, will never he destroyed. " I sag to thee : " that thou art Peter : and upon this rock J will "build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not " prevail against it." — St. Matt., xvii. 10. Martyrdom has been tho lot of a vast number of tho predecessors of the illustrious Pontiff Pius IX. Banishment from Rome has also heen the fato of many otliors. From the year 1300, when Pope Clomont V.-filled tho chair of St. Peter, to 1378, in tho time of Gregory XL, nearly seventy years, tho sovereign Pontiffs rosided at Avignon, in tho south of Franco ; but still tho governuieut of tho Church throughout tho world was not suspended, — all was carried on iii order, sub mission, and simplicity of arrangement, as if they had oecupiod the Vatican or Quirinal resi dences in Rome._ And, beloved in our Lord, so' it will bo now. The designs of Almighty God are fur above tho cotnpreliensioti of men. Martyrdom, or banishment, may he the fato of the Chief Pastors from time to time, hut the lino of these illustrious Prelates will never be broken Beloved in tho Lord, you may then smile in pity, for thoso who imagine that the Papal power is destroyed, 'and that Catholicity will now crumhlo away, because tho Venerable, and Jby all nations, Venerated Chief Bishop, has been .compolled to quit ancient Rome. For reasons most cogent, it appears fitting tho Chief Pontiff should not ho dependent upon tho will of any Sovoroigti, and Divine Providence will, no doubt, in its own good time, dispose and arrange all things in such order,- as shall secure to Christ's Vicar on oarth, tho freedom from earthly domi nion necessary for tho spiritual liberty of his Church. ' ; That we may provo1 our zeal and solicitude at this eventful period, we propose tiiat collections shall he made in tho .Churches on Sundays the 30 th September dad 7th October; and wo invito all our fleck who reside at a distance from the Church, to forward their pwus contributions to the nearest Pastor, as soon as possible, and join the faithful throughout the world, in hogging the Father of all mercy, and God of all consola tion, to comfort and protect our Chief Bishop, and give peace and concord to his Church. " The. grace. of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the " charity of God, and the communion' of the " Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen." Robert William, Bishop of Hobarton. Hobart Town Festival of the Nativity B. V. Mary, fllh Sept., mdcccxlix. 