EXTBAOKDIMASy INVESTIGATION. (From the 'Sunday Times.' JhIv l.i Court of Exchequer.— It is not often that the courts at Westminster-Hall are enlivened with such a case as that of 'Xottidge v. Ripley and nnother,' which has been reported in nur colums (the ' Times') in the course of the present week. There was no nice point of law involved in the discussion, none of those abstruse technicalities which render the proceedings of a legal tri bunal almost unintelligible to the general reader. The simple issue was, whether on a given statement of facts a lady could be considered of 'non-sane mind' and this definition of this term was supplied in the course of the investigation by the Chief Baron Pollock. That person is in law, to be considered of *nn mind who is 'dangerous to himself or to her heSdfSS others.' Beyond these limits we must not travel The circumstances of this case are told in a v'erv f words. Among the many sects, mis-named relieious tif have sprung up in this country there in one whicfi is £,„„ indifferently by the name of the Lampeter BrVthrPn ° the Family of Love. The peculiar tenets of this hoSi' its members are but few in number— came out in rt course of the trial, They never pray— according to th? own mystical jargon, they believe that the day of Draw and the day grace are past, and the time of judement i come. They accept, in many respects, the doetrinp. .1 the Church of England. Their distinguishing pecK is the enforcement of mirth and recreation as relS duties j and for ought that came out in the course of th investigation— when the counsel for the defendants wer much interested in establishing the opposite opinion their diversions appear to be of the most harmless if n~t of the most ridiculous character, as the following extract from the evidence will sufficiently illustrate :— ] Mrs. Prince: She said I am the wife of Mr. Prince and I have known the plaintiff in the present case for six 0 I seven years. She was always of a mild, gentle, calm and I lady-like frame of mind. I have known her since her re- I turn from the assylum at the ' Agapemone,' where I now I live. She has been since mild, gentle, and perfectly cor I rect in her mind. I Cross-examined— Her mind was just the same aa be. I fore. She was the same in all respects except as to her I health. I am the daughter of the Rev. Dr. Starkit I ana am me sister or tne Mr. starKie who lives at the I Agapemone. We have very healthful recreations. InW I at hockey. I play on the Sunday. Whatever m fa£ I do in praise of God, and in praise of God only, My creed I is the same as that of the Church of England, as to iti ? doctrine, but I do not pray. I have no objection to ita I Apostles. I believe in God the Father, in God the Son I and in God the Holy Ghost ; all in one person. We ah- I jure all prayer, for we consider the day of prayer is nait, I that the day of grace is past, and that the day of judg. I ment has arrived. That is what we believe. I Mrs. Harriet Price. — I am the wife of Mr. Price, who I was examined on Saturday. I am one of the sisten of I the plaintiff. We were brought up together. After my I marriage she came to visit me. I am now living in the I Agapemone. Her mind is perfectly steady, calm, trail- I quil, and lady-like in every respect. I Cross-examined. — I was married on the 9th of July, 1845, the same day as my two sisters. We went down on the 9th, and we agreed to marry these three gentlemen the day after our arrival at Taunton. We were not told by Mr. Prince that it was the ' will of God' that we should marry these three gentlemen, though it was by the will of God that we did marry them. I knew that it wai the will of God, but I cannot tell you how I knew it was so. Geo. V. Thomas. — I am in Deacon's offices. I live at Charlinch in the Agapemone, and married one of the piainun s sisters, x rcmemuer tne piaintirr oeing taken away from Charlinch. Her mind was perfectly sane and proper in every respect. Cross-examined. — She enjoys some of the healthy re creations of the Agapemone, but she does not play hockey. I have played on Sundays at hockey. I am confident that the day of grace has past, and that the judgment hat arrived. By the Court : The family consists of fifty or sixty, some married and some single — about equally divided. There are some young children belonging to the family it the Agapemone, the youngest being 24 to 25 yean old, and the plaintiff is about the oldest. Arthur Mayburn : I live at Charlinch, and am a sur geon and apothecary. I am a member of the College of Surgeons. I know the plaintiff, and have done so since 1846\. She has not required any medical assistance. Her mind is perfectly sound and her temper pefectly gentle, Cross-examined: My wife and myself live at Agt femone, and my practice is now confined to the inmatei, have no delusion on my own mind, but I believe thai the day of grace has passed, and the day of judgment to have arrived. (Laughter.) John Williams. — I live at Agapemone. I am an inde pendent gentleman, and do not follow any profession. 1 have known the plaintiff from 1846, both before and since her having been taken from Charlinch. Her mind is per fectly calm and ladylike. Cross-examined. — I am one of the ' single gentlemen on the establishment. I was a farmer. It is on theprin ciple of ' life made easy.' I am of a cheerful disposition. I entertain the same opinion as the other witnesses in tint case. I don't pray, but I desire continually from my in* ward man to pray. God tells me that the spirit convince! the flesh, and that the spirit of sin convinces you of sin. It is the spirit of truth— it is the spirit within that God looks to, and not to the outward and visible thing or sign. The sun, the moon, and the stars, they are the only outward and visible manifestations of God. Now, |J Agapemone we are able to see by the spirit. The plaintiff is as sane as myself. God says we shall be joyful and happy, and why not ? The plaintiff has never been senoui since she believed in the truth. That is like myself, but the nnimnl snirit in us is different. It is a different spint that animates my nature. Her's is a joyous andquiet spirit, and that is the difference between the spirit in W and the spirit in me. There is no difference in exhibition but in the manner of manifestation. No you (&r; '? Thesiger) are serious, and I am happy and merry. l^0' Laughter.) The spirit does not teach me that I am to » heavy, dull, and serious, but you are of a gloomy spj' but I am not so. It is my privillege to be merry. »D (the plaintiff) does not dishonour God by being so also. If God is not life, happiness, and joy. then we do no know what God means. But love of life is incomprehen sible. God is almighty, and he does not want «V^ ance. He does everything of his own power. Your no* (Sir F. Thesiger) ought to be an ' Agapemone. , Now, it was for her adhesion to this sect that a laov middle age, against whom no act of insanity, beyono fact of her entertaining these religious opinion couio shown, was violently torn away by certain otbettne from a cottage where she was peacefully residing.f^' carcerated in a mad-house for the space of W»*'L months. It was Miss Nottidg's brother-in-law, .J« . ? — — ^ 5 f Binlev who so acted, with the consent of Miss £Dlft i^Xs mother and other members of the family. Mr. t °}l v who was in company with two other gentlemen, P wded to the cottage where Miss Nottidge was living; P «litby the back way ; dragged her out of the house, 6 fvitlKtanding her struggles ard screams, and conveyed I to the asylum of a Dr. Stillwell. at Hillingdon, near x i n Here she remained until she succeeded in ff rtin^ |,er escape, and communicating with her friends, til pv8s recaptured by a keeper ,aud conveyed again to the i But her relations had now ascertained the 1 U of her confinement, and were in a condition to make P 'plication t0 t[,e Commissioners of Lunacy. An in 'n t eation immediately took place, which terminated in rif release of Miss Nottidge from the confinement to Vet she hod been so uujllstly committed by certain inem v| of her family. For 17 months this unfortunate lady i at compelled to endure all the horrors of attributed mad ness in a madhouse, to make no mention of the terror and ony she endured, on the two occasions she was carried off by force- When an English jury was asked what amount of compensation shall be awarded to a person so foully and deeply agrieved, the reply falls strangely ou the ear-j'st ^50' ? 