ENGLAND AND ROME IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. 'Punch. ' has lately been very mischievous as well as amusing in our little community; and now, it seems, the rival prelates are likely to create a diver sion, the beatine-of ' the drum ecclesiastic' at West terrace having elicited a martial response from the Cathedral Church of South Australian Protestantism. On ' the Feast of St. John the Baptist' the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide thought proper to address the following Circular ' To the Clergy, Secular and Regular, and all the Faithful,' making 'a charitable appeal' on behalf of Pope Pius the Ninth, and directing collections to be made at all the masses on two successive Sundays : — Francis, by the Grace of God. and favour of the Apostolic See, Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, and Vicar-Apostolic '.? of the Province of South Australia. To the Clergy, Secular and Regular,, aud to all the Faithful, health and benediction m the Lord. — Dearly beloved Brethren and Children in Jesus Christ — Whilst our venerable and illustrious Chief Pontiff, after the example of his Divine Master, is now drinking -with holy resignation the bitter chalice of sufferings and affliction — whilst in voluntary exile he is now mourning over the calamities and misfortunes entailed upon the Church and his Pontificate, by a few .'degenerate, ungrateful, and Infidel subjects— whilst he -is struggling agaiust poverty and pe cuniary difficulties — and whilst the voice of every Catholic Bishop is heard throughout Europe and America imploring their respective flocks not to desert their Chief Pastor in this hour of his need arid trial— shall we, brethren, whoaJiUle time ago have had the unspeakable happiness and conso lation to kneel at his venerable feet, and to receive from him, /or. you aud your children, his choicest benedictions ; shall we look on with coldness and indifference at the suf ferings of the Sovereign Pontiff, arid bear no part in alleviating the heavy -weight of misfortunes with which it has pleased an inscrutable Providence to afflict him ? Forbid it duty, forbid it piety and charity, forbid it the position which we hold in, the Church of God ! We, therefore, after the. example of all the Catholic Pre ,htes of Europe and America, do now make a charitable appeal to our beloved flock, and fervently solicit them to contribute v generously — each according to his ability— to remove those pecuniary embarrassments with which his Holiness ia surrounded, to enable him to act -with inde pendence, aud to meet those manifold pressing expenses which he is compelled to incur whilst carrying on the Government of the Universal Church. ; ... Although our flock is comparatively small, and our pecu niary means limited — although we have it not in our power to realize for the necessities of our Spiiitual Father a sum commensurate with our affectionate wishes— still we may confidently hope that the little which we give will be moBt gratefully received ; and, amidst the many streams of filial benevolence which are now flowing in upon the Chair of Peter from every quarter of the Christian world, we may rest assured that our bumble rimlet of affection and love, the first- fruits of a new episcdpate and a new vineyard, will not be least acceptable or consoling to his p&ternat; bosom, traversing, ns it must do, a distance of fourteen thousand miles, and deriving its source from the hearts of spiritual children the moat distant, perhaps, of any in the world from tho Holy and Apostolic See. We therefore direct that a collestion be made in this cha pel, at a!l the masses on next Sunday and the Sunday fol lowing ; and that the proceeds of the collection, accompa nied with au affectionate address, signed by the Bishop and clergy on behalf of themselves and the faithful, be trans mitted without delay to Pius IX. our venerable and illustri ous Supreme Pontiff. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amon. , - (Signed) f Francis, , Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, and Vicar Apostolic of South Australia. Given at Adelaide, on the Feast ) of Saint John the Baptist, - ? ? ? Juue24th. 1849. ' - -. r . Now, we see nothing in this document to call forth asperities from any other denomination of Christians ; but our Protestant Bishop,' touched, it would appear with the spirit of diocesan rivalry, forthwith prepared a formal Protest against the assumed universality of the Roman diocese, which, being signed by his clergy, was read from the chancel of Trinity Church last Sabbath. Here it is :— . Augustus, by Divine permission, Bishop of Adelaide, and, pursuant to the letters patent of her Gracious Mi. jesty Queen Victoria,. bearing date at Westminster June 25th, 1847, Ordinary Pustor of the Diocese of Adelaide— To thj Clergy and ajl tlie Faithful in this Diocese, grace and peace be rmi tiplied. ' Dearly beloved Brethren— Whereas it hath been brought to our notice that alms have been, solicited for the purpose of supporting the Bishop of Rome in bis pretended claim to carry on the government of the Universal Church. rucIi claim being contrary to the Word of Gud, the primitive order of the Catholic Church, and the law -f Ritglan-l, affirming the Queen's Majesty to te, under God, within h*r dominions, supreme in all causes and over all persons, ecclesiastical or civil : and whereas such claim, and ill jurisdiction, superiority, or pre-eminence emanating therefrom, under any such style or title of Ca tholic Bishop of Adelaide, has, by solemn protest, bearing date March 25, 1843, been dissented from and contradicted by the liighr Reverend William Grant, Bishop of Adelaide, our predecessor, now Metropolitan of Australasia, Tas mania, nnd New Zealand : We, feeling in duty bound to maintain the lawful supremacy of our Lidy the Queen, the canonical order ot the Catholic Church, publicly wounded at this time by the pretended universal jurisdiction of the See of Rome, the rights of it by Jaw established in England find Ireland, as .veil ns those of ourselves and successors, Bishops of Adelaide, do hereby publicly protest against any and every act of episcopal authority done, or to be done, at any time by any person whatever, by virtue of any right or title derived from the assumed claim of the said Bishop of Rome to ecclesiastical sovereignty. - Fare ye well. Augustus, by Divine permission, Jand favour . of our Sovereign Ludy the Queen, Lord Bi-bop of Adelaide. Given at Adelide, . Tuesday the 3rd day of July, 1849 . . We, the undersigned Presbyters, duly licensed, within the Diouese and jurisdiction of the See of Adelaide, having been summoned by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide to advise with him concerning the matter refeired to in the above protest,and having maturely considered the same in Chapter assembled, do heartily concur in the safd protest, and re commend its heinu publicly read in the Cathedral Church, on Sunday, Ju'y 8th, at morning prayer, after the Nicene creed. ' . Jamks Karreix, Dean of Adelaide. Matthew B Hale. Archdeacon of Adelaide. W..J. Woodcock, Canon. T. P. Wilson, Canon. I, William Bartley, of Adelaide, in the province of South Australia, Notary Public, and Registrar of the Diocese, Kuly authorised and appointed, do hereby certily and attest thnt the forejjoini; protest whs duly made, signed, and sealed by the Right Reverend Augustus, by Divine permission. Bishop of Adelaide, in my presence, on the 3rd \Jay of July,' 1849, and to testily to the due execution thereof, 1 have granted tliese presents under my notarial form and seel of office. Done and passed in Adelnide, aforesaid, this 4tb day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-nine. Wm. Bahtley, Notary Public, Adelaide. We confess we do not see the necessity of this Protest. Such official bravadoes are become empty words, like the Pope's own Bulls and Manifestoes, once so powerful, and now utterly inefficacious, even in his own dominions. Everybody knows that the Church of England repudiates the assumed supre macy of the Roman See ; but everybody knows that our Sovereign 'Lady the Queen,' whether con sistently with her ' lawful supremacy' or contrary to it, has been advised, in late years, to sanction the ecclesiastical titles conferred by the Pope upon Romish prelates in all parts of the British dominion?. The British Goyernment having approved the official character of the Romish prelates, it is too late for their protesting episcopalian brethren to seek to undo, by powerless protests, the hierarchy bylaw established. We must accept the Romish hierarchy, as we do the Protestant, for as much as it is worth in these revo lutionary times. To us it appeared that the Roman Catholic Bishop's Address was drawn up with a deference to the f.elings ol Protestants highly complimentary to the South Australian population. We have read many contemporaneous appeals in the recent Eng lish papers, loaded with the most revolting,and, to our view, almost blasphemous, ascriptions of Divine titles and Scriptural language and allusions to the Pope. But in Bishop Murphy's pacific Address we find not a syllable of this kind, lt'isa 'chari- table appeal,' and lioihing more, to his own flock for ' the little »hi»-h will be most, gratefully re ceived,' that is, by the Pope, who begins to under stand his true position, and to change his language most edifyingly towards ' the faithful' with the change of times. His Holiness was not wont to use words supplicatory, enough to make even Pro testants pity his sad case, and contribute towards his personal wants, if they did not know that his real object is to regain the temporal possession of Rome, with the Papal States, and destroy that na tionality and liberty after which the Itnlians are yearning. Contemporaneously with these ap peals to the charity of ' the faithful,' the Pope is calling upon the Papal nations of Europe to ' let slip the dogs of war' and shed torrents of blood on his behalf. He may succeed in this direful project : but the money contributed by ' the faithful,' and the old names of old things put forth on paper, will not go far to help him in his extre mity. He requires a hundred millions sterling at a time when, through the great poverty and luke warmness of his adherents, a hundred thousand will not be forthcoming. We very much question if the publishing and reading from the altar of Bishop Murphy's mild «n'J Protestant-like Appeal would squeeze one hundred pounder out of the hard earnings of the South Australian Romanists, pro vided no other but this purely voluntary and open means were adopted by the priests. The Pro testants, in any case, have not much to fear on this score ; and the little they have to fear will not be removed by fulminating official protests -against official appeals. It is one arrowless feather? thrown against another, which may indicate, as : well as any other light and worthless thing, the current of the wind, but can serve for no real and valid purpose, if, indeed, it do not needlessly set the members of our new episcopate at variance with those of another. ? ' 