ILLUSTRATIONS OF CON?VCTISM IN VAN DIEIIEN'S LAND. (COaýIUNIScATED.) No. 2. In a former sketch of the working of the Sconvict system in Van Diemen's Landthe operation thereof, in the cases of some com r paratively innocent persons has been ilkus tcated-we have shown what a miserable faTi a false and artificial edUcr,.i.t,ltr'sed, linai l .., ....i.... I hrans ot sf ociety, and not upon the true principles of reason and good sense-may lead its victim to. We do not hold with the doctrine so much harped on, by many moralists or pretended moralists, that "one false step" is what generally leads people to ruin or degradation. The path of rectitude is not so narrow a hedgevway as that -there are broad principles of right anrd wrong in morals, which no. one who will; may mistake. It is the ingrained ignorance or moral obliquity in which msany persons in so-called civilised life are brought up frjm their very cradles, which leads to such re sults. Mrs Jones's "dear baby" has its nurse and all the appurtenances-its little carriage, &c.;, &c.; as it grows up it has its pony, because Mrs Smith's boy has one-and Mirs Jones can see no reason why her boy should not have the same ; very nice and very fair certainly,-if only 'rational-on the part of Mrs Jones. The question such people ought to ask themselves is :--Is my child entitled, either by hereditary fortune or by his future prospects from any other source, to be accus tomed to such things? is he likely to be able to enjoy a proporli'natell easy life hereafter or must there, in all probability, a time come, when he shall be compelled either to deny himself such things as he has been used to (and the longer he has been used to them the more painful the process of leaving thema off) or resort to dishonest means, in order to ob tain them? . Ah! such parents ought to remember the fable of mEsop, which tells of a son who, when brought to the gallows by means of such a mistaken home-edacation and having asked as a favor, to be 'ermaitted to whipser a few words into his mother'sear, bit off that organ, as a final attestation of his conviction, that she was the cause of his wretched fate. If .Esop had been acquainted with the convict gangsof Van Diemen's Land or Norfolk Island he would have had too much exemplification of the truth of his fable. It proves his knowledge of human nature, however. It has been said in our former sketch, that it is difficult to conceive any punishment more severe than is that of transportation to a man who has been used to a life of fashionable affluence. But there is the same punishment falls with even more intense severity-we allude to men of intel lectual cultivation and extensive acquirement. It is well known that some such are to be found in. convict gangs-alas I for human nature that it should be so; names might be mentioned, if it were not contra boses mores. Language, at least any at the command of the writer, seems scarcely adequate to express the mental sufferings of these unfortunate men; indeed, no lainguage intelligible to the vulgar mass of mankind could be expected to do so ; they are not capable of conceioueq the sufferines of such minds olaced in such positions. 'but if we cotild Ly possibility, convey it in adequate language, then we would a tale unfold, whose lightest word, dear reader, would harrow up thy soul with horrors as potent as those undiscovered ones, hinted at by the ghost in Shakspeare. If you doubt the possibility of men of high ac quirement being broughtinto such a position, we may call to your recollection the too cele brated Dr Dod, who in the reigr of King George Ill. wasexecuted for forgery, now pun ishable by transportation,-a man who ranked among the foremost of his age for learning and eloquence, and who had aspired, with fair chance of success, to the Episcopal mitre. Most readers know something of the history of Eugene Aram. In our own day we have had a melancholy instance in Dr Dionysius Lardner, whose works placed hisn high among the scientific men of these times. His crime compelled him to sacrifice his good name and eminent fame, and to fl e from his native land to save himself from a worse fate. " He fled in time and saved his life." To come still nearer "to the very period in which we live there are the Irish revolution ists of 1849. The felons according to law if you will-or the Patriots if you will--we gve no opinion here on that point, further than observing that most probably olth applications are about equally incorrect. However, this may be ; it is allowed even by their opponents, that there are morethan one man among them: of first-rate talents, and ofeminentintellectual powers, and who under more favorable aus pices might have ranked as the'ornaments it stead of the ntdealonf tsheir ernntry. R?t the bias of a false education in conjunction with fierce ambition or other passion, drew them front the paths of moderation, and impelled them to courses involving the complete de struction of all their earthly prospects Ah ! my early, and much-admired friend; are you too, among that doomed band? destined to wear out the whole, or greater share of your resmaining yeats-as a prisoner ! " Lie to tohe f ee.born eagle wills clip{t wins. I T whaui ute boldltess air alone Is hnume." Such instances painfully exeasplify the vanity of- earthly hopes. linut we uIust des cend to humbler spheres in pursuance of our purpose, viz., to illustrate convictism. Fromn the sublitle to the rldiculous--therre is often but one step, as Napoleon said whetl Ihe re turned in wretched plight from his Russian I expedition,-sonetlhitg of this kind occursl here. The various kinds of plmni.hent employed at a convict station to res(trai and coen1strain the disobedient and headstrong may here claim our notice, and first we shall speak of bloggieg. Has the reader had any experience in this pretty exercise? We do not mean either Ias lie been flogged, or has he acted thie part of flagelator, but simply has he ever witllessed thie operation? if tnot, the follow islg passage will give him sosie idea of it, belog takeni fromI actual life, The insatru ment for inflicting this species of punishment consists of nine pieces of hard knotted cord, attached to a wooden handle, both cord and handle being of such length and proportion as to give the greatest possible amount of power to the " flagelator." This officer, it may be mentioned, parenthetically, is held in much the same sort of estimation, though in an humble degree, as the " hasgmao,." In inflicting the punishment he is compelled to be severe to the utmost of his ability, a part of his duty being, between each stroke on the l back of his unhappy subject, to draw the tails of his ' cat' combtrise, through the fingers of his left hand, in order to free them from entanglement, and from blood! and then to flourish it high in the air that he may be able to lay it on with great force. If he neglect I thes important things, or attempts to skulk, and spare his subject, he runs the risk of being degraded from his high office. Having premised so much we shall proceed to illus trate, by instances taken as already stated, from actual life. Two young men have.ab sconded from the station, previously referred to, having preferred the liberty of wandering about in the ' wild bush,' depending for sub esistence, on chance, or robbery, to the .nooontonous and compulsory ease of a station" life., They have, done as with a'perfect know lgdge of the severe punishment which awaited .th'emi- when captured, which they were also 'tolerably certain of being sooner or.later. Such are the charms of freedom and variety, but more especially, it would seem, of the latter, because those men, and many others in similar circumstances, if not re-captured or finding a means of escape from the colony, would, in all probability, eventually return or give themselves up to the authorities. It would, therefore, seem to be the chlarm of cariet!! more than any other cause which in cites to such transgression of rule and art thority-according to the too strong ex pressiona of Lord Byron, "And e'en for cha:ge of scene would seek the shades below." However, to proceed with the narration. The two men alluded to Ahre been re-captured and are sentenced to receive "a hundred lashes each on the bare back," in the presence of their fellowv-convicts. Isn the slang language of their class, they are " is for it." Shocking thought! what they have so often and so long imagined, dreamt of, and dreaded, in their wanderings through the wild forest is now become a reality, from which there is no escape. That dreadful man who, with his little instrument of torture, has for some time past, haunted their imaginations like an avenging spirit, now stands in bodily presence before them, and looks like one determined to do his work--calmu, keen, and unfeeling, as the weapon itself, which he holds in his hand. By way of showing with what difference of severity this species of punishment falls on different individuals, some personal description of the tiro men now under notice is requisite. They are both young, but there is a marked difference in their respective forms and appearances, one is of rather a large size, and strongly made, hardy, and determined looking; he has evidently been the instigator of aLnd leader in the transgresiou for which they ate both about to suffer-he exhibits no fear, and expresses no sorrow for his fault, having wrought himself up to a state of fierce determination, and being resolved, come what may, to betray no faintheartedness. With the yies of u ore \--_'?7-nar ng n-ns-rca.?aUo-, lie contluses tL chew in an intent aind dogged manner some pungent root or herb, a substitute for tobacco, between his teeth. The other is a youth of a very different cast, being rather slight and delicate in form, and the weakness ofhis constitution is evinced by his manner, now that he is deprived of the fictitious strength which he derived from his comrade; as the dreadful day approaches, he has become more and mote unmanned, and when it at length arrives, he is brought forth like one dead, and now stands in sight of the doom which awaits him, trembling, and only kept from fainting by a sense of sharge, arising from that feeling of bravado, wtibch constitutes the esprit de corps of a convict gang. He has exhausted all the forms of entreaty, or argument, of which he is master, in the vain hope of having his punishment relaxed or commuted. The sentence has been passed and mnut be executed. One hope, however still remains to him, namely, the surgeon, whose duty it is in such cases to be present, and to regulate the punishment according to the constitutional strength of the culprit, or if necessary to avert it altogether, To this officer, the poor, about-to-be-flogged wretch appeals with incessant and heart-rending supplications, as well as with oaths and threats, for terror has made himn desperate, and desperation will speak in strange language unless it be gagged, and gagging does not forni a part of thepunishment under consi deration. Let the reader only consider for a moment. Here is a softdelicate youth, who has probably been luxuriously brought up, led out (after living some days in a solitary cell on bread and water) to receive 75 or 100 lashes of a cat-o'-niue-tails, such as it has been described, and that too, within a limited space on his bare back, viz., between the shoulders and loins inclusively, froim the armn of a strong man, who is under obligation to use his strength to the utmost and to'spare not.' As is but just, thIe hardy offender, who hIas been the leader in the offence, is also made to be the leader in paying thIe penalty. He is accordingly first bound up to thIe graceful but abhorred triangles-this apparatus consists ot three slender poles united at the top, and forming, witlh the ground as a base, three triangles--he is firm during thIe process of being tied up, with thie exception of a certain nervous twvitching about the eyelids and muscles of the face, which, to a close observer, betrays his inward trepidation. As the first twelve or twaenty strokes fall upon himn, he is unable, with all tIhe force of his resolution, to suppress a few occasional sharp cries-but the skincm being once broken the pain becomes less intense, according to a general law of nature, whictl need not here be discussed, and the stony nerved man can then steel him self to endure without flinching. As the ap pearance of suffering diminishes, however, the sight becomes more shocking to thie spec tators. First large wheals are raised bIy the I application of thie lash, then the blood begins to ooze, and finally the whole surface of the back becomnes (sensitive nerves may shrink at the recital!) a miere tlass of bloody and lacerated flesh, It has been asserted above that this fearful indictiion can be borne with out shrinking, and the reason why it is so iars been assigned. It was so borne in the instance before us ThIe man after receiving hIis full quota, walked with a firm step to the position hIe had left, and quietly dressed himnself. The second culprit has now to pass tihrough his ordeaI, and a moirepa, pifaiuL l .tnd tr'in scene awaits the spectators, and especially the mecical officer, to whom it has been said that as a last resort, he appealed. During the process of piniouinSg, his prayers and i:n precatirns are redoubled, and he has the ap pearance of a maniac. It is of no avail how ever; :he surgeon, however, much he may pity tl:e poor wretch, cannot consistently with his duty screen him. Although the youth is slight and delicate, he is healthy, and therefore able to endure a c.rtairr portion of his illotted punishment. So long as he has stiength to shout, or even to articulate, he has'strength to bear the lash too. Thus reasons the surgeon, who forms his opinion by nrore tangible, evidence than the words! of a desperate man. So he turns a deaf ear to all but his duty, and quickly holds himself in readiness to arrest the "11 xective arm," in case its operation should appear to endanger life-and now the culpril is tied up and the flagelator advances; anid ifterror could kill him he would certainly die. s it- is, lie looks like one half-dead. iExhaisted by crying, he is leaning with his head iesting against the pole of the triangles, utterirg moans.j As soon as the first sharp stripe -faiithpoi 'his back, he starts into astate .of spasmodic agitation. The second, third, fourth ! he is frantically. agitated, and strug gles wildly to get free from his fastening still the cutting lash falls with monotonous .regularity?-quite insensible to the writhings of its trfortunate victim. He bellows and foams, prays and blasphemes by turns-still struggling desperately. This scene could not last loag without danger to life or intellect, andthetefore tie surgeon,on whose dictum every one depends, orders a respite. Having felt the man's pulse, and given him a sufficient time to collect himself, he gives the sign for con tinuing the punishmnent-and the remorseless cat is again at work with renewed vigor.-for it is to be remarked, that if the interval of respite has availed the victim in recollecting his energies to bear the punishment--it has also avriled the rictiei:er in recollecting fi.s energies to inflict it. A scene similar to the first is re-enacted. Twelve or twenty more lashes are given, to the horror and disappoint ment of the spectators, who had hoped that the affair was finished. By this time nature has become exhausted, and tile man is in a faint, lie lies as one dead. Another respite is now ordered, the pulse is again- felt, - and some water annmiuistered. After a little he revives, and the spectators are now certain that he will be for4iven theremainderof his allot ted punishment. They are mistaken, how- i ever. lie is able to bear mnore without danger to life, and therefore he must get it. So the lash is again plied, arid about another dozen are given. On this occasion; after a slight struggling and screaming, the, sufferer again faints, and exhibits such all appearance that it isdeemed absolutely necessary to untie him, and lay him at length on the ground-proper treatment being administered to him by the surgeon, lie soon revives again, but after staring wildly about him-- immediately goes off into strong convulsive tits. This last symptoms is considered of such a nature as to preclude further punishmlent at this time, and he is accordingly ordered to be taken to. the hospital. -This man, at all events, was not likely ever to forget the impressive and pal pable lesson he had received, or to provoke a Srepetition thereof. Indeed few, however well some might succeed in disguising their feel ings at the time--ever require to be flogged a ;SZ..i m.rr.c c w- l? ri .?'-s.ir ell"i mll r; In this one respect at least this punishment may be considered an efficacious one. It is, not withstanding a kind of punishment too de grading to be employed,unless in exteme cases. The writer has seen instances of the abuse of flogging, which too clearly proves,if aniy proof were needed, the tendency to tyranny in men "dressed with a little brief authority" over their fellow-creatures. Among the great variety of men who make up the prisoner class; it must happen that there are many comparatively innocent and well disposed men who have been respectably brought up, have seen good days, and in the hope of perhaps doing so again-are willing to work out their hard destiny in humility. These may be placed as servants in the power of churlish and unfeeling settlers, than some of whom a more meanspirited and grasping set do not exist Under the recent system of assignment the slightest charge brought by a ma-teragainst his assigned servant was listened to, and acted on by tie police magistrates writhout any opportunity of defence being given to the accused, and so a man of educa tion and intelligence, who had the misfortune to be assigned as a convict-servant, to some ignorant and brutal master, might on any paltry charge of"disobedience of orders" or the like, be tied up, stripped, and flagged like a dog. The writer has known an illiterate rohite Esare-holder of this class to bring his convict servants in a body to the nearest police office in order, as he was ipleased to express it, to have them ": rectifiel," i.e to have them flogged or otherwise punished all round-he being duly provided with charges of some kind against each and all, his only proof, his own ,umcorrobrated rorJ. Under such a system could it be a matter of wonder if many of these unfortunates were disciplined without being re'ormned, and ended by becoming more hardened criminals than before. The only other kind of punishment il use at convict stations whichl can Ie compared in severity with flaginr, is soaitry cofJinrement. A talented livii4'writer, (Tuilper) inl a very late work, designates it," That silent solitary system nor. so popular among our cold legis lative.schemers, who rhave gronnd thie poor man to starvation, and would hunt the crininal to madness." For, bringirg a man's piast career in review before hiul, whether it has been good or had, it is uneqnualled, and therefore to the truly guilty it must be ter rible. To be shut up alone, even for a single day, in an almost dark cell of such small dimensions as to preclude the possibility of any exercise, beyond walking and re-walk. ing a distance atof three or four paces, and at the same time to be deprived of every sort of food except the very plainest, (bread and water) and that in no superabundance either; Ithri of itself is suillicient to mrake any one re flect gravely on his past life; but when tile same course is continued for fourteen days, it makes the stoutest bend ; not one criminal in a hundred will be found to comre out of this ordeal unchastened or nrtamned, \Vell it were if the adnmiristration of thie Inrws were so unerring that orry criminals were srhijected to it i Let any one, if he can, recal to rirnd his ever having passed a day--rot as a priso ner-but in any situation where hie was con pletely deprived of- all society, where he had not even tile meanest of his fellow-creatures, no books, nor a dog, (tfr all these are society as distinguished fromn solstuld) and he will hIave soine slight idea of swhat solitary con finement is. Oh! tihe direful lerngth of those dreary hours, rno soporilic to rll tile senses, not even the soothing and comforting influ ence of ordinary sti:mulatirng diet, nothing to see or tear to delight the senses in any way, nothing external to onesself to direct the at tention to-perfect and unmitigated solitude. In such circumstances the mind must turn upon itself-there is no help for it, when well it is for him whose conscience is light. Then woe to the hitherto hardened and guilt loaded conscience ! it has pangs to undergo, which, but for the operation of some benefi cent influence, may, and occasionally do, re sult in madness-and this is what the writer above quoted alludes to when he speaks, somewhat too strongly, of" legislators hunt ing criminals to madness." How frequently in these colonies have we an illustration of this ! The public hear of them, in the shape of newspaper reports, of suicides committed or attempted in prison, or of prisoners being re moved from the gaol to the Lunatic Asylum. Notwithstanding the melancholy effects oc casionally produced by solitary confinement, it may be believed, that, acting as it does chiefly on the moral part of man s nature, it has a tendency to produce a radical improve ment of character, a thing which cannot be asserted iespectiang flogging. In sutntrinm up the comparison bietweo? the two kinds of punishment nunder our consideration, it may be remarked that the most important differ ence between them is: that the one acts chiefly on the physical senses of the humnan animal, and his fellow-man being the active, and apparently cruel anent in its infliction, the effect which it leaves isentirely and solely the fear of mnan; but the other, acting chiefly on man's moral nature, and his fellow-man appearing in a less active and cruel light in its infliction, it leaves, as its chief effect, the fear of a higher poewr tlhan any luiman. Such aptears to be, at least generally, the two difterent modes in which these two species of punishmnent operate; and with these remarks the present sketch shall terminate. 