ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Within the last few weeks, one 9f the principal dissenting institutions, Highbury College, has been sold to some liieii - bers cf the Church for the sum of £i2j500, and will in future be occupied as a training school for national schoo masters. In such a state of decay are the dissenting institutions, that we are informed that all their London Colleges are to be shortly incorporated ; a single academy sufficing forthe supp.y of their congregations.—Standard. A correspondent of the Watchman states that the Wcs- eyau Chapel dobts in Great Britain amount to one nU}l>ou ter.ing. in reference to the Dean of Westminster having set aside portion of liis income for the repairing of the Abbey, the uilder states tliat Dr Buck:and began by a c.ose investigation of the actual state of the edifice ; and io 1 it has been discovered that the buttresses and other essential parts of the bui ding are in a di.ap:dated aud even imminendy dangerous condition, so as to threaten with destruction some of the venerable royal chapes, and the unequalled national re.ics they contain. Hists FOB WITES.—Never comp'ain diat your husband pores too much over-the newspaper, to the exclusion of that phasing convene which you forn.er.y enjoyed with him, Don't hide the paper; don t give it to the children to tear; don't be su ky when the boy leaves it at the door, but take it in pleasant y, aud lay it down before your spouse. Think what man would be without a newspaper ; treat it as a great agent in the work of civilization, which it assuredly is, and think ho-.v much good newspapers have done by exposing bad husbands and bad wives, and giving th^ir errors to the eye of he public. But manage you in this way: when your husband is absent, instead of gossiping with neighbours, or looking into shop windo ws, sit down quiet:y and look over that paper rjn your eye over its home and foreign news; g'mice rapid!} at the accidents and casua ties; carefaliy scan the leading articles; and at tca-tiine, when your husband again takes tip the paper, say, *My dear, what an aw f.ii state of things there seems iu India!' or * what a terrib.e calamity at the G asgow theatre;' or, 4 trade appean> to be flourishing in the north and depend upon it, down wiii go the paper. If he has not read the information, he wilt hear it all from your iips; ai:d when you have done, he wiil ask, ' Did you, my dear, read Simpson's letter upon die discovery of Ch.orot'orm ?' Ai.d whether you did not, you wiii gi'iiduaUy get into as cosy a. chat as you ever enjoyed, and you wiil soon discover that, rlglit.y sised, die newspaper is the wife's real friend, for it keeps the husband at hon.e, and supp.ies cap.ta. tipics tpr every-day tabJC-talk.—The Family Friend. A GIIOST is LOVE.—The AbfiUe Cauchoise tells the foliovving stoiyA few nights ago a worthy farmer, liv.i.g near Yvetot, who has lately become a wido.vcr, was arousi 4 at midnight by the ioud barking of his dog. On going to it the animal displayed extreme terror, whereupon the farmer took his gun and proceeded to an inspection. Ail at once he saw a horrid phantom, c.otiied >n a wh.te theci, rise behind the hedge. The farmer turned deadly pa.c, and h.s iii-l.s shook w.th dismay. He, however, contr.ved to cjacu at., ' if you come from God, speak ; if from the Devii, vanish 1* ' Wretch 1' exclaimed tile phantom, *I am your deceased wife, come from the grave to warn yoa not to marry A; aria A , to whom yoa are making .ovc. Sjie is unworthy tq share my bed. The only woman to sucoced n;e is Keni\clte B . Marry her or persecaton and eterna, tqnr.ei.t .sii .il be your doom ! This strange address from the gcb in, i:.- stead of dismaying the farmer, restored his coiirage. He at.-, cordnigiy rushed on the ghost y visitor, and, stripping of its sheet, discovered the fair llenriette 11 hcrse f, :odcii>g e-.ccs-iveiy foolish. It is said tiiat the farmer, adn.iring tliy girl a trick, Jias had the bans published fbr h.s iijuiviag<; with her. A DArcomors CLASS.—A c'a>s has risen up anions; the working classes win get their living hy agitation and organisation. They toi., not with their hands hut widi their tongues. The beer-shop is their factory and home. The loom a:id the p.ough know them not, yet they a.ways affect to speak in die name of die working c asses. Their ha.- T rangues glitter witb pikes and smell of gunpowder, a though they gcneral.y contrive to keep their own peiMins oal of harm s way. They drill you to c amour, and wou d diiii yoii to b.ood and p'under cou d they do it . k afe:y. They fawn «n your worst faults, and yelp and snarl al ail otiior e asses, or at those of yojr o.vn c.ass who resist their dictation, Thoy are fed by yoar enemies or pretended friends, to make too h or fools of you for selfish purposes. Through tlicm thy demagogue cajo'es, the aristocrat bribes, the adventurer plunders, and the spy betrays you; and they arc a read y agency for any scheme, however preposterous, criminal, or disastrous.— W. J. Fox, M.P, WONDERFUL, IF Tki:E.—The Hannibal Journal Jias a fearful story, to the effect tliat a Mr Wcdtherford, a sheriff of Schuyler county, in die state of Ma : ne, and ex ffficiq collector of the county revenue, conceiving a design to cheat the revenue out of some 22 JO dol ars which be had eo.iectcu, left die money in care of Ins wife, part in silver and part in paper, with the decoration that he wouid be gone several day.s, and enjoined upon her that she should permit no oue to stay all night during his absence, At night, a traveller^— rather an aged man—app.ied for cnteitaiun.cnt The p. nmn, at first refusing, under the instructions of her husband, was finally pursuaded to let hint remain. About eleven or twelve o'clock the same night some persons demanded ci:, trance into the bouse, and upon being permitted to come iu they were found to be disguised as negroes, and immediately demanded i;:oney of the woman. T}ie woman handed than the paper money. They to.d her there w?,s a so silver nioncv, which she must surrender. She replied that the wou.d go upstairs, where the traveller was lodging, and get it She informed him of the state of things below. He told her to take one of two pistols which he had, to put tjie money iu her apron, with the pistoi concealed behind it, aud when either of the robbers came forward to take it to tire, and Jfc would shoot another of them with the remaining pisto.. She did as instructed, and one of the men fell dead at her feet The old man fired and killed another, and the th.nl uiad<} his escape. Upon examination it was found that the gui.ty husband had faiien by the liaud of his own wife.-—Ajncticaip aper. Tm; GREATEST MAN.—The greatest man is he whq chooses the right with invincible reso ution ; who resists die sorest temptations from within or without; who bears the heaviest burdens cheerfully; who is die ca, mest in ttori.u,; and whose reliance on truth, on virtue, on God, is the moit unfaltering. A French wife wrote diis affectionate and laconic letter to her husband : * Je vous ecris parceque je n'ai Hen u aire: Je finis, parceque je n'ai fien a dire.' 1 wr«te to you, because 1 have nothing ta do ; 1 end my letter because 1 have nodting to say. , VOLTAIKE.—A man of learning was complaining to Vjj!» taire, that few foreigners relished t|ie beauties pf Sfiak,speare r *Sir, repiedthe wit, 'bad transjitioiis torment jvnd vex them, and prevent them understanding your great dramatist A blind man, sir, cannot perceive the beauty of a fofcp, who oniy pricks his iiugtrs with the thorns.' THE FIBST CIRCULATING LI BRAKY:. —,Cireulating libra, lies were established in Edinburgh *arJer thap iii Lopdon r The first Edinburgh circulating library was started by A'^ii Ramsay, the poet, in 1735—and the iickt London cireu.a.tin«r library bv a bookseller in the Stmnd of tire 84a.? of Baho% about 1740- w . ; - 