Reading for the Bush. SUCH is the unprecedented demand for novels that our booksellers are utterly unable to meet the wants of their customers. Every novel, from the adventures of Old Mother Hubbard and Her Riding Cap, to Colman's last is eagerly bought up, and fairly devoured by the Corydons and the Phillisses of the bush. The Boy in the Dog Star pitying the distressed condition of read- ingless sheppherds and stock-keepers, is determined upon sending down from his lofty position a series of epitomised tales of the most startling and thrilling character. He offers as a specimen TIM FLANNAGAN'S LOVE.—VOL. 1ST. Tim Flannagan—hero of my tale. Born—no matter where. Tim's father's name—Flannagan of course— mother's don't know. Tim bad boy—fond of marbles, Scotch-hop, jump-frog, &c.;—Tim grew fine strapping fellow. Tim, like all others, fell in love with pretty girl—rosy cheeks—yellow hair—pink eyes—ivory teeth —all that sort of thing. Tim very fond. At first meeting, under stringy-bark, snake jumped up—tried to bite, but didn't—Tim cut snake's head off with stockwhip—Betsy very much in love after that. Sighs, vows, protestations, moonlight, madness, sonnets, valen- tines, &c.; Tim popped question to Betsy—Betsy didn't say no. Tim put his hand into Betsy's—Betsy squeezed it. Tim looked into Betsy's eye and saw ghost of a tear—Betsy blushed. Tim said that was enough. Tim then went to Betsy's father and popped question. Refused. Tim poor. Betsy's father great woolman and cattleman. Tim swore he'd swallow prussic acid; if he could get it—never got it—vowed he'd hang himself—couldn't find a rope—declared he'd drown himself—met with no water deep enough. At last determined on going to California. VOL. 2ND. Tim starts for California. Voyage—fine ship—big waves—great storm—Tim death-sick. Bay of San Fransisco—very fine— breakers. Tim lands. Tim seeks gold dust—finds it—sees three murders, twenty one elopements, sixteen rows; meets Spanish pirate— taken—escapes—meets English cruizer—tells his story —pirate taken. Tim gets cash back. Tim sets sail. Hail Australia. VOL. 3RD. Tim lands. Tim goes to public house, gets drunk. Tim robbed of some cash. Tim starts for the bush. Drays, bullocks, camping, blacks, snakes, &c.; Tim meets Betsy's father hunted by mad bullock.—Tim knocks bullock down with big stone. Betsy's father grateful—Tim strikes iron while hot and pops question second time; accepted. Tim flings up hat and jumps Jim Crow. Tim goes to Betsy—finds her in kitchen. Tim tells all his love—Betsy blushes, cries, laughs, scolds, slaps him on cheek—says naughty man, how can you talk so. Tim goes for banns. Great wedding—seven bullocks and thirteen sheep killed— fine dinner—punch—party groggy—10 o'clock at night —We wont go home till morning. Feather beds. GOOD NIGHT. The Boy in the Dog Star, however, is not limited to skeleton novel writing. No, unlike the pigmy writers of other globes, his genius embraces all subjects, and times, all men, and all styles. To those, therefore, who like to behold shadows done in pen and ink he presents the following OUTLINES OF A POLITICAL PORTRAIT. A certain Colonial Secretary signalised boyhood by playing at "fast and loose," and also at "hold with the hare and run with the hounds." Grew up to man- hood as every other boy does, and became worthy of senatorial honours as no other boys do, save the scions of noble houses. Phrenological development—bump of expediency very large—conscientiousness small— acquisitiveness full, faithfulness nil. Political career —heard of the chartist rising, and vowed with his col- leagues, he'd blow the six points, no matter where, with the point of the bayonet. Felt convicts to be rather queer customers at home, and declared he'd send them on an exploratory expedition to discover the ends of the earth. Considers that the noblest maxim in political, as well as in social philosophy is, take care of No. 1. Thinks that promises are like pie crusts, made to be broken. Has a great antipathy to public meet- ings and deems the press a hydra, was never found guilty of re- sealing another man's letter, like Sir James Graham. Is very fond of spies, and keeps a large number of them in Ireland. Pays more attention to the statements of one man, who tells something that suits, than he does to the united voice of a whole colony—acts, in this instance, in accordance with the maxim "a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush." Regards the colonies as he does an old tobacco pipe, ie—thinks them made to be used at pleasure. Fancies they are fit habitations for those whose lives might be sacrificed by too long a residence in their native air. Cries "fiddle-de-dee," and sings "Old Dan Tucker" whenever a rebellion in Australia is mentioned. Is immoderately fond of gammon, but has a perfect hor- ror of Colonial sauce. EXTRAORDINARY PROPHECY.—The South Austra- lian Prophet, Monsieur Moonshinebagofflummery pre- dicts that the Bathurst New Court House will be fin- ished in the year 1970. The Boy in the Dog Star does not believe a word of the prediction. He knows better. THE PHILOSOPHY OF BALLS.—There are many sorts of balls all of which have a strange, and in many instances, a startling significance. To the latter class belong musket and cannon balls—bodies, which like all other globes, are distinguished by their erratic habits. It is supposed to be dangerous to have anything to do with these balls while they are in motion. Pawn- broker's balls are not made of gold, being only wood covered with size and gold leaf. They are generally placed over the door, and denote that the affectionate "Uncle" who lives inside, has a heart which seems at first sight to be pure gold, but upon further examina- tion turns out to be nothing but gilded rottenness. They also mean—two to one if your coat goes in it will never come out. Another kind of balls, called Polka and Quadrille balls, are very much in fashion with young ladies. These balls are famous things for lovers, who, are enabled to waltz at them in such a style and to such an extent as to lead to the conclusion that they are very fond of hugging. Lastly, there are such things as publican's balls, of which many people in Bathurst are very fond. These balls produce a most remarkable effect upon the generous and loyal feelings of human nature, causing those who take three or four of them at night to repair to the Police Office next morning for the purpose of assisting the Government by a dona- tion to the Exchequer. 