Mineralogical ' Examination of Glassy Slag from the Copper Smelting Establishment of Messrs. Ferris and James, Bosemorrin. Its colour is a mixture of purple and green, the fermer predominating ; these colours are observed occasionally to alternate in parallel stripes. Its structure is for the most part compact, and rac lure very fiât conchoidal; bat here and there rounded pores occur tn it, sometimes empty, but more frequently filled with mineral matter of a whitish and reddish colour. -Its lustre is that of glass. Ia thc mass it is opaque, but there is a passage of light upon a thin edge ; it is harder than glass, which it si-ratches easily ; to the file it yields a white streak, but it yields to the knife with difficulty ; Us place in the scale of hardness is about 60; it is brittle, and the colour of its powder is brownish , its specific gravity is about 2 7 ; when its powder is d gesied in nitric acid it gives a distinct greenish light to*the flame of a candle, thereby indicating the presence of copper, and showing that it has not been a'l extracted ; indeed, upon examining fragments with a lens, points of reduced copper may occasionally be seen in the pores. It is the business of the chemist to ascertain what per centage remains to be ex tracted. I found it (although fusible into a dark globule) quite irreducible by the blowpipe, even with the assistance of soda, and therefore I con" ceive that what copper lemains would not be easily extracted by the dry process, and the moist one is out of tlie question in this instance, although not I think at thc ore pit Burra Burra ÂN AMATEUR. P.S.-The colour of -the s!ag seems to indicate thc presence of cobalt and manganese, as weil as copper, the iron appears to have floated off ; it has not the smallest magnetism either before or after exposure to beat. THE ARBITRATION MOVEMENT.*-Our columns from week to week furnish pleasing proofs of the hold which the principles of permanent and uni versal peace have acquired on the public mind of England during the last few months. The great Peace Congress at Brussells seems to have consti pated* new phase in public opinion. The doc trines of holy peace are preached, and the "Amen" which responds to them is most cordially given. The oil Bible-told truth, that righteousness establisheth a nation, begins to be recognized in the cities, towns, and hamlets of England. The English mind rejoices in the discovery nf an uni versal brotherhood, and has actually found out that every nation by whom the English language is not spoken, and which does not bow the knee at the roar of the British lion, is not burning with nnxiety to cut British throats. The doctrine, that all foreigners are our natural enemies, is fast dying away. National hatred begins to vanish like ice before the genial warmth of the sun. The good common-sense of England will discover that righteousness and justice will be better security against foreign invasion than the " wooden walls of old England." The futility of appealing to brute force for a riglreous decision on any debate able point is at length perceived. We are in a fair way to make the discovery that our Govern ment has no right to be the arch-thief of the world ; and that it is not just that we should steal the lands, destroy the proper y, burn the houses, monler the wives and chit.tren, and massacre the nations Whi-h are not «a far advanced in " civilisation" as ourselves, and which c innot bring to the field of battle the skill, sagacity, numbers, and murderous proficiency which we can. A little more reasoning, and oar slow under standings will be convinced that, m grinding others, we have ground ourselves for the benefit of the aristocracy. We have not before reflected that we pay for the blood we shed, and that our empire is augmented and cemented, year after year, by the effusion of human gore. But the truth will ont, and the reign of war will be closed amidst the rejoicings of joyful humanity. We trust that every town and hamlet in the country will send its petition or petitions in favour of Mr Cobden's motion for arbitration treaties. The power from without is the only power that rules Englaud. Oligarchical despotism must quail before the popular will. Let that will hasten to express itself with unmistakeable emphasis during the next few week«, and a great point will be gained. Arbi tration treaties will be a valuable instalment, and wül prepare the way for the final recognition of the policy of peace. The work is gigantic, but it ban be easily accomplished. Let all labour in their own immediate circus, and the leaven will eventually pervade the whole constitution of society, and destroy for ever the trade of bloodshed. -Standard of Freedom, Feb- 10. I A PROTESTANT CLERGYMAN'S ADVICE.-The i Bishop of Lon lon, it is stated, had just had a case j Of some importance referied to him. it is alleged that a clergy .nan who officiates at a fashionable ! church in London, long remarkable for its forms and ceremooieB, advised one of his congregation who was about to travel to communicate with the Church of Rome whilst absent from Engl md. This advice has been submitted to the Bishop as highly reprehensible, and the decision of the diocesan is looked for with great interest by the rev. gentleman's congregation.-Daily News. -At a bite examination of the College nf Surgeons, a candidate was asked by Abernethy, what he would.do if a roan were blown up by gunpowder ? " Why," coolly answered the Tyro." wait till be come down again." " True,*' satd Abernethy ; " and suppose f kicked you a posteriori for such an impertinent reply, what muscles should I pat in motion ?" " Why.'' said the young man, " the flexors and extensors of my right arm. for 1 should floor yen directly.-E. P. Herald. NOT CONQUERED YET.-The Frontier Times. of the '¿Otb. instant, says-The military at Fort White narrowly escaped an affray with the Kaffirs last week. One Kaffir attempted io throw his assagai at St. Stacey, 45th regiment, who com mands the Poet;-when he ordered ont his small garrison of about forty men, and faced the Kaffirs, consisting of from one to two hundred, armed with assagais;-Sam Sly's African Journal, March 29. WHIGS.-Different accounts are given of the Origin of this word. Burner, in bis .* H story of his Own Time" (i. 43), under the year 1648, says, " The south-west counties of Scotland have seldom corn enough to serve them round the year; and the northern parts producing more than they need, those in the west came in the summer to buy at Leith the stores that came from the north j and from a word ' wbiggam,' used in driving their horses, all that drove were called ' whiggamors,* and shorter whiggs. Now, in that year, after the I news came down of Duke Hamilton's defeat, the ministers animated their people to rise and march to Edinburgh ; and they came np inarching on the head of their parishes, with an unheard of fury, Çaying and preaching ali the way as they came, he Marquis of Argyle and his party came and I bearded mern, they being about 6,000. This was called the whiggamor' inroad ; and ever after that all who opposed the Court came, in contempt,, to be cal'ed * whiggs and from Scotland the word was brought into England, where it is now one of i our unhappy terms of distinction.** A N EMIGRATION MARRIAGE.-- A yoong woman, servant at Stonehouse, having become ill of typhus fever, was removed to the workhouse in Devon port, where, in a short time, she recovered, and having stated her wish to go to Australia, begged of the parish authorities the necessary sum of £2 12s, which must be paid to the Emigration Society. The request was complied with. Whilst in the Company's office at Plymouth a few days ago, she was asked by a respectable individual if she intended to emigrate. On replying in the affitmative, he said, " I like your appearance ; PH marry yon, if you have no objeclioñ." After, some other remarks, he accompanied her to the lady's residence where she lived previous to her illness, and received an excellent character. He forthwith purchased the license, and they were married on Sunday last. " She had a good outfit provided, and the £2 12s from the parish authorities was respect fully declined. POINTS OF HONOR.--Colonel Montgomery was shot in a duel about a dog, Captain Ramsay in one about a servant, Mr Fetherstone in one about a recruit, Sterne's father in one about a goose, and another gentleman in one about an " acre of an chovies." One officer was challenged for merely asking bis opponent to enjoy a second goblet, and another was compelled to fight about a pinch of snuff; General «'array was challenged by a Captain Smith for declining a glass of wine with him at dinner in a steamboat, although the General had pleaded as an excuse that wine invariably made his stomach sick at sea; and Lieutenant Crowther lost his life in a duel, because he was refused ad mittance to a club of pigeon-shooters-E. P. Herald. SIGNIFICANT.-The Church and State Gazette, in ; making mention of the conversation (or " perver sion, to use the term adopted by the paper in ques tion) of the Bev. Mr. Sconce, an Oxford clergyman, to Romanism, says,-"The reverend pervert, in publishing his reasons for sécession, urges that he had, previously to leaving the Church, been per mitted by his diocesan to hold and teach the iden tical doctrines which he now holds in communion with Home ; and that the only doubt existing in his mind, for a considerable period previous, was whe ther his own diocesan or,the Bishop of Borne had the greater claim upon his obedience ! !" This is a curious case; and if the identity of the doctrines that a diocesan allows his clergy " to hold and teach," within the communion of the Church of England with those of Rome, be the fact, that Mr. Sconce represents it, the information must prove highly interesting to the greater portion ot the members of the Church that that gentleman has left. We presume that he is a type of a numerous body, otherwise it is not probable that he would have had the. privilege that he professes to have enjoyed. The question has now become a national one. If the English, Establishment continue much longer to dally with it, the country must take some means of obtaining a better guarantee for the se curity of Protestantism that it can possibly possess,, willie so many clergyman eau officiate in the Lu- ; theran Church, who resolve their difference from the doctrine of Borne into a simple question of eccle siastical supremacy-who, after an equal adjustment of the "balance of creeds, toss the Pope into the scales against an English Prelate, and regulate their opinions by the comparative weight of the two dignitaries. QUEEN'S SPEECH GRAMMAR. - A correspondent of the Times has addressed the following letter to the editor of that paper:-Sir-I observe that the Queen's speech begins thus: - " My lords and gentlemen-The period being arrived at which the business of Parliament is usually resumed,'' &c.; Now, I have always understood the rule laid down by grammarians to be this-that the auxiliary verb " to be" can only be used with passive verbs, and that with verbs active and neuter the - auxiliary verb "to have" must be employed; and in con firmation of this, is the want of harmony which strikes the ear on reciting the passage in question. I trust that some competent philologist will have the kindness to tell us whether in using the words " being arrived," instead of " having arrived,'' Her Majesty has not been led by her ministers to ad dress her parliament in very questionable English. -I am, Sir, &c;, QVJBRENS. CUBE FOE CHOLERA.-The following has appeared in the Times :-Zarndzin, Circle of Radomysel, Go vernment of Kioffe, Russia, Octi 1848.-I have up wards of 300 ]>eople at work, and the cholera all around ns and amongst ns ; sixty of my people were taken ill, but the great matter is to take the disease. at the beginning, so I called them together and ex Elamed the symptoms, which are loss of appetite, a eaviness, and a disagreeable sensation at the pit of the stomach. I immediately administered to those who were seized one glass and- a half of spirits of wine in a glass of water, with four or five tea-spoons ful of powdered charcoal, and three drops of oil of mint, and the patient took violent exercise until a strong perspiration was induced ; and all my pa tients recovered. Those who were weakly I ad ministered the charcoal to in a fresh egg beat up with a little water milk-warm. For myself, as an antidote, I take every morning a fresh egg beat up with a tea-spoonful of charcoal ; I make the charcoal from whiteT>eech, but any wood that is free from rosiu will do. A LANCASHIRE CANNIBAL.-Early on Sunday morning last a police-officer, of the C division, ob served a man, having the appearance of an excava tor, busily engaged searching in a field, off Store street, for something which he appeared to have lost. The officer went up to and questioned the : man, who at first seemed remarkably taciturn, and indisposed to answer questions, but at last he ga thered that the fellow he was addressing had that morning been engaged in.an up-and-down fight, Lancashire fashion, and that he was looking for one of his ears, which bis antagonist had bit oft*! Com niisserating the poor wretch, the policeman assisted him to look for bis ear, which, after a while, he found, when the officer strongly advised bim to ap pear at the Borough Court next morning, to applv fora warrant against the brute who had so maimed him. "Noa, noa," rejoined the fellow, coolly de Sositimr his stray ear in. his waistcoat pocket, "aw'et o now't atsoart; it war a lair gradely stand-up battle, un aw want nother law nor warrant."-Man chester Courier. A WAK SCENE IN AMERICA.-Some scenes that we occasionally witness here would shock the morals of any robber in the States. A few days ago, just at nightfall, a Mexican came running into the hos pital crying most piteously, and making all sorts of gesticulations. We followed bim to his house, when a sight shocking te behold burst tipon as:~ Orr the floor was lying a Mexican, pierced m the breast by a ball, and the blood gushing forth from the wound. Holding his head was bia wife and little children. He had been shot by a discharged volunteer, because he refused for gold to barter away the virtue of his daughter, a beautiful girl who stood by, her hair dis hevelled, and great drops of grief coursing down her olive cheeks. THE TELEGRAPH SUPERSEDED. - The Chester Chronicle of Friday contains the following paragraph, which might almost induce a temporary oblivion that the present is an age of steam :-" We regret that the late hour this morning at which we received the royal speech, delivered in London yesterday afternoon, compels us to adopt it only for our city circulation. Country subscribers 'may, however, be supplied by writing to us. We shall re-insert the speech next week." FAMILIES OF LITERARY MEN.-With the excep tion of the noble Surrey, we cannot point ont » re présentative in the male line of any English poet. The blood of beings of that order can be seldom traced far down, even in the female line. There is no English poet prior to the middle of the eighteenth century-and, we believe, no great author, except Clarendon and Shaftesbury-of whose blood ve have any inheritance among us. Chaucer's only son died childless ; Shakespeare's line expired in his daugh ter's only daughter. None of the other dramatists of that age left any progeny : neither did Raleigh, nor Bacon, nor Cowley, nor Butler. The grand daughter of Milton was the last of his blood. New ton, Locke, Pope, Swift, Arbuthnot, Hume, Gib bon, Cowper, Gray, Walpole, Cavendish, (and we might greatly extend the list) never married. Nei ther Bolingbroke, nor Addison, nor Warburton, nor Johnson, nor Burke, transmitted their blood. ABSENCE OF MINO.-Dr Thomas, bishop of Salis bury, forgot the day be was to be married. \A gnat stinging him in the leg, the doctor stepped to scratch the leg of a gentleman who stood near him. FRENCH MATRIMONIAL BROKERS.-jfornwiy »M. trimonial advertisements constantly appeared SB tibe French journals ; but instead of the gentlemen and rertismg for wives, as they do kare, TO Ranee fte ladies advertised themselves and their. «MrwPtrnH to be disposed of In the£oim*al i^Agnkat^Suii following matrimonial wanta and attxactioas pompously and prominently pat forth, «oder fte heading "Beady tó nnÚTy:-1st. {Iffy wîdou^ with from 2000 francs to 20,000 francs of moonie. Sad. One and fifty damsels, with from 1O,0M fiancs to 60,000 francs of dowry. 3rd. Four hundred yoang ladies and -widows, with small tortones»- Apply te M. Forre, Bue Bombón, No. 7." Another saw nage broker advertises :-1st. Two young laffin $etaeen 15 and 18 years of age, with between 30,000 fiancs and 60,000 francs. 2nd. Two others, between 30 and 36 years, with 85,000 fiancs. And aeieral damsels of all ages, with between 4000 fiaaes and 6000 francs ; with Jots of widows wäh iaeeanes of from 1000 francs to 6000 fiancs. Hu ¡ease meaey was not the object, M. Perre had for disposal "se veral young ladies of ancient families, wita little fortune, but with all the qualities which should accompany fortune.T THE NORFOLK ASSASSINATION.-MTS Jermy is reported to be still in very had health, and faer ser vant, Eliza Chestney, to be also in a j--*~ ~ ~ dition. These facto, together with tL. Emily Sandford, renders it probable these witnesses may net be abie te ap during the trial of Bush at thei HUME'S ANGLO-SAXON HISTORY.-The late I*ad Meadowbank onè rime asked Dr Robciluon, fte jan torian, if he had ever remarked bow very tmer&aat; Mr Hume's Anglo-Saxon period is, nttresoftaafte other parts, though-the last written, of -his * Ito? tory?' "Why, yes, I have," said the PrrrâaL, " but the truth is, David (so be always eaUeft IBSB^ had the most unfortunate thing lumpen ft; amt: ftat eau befall aa author-he was paid fbr ft'besara 1» wrote it." " ; - SCENE IN A -CHÜBCHVASD.-A correspondent af the Stamford Mercury says--*1 A disgráeansT aeene was witnessed on the 23rd nit, in a small pansa an the Spilsby side of the county. Tba fiieads af a person deceased had to watt a futt bonr In fte churchyard for a clergyman to read the banal s>i> vice over the corpse; the rector of the parish was out shooting at the ftae, abd whén fte peor ^aast was dying and desirous of the osàsoteâaaà of religion, the same spiritual instructor waa fex hunting." -- IRKSOME NATUEB OF IDLENESS _ idle ghost, harbouring nuder ottomans aad fond of a dressing-gown, and deught fasts at midday ; and a most irksome 0,_. of serial cattle, shedding inky gloom into fte mospbere, and Uaekesing- (he brightest moral Remora, frustrating existence, sn clever and accomplished people without and withont an effort, becalmed on aearnatjapell bound on a woollen sea. DVSFEPSIA AND BAD TBHPEB.-One J of bad temper among men is dyspepsias __A j eats and drinks too much, or eal» and drinks which do not agree with him ; his di¿ are impaJred^-aud his temper, in There's my friend the Rev. CustavuB Gt _ _ was a merry fellow enough when we used to dab tor taffy at school. He bas always been tacky ftroagh life. In all his doings be has prosperad* In great goes and little-goes he has nevar been pinked, bat come off with flying colours, especially m Oat: airy greatest " go" for a clergyman-we mesa the esjejn the matrimonial lottery. Gustavus drew a. price, aud there never was a sweeter-tempered woman than his Saccharissa. Ever since that period, Gastaras has been living comfortably--nay, in JjJBOd upon an ample benefice. But. alas! bis «Entera hare been too good every day; and at the end «F twenty years, my friend is a dyspeptic domesfic demon. He is angry with every one wiOaDat caése; his wife is afraid to speak to him, for fear ofrgaunj; bis temper ; his children get out of his way as last as they can, for they know he will find finit nth them. His parishioners do not love bini, for le does not bring a healing balm to their auttuwiug hearts, but a caustic querulousness. He bas abar réis and law-suits about tithes with all lusseïglt-. boors. He rules the charity schools and ftezr teachers with a rod of iron ; he reads prayers Ska the murmur of an hungry, sullen sea, and jÉreacbèa like~a~spfrit of desolation. 'This ^îrrâflfai 1fato jpt*,' Mr. Grumble I attribute to an ove-indabjeneê m fte good things bf the table.-Sharpe's London jfeja zine. ' LUTHER'S PASSION FOE MUSIC.-One peculiarity of his character was his am enthusiastic love of music; He hail aa__ ear for harmony, and was no mean probat«« rda ?> veral instruments. Ho bad also a linualifal iii which he constan tty kept in order by thu r¥sitiii¿ of hymns ami aacred songs. Tim pi lillipilli uT churoh music he studied profoundly wad J» -coan* - posed several pieces of great merit. Bat fte lssatt striking thing about his museal character waa ftés power which melody bad ¡over himself. Heaaefekil melted and. subduedinto« state of almost adbjaeav ness by its tones. ;., Anûd their itiflueaee, «fl after faculties of body and mind appeared iiiiimiaikil;; bm was bi a state of ecstatic rapture. In letters waft, he wrote to Linocius, (Frankfort edition, 1648,) we find bim jesting about this extreme susceptibility which , he considerad as a weakness in hisictaaacter. He tells Linccius seriously that it was bsesatoato : sine a hymn every night before be retired fe «est; and, such was fte soothing power of fte sscsody over him, thai« however much he might awns been excited or troubled throughout the 4ay» fiemfte moment when fte key-note fell upon Ihn ear« ie forgot all earthly matters and vexations. AK ENTÄTOLASWÖ A»A<u^ATiñ.~Aikiraw Rudiger, a physician at iaerpsic, took it into bb head to form an -anagram on his name; and ia tan words Andreas Radigerus he found a vocation uime^j, arare rus Dei dignus. Thereupon be fiiaarjliMlwl that be was called to fte priesthood, aad began to study theology. Soon afb* he became tetor to fte children of fte learned Thomasina. Tatt ~ pher one day told hun that be bad much a ply io medicine. Bndiger admitted bfe BL-,-_ to that profeBrion, but stated ftatfte ana^raaroflna name, which he explained to tbomasiuB, bad seesaed to him a divine vocation to the priesthood. "Waat a simpleton you are !" said Thomasius; *«*y»*l» - the very anagram of your name ftat eafo yea jte medicine. Rus dei---is act that fte burbigrammif And who ploughs it better than fte doctors fit efféct Bndiger turned dootùr, unable to nrfst fte in terpretation of hts anagrattL-ill»en*«a». A poor woman,, said to be nmety-fesis «&~ age, was waiting outside fte doors af fte : Mettenham Theatre toro boars -before -'fte> opening, having walked «ight miles to aeedGsse Shore, and having* fte «ame dmtan^lftlfttjk - back after the performance. Mrs.M^Stbbn (who was to have enacted fte berotuc^ldfcBtttt-. ing such devotion to the drama rmuln«^ ^al3^d''f ber dresser, who narrated fte âi&am;Ésié^^:' the poor old creature bad her intellëdb. «*1 don't know, ma'am," says fte girl, «ÄajSj^ ten summut tied up in her pocket! chief." 