ENGLISH EXTRACTS. (From our October and November files,) THE QUEEN'S ORGAN AT BRIGHTON This munificent gift of Her Majesty to the town of Brighton is now placed in the Assembly-room in the Town-hall, unit has been tuned and put into complete order by the builder, Mr. Lincoln The history of this instrument is, that when George IV. was Prince Regent be had it very large and fine organ built by Mr. Lincoln for the music-room in the Palace. After the old assembly-room at the castle tavern had been converted into the royal chapel the king sent for Mr. Lincoln, and gave him commands to build this organ now in the Town-hall, addressing him in nearly the following words:-' I do not wish, said His Majesty, " for a very powerful organ, but one adapted for the sublime service of the church, much of which might to be accompanied by soft and pleasing music called to the responses of a congregation j but I wish also that the organ should have sufficient power to accompany other compositions, but at no time to be played noisily, which I think alway s out of place in the performance of divine worship." George IV., IIB it is well known, was like his of either. a good musician, and the above remarks show that he not only possessed a knowledge of music and of the powers of an organ, but that be possessed that which cannot be acquired a pure tastes In compliance with these commands and expressed wishes of His Majesty, Mr. Lincoln built the organ in question. We heard it on Friday, and, as far as our humble capacity is competent to form an opinion, we have no hesitation in saying that it is an instrument which confers honour on the former patron of Brighton and on the builder. We have heard far more powerful instruments ; but this is abundantly powerful for the room. When the full organ is played it shakes the whole building. The swell is deliriously sweet and we believe that when more competent judges than ourselves bear it, they will not fail to express their admiration of an instrument which, if only as a souvenir of Her Majesty, will be regarded as an invaluable gift, and an honour to the town. There are three sets of keys, each connected with separate sets of pipes. The first is the swell, the second the choir, and the third is the great organ, in which all the power of the instrument is disputed. There are, including the cupola, twenty-three stops, consisting of the Umutbee swell, to limpet swell, cornet swell, principal swell, stop diapason, dulciana swell, Dulciana C. H.. 13th C. H., flute C. H., principal C. H , stop diapason C. H., double diapason, pedals, trumpet treble, trumpet bass, sesquinltra. loth, 12th, open diapason, and the cupola. Some of the wooden pipes are large enough for a man to pass up them ; others not larger I li mi a lady's finger. The smallest metal pipe is as small as a wheat straw ; others are of all sites and lengths, till they become eight or twelve inches in diameter. This instrument will be used for the first time for a concert in aid of the funds of the Brighton Dispensary Brighton Herald. THE " GAS-LIGHT MONITOR. This is a recent invention for which a patent has been obtained, and of which the results can be seen and tested by anybody interested in the consumption of gas at the offices of the patentees, No. 85, King William-street, Charing-cross. Athough the apparatus is very small, and the price at which it can be obtained very trifling, its effects are very considerable, and its value comparatively great. It consists of a neat brass box or small chamber about an inch in length and not more than two-thirds of an inch in diameter, which can be attached to any gas burner, and which is placed about two inches below the orifice from which the gas is emitted and the flame commences. By the contrivance, which any person can regulate, and which on inspection can be understood at once, however difficult to be described on paper, safety, economy, and cleanliness are effectually secured ; there is no flare, no flickering, no smoke, and none of those occasional jets of soot by which anything in the neighbourhood of the burner is defiled, and by which many things of delicate texture are spoilt. The currents of gas are so completely governed and regulated that the quantity consumed in a given time cannot exceed, whatever the pressure may be, what is requisite for a full height or site of flame ; gas cannot escape into the apartment in which the burner is used. There is no disagreeable vapour produced, no oppression from heat, and no dirt from smoke. For street lamps the invention will be very useful, for it is well known that when the gas is turned off about nine o'clock, when it is no longer wanted in shops in the heart of the town, a sudden rush of it takes place in the corners of the lamps in the streets, and particularly in the northern district of the town, by which glasses are broken, and a very great amount of expense incurred. In factories it will be of great use, because it gives an equable light, and haste variations of blase or obscuration, and in private houses and shops, in which costly articles are contained, its use is self-evident. It is in operation at the premises of the patentees all day long, and can be seen by anybody. Evening Mail, 2500 October. THE MATCH AND THE MATCHES. An eccentric old gentleman, who lives in the county of Lincoln, has just put in force the following novel scheme, as a preventative to his daughter, a pretty girl, about twenty years of age, marrying a young man to whom she has been very much Rtluched from her childhood The conjugal knot was to have been tied in the following year, but, " How oft, alas ! one hour will blast the hopes Of many years!" The old man, bearing of the foolish wager that has lately been made in Yorkshire by a gentleman to sell in two years one million boxes of lucifer matches. has declared that his daughter shall not be given in marriage until her lover has performed a similar task,- that is, that he shall sell one million boxes of lucifer matches and half-a-million packets of paste blacking; and that he shall only sell two horses for a penny, and one cake of paste blacking for a penny, and not more than one shilling's worth at a time. The young man has willingly consented to comply with the old man's wish, with a hope that he may sell them sooner than the capricious father anticipates. He will * commence in Nottingham next week, and from thence he will pass through the several towns of England till his mission be completed.-A'oHin^/iaw» Mercury, October, 1849\. . PAINTED THE Professor Reid, a practical chemist of New York, and a person to be relied upon, states that having seen in the shop windows of that city a sample of green tea of a very bright colour, he suspected it was of that class of painted and poisonous teas lately examined by London chemists. He examined the article, and says he has discovered it to lie painted tea that is old, stale, and exhausted tea covered with some colouring matter no doubt injurious to health and proposed a simple test, which is, to take a spoonful of ten and put it in half a tumbler of water, and allow it to stand for five minutes, and then stir it up when the paint will be detached and form a turbid mixture with the water. The public however, cannot always be upon its guard against these frauds, and the only mode is, that when painted lea is actually sold and selected as such, publish the name of the person who sells it, in order to guard the public against future impositions-. The Patriot, > Tun NATIONAL GUARDS. AND LOUIS PHILIPPE. If we had not reached, a point in public events at which nothing surprises us on account of its apparent improbability, we should perhaps have refrained from starting a circumstance that has just been brought to our notice. The information, however, has reached us upon such authority that we do not feel justified in withholding it from our renders, though we are not in a position to assert the fact on our own personal knowledge. ; We are assured that a deputation from the Parisian National Guard now in London have waited on the Comte tin Neilly, nt Claremont, to offer their condolence with the Royal exile on his altered fortuitous, find they were very graciously received, and that the (Joint expressed his regret that he could not prevent them to his illustrious consort, in consequence of that august lady's indisposition ; but added, that as he understood they were not to leave London for a few days, he should have much pleasure in introducing them on a future occasion, to the Countess de Neuilly. On their return to town, as we are further informed, the members of the deputation determined that at their nest interview they would present to the Comte an address expressive of their devotedness to his person and regret for his misfortunes; and this address, we understand, has actually been drawn up, preparatory to another visit to Claremont probably in the course of this day. The names of several of the members of the deputation have been communicated to us, but it must be obvious that the present state of feeling in Paris affords the most cogent reason for declining to give them publicity Morning Post. THE ELECTRIC LIGHT Some very interesting and important experiments had been exhibited in the great room of the Hanover-square Rooms to prove the power and the efficacy of the (talented electric light of which Mr. W. E. Suite is the inventor. The results were as favourable as could he wiMiml by the inventor, and certainly surpassed the expectations of most of those who were assembled to witness them. The light resembles a spark of the must brilliant and vivid file, about the size or rather less than the burner of a common Argand lamp. It is not a flame, but is an incandescent light. There is no combustion, nor will it produce combustion by coming in contact with combustible substances. The power is immense, resembling day or two light, and obscuring the light of candles in the manner That rays of daylight obscure them. The great room was Humiliated by the opera the The light is generated or produced by a battery of 44 plates, of the dimensions of li square yards. It is understood to be self- regulating, and to be so cheap that any person can afford to pay for it. The tripli- cation of this invention to the use of lighthouses was partly discussed, and its advantages set forth. It is the intention of the inventor to give a series of lectures at the Hanover-square Rooms tin his discovery. The public and scientific persons will therefore be afforded an opportunity very shortly of running their opinion of its merits). UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. KING'S COLLEGE, CAMUHIUUK -The Rev. C. T. Abraham, M A., Fellow of this college, and one of the Master of Eton, has been appointed Leetmerof St. George's, Windsor. Patrons, The Dean and Chanter. A vacancy has occurred in his college by the marriage of Mr. James Parke, TUAN., some time Vice-Provost. It will be filled up by Mr. V Fyfe, K.S., Senior Scholar on the foundation of King College, Mr. Wayte was Newcastle Scholar in 1946. 1 STATE OF TRADE IN BinsiiNGHAM.-We are gratified in being able to utiiioiince'iiu improvement in the trade of the town, caused by an increasing demand for various descriptions of merchandise, particularly for foreign orders. It is well known that during the continuance of hostilities in the Iii MT Plate our commercial relations with Montevideo and Buenos Ayres had almost entirely ceased, but, owing; to the successful mediation of England and France, our trade to South America has recovered from its long paralysis, and we have the satisfaction of stating that our foreign merchants are now, and have been for some time past, busily engaged in completing extensive orders for the market The demand for our manufactures for the ti unie market is also improving, and, although the progress of commercial read ion may be slow, we have every reason to believe that it will he steady and permanent.-Birmingham journal Times. Nov. (J. THE TRIGONOMETRICAL. SuitviiY OF LONDON On Thursday, November 2, the last piece of scaffolding, built for the purpose of enabling the Sappers and Miners to make a trigonometrical survey of the metropolis and surrounding centres, was remo, ed from the gallery above the dome of St. Paul's, and in the course of the day carted away. Although the scaffold was only up three months, the observations taken were between 3,000 and 4,000 iii which were included every division in the degree. In many instances the same subject was going over us mail) us six limestone less IIIHII three or four. The utmost distance obtained Maa 26 miles in the circle, with the exception of the null finest point; here Highgate hill impeded the observations, the crown of the hill being hinder than the level from which the observations were taken. With this single exception no difficulties presented themselves, and the survey and the various attitudes obtained use of the most saiisfai'.l.iiy description. In the language of the parties engaged, the metropolis and the surrounding countries may be considered nearly a level plain. Although below it was repeatedly misty, the Atmosphere was exceedingly clear above, which enabled the Sappers and Miners repeatedly to obtain the utmost limit of their survey. The extreme height of the scaffolding, from the base to the crown upon which the observatory was built, mis 161 feel, and look between a fortnight and three weeks in raising. As the whole was bound together with ropes, about one-half in ion was used for the purpose, is may be gratifying to know that in this perilous undertaking not the slightest accident-nut even to the breaking of a single pane of glass occurred, while only some of the corners of' her planks were chipped of IT during the removal. The most dangerous part of the work was the fixing of the poles which supported the cradle, immediately beneath the principal done. These extended beyond the gallery 33 fret, and great skill and caution were requisite in fixing, as well a in removing them, for had the slightest slip occurred no power could have prevented them falling through into the church. The number of persons employed was 10. It may be interesting to know that the time which they occupied in going up was about seven minutes, while from four to the minutes were occupied in the descent. Some of the workmen had to go up and down three or four times a day. During the period the scaffold was up the lead work of the upper dome was repaired. The expense of the survey is very small, us the materials were supplied by the Commissioners of Woods and Forests. Globe. SUICIDE OF LORD MIDDLETON.-GODALMING, Saturday, We lament to record an event which has overwhelmed an eminent and noble family in affliction, and the whole neighbourhood of Puperbarow and Godalming in consternation. The unfortunate deceased (Lord Middleton,) a man in the prime of life, had been for some time rather eccentric in his manner anning, it was understood, from family matters. He had latterly resided almost alone in the superbly decorated minister at l'apeibarow Park, a short distance from Godaliuing. On the morning of Wednesday last an old servant of his LonMiip's, feeling uneasy at not seeing his master upon the usual time, went to his bedroom to see if he was ill, but on entering found that his Lordship was not there. He went and searched the house, and on entering a small mum was horror-struck lit bulling his noble master lying on the ground, in an appearance of blood issuing from the mouth. On the poor old man touching his Lordship's chest, be found it perfectly cold. The nevertheless instantly despatched the ate ward on horseback for the medical aid of Messrs. Steadman, who intended his Lordship professionally. Mr. Steadman immediately) stinted to Papeihiiiovv.paik, but found that Lord Middleton had been dead some hours, and that death had been caused by the noxious fumes of charcoal. His Lordship's will was lying on a table man, as well as a ring he usually wore and a pillow fetched from the deceased nobleman's bedroom was lying near the brazier and on in his Lordship's head was reclined. Letters were also funeral indicative of his Lordship's intention to destroy his life. The afflicted lady of Ide deceased arrived at Paperharovv-purk on Thursday, and it is stated that she was in the act of writing to his Lordship, stating her intention of returning home, when the messenger arrived with the dreadful news. His Lordship dies without issue, and is succeeded by Charles Itrudricke, son of the late Archbishop of Cashel, and bro ther to the former inrniiihi-nt of Shalford.- Time, November 0. AMERICAN CRITICISM ON MR. MACREADY -Mr. Macready appeared last night at Niblo's A.lor-pltioe Theatre as Brutus, in Julius Caesar. It was a finished performance, elaborate, chaste, quiet, dignified, grand, natural, throughout. The great actor is apparent in Mr. Macready, by not only the occasional bursts of genius at pin lieu lar passages, and the display of talents at certain special non Is, but more still, by the tranquillity and quiet of his manner, and the almost careless ease of his speech, deportment, and bearing. We might say of Mr. Macready, that, his very finest bits, which produce the greatest impression (especially upon those best able to Judge), are precisely those where he appears to make no effort at all, and where no energy, force, or violence are perceptible. For this reason he appears to vulgar minds not half so good an, actor us a more tumultuous, riotous declaimer would seem to them to be. There were several fine points in the performance last night, especially the quarrel and reconciliation with Cassius s also, at the moment when the ghost of Ctetar leaves him, his recovery and effort to address the apparition was very fine. But, fine as this play is, rich as it is in fine passages, of the most elevated sentiment and richest poetry, it is by no means favourable for the display of Boa acting, and Intellectual, histrionic conception, before miscellaneous audience. There is no love in it, no passion, no violent feeling, no ebullition of common passions; it is purely intellectual. It is such a pity as might be acted at Otford or Kind, with heads of colleges and halls, and professors and clerical scholars, for a special audience. New York Herald. Oct. 17. ANGLO-SAXON ANTIQUITIES One of the most curious and interesting of the many discoveries which modern research has made in this department of our national antiquities was communicated on Friday evening to a meeting of the British Archaeological Association by Mr. Thomas Bateman, of Yalgrave. This gentleman, it appeared, recently opened a tumulus at Henty Orange, in Derbyshire. in the centre had been deposited a human body, of which but little remained save the hair of the bend. But in the situation where the head rested were portions of silver binding and ornaments from a leather cup which had been decorated with four wheel shaped pieces and two small crosses in silver. There were also two enamels upon copper in silver frames; and towards the foot of the grave, the remains of a helmet formed of ribs of iron radiating from the crown and covered with narrow pieces of bom ; upon the top was a brass plate, and surmounted upon this iii.' figure of a wild boar or hour in iron with bronze eyes ; there were also portions of a had appeared to be from mail armour. The boar, Mr. Bateman remarked, was a prominent animal in the mythology of the northern li ibes. He considered the remains to be of the sixth or seventh century, if not earlier. Times, October 30. THE ASSYRIAN ANTIQUITIES it is with infinite regret we have to state that the cases of Assyrian sculpture, on, which have reached the British Museum from Nimroud via Bombay, have suffered so much in their transit as to have greatly impaired the value of some, and utterly destroyed the usefulness and interest of others. The whole are in bad or ruined condition, and obliged to be placed at once in skilful hands to amend and restore what is possible. The drawers, generally, had been so carelessly packed with stone and glass, or vitrified substances und alabaster, mixed together, that the latter two trailer materials have been, in many instances, broken to pieces, or ground into dust. The destruction in this respect is irreparable The ivory subjects and cm ted stones and nuctipliolis, though mutilated, are not so far willy Inst; and when they are cleared of the mud and dirt in which they were found by Mr. Lay Mid, and forwarded to England, will, we trust, lead us to a more genuine know bulge of This ancient world, people, used their tails and histories. We presume that several weeks must elapse before the antiquities can he in a fit state to be shown to the public. In addition to the misfortunes we have men lived, he am sorry to say that some of the most precious of the reins ulm h reached Bombay time but got thence to London. By whom or' how abstracted does not appear; but certain it is that they were seen in India, and are not among the packages for war did toEuulind; and it is lamentable to think lil ii, aft. r having been preserved by Mother Earth for 3,000 years, they should have been brought in the light of 1 day only to perish. Literary Gazette. THE NEW RULES OF EGYPT. ALEXANDRIA, 14th October.- Ibrahim Pasha, now virtually Viceroy of Egypt, continues to suffer from illness, and is at present staying at Cairo. His medical attendants have a great deal of trouble with his Highness, for it is with reluctance that he abides by their prescriptions, and whenever he feels at all better, their entreaties are of no avail in keeping him from committing excesses. His Highness has also been in a very bad li um our for some time, and devotes his intention solely to retrench, in the farm lies of the Go eminent officers and reducing the expenses of the countryside for his own private benefit. From his intolerance of advice no one ventures to give to Ilirnliiiu Pasha an opinion, unless it coincide with his own, for he has been known to get into a violent passion when contradicted, and always fancies he knows more than others. The Nile has this year risen to an unusual height, and has committed considerable havoc in the country by washing away fields of Indian corn and uprooting (trees, and, us it has Hooded a much greater extent of land line is under cultivation, the writer will occupy a great length of time in returning to its natural channel, HILL next J year's crops will consequently be retarded and impaired. The island of Rhodes, opposite Cairo, with its beautiful gardens, is completely submerged, and thousands of valuable plains and trees have been destroyed. The line avenue of trees leading along the banks of the Nile from Cairo to the palace of Shoobra, and a great number of villages, are also under water. Fortunately the water, which had risen to the extent of 26 feet, has been subsiding during the last few days. One of the Bungil steamers, which was conveying the cargo intended for India up the Nile, having gone out of her course during the night, grounded near a village at a considerable distance from the bed of the river, and there will be great difficulty in getting her off. The cargo was transferred to other boats. The Hon. Mr. Murray, our Consul-General, has returned from VI is in Sinai. The English Consul, Mr. Gilbert, seems determined upon discountenancing the possession of slaves by British subjects residing in Alexandria, and has issued a notice to the effect that if all those who hold slaves do not give them their liberty they will be prosecuted according to British law. The last French steamer from Marseilles brought to Alexander four French officers of artillery and engineers, and the next steamer is expected to bring eight more, who are all to be employed under the French Colonel of engineers, Galilee Bey, in completing the fortifications of Alexandria. Ibrahim Pasha has declared the trade in gum arabic and selina from the upper country to be tree. The Egyptian Government and Ibrahim Pallin, disappointed in their expectations of a considerable rise in prices, have declined selling any produce for the ' present. Exchange III London 9th piastres per pound ! sterling. AUTOGRAPH LETTERS sale by auction of a most ¡nleie.-mu collection of autograph letters had taken place by Messrs. Puttick and Simpson, the auctioneers, of Piccadilly. Amongst the letters there were no fewer than 140 in the autograph of King William III., chiefly military despatches addressed to Charles Henry de Lurinine, Prince of Voudnionl. This interesting collection the auctioneer (Mr. Pollack) wished to dis- pose of in one lot ; but there being an objection, The letters were sold as catalogued, and produced in the aggregate about 401. The following autograph letters of illustrious personages were deserving of notice on account of their excessive rain. A letter of the celebrated Duchesse de la Valicare, bearing date J unitary 28. 1913, and having reference to the entry of a young lady, in whom she took great interest, into the House of St. Cyr, sold for '5. 4s. A letter of John Churchill, Duke of Marlborough, dated August 20, 1700, ordering the release of the Barren Hallasirini, sold for li. 15s. A letter of James III., the old Pre- tender, or the Chevalier de St. George, to the Duke de Vendome, congratulating him on his conduct in the affairs of Spain, dated St. Germain, December an. 1710. sold for 17. 10s. A letter of Diane de Poitiers, mistress of Henry I., to the Duke d'Aumale on The marriage of M. de Vendome. This extremely rate letter sold for 4\. 6s. A most rare letter of Cardinal B'dUrmin, librarian of the Vatican under Paul V., addressed to the clergy of Avignon, sold for li. IHs. A letter of Theodore Bexu, addressed to Mucloie Purposes very rare autograph, sold for If. 134. A letter from Charles V., King of France, called " Le Sage," authorizing his brothers Louis d"An you and Jean de Berri to act against the King's enemies, consisting of only two lines, sold for If. 84. A scarce Holograph "f Fenelon, Archbishop of Cambray, told for li 2s. The other autographs were equally interesting, and sold well. Globe SINGULAR DISEASE OF THE EYE A singular case occurred last week in the Glasgow Eye lout mary. A girl, of 10 years of age, having applied on account of loss of sight of her left eye, the cause was ascertained to be the presence of a living room or hydatid (the cysticercus of scientific naturalism in the eye, close before the pupil, which it completely obstructed. This species of animal consists of a round bag about the size of a small pea, from which on one side springs its body, which is a fragment, consisting of numerous rings, and capable of being elongated and retracted as the creature's Hill. The body ends in a neck and head, and the latter is supplied with four lateral suckers. All this was plain to the naked eye in this instance, but appeared still more so when the animal was viewed through a microscope. As the" existence of such a creature in the interior of the eye not only prevents vision, but ultimately destroys the whole texture of the organ, it was resolved to remove it by operation. This was successfully effected on Saturday last. The patient behaved with perfect steadiness, und e I found her various immediately restored. The hydatid continued to live for more than half-an-hour after being extracted. As only four similar cases are on record, the worm excited much curiosity, and was examined--, by numerous visitors, both lay und'meilieaU- Glasgow Chronicle. l - ' ? -. -. _> AN AMERICAN MARELLA dead, alligator, as newspaper readers may remember, which was lately found floating in the bay of New York, awakened much speculation among naturalists; the recent discovery of the skeleton of another, almost as far north, in New Jersey, is therefore not a novelty of wonder in these regions, except from the immense size of the latter, and from a matter of most curious antiquarian interest connected with its exhumation. Times last alligator or crocodile, measuring 84) feet in length, was found at Katoiilown, New Jersey, about ten miles from Long Branch, while digging for mart. The skeleton lay about six feet beneath the surface in a stratum of green sand and underneath this skeleton, as if it had dropped from the mouldering stomach of the monster was found an ancient coin 1 This coin is described to" us by an intelligent correspondent, who has handled it, as about the size of a dollar; its composition, in which there is a large share of silver, being probably Corinthian brass. On the face of it is the figure of a lion, with the date "0-48" in Arabic numerals; on the reverse, amid several illegible letters, the frag-, mentary words, Arg. Proton. Lalia Me." may be deciphered, surrounding two larger letters, in the centre one of which is the Greek " II" with an "R" interwoven with it. We understand that the whole of this curious matter is to be brought before some antiquarian society in the regular mode, with all the necessary testimony as to facts particular of the dis. cover. But while those learned gentlemen are puzzling themselves as to the pre consulship in which this coin was cut, and calling in the aid of the geologist to account for its locality, our quick. minded readers will instantly jump to the honest conclusion that this crocodile, who found his brain amid the sands of New Jersey, had 2,000 years ago, half digested some Human Soldier in the rivers of Africa, ere he floated westward for a new meal, with the poor fellow's last coin still preserved in his maw. New York Literary World. ABD-EL-KADEB.-The arrival of Abd-el-Kader at Bordeaux created a lively sensation in that city. He alighted at the Hotel des Princes. The ex-Premier had assigned to him the apartments on the first floor, which were occupied by the son of the Viceroy of Egypt when at Bordeaux. The females were lodged on the second floor. They were soon after followed by their suite, amounting to 47 persons. On Friday, about half-past 2 o'clock, the Mayor and Municipal Council visited the prisoner, being introduced to him by Captain Fours mer, of the staff, who is appointed by the Government to attend him during the whole of his journey from Pau to Amboise. On Saturday evening Abd-el-Kader was prevailed upon to go to the theatre, and entered at 9 o'clock, attended by Major-General Poitiaiunon, the Prefect, and the mayor, going first into the Prefect's box, and afterwards into that of the major. He was received by the audience with every mark of respect, which, in spite of his Oriental gravity, he evidently showed afforded him great satisfaction. He did not retire until the whole of the performances were finished. He was to leave Buidcuus on Sunday morning. Times, Nov. 9. DRAINING Mr. James Strachan, of Milne's Institution, Fochaliers, has just prepared a series of tables on draining, which will be found of great use now so much attention is directed to that important mode of improving land. The little work is clearly and carefully drawn up, and shows the number of rods and rods of drains in any quantity of land from one pole to KID acres, and from 4 to 35 yards apart. It also shows the number of tiles, 22, 14, 15 and 18 inches long, required for from I rood or rod to 20,000 roods or rods. Thus, the contents of any field, &c.;, to be drained being ascertained, and the distance between the drains decided Of, the number of roads or rods, as also the number of the 8 required, will he found in these tables. The utility thereof to land surveyors, land-stewards, proprietors of landed estates, farmers, draining con tractors, fire., must be apparent. They have only to refer to these calculations to save great loss of time and much trouble. Mr. Strachan, therefore, has done them good service by the issue of this cheap and compact into work -Globe. THE EARLY CLOSING MOVEMENT A meeting had been held til Halliday's Coffee- house, Holborn, for the purpose of inducing the employers of the district to fix a limit to the hours of labour, Mr. Robinson, who was called on to preside, said that the association had encountered great difficulties in its onward course, and now that their principles were making rapid strides he implored them not to relax in their evident ours. The following resolution was proposed by Mr. Ashenden : - "This meeting, believing the present system of late shopping injurious to the mural und ruleth dual, and physical condition of young men engaged in business, do hereby pledge themselves to do everything in their power to effect an earlier closing of shops in all trades." It was stated that till the shops in Regent street now close at 7 o'clock in the evening. The resolution was carried unanimously, and a committee for the district was formed. - Globe. CHOLERA BELLS. The troops in this garrison have received orders to hear the "cholera belts" for the future. They are composed of flannel, and cost 2s. \- Athlone Independent. UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE, OXFORD, OCT. 7. THE NKvV VICE-CHANCULLOII.-In it Convocation holden this day at 12 o'clock a teller of nominations from his Grace the Duke of Wellington, Chancellor of the University, relative to the appointment of a new Vice Chancellor in the room of the Rev. Dr. Symons, Warden of Wadham College, whose term of office had expired, was read by the Senior Proctor, the Rev. Mr. Andrews, Fellow of Exeter College, and submitted to the approbation of the house. The Rev. Frederic Charles PI tun pire, Doctor in Divinity, Master f University College, the new Vice-Chancellor, was then sworn, and iiuuiiim'iusly distilled into office in the usual manner, the late Vice-Chancellor, in a Latin speech, having previously briefly lunched upon the leading events of his period of government, and alluded to the eminent qualities of his successor. The Warden of Wadham, the Rector of Exeter, the Rector of Lin coin, and the President of St. John's were then appointed Pro Vice-Chancellor by the Vice-Chancellor, to exercise his power in case of his illness or necessary absence from the University. Dr. Plump Ice, in taking office, in a Latin speech, which was listened to with attention and interest, praised Dr. Symons for the solidity of judgment, steadfastness of purpose, and courtesy of demeanour, which had characterized his proceedings during his entire period of office. Times. DOVER HARBOUR OF REFUGe The works of this great national undertaking have been most actively prosecuted during the summer months, and the progress made reflects much credit on the energy and skill of the contractors. The piling of the breakwater has been, carried out to five feet water at low water Spring tides, while the massive masonry which forms the pier is rapidly growing up, rock-like, on either hand. Dover Chronicle. BUCKINGHAM PALACE. The works at this royal residence are now proceeding with great vigour, but they are not expected to be finished until the close of the next summer, in consequence of the extent of the alterations and additions in progress, and intended to be made. The new wing, however, forming a frontage to the whole building, is now completely raised, and the internal operations are progressing at the same time that the ornamental portions of the exterior are being proceeded with as fast at practicable, and already afford evidence of the much improved appearance which the building will present when the whole is completed. It is now, we believe, definitively arranged that the splendid marble arch in the centre, which cost originally so large a sum of money, and formed so important a portion of the approaches to the palace, is to be altogether removed, and it is understood to be not improbable that the arch may come into the possession of an eminent builder and contractor for works of this extensive and important character. The wreck of the pavilion at Brighton has been made of service in the furnishing and embellishment of the new wing, as most of the large and splendid marble chimney pieces which adorned the deserted marine royal residence alluded to have been removed to Buckingham Palace, and are in the course of erection in the newly-made apartments. . Olio chimney-piece in particular, which is destined to surmount the fireplace in the new breakfast room, situated in the new compartment of the building, and at the extreme angle of the front wing looking towards Piccadilly, is of the most splendid and valuable character, and is valued at the amount of several thousand pounds. Although the additions now being made to this royal residence will greatly add to the convenience of the illustrious occupants by the increased number of apartments which will be placed at their disposal, yet none of them will be of very great extent, nor, we believe, of larger dimensions than the majority of the rooms in the previous portions of the I edifice-Evening Mail, 25th October. Printed and Published at the " Courier" Office. No. 31, Collins-street, Hobart Town in Van Diemen's Land, by HENRY BEST and CHARLES BEST, Printers, (the said I HENRY BEST residing at Sandy Bay,' and. the said CHARLES BEST at the"' Courier" Office aforesaid to 1 whom all communications are to be addressed. 