Domestic Intelligence. THE COTTON EXPERIMENT. —We have been favoured with a sample of cotton grown at Dempsey's Island, Hunter's River, near Newcastle, by Dr. Martin Richardson. It is of a beautiful white colour, scarcely so silky in gloss as the Balwarra white cotton, but of a soft elastic woolly feel and texture; to our apprehension this cotton resembles very much the better kinds of American cot- ton imported into Liverpool, but appears of finer quality and more silky than most of it. The seed from which this cotton was produced was some of that brought by Dr. Harrington from America, and was planted in a similar manner to maize, and little more care has been taken in its cultvation. There are no seeds in the sample sent to us, and our correspondent does not say whether they were difficult of extraction or the contrary, or what their colour was. In regard to the half- acre of cotton, we regret much to state that, after all, it was a comparative fai- lure, the frost having, in a few nights, done more mischief than all the hot dry- ing winds of the summer could effect At first, while the frosts were not severe, the outer edges of the leaves turned black and shrivelled slightly, but the pods did not appear injured. The plant, how'- ever, was evidently affected, for very few pods afterwards opened, and, at length, a few nights of more severe frost settled the affair, the pods turning nearly black, and the plants drooping, and evidently losing all vegetating power. This result is much to be regretted, for, although a hot and dry season evidently does not, in itself, injure the cotton plant, yet it de- lays its progress towards flowering and podding so much that it renders the plant liable to be attacked by frost before the pods are all ripened and opened. At Bulwarra, the produce will not be a fourth of what was promised before the frosts commenced.—Maitland Mercury. THINGS THEATRICAL.—Buckingham, the comedian, who was, some time since, reported in the Sydney, and some of the Melbourne newspapers, as having first turned methodist preacher, and then given up the ghost, was still alive and kicking at the date of the latest advices from New Zealand. THE MAURITIUS.—By the Hero, we have papers to the 3d of March. Colonel Robe had arrived, and felt happy in being installed in his new but congenial post. We described some weeks ago the strong efforts making in Port Louis towards the establishment of steam communication with Aden, and we find, in the papers before us, additional evidence of the pro- spective advantages which await the Aus- tralian colonies in the assured fulfilment of the project.—South Australian Re- gister, June 23. IMPOUNDING PIGS.—A farmer, of the name of Patrick O'Shaughnessy, re- siding on Elgin Special Survey, appeared before Mr, M'Lachlan and Captain Dana, at the police office, yesterday, charged with impounding twenty pigs, the pro- perty of Mr. D. Balfour. It appeared the animals had been impounded from complainant's own property, and the Bench refused to entertain the case, on the ground of want of jurisdiction, as it did not come under the provisions of the Impounding Act ; the complainant hav- ing his remedy in another court, Mr. Balfour expressed his determination to take other proceedings in the matter. Mr. Belcher, clerk of the bench, said it would be advisable for the Legislature, in the present session, to revise the existing Impounding Act, which was of such an unintelligible character, that, although he had been seven yearsá looking over its provisions, he dijd not yet understand them. IMMIGRATION.— THE Hon. F. Scott, had given notice in the House of Com- mons, of his intention to move for a return of the expenses at each of the depôts or other establishments for the reception of emigrants during the year 1847 and 1848 respectively; distinguish- ing in each case whether the payments are made from imperial or colonial funds —and defining : — 1. The amount paid for rent of each depôt and the name of the owner. 2. Cost per head of each emigrant for depôt expenses ; specifying the charge for lodging and rations. 3. Cost of bedding and utensils for each emigrant, by whom supplied, and whether by public or private contract. 4\. Expense of establishments of naval agents at London and Plymouth respec- tively, with the number of clerks and the amount paid to each ; also any ad- ditional sums paid for other and what superintendence at the aforesaid depôts. 5\. The amount paid to each selecting agent in Great Britain and Ireland, and at what per centage. The amount per head for the conveyance of emigrants to the depots at London or Plymouth, and the commission paid to agents for ship- ping emigrants at the outports of Great Britain or Ireland on their way to the said depots. 7. Average amount paid as per contract for the conveyance of emigrants to each of the Australian colonies per statute adult. 8. Charge, if any, stating the several items and the amount borne by each of the Australian colonies for the maintenance of the Co- lonial Land and Immigration Commis- sioners' department. Mr. Scott had also given notice of his intention to ask the Under-Secretary of State for the Colo- nies.—1. How many free passages to the Australian colonies it is the present intention of the Colonial-office to give to Dorset and Wilts. 2. Whether it is intended to do the same in other and what counties. 3. How much these free passages will (at the average cost per head of each statute adult) cost the colony to which they go. 4. How many more emigrants might have gone if the grant had been made to assisted, instead of free passengers. 5. Whether it is intended that they should have the pre- ference over previous applicants for assisted passages, and sail shortly, while these latter are detained. 6. The amount of Colonial funds at present available for emigration. 