ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION This Day. Mr. EASEY , at the Stores of Messrs. J. & R. Bakewell, at one o'clock,. Wool and Sheepskins. MESSRS. W. M. TENNENT & Co., at Cole's Wharf, at elevon o'clock, Shingles; at their Rooms, at twolvo o'clock, Holloware, Flooring Brads, Lamp Chimnies &c.; MESSRS, BEAR AND SON, at their Yards, at twelve o'clock, Horses and Mares. Mr. Dal. Campbell, at the Market Yards, at twelve o'clock, Fat Cattle. , Mr. T. Armitstead, at his Rooms, House Pro- perty. _ New Police Office.-His Worship the Mayor will preside this morning in the new police office, Swanston street. The furniture of the old building, in the Market square, was removed yesterday after the police business had been disposed of. The publicans in the vicinity of the new office will give a first-rate luncheon in honor of the occasion, and the Advocates, Chief Constable, Clerks, &c;, are to meet at the Rain bow Hotel, to do justice to the generosity of the proprietor. Fatal Accident.-On Monday even- ing a melancholy occurrence took place on the Keilor Road, about two miles from Melbourne. ' Mr. Fleming, junior, was driving a gig, in which were his mother and his two sisters, being on the way from town to. his father's residence on the Moonee Ponds ; when at the turn of the road, the wheel of the vehicle came in contact with a stump and threw out Miss Elizabeth Fleming, who was standing at the time in front of the gig, with violence to the grouud, alighting on her head. She was immediately raised, seemingly not much hurt, and convoyed to the next house, where she expired in an hour afterwards during the absence of her brother for Mr. Fleming. Conbussion of the brain was the cause of death. The body was brought into town and doposited at the St. John's Tavorn, An inquest was held next day before Dr. Wilmot, and a jury of house- holders, when a verdict of " Accidental Death,' was returned. The Keilor Affair.-An examina- tion took place yesterday morning at the police office, before Mr Payne, J.P., relative to the sup- posed murder of Keane, at Keilor. The proceed- ing was strictly private, but we have ascertained that sufficient evidence was adduced to warrant a further remand of Mrs Keane, and a man arrested on suspicion. This man, who was a shepherd in the employ of Mr Yuille, it is supposed was an accomplice of the woman. Mr Brodie has dis- covered a few lower jaw teeth, near the missing man's hut, which have been injured by the action of fire. The above investigation was the last business transacted at the old police office. Theatre.-The ,usual performances at this establishment having been suspended by the termination of the season, the public were invited on Monday evening to a somewhat mysterious entertainment, given by some gentleman with- out a name, but who promised to combine science with pleasure, instruction with amusement, and astronomy with the magic lantern, in a very varied entertainment. Although the announce- ment was not made in the Argus, for which all we can say to the parties concerned, is, that we pity their taste, we attended as a matter of duty, anxious for the furtherance of any scheme of rational recreation, and were glad to find a tolerably numerous attendance. Unlike the boys who laughed at the stale expedient of "spring guns," but dreaded being"specificated" the terrors of a "lucernal microscope exhibiting objects 18,000 times their natural size," and the dreadful incomprehensibility of " phantasmagoric eccentricities" were wholly inoperative in pre- venting the attendance of a large number of the wonder-loving public. Understanding well, as all men impregnated willi science do, the laws of attraction, the announcements set forth in blazing letters " under tbe patronage of C, J. La Trobe" -" unprecedented attraction"-intellectual treat" -" astronomy, natural history, botany" " mechanical figures"-"alucernal microscope" -" phantasmagoric eccentricities, &c.; &c.;" The audience were invited also to hear an account of the Chaldeans, Egyptians, Chinese, Grecians, Babylonians, Heathen Mythology, Discoveries of Eratosthenes, Archimed-.s, Hipparchus, Ptolemy, Pythagoras, and other illustrious indi- viduals, of whom, for further particulars we must refer to the 'encyclopaedian bils. It says some- thing for the presence of mind and courage of the attendants, that, so far as we could observe, there was not the slightest indication of fear expressed in any countenance; we particularly observed a child, under seven years of age stating at Eratosthenes, evidently without the slightest awe or trepidation, and apparently caring less for him and his discoveries, and all the host ol the Chaldeans and Egyptians, than for the orange he was sucking. One philosophic looking gentle- man, in the gallery, appeared a little perph le I, but we were not surprised upon ascertaining that he was reading a programme upside down. The performance commenced by putting out the lights, and the audience who had previously been suffi- ciently puzzled, were now left entirely in the dark. A slight scream-a hoarse laugh-a shrill whistle-and a general " up with the rag" brought the lecturer and a solitary candle to tbe front of the stage It is needless to say that the " Gods" who had been attracted in great strength, no doubt in compliment to the treatise on the " Heathen Mythology," were not pacified with the light of science alone. On the contrary, knowing how destructive its influence has proved to their successful practice upon the superstitious they determined to exercise their calling to the fullest extent under the favourable shelter which darkness always afforded the oracles of old. A running commentary upon the performance was immediately commenced, and kept up with considerable alacrity throughout the evening, con- stituting by far the most amusing part of the per- formance, and confirming impressions that we have long entertained, that a British mob isone of the wittiest things in nature, and that if it could be deprived of its occasional grossucss, it would frequently shame much more enlightened assemblages. A phantasmagoric skull was the first object presented, but we observed nothing remarkable in the phrenological development, we confers, however, that the candle behind the curtain, which from a perverse disposition insisted upon exhibiting itself with ridiculous brilliancy, in every solemn spectacle, reminded us of the shin ing brass button which glittered so brightly in the eyes of Scrooge,through the body of Marley's ghost We forgot, for the moment, the philosophy of the Egyptians of old, who always had a spec ac'e of death present at their festivities, or we might have understood that the object of this exhibition was to induce the audience to reflect upon what was to come hereafter, the "gods" were more enlightened, and when the skull magically disappeared, a deep voice exclaimed with ludicrous gravity "I know him veil, aas, poor Yorick.'" Many of the illustrations took place admidst profound silence, and without a word of explanation which tended to increase the waggery of the unwashed. A skeleton in- troduced in miniature, and gradually increasing in size and ugliness, led to the interrogatory of ''Who's your friend1' A series of scenes the site of which was left wholly to the imagination, followed by the inferior of Fingal'* Cave, ac- companied by its name aloud, was greeted by a profound und grateful " Thank you" A long pause elicited a capital imitatton of Hydes "Thuppose vie thucktheed to de armony ob de ebenng," but when the harmony was at- tempted, one of poor Mr Megson s best over- tures met with no more iudul"ent cn icism thun, " Come, you're u long time crosi cu ting that lo¿ " A return to the more be entihc business ol the evening provoked from a stn ill Loyuh voice, in a mixed tone of shurpne a, reproach, and disgust, " Why that's astronomy ugin ' ' A slight ucuhnl which jerked a s enebuUdenly in, and as suddenly lemoved it, produced u senUn tious " Cuine hie shadows, so depart ' ' Would jou Knd me the book you took that om oil' greeted a notice of some notabl» discovery in the sub lme science of tüe s tai s And thus run on the lively commentari s of the audience throughout the evening, reducing it more to a sou of fríen dy conversazione thun a form ii lecture \\\ e arc, in dined,however, to dijusticu to me lecturer. His knowla Ige ol the buujcct apptaied complete; and his composition good, but scicnco is scarcely sui rd to a theatrical audience, it would be diffi- cult indeed in such a mixed assembly, and with the license which usage re oguises us u privilege, all the world ovei, to mum tain the order neces- sary to render a lecture on astronomy cither in- teresting or altogether imellic,iole , besides which there waa a slight want of alacrity and manage- ment, which rather lavoured the depurture from the usual order and silence of the lecture room. Fine Arts -Very few of our readers we will be bound are avtare of a very serious lois which they bave lately sustuincd in the depart- ment of the tine Arti lenders have been requested for the erection of quarters for the keeper of the Powder Mugizine, and upou these intended quarters has been txertiied all tho taste and n gci uity of n high official, who a though pos sewed of ruther eccentric ideas upon popular govermrint, is unanimou-dv allowed to be " first chop" in m liters of taste I he sue for the quur t rs teiug the top of Batman s Hill, the intended building was to have been a netit little erection of three stoi íes, consisting ol one room of some 12 or 14 len square in e ich stony. It was moreover to havo been btuccocd, whitewashed, &c;,, Bo as to mulie it as conspicuous as possible, and being something between alight house and n sentry-box, with just a dash of the Chineso Pagoda, we leave it to our readers to judge of the very pretty and original olject they have lost by a change having come over the dream ol us most uuiqutsuggestor. Perhaps some of our nautical fnends will lavour ui with sailing directions with regard io the Bat* man's Hill light house. Attempt! D Burglary.-William Setter and William Williamson, remanded f om Monday upou suspicion of having atlemptel to enter the house of Mr. Monger in blinders-lane on hunduy morning, again mado their appearance ut the Police Offico yesterday before W. Hull, Esq. J lie burglarious attempt was n t proved, but evidence wus adduced to shew that the prisoners wera idle and disorderly characters, hnvmg no visible means of support, and his Worship sentenrcd them to two m n Iib im pr Bonnum as va"rantc, Williamson protested hi> innocence, and exe turned v hen lcn\ ii g the dock, " I'm going to guol lor notlno0 this time, hut it shall be for eometbing next time " Mechanics' Institute.-The weather yesterday evening proved so exceedingly un- favorable that Mr. Ballingall'« Lecture, "Tho Improvements of the British Mercantile Navy," was postponed until Wednesday next. Rogues and Vagabonds-On Tuesday night the members of the " Thioves Association" were thrown into the utmost consternation by the arrest of several of the fraternity. Chief Con- stable Bloom field, determined on clearing the City of some of the disreputable characters, who live upon tho industry of others, apprehended the following Pen ton villains, as rogues und vagabonds: -William McDonald, Michael Lane, John Free- man, Joseph Ledger, John Harris, Thomas Jones, Thomas Haynes, and Wiliiam Cook. They were, brought betoro Mr. Hull yesterday, who imme- diately recognised Haynes as having been before him a few day» previously for uttering base coin. His Worship remanded them till this morning, but consented to take good bail for their ap- pearance-a privilege which the prisones rcoiild not avail themselves of. Mr. Bloomfield deserves credit for his exertions in this respect. «???"»«?«»??"«?ai 