Tkuntdttu. )ilth Sentemher. . /Before Messrs fionney and Tolmer.1 Jtanet Uiauop was cuargca witn oeing louna aruns ana wauowing in tbe goiter, in Hindley-street, on the previous evening. Police constable Banks who took him into custody, stated that he fcund him Wine helpless in the gu'.ter. He could neither walk nor vtana, ana statea lie was nui ihucu ucu« uuw. The prisoner, who was Teryjfrunk, staggered towards the table, and denied the charge, adding tbaVhc was never drunk in his life. His Worship— Wheie has be been all night ? Constable— Let out on bail. His Worship -Lock him rip. The victim of blue ruin wai promptly withdrawn, accompanied by « true blue. . , , ^ Junuj Green And Eliza Baler were charged with robbing Dr. Knott of foar shillings, a hair- comb, tootbpick, two lances, and a key, on Tuesday night last. ? Dr. Knott staled that as he was going np Hindley-street towards i« iiotisc, on Tuesday iftght last, about half-past ten, just near the ?cpciit; bjf tbe siiie of tbe M Clarendon Hotel,' be was accosted by* female, and moving away to avoid her, some wretch sprung cut from the opening, and seized bold of him. Tbe nigbt was very dark, and all be knew was, that be had to struggle and grapple with some wretch, but he could not say that the prisoner was the man. His Worship— Where was tbe female then ? Witness— I don't know. His Worship—Bow didsbe accost you ? Witness (torning hi«s head aside with a sort of comical confusion of countenance) replied, * Ob, in tbe usual way that they speak to people.' By tbe Bench- Could not observe whether tbe male prisoner was drunk or sober; tbe nigbt was too dark, and the assault too quick and prompt. The habiliments that the doctor had on when assaulted were here brought forward, aud as they were severally held up fcr inspection, put the whole Court upon tbe broad grin. First came what once had been a waistcoat, and, doubtless, both from its material and cut. when it existed iu its integrity, it had merits, which the most perfect exqui-ite could patronize ; but, alas ! there was a sad divMon of members apparent — one of the most important of all, the left hand pocket, was non est; some of the button* were gone, am) a rent ran up tbe entire length of the back, perfectly dividing the two great divisions of the vest, which were only held together with the narrow collar at the top : and as it was held up, balanced by this small mem brane, it more resembled a dyed cabbage-leaf, rent in twain by the wind, than au article made t - uncase 'the human form Divine ;' in fact such a ghost of a garment we never before witnessed. Ne.xt came a 'woe- begone' pair of trousers and coat; and, last, though not least, to claim a sympathetic tear, appeared a most ' shocking bad hat,' which had been cruelly battered from ' brim to rim,' and throughout its whole breadth aud depth was profusely lubricated with muddy wash. The articles were displayed principally to show the nature of tbe assault, and they told most graphically that the attack upon the doctor Was quite fierce, yet not bloody — Not deadly, but most muddy. But he could not swear to the identity of tbe man. J. Demon, blacksmith, was then examined, and stated about the time named by Dr. Knott, as be was going up Hindley-street, he heard a noise and scuffle ou the opposite side of the street, just op posite tbe opening spoken cf, aud presently be beard a cry of '?Police!1' and then saw a rain run rapidly from the spot. He ran after and stopped him, just behind witness's own bouse, and held him till the police came. As soon as he got up to prisoner, he turned round and asked witness what he warned. He saw no female. Dr. Knott would not give him in charge. By the prisoner Did hear the policeman tay that if I struck you be would let you go. Saw no woman with you. Police-constable Lander stated, that going up Hindley- street on the night in question, he saw the female prisoner standing at the corner of Morphctt-strcet. She stopped him, and asked some questions about a woman that bad been committed to gaol. She endeavoured to detain him in conversation, but he passed on up the street, and soon after beard a cry of'' police,' and saw tbe prisoner, or some other man, run away. Witness ran up ihe street, and passed Dr. 'Knott, who was then rising from the ground. Witness kept the man in .«ight till be got under the house, aud when he got up to him, found him in charge of the last witness. By (he Court Tbe female obstructed him no further than be described, lie saw no female neat Dr. Knott nor the prisoner. The night was tery dark, and it was difficult to distinguish objects, but he Was certain it was one of the two men he found near the house, as he had kept him in sight tbe whole way there. Dr. Knott would not give him in charge, and he therefore let him go. Yesterday morning, however, he acain look him into custody. The barman to the ' Clarendon Hotel' stated that, about half-past ten, the two prisoners came into that house, and he gave the man a glass of ale, and the woman a nobbier of gin. They left together about ten minutes afterwards. He beard the row outside. -By the female prisoner — Did- not see the bruise ou your face when I setved you with liquor. Lauder recalled — Searched the man when I took him icto custody, yesterday, and ftfuud fivepence, some tobacco, and three pipes. That was all. Both prisoners committed for assault and stealing from tbe person. 