His EXCELLENCY, who left town on hit way to the north, reachid Boihwell on the 1st, attended by his private secretary, A. Clarke, Esq. Next day he hunted with Mr.Shatland's hounds. On Thursday be honored with his presence the ball given by the neighbouring gentry to Ml.Sbarland which was fully attended, and again hunted on Friday. In llie evening he proceeded to Mr. E. Bisdee's residence at the Lovely Banks where he was joined by Lady Denison and liertwoeldest children, who had that morning left Hobart Town. On Saturday they proceeded to Oatlands, and remained at Page's Hotel until Monday, when they proceeded to Mona Vale, the hospitable seat of W. Kermode Esq., whence they were to be at Campbell Town to-morrow, where His Excellency would altend the Midland Agricultural exhibition, and dine vrilh the membere by invilation.] On Tuesday they would proceed to T, Walker, Esq,, and remain until Saturday. Thence proceed to Entally, the seat of the Rev. Thomas Reihy, and on Monday go on to Launceston. On Thursday, Hig Excellency will lay the first stone of the Presbyterian Church and afterwards dine with the members. On Thursday Lady Denison entertains the gentry of Launcesten and the northern districts at a ball, for which four hundred cards have been issued, and which is to take place at tbe Cornwall Hotel, THE main feature of lbe bill, " for the better government of the Australian colonies," ia the creation of a Legislative Assembly, two thirds of whose member, are to be the freely elected represents lives of the peaple. We state its eflect thus broadly; because there it Utile reason lo tuppose tbat the Legislative Cutincil, in lite exercise of (lie powett confeired upon litem by tlte 6ilt clause, will 6a the number of the future mem-' bers ot the Legislative Assembly at less than twenty four, or trill concede to the ^ officials tbe fractional advantage in point ' of numbers derivable under the bill by a ' 1 difierent cxercise of those powers. A majority of 16 to 8 is not easily beaten down, even giving credit to the , local authorities for every arbitral y inten. ! ti&n;, and for the power and the disjtosi- j tionof eveiy method ofcorruptiou which j is charitably surmised by certain of out ; contempotaites. It would puzile Katterfelto himself, assisted with all the machinery of a London pantomime, to cotivcn such a majority into a minority. Anil even supposing the colonists selected as representatives by the suffrages of their fellow countrymen to be as ' purchasable' as the Courier presumes they would be, we doubl whether Sir Robert Walpote himself could " purchase a bare tuajarity" in the assembly it he were compellable publicly to account lor the expenditure of evety single Earthing of the public money entrusted to his care, aud to pioduce the vouchers for his accounts When the Courier, therefore in the vain attempts to pioiotig the niiscoiicep. tions and the discontents wliicli are tbe slock in trade of the interested distutbers of all societies, strives to conjure up the phantom danger " that by the sirtngth possessed in the house, the Governor will command a large pioporlion of the votes, and by purchasing a bare majority may completely desuoy, by a second chamber, lhal structure o' thelegislatuie which constitutes its chief worth ; the public will sei down the auguries of the political seer at their true value, flacci, pili, nihili. The insult which higeuppo sition casts upon the honor and integrity of the representatives of this community, the doubt which it inters that the colo- nut. are capable of making a fit selec uono ihose to whose care l!,ty will con. fide the.r most important interest are tndeed unwarrantable. Yet the indigua- tton of the public must be mit,gated by recollection whence the calumny Drop . , , „ ' ceeds, and the reflecon that the Calumniators have merely endeavoured to judge others by themselves, and lo .i , , , ., reduce the standard of the pub c ,., . „ . . , , . . morality ol the colonists lo the evel of ... .. , , . their own venality, and vulgarity of soul. . . . . 6 ' ' Noscs teipsum, is a good maxim, but. t . , - . . loi tuuately for humanity, u is not the . ., , r J , , . , tnvanable key of universal knotvledee, 6 ,„. The Courier will find it hard lo persuadens readers that the local govern, ment which, even in the present nominee Conned has been unable to depend upon a working »»jw,«v1 where the numbers of official repicsentatives arc as 6 to 8> and wliere llie Lieutenant Governor has a casting vote w|| bo uble lo construct a very poweful battery against the hbertie of the subject out of their "large propornon of the votes '-posittvely a third out of 24 member.-; in a Representative y ' ^ ^ ' ncmbcr WUl1 11,0 kn0Wledee " ,al at n0 ^ d,S,anl ' ieriod !ic raU61 ear Lefore °PP constituents to render an account of l.i, stewardship. Our contemporary's shift, and deuces must be indeed at dead low water mark- The getting up of his last bughear does little credit to his sinister ' ingenuity. H,s ghost i. too apparently a sham one. The Confers skull is loo evidently <z turnip; the glaring of his spectres saucer eyes is too manifestly the effulgence of candle-ends; i.sshroud, ts loo apparently the Courier's own broad shee,, ' full of sound and futy, signifying nothing and there can be little question that the stick which : himseT " " ° Ur ingen ' 0aS C ° memp0,aTy | j We may therefore comfort ourselves notwithstanding the predictions of the j Courier, with the hope of possessing ' soon a popular assembly, both in name | and in reality. The powers conferred I upon that Assembly by the proposed act appear at first sight to embrace all the functions which belong of right to such a body. It is to possess authority, under lhe 12lb clause of the act make laws for the peace, welfare, and good government of the colony, and by such laws to appropriate to the public service within the colony the whole ol her Majesty's revenue within the colony, arising from taxes, duties rates and imposts levied on her Majesty's subjects within the same." The restrictions upon the exetcise of these powers imposed by the act are as follows: 1st. That no law be repugnant lo the law ol England. 2nd. That the Assembly sbsl) not ioterfer 8 in any manner with tbe sale or other ape priation of tbe lands belonging to th crown wttbiu tbe colony, or with the revenue tbeaoe arising, Sid. That it absll pass no bill appropriatingto the public service any sum or sums of money, unless tbe Governor on her Majesty's behatf shall firat bavereeommsnded to tbe oovncil to make provision lor the specific publio service towards which such money is to be appropriated, 4ih. That no part of her Majesty's revenues arising from tbe sources aforessid, shall be issued or issuable except in pursuance of warrants under the band of tbegoverntnentof tbe colony. Of these restrictions some may appear to tis lo be unnecessary, and others to be objectionable. But we have never contended that the bill gave to us all our rights, We merely submitted that it conferred upon us (lie means of ultimately obtaining tliem; and there is no doubt that llie provisions of ibis bill, and the power which it proposes to confer upon (he popular interests will prove fully efficient for thai purpose. Nothing but an injurious and indiscreet misuse of the {lowers conferred upon the colonists can retard the final removal ol every abuse which has formed the subject of tlieir complaints, and impeded the developmeut of the resources of litis community, We CBnnot anticipate such errors on the part of those who have shewn to mncli discernment and perseverance in the contest for the possession ol those powers. Much has ben said of the civil lis* cteated, or supposed to be created, by the schedule annexed <o the bill. The opposition journals huie argued us if all the salaries enumeiatcil in that schedule were platfed on the fame looting as tlio-e in the English civil litis, which are voted at lbe ronimeneemint ol each reign, and placed beyond the control of parliament. Such is not the ca>c. The possessors of the salaries referred to are very far from enjoying the immunities conferred ttpon tliem by the imagination of come of our cotemporatics We leai thai llie following words, which wc lake I torn the commencement ol the 16th clause tuuid at present as " the handwriting upon the wall," lo disturb the visions of many an official whom ihc-y would have us believe secure from all terrors of legislative intervention : And be it enacted that it ehull be lawful for the governora and legislative councils of the said colonies of New South W»les, Victotis, Van Diemen's Land, and South Australia, respectively, by any set or acta, to after ell or any of the aunts mentioned in the said schedule respeclirely, and the appropriation of such suras to tbe services and purposes therein mentioned. Under the tame clause the Governors of the Australian Colonies are empowered , lo reduce salaries enumerated in the j ^hedulTs^vrrr'wkhJur'wahing for "he sancll0n 0, rte ,egi,llllife cou!iei, fo, ! sucIl re(lucio,. It is ptovj.kd, howj ever> lliat in l)l8 „elci,e 0, ,„» |10.-er | „ ha„ „„, c01.ltravcne anv ^ Iliade b aet cf llli:, lc,,isloliv; assernljlv ,i _ . • • , ' for the peimanent appropriation of anv euu) (0 6pecific EelvirE or purpo/e raentioiieil in „)e ficlledu)e_ T, I I The only restriction upon the exercise , - , , . of these general lowers o! reduction is ,i , , , - , t ,, , that every bi/f winch shall be passed bv J ,t ...... , , ' , the council altering the salary of the eo- .. - . . .. vernor, or the sum appropriated to pub! c . „ t • , , ,, , • worship, sha.l be reset ved lor ihc siffnifi- ,, - , . , ration other Majesty s pleasure thereon, ai)d U.atihe salaries ol the governors and judges can only be reduced by the autl.oji|y o) „,e le isiaUvi aBSCrnLi ar (0 Tllese pi0vis;0!ls U3 s„ffi. ciunlly ,ibeia, 8nd com|)rt,llensIve t0 j ensure „ie ulliwalc ^ ^ of M offi. j ciai salariLB within the strict limits of a due cconomy wilicIl tIlouM be ado.inig. j ,ered) not „,„, refelellfe ,0 „ i(Jcal j slandatd( or to any abs(ract „, „f llie ..fitnes8 of lhmg6(.. bul „;„, t.;r|c! an(J dill,cl refcrencc l0 llie dulie8 con. necled with the office and the exigencies l-W-c servtce upon the one hand, and lo the e5isling hu.tliens and resources of „le coIo„y t|)e mher _ W e ,£el llle cotlfidence lv)jjcl) lva8 pressed by Mf Haweg in Ule Hou|e o( Golnnlons vhat llie people of tllis co)o knQW how t0 make , lem ateand judicjou8 eilt!rciseof lilcpowcrs ,0 be conferred upon tliem. Thev will fec| that the surest and readiest way to oblain,„atresponsible goternment which j 0Me(fed b, llle Aroefican fololli and which we believe to be the ultimate ' litical de6liny ofe Bfit|s!l co|onv which is ivorlh retaining, is the prudent an(, con6liluliona, exercise of the righ.s d already conferred upon thciu. And lliey will feel that the emUsaiies ivlio bawl a!oud ,iial lhe .. Commons" should pos- 6ess the power "to slop the supplies, impea£,j!( a„d Straffotdize the Colonial Secrelaiy," can only seek refuge fio.n the c W g e of exlreme ,ol,y l)le 6UJ|)i. cion of cxtrcme dis!lonesly. The on,y lemaining poin, t0 wllicIl can at presenl call tl)e altenlion of 0|[ reader, is the settlement of lite much discussed and much misrepresented question of the Doubts Bill, which is most efleclually peiformed by lhe bill before us, cutting the Gordian knot, in a truly summary and imperial manner. We regret to have differed upon this question with many whose principles and whose conduct entitle them to all respect, though we believe, now that llie excitement of the hour has passed away, that it will readily be conceded by all except those whose interest is disorder, and lo whom evil has indeed become their good, that it is essential to every interest of property and social order that a period should be fixed at which every one may ascertain for himself what ate the laws under which he lives. It was the object of the Doubts Bill to remove all question as to this period, to define and to ascertain those laws. In so doing, it merely carried out lhe enactments of the Imperial act, which formed, in point of fact, the written constitution of this colony,— The torrents of idle declamation which were poured out upon this subject in the columns of some of our cotempoiaries their invectives agains- the supposed aggression upon the liberties ol the public, we were devised merely tohide the truth,tbat the irliole scope of the Doubts Bill was merely declaratory, and that it did »ol exceed by one. iota the letter and the spiril of the existing act. But we were told that ihe act niusl be disallowed, and that its ftatneia must be consigned lo the same moral grave with their Machiavellian project. Nay, we are not quite sure that a parliamentary impeachment was not menaced by some of the tcrrori ts of the goowquill. The foifotvingclause in the bill now before us tvill serve to warn the public of the weight lo be attached lo the denunciations of Slrafforditets" of this calibre— And be it enacted that so much of the Act of the-9ih year of King George lira Kuurth as requires tbal the purposes to which - rp.-v such tar or (July as therein mentioned sh.,11 he imposed, and to or towards which th« amount thereof is to be appropriated nod appln d, shall be distinctly and plainly stated i0 tl.e hotly u< every law or otdttiauoe ttupusiug such las or du!> shall he repealed, and no such luw or ordinance uiiido ortohe tnade hy ihe titnernor and Council of Van llie men's Land, uuil rnrulled and recorded in the Supreme Court of lbe suij coldtiy.shall heordeeined toliaselieeninvalid by reason of such purposes not Leiug ea stated in the body nf such law or ordinance. The denunciators to whom we have alluded um-t now transfer their iie from the local auihuiiiies and the independent unofficial rttembeis who RUpporit.il ihe Doubts' Dill, to the Briiish ministry and the Ornish rt-foitnad House ot Comtnous who appear p't'pared to obtain its objects by means infinitely more sumniaiy and more diteel than those employed by the local act. This tnncli-iexed question has been laid at lenglh in a Red Sea of rest, never mo.e to fright llie laud fiom its propriety." Such is the usual negatory termination of the formidable predictions and interminable declamations of our opponents. Fraught at first with diieful menace, they decline soon into idle iteration, and end at last in nothing, like the wood- paths in the bush, which, at fijii: broad and deceptive, gradually dwindle into an opossum-tiack, and finally run vp a tree. 