BRITISH EXTRACTS. au cor cer OPENING OF PARLIAMENT BY HER C" MAJESTY. at an (From the illustrated London News of, ON Thursday, February 1, Her Majesty opened the Session of Parliament in person. The doors were opened at 12 o'clock, and ladies, in full dress, continued to arrive in quick succession until every seat was occupied, and some were compelled to stand for want of room. The 1st regiment of foot guards was stationed opposite the entrance of the House of Lords, and the horse guards lined the road from the Palace. Shortly after one o'clock the Foreign Ambassadors and Ministers, the Cabinet Ministers, and other great officers of state, entered the house. Her Majesty and Prince Albert, attended by the Master of the Horse and the Mistress of the Robes,, left Buckingham Palace at twenty minutes before two, in the state carriage drawn by eight cream coloured horses, and proceeded through the park to the House of Lords. A very large crowd was drawn together to witness the procession, lining the entire way from the Palace to the Parliament House ; the whole of the windows whence a view of the procession could be obtained being filled with splendidly dressed ladies, who repeatedly cheered her Majesty and her illustrious Consort, as they proceeded through Whitehall and Parlia- ment-street to the house. Her Majesty arrived at the house about twenty minutes past two, when her arrival was immediately announced by a discharge of cannon. Soon afterwards the trumpets sounded, and the procession entered the house, led by the Heralds in their State tabards, followed by the Lord Chancellor and the Great Officers of State, her Majesty's robe being borne by six pages. Prince Albert took his place on the left of the Queen, who proceeded to the Throne and took her seat, and the Peers and Peeresses rising, but taking their seats on her Majesty commanding them to be seated. The Lord Chancellor then delivered the Royal Speech to her Majesty, who demanded the Commons to be sent for. They immediately appeared at the bar, headed by the Speaker, attired in his State robes, when her Majesty, with her usual distinct- ness, read the following most gracious Speech : THE QUEEN'S SPEECH. My Lords and Gentlemen, The period being arrived at which the business of Parliament is usually resumed, I have called you together for the discharge of your important duties. It is satisfactory to me to be enabled to state that, both in the north and in the south of Europe, the contending parties have consented to a suspension of arms for the purpose of negotiating terms of peace. The hostilities carried on in the Island of Sicily were attended with circumstances so revolting, that the British and French admirals were impelled by motives of humanity, to interpose, and to stop the further effusion of blood. I have availed myself of the interval thus obtained, to propose, in conjunction with France, an arrangement calculated to produce a permanent settlement of affairs in Sicily. The negotiation of these matters is still pending. It has been my anxious endeavour, in offering my good offices to the various contending powers, to prevent the extension of the calamities of war, and to lay the foundations of lasting and honour- able peace. It is my constant desire to maintain with all foreign states the most friendly relations. As soon as the interest of the public service will permit, I shall direct the papers connected with these transactions to be laid before you. A rebellion of a formidable character has broken out in the Punjaub, and the Governor-General of India has been compelled, for the preservation of the peace of the country, to assemble a considerable force, which is now engaged in military operations against the insurgents. But Ute tranquillity of British India has not been affected by these unprovoked disturbances. I again commend to your attention the restrictions imposed on commerce by the navigation laws. If you shall find that these laws are in whole or in part unnecessary for the maintenance of our maritime power, while they better trade and industry, you will no doubt deem it right to repeal or modify their provisions. Gentlemen of the House of Commons, I have directed the Estimates for the service of the year to be laid before you ; they will be framed with the most anxious attention to a wise economy. The present aspect of affairs has enabled me to make large reductions on the Estimates of last year. My Lords and Gentlemen, I observe with satisfaction that this portion of the United Kingdom has remained tranquil amidst the convulsions which have disturbed so many parts of Europe. The insurrection in Ireland has not been renewed ; but a spirit of disaffection still exists, and I am compelled, to my great regret, to ask for a continuance, for a limited time, of those powers which in the last session you deemed necessary for the preservation of public tranquility. I have great satisfaction in stating that commerce is reviving from those shocks which, at the commencement of last session, I had to deplore. The condition of the manufacturing districts is likewise more encouraging than it has been for a considerable period. It is also gratifying to me to observe that the state of the revenue is one of progressive improvement. I have to lament, however, that another failure in the potato crop has caused very severe distress in some parts of Ireland. The operation of the laws for the relief of the poor in Ireland will properly be a subject of your inquiry and in w measure by which those laws may be, beneficially amended, and the condition of the people may be improved, will receive my cordial assent. ' . , . r It is with pride and, thankfulness that I advert to the loyal spirit of my. people, and ,tnaf attach- ment to our institutions which have animated them during a period of commercial difficulty, de-' ficient production of food, and political revolution. I took, to, the projection of Almighty God for favour, in our continued progress and I trust that you, will assist me in upholding the fabric of the Constitution founded as it is upon the principles of freedom and of justice. Her Majesty having retired the House adjourned during pleasure, and assembled again at five o'clock, at which time there were an unusually' large number of Peers present. Lorenzo - Mr. L. Murray Portion - - Mrs. Kean Nerissa - Mrs. Keeley ' Jessica . - Miss Emmeline Montague Hamlet - . Mr. Kean Ghost - Mr Vandenhoff King - - Mr Diddear Polonius - Mr. W. Farren Horatio - Mr. Howe Laertes- . Mr. Murray RosencratsMr. Conway THURSDAY, JAN. 18. WIE STRANGER,; AND TWICE KILLED. Mrs. Mayor Mrs. Kean Countess - Miss F. Vining 1st Actor Mr. Bland 2nd Actor Mr. Caulfield Osriok- - Mr. Wigan Queen - - Mrs. Warner Ophelia - Mrs. C. Kean Actress - Mrs Buckingham Charlotte - Mrs. Keeley Savoyard Girls - Miss P. Horton & Mrs. Caulfield Stranger - - Mr. C. Kean Bar. Steinfort Mr. Creswick Francis - - - Mr. Webster Count - - - - Mr. Howe Solomon - - Mr. Compton Peter - - - - Mr. Keeley And, in the farce, the principal characters will be supported by Mr. and Mrs. Keeley and Mrs. Buckingham. THURSDAY, JAN. 25. Douglas Jerrold's two act drama of The House- keeper will be acted by Mr. and Mrs. Kean, Mr. Wigan, Mr. Webster, Mr. Munyard, Mrs. Humby and Mr. Buckstone and SWEETHEARTS AND WIVES. Billy Lackaday Mr. Wright The Admiral . Mr. F. Mat Curtis - - Mr CuUenford I thews Laura - - . Miss Woolgar | Eugenia - - - Mrs Kean The fitting up and decoration of the theatre, which will be erected in the Reubens' Room, will be under the superintendence of Mr. Grieve.-Observer. DEMERARA RAILWAY. Late advices received in England from British Guiana, give an interesting account of the first trip performed, on the 29th September last, by the locomotive and carriages of the Demerara Railway Company, on the occasion of the consecration of a new parish church (St. Paul's) on the east coast of the colony. By the kindness and liberality of the Company, the train was placed at the disposal of the Bishop of British Guiana and the clergy of his diocese, who, attended by about 500 of the inhabitants, proceded to the village of Plaisance, the scene of the ceremonial and after its conclusion, returned to the city of Georgetown highly pleased with their mode of conveyance. The distance is 50 miles, and the time occupied in each journey was less than fifteen minutes. The railway runs along the sea-coast, through the most fertile and best popu- lated portion of the colony, and will be extremely advantageous to the landed proprietors and cultivators of the district, as superseding the tedious, expensive, and dangerous mode (but heretofore the only one of conveying their plantation stores and produce namely by small vessels necessarily going far out to sea in their voyages to and from the several places of shipment and discharge. CEYLON. We find that we have inadvertently omitted to publish the speech of Lord Torrington in the Council of Ceylon, when proposing the modification of one, and the repeal of two others of the taxes' which have been so much opposed. His Excellency has distinctly informed the Council, that the proposal for the repeal of the taxes is not to be attributed to any pressure whatever from the Colonial Office; and that if any communication on the subject had been received from Downing street, he should have considered it his duty to lay it before them. Neither does the rclinquUhment of the taxes arise out of any apprehensions created by the opposition they encountered ; " it was the tranquil state of the country and the peaceable disposition of the people which afforded the opportunity of modifying the ordinances." Every man acquainted with the science of government will, therefore, be happy to find that Lord Torrington has yielded that to reason which he refused to yield to clamour and menace. The dog tax and that upon shops are to be relinquished altogether, and the registration of fire-arms, which was to have been annual is only to be effected once. Perhaps these new imposts would have more deeply affected the feelings of the Cingalese then their purses, and we rejoice to find that they are to be abandoned, and the native. mind thereby conciliated. The way to deal with that colony, now suffering, not only from the general depression of commerce, but also from local causes of disappointment, is not to levy more taxes, while those which exist are paid with difficulty, but to reduce its overgrown establishment of public servants. No one acquainted with the salaries given in the East, and the expectations under which men of birth and education enter the public service, will imagine that there are more than half a dozen situations in that island over- paid ; if we were to compare the salaries of the Crown with those of our honourable masters, the former would present a most contemptible appearance. But it is in the reduction of the number of the Civil Staff, and in securing more work by fewer functionaries, that the secret of economy lies. Indeed, the more offices are doubled up, the more necessity will there be for the employment of superior ability, and it is greatly to be feared, if we are to judge from the analogies around us, that a reduction of salaries will be followed by a great diminution of efficiency. Friend of India. DRAMATIC REPRESENTATIONS AT WINDSOR CASTLE. We are enabled to lay before our readers the subjoined particulars respecting the theatrical performances which will take place at Windsor Castle by especial command of her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, during the approaching Christmas holidays. It will be seen that the programme includes the names of many of the most eminent members of the British stage, in each of the two great branches of dramatic art. To preside over these performances, a most admirable choice has been made in the person of Mr. Charles Kean. The intended series of representations is as follows: THURSDAY, DEC. 28. MERCHANT OF VENICE. Shylock - Mr. C. Kean Salazie - - Mr. Boyce Bassanio . . Mr. Wigan Balthazar - Mr. Clarke Gratiano - Mr. Webster Tubal - - Mr. Howe Antonio - . Mr. Rogers Duke- - Mr Diddear Old Gobbo . Mr. Meadows Launcelot . Mr. Keeley Salaries - - Mr. Conway THURSDAY, JAN. 4. USED UP ; AND BOX AND COX. Principal characters by Mr. C. Mathews, Mr. Granby, Mr. Howe, Mr. F. Cook, Mrs. Humby and Miss K. Fitzwilliam. And, in the farce, Mr. Harley, Mr. Buckstone, and Mrs. Macnamara, THURSDAY, JAN. 11. HAMLET. at THE SUSPENSION BRIDGE, CLIFTON. Upwards of' £40,000 have already been expended upon this undertaking,, -andria more money being forth- coming,' the works are' now at a standstill. One single bar of iron sweeps across the gulf and in this fragile-looking thread a wicker-car travels from side to side with visitors who are courageous" enough to trust themselves in it, and the journey is quite as fearful as it looks. A little wooden house is built upon the edge of the cliff to keep the car in, and from this spot the" adventurer starts. To sit in the basket (says the Wilts Standard), whilst the men in attendance are preparing to let go, and to look along the line, dropping in the centre, as it does some fifty feet, is enough alone to make one slightly nervous ; but when the cry comes; " hold fast !" and with the speed of light you rush down, as you fancy for the moment, into eternity, the stoutest grips the sides of the wicker-car with a convulsive strength, and lift themselves as though the world were falling from beneath them. As you get over towards the middle of the passage,' the speed decreases and, after rising up for some time on the other side, the car comes to a standstill and now', being half way over, and the strange feeling which the: rush down the wind has given you having a little subsided, leisure is afforded to gaze about and if you have courage to look down, some idea of the height at which you hang suspended may be gained by the flights of rooks that, frightened from their holes in the rocks by the passage of the car, which far beneath you. A rope attached to the basket pulls it up the ascending bar to the landing-place on the other side. Bell's Mer senger. RAILWAY SIGNALS new signal, which has been recently the cause of several successful experiments upon the South-Eastern Railway, is about to be extensively adopted by the management of that line. Its purpose is to cause an in- stantaneous communication in case of accident, or otherwise, between the guards and the engine drivers, or from any station or post of watch to a train. This much-desired means of guarding against danger to life and property is caused by machinery so simple, that it is in the power of the slightest touch to render it effective; yet the result can be heard and recognised by its peculiar note, which is raised by the forcible expulsion of air striking upon the extreme edge of a bell-shaped contrivance, for miles around. It has been found that, in dense foggy weather, its shrill cry penetrates the atmosphere with a facility unknown to the whistle raised by steam and as it does not depend upon the latter agency, its small and compact machinery may be fixed inside any one of the carriages far removed from the engine, and there worked by hand if desired, or acted upon by gear attached to the axle. It is said that, at sea, its cry for help' can be heard at a distance of thirty miles and as it is always ready, and the sound can be kept up for any length of time, at no expense beyond its first cost, it will be found of the most vital importance as well upon the mighty deep as on land. It certainly reflects great credit upon the patentee, Mr. Wells ; nor should the highest praise be withheld from Mr. Farniough, the chief locomotive engineer, and the rest of the officers of the South-Eastern line, who have afforded facilities for this and every other available suggestion which has appeared to present additional security to railway transit London Paper. CHINESE AGRICULTURE The following is an extract from a letter, dated Shanghai (one of the principal northern ports of China), the 18th December last, received from a former townsman and alumnus of the Inverness Academy. It will be found of interest to most of our readers, and contains hints that may be of use to others. We are glad to understand that the same graphic pen is occasionally to favour us with pen-and-ink sketches of the manners and institutions of the very interesting people among whom he now so- journs :-" Winter is set in here as cold as at Inverness. The thermometer stood eighteen degrees yesterday in her Majesty's ship Espiegle, lying here. This is very trying after a tropical summer. The variation of temperature is sometimes as much as twenty to thirty degrees in the twenty-four hours. Wheat is now some inches out of the ground, and will be ready for cutting in May and June. Before then the cotton is sown among it, and appears above ground before the wheat is reaped. The cotton is gathered in September, October, and November. During the second of these months, beans are planted in the cotton, and protected by the stalks of the latter during later, so that they are fit for use early in spring. A part is ploughed down as manure if another cotton crop immediately succeeds. The ground is never allowed to lie idle; vegetables, principally cabbages, are cultivated to an immense extent, and with pumpkins, melons, etc, form the principal food of the lower classes. The detail of the system of manuring, both liquid and solid, would fill a volume, and disgust most people. Farmyard dung is quite neglected, but the sweep- ings of the towns are carefully gathered up and turned to good account ; nothing is lost, and re- ceptacles meet you at every corner." Inverness Courier. NEW DESCRIPTION OF WHEAT. Advices from St. Petersburg, to the 12th August, mention that a new variety of the Arnautka wheat has recently been discovered and cultivated in Bessarabia. It is called the Kolus, or large-eared wheat, on account of the peculiar beauty of its ears. At present it is limited to mere seed-wheat, and fetches twice the price of the ordinary Arnautka. One other and more important peculiarity of this grain is, that it is less affected by drought than any other varieties. At the same time it possesses several other features, being distinguished by its greater fertility, its deep amber colour, and its earlier ripening. This important discovery was made by a peasant of the name of Bulatowisch, in the village of Troitzk, in the district of Bender, who, being a close observer of nature, detected in his crops certain ears which were larger, and became ripe more speedily, than the rest of the crop. These he collected and sowed separately, and the result was an abundant harvest, and the introduction of a new and valuable variety of wheat. The event has created a great sensation amongst the agriculturists and dealers in grain, and the new wheat well merits being named after its discoverer. Chronicle. EXTRAORDINARY FEATS. The Fire Herald narrates the antics of a steeple and chimney climber on the top of a chimney stalk at Newton of Abbotshall, 136 feet high. He fixed a plank 10 inches broad, and projecting about 12 feet on each side, on the top of the chimney. In the centre of this plank he placed a pole 16 feet high, having a small piece of wood on the top, which he climbed up and stood upright on holding a flag in his hand. After doing so, he descended to the top of the stalk, when he walked out to each end of the plank and struck an axe into the end of them. He then turned towards the centre, and to the great alarm of the assembled multitude, stood on his head for some time, and returning to his feet, . he stamped firmly upon the plank on each side of the chimney. He then safely descended head ' foremost, M til us tel th ha sh go in all br W to til co the m< ag on red Rae in his sh we of the will be of of you or go w< to for mi eli de po to H ve tar or oil co TI c To you ha To be co th wl in it Tara of E< cc To be did those di in Or he Cr th TI an yf ar W( g of W( t so for til to ar by the his di C b to ' SIMPLE CORK voàSrAMiÉmtNa.-^-Mri WkMéyV M.P., at an inquest, stated that a few day^-'baefc tile Summoning officer told him that it would be useless to call one witness; a lad, because he stuttered so excessively that he could barely articulate the shortest sentence in half an hour: Mr.' Wakley. however, had him called, and telling him that as a' shot could not be discharged from a gun without powder or air, so words could not come from the mouth Unless the lungs had their powder .'namely,1 air', he told the lad to inhale air, or draw in' his' breath, strongly, and the lad having done so, Mr. Wakley asked, " Can you talk now?" The' boW to the surprise of the jury, answered immediately tile glibly," Yes; I can, Sir, very well." The coroner added, that inhalation, or self inflation of the lungs with air, was a sure remedy for stam- mering; and though it had been discovered long ago, the faculty had not until lately, and even then only a few of them, caused it to be practised as a remedy for defective articulation Atlas. A REPUBLICAN MINISTER. The Quarterly Review has the following amusing extract from a recent French publication on the late revolution, in France. We copy it, not because' of the sly hit at the " timber merchant," but because it truly shows the difficulties that lie before those who would assume power without a due consideration of their own capabilities as It is but justice to the Revolution to say that none of the Ministers' which it has placed at the head of affairs wdrilJ be influenced by antecedent prejudices, for none of them had the slightest acquaintance with any of the duties to which they were called. The main jority were tradesmen who had given up business', or veterinary doctors, who had little business to give up. The first days of such an administration were high comedy ; but, alas ! who can paint it those who could will not. Let us, however, try to sketch a scene or two. The Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs was one of the retired trades- men. (M. Jules Bastide had been a timber mer- chant.) Behold him introduced to his official desk, garnished with several well-filled boxes and portfolios, over which he cast an alarmed and inquisitive eye-the whole policy of Europe, the peace of the world, lie in those portfolios. It is a formidable prospect even to a retired tradesman. He looks at them with awe and does not even venture to open these Pandorean boxes. At last a tap at the door announces the Chef-de- division, or chief clerk, of one of the departments of the office, with another importation of portfolios, who comes to receive the orders of the new minister. The following dialogue ensues -Chef. Sir have you been pleased to look at the paper about the Teheran affair P I have drawn up a dispatch for your signature, if you should approve the view I have taken of it.- Minister. Teheran P-Chef. Teheran. It is now near four months that it has been under consideration. There have been two commissions (one of them mixed to inquire into the matter, and they have made three reports, which are in the portfolio. There are some serious interests involved, and I would venture to say that it is time that we should settle this question of Teheran. son. Of Teheran Chef. Of Teheran -Mine. The affair of Teheran-Chef. Yes, of Teheran; though, indeed, in strictness, as your Excellency seems to hint we might consider it in connection with the incident that occurred at Trebisond.-Minister. Between Teheran and Tre- bison. Chef. Just so. The incident is of later date, and I am not sure that we have yet had all the details ; but still, if his Excellency wishes to settle the two affairs at once, I can collect the additional papers, and prepare a dispatch which shall include both. ' Tis for your decision Minister. Of course ; but you think that the affair of Teheran may be annexed to that of Trebisond. Chef. I beg pardon, Sir ; Trebisond to Teheran : the principal matter taking place of the incidental. The order must be-Minister. True. Teheran and Trebisond.-Chef. Exactly so, Sir ; but since your Excellency wishes to simplify the business, and to dispatch at once this class of affairs, I would venture to suggest that there has for this good while existed a little difficulty at Tifflis. 'Tis of no great moment, and does not press ; but as we are settling affairs in that direction, we might very conveniently include that and if, Sir, you should so determine, I can prepare one dispatch for all Minister. For Tifflis P-Chef. Tifflis and the others. I should propose to take them all together. Minister. I mean so: Tifflis,Teheran, and Trebisond.-Chef. I should rather say Tre- beyond and Teheran. The distinction is this there is a difficulty at Tifflis, an incident at Tre- beyond, but the serious affair is at Teheran. Mi- nister (adopting the view of the subordinate). No doubt, a very serious affair. As to the Tifflis Chef. Trebisond first. The circumstance at Tre- beyond must precede that of Tifflis. Minister. No doubt, no doubt Chef, In fact, the whole correspondence-and not our own dispatches only, but (with a firmer tone) those of the other powers- all come to the same point. It is clear that we have but one course to take unless flowering his voice you, Sir, should see the matter in another point of vice-Minister. Not at all. I have all along considered the affair of Tifflis as very serious Chief. Of Teheran Minister. Of Teheran, I mean, as well as of Trebisond Chef. I beg leave to add that any longer delay may be fatal to the interests at stake Minister. It cannot be denied : fatal is the word Chef. You will be pleased, then, to favour me with your directions---Minister. As to Trebisond, you mean Chef. First as to Teheran.- Minister. First Teheran ; then, if my recollection serves me, Tiflis Chef. Tifflis conveniently, but not ne- necessarily.-- Minister. Just so. Now, Citizen, I am, as you see, quite au courant of the affair, or rather, I should say, affairs ; but before I come to a final decision, I would wish you to draw up a short statement of your views on the subject, which you will be pleased to send in to me-in a portfolio. I would not give you the trouble of coming again upon a subject you have so clearly explained and I shall, therefore, give my final directions in writing." THE MORETON BAY COURIER is published every Saturday morning. The terms of subscription are 10s. per quarter, or 8s. 6d. if paid in advance the quarters ending 31st March, SO iii June, 30th September, and 31st December, in each year respectively, at which periods only can subscribers resign by giving due notice, and paying the amount due to the end of the current quarter. Persons desirous of subscrib- ing during the currency of the quarter will only be charged from the date of their commencing. Each advertisement will be charged at the rate of 3s. an inch, and Is. for every additional inch each insertion ; the number of insertions must be specified on each advertisement, or they will be continued until countermanded by a written notice. Advertisements from non-subscribers must be paid for previous to insertion. Printed and published by the proprietor, JAMES SWAN, at the General Printing Office, Albert-street, North Brisbane, in the colony of New South Wales. Orders and communications in all cases pre-paid) to be addressed to the Proprietor. 