ANOTHER GLANCE AT ARISTOCRACY AND PAUPERISM We last week grouped together a few observations upon the tremendous anomaly presented to the view by our social system ; and, under the head of " English Pauperism and Aristocracy," we endeavoured to shew how the rich were far too rich, and the poor much too poor. We have now returned to the subject; because there is cne question which we put to ourselves at least a dozen times a day — a question embodying an idea which haunts us like a ghost, and pursues us like a phantom : " What is to be done with English pauper- ism ?" It is a query which has been asked a thousand times, but which cannot be asked too often until it shall have received a satisfactory answer. In plain terms, we firmly believe that things cannot go on much longer as they are. Now here is one stubborn fact which is con stantly staring us in the face — " The millions who make clothes are in rags ; the industry which produces food is starving." No sophistry can justify a system of society tolerating such a state of things, Without being Social ists or Communists we may demand a change. Then up springs some aristocrat, and proclaims the astounding folly that " he admits society is in a vitiated condition, but he affirms it is impossible to amend it." Let us look at the argument, if argument it be. Society was not always as it is now ; it became vitiated from a state of healthiness. At the beginning it was wholesome and sound ; now it is corrupt and rotten. Well, then, it has undergone changes. And what has produced these changes? Bad laws, framed' in ignorance of the human mind and human interests — the continued application of many barbarian usages to an enlightened age — the usurpation of all privileges by a favoured few— the de privation of their rights in respect to the many — and a general abhorrence on the part of royalty and aristocracy to become elastic and pliant in obedience with the spirit of progress. These are ihe springs whence millions of social evils flow. But since we have now discovered the sources of the anomaly of which we complain, cannot we point out some remedy ? In the same way that society has undergone transitions from a state of wholesomeness to that of vitiation, may it be made to return to a con dition of health. This course will involve nothing of a retrograde nature in respect to civilization ; on the con trary., it is civilization's self which prompts the amend ment of the laws — the annihilation of barbarian relics in our institutions — the cessation of privileges — the grant ing of their rights to the many — and the adaptation of the executive and administrative powers to the spirit of the age and the interests of the community. Such a change can be ancomplished without a bloody revolution, if those who now grasp and hold everything will only consent to be just and honorable, wise and prudent. The avarice, greediness, and selfishness of the aristo cracy in France have led to the downfall of that order, and Socialism is left behind iu its stead. Had this aris tocracy yielded in time, it would still have retained a proper influence as a party in the State, though without the obnoxious gaud of rank and title ; and Communism never would have sprung into existence. Are our rulers in England aware of one fact — namely, that Communism is not confined to Continental Europe, but that it already makes proselytes in England ? There are Communist publications and Communist land companies in these islands. We will not denounce the system, because we respect all theories until they are proved bad or impos sible by an attempt to reduce them to practice ; but we will say this — that if there be really something detestable and terrible in Communism, whom have we to thank for its introduction into England? Why, the oligarchy ! The people are discontented, and demand a change in the sjystem which allows a few to revel in abundance and causes the many to starve. What change is it whjch they require ? A social as well as a political change. The result is, that they catch up the social views and theories which have already gained hundreds of thousands — aye, millions — of proselytes on the Continent ; and thus has Communism acquired a footing in England, simply because the aristocratic oligarchy stick perti naciously to everything, and give up nothing. We said, at the outset of this article, that pauperism was becoming intolerable, and that matters cannot pos sibly go on as they now are. The most Chirstian patience will give way ; and the utmost forbearance will in time change into despair. If Job had been an Eng lish labourer or mechanic, his patience would scarcely have become a proverb. Timely concessions will ac complish much ; but if the people once feel their own power and get the upper ham), what will become of the aristocracy ? The cry of Alia lanterne arose in France from a multitude goaded to desperation by years of op pression, ages of tyranny, and whole centuries of starva tion. Those who raised that cry, and carried its infernal meaning into execution, were really more to be pitied than blamed : at all events, there was extenuation for them. For a people driven to despair by ill-usage, are not responsible for their actions. These are solemn truths — as stern as they are solemn ; and it is with mingled pain and apprehension that we feel ourselves called upon to record them. But let us quote again this week those words which we borrowed from Sir Jame Graham's phamplet last week : — "Whenever the country comes to present the spectacle of starving millions sup plicating for bread, the public voice will sweep away at once all pensions, titles, and honours." This prophecy cannot be repeated too often ; it is a text upon which most solemn discourses may be penned — a thesis serving for themes of deep and terrible significancy. Thirty thou sand unemployed men in London constitute, as we said some months ago, the nucleus of a revolution in the very capital itself. A million and a half of starving, or half-starving people spread over Great Britain, and two millions far more deplorably situated in Ireland, are dangerous adjuncts to that central pivot. Once for all then, will aristocracy come forward to help pauperism in its emancipation ? 