LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. We understand that the Hon. Major O'Halloran has undertaken to present the colonists' memorial, in favour of his Honor the Acting Judge, to the Legislative Coun- cil, on Tuesday next. The memorial urges the justice and expediency of conferring the appointment of Puisno Judge upon Mr Mann, who has from the Bench fur- nished in his own person such abundant reason for ho- nourable preferment. Those who have not signed may do so, by calling at the Exchange to-day or Monday. On Monday afternoon, an accident, which had nearly proved fatal to the two young Messrs Wigley, happened near Pelican Point. They had gone down the river in a waterman's boat, with the intention of boarding the Grecian, as she was being towed up by the steam- tug. When they neared the vessel, they called for a rope, which was immediately thrown to them by one of the crew. They held on, and checked the boat too quickly, and all three being in the bow of the boat, caused her to run under; but the boatman succeeded in getting on board without any injury. The alarm was immediately given, and Mr Quinn, Deputy Harbour Master, who had charge of the tug, immediately backed the paddles, and sent his boat to pick up the drowning men; but previous to this Mr Creswell, the second mate of the Grecian, had jumped overboard to render assist- ance. He made but a few strokes when his thigh was taken hold of by one of the unfortunates, and was nearly exhausted, but Mr Tolan. the steward, threw him a rope, which he caught, and that was the means of saving Mr Creswell and one of the Messrs Wigley. The other brother was picked up by the boat, when in an almost exhausted state. The two young gentlemen, we are happy to say, are now quite well, but the waterman's boat is what the lawyers call "non est." The Coroner held an inquest on the 25th instant, at the house of Anne Brown, of the Meadows, on the body of William Brown, aged 50 years.— Alexander Law, labourer, stated that he saw the deceased on the previous Sunday, going to Adelaide, and directed him how to go by a short way, through his (witness's) ground. Some time after witness perceived a strange horse grazing with the bullocks, and was told it belonged to the deceased, as it had a new saddle and an old bridle on. Witness went and described the horse to Mr Brown's son, who recognised it as his father's horse. He (witness) did not take any notice of it when speak- ing to the deceased. On his return from Mr Brown's house, witness learned that the body was found. — Michael Dermotty, farmer, of Echunga Creek, stated that he accompanied the son of the deceased to look for his father. They found the body near Law's pad- dock, with his head turned under him down hill. There were no marks about except the tracks of the horse. The forehead of the deceased was full of the gravel from the ground. Witness thought the deceased's neck was broken. He was quite dead when found. The horse was said to be a vicious animal, in the habit of rearing. The jury returned a verdict as follows:— "The deceased was found with his neck broken, but there was no evidence to show how it occurred.'' There was another inquest, on the 26th instant, at the house of George Yeates, Onkaparinga, on the body of William James Menadue, aged seventeen months, From the evidence, it appeared that the mother of the deceased went for a few minutes on business to the house of a neighbour, a short distance from her own home. Whilst there, she heard her child scream, and going to the door perceived a smoke. She exclaimed, " Oh ! it's my William caught fire." She ran to the house as quickly as possible, and found that the child's clothes had taken fire. It was so seriously burned, that it died in about two hours. - Verdict, "Accidental death." An inquest was held at Kooringa on Monday, 24th September, before W Lang. Esq., Coroner for the Murray District, and a respectable jury, on the body of Richard Gilbert, who died suddenly on the previous evening. From the evidence, it appeared that the de- ceased, who lived with his parents in a hut on the bank of the creek, laboured under disease of the heart. De- ceased was working on the mine at ore-dressing on the previous Friday, and feeling unwell on Saturday, did not go to work. The medical attendant (Dr Bull) was examined, who stated that deceased had extensive dis- ease of the heart, and that persons who laboured under similar disease frequently died suddenly. The jury re- turned a verdict of "Died by the visitation of God." The captain arrived in town from the Wheal Maria Mine yesterday. The appearances of the Mine continue satisfactory. A pair of men are driving on the course of the lode, which is about five feet in size, which, when stoped away, will produce a considerable quantity of ore. A tribute pitch has been set on Frew's lode, about a quarter of a mile from the Maria lode, where, from appearances, the men are highly satisfied of being able to make good wages. The ore already raised is in course of being prepared for the market, which is calcu- lated to amount to thirty tons, which quantity will be doubled in another month's working. We understand that one of the first acts of Commis- sioner Tolmer, in his new capacity, was to issue a gene- ral order to the foot-police, that in case any of their equestrian brethren are found drunk or misbehaving themselves, they are to be taken into custody ; no dis- tinction is to be made between them and the citizens ; but they are to be taken before the Police Magistrates, and not, as heretofore, to the Police Commissioner, and to be let off with a reprimand or a slight fine, which was generally all the pnnishment inflicted under the old practice. We think this a very salutary order, and the Commissioner deserves great praise, as it will ensure a stricter attention on the part of the horse police to the rules of propriety, and is indicative of a spirit of "fair play" in Mr Tolmer. His order directing the mounted force to cultivate the mustache is a mere matter of taste ; and if it is only a hobby, there seems no particu- lar objection to his indulging it. Our own notions on the matter are, that the look is not only un-English, but decidedly Frenchified. In certain individual indi- vidual instances, the mustache by no means adds to the wearer's beauty. On Sunday morning last, an ordination service took place at Trinity Cathedral Church, when the Rev. Chas. Harper, of Western Australia, and the Rev G. C. Newenham (son of the Sheriff of this province, who was ordained a Deacon in Van Diemen's Land, and whose labours at the Port and Albert Town for the last three or four years have obtained for him the respect and .esteem of those to whom he has ministered), were both admitted to the holy order of priests; but, owing to the unfavourable state of the weather, the congregation was comparatively small. The clergy present who took part in the ceremony »ere, the Bishop, the Arch- deacon, the Dean, and the Canons, Messrs Woodcock and Wilson, Part of the morning prayers having been read by the Rev. Dean Farrell. the Bishop delivered an address from Acts at*., 28—" Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to alt the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath ■n-tde you overseers, to feed the church of God, which He hath uurchiSed with His own hlood." He first gave a brief outline ot the history ol tbe Ephesian Church, alluding first to the particular office of elder or overseer, and what con stituted the church, remarking that the two or three meeting together for worship in their own houses, as was tbe case in the primitive days of Christianity, and when, from the pe- culiar nature of their situation, having on one side the Ro man yoke, and on tbe other the jealous and persecuting Jew, were as much the church as the thousands who as sembled at Jerusalem. But as tbe church grew and in ceased in different parts of tbe world, it became necessary to Introduce .certain forms of government for tbe better preservation of order Bnd religion. In the course of these remaiks, bis Lordship lirougl t forward Timothy as an ex at Epheeus, had exercised the authority ot a diocesan over that pare of Asia, of which Ephesus was the pro- consulate. and w-s commanded by Paul to ordain elders in every city, and also that he was not to receive an " accusa- tion against an elder, but before two or three witnesses." The same things were stated by the rev prelate in reference to Titus, who being left as a bishop in the island of Crete, was to "set in order the things Ibat were wanting, and. ordain elders in every city." For an instance of a primitive diocese, the bishop stated that it was most probable the whole of southern. Greece was under the superintendence of the church at Corinth: from the fact that Paul, in writing to the Corinthians (2nd Epistle, i, L). addressed himself to the '* church of God which is at Corinth, with all the saints which are in all Achaia." The maintaining of the suc- cession of these all-important functionaries in the church was compared by his Lordship to that of appointing governors, aud that this form of government had been maintained, with few interruptions, to the time of the Reformation. This address was concluded by an affectionate and earnest appeal to the candidates for the office of Priests, to take heed to themselves and to tbe flock over which they were to be made overseers, his Lordship mentioning and partioul»ris rg some of their most important, but often difficult and seemingly unthankful duties. The solemn ceremony throughout was ^conducted with order and simplicity, and was dpvoid of any- thing that might be said to be done through pride or vain- I glory.— Communicated. 3: 