Entry of British Seamen in the German Navy. — Upwardas of 370 seamen lately paid off from St. Vincent, Rodney and Vanguard, have been entered by agents at Portsmouth for service in the German navy. Seventy of 'these were entered in the Bedford -in-Ghase public house and rendezvous, on the Common-hard; on Wednesday, by an agent sent from London. Thier wages respectively are to, be £5, £3, and £2, per month; they are not entered to serve for any specified period, but are at liberty to leave the service when they may desire to do so. They are to proceed, t o Bremen ; and en route thither, they. have left. this port by rail for London. Some warrant officers discharged from,the service have also en ered the German navy. -Britannia May 12. ; WoNnBRPuii if 'Trob.— ^ We-' translate from the New' Orleans, Courier of o the.1! 3jd January, the article that follows, giving an account of a subterranean canal that has been discovered, connecting 'the Atlantic and Pacific OcearisT 'We1 believe littleW nothing of the whole 'stbry'oufselvesV'but publish it for the information ':of tliose;rwho may believe - if any such there, be, and for the amusement bf those who do,, noti'= it has been got up as' a hoax/ probably, ^llcre it is :— ' A French physician establisried ai Vera Paz, who, besides practising medecine, lias the charge of extensive farming, estates', upon making some: excavations, undertaken with the view of forming a canal through which to carry his produce to thefsea, dis covered at the bottom of the Bay of .?Hon- duras the opening of a monumentalicanul 75 metres wide, (about 240 'feet) 'and^run- ning in a straight ;lin'e' towards*' the^sorith- west, its sides beirigiconstructed-,of/ 'enor- mous stones rudely cut. ''..The ^tvyo walls, which continue paraliei;'h'ad^^^ to the distance of ssyeral''l^gu'es.'v Having reached the foot of'the' m'ountaiHV^viiere^'e volcano of Fdego' ^^ is'nbw'in'^^^'!'^3. uand having cut away huge tre.esifchat o.Q.bstructed; the entrance, they;! jpassedtijn.dgffija yault^of 100 metres in ^height'.Xabjputg^SjIgejt^an.d of the same width as' sthe ;Cana^.- v/^Jo(ti}ing among the ancient Cyclopean* structures in Greece could give an ^adequate^'iden' of- the tremendous masonry of the'-walls^pf - this vault. The canal was filled with saltwater, 20 metres deep. Our, intrepid icbuntryrnau did not hesitate to embark with some I n^; dians in a pirogue,' which he ^caused febe brought to the spot, and 1 ieigHteen. hoiir^ afterwards (if his 'story 'is/tp/be^ believ'ep), he entered the great ocean (the Pacific) 'be- tween Guatemala and San Salvador;,' tljriiqgll an immense; natural grotto, ?jcalledi.byjsihe fishermen of that .'.cqast: the.; D.evil'si Aioutlrj which superstition had deterred. :.frp^n-se,ver entering. The whole vaulted part of.. this superhumiin-structurewas'irgnteu by snaits cut through to thevrsurfacef'.jabbveV^afid through its whole -extent, ishnuyigablefor the largest ellipse .M..;Alexandenliumboldt ^ad already mentioned American edifices whose architecture indicated a^yery high. an-? tiquity, and reaveied a peculiar civilizution ;^ but whose learned description gives us no idea of the existence of such a monument. What great people, then, has inhabited these regions % Should this news be confirmed, then, a.maritime. communication.isatonce established between the two hemispheres, through the i centre of the American conti nent,/ andf'Europe will have .nothing to do but to cut through the Isthmus of Suez.' Perhaps England will be fortunate in the discovery of a ?' monumental canal,' and a ' superhuman grotto,' through the Isthmus of Suez, which will connect the Mediterra nean and tha Arabian Gulf. ' - / A GHOST IN LOVE.—The Abeille Cau- choise tells the following story:—"A few nights ago a worthy farmer, living near Yvetot, who has lately become a widower, was aroused at midnight by the loud bark- ing of his dog. On going to it the animal displayed extreme terror, whereupon the farmer took his gun and proceeded to an in- spection. All at once he saw a horrid, phantom, clothed in a white sheet, rise be- hind the hedge. The farmer turned deadly pale, and his limbs shook with dismay. He, however, contrived to ejaculate, 'If you come from God speak ; if from the devil, vanish !' 'Wretch !' exclaimed the phantom, 'I am your deceased wife, come from the grave to warn you not to marry Marie A—, to whom you are making love. She is un- worthy to share my bed. The only Woman to succeed me is Henriette B——. Marry her, or persecution and eternal torment shall be your doom !' This strange address from the goblin, instead of dismaying the far- mer, restored his courage. He accordingly rushed on the ghostly visitor, and, stripping off its sheet, discovered the fair Henriette B—— herself, looking excessively foolish. It is said that the farmer, admiring the girl's trick, has had the banns published for his marriage with her," 