TUB LORD BISHOP. The followiug letter was read in the various Churches, -in Melbourne, on Sunday last : — Melbourne, May IS, 1849. My Reverend Brethren — The promise of our blessed Lord, that whatever His Disciples should agree together in asking, should be done for them of His Father, is justly regarded by all earnest Christians, as a peculiar encouragement for uoited prayer. Hence the value which we so property attach to our ordiuary public services, wherein we are used to unite our common supplications unto Almighty God. And hence also those invitatioos which on various occasions of late years have been ad dressed to the members of our own and olher Churches, to join at certain appointed times in petitioning God for' special blessings for themselves, the community to which they belong — tie Universal Church of Christ, or the world at large. You have probably heard of such an invitation, addreiseda few months ago to the Disciples of Christ in this country, that they would all set apart stated hours during the 'first week of the present year, for prayer, either slope or collectively, that God would be pleased to pour down His Spirit to revive His work in these lands. Now the object contemplated by those who issue that invitation, it in itself excellent, and the Clehfey of the United Church of England at)& Ireland should be ready to show their cordial concurrence in it. We do indeed most earnestly tie-! aire that true yeligioq and piety may' be enkindled and cherished among'' all who profess and call themselves' Christians in this, land, — we know too, that no exertions tor this ' end can be successful, except through the gracious assistance of the Holy Spirit j— jahd>ve are assured, that to obtain st|£h assistance, no means-pan be so efie£\ua, as the united suppli cations of the Lord's people. Hehce we. should be ready to u nite ourselves, and to pefsusde otheri to unite in .humble,, earaeit, preserving prayer, for the gift of the Holy Spirit. , But it would seem to become us, instead of adopting for this purpose, a time arbitrarily selected by a few individuals, to make use of that which has been already set apart byj onr Church, for the commemoration of the first descent of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles, and which is therefore most appropriate for join ing together in prayer to God, that he would pour out the abundance of the same spirit upon His people now. Such an use of Whitsnntide appears to be in strict accordance with, the views of the great Reformers of our Church, as shewn in our appointed services ; and I have therefore no .hesitation in suggesting to you, who are .associated with me in the Ministry of the Gospel, that you should bring the subject before your respective congregations and request aod exhort them upon the three days of which this festival consists, vis : Whit Sunday, and the follow ing Monday and Tuesday, to make it a special subject of prayer by them- selves, aod io tneir families, tost tne God aud Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, would look in mercy upon His Church in this land, and pouc down upon it the gracious influence of His Holy Spirit, bringing into the way of truth all Buch as have erred and are deceived, strengthening such as do stand, comforting the weak hearted, raising up ibera that fall, and finally beating down Satan under our feet. I will not dictate to you the couise which you ought to pursue on this occasion, but leave the particulars to your own discretion. The Sacrament of the Lard's Supper will of course be administered on Sunday morning by all those who arc io full orders, and I should wish, wherever it is pos sible, that collections should be made not from the communicants only, but from the entire congregations, for providing the ordinances of the Gos pel for the destitute inhabitants of the Bush ; the amount collected to be pi seed at the disposal of the Diucesan Society, Or of the Local Branch, if there be one, when the money has been contributed. — Hence you will in yonr sermons be naturally led to direct the attention of your people to the religious condition of the country in general, and to the spiritual neces sities of the parish in particular. You "willapecially invite attendance at the morning prayers on Whit Mon day and Tuesday, hut you will judge for yourselves whether it is expedient to addresB the people at Lhose services You will also determine, according to the circumstances of your parochial charge, upon the expediency of hold ing any meetings fur exhortation and prayer upon the evenings of those days. Knowing my general object, and I trust concurring in it, you Will discern the best means of carrying it out. The idea of selecting this Festival for the purpose which I have men tioned, occurred to me some time ago; but it is a remarkable coincidence that Whit Sunday of the present year will be the Irecentinary anniversary of (hp Anv nn wltirh nur Ronlr nf f!nm« moo Prayer was ordered to be oiid for the first time io all the churches of our native land ; and that the Bishop of Gibraltar, in a letter to the Archbishop of Canterbury has sug gested the propriety of solemnly commemorating that day, and mak ing collections on it for the extension . of the Episcopate and clerical body io the colonies throughout the Em pire. It is probable that this sugges tion will be almost universally com plied with, and thus we may hope that there will be on this occasion a sympathy and spiritual communion among all onr various congregations, not only in this Diocese, but in the whole of British Christen dom. That the Lord may present ns in this and all our doings, with His most gracions favour, and further us with his continual help, is the earnest rrsvvr nf Your faithful and Affectionate BroLher in lhe Lorfl, C. MELBOURNE. 