MARITANA. " Fear not slander— censure rash."— Shakespeare. The best of all authority, that of Scripture, through St. Paul, who was "all things to all men," instructs the Corinthians to believe that one star differeth from another in the celestial glory, and so say we of our terrestial stars here : in the flesh, too, he speaks of several — that of fish, in the plural "fishes," to be particularly so. Thus we see - Anglo— see it, most faithfully apostolical to this very hours. Then it follows, all voices are not alike ; which, if so, brings us to the conclusion that when there is not a natural defect, the cha racter of a voice may be most decidedly good and agreeable, although not of the highest note order and greatest compass. An example may be given of that fact in the two Messrs. Braham and Charles Horn. Besides, singers must go through what the composer chooses to give them ; and as thee is always one Prima in every opera, the ! result of his study is mostly favourable that way. For instance, I take away Maritann, and what becomes of the opera ? Like Hamlet without a ghost .' So that Mrs. Rogers is not to be left out in her share of praise for the very pleasing manner in which she goes through her part, because it happens to be of a quieter cast, and not of the strength and extent of Maritana. It is rather a happy contrast than not ; and Wallace has done better in this design than Balfe perhaps would have thought worth thetioubleof so treating the subject, or adapting it. It is a certain proof of her success in the very flatter ing manner the house always encourages her ; a little more practice, and then the nervousness of not feeling all " at home" with the orchestra will soon wear off. No one would ever wish to see her (or would she wish it herself) the Renomm.ee of a hundred mouths ! There are pleasures in Hope, as well as in those of Memory. The question with some is still (the " cry" — the " cry") whether this opera is properly played in music, or not ? Whether it agrees with, or expresses, the reading. In fine, whether the " mod" is just. With professors of music this may be a matter of dispute or not. The public have nothing to do with their ' brotherly loves," or " quarrels." All that the public care for is, to be pleased ; and one thing is very certain, that the house depends on the audience : not the other way.' A man may be the stupidest dolt alive, as to the construction of a piece of music, and yetbeaverv good judge of what sounds and is right, to his ear. Nature will be a critic, and a good one too, where she is not corrupted by rosin in one hand, and unintel ligible chromatics in the other. The child of seven years old who said of the dance the other even ing : " that Mrs. Torning danced all alone, because she could not get a partner," spoke the voice of nature. Why had she not one, in a sort of dance like that P If she dances better than others, why have foils alongside her P If she do not, why dance alone ? It is not intended to go through the " corps de ballet" just yet. The opera is not done with. But, the time being up for going to bed, and candle nearly out, one remark may be made on criticism. It is very truly said that, like wit, criticism, where it offends, that moment it becomes satire ; — the most offensive vice of mock honesty that can disgrace mankind, especially where public characters are concerned. But an opinion may be given at any rate on the merits of those whose occupation is their livelihood ; and we can take those who have already played their parts well in this life, as example to others who may profit by the comparison. Now to say that Mrs. Gibbs reminds us sometimes of the late Mrs. Davenport, surely is no bad compliment to her ; as an actress she certainly is, in every part she takes, the very worst data and 'representation of an ill-natured person that any one can possibly conceive. And none of your " maid-of-all-work" actresses is she ; whatever she does is completely studied, and quite naivete enough in her acting ; sufficient of ease and natural exertion, without any flinging and spider-spinning outreism. It seems difficult what to call this opera. There certainly is music, scenery, and dance ; but then they have got in it again comedy and tragedy— no poem at all. Perhaps the age is a little far gone in " uramamoma." y Conveyance of Parcels to the Interior. — We are glad to find that a Parcel Booking Office has been established at the Wool Pack Inn, near the Hay Market, the manifest object of which, as the advertisement (which will be seeu in another column j states, will go far to facilitate the safe conveyance of packages to the interior, at a moderate rate of carriage. We wish the spirited proprietor every success. The Maitland Anti-Transportation Petition. — This pe tition was forwarded to his Excellency the Governor by yesterday's steamer. It was signed by 1917 persons, including the Warden and four members of the Maitland District Council, the Warden of the Wollombi district, several magistrates, most of the clergymen of all denominations) in the district, and a considerable proportion of persons who are, on a moderate scale, employers of labour. — Maitland jMarcziTy Water Policb Court. — F.ive seamen of the brig Cockermouth Castle, were on Wednesday brought before Captain Browne, charged under the information of the master of the vessel, Captain Adam Wood, with having refused to go to sea, and with general insolence and disobedience of orders, contrary to the articles signed, by the said seamen. Mr. Nichols appeared for the prosecution, and each of the seamen was brought up under a separate information. The circumstances of the case were as follows : — The seamen had been shipped in this colony, and had received an advance note of £3, payable three days after the departure of the brig. On Saturday last they were very insubordinate, and used gross Insolence to the captain and his officers ; on the night of Monday, the captain went on deck and insisted on a double anchor watch being kepi, the ship lying in Watson's Bay. The defendants refused to comply, saying it was not colonial fashion. They then went down below, but were shortly after summoned on deck and ordeied to man the windlass, but the order was afterwards revoked, and a little more chain was payed out. The next day, when the order was given to weigh the anchor, the whole of the defendants refused to do so, or to proceed to sea. The only defence offered was that the Captain, when they refused to keep double anchor watch, cailed them a set of mutinous vagabonds. Mr. Nichols remarked that a case of conspiracy was clear against all the defendants, and he should have felt it his duty to ask for a committal, but for the inconvenience that the captain and sixteen passengers, who were on board, would have been put to if obliged to remain and prosecute. Captain Browne fully concurred in the opinion of Mr. Nichols, that a case for committal was clearly made out. It was about the grossest case he had heard of for a long time. There was not the slightest excuse for the conduct of the men, who might, if they felt aggrieved by the treatment of the Captain or any of his officers, had their legal remedy on the arrival of the ship at Port Phillip. But the vessel had been detained, to the great expense of the owners and a large number of passengers, in consequence of the behaviour of the defendants, It was a case which demanded the full penalty of the act, and he should inflict it, regretting indeed that the forfeiture of the advance money, which had been received by the men, would fall upon those who had cashed their notes. The sentence of the Court was, that each of the prisoners be imprisoned for the period of thirty days ; and considering the aggravated nature of the case, he should decline making any order with respect to their clothes. Robbery on board the Shamrock steamer.— William Anderson and Eliza, his wife, were on Monday placed at the bar of the police office, charged by a person named Wilkie with having stolen from the deck of the steamer Shamrock, on the 2nd of April last, a box containing sundry articles of wearing apparel, jewellery, and other articles ; also, 39/. in silver. From the evidence of the prose cutor, it appeared that he came to Sydney in March last from Hobart Town, where he had a slight acquaintance with the prisoner, who kept a public house there. They subsequently met in Sydney, and on the day witness had taken his passage by the Shamrock, the prisoner went with him to the vessel in company with another man, and witness placed on board five boxes and an iron bedstead, which he had brought down in a dray. This was about 1 o'clock, on the 2nd April, from which hour up till about a quarter before five pri soner never left witness, saying he would not take his leave of him till he had seen him safe off. The other man went away shortly after the boxes, &c.;, were put on board the steamer, and prisoner took every pains to get witness away from the neighbourhood, in which he succeeded. On reaching the steamer, witness discovered that one of his boxes was missing, but after some consultation with prisoner as to whether he should stay or go on, he adopted the latter plan, under the impression that the missing box might have found its way into the hold. On reaching Melbourne, and not finding the box, he returned to Sydney, and from information he received he was induced to take out a warrant to search the premises of the prisoner at the Glebe, when several articles were found which witness identified as his property— particularly a breast pin and gold ring, the latter of which was on the finger of the female prisoner. The Bench discharged the latter, but committed the husband to take his trial. Mr. Nichols, who appeared for the defence, applied for bail, which was refused. Committal on a Charge of Murder.— The man William Earle, whom we referred to in our last issue as being in custody awaiting the result of a coroner's inquest on the remains of his wife, who it was alleged died in consequence of his ill-treatment, was on Saturday committed on the coroner's warrant to take his trial, a jury of four teen having at the inquest returned a verdict of " wilful murder" against the prisoner. As the unhappy man has to stand his trial for the offence, we forbear to publish the evidence taken at the inquest. Desertion of a Wife.— A man named Donald Gunn appeared" on summons before Messrs. Moriarty and Moir, on Wednesday, to answer the complaint of his wtfe, for having deserted her and her children, and refusing to give money for their support, although he had the means of doing so, and prayed that he might be proceeded against according to law. The poor woman said that she and the defendant had been married for seventeen years, that he was a stone mason, and although he found plenty of money to spend in drinks yet she could never get a penny from him for the support of herself or the children, who were consequently half starved and nearly naked ; that last Saturday he spent all his wages, and on Monday took away and pledged a table, and since then his jacket, for the purpose of expending the proceeds in drink ; that while under the influence of liquor she was compelled to take refuge with a neigh bour in order to avoid his violence, and that she had lately been obliged to take advantage of his absence before she dare venture into the house to cook a bit of food for the children, as she conside red it better to stay away from the house than to bring him to an untimely end, he having declared to one of the children that he would murder her if be caught her inside the house again. The Bench ordered the defendant to enter into sureties for his good be haviour, and to keep the peace, for twelve calendar months ; forty- eight hours were allowed to find bail, but in default, to be imprisoned for the period of one month. Murrurundi.— We have had a splendid rain here, which has put new life into our farmers, and ploughing has commeneed in good earnest. The rain has not filled our water-holes, but the ground is in first-rate condition for the plough. A New South Wales shepherd, who had formerly been employed in the Staffordshire Potteries, has discovered some valuable beds of the finest china clay in the Port Fairy district.— English Paper. They who are most weary of life, and yet are most unwilling to die. are such as have lived to no purpose ; who have rather breathed than lived.— \- Clarendon . Charters are kept when their purposes are maintained ; they are violated when the privilege is supported against its end and its object. — Burke, Death is natural to man, but slavery unnatural ; and the moment you strip a man of his liberty, you strip him of all his virtues ; you convert his heart into a dark hole, into which all the vices conspire against you.— Burke. Probably a philosopher would rejoice in that liberty which English men give their domestics ; and tor my own part, 1 cannot avo;d being pleased at the happiness of those poor creatures, who in some measure contribute to mine. The Athenians, the politest and best natured people upon earth, were the kindest to their slaves ; arid if a person may judge, who has seen the world, our English servants are the best treated, because the generality of our English gentlemen are the politest under the sun.— Goldsmith. The Knight and the " Poet." - Our friend Simpson, wbii musing as usual on " the meesery o' man," stepped into the Survey Office one day and tendered his services, by hinting that any humble appointment would in these times be acceptable —even that of a doorkeeper, if the worthy Knight, who was at the moment in a mental triangular abstraction, would be kind enough to sav where his good offices in that capacity could be made available. " What !" exclaimed the Knight in a towering passion at having lost the bearings of his base line by the interruption, "I tell you, h— l's the only place for you!" " Atweel," answered Tam, "your re commendation may have some weight in that quarter, and if I'm successful I'll keep a dry inside berth for you." The explorer took a long black look at his dumpy leveller, while the assistant went off at a tangent in convulsions ; Tam having escaped before the Knight measured him with the pole. "Why did Sir Charles Fitz Roy not go to Launceston ? — An answer to this query would be very grateful to the people of the northern capital of Van Diemen's Land. It appears that Sir Charles Fitz Roy anu Sir William Denison started from Hobart Town for Launceston, and that when about half way, Sir William was taken ill and returned, and the Private Secretary returned to Launceston, stating that as " there was no accommodation for their Excellencies," they did not intend to proceed to Launceston. This was adding insult to injury, and various are the reasons assigned for this alteration in Sir Charles's tour. What particular benefit would have accrued if Sir Charles Fitz Roy had actually visited the town does not appear, but an awful pother is made by the two Launceston papers on the subject, The Examiner believes his Excellency was prevented from going to Launceston because the other Excellency did not wish him to visit a town in which there are a large number of empty houses, and other visible signs of decay, and no public works in progress. The Chronicle has no doubt that the disgraceful state of the road at the northern end of it was the real reason, for Sir William did not wisii Sir Charles to see how the roads were neglected. The Examiner came to the charge a second time, and was confident that instructions were forwarded to those persons to whom Sir Charles was "sent," to prevent him from visiting Launceston. This brought out Mr- T. Walker, one of the gentlemen who had the honor of receiving his Excellency as a guest, denying that he had received any such instructions, and stating that if he had received such instructions, he would not have attended to them ; to this the editor replies, that no one would suppose that a gentleman like Mr. Walker would receive such instructions, but there are toadies and sneaks in thai locality who would receive them. So that it would appear to be the impression that our Governor while in Van Diemen's Land, was " sent" from one establishment to another with particular instructions as to where he was to be allowed to go. But there is another point in this transaction which is considered of sufficient importance to occupy a space in the papers. A dinner had been ordered fur a pat ty of five, consisting of two governors, two private secretaries and one aide-de-camp, at the Cornwall Hotel ; but after prepara tions had been made, the countermand was received. Both the Launceston newspapers advise 1 Mr. Clyne, the landlord, to " make out bis bill," which is a suggotion no innkeeper ever refused to attend to, and Mr. Clyne accordingly sent in a bill to Governor Dennison for 1 20, which for a dinner for five that was not eaten, shows that at Launceston they had rather extensive ideas in the way of " eating and driukdng ;" to th s charge a demur was made, and a " bill of particulars" was requested, which we are informed by the Launceston Examiner amounted to ; 23 ; so that it would have been more prudent in Governor Dennison to have paid the first demand. And thus at the date of our last advices the matter stood : the public " grievance" of Sir Charles not showing his face at Launceston was neither forgotten nor forgiven, and the private matter of the " little hill" at the hotel was unsettled. We do not like just now that we are engaged in the anti-transportation struggle to ask any favours of the Governor, but if any persons that read the Herald should be on terms of familiarity with his Excellency, we wish they would ask him to let us know befure the next vessel sails for Van Diemen's Land, why he did not go to Launceston. He little knew when he turned back on the road the amount of trood ink that he would cause to he shed. — Herald. New '.Magistrates. — His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint the following gentlemen to be Magistrates of the Territory and its Dependencies, viz. : — Henry Arthur Herbert and "William Humphreys, Esqrs., of Weatherton, Burnett River; George Hobler, the younger, and John Scott, Esqrs., of the Lower Murrumhidgee ; Edmund Morey, Esq., of the Lower Murray; William Nairn Gray, Esq., to be Police Magistrate for the Town of Geeiong ; James Hawthorne, Esq., of Cundle Cundle, Manning River. — Government Gazette. Coroner. — His Excelleney the Governor has bepn pleased to appoint George Barnsby, Esq., of Camden, to be Coroner for the District of Picton, Camden, Narellan, and Campbelltown, vice Dr. Tighp, resigned.— Ibid. Electoral Lists. — His Excellency the Governor directs it to be notified, that he has appointed the undei mentioned gentlemen to assist in revising the Electoral Lists, under the Act of Council 6 Vict., No. 16, viz. .-—Raymond Terrace— James King and vi illiam Bi ett, Esqrs. — Ibid. Female Emigrants. — We perceive that a society ha3 been es tablished at Plymouth, called the " Female Emigrants' Employment Society." The object of which is to provide employment tor female emigrants during the voyage. The prospectus stales — " It is pro posed, therefore, that a fund he opened by wtiich contributions, either in useful materials, or money for purchasing and collecting them, may be obtained, such as— worsted and yarn, sewing and knitting cotton, sewing and knitting needles, calico cut out in patterns for useful garments, remnants of cotton prints, silk, cloth, &c.;, pieces for patchwork, scissors, straw for plaiting, books containing direc tions for knitting, sewing, making up and cutting out garments, and hints for domestic services, slates, copy books, writing paper, pens, pencils, ink, &c.; The most decent and intelligent atuongst them will be selected by the visitor of the ship, to superintend the industrial classes. This plan is not to be considered as a wild chimera which may never be cariied into eflect, for it has already been tried and attended with the most satisfactory and encouraging results, the emigrants received most gratefully the materials furnished them, and fell in most readily with the formation of the Industrial Classes. The work thus made may be sold with a considerable advantage at the end of the voyage, as a reward for their industry, and "thus afford the poor girls a little money to start life with in the colony." This society owes its origin to the exertions of the Rev. T. C. Chhds, of St. Mary 's, Devonport, whose labours on behalf of the spiritual and moral welfare of the emigrants sailing from Plymouth we have bad previous occasion to notice.- Herald. Summer Hill Mink. — This mine is likely to prove exceedingly valuable, lhe miners have struck a lode about 5 feet in width con taining a solid continuous body of pale grey ore 39 incites wide, with small veins of yellow ore on either side, ilie grey ore is said to contain from 30 to 40 per cent, of pore copper. A specimen of the oie, weighing 18oz., lias been left at our office, and we have no hesitation in prophesying that it will, upon analysis, at least yield from 2G to 30 per cent, of copper. We have forwarded a specimen of the ore to Sydney, in order that from our own information, we may be able to speak definitively on the subject, although we have no kind of pecuniary inteiest in the mine.— Bat hurst Advocate. it you wish to know whether anybody is superior to the preju dices of the world, ask him to carry a parcel for you. Immigrants.— The conduct of theiEmigration Agents in regard to fiathurst seems somewhat strange and unaccountable. They send us our share of emigrants ; but then, those emigrants are in the shape of little boys and girls. Of miners, and married persons with large families, we have generally a glut in our labour market ; but with respect to single male and female servants, we are always minus. Such is the language repeatedly uttered by the employers of labour in our district. Though we are compelled to admit the facts, as above stated, we nevertheless feel inclined to exonerate the Emigration Agent at Sydney from all blame. Our employers of labour forget that the Government has no power to interfere with the liberties of free emigrants. The Emigration Agent cannot compel them to go from Sydney to Maitland, or Bathurst, or any where else. Were the imported laborers under a bond, or, were they in the condition of criminal exiles, the Emigration Agents at j Sydney could order them to come here, and go there ; but, under j existing circumstances, they can neither do one thing nor the other. The various districts bordering on Sydney are consequently well \ supplied with labor, in consequence of the disinclination of the j majority of emigrants to proceed far into the bush. When a ship arrives in port, as many of the emigrants as are desirous of pro ceeding to Bathurst, or any other place where there happens to be a depot, are forwarded thither at the expense of the Government ; blit the procedure is entirely optional on the part of the emigrants. Hence if it has so happened thai persons with heavy encumbrances have come to Bathurst, the fact is accounted for by supposing that | the said persons happened to conceive the desire of pioceeding hither. The Emigration Agent is clearly exonerated from blame, I except so far as the non-refusal to send sueii applicants here is concerned. 'But then, the fact is not the less true that the majority of free emigrants sent to Bathurst are a class that would hardy find employment in any country in the world save New South Wales. The nine families who came up from the Harbinger com prised about forty-tbree persons, and four of the women were near their accouchment. Two of these families had but one child each, 1 and both families got immediate employment, but the remainder of the batch could find no employers whatever, and were consequently obliged to seek lodgings and shift for themselves in the best way they could. Single men and single women, as well as married couples without incumbrance, or with but one child, may find persons to employ them ; but those persons who are surrounded with eight or ten non-producing olive branches, may make up their minds to encounter difficulties in obtaining employment.— Bathurst Advocate. The Cotton Experiment. — We have been favoured with a sample of cotton pods, gathered from half-an-acre of cotton planted at Bolwarra, the property of Messrs. Dickson, the planting of which we noticed at the time. The sample is of two sorts — a white cotton and a light drab or brown cotton ; the white being rather the most silky in texture, and the other the strongest in fibre, besides being rather fuller and closer in the pod than the white. In both the seeds are firmly imbedded in the cotton, and it requires some force to extract them, so that neither can be the Sea island variety, according to Mr. Gardner's description. In Doth kinds the cotton appears to us to be decidedly of good quality, much sup rior to the average American cotton imported into Liverpool, and the white is distinguished by a silkiness of texture which we have rarely noticed in American cotton. Mr. Dickson informs U5 that he sowed the seed in September last, about half on th- 7th September, and the remainder about a fortnight alter. He obtained n ost of the seed from the Government Gardens. Sydney, and was informed at the time that it was of several varieties, or rather that it was the product of seeds obtained from dtHerint countries, but that the sorts bad got mixed. The seeds were put in in much the same way as maize, two seeds irt each bole, the holes three feet apart, and four feet between each row of holes In a few cases both seeds germinated and grew, but in the great majority only one plant ; appeared above ground, while in a few cases both seeds appear to j base perished. Shortly after the plants appeared they weie at- j tacked by a grub, which at first threatened to destroy the crop, but passed away without doing serious damage. It is well known how | dry the present season has been, and that corn, for instance, has i only succeeded well in a few localities, where the ground was low | and moist. Yet the young cotton crop continued to grow steadily, | and in due time flowered vigorously, the plants attaining a general , height of from three feet six inches to four feet, and many reaching ! to five feet high ; branching out into bushy plants, and hearing j perhaps on an average thirty pods ; and it was remarkable that the j hot winds of the present season, some of which have been unusually scorching, produced no apparent eflect on the cotton plants, not ! even making the leaves flag for the time. The plants appear to | continue in flower for a long time, or at least these have done so, | and at the present time, when the earlier flowers have changed into j pods, and a few are here and tiicre bursting open and showing the cotton wool within, there are still a large number of flowers in blocim on different plants in their various shades of while, yellow, and pink. «The whole plot now looks most green and flourishing, and is a great contrast to anything else growing near. The ground on which the cotton is growing, is about half an acre in extent, und is situated about half-a-mile from Bolwarra House, and about a mile from the Falls, West Maitland, it is a piece of rich alluvial land, which was ploughed in the ordinary way, and the cotton plants have been treated almost precisely as corn would have been, having been hilled up once, and kept clean. On the whole, looking at the dry and scorching season we have had, we cannot but tiling the result of this experiment is most gratifying, demonstrating that the cufture of cotton is a safe pursuit in the colony in almost any seuson, as far as regaids the certainly of raising a crop. Whether the price that could be obtained in England for the cotton wool would be sufficient to pay expenses of culture and preparing lor market here, and of freight, &c.;, to England, is another question, which can only be determined by actual trial, everything depending on the comparative price Australian cotton would be worth, as against American cotton. Meanwhile, we shall be happy o show the specimen left at our office, and we recommend all who feel an interest in this subject to proceed to Bolwarra, and have a look at the crop growing there.— Maitland Mercury. Theatricals. — The lovers of the drama have now an opportunity aflbrded them which seldom occurs, Mr. and Mrs. Hambleton, and Mr. Ambiti, from the Victoria Theatre, Sydney, having paid Mait- iand a theatrical visit. They have obtained the assistance of the Maitland Amateurs, and the use of the Amateur Theatre, at the rear of the old Albion, and on Monday, Thursday, and Saturday next week will give performances ihue. The first performance will be on Monday evening next, the 30ih April, and the pieces chosen aie the drama of " Love in Humole Life," the laughable farce of " Bachelor's Buttons," and the well-known farce of " The Irish Tutor." We have never witnessed the performance of Mr. or Mrs. Hambleton, and therefore can only judge of them from the notices in the Sydney press, in which we liave frequently observed them mentioned with approval, particularly Mis. Hambleton. Mr. Arabia we bad I be pleasuie of seeing on lhe Victoria boards some years since, and be was then a good acior ; latterly we have observed that Mr. Arabia's parts in Sydney have been of a higher cast, and from the notices in the papers shall expect to see him a much better per former than when we last saw hum We feel assured there are sufficient admirers of the drama in and around Maitland to give our visitors a crowded and hearty welcome, and we trust they will do so, as it will probably lead to our being occasionally or periodi cally visited by parties of performers from Sydney, and thus having an opportunity of gratifying our lisle.— Maitland Mercury. The Anti-Transportation Petition. A meeting of the Maitland Anti- Transportation Committee was held at the Waterloo Inn on Thursday evening last; Dr. M'Cartney in the chair. The Secretary reported that a few of lhe signature sheets had not yet been sent in . the signatures on those returned amounted to up wards of 1600. The meeting considered that it was desirable that the petition should be sent away without delay ; and a resolution was passed authorising the Secretary, as soon as the few un- returned signature sheets were got in, to forward lhe petition (ac companied by a copy of the Meicury containing a report of the proceedings at the public meeting at which the petition was adopted) to the Governor, with a request that his Excellency would be pleased to transmit the same for presentation to her Majesty. After some discussion as to the necessity for adopting further measures for carrying out toe objects of the late public meeting, the following resolution was passed : " That arrangements be made for immedi ately convening a public meeting to consider the expediency of ad dressing the Legislative Council, praying them to adopt decided j measures for preventing the renewal of transportation to this colony, in any shape or on any terms ; and for taking such other steps for carrying out that object as may then be considered desira ble." And the Secretary was deputed to wait on the Warden of the District, to request him to convene such public meeting. A vote of thanks was then given to the chairman, and the Committee ad journed. — Maitlarid Mercury. 