LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. A meeting of the shareholders of the Colonial Rail way Company was held on Wednesday, in what is now jailed ' the Original Railway Office,' adjoining the Exchange. Fortv shareholders were uresenr. and J.B. JNeaies. &sq.;, was canea to tne cnair, ana me iouowing resolutions were adopted unanimously : Proposed by Caplaia Allen, and seconded by Mr W. H. CUrke— ;' That the shareholders and acriphrdderf of the South Australiin Rm'.'wav Company learn with rajr-tr, that un impediment h-is nri«en to the completion ot a Rmlw*y to the Pott by an amtigamaMon tvitb the London Company; and deem it expedient to proceed with the Colonial Railway Compaty, independent ot the London Company. Proposed by Wm. Paxron. Esq., seconded by Capt. Alien That Messrs O M. Wtterhouse. Pdxton, and Hirt be ' nominated to act witb Messrs Giles, Mnntefiore, and Nt-ales, . as a committee to obtain a return of the moneys ot ih« shareholders and sciipbolder* of the South Au;tra;hn Rail way Company, pni-l over in anticipntion ot the propoHed amalgamation, and of all documents 'iirt papers connected therewith : and to consider whit menfures »re mo»t fir ;o be adopted under the oircurastan ec. with a view to the carry. ing out the original R-iilway Company, and report the rentilc to a meeting ot ecripholders and shareholders, within one . month from this day. . Proposed by M. Featherstonehaugh, Esq., seconded by Mr White— That the accounts now produced be approved and passed, subject to the production of proper vouchers for.the same, ind that Measrs Tinline and Brown be asked to audit the mme. Proposed by Captiin Hart, seconded by Mr J Alien That the thanks oi the sciiphnlders «nd shttrehoMers h* jiveu to Messrs Elder, Giles, Monttflore, and Neales, fh© gentlemen who h»ve hitherto represented thei*- interests for iheir zeal and tiouh'e in the matter, and the satisfactory manner in which they have acted in it. A most interesting meeting took place on Thursday pvening last, at the Trinity Church school-room, being the first general meeting of the South Australian Church of England Sunday School Institute, having for its object the establishment, promotion, aud ex- tension of Sunday Schools in connexion with that Church in this province. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide presided. There were also present the Archdeacon, the Dean, the Rev. Messrs Woodcock, Wilson, Wood, Pratt, Miller, and Allom ; his Honor the Judge, and a large number of ladies and gentlemen. An abundance of tea and suitable edibles were provided for the occasion, which were partaken of by the company after grace had been sung. The meeting was kindly favoured by Mr Plumstead with some pieces of music on the seraphine. The Lord Bishop opened the business of the evening with some appropriate remarks as to tho occasion which called them together, remarking that they were not without a precedent, as he would read to them an account of a similar meeting in tho mothfir-country, though on a much larger scale ; there having been a monster . tea-meeting, where tho number present ex ceeded 5000 friends, teachers, and children of Sabbath Schools, among whom was a nobleman and no loss than seven prelates, the latter having severally preachod sermons on behalf of tho schools. Ilia Lordship called upon those who had been engaged in the good work to address the meeting, and requested the Rev. Mr Wood, who had had many years, experience in the mother country, and lately arrived in this colony, to speak on the subject, who in a beautiful and simplo Bpt'ech commented on the requirements and aids neces sary for the efficient working of Sunday Schools. Mr Ross, many years superintendent of Trinity Sunday School, followed, as did also the Rev. W. J. Woodcock, who spoke (as he did on a former occasion) on tho small number of children attending their Sunday School In comparison to the number of their members, and ex- horting them to increased exertions. His Honor the Jud^e said there was a subject, which had been a cause of grief to him of late, namely, the increase of crime in the colony, and hoped the efforts of those present would be exerted to tho prevention, if possible, of this evil, by instructing the rising generation in the knowledge of that which was good. His Lordship and others in the course of the evening spoke of the benefit arising from, meetings for the instruction of teachers, and some good suggestions were made on the subject of district visiting, seeking for absent scholars, and providing for the tera- - poral and spiritual wants of the inhabitants of neglected parts of the town and country. The rules were read by the Rev. Mr Allom and a subscription list opened, to which several came forward and contributed, for tho supply of books and other necessaries. The meeting closed by signing the Doxology and the Bishop pro- nounciog the blessaog. The foundation-stono of All Saints* Cbnrcb. Hind- marsh, was laid on Monday last, by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, in the presence of Lady Young and a largo assembly of clergy and others. In the evening of the same day, a pnblio meeting of subscribers was held at the temporary church, presided over by the Rev, S. P. J R. Allooi, Minister of the place ; when tho Biahopj, J . Adams, Esq., of Prospect House., Dr Mayo, Mr Bench,. and Mr Jay wero unanimously chosen Trustees. The state of the funds was most satisfactory, and highly creditable to the late Committee, which consisted al m -st entirely of tradesmen and labouring men resident in Hindmarsh ; and the subscription list, by its number of names, showed very plainly that the people are de sirous of having the privileges of the Church of Eng land among them. — South Australian* A communication came in yesterday from the agent of the Enterprise Mining Company at Lyndoch Valley, stating that the coarse of ore in Walter's pitch had been opened seven fathoms further north, and was then found to be quite as good as at the first shaft. The course of ore continues from four to five feet wide, and yielding from forty to fifty per cent. The other pitches continue as good as before reported. Although the subpoenas issued in the Queen v. D' Arcy ?were filled up for a felonious assault, we have authority to state that they were issued before the Advocate General could have perused the depositions. The near approach of the Criminal Sessions (Tueeday next) ren dered their immediate service necessary, as the wit nesses were not bound over to attend the Supreme Court, as is usual when the Magistrates have sufficient confidence to decide upon the course warranted by the evidence taken before them. This twof.»ld considera tion of depositions — first, to instruct Justices ; and se condly, to frame the indictment — must add materially to the duties of our already over-worked Advocate General, and renders the appoinrment of a Crown So licitor more desirable than ever. We were pleased to oljserve that the announcement of' Hamlet' attracted a good attendance to the Theatre on Thursday evening. The indisposition of Jaco! s reduced the strength of the company by one very useful member, and increased considerab'y the already hercu lean labours of Lazar and Douglass. Morton King played the philosophical procrastinating Prince magni ficently, and we would have regretted L:izar*s ' giving up »he ghost' had we not been compelled to forget the Avrongs of 'buried Denmark,' the ponderings of the Prince, the sorrows of Ophelia, and the revenge of Laertes, in the drollery of the disquisition on Crowner's quest law. Miss Lazar*s 'Ophelia' was a most effective performance, second only to her ' Lady of Lyons.' Her representation of the love-lorn mnniac maiden brought moisture mto many aa eye, ' albeit unused to lhe melting mood.' Douglass, that Pro'eus who, like Lazar, attempts everything, and never fails, ?' Had double Toil and trouble' to drive the noodles who never succeed through the minor parts necessary to the business of the piece. On the whole the play gave great satisfaction. '. At the fall ex the curtain Morton King (who was deservedly ap pUcded throughout the evening) was loudly called for. He came forward and gracefully acknowledged the favour so liberally bestowed on him. Professor 'Witton's instrumental band of musicians made good their promised first performance on Thurs day afternoon, on the ground between the Government Domain and the Native School. The p rformera were screened from the snn by the eucalypti so vigorously growing within the Government fence ; but the conti guity was anything but favourable to the diffusion of gweet sounds, and many of those who expected to have heard the band at a distance, and promised themselves a treat, listened in vain, and did net cross their thresholds. Mr Witton and his band were complimented b? the attendance of many ladies and gentlemen in their carriages, and a number of respectable pedestrians who occupied the terrace expressed their approbation ; whilst the juveniles of every shade more loudly ex pressed their delight A collection of birds, to be seen at thot ' Musical Sa loon,' is worthy of a visit not only from the ornitholo gists, but curious colonists of every grade, especially Buch as desire to transmit acceptable presents to friends in England. Some of the specimens had excited the utmost admiration. ? The Arab horse ** Prophet' has been purchased by Mr Henry Evans. An inquest was held on Tuesday, November 20th, at Kooringa, before William Lang, Esq., Coroner for the Murray District, on the body of Jane Ann Snow, aged six months. It appeared from the evidence that the parents of the deceased had gone out to market on the evening of Saturday the 10th instant, leaving the deceased child asleep in the cradle, in charge of a child about eight years of age. The next door neighbour discovered the cradle to be on fire, and the child burning in the cradle. The child in whose care the deceased was left being too young to be sworn, no evidence could be given as to the origin of the fire. Dr. P. Hill, who attended the child, stated that he was called in to at tend the deceased, whom he found to be extensively burnt on the head, face, and arm. The usual remedies were applied, but the deceased, after slightly improving, gradually sank under the effects of the burns, and died on the morning of the 20th. The Jury returned a verdict of 'Accidental Death.' and expressed their opinion that it was highly imprudent of the parents to have left the infant in the care of such a young child. 