THE MALLANGANEE OF LAHORE. I / From the Morning Herald Ihr virtues of the Matinrnnec Uhuiul gown of Lahore, like the odours of certain herbs which exhale their sweetness only when they are crushed, seem to have developed themselves to such an extent within the last few months, that public writers, both in India and in England, have grown eloquent in their commendation, and loudly denounced the tyranny of the British Government in treating so much excellence with so little respect. It has been made a subject of complaint that she was kept in such strict custody so vigilantly watched, with so many eyes upon her day and night, so many bayonets pointed at her, and so many iron bars clamped around 1 her, that she could not escape more than an odd hundred or two of miles from her custodians before her escape was found out. The last story we observe is that she was put into a case at Chahar, but whether she escaped by gnawing through the bars like a wild beast, or fluted between them like a ghost, is not set down in the record. The only thing that seems to be very distinctly known in some quarters is that the Royal lady has been very ill-used, and that a rose of grievance has been established worthy the consider tion of those gentlemen who have so long been worrying; the country with details of the wrongs of the Rajah of Sattarah. The change from a a dead Itijali to a live Range will, at all events, be refreshing. It is something to have a grey . ance with a gloss on it That the case may be well understood, and the injured lady have fair play, whenever it is brought before the House of Commons or the Court of Proprietors of India Sick, as propose to give a brief account of some of the antecedents of the Maharanee's life. A perfect biography of this accomplished lady would require a large volume or several small ones ; and in this shape, would probably be as pot plant in certain quarters as a once celebrated , work, of which Mr. Stockdale was the p lb lisher. The daughter of a Sikh horseman, she attracted the ut mention of Runjeet Singh in his last years of sensual exhaustion. He heard of her extraordinary beauty, and quickly made her his wife. In due course Dhuleep Singh was born ; but the only thing that is clear about the paternity of the child was that Run- ject was not his father. Whether the handsome, courteous, sensual Soochait Singh, or his vizier, Rai Kesri Singh, was the father of the child, or whether a common tent-pitcher had (the honour of be getting the future Maharajah of the Punjaub, is still an " historic doubt." Her character after the death of the old Lion of the Punjaub, developed itself with great rapidity ; but it was not until after the death of Shere Singh and I'ertab Singh that she assumed a prominent position in the history of the Oriental world. It was soon after this that her notorious connection with Rajah Lal Singh commenced-an intercourse to which, in no small measure, is to be attributed the invasion of the British provinces by the Sikh soldiery. She was, from the first, the deadly enemy of the British ; but when they had fairly beaten the Sikhs in four pitched battles, and a British force was encamped under the walls of Lahore, none professed, and in all probability felt, greater anxiety for their continuance there, until the Khalsa army had been disarmed and dispersed, and all danger had fairly subsided. But even whilst she was thus recognising the value of British protection, she could not refrain from intriguing against "the very power to which she owed all her safety. Her paramour, Rajah Lal Singh, whom she, re Regent, had appointed Wuxcer, began early to foment rebellion in Cashmere, and was detected in an act of as iniquitous treachery as over disgraced (in Asiatic Court. On the reconstruction of the government after this event, the Ranee, who was suffered to enjoy her pension at Lahore, was before long detected in sending emissaries to Moolraj, and hatching a plot for the murder of the British Resident and one of the chiefs of the Lahore durbar. Her intrigues had now become dangerous, and her private conduct was a scandal to the court. When the Resident re- monstrated against proceedings so unworthy the mother of the Maharajah, she only sneered at him. To suffer her to remain at the capital as the guardian of the Maharajah was impossible; so she was removed to Shirkarpoor. There she soon began to tamper with her guards, and to attempt an intrigue hostile to the British Government with the Maharajah of Cashmere. These characteristic performances were followed by an act of far greater importance. She was detected in a conspiracy hatched with the laudable object of corrupting the fidelity of our sepoy troops. Her confidential vakeel was executed for his active participation in this exploit, and the [Maharanee was removed from the Pen 2 yards. By this time Mr. Vans Agnew and Lieutenant Anderson had been foully murdered at Mooltan, and though no proof existed of the Maharanee's complicity in the outbreak at that place, there were good grounds for suspicion, and it was certain, in the opinion of the British Resident, that " the eyes of the whole Sikh army and military population were directed to the Maharanee, as the rallying point of their rebellion and disaffection. A much harsher measure than the removal of this illustrious lady from the Punjaubee territories would, under such circumstances, in the opinion of some people, have been justifiable. She was removed to Benares ; but the centre from which her intrigues radiated was then only changed to another spot. From her " rigorous confinement in the Holy City she contrived to despatch letters to Chatter Singh and Moolrnj, containing the following passage illustrative of the gentleness and amiability of her character : " You have settled matters with the British right well. They quake and tremble through fear of you, and have lost all their ascendancy. They have abandoned eating their food, and their tongues falter. Be confident and firm. The English have no troops, so exert yourself to the utmost. Give the British whom you have taken prisoners one hundred blows each a day ; blacken their faces and placing them on donkeys parade them through your camp ; cut off their noses also by these means, in a short time, not one of the British will be left in the land .... Collect together 1000 or 2000 able bodied men, and having diagnosed them as I Fakers, send them across the Sutlej. Instruct them to watch the British during the day, and to kill them at night. The British have no troops in this part of the country, certainly not more than 1000 or 2000 men, and at night are accustomed to sleep with no one near them. Be confident. The British do not interest me at all, being afraid to do so." Surely the writer of this gentle, feminine epistle, will enlist on her behalf the sympathies of the many Sattarah advocates, as she has already enlisted those of a portion of the Indian and English press. It was assuredly too bad to confine so amiable a lady in so rigorous a manner, that she could not manage to get further than Catamandoo before her escape was detected. There is another grievance, too, which seems to call for a word of comment. It is said that the guardianship of the poor Maharajah has been entrusted to a person unworthy of the honour and unfitted for the charge. This is really monstrous. We happen to know something about this unworthy person. He is un- fitted for the duty for which he has been selected, by being an accomplished, h ¡jj li minded, intelligent gentleman, with extensive experience of Asiatic Courts. He was highly esteemed by the late Lord Metcalfe, to whose personal staff he was for some time attached. He was a member of the mission to Herat, under the late respected Major Todd and has since, we believe, held an appointment at the Lucknow Residency. The disqualifying circumstances of extensive experience at Oriental Courts, and of high personal character, combined with great kindliness of heart and suavity of manner, are, no doubt, very apparent to the admirers of the amiable lady, who would have blackened the faces and cut off the noses of the British prisoners, and paraded them on donkeys through the Sikh camp. 