BRITISH AND COLONIAL INTEL LIGENCE. ENGLAND. The Town Council of Andover lately met to elect a Mayor in the place of Mr Mortimer, who had declined serving the office, and paid the penalty of £20. The result of the meeting was the selection of Mr Lamb, but again this office was re jected, and at present there does not appear the least chance of its being filled. At the County Petty Session, held in November last, at the Council Chamber, Salis bury, before Lord Folkestone, Colone. Baker, and other magistrates, Ann Delicate and Ann Morris, two wretched looking women, were fined three shillings each, and in default seven days'impri sonment, for stealing, one of them ten, and the other fourteen Sweed turnips, the property of W. Fawceit, Esq., of Harnham, near Salisbury. The market value of the turnips was only twopence. One of the poor wretches said she had uot tasted a bit of food for two days. The extensive carpet manufactory of the late John Howard, Esq., at Leeds, is about to be entirely closed. This will necessarily throw out oi employment a great number of hands hitherto fully employed. A considerable sensation has been caused amongst the members of the Jockey Club, and the sporting circks of Paris, by the announcement of Baron N. de Rothchild's intention of selling off his stud which includes some of the best racing horses in France. A late English paper authoritatively re ports that the authorities at the Mint would issue in the course of December last, the medals for dis tribution to the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates engaged in the actionB in the Penin sula during the period from 180b' to 1814." The cost of each prisoner, in the county of Carlisle, is-Btated to bo 5s 6d a week, while the weekly crtst of paupers in the same locality is only 2s 6d. Lord Melbourne's executors are no other than Henry Lord Brougham and Edward Ehice, the elder. Now, though no man leaves behind him anything so interesting as his property, to those who are to share it, yet, to the public, such a man as the late Lord Melbourne leaves something which is far more important in the shape of pri vate correspondence, notes of important transac tions, correspondence with the great persons en gaged in them, and in short, all the various private j documents of a statesman's life. These papers i come as a matter of right into the hands of Lord ] Brougham and Mr E. blliee. Ot course there is not the slightest doubt that in such hands these documents will only be put to honourable uses. Still there is a something, not very easy to de scribe, which causes the Whigs to feel uncomfort able, that all they have said in writing to Lord Melbourne, should fall into the hands of Lord Brougham. They are not at all happy about it, and if the deceased lord received any injury at their hands, his ghost does not " walk uorevenged amongst them."—Post, Australasia, with a population of two hundred and eighty thousand, is now consuming more British manufactures than did the whole of British North America, with 2,000,000, in the year 1774. There are many estates in London, which fifty years back were only worth £3 an acre, as cow pasture and dairy ground, now realizing from £1,000 to £2,000 per acre per annum. Many within thirty years, which were brickfield roughs, now return half that rental, and in another gene ration these same estates, on which the property of thousands has been outlaid, will in some in stances, yield to the colossal proprietors from £100,000 to £500,001) per annum. In reply to an application made to the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners, requesting to know whether, in the event of sn emigrant dying on his passage, his property would be returned to his Iriends, the Secretary has re turned an answer, that the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners cannot undertake to be responsible for the property of emigrants who may die onboard ship, if the deceased person has any relatives or friends on board, they would, probably, take charge of its effects ; and if not, the captain would probably land them in the colony, but would not, it is presumed, bring them back to this country. The City Commissioners have obtained possession of nearly the whole of the houses on the north-east side of Dowgate-liill and on the •ast side of Cannon street, extending to Turnwheel lane, the whole of which are forthwith to be de molished to widen the thoroughfare of Cannon street, and form a new street from the end of Walbrook into Queen-street, Southwark-bridge. The Lords of the Admiralty are so con vinced of the utility of steam guard- ships, as tested iu the successful issue to the trial of the Blenheim, that they contemplate orderiug the construction of two line-of-battle ships upon the screw principle of the most approved lines, aud sending one to the Mediterranean, one to South America, and one or other of those already adapted to the East India station. -Britannia. INDIA. The Indian papers notice the discovery in the Deccan. of a bed of lithographic limestone fifteen or twenty miles broad, and of great length, which iB considered likely to famish a valuable means of facilitating the instruction of the natives: —" With but one variety of character," it is re marked in the Bombay Times, " and that pecu liarly suited for printing purposes, provided plenti fully everywhere with admirable penman ready to give their services for the most moderate remune. ration, and artificers perfectly competent to ma nufacture or make use of the printing press, the natives might, by means of this stone, speedily provide for themselves books in their own tongue at a price which, considering the smallness of their impressions, would make our cheap English edi tions appear extravngant. At Bombay, we are disgracefully behind in these things; at Poona, and at some dozen of other outstations, lithography is practised with the utmost success. We have now enly to wish for its wide and speedy exten sion as an engine for the diffusion of knowledge.'' CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. General discontent pervades this plape in consequence of Sir H. Smith having expressed his determination to introduce a militia bill into the council. Public meetings were being called in every part of the colony to protest against the measure. The following is an extract from a letter of a. correspondent to the South African;—" The spirit of calling meetings to discuss'proposed bills introduced into the council is quite a novel feature, but want of confidence and discontent have im pelled them into the present proceedings, and God only knows where this will end. A beginning is made, and after this we may fully expect similar meetings will be held. My only fear is that their excited feelings will carry them beyond the bounds of moderation. The idea of being enlisted for four years aud drilled is nothing less than slaveiy, and they are determined to resist the same by every lawfnl means. They argue they are taxed to support a police force, and they cannot under, stand why they should be called from their fami lies and farms to attend drill, the very name of which they shudder at." SYDNEY. The Sydney Government Gazette con tains the official return of the revenue of the colony (exclusive of Port Phillip,) for the quarter ended 31st March. The return Bhows au increase on the corresponding quarter of last year of £1339 15s. under the head of taxes, duties, rates, and imports, and of £2,226 14s. lid. under the head of crown revenue. There is a falling off. however, of £99 Is. 2d. under the head of fees and fines of public offices, aud of £1,803 17s. 81. in the mis* ceIlaneou8 revenue The total revenue for the quarter is £68,622 7s. 6d. Speaking of the Governor's return from Van Dieraen's Land, the S. M. Herald says—"No demonstration whatever was made; there was not a cheer, or a word of disapprobation. The public seemed to be held in doubt—a doubt which His Excellency aloue can determine." We have seen an account sales of nine teen New South Wales horses, sold at Calcutta on the 27th December. One (we suppose diseased.) sold as low as 45 rupees, and one " Sultan, a light grey gelding," at 1040 rupees; the average of the remainder was UDder 499 rupees. The total amount of the sale was 6875 rupees, from which deduct the common eight per cent, and the net proceeds of the sale were 6325 rupees. The freight, stabling at Calcutta, &c.;, comes to 5225 rupees, leaving for the shippers 1099 Tupees, or £5 15s. 91, a head I—Sydney Morning Herald. Men are like bugles *, the more brass they contain, the further you can hear them. Ladies are like violets; the more modest and retiring they appear, the better you love them. POBT PHILLIP. Several of the friends of Major St. John are entering into liberal subscriptions to provide that gentleman with an emigration fund. The object of their benevolence purposes returning to England. Mr. James Simpson will succeed Major St. John as Crown Land Commissioner for the county of Bourke. Jonathan Clarke, Esq., M.D., has been duly gazetted as Health Officer of the Port and Harbour of Geelong. The valuation of the town, just com- pleted, exceeds that of last year, by the sum of £22,750. Mr. Hull, J.P., stated from the Police bench, on 20 h April, that so great was the amount of perjury daily committed at the police-office, that if the cases were investigated they would occupy the time of one magistrate every day from ten to four o'clock ! Messrs. Lyle and Young have purchased ground at Itacchna's Alarsh for the purpose of erecting thereon & flour mil1, and have given orders to Messrs. Langlands for a seven horse power steam engine. Twenty thousand three hundred and fifty-five bales of wool, and one thousand and thirty-two casks of tallow bave been shipped from the port of Geelong during the present season up to the 5th April. Out of this amount of exports one hundred and seventy three bales of wool have been shipped for Sydney, and eighteen hundred and thirty two bales of wool Bnd one hundred casks of tallow for1 Melbourne, making the net amount of exports from Geelong to the mother country eighteen thoilsand three hundred and fiffy bales of wool aud niue hundred aud thirty-two CBsks of tallow. The following table compiled from the Government Returns up to Januaryf 1849, shews a considerable increase on last year's amount of live stock in Port Phillip Poaland Bay district 4,233 horses, 112,166 cattle, 1,890,836 sheep; Wimtnera 649 horses, 14,569 cattle, 772,129 sheep ; Western Port 2,650 horses, 42.931 cattle, 2,133,823 sheep ; Murray 3 369 horses, 88,965 cattle, 527,639 sheep ; Gipps Land 1,070 horses, 37.985 cattle. 193,961 sheep ; Bottrke 300 horses, 63'» cattle, 3,000 sheep ; Grant 550 horses. 3.244 cattle, 57,778 sheep ; Bourke 2,000 horses, 26,t!00 cattle, 150,000 sheep ; Grant 1,(J00 horses, 10,000 cattle, 200,000 sheep. Total—15,821 horses, 336,630 catt'e, 4,949,216 sheep. There is no re turn of the amount of stock in the Settled Districts, bat from documents by us we have made a com putation which we believe to be pretty accurate. In the last three years, or from 1st January. 1846, up to 1st January, 1849, the increase has been : — Horses, 6,522 ; cattle, 104,028; sheep, 3,156,689, It must be also Temembered that smce 1846, about seven thousand tons of beef and mutton tal ow have been shipped from this province.—Daily News. VAN DIEMEN's LAND, Earl Grey does not approve of the ap pointment of a third judge. Wo shall publish Mr. Bicheno's letter in our next, and in the mean time give the conclusion of Earl Grey's remarks, " But Van Diemeo's Land is on the ece of the establishment of a representative system. This circumstance appears to afford a favourable in terval for the reconsideration of the topic of judicial reform, and for weighing whether the suggestions which his lordship has made may not be found to render this extra appointment unne cessary. But should the new Legislative Council, on fall consideration, think that the measure which his Excellency has proposed is desirable, his lordship will not repeat the objections which he now entertains to it."—Launceston Examiner, April 25th. Mr. Gregory, formerly Colonial Treasurer of Van Diemen's Land, is appointed Governor of the Bahamas. Captain Forth, formerly Director General of Roads in Van Dieinen's Land, is ap pointed President of the Council of Turks and Caicos Islands, under the Government of Jamaica. Judge Montagu is reported to have been appointed to a Puisne Judgeship in Canada.—Argus. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. The Legislative Council met on the 10th of April, and Governor Fitzgerald's speech had given great satisfaction. It is reported that the title of the Pro tectors of Natives is to be changed, and that in future they are to be designated " Guardians of Aborigines and Protectors of Settlers." A gentleman who has just returned from South Australia, informs us that when on the eve of departure from that colony, he was requested by several unemployed mechanics, who had re cently left Western Australia, to state that not only they themselves regretted leaving the Swan, and would be too glad, did the slightest induce ment offer, again to take shelter under her wings, but that they were anxious to warn all other Western Australian artisans and labourers who might contemplate leaving for Adelaide, against taking so imprudent a step.—Perth Enquirer, April 4th. The colonists are to have a representative assembly, if they petition the Home Government for it, and undertake to raise the meney now voted for their use annually by the Imperial Parliament. The uniform good conduct of the de tachment of the 96th Regiment, during their stay had been so highly appreciated by the inhabitants of Perth, that they had determined on publicly manifesting their approval of their orderly be haviour, and preparations were making to give the men and their wives a supper in the I'erth Barracks bb soon as the detachments at the out-ports had returned. The Total Abstinence Society had signified their intention of celebrating a festival previous to the departure of the detachment, many of whom are members, and had been, from its commencement, warm supporters of the Society. PORTLAND BAY. It is reported, but whether upon good authority or not, we cannot say, that another paper is to be started at Belfast, and that its manage- ment is to be entrusted to Mr. Wilson, a resident in the township.—Belfast Gazette. The Captain of the Athenian, now load ing wool at Portland for London, was fined £10 and costs, on the 1 >th instant, for having a package of tobacco on board not entered in the manifest. The Guardian attributes the omission to the de sertion of the first and second mates in Adelaide, which is highly probable. It costs just eleven-pence for the postage of a single letter between Portland and Port Fairy! The distance is, as near as may be, fifty miles. Elevenpence for conveying a single let ter fifty miles ! and it commonly takes three days in the delivery ! This ia post office despatch and economy to some purpose.—Portland Guardian. On Saturday the blank tickets in the first partition of the Bank of Australia, the property of holders resident in town, were thrown together for the purpose of being rsffied in one let, when Mr O.Turner, tailor, was declared the winner of the whole. The tickets thus gained cost upwards of one hundred pounds. -Ibid. BRITISH GUIANA. Private letters received by the last West fodia packet, from British Guiana, represent the (general state of sffiirs as very unpropitious. Scarcely any taxes were raised. None of the public officers who are not on the civil list, had been paid their quarterly salaries. A cargo of gin imported from Surinam by the Lady of the Lake scboooer, liable to duties amounting to 1900 had come into Berbich duty free The combined court, by which the taxes are imposed and appro priated, had been adjourned sine die, and every thing was consequently in the greatest confusion. As a proof of the general poverty, it is mentioned j tbat the presbyterian church of New Amsterdam, (the parish church) had only one service per formed on the Sunday, as the parochial vestry could not raise the money to light up the church i« the evening, One of the public officers writes, that uot having received his saUry, he had only a few dollars left, and was quite at a loss what to do.! The supreme court of civil and criminal justice I was on the point of sitting. There were only three prisoners for trial, and the principal business ! to be done was the bearing of insolvents, I 