LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. The meeting of the Legislative Council is further postponed to Wednesday, 5th December next. We have just learned that some of the railway tools and implements have actually arrived per Constance, not withstanding the fact that this consignment only came to the knowledge of the officers of the Railway Com- pany in Adelaide on Tuesday last. Although the Constance arrived here some days before the Himalaya, she sailed many days after her from London, and was thus enabled to bring part of what is called the con- tractor's plant, and which was capsized in the Thames, when proceeding in a barge for shipment to this pro- vince on board the Himalaya. A meeting of the shareholders of the Colonial Rail- way Company was held on Wednesday, in what is now called " the Original Railway Office," adjoining the Exchange. Forty shareholders were present, and J. B. Neales. Esq., was called to the chair, and the following resolutions were adopted unanimously :— Proposed by Captain Allen, and seconded by Mr W. H. Clarke— That tbe shareholders and scriphciders of the South Australian Rai'.wav Company team with reg-et, that an impediment hue misen to the completion ot a Railway to tbe Poit by an amalgamation with tbe London Company, and deem it expedient to proceed with the Colonial Railway Company, independent: cl the London Company. Proposed by Win. Paxton, Esq., seconded by Cspt. Alien That Messrs G. M- Waterhouse, Paxton, and Hart be nominated to act witb Messrs Giles, Montefiore, and Neales, as a committee to obtain a return of the moneys of tbe shareholders and scripholders of the South Australian Rail- way Company, paid over in anticipation ot the proposed amalgamation, and of all documents and papers connected therewith : and to consider what measures are most fit to be adopted under ibe circunostaif e.°, with a view to tbe carry ing oik the original Railway Company, and report the resnlr to a meeting of scripholdera and shareholders, within one month from this d-y. j Proposed by M. Fentherstoneh&ugb;, Esq., seconded Ly Mr White-— That tbe a~counts now produced be approved and passed, subject to tbe production of proper vouchers for the same, and that Messrs T.oline and Brovcu be asked to audit the surne. Proposed by Captain But, seconded by Mr j Allen— That tbe thanks of tne sciiphoiders and shareholders be given to Messts Elder, Giles, Montefiore, and Neaies, the gentlemen who have hitherto represented their interests for their zeni and tumble in the matter, and the satisfactory, manner in which tbey have acted in it. A communication came in yesterday from the agent of the Enterprise Mining Company at Lyndoch Valley, stating that the coarse of ore in Walter's pitch had been opened seven fathoms further north, and was then found to be quite as good as at the first shaft. The course of ore continues from four to five feet wide, and yielding from forty to fifty per cent The other pitches continue as good as before reported. A most interesting meeting took place on Thursday evening last, at the Trinity Church school-room, being the first general meeting of the South Australian Church of England Sunday School Institute, having for its object the establishment,- promotion, and ex- tension of Sunday Schools Tn connexion with that Church in this province. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide presided. There were also present the Archdeacon, the Dean, the Rev. Messrs Woodcock, Wilson, Wood, Pratt, Miller, and Allom : his Honor the Judge, and a large number of ladies and gentlemen. An abundance of tea and suitable edibles were provided for the occasion, which were partaken of by the company after grace had been sung. The meeting was kindly favoured by Mr Plumstead with some pieces of music on the seraphine. The Lord Bishop opened the business of the evening with some appropriate remarks as to the occasion which called them together, remarking that they were not without a precedent, as ho would read to them an accouut of a similar meeting in the mother-country, though on a much larger scale; there having been a monster tea-meeting, where the number present ex- ceeded 5000 friends, teachers, and children of Sabbath Schools, among whom was a nobleman and no less than seven prelates, the latter having severally preached sermons on behalf of the schools. His Lordship called upon those who had been engaged in the good work to address the meeting, and requested the Rev. Mr Wood, who had had mauy years, experience in the mother country, and lately arrived in this colony, to speak on the subject, who iu a beautiful and simple speech commented on the requirements and aids neces- sary for the efScieut working of Sunday Schools. Mr Ross, many years superintendent of Trinity Sunday School, followed, as did also the Rev. W. J. Woodcock, who spoke (as he did on a former occasion) on the small number of children attending their Sunday Schools in comparison to the number of their members, and ex- horting them to increased exertions. His Honor the Jud^e said there was a subject, rvhich had been a cause of grief to him of late, namely, the increase of crime in the colony, and hoped the efforts of those present would be exerted to tbe prevention, if possible, of this evil, by instructing the rising generation in the knowledge of that which was good. His Lordship and others in the course of the evening spoke of the benefit arising from meetings for the instruction of teachers, and some good suggestions were made on the subject of district visiting, seeking for absent scholars, and providing for the tein pdl-al and spiritual wants of the inhabitants of neglected parts of the town and country. The rules were read by the Rev. Mr Allom and a subscription list opened, lo which several came forward and contributed, for the supply of books and other necessaries. The meeting closed by signing the Doxology and the Bishop pro- nouncing the blessing. The foundation-stone of All Saints' Church, Hind- marsh, -was laid on Monday last, by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, in the presence of Lady Young and a large assembly of clergy and others. In the evening of the same day, a public meeting of subscribers was held at the temporary church, presided over by the Rev. S. P. R. Allom, Minister of the place ; when the Bishop, J Adams, Esq., of Prospect House. Dr Mayo, Mr Dench, and Mr Jay were unanimously chosen Trustees. The state of the funds was most satisfactory, and highly, creditable to the late Committee, which consisted al- most entirely of tradesmen and labouring men resident in Hindmarsh ; and the subscription list, by its number of names, showed very plainly that the people are de- sirous of having the privileges of the Church of Eng- land among them.—South --tustralian. Although the subpoenas issued in the Queen v. D'Arcy were filled up for a felonious assault, we have authority to state that they were issued before the Advocate General could have perused the depositions. The near approach of the Criminal Sessions (Tuesday next) ren- dered their immediate service necessary, as the wit- nesses were not hound over to attend the Supreme Court, as is usual when the Magistrates have sufficient confidence to decide upon the course warranted by the evidence taken before them. This twofold considera- tion of depositions—first, to instruct Justices; and se- condly, to frame the indictment—must add materially to the duties of our already over-worked Advocate General, and renders the appoinrment of a Crown So- licitor more desirable than ever. We were pleased to observe that the announcement of " Hamlet" attracted a good attendance to the Theatre on Thursday evening. The indisposition of Jacobs reduced the strength of the company by one very useful member, and increased considerably the already hercu lean labours of Lazar and Douglass. Morton King played the philosophical procrastinating Prince magni- ficently, and we would have regretted Lazar's " giving up 'he ghost" had we not been compelled to forget the wrongs of "buried Denmark," the ponderings of the Prince, the sorrows of Ophelia, and the revenge of Laertes, in the drollery of the disquisition on Crowner's quest law. Miss Lazar's " Ophelia" was a most effective performance, second only to her " Lady of Lyons." Her representation of the love-lorn maniac maiden brought moisture into many an eye, " albeit unused to the melting mood." Douglass, that Proteus who, like Lazar, attempts everything, and never fails, " Had double Toil and trouble" to drive the noodles who never succeed through the minor parts necessary to the business of the piece. On the whoie the play gave great satisfaction. At the fall of the curtain Morion King (who wjis deservedly ap- plauded throughout the evening) was loudly called for. He came forward and gracefully acknowledged the favour so liberally bestowed on him. Professor Witton's instrumental band of musicians made good their promised first performance on Thurs- day afternoon, on the ground between the Government Domain and the Native School. The performers were screened from the sun by the eucalypti so vigorously growing within the Government fence; but the conti- guity was anything but favourable to the diffusion of sweet sounds, and many of those who expected to have heard the band at a distance, and promised themselves a treat, listened in vain, and did not cross their thresholds. Mr Witton and his band were complimented by the attendance of many ladies and gentlemen in their carriages, and a number of respectable pedestrians who occupied the terrace expressed their approbation ; whilst the juveniles of every shade more loudly ex- pressed their delight. Tte Worthy Brothers Lodge of the Independent (Lon- don) Order of Oddfellows held their second anniversary diutier, at the new lod«e-room at Host Pohlman's, " Ham- burg Hotei," Rundle-street, on Tuesday evening last. M. Smith, Esq., li.led the chair, and performed the varied duties of that important office gastronorEical, oratorical, and convivial, in a style which satisfied the company, sur prised the landlord, and reflected equal credit on his own capacity and the cook's ability. Mr J. M. Solomon acted as croupier, in a manner which compels us to regret that man of so many virtues should be placed in the pice-chair. The dinner was good, the wines excellent, the conversation cheerful, the songs delightful ; and, best of all the brothers of the order were orderly, a praise that cannot be conceded to some meetings of a similar title, but which, tve regret to say, exhibit a lamentable falling off uot only^trorn what they ou^ht to be, but from what they once were. The Order to which the Worthy Brothers (happy title) belotu, differ! in many respect3 from the Manchester Unity, whose praises we have heard sun-, and. tHea cn?przt assisted to eing for many a year. Tiev have an equal desire for financial se curity, but wi'i not sacrifice " lis lore of blessed charity," Fiif the sake of parading an uccomir of this annual accu- mulations at anniversary dinners. They recp iie regular payments, when possible, bat wool I B'. orn to defraud or dtprive nto in of many yews' cantribuions for a lew week-' arridentol default. And they have never been known to send a widow or orphan begaing while there was a boarded fund ostensibly roliec'ed tot their use, out at interest. The ber.rCcial eff«ctat.-f this liberal constitution is apsuent, even ic its cuEV.viai assemblies, f's members roeu on terms of perfect equality. They would never dream of pouting a | isw lot bidding the use of the word •' brother " under any circumttancts. And at the entertainment tve ate noticing, nothing roo <1 be more joyous than the spirit that prevailed, i.oii.in,r mure gentlemanly tban the demeanour of all present, How different from a rec-nt nffiir which we could name* W« hive them in out mind's eye uow Cheering amy "Hip! hip! hurrai" " Kiphip! the Cape made them monstrously gay Chorusiug ail, " ile'fi a right good fellow I" Blending up hiccup and chirrup and bellow Every man jack of them duecedly mellow. And Wbea they had done And dropped off one by one From their chairs, overcome by this uprorious foe. Something under a score Lay stretched on the floor Enjoying sweet coccort! a unity snore. A scene we're determined to witness no more. A collection of birds, to bo seen at tho " Musical Sa- loon," is worthy of a visit not only from the ornitholo- gists, but curious colonists of every grade, especially such as desire to transmit acceptable presents to friends in England. Some of the specimens had excited the utmost admiration. We quote from the South Australian the following notice of an invention by an old, able, and practical colonist, who seems to have achieved what we have long considered a great desideratum. The only wonder is, that the attempt has not been earlier made with corresponding success. The application of mechanical power to the auger, in the way described, is especially commendable. Tho following is the paragraph alluded to :— *' We have much pleasure in announcing that a portable saw mill has just commenced operations at Mount Barker. It is the property of our old fellow-colonist, Mr John Banks Shepherdson. and is likely to be a most successful spec- litkn, os welt us a great colonial benefit. We have seen specimens of shingles, palings, battens, quartering, bonds, and posts and rails, manufactured by it, which are certainly superior to anything we have before noticed. It is of low horse power, and in addition to circular saws, works a set of upright saws, with an auger for boring posts, and is rapablr of producing 1 200 paling per day, acd about 500 posts and r*Us per dry. The mill is the invention of Mr Robert Shepherdson, and has been constructed by, him, the castings being from rhe foundry of the Messrs G. and H, Wyatt, of Adelaide." We have been favoured with a copy of Capt. Pascoe's report to the Directors of the Strathalbyn Mining Company ; and as it contains some encouraging focts touching- a highly promising and actually productive property, and the document itself is sufficiently laconic, we give it entire :— To the Directors of the Strathalbyn Mining Company. G-ntlemen—hi reporting ta you of the works and pros- prcts of tbe Strathalbyn mmes, I beg to sty we hove sunk Mary Sbait about two fathoms, and cut through the lode at the bottom, wbhh is six 'ret in width, two feet ol which is good ore. The seventeen fathom level end is driven south about thirteen fathoms through good ore ground now standing in the back and bottom of the 1- vel. Tbe lode in the bark here ie three leet wide, twelve inches ot which is copper ore i the lode in the * ottnm here is three fret wide, eighteen inches of wh eh is copper ore The lode in the seventeen fathom ievel end is rather poor for ores ar presen', and is suspended until the north end it hoh'd to Cooper's Shaft. Tbe lode in the north end is rhtee feet wide, six inches of which is copper ore. This end is drawn about six fathoms from Mary Shaft through good ore ground, eighteen inches wide, now standing in the bottom of the level. We are driving this end with four men to Cooper's Shaft, and sto- ping the back above with two men for ores. I would now recommend to continue tbe seventeen fa. thorn level end north of Mary Shift as before, and ro stops the back of the same with two men for ores, and to cosiest* the whole property to see what lodes it contains. I would recommend you, also, to build a furnace for re~ guli&ing; the ores, which could be made, on an average, forty per cent, for 45s per ton. This will make ail your ores worth you £6 per ton in the mine. The lode at tbe bottom of Arthur Seat Shaft is about two and a half feet wide, fifteen inches of which is copper ore. Our prospects are cheering. I am. Gentlemen, Your obedient servant, J B Pascoe, November 9th, 1849. Mr Blyth, one of the City Commissioners, has politely intimated to lis that the slaughter-house nuisance, to which some of the residents at North Adelaide have been temporarily subject, and of which special complaint was made in our columns on Saturday, wiii forthwith be entirely obviated, the Commissioners having determined on expending no less a sum than fifty pounds for that object. We hear that the miscreant Simpson, who threw Davis over the Hindmarsh Bridge, and for which two men are now in gaol, as accessories, was captured by the police on the other side of Gawler Town, and was last night brought into Adelaide. An inquest was held on Tuesday, November 23th, at Kooringa, before William Lang, Esq., Coroner for the Murray District, on the body of Jane Ann Snow, aged six months. It appeared from the evidence that the parents of the deceased had gone out to market on the evening of Saturday the 10th instant, leaving the deceased child asleep in the cradle, in charge of a child about eight years of age. The next door neighbour discovered the cradle to be on fire, and the child burning in the cradle. The child in whose care the deceased was left being too young to be sworn, no evidence could be given as to the origin of the fire. Dr. P. Hill, who attended the child, stated that he was called in to at- tend the deceased, whom he found to be extensively burnt on the head, face, and arms. The usual remedies were applied, but the deceased, after slightly improving gradually sank under the effects of the burns, and died on the morning of the 20th. The Jury returned a verdict of "Accidental Death," and expressed their opinion that it was highly imprudent of the parents to have left the infant in the care of such a young child. Lucy Lambert, a young woman aged 24, was. found drowned, on Saturday last, in a water-hole of the Onkaparinga River. An inquest was held on the body on the day following, and a verdict of "Found drowned'4 returned. A very respectable-looking young man, about 25 years of age, was taken out of the Torrens this morning, opposite Mr. Johnson's public-house. North Adelaide ; height about 5 feet 8 inches, dark hair, no whiskers, little hair under the chin ; about ten shillings in silver and a bunch of six keys were found in his pockets. He had on white trousers, a straw hat, black handkerchief, Blucher boots, Geneva watch No. 32714, mark on collar "George Tait, No. 4 — 1845," 