SPAIN. Intelligence has jost been received at Bayonne j of the breaking out of ai eerione Progresista move. 1 nient on the '23rd, in Upper Aragon, at Borja, situate about 20 miles from Saragossa, close to the frontier of Navarre. This outbreak has rami fications throughout Upper Aragon, and will be quickly followed by similar ones at other pointa, and the. entry into Aragon from France of a nu merous and well armed band of Progresista, re fugees, beaded by brigadier Ugarte,- late political chief of Huesca, under Espartero. I MONUMENT TO THE LATE EEV. DB. CHALMERS. A monument in memory of the late Rev. Dr. Chal mers has just been erected over the grave of that eminent divine, in the Southern Cemetery, Grange Loan, hy his family. The design of the monument is extremely simple, consisting of three massive slabs of granite, projecting from the northern walls of the cemetery, the one in the centre having the inscription, " Thomas Chalmers, D.D., L.L J)., born 1780, died 1847.*' The grave is enclosed with an elegant railing in the Gothic style.-Witness. HARROW SCHOOL, OCT. 31.-The authorities pf the far-famed seat of learning at this place having received official intelligence of her Majesty the' Qneen Dowager's wish to visit the school on this day, proper preparations were made. Her Majesty strived about twenty minutes to three o'clock, ani proceeded at once with ber numerous suite to thc speech-room, where the scholars were assembled!. Here- her Majesty begged au extra week's holiday! at Christmas, which was of course granted. Her« Majesty left for' her residence. Stanmore Prioryi amid the loyal and grateful cheers of upwards oft 300 Harrovians. ' ; TH* ATTORNEY AT THE DEATH-BED SIDE.-* Speaking of the sudden emergencies which de mand thé energies of the legal man, Mr Warren says Take ar case which I glanced at in a> former lecture ; your being sent for in haste, toj prepare the will of some one suddenly seized with' mortal illness, or who has suffered some dreadful accident, hurrying him to a premature deaths-bed. I It may be a person of great wealth, whose pro» I perty, both real and personal, is in a complicated ; condition-whose business transactions aré exten sive and intricate-who has a large family to pro vide for. He is suddenly bidden by the Suprem^ Disposer of events to turn his pale face to the wail. H*ste 1 Haste ! Life ia ebbing fast sway ; bis family are weeping around him ; but be ia waiting for-is thinking of-you, in his agonjs and alarm ; he has but an hour or two-it may be less time to live ; he has, with fatal imprudence, delayed making his will till this terrible moment, and you are now summoned, as the nesreBt pro« fessional man accessible. Writing materials are st hand ; the medical man has ominously whis pered that you have not a moment to lose ; and be leaves you for a while with his dying patient. As you look on him-as you listen to him-are yon: flustered and bewildered? Does your ill-regulated turbid mind fail to follow your unhappy elient, so that you do not distinctly perceive his intentions and wishes- intelligible though they really are for the disposition of his property ? do you feel a sickening consciousness that you cannot carry them into effect ; or do you, perhaps, imagine that you can, when you really cannot? You draw up, however, a document, professing to secure the in terests of many tenderly- beloved children, and other dear afflicted beings dependent upon the testator, and their very sobbings may be audible to you. Having caused that instrument to be executed, yon quit the apartment, assuring yonr client, almost at the last gasp, that as far as re gards biB worldly affairs, he may die in peace ; and you depart with his feeble thanks in your ears, the pressure of his feeble fingers on yours ; and yet, the instant the will comes into operation, it explodes, as it were, like a shell, shattering every interest which it touches ! It plunges everybody and. everything into inextricable con fusion ; involves those whom your poor client best loved in ruinous, and sometimes malignant and' interminable, litigation ; your blonder is pro: claimed, canvas&ed;, and vainly sought to be rec tified, io court after court of law and equity ; you are unable to bear the agonising, but unavailing reproaches of those on whom your ignorance or incapacity has entailed such lamentable evils Ton dare not go near the grave of him whom you have so dreadfully deceived and wronged ! Warren on Attorneys and Solicitors. WBYHILL FAIR-MONDAY, OCT. 16.-In closing our report of this the largest fair in England for sheep, hops, cheese. &c.;, we may observe, that it has been one of the largest aa to the number of persons present for many years past, the fine wea ther during the first and last days drawing thou sands upon pleasure as well as business. On Toe sday the sheep were disposed of at high rates, and many more would have found purchasers, had there been 50,000 more brought free from lame ness. The hop fair began dull, but finished with a good clearance, although at low prices. Towards the close of the last day none were left but of the very worst description. A few lots held by par ties who stuck to then* first demand, were taken from the hill,-and stored until a h gb. price could be obtained. So cheap were the discoloured and poor Kent and Sussex hops, that several large growers were content to take 50s per cwt., some even as low as 40s to 45s do. Out of 6020 pockets first brought to the fair, there are not more than 760 unsold- about 550 indifferent county and Farnham, and 150 good, which are held bark by growers asking more than they could get for them Most of the London factors left on Saturday, there being but lour or five offices open this day, to sell by sample ; a few purchasers were to be seen se lecting some of the finest Kents at from £3 5s to £4 per cwt., and Sussex at £3 8s to £3 15s do. In the country tow abont 400 pockets were sold at from (3 15B to £4 4s per cwt., leaving about 300 yet to be disposed of. In the Farnham row 364 pockets went off this day, and about the same num ber unsold. The prices given to-day for the best Farnhams were from £5 to £5 I Os per cwL, mode rate dd. £4 to £4 10s do. Cheese-The cheese lett from Saturday Were "again offered this day, and a fe w tons sold at abont the prices given last week. Those left unsold will be removed to Winchester fair mis week. Horses.--There were 'still more horses than usual on the last day of this fair. There were a few buyers of agricultural strong .animals, at reduced prices. Very few of any other 'sorts «bld. . v __ ^ _ JZ -LIVB FXATHBRS.-An editor telís a good suwy of his peregrinations " down south." ile was a y<mng lawyer in attendance upon corni, and the village where the coutt was held was thronged to' overflowing. Having with some difficulty, how ever, procured a bed. he jumped into it ; but be j was out again in almost no time. " What kind of bed do you call this?" said he to the negro, who j officiated as master of the ceremonies. "Feather bed, massa." ««Feathers ! I should think it con tained ectire Chickens." " Can't be dat ere fifty doll'r nigger. Sam, trow de chtck'n in ?" mur mured the waiter, dubiously, as he proceeded to insinuate his hand into the course bagging tick. " Squash if he habn't tho' !" said he, as lie pulled forth a partly-picked booster, 'fl tole destnpid jack-behind dis morn, when he was featherin' chick'ns for dinner, to empty de feathers in de fuss class beds, to 'prove de kerwality; and de blind bat oberlook de chick'n ! In de hurry ob busi ness, massa,*' he continued, in apolegetie tone, " desehere little accidnmscant -alwisbe*vided We heb a dozen niggers trimmin* chick'ns all de time,-and 'casicnally a foot or head am oberlook'd in de tedders, when we put 'um 'way in de beds; but dis /ere are de fust time 1 eber found a boll cb irk'n !"-American paper: POLITICAL ?>XM.-Reader did it ever occur to you that when the glorious dawn of the millenium shall burst forth upon your astonished vision, when the pillars of the earth shall be upheaved, and creation shall lock upon its broad basis ; when the stars shall "shoot madly from their spheres," and when yon orb of day, as he rolls on in his me ridian splendour, shall involve the nations of the earth in one general conflagration-we say, did it ever occur to yon that, amid this " wreck of matter and this crash of worlds**-when Heaven's last thunder shall shake this sublunary sphere-that you can smile undismayed o'er its rains, consoled by the pleasing reflection that yon once voted foi Casi and Butler ?-'Mitwippi paper. * ANECDOTE OF BISHOP BARRIXCTON.-A yoong relative apprised the Bishop of his intention of taking holy orders ; not that he liked tile Church as a profession, but because from the Bishop (as his near relative, and having much splendid pre ferment at his disposal). be might naturally expect a benefice. " In truth," returned the Prelate, in reply to this frank avowal, " the expectation is not unreasonable. We are closely connected, and I have much in my gift. What would content yon?" " From you, my Lord," rejoined the young Oxo nian, frankly, " nothing under a living of six hundred a year." You shall have that provision for life, out of the Church, not in i*- That income . shall be assigned to you from my private resources. . God forbid that I should be accessory to any man's taking holy orders from sordid motives! the stipu lated provision is yours; but, mark me, on this condition, that you remain a layman.'* SHARP PRACTICE - On Saturday last, the 28th ult., the poor rate collector of the Longford Union had occasion to lay a distress for non-payment of his rate on some stacks of oats, the property of a Mr Farren, of Tarmonbarry. The coadjutor of the parish, the Rev. Mr Farrell, and brother to the defaulter, on hearing of the affair, went to the lands to remonstrate with the collector. Having alighted from his horse to visit the family, it was -immediately seized upon by the coiieetor and sold for the poor rates. The Reverend gentleman en deavoured to prevent the sale, but he was told that he had no redress, as «tl the property fnnnrl tm 'thr premises was subject to the poor rates.-Westmeath Guardian* Nov. 2. MR MACREADY IN AMERICA-We witnessed last evening, -villi great pleasure, a repetition «f, ^Mr Macready's Hamlet We have no oecaskmto( Qualify in the slightest degree the high praise we j have before bestowed upon the impersonation. The actor masters the grand difficulty which -very few are able to master-to preserve a nice yet palpable íáistinctión between the madness Hamlet is forced to smrulate for the purposes of bis great revenge, $Bd the real frenzy to -which be is wrought up by 'íbe' melancholy tendency of his-own mind, the É&itsof; his father's ghost, and the fesrfel dis closures which " harrow up his soul." In Mr Macready's delineation there is^s»eonfusiou of the real with the feigned-no slipsftod reading to per plex the sense, and, we must in justice add, none of that claptrap extravagance that has been charged upon him in the part. If we were to take excep tion at all, it would be to an over precision, although ?fach aa exception might be unjust, as in Hamlet, «ibre iban in any other of Shakspeare's characters, :|n-ecision is most absolutely essential, as it is the ose in which, least of alL an intelligent audience jean tolerate that roughness and unevenness which may be easily overlooked in characters requiring ja lower standard of art for their delineation. We cannot attempt to instance any portions of the part evincing more especial merit than the others. The death-scene, as are all Mr Macready's death-scenes, was strikingly impressive and beautiful.-New York Herald. Oct. 22. 