MISCELLANEOUS. OBEYiNG Orders. While lying in a southern port some years since, the master of a vessel smoked her out, for the purpose of destroying the rats. The next morning about a dozen of these long-tailed gentry were found and brought on deck. The fat and sleek appearance evinced that they had been will cared for by themselves, if opt by others. The steward came aft, and, pointing to the heap, inquired of the captain what should be done with them, " Done with them?" responded the captain, who was a sort of a wag, why make them into a stew." Nothing more was said by either party on the subject at the time. Several gentlemen had been invited on board to dine on squirrels, which the captain and a friend, who was a very good marks- man, had " barked " the day before. Dinner was served up in good style, and (he appetites of all did justice to the fare, most of the party preferred them made into a stew to almost any other way. " Steward," exclaimed the captain, as he was changing the dishes preparatory to setting on the pastry, " can't you give me such a stew to-morrow? You know there are some of the squirrels left." " Didn't make dut out of squirrels, sir," replied the African, with a hesitating attempt to smile, but which was kept back by a slight tremor. " What then ?" inquired the captain quickly. " Why, sir, oh de rats you ordered me." The Great Panther CASE. Every body has seen sitting in the windows of the purveyors to the Fine Arts, a white Pariah lady taking an outing on a white Parian panther, and presenting altogether a very pretty pair of figures. This group has been lately the subject of litigation between a gentleman who wished to put the design on a jug where it was thought, notwithstanding the panther's) very formidable mug, true object would have been very appropriate The question turned on the likeness or non- keness of the panther to nature; and, as a real panther could not be produced in Court, the evidence was necessarily of a secondary character. Several witnesses spoke to the point in dispute ; but, as in proofs of handwriting it is usual to ask, " Did you ever see the part) write?" So, in reference to the position of the panther, it would have been necessary to inquire of a witness, "Did you ever see a panther carrying a lady pickaback V The plaintiff ought to have subpoenaed our old friend the panther from the Surrey Zoological; or, perhaps the stuffed animal from the British Museum, being more capable of feminine endorsement, might have afforded more direct evidence of verisimilitude than the living creature without his burden. There would have been some difficulty in leads ing such a witness as the father; and, indeed, to put him in the box at all would have been a grand effort of usher ship. In a celebrated horse case, it will be remembered one of the parties failed because he did not produce the horse; and, by a parity of procedure, the plaintiff might, we think, have been called upon to produce his panther Punch. Madrid, March 6.-The anecdote of the Queen's mysterious appearance in a course, at the Countess de Montijo masked ball, and her charming, erudite, and witty displays on that occasion, which has been going the round of the journals here, is a mis-statement from beginning to end, as everybody in Madrid knows It is true that Isabel's 11, who has a taste for disguising herself, even out of the carnival season, when the prosecution of some love intrigue induces her to dress and Marie went to the Countess's entertainment in a domino, and behaved in such a wild, unbecoming manner, as to put to the blush the noble hostess, who, in common with all her guests, reorganised the "Merry Monarch the moment she appeared, for the simple reason that it was previously known she would pay them a visit'. An eye-witness of her conduct describes it to have been most shameless. Accompanied by a lady of the Court, and closely masked, she promenaded the apartments, followed by a crowd of men, jabbering bid French and Italian, and exchanging high-sea- soned repartees with them. Sometimes she would catch hold of the arm of one of the hangers-on, and make him walk or dance with her until another caught her fancy. Of course, every one pretended not to know her. This disgraceful scene continued several hours, and it was not until daylight that the degene- rate descendant of Isabel the Catholic retired to her palace. Morning Post. Australia in Wants. There are three great wants to be supplied in Australia, without which the country can be only semi-civilised, in spite of an European race planted on scenes of abounding plenty. These wants are wives, clergy- men, schoolmasters, social, religious, educational influences. We put the wives in the first place, because millions expended on preaching and teaching will be but as water poured on sand, until the lonely dwellers in the deserts of pastures, are placed under the influence of the sex whose mission it is to soften and purify the heart of the white man. The bishop, accustomed to English schemes, English Churches, and English congregations, was evidently somewhat disheartened by the dispersion of his fl kick over so vast an extent of country ; but, when he becomes more accustomed to the nature of the country which he has-been called to take under his charge, he will see Lss room Lr despondency. With the town populations he will know how to deal ; piety and eloquence, (a very necessary gift in an infant commu- nity) will meet their reward, and the in- fidelity of indifference will S'or. yield before judicious, earnest, persevering ci i for But our thoughts are with the shepherd and the stockman in the wil energetic. " Far from the sound of the ' church-going bell to whom the face of the man of God is unknown, the 8th- j bath brings no day of rest to him to wife soothes, cheers, and softens his rude nature-no the beyond attachment to his master, binds him to any one spot." - Sydney's Emigrant Journal. Serfdom and Agriculture in Russia The Serfs qr peasants in Rus- ' sia are yet in a state of slavery, and are now as literally the property of the master as the English labourer was GOO years ago. It is difficult to conceive such a state of things in a country so is near us. In numbers, those serfs are computed at from 43,000,000 to 45,000,000, nearly one-twentieth of the whole world a population, or double that of the United Kingdom. Of these rather more than one half are still serfs of private individuals, the rest are serfs of the Crown. The condition of the self is no better than the negro slaves of Havannah or Carolina. His master can sell him, he can strip him of his property, he can separate families.', he eau torture him to death.*J£So great has become the apathy of the self in many places, that he may be seen scratching up the soil with a plough like the prongs of a pitchfork the cloud which he turns over cover- ing a ridge of its own breadth, and thus, whilst the surface of the ground is untouched, making the whole look' brown, which seems to satisfy him. When he has done his day's work, he climbs on the back of his horse, holds up the plough on to his shoulders, and joy homewards. In others, he sets' fire patches of forest, ploughing between li stumps, utterly exhausting the land 1 as many crops as it will bear, and the abandoning it. Myriads of acres of a neglected land are richer than the soil i Lincolnshire, and yet the serfs often perish from starvation. The most northern part of this region has a spirit 'son of 1,800,000 inhabitants, or four t a square mile; the central region of wool marsh, and arable land, has a populace of 40,000,000, or thirty to a square mile and, lastly, in Southern Russia, i 400,000 square miles, we have a population of 16,000,000, or less than twenty eight to a square mile, in the opinion of men conversant with agriculture an acquainted with the two countries, the whole of this middle region of Russia might be rendered as productive as the soil of Belgium, which numbered, man years ago, 300 inhabitants to the square mile. If this middle region alone were properly cultivated, it would amply supply the wants of 325,000,000 people. Effects of imprisonment The physician of the Auburn State Prison re ports that, from a careful investigation of convicts under a long term of imprisonment, he has been irresistibly led at the conclusion, that five years is the longest term which a convict can pass i confinement and be restored to the world with " a sound mind in a sound body." The mind like the body, in the absence of proper exercise, loses its ton and strength. Convicts despair of " see ing out a long sentence." He think that after long terms it would be more merciful to retain them for life than to return them to the world, incapable c self-control. 227 of the prisoners, h says, confess their guilt ; 225 deny it 256 think they have benefited by th imprisonment.. Among the occupa- tons.' of those sentenced to Auburn, find 16 sportsmen, 10 speculators ; 1 ii 3 Rre unable to read ; 1 in 2 left, or ever deprived of home before they were six teen years of age. Mr. Macauley's History, in type arrangement, and even punctuation, precisely similar to the English edition, has been published in America, at the price of Is. 6d. per volume. Philpotts of Exeter, and Mr. Shore \-- The following is reported as the true statement by the Rev. Dr. Smyth of the case of Mr. Shore. It is worth reading as illustrative of the causes of the rapid increase of dissent throughout England Philpotts and his followers are finishing with inconceivable rapidity, the Church Establishment in England, Mr. Short was for fifteen years an ordained minister of the Church of England. He was: curate of Berry Panerey, when the Bishop of Exeter entered upon his diocese in the year 1830. Mr. Shore discharged the duties of his curacy for two years thereafter, having been transferred to a chapel in the same parish, erected by the Duke of Somerset, which, however, although licensed according to the due ecclesiastical order, was never con- secrated, or formally and exclusively set apart to religious worship, in connection with the Church of England. The vicar of the parish, Mr. Edwards, nominated Mr. Shore to his new living, and he commenced his duties with the full sanction of the Bishop. In 1884, Mr. Edwards died, and was succeeded by Mr. Brown and Mr. Shore continued minister of the same shape all the year 1843\. That was a memorable year for Mr. Shore, and for many others as well as him. Many of us have good reason to remember it. But let that pass. In the year 1843, Mr. Brown, the vicar, gave way to Mr. Cousins, who exchanged places with him. And then the Bishop informed Mr. Shore, for the first time, that he must be nominated anew, by the vicar who had just been appointed, in order to his continued services. Imme- diately after the appointment of Mr. Cousins, Mr. Shore was declared no longer officiating minister of the chapel at Bridgetown. And I am sorry to add, sir, that in this part of the history, the Bishop of Exeter seems to have acted in a way that is not very creditable to his Christian integrity. In a letter addressed to Mr. Shore, he lays the odium of ejecting him at the doors of the new vicar, although it is confessed the vicar was acting under the direct authority of the Bishop in that transaction, and simply fulfilling his pleasure. I shall not dwell on these proceedings. Suffice it to notice briefly what afterwards took place. Mr. Shute was commanded to desist from preaching in the parish of Berry Panerey. The chapel in which he had officiad for nine years was shut. The vicar did not nominate a successor, for this plain reason, that the chapel belonged to the Duke of Somerset and that nobleman came to Mr. Shore's rescue in the dark and cloudy day. He stood in the breach resolved that he would protect as far as possible, an injured servant of the Lord Jesus Christ. Mr. Shore naturally enough felt that a system which admitted such proceedings was, to say the least of it, not a little vulnerable. He examined carefully his new and most trying position. He felt that it was one which his Great Master did not approve that he was bound to fulfil his high commission to preach the gospel to every creature, whether men would hear or whether they would for- bear. That duty he could no longer fulfil without let or hindrance within the Church of England. He therefore. ceased to be' a minister of that church, and became a nonconformist, declaring all the words "of, his life as God gave him opportunity, Th chapel in which he had laboured was duly registered as a Protestant Dis. senting chapel, under the authority is the proprietor. Mr. Shore, in the course of a fortnight' afterwards, was: duly registered as a Nonconformist minister, having signed the terms demanded by the Act of Toleration. In ignorance probably, of the technical rules laid down by the canon law, he had preached for a Sabbath or two on his own responsibility, before he had formally seceded from the Established Church. That very pardonable offence was laid hold of as proving his disobedience to ecclesiastical authority. It was a mistake, and as such it was speedily rectified. I refer to it, not on account of any intrinsic importance which it possesses, but as a part of the case, and that its whole bearings may be fully understood. We have been, at this stage, Mr. Shore a duly registered Nonconformist minister, re- joicing, even amidst tribulation, that he had been counted worthy to suffer for Christ's name's sake. Would not any man have imagined that even within the diocese of Exeter, Mr. Shore was at liberty to preach the gospel of the grace of God to proclaim his Divine Master's will to all who were disposed to hear it from his lips is How passing strange that his secession from the Church of England occasioned by no fault ever imputed to him-no heresy in doctrine -no immorality in life-nothing that the most lynx-eyed enmity could have detected as evil should have been visited with pains and penalties ! Yet, so it was. This ejected minister is admonished' by the Bishop in regard to his breach of order in preaching without a license. He is summoned before a clerical commission to give an account of his misdeeds, The appeals from a jurisdiction which he had conscientiously ejected, after he had formally protested against its right to sit in judgment on his case. The next step was a citation of Mr. Shore before the Court of Arches, and there he appeared, protesting against the right they had to deal by him. He was cast in that court, and enjoined to pay all costs. He carried his case accordingly to the Court of Queen's Bench, and there again he must suffer for his change of views. According to the decision of the presid- ing judge, Mr. Shore could not cease to be a clergyman of the Church of England, having promised canonical subjection, at his ordination, to ecclesiastical superiors: Read the law. As his last resort he goes to the judicial committeee of Privy Council, who read Mr. Shore to the court from which he had taken his appeal, and a bill is brought against him for bishop's costs. It is not deemed sufficient that he should defray all his own costs. Them he is willing to pay, nay, has paid, to the uttermost farthing. But he must also pay the costs of the very man who had been the main, and, in one sense, the sole agent of all his sufferings and privations. And more than this suppose that Mr. shore had felt it his duty, and had possessed the revenue which enabled him to meet these heavy demands he is even after all obnoxious to pains and penalties, to imprisonment as a felon, for daring to preach the gospel of Christ contrary to the commands of the Bishop of Exeter. It is a complete misconception of the merits of this case to say that Mr. Shore is a sufferer merely from contempt of any court, civil or ecclesiastical. In strict legal form he may be regarded as a prisoner in Exeter Gaol, because of his non-payment of costs in a suit between himself and his former bishop. -This is a very convenient mode of disguising the actual condition of things. But such shallow and insidious explanations will not satisfy any man who is determined to look at the case in all its length and breadth, is it not plain to demonstra- tion that the head and front of Mr. Shore's offending is his presuming to minister in holy things in defiance of the Bishop of Exeter? Why, sir, but for this, there would be no case before us this evening. Had Mr. Shore tamely consented to keep silence, instead of exercising the functions of the Christian ministry, he would have escaped all costs, and would not have been this evening confined within the walls of a prison. He might have had liberty, so far as his liberty was concerned, but he would have been released the ennobling distinction of being the prisoner of Jesus Christ, a brother of tribulation with many of those who esteemed the reproach of Christ greater riches than all-the treasures in Egypt. Our afflicted friend possesses one mark of apostolical succession, which the Bishop of Exeter, who is so zealous an advocate of that doctrine, would do well to ponder. He is following up, sir, that which is believed of the sufferings of Christ, as a genuine successor of Paul the prisoner, and of many others of that great cloud of witnesses, like-minded with Paul in his memorable experience, when he could thus appeal to the elders of the church at Ephesus-" And now, behold I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing things that shall befall me there ; save that the Holy Ghost, which witnessed in every city, says that affec- tions abide me." I envy neither the heart nor the head of the man who, to conciliate ears polite, would hesitate to express publicly in the words of his motion his just indignation and abhorrence of the intolerant and cruel pro ceedings whereby Mr. Shore is at this moment a prisoner in Exeter Gaol. 