TASMANIA AND VICTORIA STEAM NAVI- GATION COMPANY.-The provisional con I ittee of this projected company, now in course of formation, has reserved one half of the shares for allotment on this side of the Straits, and Mr. Reeves has been appointed agent for thesale of shares. We shall give full infurmation respecting the c.ompany, in our ex'., HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.-A prelimi- nary meeting of a number of gentlemen desirous of procuring the establishment of a botanical garden, and in connection there with, the formation of a horticultural so- ciety, met on Tuesday afternoon last, at Mack's Hotel, when the primary arrange- ments for carrying out these objects were made, and a committee appointed to carry on the requisite correspondence with the government, and to take such further steps as may be necessary to the accomplish- ment of both purposes. It is proposed that the reserve at present known as the Botanical Garden reserve should be re- tained as a mere park or pleasure ground, and that the avenues of trees should ex- tend southward to the top of the hill, thence across on the south side of the churches, to the back of the gaol and hos- pital, and thence to the bay. The situation of the Botanical Gardens to be hereafter determined upon. The following were the resolutions adopted at the meeting: Moved by the Rev. Mr Collins, second- ed by Mr Nantes, 'That it is the opinion of 'this meeting, that an attempt be made to form Botanical Gardens, in connection with, and under the influence of a Horticultural Society, to be established in this town, and to be called the Geelong Horticultural So- ciety.' Moved by Mr Gregory and seconded by Dr. Hope, ' That with a view to carry out the ob- jects of the foregoing resolution, the fol- lowing gentlemen be appointed a Com- mittee to correspond with his Honor the Superintendent upon the subject of a grant of land, and aid from the govern- ment, and also to frame rules and regu- lations to obtain the objects in view, viz. The chairman, Rev. Mr Collins, Rev. Dr. Macartney, Dr.Baylie, Mr Sheppard, Dr.Thomson, Mr Timms, Mr Gregory, and Dr. Hope.' The cargo of the "Apollo," sold yester- day by Messrs Hill and Hitchins, realised the following prices: Quartering and joists, 8s 6d, battens, 10s; boards, 11s; laths, 7s 4d; shingles, 12s 6d; 5 feet paling, 11s 10½d; 6 feet, 18s. At Messis Hill and Hitchins' weekly produce sale, held yesterday at the Stores of Mr William Roope-13 bales scoured wool, fetched lld ; mutton tallow, £25 15s per ton ; sheep skins, firou 3d to -lAd per lb. SHocK so ISSTSACE OF FEM.ALE DEP-i vITr.-On Monday afternoon information was brought to the watch-house that an aged female in a dreadful state of intoxi cation, while crawling on her hands and knees through a mud-hole in the gully, had become imbedded in it, and without assistance was tendered she would not be able to extricate herself. A constable was immediately despatched to the spot, where, on arriving, he found the woman in the state described, so helpless from intoxica tion that she had to be lifted from the mud and carried bodily to the station house. The appearance of the woman, her clothes literally caked with mud, her face in nearly the same state,unable either to stand or speak, was a sight of deplo rable wretchedness, truly melancholy to witness. The old womian was taken be fore the magistiates the following morn ing, when she was permitted her liberty on the payment of a fine of five shillings only. The name she gave was Mary Shaugnessy. TmIiGS TEEror.L.-We perceive the juvenile Teetotalers are to hold a tea meeting on Tuesday evening next in the Father Mathew's Hall after which the ' feast of reason'in the shape of speeches and recitations, by young candidates for oratorial honours. Let teetotal boys of a larger growth say what they please against strong walers, it is evident that were it not for the "ardent spirit" of these juveniles, teetotalism here would give up the ghost. CoMI:rTTAL.-Charles Pemberton, who was committed from this court on Saturday last, to take his trial at the Supreme Court, on suspicion of being concerned with a man named Clifford in a street rob bery, was liberated on Mlonday, bail hav ing been put in for his appearance when called for. POLICE OFFICE.-On Tuesdayone charge of drunkenness was the whole of the bus inesss which occupied the attention of the bench. Yesterday the police sheet ex hibited a still greater blank, not asolitary charge being down for hearing. THE FIRST OF THE SEASOn.-Two dray loads of wool arrived in Geelong yes terday morning from the locality of the Pyrenees. This was a portion of the regular season's clip. Other wool had previously been brought into town, but had been shorn off necessarily from flocks which were scabby, the dressing of which it was considered expedient nut to delay. AcCIDENT FRinO TIHE BURSTING OF A GuN.-A servant in the employment of Mr Fenwick, on Tuesday last while firing offa gun at a bird, which had lodged on the carcass of a pig he had a short time previously slaughtered, had his hand nearly blown off fiom the barrel bursting. The medical attendant who was called in immediately after the 'occurrence, of the accident, at first considered that the op eration of amputation would be necessary, but tne severe wounds received are at present progressing so favourably, that he now anticipates an ultimate recovery, without recourse to an operation. IM Iruar. BESrFIT LvESTIExT SOCIETY. -A meeting of persons interested in the formation of this proposed Society, was assembled in Mr M'Gillivray's room, on 'Tuesday, in accordance with previous public notice. Mr Parramore was called to the chair. Mr Riddle read an abstract of his calculations which were intinded to show the advantages such a form of So ciety he proposed to carry out would confer. It was then proposed, seconded, and carried, that the Society be formed, after which an adjournment was ptoposed, the next meeting to be held on Tuesday next, at Mr Riddle's, Fitz Roy Hotel. Mr Riddle distributel amongst the meeting a number of his printed calculations, when the meeting separated, Esrmi Ilosses,-We are informed it is the intention ofsome of the owners of en Stire horses to shew them in town, we know of several which will be here on Tuesday week, perhaps some others will take the hint and shew their cattle here at the same time. SNARaow scAp, oF Fi?v Lives P ot I WVITF.R GRave.-On Friday last, during the fearful hurricane which passed over Geelong at about one o'clock in the after noon, Captain Leigh, of the barque S" William," lying off Point Henry, and four of his crew were thrown into the water by the long boat they were in being capsized from the violence of the hurricane. The boat immediately tilled with water and sunk to the bottom, leaving the captain and his men nothing to trust to for their lives but their own exertions in keeping themselves above water by swimming, which providentially they were able to do until the accidpnt being perceived by the crew remaining on board the vessel, a boat was put off to their assistance and arrived in time to save the whole of them, who were picked up completely exhausted anid despairing of their lives. The boat has not yet been recovered. TiE NrW JAIL.-The foundation of this new erection is rapidly progressing. All the required excavations have been dug out and the stonemasons are busily emnployed at the stone for the gtound work. The area of ground to be occupied for the different erections connected with the jail will not be much less than a acre. AD.nERTistXG ExTRAOROINARv.-The fol lowing very outre advertisement appears in the Perth Gazette, (Swan River) of the 6th July. By the way we do occasionlly read some very singular advertisementsi and most extraordinary intelligence in the journals of this isolated, totally neglected, and almost unknown colony. It was only a month or two back we read agovernment advertisement, calling for tenders for the supply of one re:m of qfols can super and a I ele-inch rnder; and in a local paragraph, Swan Iiver.readers were informed that a Mr Somebody (we forget who now) was too indisposed onl Sunday last to attend church as usual. Here is the specimen alluded to above; "NorTcE-I, Mahomet, have been saving monev since the year 1841; lost by Mr Cooke's fire in 1815, in goods, bedding, &c.;, £2-, and £3 in cash, which I, Maho met, would have thought nothing of; in 1817 I lust S cows and one heifer calf, which cost me 130, which I think nothing of also, as he who has not got cannot lose. This year, 18-19, find my case very hard, caused by lookhain John: he came over the hills and told parties that I was in debt, and it cost me £22 in going back wards and forwards to prove to the conttiay. When I returned over the hills, I received a message from a girl called " Money," by a party whom I asked what she wanted? and I told the party that- I would see her by 11 o'clock next day, which I did, and then she told me she, wanted a home, but I told her I was en gaged to Mr Cooke for a term, after when I wiould make her a home. After a few days she left her place, and appointed a day, and promised to be my wife; and I bought her dresses, shawls (£4 or _ 5 a piece), silk handkerchiefs, &c.;, &c.;, amounting to £20 in bank notes. Nos? this is to inform the said " Money," that she is flashing about with my property, bought with my money, on condition thtat she became smy wife and made mte a, comfortable home; and the said " Money": has run away with my property, even to imy very blankets! I have spent besides £23 on other goods, fruits, wines, &c.;, which property she ought to return, as it does not belong to her; and besides, I h:ve lost my master's property in going after you. I reckon my loss altogether at £71, all through you, iwhich is a great loss for a laboring man, and is all lost by cheating and. roguery. I have lost IS19, I hope I shall not lose 1850.-AnniLi.Aitl lMAIOSIT. Northam, June 26, 1819." D.scussioN CLAs..-Thi cdrs.; which hbas lately been formed in connecisin wish the Mechianics' Institu;r, and h s already el ru.led a large number if members, treets again t i-morrow (Friday) evening, at seven o'clock, uhen the fillowing question is to form the subject of debate: - Whether are bul ling societies canculated to benefit the inhab ton:s of towns in t'hi province; and can they be proved to benefit the richer classes of t,e shareholders to the preju. dice of thos; of lmore limited means." The que. ton forms subject matt-r for intet esting discussion, aR;d on e on which most: persons have already formed an opinion, and have somethirg to advance, e t'er in favor ofor ;goinst them. By the rules of the class. aiy member belonging to the Iiti'ute m'y be present at the meeting and record their v te, but members of the class alone are permitted to speak. CurTlso Tilnua ON GEVERMEST LAN., In reply to quest-ons which have been put to us by several parties is tererted in the met er, rtquestiun t, be inlormed whose du y it is to I.revent persons fruo felina. timber on crown lands in the neighbour hood of Geeorg, we beg to 'tote that the. Commiisioner of crown lands for the dis trict of Grant holds the restraining au thority; but it can hardly be expected that he is to ride about to watch for offenders of this character If he has not a sullicient number of subordinates under Iis conm mand, the poser he is entrusted with in this particular. mihtb as well hLve teen; withheld. It is not correct to suppuse tlat: the police magistrate for the town of Gee long has any aut' o:ity in the matter. i s jurisdiction is loca', and dues nat exteund beyond the boundicies ol tie tLuwu. 