THE AUSTRALIA FELIX MAGAZINE. THE CORIO CHRONICLES REVIEW REVIEWED. Poloniui — Do you know me my Lord ? Hamlet — Exceflent well, you're fishmonger. SiuaxrsiBX. Rradeas of the Fort PAiZiip Gazette / We are going to descend for once, from our magisterial bench, to amuse you with a few elegant -extracts from that erudtfe journal 'vclept the tTorto Chronicle. It seems that our notice in the Gazette, of the New Msgaxine, has not been over pleasing to the literary paragon <Jf the GArovtiefe; well, let «s compere notes, and test the beauties of the Corio incomparable. First — In the commencing paragraph he (the Editor) has favored us with two sen tences— one containing only eleven lines ! — and another only eighteen lines of mortal black letter ! !— Shades of old Liodley, Blair, and Kaimes, what think you of this ? What terseness and perspicuity of stylo ! But let us make a transcript of the eighteen line sentence— It Is really a gem in its way. Here it is— A review of 'he eventi tbst are passing a' home, and in F.urope generally, not only immediately affecting the interests of this colony in particular, but al>o as a portion of (he British family, If prescnled in a judici ously condensed and regularly continuous connection, would cot only afford s very gratifying source of entertainment and tn- fonzutioB to ? xzmcensas «4assxff waders ef mature age aod rxperierzee, bat would hsve a most beneficial effect oo tbe minds of the rising generation, who have generally, even amongst those that ought to be the bt in formed amongst u, not cren a superficial kuowlodge of any of the events in the old world, which are so rapidly bringing about a revolution in the social and moral condi tion of man." Now, tbe above may be all very fine ; but for the life of us, we cannot conceive, the meaning of this monster sentence. "Amongst those that ought to be tbe best informed amongst est" Excellent critic 1 In reviewing the " Introduction" (bv the editor) of tbn Magazine, the elegant writer of the Coria Chronicle treats his readers to a most extraordinary dissertation, What a review of "Tbe Introduction" had lo do with " Mahomet, Doctor Puscy, the Bishop of Exeter, of Baptist Noel, nr of Robert Owen." is quite unconceivable to our simple faculties ; and equally obscure Is the tirade aboot " The Refugee of Gaeta, — The Pope, Mahomet again, the Councils of the British Sorereign, Mr. D'fjfaeli, Lord John Manners, Mr. Hutdp or Mr. Cobden, Lord John Russell, and " Saxon Hogs! M ' Curious association oT ideas this I Very ? But mark what Tollowi : — "Reginald Front de Bauf, Mr. Dennpy's boiling down system, and Queen Victoria, (God bless her).1 Ha 1 hn ! ! ha ! ! 1 Admirable reviewer 1 What a pity that Edmimd Bourke had not lived to see- bk beautiful little treatise on " the sublime and beautiful"— so far out-Heroded by the in comparable reviewer of the Corio Chronicle ! Bat pass we on to some other matchless beauties of literature. Here they are t " We do oot aay read the Argue review, it is too savage. But do road the Pert Phillip Gazette, its review will amuse yoa. h is surely the ghost of the Magaxine, Itself reviewing its own material being. Or it is tbe genius of the new era which tbe Magaxine is to introduce.' Excellent re viewer 1 u Tbe ghost of a live Magaxine reviewing its own material being." Alas ! we regret that we nrast call this passage by its proper name, and that is— rtarknot&mM.; Again our review "is the genius of the new era which the Magaxioe is to introduce" Elegant grmmarian of tbe Chronide. u Tbe Argue review is too savage." Is it I but u the genius of tbe new era is surpassingly magnificent ; we do Dot recollect reading anything at all comparable to this. Certainly, nothing in our review Is by any means parallel to this egregious balderdash— that Is tbe proper name for It — though we do regret tbe use of It, To conclude our review of tbe " Qtrio CAroniris review," we must admit the can dour of the notioe cinder tbe beading of! " Tbe Bridal Victim," u We sttgpOM the verses are good," says tbe critic, " but, alas 1 we know as little of metrical merit ! of poetrj aa oar Magaxine Editor knows of Science. Aha, Mr. Reytcwer, Yirily- when the fit of candour was on you, you might have gone considerably further, for your "review" la, without exception, the very worst proee writing that we have ever mht with, under the assumption of a review. Doctor Johnson tsld of Bdmuud Burke's oonrersatiou tit "St was a flowing stream, but thaUt wj always Itnpregnitpd." Your review" Is % flowing stream, bit is not impregnated j— the mire Is 'distinctly per- calrablf A bottom. We wilt with some curtcsity for the ooatinoanoe of your cri tique on tbe Australia Felix Magazine. When we commenced writing these re marks, we did Intend to notice, at some length, a critical article in the Argu of the 27th Jane ultimo, end bested " Tbe Month ly Magazine," but really that artiole is so very violent and personal, that we oanuot descend to write anything like a renew of it. We shall, however, make an vxtract or two, simply to bear us oat in our assertions- Writing of the Editor oT the Magazine, tbe Argue says — " We hare had some experience, both of Ms talents and his principles ; and, while forming a rather moderate estimate of th 1 former, we hare ever had reason to dislike and distrust the latter, and wc now cannot , conceal the conviction that the slight gain to Literature, by tho establishment o! a Monthly Magaxine, would be dearly pur chased by giving power and influence te a gentleman who hai long proved himself wholly unworthy of either." Now, is this unmalignanl ? Is it generous to licdd up to public censure not the talents, only, but the principles of an editor on his first appearance as a magaxiuist ? But then1 the Arpui is on its own peculiar hobby to this instance. Further on we read of" vast and mortal crimes in the public o-an, en trusted with the public welfare, and seeking to Influence public opinion." If this be legi timate criticism, we confess, we are not dis posed to subscribe to it. It Is the Argue throughout,1 and there are moreover more virulent passages in tho article than those quoted ; but we chooso not to make any referencoto them here. They are indeed " too savage," and the whole article bears the unmistakeable im press of a malignant and inveterate purpose. We now dismiss the reviewers and their efforta, simply remarking, that our own re view of the " Australia Felix Magsxine" seems to hare brought out all the latent and various abilities of our contemporaries ; our remarks were written in the spirit of can dour "and equity, fsiriy appreciating the nrw work ; and the editor may feel assured that the vilifying of our contemporaries will have a positive tendency to render his literary character considerable service. It will create a high degreo of anxiety in tho pobhe mind tesiawewfiwy comber of hk Ma gazine. Lot him reflect, as we hare often done wheu m abused, that — 11 Detraction ever loves a lofty mark," and that the very ablest public tnen, have been the very most abused. We sincerely wish his Magaxiue triumphant success, and wo do so the moro -vri'llny that we have tht highest opinion of his personal character as welt aa of his abili ties. 