SALES BY AUCrlOms MONDAY, 30riu JULY. d tFnidfall for Mechanics and the Members of the Building Society. T. FOSTER irac receiretd in.truction% to sell br Auction. at one o'clelk on yMONDAY, 30th Julr.on ithe around o)UR Allo'mrrats of Land off Ryrie Street,near i the Rising Sun, frontinga Right- of-way,22. ffet aride. These 1,I'1't are dry and healthy at nil s.as'ns, coMnln"ld a fine view of the Itny, and the price, bein' for p.i':tire sale. is likely to be so moderate as ta mna'e them \- lcarible for ecery 1ran, 3ven with the muostliri'ed capital. Wiit one or two shares of the Bllildiinr Sneirty a Mech!rlic miglt erect a really comfortable Brick ;:otilae on one of the above Iots, at once reledse himselffrom A Higah Rent, nmd reertnalt!v be an independent Householder ioa stead ofaweekly Tenant. Terms. half Cash, and acceptance at 3 monlhs without interest. Title-Grant from the Crown. TUESDAY, 31Mt JULY. Extensive sale of realy .qood lorsý4o4d Pretrmitre, SDraperyn ?ioafher-tal?iable effecs, tlre property ,of Mlr-Ml'eever, trio is about to retire from the tRetreat ltel, SouIth Gelony. ' T. F OR S T R Ilasbeen instracledhb2y [e 'Keeverto sell bvpalic naietion, on the premises aat 12 o'Voek, on Taeslay 31st Jily. Themhwole of the excellent Furaiture of the Retreat Hotrl. , Fr pirticulrs sae Iandbill, ' : TH IURSDAY, 2sD AUGOST. ' T. FORSTER Has receired iustructinno to Fell by auction, at retlve o'clnck, on Tll ISDIY, S2 August, on the premints occupied hy R r J Kye,, l lyers streer, near the Presbyterian Charcl, T lE mlholeof ilt- Partur, Bedroom,and Kthen Furn:iture; full particulars ol which will be aRven prior to the day of sale. TITS D.AY. AYr, 1i.T- ," 1,Y. TillS DAY, JULY 23trH, INSrANT. JOHN STEPIHEN las received instructions 'o Fell by pai',ic euction, at his oeice, Yarrattreet, at oce o'erok, T WO STA KS OF FlIS-T [AlTE tlAY, crn to nine .bout 93" toes This hay i we irthy the attretioh of all parties ditroas of ohtAining good lay for lthrir tTUDS. F.r further particu!ar. apply to the oSfie of JOIIN STEP;IHEL. C, mlntnisio n :et. y~naua-treet .July 13:h, 1819. Sale of Tntraltare, S. DUGGAN les ker. i:sltruerr.l l r.- r trnee, to rel: by pnlic auction, on TIIUR-ql)DA tihe nl .AOirrust, at his ltae lorla' ss in Carl;, S3-re. at 12 o'cloc'. TrHlE chole of his s:ock in rtal', oýnniacii of r CiBair. Tal)le.CIL=-s-of Draws Chrtffn,-rsn Iloree-:air folm,, Corn rodes lidretlts. Oti ?,rss, Waslhland Stands, anid vailety of other usefil Fumrniur. N.ll. The dravergods are .f e bf hert rinterial and lorkmanship, lbeing chlifl: iale t or er. Term, it Sate. FTAWCETT'S WEEKLY SAL E. TBEI? DAY, AT ii O'tLOICK. At ihe. Exchange 3Mar'. Yarriltrnet, :lt particuaars, see cttal;gue to be disttributed this moruirg. FA WCETI"S WIEEKLY SAIL E. THIS DAY, ATIl O'CLOCK I. F A W E T WVI; :eI ly p il:e nact'on a lIhe Ecrhinge I M r, Yra ri- street, ] CASE JEWELLEIr. c mnsistlin of ring, sm's, brooches, keys, &c.; ~c, &c.; Terms at sale. PAWCETrS WEEKLY RdLE. TiItS DAY, AT 11 O'CLOCK, R. P, WCETT ^*1l1 seP by public action, st the Erchlange nl.:rt. Yarra-tcreet, SNEE near spring cart, ' Terms at ale,." Pfblyio Notice, TOIN STEPFltNS begs to nroc:tf that, 1frn .n -i E IFT.r tick dlre he wril le PrePa'eal t aI alI a I'"?,iSAI .Eolt Catre !nad Ilrrres, on SAfTU h"'AY, in lais Sal)Ernlidil.hbiii YardS, arfjoi.ni rilir 'lring un Inn,"a Great Ityria-stret, Geriongd, at i2o'eoctk es?rl day. dThe EWI TOWN YARDS fr public urs until For forhler prlfenltrn apply to JOlfN SVTIPHiF.'S, .-rndi and Stock Oflice, l1ay 19, Iy. " Yrrn-te a MONDAY NE2rX, TUB sOrTl Sir i Entire Cargo of the Petret, frm the Atliuritiust, WILLIAM JEASEY: . I I. Lstructd to sell by tution, at his lrsrt, Collinin Street, on IONI)Ay" n01t, the 3illbalnt,,t. , _ At I , o'ock lrrcirdscly , .. 2530 BAGS PI ME A r r IT 210 Bag Ciffee .S , . t 21 Q1-Coels Brandy I Coils lope . , The larov SUgnr, &e.;, ore of a soperler 31'llry. and rell ROrtliy tire atten tlon of h -ers2l~r;.:ly Tortrs lle , -.... .. SALES BY AUCTION. AUGUST 20THm. Important Sale of 300 u.ro MEams. To be Sold at Colec. HILL & HITCH[NS Are favored with instrctions from. the Messrs Whlyte. Plrtland Ray. to sell hy public alnctin, on MONDAY. the 20th of August, at William Roberrson's, Esq', sheep station, (formerly in the prssession of Mir Benjamin Boyd), Colac, atone o'clock, precisely, 300 2 and 4 toothed RAMS, selected from the tJ well-known flocks at the above gentle. man. - The above are in excellent condition; the dams were origmally from the ltAnY FLOCK, New South Wales. and the present stock is the produce of the best blood to he had in the colonies. In calling the attention' of Stockbitoders to this highly important Sale, the auctioneers deem it quite unnecessary t. urge this, opportoUity as the most favorable for introducing fresh and pure blood.-tbe name of the iAtHY BLOtOD being so well known to parties acquainted with the history ot tihe progress of the fiue-,oolled sheep in the middle district as to require no comment. Terms liberal. declared at time of Sale. A sletrulid Luncheor will be provided at 12 o'clock. To the lberchants and Settlers of the Western D?isrtriit, GE-.aTLE3IEN- W E beg to inform yol that, at the ssry gestion of several Settlers, ore ,ace mtade arrangements with Mr. William Roope to hold Sales of Wool. Tallow. Sheepskins, 4c., at his Store, in the iMarket-square, ad josning the Union Bank of Australia. The Commission on all sales efected will be the same as that charged by the Sydney MAerchants, viz : COMME~SSION. I Per cent. on Wool and Tallow. 21 ,, on Skins and Hides. O:ALGa:S. Receiving and weighing Wool, Is. per bale. ,, 1,, Skins, Is. per cwt. I, ,, Tallow, 4d. per cwt. (All produce sent for sale will be ware housed free of store rent.) Mr. -lilliam Roope will superintend the sorting and arranging of the Wool, (4c., prior to sale. SInmediately on Sales being efcecled, prompt renittances will be made to the Ven dors. If required, Cash toll be adcanced on produce sent for sale. .It omay not be out of place here to observe, that the highest prices ever realised in these Col.nies, for Wool, Tallow, 4-c., have been obtained in Sydney through Public Auction, and there is no doubt the saene result will follow here, by sinilar Salhs being estab lished. Should you require information at any tinme, as regards the nmarket price of Wool, Tallow, ec., we shall be happy to jurnish it you. Assuring you. if favored with your Sales, our utmonest endeavors will be used to adcance your interests. We remain, Your obedient serrants, HILL 4 IIITCIINS. Geelong, 14th July, 1849, VAL UABLE TOWN ALLOTMENTS, No. 6 of Section 23. HILL & HITCHI-INS Are favored with instructions to sell by pri vate contract THE above VERY VALU tBLE TOWN ALLOTMENT, subdivided into Lots as follows : Lots 1, 2, and 3, having frontages to Great MBalop Street, with a right-of.way in the rear leading to Little Malop Street. LOTS 4, 5, and 6, having frontages to Little Malop Street, with a right-of-way in the rear leading into Great Italop Street. LOTS 7, 8, 9, 1O, 10 , 12, 13, 14, having frontages to a wide lane leading from Great to Little Malop Streets. In calling the attention of parties desirous of purchasing Town Land, it is only neces sary to point out the locality of this valuable property. The entire allotment extends from Great to Little 1lalop Street, and adjoins the very valuable and extensive properties of Hir Henry Elmes, viz.: TaE ROYAL HOTEL, ROYAL TtEtIraB AND TttE EETENSIVE BREWERY, and private residences of the above gentle man. For BUSINESS PREMISES the locality is acknowledged to be unrivalled in Geelong, and it is to meet the views of numerous en quirers that this property is now brought into the market. Title--A Grant from the Crown. TERnss-Wlhich are very liberal, and the particulars, can be obtained on application at the Mart of the Auctioneer, Yarra Street. Emportant Sales by Privato Con * tract. JO[N STEPHENS 'TLLEdisposCEof by Private Contract. tfle lolloening Valuable Prpertiersi, viz:- A gnoa se!ection of SADDLE fltORi3ES 0 cp!cr.d;d PIECE OF LAND, in the Market Squre-, having a frontage to the M?rkct, upet Ite rear of the land are erected three vauablue cottages, composed of stone and brick, all tenanted and fetching good rents. Pirt of the money for these premises can stand over until January 31st, 1850. SUBURBil LAND in Chilholl Village, nearest to the English Church. Bi.ICK COTAGEQ , fcur rooms, standing on an acre of Latd at Kewv Town. EUICRBAN LAND, Noew Town 2 SPfITIG C.A ILTS, built to order 2 fi;s;t rat '' S"IAN OPi," I d 4 to 5TiLi3UIRY" I I ion i0AT, Roglioh built : ,: Apply to ...,: ?,JOHn STEPHIENS, , Ladjand.Stocic Omlce, JIrl ,?- "?'''" . ....'-"ila " * NGTIc9F A. R. REED & CO 1N announcing their removal to theirnew and extensive premises. immediately op posite their ohld establishment, beg to inform their numerous constituents and the public in general, that they are tnow opening a new and varied assortment of goods, purchased expressly for the new premises, and solicic a continu nuce of that e.lenssive patronage which they have heretofore enjoyed. Geelhng, 21st la[y, 1849. rTjiE undersigned has lately received a fresh assortment of the following goods: Scotch T hinges, from 6 to 2- inches Firmer, socke-, and mortice chisels Frles and rasps of every description Itutclher's knives, steels and saws Carpenters' baskets Jack, trying, smoothing and fancy planes of all sorts Flooaing brads, hurdle, batten, lath, shingle and palioe enils Spikes, from 3 to 7 inches Iron, brass, copper and binding wire Oval pots, kettles, saucepans, patent digesters and tea kitchen Enamelled ditto ditto ditto Iron pots, camp ovens Gridirons, fryinapans, griddles, &c.; Enamelled ditto. ditto Builock chains in every variety, from 3-S to 7.3 inch Caloil link chain. A. R. RIEED & CO. On Sale at the Stores of the Under signed, H AY kniver. Flaur corn and wheat sieves A large assortment of the following lacks cut and strait Cupboard. hu:, chest, dresser, dtreback, mortice, pad, dead, 6 to 12 inch, iron rim, plite and Ban bury ('ounter weighing machines, steelyards from 71b to 4001lbs. Weichts from 3 oz. to 561hs. Latches and bolls of all kinds Brooms and brushes in great variety 2 cases of table and pocket cutlery Grain tin, Tinman's riverts, Cooper's dittu Gunpowder, slot, cap, flintr, 'artridaes. Sc. f(ilrt pails and v.res, fst b it:is, svater carriers. &c;, Beer and spirit measures, pint and quart pots Curtain bands aid pins Nighl nursery lu:ms with saucepans and kettles for i:fants Dark lanterns and lamps of descriptions Japanned deed boae, sugar c.iisters. &c.; Japanned and tin goods of all sorts regularly on hand Flar, Italian and toy isons Cooper' large comasoses, and too s of all sorts Amrrican brooms Oral and stockholm tar, itch and rosin Diamond pirnted sEovels foar navigtors and miner Moorabool-strect, Geelong !'Ioori-g grads. A FRFSIJ supply received this day, also a lew pair ofCsrt Boxes, 3 inch. At A. ft. ItEIED & CO'S. Ironmongery Warehoesg slooraboot Street. "BAR IRONST " Er Rooseberry. For Sale at the Stores of the Undersigned. A GENERAL AS-oittyIENT, of Raund Flat, and Squire Bar Iron Pheet Iron of various thicknesses Can Steel, Shear Steel, and Blister (hoop L) Steel, lnorse llasps and Files, Shoe Ra~pe, Cabinet Rwass, Pit saw fi'es, hInd saw files and cross cut flies Sheet Zinc Porhv's hrihlt screw ascers Clerk's patent Enameled! hollow are 2 to 9 gallon boilers, tea kettles, saucepans, and fryingpans Common tea bilers, kettles, and saucepans Iron pots, all sizes, 2 to -5 hailors Camp ovens fromt 10 to IS inch, with or rilthout false bottoms TIemel Deals, Various lengths, sawn and uasawn, 11 3 and 9x3 1B, 19,20, Si, 12 feet t:our sulphur, blue stone, small castrs tar. pitch and ruzin, sheep caddle, and London glue? S'irst and Second r:our, =ran. S. IIAIIDING. Market Square, 19'hi July 1S19. Timber. On Sale by the Undersigned, 24,000 FEEF V. D. LAND TIMBER. 46,000 shinrles 6,000 patiaos, 5 and 6 feet 2),y'P leet reder, irt log, very superior 2,000 fret pine l)ehls, 11 3, and 9 x 3, rut and uncut Gan of the fllo:vina dimensirons-23 x i,. 18 x 14,16 n I2, IS x 1., 14 x 12, 14x I0, 12 x 10, and Io x 8 Ivails, locks.and bingers-ahite lead-boiled an-i raw orls-turpentine-- red, green, and block paint coal tar L'31 Orders from the country punctually atten ded toa Any description of carponterorjoier awork done to order. Doors and sashes ready made. Terms- Cash. Loerest price asked rest. SAI1UEIL WILSON Seed Wheat. OR GALE by the undersigne:I, 300 bushels white reheat, ofther fine-t quality. 200 bushels Brown's Prolific, (a really pro lific white wheat.) MATHEW IOLMES. Glenerairn, 9!h Meiy, 1149. FOR SALE. 7000 Sheep, with right of Stati?on, capable of carryingl 10,000. T Ii. STATION is slnated on the sWannon. one S mile belaw its jinclion wiith the Grange. For lurther pareraulars apply to JAMES BRUCE. Saltwarter Creek, July lthib, 18.19. Barrobool Quarry. N r'CANN respectfully intimates that * he is at present working that Quarry ofver- superior stone on the Barrahnol Hills, hicnh he has leased from E. Willis, Esq., and that he is tow prepared to supply stone of all dimensiotns that may be required. Mlarca 26th, 1811. To Archlitcts. IT being represented to the Irustees of St Paul's,r tllnt the time given was not arulicient to enable Plans for the New Church to b, sent in, they have extended the time tor receiving Plans to Tuesday, the 1411n August next ' CJJAS, NANTES, \- . ..- ' Boan Secretary, Gelonhg, July 2I, 1849. H. CdIDE, S N retiring from business of Chymist and Druggist begs leave to return his sincere thanks to bi numerous friends end the public generally for the very liberal support he his received, :.nd respectfully solicits a continuance of the same to his successor DMr. 1. .-. Goulter, whom he can confidently recommend from his long experience and steady character, as a person well suited to conduct a drug business in all its branche Family and Dispensing Ghymast. ENILY JOIIN GOULTER. on enteriaz tile above business as successor ti Ali Cade, begs to assure his friends end the public in general of Geelong: and the surrounding country, that he will endeavor by a strict personal attention, and a sup. ply of the best drug. Clhemicals, end Pharmaceutical preparations at areasnmable price, to grin that sup port rnd confidence so long; bestowed upon his pre. deessor. The business will he conduclrd as usual on the premises Yarra Street, where iMr Cade may still be Mr Cade's much-approved Antibilionts tnd other Pills with all medicines preparred front ir C.'s private recipes, are made precisely the same :,s here tofore. Orders frrm the country punctually attended to. Teeth calefully extracted. Prescriptions and famil receipts faithfully prepared. Horse, Cattle. and Sheep medicines Perfumery, soaps, brushes lozeogres, vinegars, cigars, snuffs, &c.;, &c.; N.B. Constontle on sale, Irish Veils or Rennets aud.annater for cheese, of the best quahty. To Painters and Others. RARE OPPORTUNITY. T?HE undersigned being about to relinquish hi s business as painter and paper stainer, is pre pared to treat for the Trans er of the same,conmmen cin frsm the fist of October next. As this is (blireved to be) the only Paper Stain ing Eitablishmnt Snouri or run LNaE, it possesse auvantsge vastly above a mere pIintle's tusine-s. Tihe purchaser may take the whole or any part o the Stock-in trade at market va:ue. and the shop and premises (sittated in the best part of Colins sles:r) caln be rented at a moderate rate, for a term of yeas if requisel. It is needless to ear thart thi i., and has been for years. the mast respectably con nected business ufth- kind in Port Phililp. AI par ticnlars may be learned by application to the Pro prietor. N.B.-It snould not be abso!a'ely recessary for ,he 'Purclhser to be pr..c:ically acquainited titi ltie trale. as the workmen ot present emp!nyed in the establihbm-:nt might be retained, I f whom, oe at least is quite capable of c)onductiag the working pill of the buoinres in all its brunches. In the imean time. tile stock will be open for selec lion to the trade, till the first of September next, at redu:ed prices and on liberal terms. Priva:e parties in want of paper hansings will find this it gnod opportunity, as the eltile of rlie stock in -l.at branch wi: l be r-duced to hde lonest possible Siure, andl a small lot oft Eperb Flock papers will be s.d at :0 per cent. discount on the manufacturer's price. N. GUTIIRIDGE. M~elbcunne, July 21, 18; WILLIAM M'CLEMENT, Late of the firm of Leudan and M'Clement. BEGS to intimate that he will continue to carry on the business as formerly, on the s-m.o pre mises, Mslket Square, and hopes by continued at tention to the interests cf lisemployers, and moderate charges, to receive a OentinlIatiou of that patrsnag. whicit was ro lihbrally bes:owed upon the late firm. W. Ai'C. calls the attention of Pub!icons and Spirit iee.lcrs to his Boer Enaines and spiri Founai :s. swhich he makes nOisn :!e most approved pa:ent principles and of seprriar worksm:,nsiiip, and can be ser:: to any patrof the co!onirs in com;:Ie.e working order. Malchines of every descriptiaon mete to ntder, Wood. Brass and iron turnin..; Cabinet furniture made in the first style and rork.a.ns,.ip. Engines, Mlachines, Ptmps, Presses, Lamps, &c.; &e.;, repaired on tie slorteit rlii.. VICTORIA FOUNDRY. MESSRS. THOMPSON & SON, HAVING resigned business as Iron and Brass Founders, the undersigned beg to acquaint their customers and the public generally that he has resolved on continuing the above businees, and begs to assure all parties who will favour him with a trial that work in the Iron and Brass Foundry line will be executed with every degree of satisfaction, and upon most moderate TERMS. N.B.—Best price given for old metal. W. EASTWOOD. Market Square, Geelong. Household Furniture Manufactory, Yarra Street, near Mr Wilson's Timber Yard. MESSRS BECKENSALL & CUFLEY, CABINET MAKERS, UPHOLSTERERS, PAPER HANGER.I, &c..; B EG to intimate to tile inhabitants of Gee!nns and its vitioiry that they hay. comermenced business as asove; B. P C. venture to hope. bh attention to :uSir.e-s, rd br.lienia:rtirles of rupeieri '-or lnoasnchip, seel.inr i?e!ed. ati ndiioderate rbhrges, to merit a sEare lf pubhe pa:ynagoe 'nI: sup.ort. N.B.-Ne'v, rhaop, a-d e!-n:mt p-rer-haniina? Ladies' needle work fitted up in the neatest style. Furniture re-p'li.-hbid. APPRENTICES 'VA'rl.ED, J. SFIONEHAM, Carpenter, Jo ,nr , and upnsd rta:'ir Cab±net m~a '1r, U'pholets rer, Turner and OGarvar, Next Door to Hlasszett's, Ryrie Street, B EGS to infurm Ihe ilnnabihasvs tu Geel.i.g end the surrunding conntry, thet lie has just arrived ilou Meblouarne. and connieneld business as above, where all orders will bhe punctall'ny ttenlded Picture Fremes mai. ti orieor. Pictures on sale. FOR SitLE, At the Gardens of Ncufefiutl, PIlerks Ford, or at thie o/ie of Mr Joan Steopiens, Cotsri.sion Agent, Yarra.street. SLAiKGB cnleetlhn of all KRnstl of Friit ITriee, of oie, two, nild thiree years orll, of whiich the greeter p:art h.ve produced thisl year, namely: Peach. Nectarine, and Aricot Plum and Damsot Cherry Apple Almond and Fig Medlar and 3lulberry Gooseberry Red and IBlck nCurrant ILasplierry and Stra-herry PlAnts. A number ofdiffcrent kidil oft shirubs, nend a great variety of Vine Cuttiuse. Thle trees will be packed with care, sit that they be caii conveyed to any part of the coun try sithoutdamage, Tile prices of the trees and plants will be exceedingly moderate accurding to their quality antl age. The trees will bhe .warranted healthy, and quite free from blight, Orders lor trees and plants may lie sert (post paid) through the Post O(!i,:e, aiol the trees will be delivered in town, if riqtiried, according to order, at JOHN STIM'liNS, Land aud Stock ofice, Yarra-street, opposite Dr liailey's Dispensary, DREGUET & AhJ[ET, Neufchatel, April 2Ghlb, 1810, T I? E office of the "THAMES' \- .L steamer is TIIS DAY removed from Corio Terrace to those pre __ _ tmises recenthl occupied by Messrs. Nantes and Campbell, Moorabool street. JOHN S. CARVER. Agent. Geelong. July 5, 1S19. Cordials! Gordials! Cordials! T HE best and cheapest Cordials are manufac tured by A. UTHER, AT TIlE Medical Iall, iMarrabool-street. Merchants and country storekeepers can be supplied on the shortest notice, and can always rely on having agerinine article. April 17, 1819. GILNGER BEER. THE Undersigned beg to intimate to the publicans, Confectioners. and Private Families of Geelong and neighbou?rhood, that they are prepared to supply them with an article that defies competition. they would also particularly request them to take notice that they have received a Aid CHIV E, for the purpose of facilitating the manufacture of it. G. F. A. WILSON & CO., Opposite Messrs Cullen and Elols, Corio-street. N.B,-O:ders taken in for the Melbourne Daily News. STEBAM PACILET HOTEL. GEELONG. (Yarra Street, near the Fiharf.) JA\IES BROWN 1 3ES to nnonnuee to his friends and the pub _. lie in reneral, that he has obtnaied a Publi can's general license fir thoue premises formerly oc cupied by Mr ilarrison, as his Printing Office, where hbe respectfully solicits a stare of public patronage. Parties visitine Geelnnu from the country or from IMlel?borne by the Steamers. will find everything which will cantribute to their comfart at the above hotel. family Boarding Erouso. rIlE Under-i-red tarino taken the recently 1\. erected commodinus premises in Myers Street. respectrully infrms the public that he has openel tile some as a HoAtDING House, reserving separate apartments fir famil;ies visiting the towl. F..tr si:ngle aentlemea can be accommodated with Board and Lodgings. N.B.-Respectable references will be required. J. KAVE VICTOR4 ITRE AN.D MdIARIEt zNSSuEMA6N COMPANlY. Established 1819. CAPITAL £100,000. Directors. HENRY MOOR. ESQ. ACHIrALD I['LACHLAN,ECQ. JO tt RiRERT IMURPHY, EsQ. ALA~ TA l t R4ACKENZIE,ESIQ. HFNtY\11xLLER. ESQ. FRANCI? DAWE WICKHA'sI, ESQ. WI.LIAM HIG!IETP. ESQ. GEORGE 4.NNAVN, ESQ. .IJO LV WEDGE tIOWVEY, EQ. WILLII U IsUlU t IK10NLEV, ESQ. EDWARID B. GitEENE. EQ. siVTIIIEW GIBSuN, ESQ. Solicitor. lTtR JOHN K. BENNETT. House Surveyor. MR CHARLES LAING, Marine Surrecor. AIR JAMES BALLINGALL. 0Oce situated in Swanston-street South. Mr E. B.Greene's new Building*, where attendance wiltl be givent by the Secretary from l0 a.m. t 3: o'clock. p.m.,andfrom whom the terms of premium and fornms of application can be obtained on and after the 2?th instant. GEO. FRASER, ber etaryy. ' ,ibe:hrne; 10b larch, 1849. S Card. (tane or OeEL.? ) Collector of Rents, Debts, 4c. ESII)ENCE-At Mir Cass's, P.inter sand Paper A." Hlneer. Swanston- street, (near the Royel Mail Hotel) JMelbourne. C.sammisions promptly and faithfully executed, thern ace.npanied by a remiltance. Mr A. Al. purposes to visit Geelong, Barrhabo Hibs. New Towu, Little SeatlanJ, Ashby, Irish l'on, &c.;, for the trmsnaction of business, in the mothls F August, Oct-ter, December, February, Ap:il, and June, staying in that distlict two days nto?nl: eclh occasion. Due notice swil be aeven, from rime tc atie, in the aleio,:urne and Gee:oag news i't aere. Unpaid letters ref.wId. Jrldh::,rne, July 6, 1t49 JUST PUBLISHED, No. I. ot ?Ie Auctralia 'eli= ionthly ?.Zagaznels Price, 2r. 6I. CONTENTS Preface. AI A pologyfor our Magaz'ne-- y Alpia. lThe Australian Merrian, Gammt lThe Bridsl Victim. lThe Acknowledgment of God in Common Life -By Beta. Our Social Tendencies--Bi Gasa:rnao. [Colonization Society. The uses of Water and Mean3 of securing a Supply of it in this Colrny--y Dellta. Sarit of our Future 'alicy. Laura Bridgman; thle DAtf, Dumb, and Blind. On the Prospects of Geel t, and its Neigh bourhood- By S. Swithiu Smith, Olh[ Where is He? Sahberia Frankiiniens'9. Scaazns. M[eteorologieal Table, Enieration Statistics, . S siPping and Isereanti!e Statistics, Bduca ionat Works. On Sale at lHarrison' S.tationr arcy Warhouse., ealkinoeame's Arithmetic Braithwaite's Tutor's Assistont tltrrsy's Grammar Lonnies ditto Fenion's, ,favor's, Vysas, Carpenter'i, and Dii worth's Spelling books, liUrrsy's Reader Outlines of Ancient Geography "1,Culloch's Course of Eklenantary reading Johnston's Dictionary Wellter's Pronouncing Dictionary with Key Ein's Irifnciples of Elorutioa \Vninker's Pinnock's Home Simpson's History of England I.,dil:tm's Mathematics 31tenatgsta's Essays L.arie's Interest rables Hall and Forster's Cbronkiles of filtory D)uncn's Aionsworth's Dtfaooary Kiing'a Interest Tables tnpteri' brast Book of Writlng Ietta' Pocket Mlapsjg Crutwell's Atlas . THEATR! ROYAL, GEELON G. During the rest of the Winter Season the Doors will open at Seven o'clock; pe form;rces com mence at hlalf-past Seven; an I Half price he admitted at Nine o'clock. On MONDAY, JULY 30, 1849, The Performances will commesce with Shakspere's Tragedy of HArLET. Claudius .... (Kin; of Denmark) .... Mr Warde Laertes........ r Cameron Polonius........ . ........ M31 Douglas HAMLET, Prince of Denmark, ME MOBRTON KING Horatio ........... ......... ....*- Ir Saville Rozencrantz ..........M1 Hisker Guildenstern... ,Mr Howard Osric .................. Mirs Griffiths First Gravedigger.. Mr )eering Second Gravedigger ............. .. Mir Douglas Mlarcellus.. Mr tliffard Bernards........ JMr Evans Actor..........***....?Ir Clhfford Ghost of Hanmlet's Father ..........Mr Deering Queen. . Mrs Cameron' Ophelia ....... Mrs Deering Actress ...................... Mrs Howard. Arret WrHICH, TOE SABLE 0YMBAL PLAYER, To conclude with the highly successful Farce of THE SERJEANT'S SEDDBNG. Frederick, King of Prussia.. Mr Savil:e General Omelette (Cammamdant of the Fortress of Insterbore) air Douglas Serjeant Orloff (of the King's tiody Guard) lir Cameron Taomple ..... (a young f(rmer) ...... Mr Evans Serjeant Krautz..Ir tHaskar Flow Dumnicks (aged 83 and 1L months) Mrs Howard Teltzis and Katrina (Sisters) Mrs Deering and Mrs Griffiths. Propriety of conduct, and abstincce from Smoking, awill be rigidly enforced in all parts of the Theatre. B?xes 4s, Pit 2s. Boxes may be secured on ap plication to Mr ELM3ES, RJ.al Hotel. Scene Painter, Mar Walls ; Mechanist, MIr Martin: Prompter, Mr Clifford; Leader of.the anod, M1r Stainsby, Stage Manager, MIR DEERING. IIMMIGRATION BARRACKS, GEELONG. TENDERS will be received, until Noon of Satur day, the 11th of August, from persons willing to contract for the election of "brick Barrack Building," at Geelong. leaders to be deposited-in the box marked'" Ten dere for Works and Stores," at the weat entrance of ohe Government Offices, or they may b: sent, under racer, to His Honor the Superintendent. All Tenders to be endorsed." eander for Itnai grant Barrack Geelong." Paun and Specification can he seen, and all in forrtaition obtained, at toe unlermenttonel Office, or at the Police Office, Geelong, and froain tie Oreiseer of Works, (Mr W. Akeuburstr,) stational at Uieloug. Tihe Government will not necessarily accept the lowest Tender: By order of His Honor toe Superintendent. IIHENY GINN, Cloter of Works. Publio Works Office, .teltourne, July 24. 1849. Superintendent's Office, blelbourue, 24th July, 1849. TENDER FOR DEBENTURES ACCEPrED. THE following tender for Land and Immigration Debentures, mde in puvsuance of the Go rerument Notice, of the 15th May last, has been accepted:-New South Wales Savion's Bank-a premium of three per cent. on £25,100. In His Excellency'e name, : C. J. LA TROBE. TENDERS REQU.RED. TiENDERS will be received until noon of Saturday, the Itlh August nest, tram parties willing to contract for repairing portioln of the approaches to the Cario Bay Jetty. Tenders to be endorsed," Tenders for Repairing Approaches to Corio Jetty," and fLrwarded by post, directed to " His Honor the Superintendent Melbourne " or, they may hb deposi:edi it the bao marked ' Tenders for Works and Sores" at ihe wes:ern entrance of tile Governneat Offices, Melbourne. Plan and Specification can be seen at rthe Palce Ofice, Geeloaug, and the undermentioned office. The Government will n t nees~arily accept ths lawest tender. By usler of his Hollnar the Snpesintendenr, DAVID LENNOX. buperinsendent a, Bridges. Bridge Olfice, lelbottrne, 84th July, 18i9. pUBLIC NOTICE. Soperintendlent's Office, Mlelbroenr'2Otb July. 18s9. ' THE Licensees of Crown Lands in the Unsettled and [ntermediare portiont of the pirt Phillp District are hereby reqes.td to send into the re reetire Crown Commissiolaers;, Retnroos of Live Sta?k on their stations, oa the [at Jlly 1840, as heir Liceoses for the currett year cannos bh Iassued until such returna sha!l have been nmate. C, J. LA TROBE. DISTRIr[t:T COUNCILS. His Excellecty thie Governor has heea, pleased to appoint Robert Cuibertson liope, sfGeelony, Esquire, to be Warlen of the D sttictCouncilof Grantt in tie room of Mr \W. C. Haines, re.igned. ft having been certalied to the Governor, that the vacancies exieting in the indermen-ca tinned District Cotzncils .'ere not filIed up by election on the firl't: ltllay in ithe mnnttli of May, in a:eorlaict wt'l e th erms of the Charter of incorpi:ratias, h:s Excelletr.cy directs it to be not iesl, that in pltrsunete of the powers retred in hI:al hy the Act of rhe Imperial Parliancut, l an h a th Victoria, cap. 70, he has been p!eosed tra ,appoint the follow iag geutlemein to be Cnotncillors for the Districts specified in canuesion twith their nrtmes re;; speetively, viz: Dotcrke, (Port Phillir.)-Mlesors Jshn Fiez gerall Leslie FPoster, Robert Williani Pahl man, and James BLoore, to holdofce nttil the slt May, 1852,. Graot, (Port Phillip )-Mfessrs Harry Gore and 1, illianm Timm, to hold oflice until the Is: May, 1852. 