CUMBERLAND ELECTION. i A KDMsaoi'&LY; attended meeting? of the Electors for the County of Cumberland, oppose it to the revival of transportation of British friends to New South Wales, was yesterday lurid, pursuant to mince in the Sydney Morning IlrniUi, at the Royal Hotel On the motion of Mr-, Lone, M U , Mr. James Fulton man called to the chair. The OHilinUKsnid he would as briefly as pushes ex plain to the electors the circumstances which had led to the public in an of the advertisement by which the present meeting had been summoned 1 They were all aware of a dispatch having been rec tin ii from Earl Grey, announcing the intention of the home gow in ment to retire the trniiapiirutlun of offences, making this colony again a receptacle for the crime of the British empire, they were not also aware of the pro ceedings of the public meeting recently held in the Victoria Theatre, at which the design was unanimously denounced as one fraught with evils of i lie greatest magnitude to the well-In side; of the colony, and that the petitions then a letter to the Queen and he is Houses of Pal Hainent on the subject retire now in course of signature. It is J happened that at this mildil period a vacancy occurred among the representatives of the people in the Lic,n>Ulivc tout evil, and the decline of a member became necessary, and it had been considered by those persons who had interested themselves in the Anti transportation Kurundi!, that it not of the utmost importance that the vacancy in question should be filled up by the election of a gentleman who entertained views in accordance with those expressed in the petition adopted by the public interest g alia early gentleman thin in nomination was Mr Robert Mix gerald of W inilaor, Thomas believed by large number of electors to be in favour rather of the resumption of transportation than otherwise So fairly, indeed, and calls impression, that no attempt was made to obtain an expression of that gentleman's power- in the in crater Mr fitzgerald was absent in the interim at the time, but on his return to town, Mr G VI right, the secretary to the Anti 1 importation Committee, waited upon Mr Fitzgerald to ascertain is our Imnailf what were his sentiments On this occasion Mr Fitzgerald assured Mr. Wright that his mind was fully made upon the ques tion that he was perfectly satisfied that nothing could by possibility be so injurious to the well being of the colony as the renewal of transportation, find that he would be one of the firmest supporters of the movement in opposition thereto Considering it desirable that Mr Fitzgerald's opinion should be unequivocally expressed, Mr W il(,ht addressed to him the note, and received the reply which had since appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald Mr Fitzgerald's reply st-is a must extraordinary one-an unsutlMnctors answer for any gentleman to write, but a very unsatisfactory to. answer for a statesman, from one aspiring to a situation in which he would preside over the interests of the colony He did not, as most gentlemen would if a question were put to them which they held to be Impertinent, decline to answer, nor was he prepared to hut in what respect the eight-story proposed by Mr. Wright was impertinent , nor was he prepared to state where he differed from He petitions which he declined to sign, nor was he prepared to support the nie assure proposed to be adopted by Real Guy Mr Fitzgerald's reply placed the Couunlltie in a position of great difficulty They felt the s nat Important e of obtaining for the re Îircsciitutiun of the metropolitan county at this craigie 1 picture gentleman who was prepared to resist to the utmost the rest of of transportation here in any shape, and under any circumstances, and considered whether it would not be possible, even at that late pet bid, to obtain the nomination of such an individual, as would at least, if not successful in obtaining his return, afford to the Home Guveinmeula strong, proof of the feeling of the colonists on the subject, and so would not be without asserted Under these circumstances a deputation from the committee valued 5? Mr. Michie, to request that he would allow himself to be placed in nomination for the county, to which Unit gentleman kindly consented, on condition that he should not be put to any expense in contesting the election, and at Parramatta yesterday, in consequence, Mr. Michie was placed More the constituency of the county as a candidate for their suffrages (Mr Norton then alluded to the proceedings at I'm mutta i imported elsewhere ) He now in near the electors to ask Mr. Michie for an exposition of his sentiments, and for any explanation they may require of the touring purposed to adopt if by their votes, he should here ruined as their representative in the Legislature of the colony. Mr. Michie The meeting had heard from Mr. Norton the circumstances under which he came forward He could assure them that on general grounds he had never desired to go into the Legislative Council; although he might, if he had desired, have milly times previously come for June with tolerable grounds of success. he was too srllWt or too indolent. The preferred letting others do his work for him. But when this statement was made to him of the extraordinary exigency that had occurred, and he recognised the necessity that existed Unit somebody to prevent the representation of the county being in the hands of a party favourable to the resumption of transportation, he felt it incumbent on him to throw aside his private tastes for the public communes, and to all up the gap that was said to exist and the statement made by Mr 1 gerald yesterday at the hustings at Parramatta been published in to ray's paper, it would have been seen that Mr. Gilbert V right lines completely vindicated from any misconceptions that might have arisen in reference to his report of his interview with Mr Fitzgerald. When he (Mr M ) was not spoken to aliens coming forward for the quality, it was because Mr. Fitzgerald's views on the transportation question were not explicit, and it was therefore desirable that he should be opposed. His (Mr. M s) answer was expressive of his extreme unwillingness to become a candidate and it was only on the condition that he should incur an expense, and if Mr Fitzgerald did give an explicit statement, and declare himself pledged against the resumption of transportation, he (Mr. JJ.) should be allowed to affirm, that he gave his consent And he did entertain the hope that on the previous day Mr. 1 if gerald would have given such a statement to the constituency us would have permitted him to make his story and retire. On the afternoon of Monday, he received a communication that the answer given on the question of transport station by Mr. Hixgerald, to those it he had no clues and his views on the subject was a perfectly s. ins Factory. This was iheititoivlctv with Mr Wright, and which Mr, 1. stage raid lind yesterday admitted to have been correctly stated by that gentleman (Aldermen Egan He li or not ) had not Mr. Fitzgerald admitted this it would have been merely it question or the comparative credit of Mr Fitzgerald on the one hand, and [ft Wright on the other. 11 lit it had been admitted the report was substantially correct (Alderman Egan partly so ) There was no part about it, and he ft It board! to give Mr Fitzgerald great credit for the fair and candid manner he acted in this respect, but to return to his narrative. In consequence of what Mr Fitzgerald said to Mr Wright, he fell himself and he was pleased Me it- discharged from his promise of coming forward Judge, then, of his surprise. in being told at half-past tin ore on the follow me any (tuesday) that Mr. Fitzgerald had eaten all he had said on the tiny previously. that that he had consulted with his friends that his view! more perfectly altered-that he had one opinion one afternoon and one another. Mr. Fitz. gerald had said on the previous day he was 40 years of age The proverb nut that a man at 40 years of age was either a fool or a physician. (Laughter) At any rate, man was not fit to bat Svi.islului whose opinion to day miss dinniciwially opposite to that he held yesterday, and one as he did not soon to carry] his intellect to the Council, but merely the echo of those judicious friends, consultation with whom had caused the al- gyrations of his views In returning Koch a member the constituency could not say they kept in an independent man, one who would enforce their views, when he confessed almost under fire on a limit and seal time he was going to represent those of another person Ila (Mr. M ) did oppose the renewal of transportation upon any terms, and more particularly at the prestent tulip. He looked upon it its the most damning set out that could occur to the community. It was very well known that there was a peculiar section who were employ cry of peculiar labour are paying, as Mr I Fitzgerald had said on the previous day he was paying £3000 wages This might be inconvenient but the cry of want of transportation from fear of there not being cheap line r in the colony, was nothing but can. There was no four til Ms. But Mr. Fitzgerald and his mother put the question as if the labourer was made merely for the advantage and benefit of the capitalist. The labour market would always be equalised for where high wages were prevailing, and where there has free access, numbers would uri i e, and it would be brought to its fair rate. Let, however, prisoners be introduced, all wholesome immigration would be diverted from this to thorough. bouring colonies. Men with families would not-could not-bring them hither It was well- known that since the colony ceased to be a penal colony, notwithstanding the ignorance and misunderstanding that prevailed respecting it in England, it was known and tell them that life and property was as safe in New South Wales KB in any other part of the world; but-ie-mtroduce prisoners, and immigrants would go to South Australia, and other plates and in doing so, he (Mr. M.) could not consider them had judges The plea, however, of fear of death in the labour market was so transparent an insincerity, that he did not believe those who put it forth believed it It was the price of labour was the real motive. Atna time during the seven years he had been in the colony could a plea be so thoroughly same. There were so many concurrent causes aiding immigration in the mother country at the present moment, that the fear to be entertained was rather that there would be a glut instead of li death of labour. He believed that the question was purely a j selfish one. There was no care for the labouring man. In order that high profits might be realized, parties were content to become wealthy by any mode. Mr, Fitzgerald had stated that on consultation with his friends he was not satisfied to go the whole length of the resolution passed at the meeting at the Victoria Theatre; but he was not satisfied with the class of labour proposed to be introduced. IV he was satisfied with it 1 But is he Mr 1 was dissatisfied, st he did he not give the pledge which the committee ought to ask of him or any candidate, and he would have walked over the course Had the question not been asked of him, and he had gone into the Council bound by no pledge, could the electors afterwards, when they found his vote recorded in favour of the measure, have had any right to complain of it There would have been no breach of promise or the action of a conscience which was not his own, but Mr M cut worth s, or whales or influence puncture, on his mind at the time If the electors after what that had heard could put any conscience in Mr 1 il7gern!ds intellect or habits of mind let him be taken as the man did the woman, for better or worse (Laughter ). He now proceeded to clear away some misconceptions that had with usual electioneering fact been spread against himself his friend Mr Lowe would recollect the circumstance, that at the last Sydney election a report had been spread extensively, that he was the violent enemy of the Roman Catholics, that he would not allow a servant of that persuasion to be about his premises, and other trumpery of the same description was also urge lated Mr Love was the last man as he (Mr M) avowed he was, and he should be ashamed himself if he was guilty of doing so, to as a any man what religion he professed honest or, from a letter he had received it seemed it had been spread lie (Mr. M.J was a bitter and bad enemy to the Human Catholics. He was astounded to find that what had been slain on behalf of Mr. Lowe should rise again with all its virulence against him (Mr. M.) All he could say was that his servants had been in the ratio of two to one in favour of being Roman Catholics, he was disgusted with any person who should presume to dictate to another's conscience on a question of such vital importance as his religion. He would allude to another report. On the previous day Mr. Isaac Shepherd had asked him with all the solemnity as it the salvation of the county of Cumberland depended on it, whether he wrote for the Sydney Morning Herald, Considering that there was impertinence by asking him if he was guilty of so flagrant an offence, he did not reply; but as the following question was pertinent to the election boing, did he write that day's leader, he did I reply to it. Another report that had arisen was that he was the creature of a party. A very worthy citizen, the father of a family, and a gentleman who had passed the cat be chairman that while he did not mention his name there was room for the exercise of the imagina- tion, had only that day told him he was the one cause of the Church in ty. Iludid not know that during the eleven years he had been in the colony he had belonged to any) party. He had always endeavoured to be a good citizen, and render what little modicum he could for the benefit of all. And where there were two sides of a question, he had taken that of the truth, and whether his views were given in the Alina or elsewhere, he did not consider a matter of great moment. As to the result of the election, he did not care a dump it was not a matter of vital importance to him, If elected he would discharge his duty. If not elected he should enjoy life profitable leisure, instead of performing the electors unprofitable work. Another question put to him was- Did he not expect a Gut-eminent appointment? He had since his arrival in the colony always been able to earn an honest siistrnniuT, and had never been hang, ing on the skirts of Government, never been a sticker for Government or its mere mercenary offices ; never been the pauper who must either starve or be a share. He had enjoyed the luxury of being self-dependent. He could not ney, like Mr. Fitzgerald, he was a native; but he came here to-day on behalf of three natives or his own, and for whom he cared more than for all the colony put together, and he was not willing to have them exposed to what would follow on the revival of transportation. If he went into the Council he went as a Radical Reformer, and the opponent of every abuse. If he saw the county of Cumberland sure he would make his bow and retire. He, therefore, hoped to hear no more of his anxiety for a sent in the Council, for if ever a man came out on merely public grounds he did. If defeated, no doubt he would feel as every man would, annoyed at the time; but after two or three days it would be found his self-complacency would be the same as if the event had never occurred. He was willing, as it was both his pleasure and his duty, to answer any questions that might be put to him. As to the price of land the rate was absurd. The object should be to get as much population on it as quick as possible. He hoped he never should be found backwards in extending education. In answer to a question as to the extension of the suffrage, he had not made up his mind. From what he yesterday saw at Parramatta he belies ed it to he too high. that is those who had well weighed the question, and arrived at a conclusion, would wait on him, he should be most happy to base their views. There was no doubt through the difference of present and past rentals the franchise wanted adjust ment. Mr Michie throughout his speech was frequently interrupted by loud cheering, and which was prolonged some time on his sitting down. A question was then put Whether Monday was the first time Mr. Michie had been called on to stand for the county? Mr. M. replied no; he had been asked a hundred times before, but had emphatically refused A further question followed, Why were Mr. Fitzgerald's views not before acquired r Because that gentleman was not accessible; he had put himself bet said the boundaries, and in fact it was not expected that he would have returned so us to be present even at the nomination. Mr. Low!', said, that he had only one fault to find w Ith Mr. Mlcliis-that for the purpose for which he had been called upon to appear before them he was a great deal too good; and that if, under the disadvantages of coming out at so late a period at a candidate for the representation of the county, it would be mainly attributable to his many virtues. The principle sought to be established in this movement, however, had reference to the man, but that this colony shall not again be made a penal colony; if they succeeded in bringing In Mr. Michie on this ground, they would place the principle on a rock of adamant ; but if they, on the contrary, fall in the alto apt, or suffer it to full through the principle would receive a shock it might never fully recover. It may have been an unwise proceeding; but now that the die is set on a single cast, it became them to strenuously follow it up. Mr. Nichols, yesterday, appeared to be grievously affected with the sentimental view office subject of transportation to the colony, but he (Mr. Lane) viewed the measure in its political and economical aspect and he would now ask those who by their votes were prepared to support that measure, what hope they could ever entertain that in the event of the resumption of transportation in any shape to this colony the modicum of liberty they at present enjoyed would horse could not say increased, but retained ? All their efforts would be paralysed, utterly unavailing and they would tear them in a most degraded position. The question was not now one between capital and labour, but between labour and the ghost of capital- for the capital Itself had long ago departed the once owners of the properties of the country were now in possession merely as the bailiffs of a bank, a loan company or such like associations by whom it was an undoubted fact that during the past seven or eight years the capital of the time had been taken away from it If it were possible to supply labour for nothing, it would be utterly useless to people in such a condition it was not true that they were but he down by the rate of w against was the overwhelming weight of their mortgage debts that c into the inability to pay wilmet Snell perfumes may be ready and willing to entail on disinherit es and the colony social, moral, and political degr station , but the end which they sought to secure by such means could not possibly be effected What then was the thing that the colony requited t If the old blood was gone, it wanted new if its rapid li had taken flight elsewhere it wants! to bring U back But no for the hi nefit of those who were already mined and whom nothing could save from destitution, treated my must neither be made a den of thief is, instead of milking it such as would allure holds about cap lists from all parts of the world. He knew it would be said that although Mr 1 Fitzgerald shrunk from a public national yet that (aspirate sentiment was one of opposition to the renewal of the importation But they had nothing to do with his i r invite communications, but with his public actions and sayings It showed however, how great Mr Fitzgerald felling must be when he would not as he might, walk over the course by simply in king the public assertion required of him showing himself to be in Una matter, not in independent candidate but a puppet, or a machine operated upon by persons behind the score In conclusion, Mr Lowe) moved, " that in the opinion of this meeting Mr, Archibald Michie it is fit and proper person for the re. present men of the county of Cumberland in the Legis lative Council Mr h liner seconded the motion Mr lttD.MiN would impress on the meeting audi alteram mortem It was his duty to inform the meeting that mine misconception prevailed respecting Mr T Fitzgerald's views he (Mr it ) had spoken to that gentleman yesterday, and asked him why he offered him the resolution passed at the Victoria Theatre meeting His reply was, that though he was not apprehensive of there being any dearth of labour yet if the time should arrive when he found through this case his substance was passing away from him, it would be desirable to have convict labour Mr 1'iUgui and stated to him he was opposed to the revival of transport. talion, hut under such a circumstance as he had alluded to, it was better to have recourse to it as a dernier and desperate resort If he could not get the description of labour he wanted he would take what he could get (Coolies or blackfellows) Mr It in a long by speech said he considered the present meeting was a mere election ruse He did not consider the Anti- TransPortation Committee had any right to arrogate to themselves being the colony and put this question they had to Mr Fitzgerald, and had" over stepped the modesty of nature by this stepping, out, and made some observations on mock patriotism, the qualifications of (iindidates,senatorlal honours, and the moving principles of human nature The motion was then put by the Chairman, who requested all in favour of Mr Michie to take the right hand sale of the room and those on the contrary the left The mail in was declared carried, and it few friends of Mr Fitzgerald who were present immediately left the room. A committee to secure Mr Michie t return was then appointed, and the meeting terminated 