THE ROYAL MARINES. CHATHAM, APRIL 16.—At 9 o'clock on Satur- day morning the Black Eagle steam- yacht, Master-Commander Cook, from Sheerness, ar- rived opposite the Dockyard, with the Ad- miralty flag flying at the mast head, having on board the Lords of the Admiralty. Immedi- ately the Admiral's boat, manned from the Poictiers, in charge of First-Lieutenant Tucker, went alongside and received their Lordships, and landed them at the Queen's-stairs, where a guard of honour was waiting, consisting of two companies of the Royal Marine Artillery under command of Captain G. C. Langley, and the divisional colour supported by Lieutenant Hawkey, with the band of the division. Their Lordships, consisting of the Right Honorable the First Lord, Sir Francis Thornhill Baring; Rear- Admiral J. W. Deans Dundas; Captain Alexander Milne; with Captain Sir Baldwin W. Walker, K.C.B., the Surveyor of the Navy ; and Colonel Irvine, C.B., the Director General of Architectural and Engineer Works, on landing at the Dockyard were received by the Captain-Superintendent, Sir Thomas Bouchier, K.C.B. ; Mr. J. Laire, Master Shipwright, and other principal officers of the yard. Rear Admiral Dundas presented to the notice of the First Lord Commander Joseph Cammilleri, of the Poictiers, and also Com- mander F. Shortland, recently appointed to the Columbia, surveying steam-vessel ; Cap- tain Thomas R. Mould, officer of Royal Engi- neers in charge of works. Lieutenant John Wise, Director of Police, attended their Lord- ships. On their passing, the guard of honour presented arms and the band played " Rule Britannia." Their Lordships and the officers of the yard first proceeded to the office of the Captain-Superintendent ; there they remained a short time ; then they took a view of the Cressy, 80 guns, in an advanced state of build- ing ; they then proceeded to the rigging store- house, and went through the range of long store-rooms, in which is kept fitted rigging for every description of ship ; so that when a ship is put in commission, the rigging being ready is immediately put on board without any inconvenience. They then inspected the pat- tern-room, in which all pattern-stores are kept received from the several contractors for the last ten years ; and at 11 o'clock their Lord ships proceeded to the Marine Barracks, and there they were received by Colonel J. Owen, K.H., Deputy Adjutant-General, and Colonel John Wright, K.H., commandant of the divi- sion, and a number of other officers. The battalion was under arms in the square of the barracks, consisting of 66 ser- geants, 63 corporals, and about 800 pri- vates. Colonel Wright immediately caused the division to form a line, and upon their Lordships approach the troops presented arms, the band playing "God Save the Queen." Their Lordships, with Colonel Wright and the Deputy Adjutant-General, inspected the troops, by passing in front of the line, after which they were formed into sixteen com- panies, and, marched past their Lordships in slow and quick time, the band playing. Their Lordships then proceeded to the store-room ; then went under the Colonnade, and inspected 140 recruits, a very fine set of young men, from eighteen to twenty-five years of age ; thence to the Armoury, and to the barrack- rooms ; after which they went to the boys' school, and Colonel Wright, who takes con- siderable interest in the school, told the First Lord that he should wish some of the boys to be examined, as he could assure their Lord- ships that the school was in as efficient a state as any private seminary, and their master, Sergeant William Maxwell, was ready to put the boys through a course of geography, &c.; The First Lord thanked Colonel Wright, but remarked that their time was limited ; and they then went and inspected a newly-erected washhouse for the men, which is fitted up with every convenience possible, in the rear of the barracks, and they also took a view of a new racket-house, which is covered with an iron roof, and after inspecting the officers' mess- room and the non-commissioned officers' mess- room, they went to the ship-gun battery, to witness the manoeuvres of the great gun exer- cise (as practised on board the Excellent at Portsmouth), under the command of Captain Brown. At the conclusion their Lordships re- paired to Melville Hospital, and after inspect- ing the several wards of that establishment, completed their inspection. Their Lordships then addressed Colonel Wright, the Comman- dant, and expressed to him in the most unqua- lified and flattering terms their entire approval of everything under his orders and directions. The entire economy of the division, their Lord- ships said, was admirable in the extreme, and the soldierlike appearance of the men bespoke their efficiency and discipline. The barrack- rooms were pronounced to be models of order and regularity and cleanliness, and every de- partment evinced the perfection of the system. To this the venerable Colonel replied in words to this effect :—' Sir Francis and my Lords, I cannot receive as I could wish the high com- pliment which you have just paid me, for it is impossible for me to forget the harsh, the se- vere, and, I will add, the undeserved and un- just public censure which the board had read to me by your secretary, Mr. Ward, and the Whole of the officers under my command, not more than a month ago. I was then told in your Lordships' minutes that I had counte- nanced insubordination, and that I had permitted disgraceful acts, highly discreditable to the division, to be carried on by the officers under my command. My fidelity and that of the division was even called into question, and I was reprimanded for all this in the presence of all the officers some of whom, the greater number, had not been six months in the service. I was told, in fact, by your lordships in pretty plain terms, that I was not fit to command, and I now tell your lordships that I am not ambitious under such circumstances of remaining in my present situation, for I feel that I cannot serve with honour or credit to myself any longer, and I therefore request to be superseded. I had hoped after a period of fifty-five years' service, never having been found fault with before, that I should have retired with an unsullied pro- fessional reputation. That hope has been denied me, for your lordships' censure, to which I have alluded, and which has wounded me too deeply ever to be forgotten, has cast a stain upon my military character that no sub- sequent compliments, such as those I have just received, can wipe away ; that censure was as undeserved by the officers as it was unmerited by me. I again request to be superseded in my command." Their Lordships seemed " taken aback" at this unexpected reply to their encomiums, and both parties separated in silence, but on the arrival of their Lordships in the dock-yard, they sent for Colonel Owen, the deputy adju- tant- general of tho corps, (who had previously retired with their Lordships' permission), and after being closeted with that officer about a quarter of an hour, he, the Colonel, repaired to his hotel, and sent an express for Colonel Wright, but what passed between them has not of course transpired. It is generally thought that their Lordships' will cause the offensive minute already alluded to be ex- plained away or expunged from their records, seeing how undeserved was the sweeping con- demnation which it conveyed ; but be this as it may, the universal feeling is that the Colonel has vindicated himself and his officers, by whom he is not only respected but beloved. It is gene- rally believed that the board which their lordships formed in the dockyard on this occasion had for its object the re-consideration of Captain Urquhart's case, their lordships having been called upon by the Queen in Council to report upon the petition from that officer to Her Majesty ; it is thought it is their intention to recommend that officer for restora- tion. Their lordships, previous to their depar- ture, inspected the whole of the men of the dockyard, and left by the Gravesend and Ro- chester railway train, at 4 o'clock P.M., the Black Eagle steam-vessel having gone round to Gravesend to receive their lordships for con- veyance to Woolwich. DEATII OF SIR ANDREW AGNEW.—It is with deep sorrow that we record the death of Sir Andrew Agnew, of Lochnaw, Bart., which took place at his house, Rutland- square, on Thursday night, at eight o'clock. Towards the end of February Sir Andrew had imposed great labour upon himself in preparing for the meetings of the Caledonian and Scottish Cen- tral Railway Companies, which he attended, and in the business of which he took part. This, added to his other labours, incessantly prosecuted in the great cause of the Sabbath, brought on a slight attack of fever. He ral- lied, however, and his friends cherished the hope of his ultimate and speedy recovery ; nor was it till a few days ago that he showed symptoms of relapse, and that his family and medical attendants began to be alarmed. From this time he sank gradually until Thursday last, when he expired. The character and la- bours of the deceased baronet are so well known, not in this country only, but all over Christendom, that it is unnecessary for us to dwell upon them. He had devoted himself to one great and holy cause—the Sabbath. For this only did he live. Whatever faculty he possessed, whatever influence he wielded, whatever office he filled, whatever rank he held, was made subservient to the fur- therance of the sacred cause to which he had devoted his life. He was most un- wearied in seeking out opportunities of keeping the question before the public eye, and ot promoting the national observance of that day, both in his place in Parliament, where he at one time represented his native county, and in the meetings of railway companies. After years of hard fighting, he succeeded in inducing the directors of the Edinburgh and Glasgow railway to close their line on the Sabbath ; and with regard to those railways that remain shut, we feel that we owe it mainly to the exertions of Sir Andrew in bringing the public mind to bear on the question. His victories were gained by his perseverance and his high moral courage. He stood undaunted before oppo- sition which would have dismayed ordinary men. His temper was never ruffled–his exer- tions were never relaxed–nor did he suffer his hopes ever to flag ; and though he had many opponents, not one of them ever ventured to question the purity of his motives, or deny the inflexible integrity and consistency of his cha- racter. Sir Andrew was born in 1793. His mother was the sixth child of Lord Kinsale, the premier baron of Ireland—the title having been created in 1181. Sir Andrew succeeded his father in 1809 ; and is now succeeded by his son, Captain Agnew, who in 1847 married the daughter of the Earl of Gainsborough.— Edinburgh Witness, April 14. THE STATE OF ITALY.—The condition of the Roman States presents an almost unparalleled picture of anarchy, terror, and confusion. In Ancona, the capital of the Marches, the popu lation, 30,000 in number, is ruled by about twenty ruffians of the lowest order-porters, wine-sellers, &c;, who ore leading members of the Circolo del Popolo, and arrogate to them- selves executive authority in addition to the direction of affairs. Any person rendering himself obnoxious to this body is doomed to certain death ; and upon a word in disap- proval of the Republican fraternity, carries out its own decrees and commits murder in the most public situation«, within sight and hear- ing of the "Corpo de Guardia," with perfect impunity. Within the last three months there is no exaggeration in stating that at least 100 assassinations have been perpetrated in the town. The assassins are all known, yet walk at large, the Government seeming either un- willing or unable to arrest them. To such proficiency have they attained in the art of stabbing that the first blow rarely fails : but when its effects are not fatal, and the victim is placed under treatment, the surgeons in atten- dance receive threatening letters, warning them to dread the consequences to themselves should the patient recover. A most atrocious outrage occurred on the night of the 31st ultimo, when ten or twelve of the wretches already men- tioned entered the reading-room of the Cassino and rudely desired that the Bologna Gazette should be given up to them, that it might be burnt, for having brought the bad tidings of the total overthrow of the Piedmontese forces at Novara. To enforce their demand they struck the seven or eight individuals who were in the room. One of these, the Marchese Nemdrini, roused by this indignity, offered Borne remonstrance, when he was surrounded and instantly stabbed to the heart. It is not certain whether this murder was premeditated or not, but it is generally supposed it was, as the poor Marcheso had the habit of freely ex- pressing his opinions, and was known to be adverse to the existing state of things. No one dreamed of securing the assassins, who, as if glorying in their deed, were seen next morning together in a group in the centre of the Great Plazza. On the same night, four other assas- sinations took place, yet no effort was made to stem the torrent. It is impossible to convey an idea of the fear which paralyses all classes, those parions who lost year would have been considered ultra-Liberals aro now denounced, because they havo remained firm to their origi- nal principle», and have not embraced the tenet* of the Red Republicans, whose reign will bo chronicled in character* of blood.- Corre pondent of the Globe. ARMY.— The following are the appointments and promotions in the 24th foot, rendered ne- cessary by the casualties at the Battle of Chillianwalla :—24th Regiment of Foot.—To be Lieutenant-Colonels, without purchase—Major Howell Paynter, vice Brookes, killed in action. Major John Harris, vice Pennycuick, killed in action. To be Majors—Brevet-Major John Harris, vice Paynter. Captain Augustus George Blachford, vice Henry William Harris, killed in action. Captain William Gustavus Brown, vice John Harris. To be Captains— Lieutenant Francis Spring, vice Lee, killed in action. Lieutenant John Henry Lutman, vice Travers, killed in action. Lieutenant George Ellis Lloyd Williams, vice C. R. Harris, killed in action. Lieutenant Francis Charles Skurray, vice J. Harris, promoted. Lieutenant Sweeton Grant, vice Blachford, promoted. Lieutenant Andrew John Macpherson, vice Shore, killed in action. Lieutenant Richard Aubin Croker, vice Brown, promoted. To be Lieutenants— Ensign William Douglas Hall Baillie, vice George Phillips, killed in action. Ensign Henry John Hinde, vice Payne, killed in action. Ensign Robert Geoffery Augustus de Montmorency, vice Woodgate, killed in action. Lieutenant Robert Halanan, from the 18th Foot, vice Spring. Ensign Alexander Robert Moubray, from the 29th Foot, vice Lutman. Ensign James Stewart, from the 98th Foot, vice Williams. Ensign Joseph Charles Good- fellow, from the 10th Foot, vice Skurray. Ensign Francis Stanford,from the 53rd Foot, vice Grant. Ensign Richard Henry Travers, from the 10th Foot, vice Macpherson. Ensign John Nagel, from the 61st Foot, vice William Phil- lips, killed in action. Ensign Thomas Airy, from the 80th Foot, vice Croker.—To be En- sign—Ensign George Wedderburn, from the 5 id Foot, vice Collis, killed in action. Ensign Lord Frederick Montagu, from the 12th Foot, vice Pennycuick, killed in action. Ensign William Vesey Munnings, from the 67th Foot, vice Baillie. Ensign Robert Hamilton Mont- gomerie, from the 76th Foot, vice Hinde. Ensign John Augustus O'Neill, from the 97th Foot, vice de Montmorency. The Revenue Accounts for the year and quarter are in that balanced state which ena- bles commentators to describe them as satis- factory or unsatisfactory at pleasure. On the quarter, the Customs show an ¡ncrease of £200,000 ; the Excise, a decrease of £180,000 ; the nett decrease of the whole quarter is £264,000. On the year, the oscillation is a little wider. Excise shows a decrease of £720,000, and Property-tax £140,000 ; but then Income-tax collecters are indulgent, and the check to railway speculation has checked the consumption of spirits, beer, and bricks. On the other hand, there is a bouncing increase in Customs of £1,170,000. The nett increase of the whole year is £867,000. Matters are mending, it seems ; but we do not see that the tables establish any very striking conclusions.— Spectator. COMMISSIONERSHIP OF THE IONIAN ISLES. Mr. Ward, the Secretary of the Admiralty, will not enter upon his new appointment until alter tho estimates have been passed. The present Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands, Lord Seaton, receives a salary of £5000 per annum, besides £1200 a year as Lieutenant-Colonel of the 15th Dragoons. We hear that Mr. Ward has accepted the office with the reduction from its present emoluments £1000. The future Lord High Commission of the Ionian Islands, therefore, will receive no more than £4000 a year. It is stated that Sir F Baring, having declined a peerage, will under- take the Admiralty responsibility in the Lower House, and Mr. F. Tuffnell, M.P., removes from the Treasury to succeed Mr. Ward as Secretary to the Admiralty. This transfer will not create any necessity of vacating his seat for Devonport, THE " CLERGY RELIEF" BILL.—MR. SHORE'S CASE.—This bill, we learn, has passed through the select committee to which it was referred, and has been reprinted with some important amendments. Tho objectionable fourth clause, enabling seceding clergymen to deprive and depose themselves, has been altered so as to make the deprivation and deposition the act of the bishop, who is now directed to record sen- tence of deprivation and sentence of deposition against the seceder, and such sentences are to have the effect of sentences by any duly authorised ecclesiastical court. All offices held by the seceder as a member or minister of the church are thereupon to be instantly determined and vacant ; and no clergyman is to be liable to prosecution for refusing to administer to to him any right or sacrament of the church. Two clauses have also been added, apparently to meet the case of Mr. Shore, the first en- abling persons in custody under any writ de contumace capiendo, for contempt of court, to regain their liberty on making the prescribed declaration, and payment of costs ; the other stopping prosecutions for preaching in unli- censed places before the passing of the act.— Guardian. At Gloucester Assizes, Sarah Harriet Tho- mas, aged nineteen, was tried for the murder of her mistress, Elizabeth Jeffries, at Bristol. The main points of the testimony in this case have been already noted. It came out, however, that the deceased was of a violent temper : she continually quarrelled with her servants, and threatened to beat them ; she was very urgent in rousing them in the morning ; the murder seems to have been committed about five o'clock in the morning, when a neighbour heard screams, but concluded that it was the maid who was uttering them because her mistress was pulling her out of bed. On these things Mr. Sergeant Allen built up the defence. He did not deny that it was by Thomas' hand that the old lady died ; the story she had told of a former servant hav- ing been the murderer was all trumped up. But he urged that the crime was not preme- ditated ; most probably Miss Jeffries had as- sailed her maid, and beaten her ; and then Thomas, in her exasperation, had turned upon her mistress, and inflicted the fatal wounds ; that would be manslaughter, not murder. Mr. Baron Platt's summing up was adverse to this view. The Jury deliberated for half an hour, and then gave a verdict of "Guilty,, with a recommendation to mercy on account of the culprit's youth. In passing sentence of death the Judge said he saw no reason for concurring in the Jury's merciful recommendation. Except during her counsel's speech and the Judge's sentence, when she wept, the prisoner exhi- bited no emotion : during the absence of the Jury, she laughed heartily at the evidence in a horse- stealing case. Thomas is described as a good looking girl, without any traits in her countenance denoting a criminal disposition. PRINTING MACHINES.—The cylinder printing machines in Messrs. Hoyles' print works, May- field, Manchester, print a mile of calico in an hour ! If fifteen of these machines work unin- terruptedly for only ten hours each day, and for six days in the week, they would be able to print cotton dresses in one such week for one hundred and sixty-two thousand ladies ! The actual number of miles of calico printed by this eminent firm alone in a single year, ex- ceeds ten thousand, more than sufficient to measure the diameter of our planet with. ! THE NEGLECT OF LIFE ASSURANCE. —It is a remarkable fact, but one ascertained beyond the »hadow of a doubt,-and indeed we are disposed to stake our reputation, as the only life assurance organ, on the truth of what we Bro going to assert,-that not five per cent, of the whole population have had the forecast to perform the most important duty that de- volves upon all men-but more especially those " who marry wives," namely, assuring their ' lives. Scarcely two per cent, of the popula- tion of the entire kingdom have done so. This is the more remarkable and unaccountable, »ince the death of every thousand persons in the middle and lower ranks of life who have not assured their lives leaves at least 4000 women and children in poverty, if not in ab- solute penury, who might otherwise be left in comparative affluence.-The Reporter and Assurance Chronicle. MB. DYCE SOMBRE.—The celebrated Dyce Sombre case was again argued, last week, be- fore the Lord Chancellor. In the course of the proceedings, on Wednesday, his Lordship, ob- serving Mr. Bethell to be in the court, handed down a letter which had been received by Lady Cottenham from Mr. Sombre in 1847. Mr. Bethell read the letter. It bore the post mark of the 3rd of March, 1847, was addressed to Lady Cottenham, and contained Mr. Sombre's card, on which was written in the lunatic's hand " an allowance of £1500 a year for life, if the judgment is for the superseding the commission, and for a divorce." That letter, the learned counsel thought to be conclusive of the insanity. If it was not the act of an insane man, it de- served more serious notice. His Lordship said that insanity was the best excuse for it. It was shown that communications had also been ad- dressed by Mr. Sombre to Mr. Bright, the surgeon, on the 3rd of March, 1847—the date of the letter to Lady Cottenham—and in it there was the lunatic's card, with an offer of £250 a year for life. Another was addressed to Mrs. Southey, wife of Dr. Southey, with a card, containing an offer of the same sum ; and a third was addressed to Lord John Russell, having appended to it a paper with the sum of £1000 marked in pencil, evidently intended to be an offer of that sum as a rcmuneration for the service required from his Lordship. The decision has not yet been given. FALSE ESTIMATE OF RAILWAY SPEED.—The ordinary speed of George Stephenson's Killing- worth engine, in 1814, was four miles an hour. In 1825, Mr. Wood, in his work on railways, took the standard at six miles an hour, draw- ing forty tons on a level ; and so confident was he, that he gauged the power of the locomo- tive, that he asserted—" nothing could do more harm towards the adoption of railways than the promulgation of such nonsense as that we shall see locomotive engines travelling at the rate of twelve, sixteen, eighteen, and twenty miles an hour." The promulgator of such nonsense was George Stephenson. In 1829, it was estimated that, at fifteen miles an hour, the gross load was nine and a half tons, and the net load very little ; and that, therefore, high speed, if attainable, was perfectly useless. Before the end of that year, George Stephen- son got with " the Rocket," a speed of twenty nine and a half miles an hour, carrying a net load of nine and a half tons. In 1831, his en- gines were to draw ninety tons on a level, nt twenty miles an hour. When the speed of the locomotive was set beyond question, prejudice then took the alarm about safety, and a very strong stand has, from time to time, been made for a limitation of speed. Within these eight years, the London and Birmingham Directors considered twenty miles an hour was enough ; but the vigour of the broad gauge advocates has tripled the working power of the locomo- tive, and given us sixty miles an hour where we hould have been lingering at twenty !— Hyde Clarke. . SYMPTOMS OF CONSERVATIVE RE-UNION.— Mr. DISRAELI'S COURTESIES TO Sir ROBERT PEEL.—We do not desire to disturb the tran- quil bliss of the liberated victims of a nation's confidence by passing any strictures on their last week's work, but we may notice a trifling incident or two significant of something inte- resting to them and to us. We have before no- ticed more than one indication of the rapproche- ment of the Conservative party to their old general, and during the last few days we have marked other symptoms of a forgetfulness of mutual wrongs, and of an inclination to come to mutual understandings. It was curious to see Mr. Disraeli the other night, when he wt* criticising the new " grand and comprehen- sive scheme" for IrUh regeneration, dimly sha- dowed forth by Sir Robert Peel, how tenderly he treated tho right honorable baronet-how deferentially he " presumed to differ" in opi- nion from one who " deservedly" had auch in- fluence in the country. It wa« curious, likewise, to see Sir Robert Peel, while hi« scheme was undergoing tho abovementioned criticism, how attentively and respectfully he listened to the honorable member for Buckingham-how gra- ciously he nodded assent to many of the pro- positions laid down-how flatteringly he cried " Hear, hear," to «uch sentiment* as he could approve. Ah, there wa* a vast change in the meaning of the glances and tones exchanged betwwn these gentlemen from what we can remember ! The insulting contempt, the irreconcilable hatred, the bitter personal dislike that used to characterise the rencontres of these master* of rhetoric were no longer visible ; in their «tead appeared the moat charitable signs of repentance for bygone intemperances, and of hope* of future recon- ciliation. "When the Protectionist leader sat down too, Sir Robert Peel, instead of removing from the disagreeable proximity of one who hsd heaped upon his head every abusive epi- thet in the vocabulary of our parliamentary language, kept his seat within one of Mr. Disraeli-a thing wa don't remember to have seen «ince the time of the memorable rupture of 1846. But the Irish debate afforded another token of the advance of reconciliation between Sir R. Peel and the country party. The Marquis of Granby got »o far as to style the late " Base betrayer of the gentlemen of England" hi* right hon. friend" a style he continued during the whole of his speech, and which is certainly rather a strong proof that the obstacles to a hearty shake hands between all the crew are not now very formidable. In fact, the Conservative*, or Protectionist*, or whatever they be, cannot do without a head, and Sir R. Peel is the only one left for them to choose. Mr. Disraeli is well enough for a brilliant oration, but he would sacrifice all the parties that ever were formed to a vain- glorious personal display. Mr. Augustus Stafford has all the vanity of Mr. Disraeli, without an iota of hie genius. By the way, this aspirant to the leadership was left on Tuesday night, or rather Wednesday morning, to wa toll the winding up of the order of the day,-and a «ad mess he made of it. He took Mr. Disraeli's motto, " that the business of the Opposition is to op- pose" au pied de U lettre, and actually opposed everything right or wrong. The bringing in of bill», which the courtesy of the House inva- riably permits, he objected to, one after the other, exposing himielf and his party to the ignominious punishment of appearing in a minority of fifteen ! "Oh, wise young man ! \- ob, excellent judge !" But to come back to our subject, the fierce hostility of the Protec- tionist party to Sir R. Peel is fast subsiding, and we are much mistaken if he be not found again, ere long, leading them-Heaven knows where.-- Atlas, April 7. An extraordinary notification is copied by the New York Herald of the 8th March, from " one of the German papers of that city," and headed—" Proclamation of the German-Ame- ricans to their German Brethren in Old Fatherland." It states that prayers and re- presentations and efforts have been made in vain by the German people to the oppressors, emperors, kings, and princes of all kinds, to induce them to abandon their unnatural posi- tions ; prayers which they have answered only by cannon-shots, and murders. No means are seen of " rooting out these deadly enemies of mankind," other than that the German Americans should offer rewards to the person or persons who by any means whatever shall make the barbarians of the nineteenth century to be and abide harmless and incapable of hurting—"Therefore we offer the following sums of money :—For destroying the Emperor of Austria, 30,000 guilders ; for destroying the King of Prussia, 25,000 guilders ; for destroy- ing any other king, prince, or duke, 16,000 guilders ; for the head of the com- mon hangman Windischgrätz, 10,000 guilders. We believe we can justify these measures be- fore the world, because they are open, and against men destructive to the common race of men, whose hearts are hardened against every feeling of justice, and whose actions are not better than those of common thieves and murderers. We further believe, and it is our firm conviction, that it is the moat holy duty of every free man to help to banish them from the earth, and to root out their majeaties from among the people ; and they who help to do this work ought to be highly honoured and esteemed, each one of them as a William Tell. For the punctual payment of these rewarde, as soon as the doer or doers of the deed are properly identified, to be paid to them or their heirs, we pledge our fortunes and our honours. —In the name of the "Union, L, A. Wollen- weber, Corresponding Secretary, No. 277,' North Third-street, Philadelphia, to whom all applications and letters (post paid) must be addressed," THE PLANTATION OF CONNAUGHT. -—The Times in an article (of which we give the pith) upon the scheme propounded by Sir Robert Peel for a new " plantation" of Ireland, ob- serves that Sir Robert is giving several hours a day to the elaboration of his design, and confidently hopes to accomplish what Lord Bacon advised, what James I. did, and what we see at this day in the province of Ulster. What has been done may be done again. "Planting" Ireland, that is, setting out the estates afresh and introducing a new race of proprietors and holders on a new foundation, clear of all old debts, is the only plan which has answered yet for the unfortunate country. True, we cannot make Connaught a rasa tabula, and people it afresh. But has not Providence, in the course of its mysterious dispensations, brought about again an extraordinary con- juncture of circumstances so near akin to those which opened Ulster to the British settler as to encourage a like attempt ? Famine and pesti- lence have done the work of war. The Poor Law has effected a more thorough confiscation than the sword of Essex or of Cromwell. Connaught is no longer the last resource. The new world presents a milder alternative. The West of Ireland is bankrupt, and half depopu- lated. Proprietor and peasant are equally help- less. The union workhouses do the duty of garrisons, and subject to the most effectual terrorism a people who heretofore have neither worked nor paid taxes, as we do in this island Has not the crisis come for a new " planta- tion" of Ireland ? The only impediments are such as we can or ought to remove. With a timely stretch of its undeniable prerogative, the British Legislature can give a good title, and secure the purchaser from being revisited by the ghost of the old masters. It is not to be done by mincing the matter. The Encum- bered Estates Act is too fine an instrument for the occasion. We will not say how forfeited estates should be dealt with, but if they are rightfully forfeited, it will be mercy to all par- ties to deal with them summarily. They should fall into the new hands with a new grant, barring all claims upon them. This is one difficulty. The other is pauperism. Now the much-villified bill before the house pre- pares the West of Ireland for the approach of the British capitalists, by fixing a maximum of poor rate. Under no circumstances what- ever will the rates of the very worst elec- toral district be more than 7s. 6d. in the pound ; and should the new proprietor be able to employ, or otherwise dispose of his own poor, he will not contribute, at the very worst, more than 2s. 6d. to the poverty of his neigh- bours,viz., 2s. for the union, and 6d. for the nation at large. At present, however, every- thing is at the lowest ebb. With property in a hopeless entanglement, and with the surround- ing flood of pauperism ever ready to flow in, it would be a downright cruelty to invite the owner of a few spare thousands to invest it in Connaught. The settler must be protected from evils worse than any that ever assailed back- woodsman, pauperism and law. By means of the rate in aid he will compound for a certain quantity of the first, and unless Parliament chooses to knock under to the Irish lawyers, it will secure him from the second. Such we presume to be the prime difficulties Sir R. Peel has to encounter in his design. Should he succeed in bringing a feasible measure before the Legisla- ture, he will deserve the co-operation of all good and true men. 