THE REV. BAPTIST NOEL. To the Bishop of London. MY LORD,-As a Dissenter from the doctrine and discipline of the Establishment, I have taken before a magistrate the oaths prescribed by 52 George 3 ; yesterday I preached for Mr. Binney at the Weigh-house chapel, and re- ceived the Lord's Supper with the members of that church ; and I am ready to do any other proper and lawful act which your lordship may suggest by which I may publicly declare my dissent. I had intended to be silent for some time, but the progress of Mr. Bouverie's bill has changed my intention, because as that bill will doubtless pass through the House of Lords without material alterations, and I am unabie to avail myself of it, I wish to ascer- tain as soon as possible, whether its effect will be to sentence me to imprisonment for preach- ing the gospel. Had the act simply declared that that the seceding clergyman is deprived of all offices and emolu ments within the Establishment, and in- capable of them for the time to come, I should have throughly approved it. Had it further enacted that each seceder, upon a proof of his secession, should be deposed from the minis- try, I might have thought that the legislature was intruding into matters beyond its com- petence, when it ordered bishops to depose ministers of Christ, and that this afforded new proof of the bondage of the Church to the State in spiritual things, but I should have submitted cheerfully to its enact- ments. But this bill makes me a party to my own deposition from the ministry. I am to cer- tify to your lordship my avowal of dissent, upon which you are ordered to "depose me from holy orders," and then I am to be free from all pains and penalties. To avail myself of this act is to purchase exemption from legal penalities by consenting to my de- position from the ministry ; it is to avow, not that I have ceased to be a minister of the establishment, but that I have ceased to be a minister of Christ. Were deposition from or- ders merely an act of exclusion from the body of an established clergy, I should willingly consent to it ; but as it is an act which de- clares me to be no longer a minister of Christ, I cannot do so ; because, with every wish to pay due respect to the legislature, I cannot purchase exemption from any penalties by a Ke. When I was ordained, I was required to de- clare my belief that I was " inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon me this office and ministration," and that I was "called ac cordirg to the will of our Lord Jesus Christ to the ministry of the Church." Those who lightly enact the deposition of a minister may think that this declaration is a farce ; but in my case, at least, it was a snlemn declaration of the truth. That call of Christ, determined by the influence of the Holy Spirit in the heart, with other suitable qualifications, seems to me the substance of ordination ; and the recogni- tion of this call by a bishop is one among several modes in which the call of the Church is added to the call of God. As I bilieved then I believe now, that I have been called to the ministry by Christ, and no prelate, Church, or Parliament, can either exonerate me from the obligations of the ministry, or deprive me of its privileges; and if I should say, as this bill invites me, that I have ceased to be an ordained minister of Christ, I should lie. Although I attach no especial value to episcopal ordination, yet it is valid ; and I can 'no more be a layman, than a Presbyterian or Congregational minister is so, Whatever, therefore, Parliament may enact, I can neither cease to be a minister, nor cease to preach ; and, if the law requires it, I would rather suffer any length of imprisonment for preaching the gospel than purchase an exemption from trouble, by either declaring that I am no minister, or by censing to preach. I shall take the liberty of sending this letter to two or three newspapers, because I wish the character of the " relief " afforded to seceding clergymen," by the bill now passing through Parliament, to be known. I remain, my dear Lord, Your Lordship's faithful servant, BAPTIST W. NOEL. Hornsey, May 7.1849. 