DEVOTION OF A YOUNG AME RICAN GIRL. When the news reached Charleston that the British had encamped on Mr. Gibbe's plantation, tbc authorities in that city despatched two galleys to dis- lodge them. 1 hese vessels ascended the river in the night, and arriving op posite, opened a heavy fire upon the invaders' encampment. The men hnd received' strict injunctions not to fire upon the house fur fear of injury to any of the family. It could not how ever, he known to Mr. Gibbes that such a caution had been given ; nnd as soon as the Americans began their fire dread ing some accident, he proposed to It is wife that they should take the children and seek a place of greater safely. Their horses being in the enemy's hands they had no means of conveyance ; but Mrs. Gibbes, with energies roused to exertion by the danger, ntid anxious only to secure shelter for her helpless charge set off to walk with the children to an adjoining plantation situated in the interior. A drizzling rain was falling, and the weather was extremely chilly ; the firewas incessant from the American guns, and sent — in order to avoid the house — in a direction which j was in a range with the course of the 1 fugitives. The shot, falling around 1 .them cut the bush 's and struck the trees I on every side. Exposed each iiiomeut | -to this imminent danger, they continued 1 their flight with as much haste as pos- I sible for about a mile, till beyond the ! teach of the shot. Having reached the j bouses occupied by the negro labourers ! on the plantation, they stopped for a j few moments to rest-- Mrs. Gibbes, ; wet chilled, and exhausted by fatigue | and mental anxiety, felt her strength utterly fail, and was obliged to wtap herself in a tdanket and lie down upon one of the beds. It was at this time, when the party first drew breath freely — with thankfulness that the fears of ' death were over — that on reviewing the | trembling group to ascertain if all had j escaped uninjured, it was found that a I little boy, John Fen wick, was missing, j 1 In the hurry and terror of their flight i the child had been forgotten and left I behind ! What wa3 now to be done ? ' ! The servants refused to risk their lives | by returning for him ; and in common ! humanity Air. Gibbes could nut insist | that any one should undertake the des perate adventure. The roar of the distant guns was still heard, breaking at ' short intervals the deep silence of the : night. The chilly rain was falling and I the darkness was profound. Yet the ' thought of abandoning the helpless 1 boy to destruction was agony to the ' hearts of his relatives. In this cxtre- ' mity the self-devotion of a young girl , iuterposed to save him. Mary Anna, I the eldest daughter of Mrs. Gibbes, then | only thirteen years of age, determined to venture back — in spite of the fearful ' peril — alone. The mother dared not j oppose her noble resolution, which seemed indeed, an inspiration from | heaven ; and she was permitted to go. Hastening along the path with all the ' speed of which she was capable, she reached the house still in the undis turbed possession of the enemy, and requested permission from the sentinel to enter ; persisting in spite of refusal, till by earnest importunity of suppli- . cation she gained her object. Search ing anxiously through the bouse, she found the child in a room on the third story and lifting htm joyfully in her 1 arms carried him down, and fled with him to the spot where her anxious pa- ' rents were awaiting her return. The ! shot still flew thickly around Iter, : frequently throwing up the earth in her j way ; but protected by the providence that ' watches over innocence, she joined the ' rest of the family in safety. The boy I saved 011 this occasion by the iulrepi- ! dity of the young girl, was the late ; General Feuwick, distinguished for his j services in the last war with Great j Britain. — Women of America. I Murder ! — " .Not Guilty." The following magnificent oration was de- I livered somewhere in Wisconsin by one 1 of the profession, who would seem to have quite an aversion to capital punish ment ; — May it please your Lordship and gentlemen of the jury. The, case is as clear as ice, and sharp to the point as "no" from your sweetheart. The Scripture said," Thou shall not kill;" now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, as. plump as a goose-egg in a loafers face. Gentlemen, murder is 1 murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or by aii humble individual, like my client. Gentlemen, I do hot deny the fact of my client's having killed a man, but is that any reasotl why you should do so ? No such thing , gentlemen. You tnay bring the pri soner in "guilty'' — the hangman may do hisduty — but will ihatcxoueratcyou ? No such thing In that case yon will all be "murderers I ! !" Who among' you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to-day ? Who freemen— who, in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie knife or pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience ; buthnng my unfortunate client, nnd scalyalliga- tors of remorse will gallop through the internal principles of animal vertebrte, until the spinal vertebrte of your anato mical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins in despair. Gentlemen, beware of com mitting murder ? — beware I say, of meddling with the eternal prerogative I — beware, I say. Remember the fate of the man who attempted to study the ark and tremble. Gentlemen, I adjure you by the manumitted ghost of temporal sancity to do no murder ! — I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the ticking time-piece of time's theoretical trans migration, to do no murder ! — I adjure you by the love yon have for the esculent- and condimental gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder! — I adjure you by the stars set in the flying ensign of our emancipated country, to do no murder I — 1 adjure you by the American eagle that whipped the uni versal game cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic Telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigration, to do no inurJet I — And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to wear long- tailed coats — if yon ever expect free dogs not to bark at you — if you ever expect to wear hoots made of the free hide of the Rocky Mountain Buffalo — and to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set' of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctability — acquit my client, and save your countrv ! ! ! Verdict— Not Guilty! — American Paper. Tales of a Landlord — His house is free from amp ; the situation is healthy ; the water is beautiful ; the poor-rates are not worth mentioning ; the taxes a mere flra-hite ; it is in excellent re pair j it is a quiet, lushioriable iic- igli- bouthuod; omnibuses pass every two minutes : five pounds will make it a- " little elysium ; tie has relused double the rent, only lie wants a respectable tenant.— Comic Almanac. 