TIIE CASE OF THE REV. BAPTIST NOEL. The Rev. B. Noel present his compliments to the editor of the Times, and will be much obliged to him, if he does not judge it to bs inexpzdient, to insert in his journal the enclosed letter to the Bishop of London. Hornscy, May S. To the Bishop of London. My Lord—As a dissenter from the doctrine and discipline of the Establishment, I have taken before a magistrate the oatlis prescribed by 52 George the Third. Yesterday I preached for Mr Binney, at the Weigh-housc Chapel, and received the Lord's Supper with the members of that church, and 1 am ready to do any other proper and lawful act which your Lordship may suggest by which I may publicly declare my dissent I had intended to be silent for some time, but the progress of Mr Bouverie's Bill has changed my intention, because as that Bill will doubtless pass through the House of Lords without material alterations, and I am unable to avail myself of it, I wish to ascertain as soon as possible whether its effect will be to sentence me to imprisonment for preaching the Go. pel. Had the Act amply declared tliat the seceding ciergyn.an is deprived of all offices and emoluments within the Establishment and incapable of them for the time to come, I shou d have thoroughly approved it Had it further enacted that each seceder, upon proor of his secession, should be deposed from the ministry, I might have thought that the Leg^ature was intruding into matters beyond its competence when it ordered bishops to depose ministers of Christ, and that this afforded new proof of the bondage of the Church to the State in spiritual things, but I should have submitted cheerfully to it$ enactments. But this Bill makes me a party to my own deposition from the ministry. I am to certify to your Lordship my avowal of dissent, upon which you are ordered to 4 depose me from holy orders,' and then I am to be free from all pains and penalties. To avail myself of this Act is to purchase exemption from legal penalties by consenting to my deposition from the ministiy; it is to avow, not that I have ceased to be a minister of the Establishment, but that I have ceased to be a minister of Christ Were deposition from orders merely an act of exclusion from the body of the established clergy, I should willingly consent to it, but as it is an act which declares me to be no longer a minister of Christ, I cannot do so; because, with every wish to pay due respect to the Legislature, I cannot purchase exemption from any penalties by a lie. When I was ordained I was required to declare my belief that I was 4 inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon me this office and ministration,'and that was called according to the will of our Lord Jesus Christ to the ministry of the Church. Those who lightly enact die deposition of a minister may think that this declaration is a farce, bat in my case, at least, it was a solemn declaration of the truth. That call of Christ, determined by the influence of the Holy Spirit in the heart, with other suitable qualifications, seems to me the substance of ordination; and the recognition of this rail by a bishop is one among several modes in wliich the call of the Church is added to the call of God. " As. I believed then I believe now, that I have been called to the ministry of Christ, and no prelate, Church, or Parliament can either exonerate me from the obligations of the ministry or deprive me of its privileges, and if I should say—as this Bill invites me —that I have ceased to be an ordained minister of Christ I should lie. Although I attach no especial value to episcopal ordination, yet it is valid ; and I can no more be a layman than a Presbyterian or Congregational minister is so. Whatever, therefore, Parliament may enact, I can neither cease to be a minister nor cease to preach; and if the law requires it, I would rather suffer any length of imprisonment for preaching the Gospel than purchase an exemption from trouble by either declaring that I am no minister, or by ceasing to preach. I shall take the liberty of sending this letter to two or three newspapers, because I wish the character of the 4 relief' afforded to seceding clergymen by the Bill now passing through Parliament to be known. I remain, my dear Lord, Yoiir Lordship's faitliful servant, BAPTIST W. NOEL, Hornsey, May 7. 