POLICE COURT. Saturday) 8th September, James McDonald pleaded guilty to the charge of being drunk in the public streets, and was fined 5s. Jane Smith, a lady who but recently honoured tlie provinre with her presence, pleaded guilty to a similar charge. She declared it was a mere oversight on iter part, and one that would not orcur again. Bis Worship, trusting in the promise of the fair eonririalist, remitted the usual penalty. William Ames, who described himself as a labourer, was charged with rescuing Samuel Cobh (a prisoner iu custody for housebreaking) from the police, on the 6tb instant. Constable Greenwood repeated the statement already made at tlio committal of the man Ward. The cart was upset and the prisoner rushed agaiust the witness, and enabled the man in his custody to escape. The prisoner called a witnes«, but be declared be knew nothing of the matter, and was too much occupied when the cart upset to notice the prisoner's movements. Remanded until Monday for additional evidence. Monday, I Oth September. Henry Goodridge, John Ryan, and Joseph Hanson, three naughty drunkards, "all of a row," were charged with taking their potations too freely ou Saturday night last. On hearing the charge it was clear that conscience had made cowards of the lot, for not one denied it, and tbey were severally fined 5s. Geo. Allen Baker was cbaiged with stealing a brown cbesnut mare, belonging t i Mr B. Brown, of Kuugarilla, on the 6th instant. Helloes Browu stated that the prisoner lived about half a mile from him. On the 6th iust, whilst working on bis section, he saw the prisoner coming over a bill near the section on horseback, and drive i at a furious rate in amongst a herd of cattle that were outride witness's fence, and amongst which was witness's mare. The prisoner drove the cattle away in an opposite direction from his house. He and his wife were out all day looking after tbe mare, but could not find her, and saw nothing of Baker the whole of the dry. On Saturday night, which was after Baker was taken into custody, a man in the employ of Baker brought the animal home to witness. Police-constable James stated that, when he apprehended the prisoner, he acknowledged that be had driven the cattle away, and said that some of them belonged to Mr Douglas, but as to Brown's mare he knew nothing about it, nor did he care. Prosecutor examined by Mr Walker —Bis horses were not in tbe habit of straying away. Was at home when the man brought back the liorse, last Saturday week. Sent bis man into Baker's section to look afier bis horse. Harriett Brown, prosecutor's wife, stated that, ou the day the mare was driven away, she tracked her for more than three miles on a saody road, but coming to some hard " Bay O'Biscay*' land, she abandoned tbe search and returned home. The witness at first stated that she did not see the prisoner that evening, but on cros--e.\amina tion by Mr Walker, she said that that the prisoner saw her but she did not see him, and that he made use of some bad expressions to her. Witness could swear to the tracks of the mare from the peculiar marks made by it. Mr Walker submitted tbat there was no case made out against tbe ■ prisoner, as he could shew that his clieut had from lime to time driven away cattle in the same way, as they were tresspassing upon his premises. His Worship—That has nothing to do with the matter. If they were tresspassing they should have been impounded. It was decidedly illegal to drive them away in the manner sworn to. He should com mit tbe prisoner, but would take bail himself in £50, end two sureties of £25 each. Samuel Cobb, one of tbe two men who were taken into custody for stealing jewellery and other articles from the bouse of E. A. Jackson, at Salisbury, as reported iu our last publication, bnt who effected his escape on the journey into town, was this morning brought up charged ; with the robbery. Enoch Algernon Jackson stated during the last races he was assist ing Mr Wright, but from what he heard be ran towaids bis home, and passing it saw the prisoner crawling along the side of the creek. Witness took a stick and laid hold of the prisoner, and with the assistance of another parson secured him and handed him over to some people, aud then came into town for the police. Witness identified tbe property produced as his, among which was a key tba opened his door easily, and had a mark upon it which he made. William Trevaska repeated almost literally tbe evidence be gave last Friday, as to running to Jackson's hou e, finding the dcor open, tbe prisoner in the faonse, aud assisting in bis capture. Tbe prisoner looked now somewhat different to what he did on that day ; he had shaved off bis whiskers, but witness could swear that he was the same man. Police-constable Greenwood described taking the prisoner into custody with tbe other man Waid, aid escorting him as far as North Adelaide Hill, where the cart upset and tbe prisoner made his escape. Witness next saw him on last Saturday night, at Mr Gary's, Reed Beds, and took him and brought him to town on Sunday morning. Committed for trial. William Jmes, who was brought into Court handcuffed with the drisouer Cobb, was charged with rescuing him from tbe custody of the police on Saturday night last. Mr Stephen for the prisoner. Pi. lice-constable Frisweil gave evidence similar to that given by Greenwood, last Friday, which described the prisoner (the stout man there spoken of) a* being very troublesome while in tbecart; also tbat after tbe cart upset he iuterfered and aided the escape of Cobb from their custody. Witness said tbat while be had Cobb in custody the prisoner thrust himself between him and Cobb, aud said tbat witness should come along with bin. as his wife was killed, aud he should go for a doctor or take her to some public-bouse. The prisoner bad no wife in tbe cait. By Mr Stephen—Did not say to Serjeant Lorimer tbat tbe man at tbe bar was cot the man that was riding with the prisoners Cobb aud Ward. Indeed be was extremely delicate in speaking to the Serjeant upon the matter. At first he was doubtfu', bnt as he had seen bim two or three times since, be was sure he was the man. James Russell, the driver of the cart, was then examined, and said tbat on their journey tbe prisoner was rather noisy. He thought he was a little " fresh." When tire cart capsized, the prisoner assisted him to right it, and be helped him to get the horses harnessed, and as soon as ail was right he got into the cart. At this lime the police were away looking after (beir prisoners. Committed for trial, but bail allowed, two sureties id £50 each. Tuesday, 1 ith September. £ Before Mr C mmissioner Tolmcr. | Joseph Hatnsnn, Jtaiah Ault, Wm. Jones, and George Collins we e malcied io the common fine for drinking " not wisely, hot too wrll," thereby offending the temperate notions of the decently-dis posed part of the community. James Ball and the renowned David Graham, baker, were charged, tbe former with being drunk in Bundle-street on the previous even ing, and the latter with attempting the rescoe of Hall whilst in the hand< of the police. Police-Sergeant Games stated that, whilst on duty in Ruudle street. be saw the prisoner Hall In an awful state of drunkenness, and tried to take bim iuto custody, bnt he was very difficult to to manage, kicking and resisiing wituess very much. The prisoner Graham also came up and assisted Hall in his endeavour to escape, which he would l.ave done if witness bad not obtained assistance from Constable Cains. Police-constable Cains stated that he went to the assistance .of Sergeant Games, and fonnd the piisoner Hail strnggliug and kicking at bim, and behaving in a riotous manner. As soon as he came op the prisoner Graham took hold of witness's coot, and said, " Yon shall not take bim," and did all be could to release the prisoner Hall. His Worship addressed the prisoners with proper gravity, point ing out to them the great difficulty the police occasionally had in keeping the peace, and the necessity there was in protecting tbem la the discharge of their dnty. His Worship, in singling out the greatestsiouer, Graham, told him that he was clearly proved to have been " inciting to a resistance of the police so as to commit a breach of the peace;" and al'hough the law allowed bim to inflict a fine of £10, be wonld this time let bim off with £1. Hall he would fine 10s. We inesdc-y 1 ith September. George Smith, who has been several times remanded on a charge of ill-treating bis wife, was this day again remanded, to afford time for the recovery of the woman, who was unable to attend. Thursday, 13tft September. [Beiore Messrs Bonney and Tolmer.] James Dunlop was charged with being found drank and wallowing in the gaiter, in Hiudley-street, on the previous evening. Police constable Banks who took him into custody, stated that he found bim lying be pless in the gutter. He caald neither walk nor stand, and slated be was not mnch better now. His Worship -Lock bim up. The victim of bine ruin was promptly withdrawn, accompanied by a true blue. James Green and Eliza Baker were charged with robbing Dr. Knott of four shillings, a hair-comb, toothpick, two lances, and a key, on Tuesday night last. Dr. Knott stated that as he was going up Hindiey-slreet towards is house, on Tuesday night last, about half-past ten, just near the opening by the side of tbc " Clarendon Hotel," he was accosted by a . female, and moving awav to avoid her, some wretch sprung cut fretn , the opening, and seized hold of bim. The night was very dark, and all be knew was, that be bad to struggle and grapple with some wretch, but be could not say that the prisoner was the man. By the Bench- Conld not observe whether tbc male prisoner was drunk or soberj the night was too dark, and the assault too quick and prompt. The habiliments that the doctor had on when assaulted were bete brought forward, and.as they were severally held up for inspection, put tbc whole Court upon the broad grin. First came what once had been a waistcoat, and, donbtless, both from its material and cut when it existed in its integrity, it bad merits, wbicb the most perfec cxqui*Ue coald patronize; bnt, alas ! there was a sad division o members apparent—one of the most important of all, tbe left baud pocket, was non est; some of tbe buttons were gone, and a rent ran up tbe entire iengtli of tbe back, perfectly dividing the ttvo great divisions of tbe vest, wbicb were only held together with tbe narrow collarat tbe top ; and as it was held up, balanced by this small mem brane, it more resembled a dyed cabbage-leaf, rent in twain by the wind, than an article made to encase "the human form Divine ;" in fact soidi a ghost of a garment we never before witnessed. Next came a " woe begone" pair of trousers and coat; and, last, though not least, to claim a sympathetic tear, appeared a most " shocking bad bat," which bad been crneily battered from " brim to rim," and throughout Us whole breadth aud depth was profusely lubricated with mnddy wash. The articles were displayed principally to show the nature of the assault, and they told most graphically that tbe attack upou the doctor Was quite fierce, yet riot bloody— Not deadly, but most muddy. But be could not swear to the identity of the man. J. Denton, black smith, was then examined, and stated about tbe time named by Dr. Knott, as he was going op Hindley-strect, he heard a noise end scuffle ou the epposite side of tbe street, just op posite tbe opening xpnkeu of, and presently be beard a cjy of " Police!" and then saw a min run rapidly from tbe spot. He ran after aud stopped him, just behind witness's own bcuse, and held him tilt the police came. As soon as be got up to prisoner, be turned rouud and asked witness what be wan ed. He saw no female. Dr. Knott would not give him iu charge. By the prisoner - Did not bear tbe policeman say that ff I struck you be would let you go. Saw no woman with yon. Police-constable Lauder stated, that going up Hindlry-street on the night in question, he saw tbe female prisoner standing at tbe corner of Morphctt- strcet. She stopped him, and asked some questions about a woman that bad been committed to gaol. She endeavoured to detain him in conversation, but be passed on up tbe street, aud soon aftet heard a cry of " police," and saw the prisoner, or some other man, run awav. Witness ran up ihe street, and passed Dr. Knott, who was then rising from the grou .d. Witness kept tbe man iu sight titl he got under the house, aud when he get up to him, found bim in charge of the last witness. "By the Crurt -- Tbe female obstructed bim no further lhau he described. He saw no female neat Dr. Kuott nor the pri oner. The niglit was leiy dark, and it was difficult to di-:tinguith objects, but lie was certain it was one of Ihe - wo meu he found near the bouse, as he had kept him in sight the whole way there. Dr. Knott woold not give him in charge, and he therefore le- him go. Yesterday morning, however, be again took bim into custody. The barman to the " Clarendon Hotel" stated that, about half-past . ten, the two prisoners came into that bouse, and be gave the man a glass of ale, and the woman a nobbier of gin. They left togrt tor and about ten minutes afterwards be beard tbe row outside. By the female prisoner—Did not see tbe bruise ou your face when I seived you with liquor. Lander recalled—Searched the man when l took Mm into custody, yesterday, and found fivcpence, some tobacco, and three pipes. That was all. Both prisoners committed for assault aud stealing from tbe person. Friday, \Aih September. Thomas Shepherd, John Wilson. John Gains, end Thomas Stand, were cliarg.'d with being diunk. Tbey all readily acknowledged the sin, except Shepherd, who could not understand why he should suffer for the antics of a few nobblrrs, on an empty stomach, at 6 o'clock In the morning Tbe mob were fined 5s each and discharged. 