TEACHING THE YOUNG IDEA HOW TO SHOOT. Whether the corruption of language owes its origin more to oral than written communication would be in teresting to ascertain. Although we believe the general opinion-is affirmative of the former, we think that much evidence might he adduced to establish the latter. This is a problem, however, which at present we are neither willing nor competent to solve. We shall merely ob serve that whether we regard language in an ornamental or utilitarian point of view, its worth is invaluable ; consequently, we cannot deem it ignoble (although it is the fashion with many to speak lightly of grammatical errors) to stickle for grammatical purity, on which in a great measnre will depend the faithfulness and beauty, nay, even the worth and immortality of that great concentration of genius which, by its radiation through the arts and sciences, we now see so splendidly reflected in the comparative happiness and comfort of the human race. In addition to the unique specimen of composition with which we presented our readers last week, the fol lowing, we have no doubt, will prove highly amusing, if not instructive : — ST. ANDREW'S SCOTS CHURCH SCHOOL. This School, corner of Bathurst and Kent- streets, was opened for boys and girls, on Monday, the 16 th instant, at 9 o'clock, a m., under thedirection of Mr. Thomas Bain, lately arrived from Scot land, for instruction in the usual branches of an English education, viz. Reading, Writing, Arithmetic, English Grammar, His tory, &c.; Great care will be taken of the improvement of the children, and the girls will be taught female accomplishments, during part of the time, by Mrs. and Miss Bain. Hours of attendance from 9 to 4, with the usual interval at 12 o'clock. Apply at the School. An Evening Class for advanced pupils. An Infant Training school will also be attached to this establishment. Emanating, as this advertisement would seem, from a nursery in the sacred viciuity of the Bathurst-street watch-house, over tvhich, it is said, the Rev. Dr. M'Garvie and the ghost of - every dead schoolmaster stand in loco parentis, it was not too much to require from it a little sense or spirit, if not the usual courtesy to Lindley Murray. That we have been sadly disap pointed, is abundantly evidenced by the first sentence, which, when stripped of its diffuse and erratic descrip tion of the whereabouts, reads thus : — " This School was opened for boys and girls for instruction in the usual branches of an English Education." Who are to receive the " instruction" is not stated. We are left to conjecture whether it will be given to the boys and girls of the school, or to Mile's boys of the watch- house, next door. And if the instruction is to be limited to an English course of Education, where is the use of telling us that English Grammar shall be taught ? No one would suppose that a knowledge of Irish Grammar was necessary to an English Education. We shall not say anything about the omission of Geography in the catalogue of "branches," as wo think, taking all the circumstances into consideration, that the catalogue con tains more than the advertiser is well able to teach. What is the import of the expression, " Great care will be taken of the improvement of the children ?" (pro vided any " improvement" should occur was no doubt understood). How will he lake great care of the im provement ? By flattering the parents, or by publishing every symptom of scholastic progress in the exemplary and instructive manner in which he has opened the school ? Here is another gem : " the girls will be taught female accomplishments during part of the time." Not to speak of "accomplishments" as consisting in an English Education, particularly in such an Education as the pupils are likely to receive, we would beg to ask the writer, during what time are the accomplishments to he taught? There is no time mentioned previously but 9 o'clock. It is only in the last paragraph hut one, ihat we are informed of the school hours. Is a portion of 9 o'clock to he devoted to the purpose ? But even sup posing the time were properly stated, what would he the use of adding " during the time ?" It is not likely that any other ihan the time would he understood. " Hours of attendance from 9 to 4 with the usual interval," means, we presume, " excepting the usual interval," &c.; The remarkable nudity of " An Evening Class for advanced pupils" is thoroughly climaxed by the sentence imme diately following, " An Infant Training School will he attached to this establishment ." Which " establish- ment ?" The Class for advanced pupils or the Sehool for non-advanced pupils? Altogether the thing is dis graceful, and particularly so to a schooltnas er. We confess that although we were a little shocked, we were not at all surprised, being tolerably well acquainted with the views and sentiments of the Rev. patron, whose highest estimation of a schoolmaster's position is about equal to the public's estimation of the lamplighter's. 