NEWS OF THE WEEK. (From the Spectator, July 14.) As the sleeping Richard was haunted by the ghosts of the old companions he had murdered, so Ministers, slumbering on the Treasury bench of the House of Commons, have been doomed this week to hear the ghosts of their old speeches on the " monster grievance" of the Irish Church. In moving for a Committee of the whole House on the present state of Church Temporalities in Ireland, Mr, Osborn's supported his motion by a speech which in great part consisted of extracts from the speeches of the leading men now in office. His arguments to expose the uselessness or even mischief caused by maintaining the branch of the Established Church in Ireland, might be contested by any set of men rather than those Ministers, who had employed similar arguments, only supported with less industry and expressed with less force. Ministers could not gainsay those arguments. They could not even use the new plea against a bigoted adher- ence to " consistency," since they are not in a position to justify the change by any essential change of circumstances, or by an avowed conversion to other opinions on their own parts, It is true that the Established clergy are but a more meritorious order of resident gentry ; true that the Church is no longer a money burden on the Popish population : these facts were equally true when some of the speeches now resuscitated by Mr Osborne were delivered ; but the Church " by law established" remains just the same badge of ancient conquest and sectarian ascendancy -the embodiment of an alien claim to spiritual superiority over the bulk of the nation, It is a sentimental grievance, if you please ; but that is precisely the most galling sort of grievance. The principal excuse of Ministers is, that Ireland is at present quiet on the score of religious difference, and there is n0 present necessity for reviving the discussion, Yet tranquil time is the season most favourable for the settlement of so difficult a question. There is one way in which the question may be postponed-by Betting it down at once in a list of measures to be completed seriatim. The present apathy of the Whig Ministers is a bitter commentary on the zeal which they used to profess in Opposition ; the defence of Sir George Grey clinched Mr. Osborne's damaging exposure of the manner in which they formerly traded on the '. monster grievance." That the motion should be negatived by only 170 to 100 was no very triumphant result for Ministers ; especially seeing how largely they were beholden to " Protectionist' and Very" votes, to counterbalance the desertions from the " Liberal" ranks. In another Irish matter Ministers have made a precious display of " consistency,'' in the advance of £500,000 on loan to complete the railway from Dublin to Galway tardy scrap of Lord George Bentinck's great scheme, which they so strenuously resisted. The position of the Scotch Bills on the subject of marriage and Registration, exposes , them in another point of view. The bills we believe to he good enough in their general scope for rounding off certain English measures ; but they are unpopular in Scotland, and would have been opposed by the Scotch Members. Through the procrastination of feebleness, Ministers have suffered the session to slip away without bringing these bills to the test of a decisive debate : the Scotch members co out of town, and then at the fag-end of the Session, Ministers endeavour to pass the unpopular measures. It may be no more than the effect of weakness, but undoubtedly it looks very like an evasive meanness. Mr. Tennyson D'Eyncourt's bill to repeal the Septennial Act was a fresh occasion for exposing the Ministerial weakness. The subject is not much before the public just now ; nevertheless, ministers were conscious of danger, and so they resorted, it is said, to a. whip," not only of their own adherents or of their allies the Liberal Conservatives, but even of the Protectionists. The bungling about the Ordnance Estimates fairly broke the waning patience of Joseph Hume, who was roused on Thursday to the *' factious opposition " of repeated motions to report progress The report of the Select Committee had been presented on the same day and Ministers wanted to a vote the money now, leaving the details of the report for more deliberate examination " next session." The report advises considerable re- ductions ; but M i n liters wished to be let off this once. And accommodating Sir James) Graham backed their request. There is some truth in the representation, that suggestions supported by evidence which extends over ten thousand questions are not to be adopted off bar!, and that the House was already pledged to the bulk of the expenditure by having voted a certain number of men -the staple of all military force and cost. Unfortunately, Ministers make so many mistakes, the fruits of conscious weakness and evasiveness, that they could not obtain the license which might have been al- > lowed to a stronger and more straightforward Cabinet ; sturdy Hume persevered, and the vo- ting was put off till Monday. Mr. Bernal has called Ministers to account, not undeservedly, for the disgusting and unwholesome state of London in these hot days, with the cholera increasing. Much has been said about sanatory reform, bills were passed, and the Board of Health was appointed and yet the " gulley holes" of our leading thoroughfares send forth palpable pestilence, and St. Margaret's Church-yard breathes noisome death into the very nostrils of Parliament ; Ministers knew little, and said a little, but would .. enquire" Lord Ashley explained the reason : the Board of Health has not the requisite powers, especially in the metropolis. The country may have the benefit of such a department, but London is debarred ;,.' because, as Mr. Henley called to mind, Lord - John was Member for London, and the city made its old sewers a point of honour. The *. death of Mr. Justice Coltman reminds members that persons of distinction may be cut off by a drain or slain by the drowsiness of a court. But Lord John is not only Member for Lon- don he is a Premier with a faltering will and poor Lord Carlisle is-a good natured gentleman, who rounds periods are somewhat more than rotunda. '' Ministers, however, have something to show for the week : Mr. Labouchere has produced . j, r a scheme of measures for the improvement of all the Mercantile Marine ; a few items of present relief from special Ivurdsns, to compensate the ; s removal of protection with the altered Naiigi tion-laws and rome plans for " next session, to improve the character of masters and mates, the discipline of the mercantile navy, and the sanatory condition of the men. The portions which goes to test the qualifications of the captains, gives them recognised rank, responsibility, power, and the prospective chance of " good service pensions, promises well, We miss any distinct account of the plan which is to prevent the enormous deser- tion from the English to the American marine, by rendering hours more attractive. Mr. Monckton Milnes has obtained leave to bring in a bill for the better regulation of Juvenile Criminals the object, apparently, being to authorize their detention for purposes of re- formation. But Mr. Miles has not yet brought in his bill and he did not explicitly contradict the allegation of Sir George Grey, that he had no bill ready to produce. The debate on Mr. Mackinnon's bill for the consumption of smoke curiously illustrates our method of legislation. The measure is aimed at preventing the emission of' thick, offensive, and noxious smoke, or, as it was termed in the bill, " opaque" smoke : a serious opposition was made to rest on the difficulty of defining what is " opaque" smoke and so alarming was the obstruction, that Mr. Mac- kinnon followed the advice given him. by suffering the debate to be adjourned for a fortnight, in order to consider whether he should withdraw the bill or not. Now the nuisance is so palpable and intelligible as tobacco smoking, the effluvium from a knacker's yard, or any other nuisance. But if the objection be affirmed, we shall see the Imperial Parliament stopped in the duty of suppressing a palpable nuisance, by the difficulty of defining a word. The attempt to deal with a material and obtrusive grievance yields before a philological difficulty. The movements of certain royal and quasi royal persons have been the subject of some gossiping controversy. It was said that the Count de Chambord and the Prince do Join ville had met at Vienna, in order to negotiate An alliance between the two French branches of the House of Bourbon ; but the report is authoritatively contradicted, with an air so em- press as to imply that the persons who were the subject of the report still felt sufficiently before the public to mind what is said of them. Again it was said, that M. Thiers had arrived in England to negotiate a marriage between the Dutchess of Orleans and President Bonaparte it in so is any truth in these rumours, we must infer that the royal class of Europe is incapable of profiting by experience cannot learn to know its own place , but is pursuing its old routine of alliances between crowned families without much regard to people's island of busying itself tore establish a position by understanding the state of affairs, by promote g order, and by serving their nations Rome has been completely taken into possession by the French, and General Oudinot has signalized his entrance by various acts of tyranny, sweeping and petty, suppression of all public action or sp ch, Bud paltry contests to put down the Roman tricolour He behaves as a gloomy petit maitre, hoisted by Chance on the shield of a ''case The Danes have signally discomfited their German besiegers at the fort of 1 residences , but we do not learn thistle success has any very decisive effect in send ng the endless internal I tional squabble The allied Russians and Austrians lief state on the march into Hungary, as it their course were not quite so smoothly triumphant as they expected, it is supposed that they have met with a check I Authentic accounts from California confirm the earlier reports of the plate, its Midas like . superabundance of grid, its anarchy and its starvation. Die chief magistrate under the United States rents a house like a turnpike j lodge, for £1000 a year, a cook refused 3600 a year In point of mm as the condition of the people is frightful Meanwhile, the Mexicans I propose to go out in armed bands, and it is quite possible that in such a way buccaneering desperadoes might outdo the soldierly powers of the Yankees California may be a kingdom to SOme freebooting had even terms Why not Curious, if the conquered land she had prove the lure to bring back the guerillas of Mexico, and supply the tre desire to pay bands of military outlaws in snatching it from the Model Republic ' 