ASMüDEUS ; OR, THE DEVIL UPON TWO STICKS, AT ADELAIDE. Asmodeus fd Lucifer. SECOND LETTES. jätet mighty .Monarch,^ My knowledge of nanti cal prejudices and manners was, until now, very, in complete, for I have, hitherto, always been employed as a land-imp, as I am of all devils the gayest ever known. Bails, parties, routs, where I could incite slander, Jealousy, and ostentation -where -I could sneer at one, make a ' malicious observation on an other, wonnd the pride of a third, twitch the nose ol' a fourth, tread upon the goaty toes of soi-disans young men of fifty-detach a chandelier in the middle of a polka,- solhat it might maim and bruise from ten to twenty prudes, coquettes, and jilts, and leave the assembly in total darkness; these were my habitual jokes. I took great delight in such things, they pleased y oar majesty, for. I ajia the. most de voted'of your majesty's devoted.: subservient to all your majesty's desires, for your majesty has great power and much to bestow on your creatures, and whilst your majesty has aught to give and I have hands to take, your majesty may rely ou my entire devotion now. Aboard, I was removed from my usual sphere of action, but methought by perse verance and indus try my voyage might be the means of popularising pandemonium with doctors, lawyers, short-hand wri ters, printer's devils, and other oddities. I weat lustily to work. Our -daily provision of fresh water was scantily supplied, and to boil our potatoes and puddings we were obliged to make use of salt water. This was scandalous! salt water to boil puddings and potatoes for us Í ! -Prodigious ! There, I hope, was a complaint to lay before the emigrant committee when we arrived at our destination. It is true, that when her.gracious Majesty Victoria-went to visit her dutiful subjects of Jersey and Guernsey, at sea, her potatoes and puddings were boiled in salt water ; but there was a great difference between her and us, we had PAID our passage, whereas her .Majesty always has her passage FREE. Well, I tried to stir up my shipmates-it was no go, all I could obtain was, a woful -note, penned in the logs and journals of those that kept logs and journals, and a promise to come forward if the complaint was laid before the public. John Bull has ever been noted for his humanity -witness his humane society, temperance society, society to prevent iii usage to animals, to prevent slavery."-A remarkable instance of kindness to -animals occurred on Tuesday, the- 19th inst. Many of the passengers were observed "to give up" their dinner in favour of the inhabitants of the deep ; indeed, most of them, from a superabundance of kindness, "heaved it" overboard. Jo truth our ship brought out eajn&r;£emigrants,but the emigrants did not bring ont much capital. Amongst the motley mixture of strange animals, mortal and immortal; there was to be found a tremendous ebony cat, wbieh had the privilege of prying everywhere, and listening to everything, mach was said before her, and she chuckled in her sleeve, far she was initiated in two or three love stories, a few gambling affairs, and in some of the thefts that were daily committed on board. I made acquaintance with her, and she discovered to me the little secrets of everybody, in hopes that by my invention they ? would turn to account in the interest of your Majesty, to whom she is entirely devoted. > Grimalkin's favorite spot-was in the passengers' galley." There, with a little of my impship'ß aid, she made shift to procure herself many ft little dainty, many a tit bit. The sailors were particu larly careful-of her, for they believed that she had the power of raising a storm, and should anything happen to her, the ship would never reach its desti nation- Fond of mischief, as your Majesty knows me to be, to have a Jjittle sport.-I was desirous ol -setting the passengers and sailors at loggerheads. I contrived a little freak, which was nearly the cause of a mutiny; blood was 6hed, and your Majesty gained another subject. There was an invalid on board, far gone in deep decline- ; he was certainly no saint, fae dearly loved gin, brandy, nun, wine, 'beef -anything drinkable, so that it resembled not lemonade, tea, or water ; he was-iAe gin-sipper, not a tea-totaller. The doctor, -under whose «are he was, had allowed him to drink as much toast-and water as he chose. Where is the spirited fellow that could swallow such wishy washy stuff ? By my instigation he bribed one of the passengers, a 'Yorkshireman, to sell him rum at the rate of a half-a-crown a small wine-glassful, it waa only a little drop to comfort, and to do him good ;-well, he drank and drank, until one night, he drank his last, calling oat for braudy,and regretting to leave such delectable drinks behind. -Twenty-four hoars before thia event, Miss Pussy, who loved delicate m oriels as much as our man loved " the all-inspir ing bowl," had, also bymy instigation, laid bervelvet paws upon four pounds of beautiful fresh salmon ; to reward her for her gluttony, one of the passengers, -a coarse wretch, who could .hot take a joke, just wrung her neck round, and threw her overboard. Oh í then the thunder roared - the lightning -flashed-the sea and the sky were in commotion the winds blew hurricanes-the ghost of the cat appeared nightly to one or another of the crew, and mewed out ""-vengeance." The sailors were agi tated, they swore misfortune would happen, because of the -foul murder of puss. Maw well they pro« phesied! The next day, the toper died; the storm continued fearfully, until the body was given.to the deep-then for a moment tue wind ceased to mar the sea eeased to heave--the Btorm suddenly abated -all was quiet and calm, as if the sea-monsters had waited for their prey, and now rejoiced to have swallowed it,-and yet accident after accident oc curred -fearful noises were heard-the ship seesttd fated--every thing went wrong- three times in one I day (had I been mortal)* 1 bad like to lose my life. But already my letter istoo long, I will give the ead of my voyage and my arrival at Adelaide in ¡the next latter. In the meantime, as in duty i bound, I kisH yoar majesty's royal tail.* : k And reaShin jewjuajesty?« gast amable pawwat. 