English Extracts. Mr. Hudson in Parliament.-Tt was Goorgo's custom of an nftornoon to bustlo up to tho so cond row behind the opposition, and keep calling out, quite loud, " Granby," " Brackley,"." Ben- tinck " (Lord Henry, of late,) "Burghley," " Chandos," " Hamilton " (Lord Claude), "?Hotham»" " Lennox," " Mandeville," " Sea- ham,". *. Worcestor," of anybody.olso with-a handle to his name, who happened to bo within hailing distanco ; and theso Corinthian oaks, obsequious to tho moneyed mushroom, woro wont to nod their patrician tops, and respond with an approving and deferential chuoklo, much to tho envy and admiration of all the surrounding world of senntory snobbory, and to tho perplex- ity of Mr. Speaker, who called " Order," with much less than his customary effect whenever tho Iron Bex was railing. Every dog has his day. Six months ago. George's little bow-wow was as good as " tho loftiest war noto tho lion could pour ;" and 'now every " turnspit, mong- rel, whelp ot low degree," feels privllogod to bark derisive nt tho tin-kettle obligato the un fortnnnte animal performs wherever ho carries his tail behind him, curtailod ' as is his caudal elongation to most disproportlonod proportions. On Monday night ho sneaked in, a truly sad dog, conscious that every puppy, spaniel, and lurcher, of his .former kennel, had become a Bettor and pointer, with himself for. .thoir. game, and lout gamo tho poor hounds mado of him. As ho'on torod tho lobby, tho policemen seemed as if they had suddenly sniffed the ghost of Lundyfoot, for their noses respectively becamo suddonly curled up at an anglo of 45, Ilka, men on tho precipico of asneezo, after a thumping pinch of high toast. On coming into tho Houso, all lils once famili- ars, who were crowded about tho gangway, appeared to be either profoundly interested in Dr. Reid's plan of lighting tlio\npartmont from above, or to be absorbed In contemplation of tho mechanism of their watches, or. clso afflicted with an awful cold, in "the head, requiring tho ¡inmediato application of pocket handkerchiefs. Some, on tho contrary, began to gaze intently on their boot-tops ¡ while others lookod through tho Bnnquo of tho shara market, as if they wcro playing. Maoboth, and couldn't soo - a spectre-weighing 17} stones,', spiritual as ho was. George, howovor, .twigged them fast onough, and on that twig ho hopped into, tho extremo back bench, in a Ano with the Sergeant at-Arms, Lord Charles Russoll, who quietly turned himself round in his porter's chair, and flxco\ his éyos on tho maco on tho tablo, plug- ing, no doubt, into tho regular historical reverie as to Hampdon oh tho field, Sydnoy on tho scaffold, and tho rest of the family traditional business, especially the pensions. No shaking hands all round, ¡¡ko Jack-in-tho-Green on a May morning-no horse-laugh-nothing to recnl tho gross, , rude, vulgar autocrat of tho share market now. There ho sat- alone, aroidod ; his hat pulled down over his face ; his face rosting on his hands ; his bands on his stick ; his stick on the edgo of tho bonch beforo him-as preca- rious a foundation as tho bloat bubbto that had bolstered him up all this whllo back, and which tho stroke of a straw would at any timo hnvo prostrated. Talk of Bnjazet in his cago, Marius amids thc ruins of Curthago, Nopoloon on tho rook of St. Helena, and LOUÍB Philippe in a pea jacket, and calling himself Bill Smith 1 Why how poorly do all theso point a moral, and how slenderly do they ndorn a tale, compnrod to this Great Snob becoming tho Great Snubbed I Chat. . Tht Breed of horses in France.-At the last sitting of the Academy of Sciences, M. Duvrrnoy rend a report on a paper by M. Richard, director 1 of tho Ecole des Huras. M. Richard states that horses artificially bred and trained for racing are of too delicate a nature to be useful for mili- tary purposes ¡ that the mixture of the English race horse with the French breed rather deterio- rates than improves tho latter ; that the only racehorses In France which have prospered, or have not been deteriorated, are those used in agriculture, and bred by agriculturists ¡ the Arabian horse, well chosen, is the only foreign rae« proper to revive the breed of light horses in France, by crossing them with tho breeds of Auvergne, th« Limousin, and the Pyrenees. 'Removal of a Portion of /.opt .Wife to Kort. America.-Tho 'Norfolk Beacon. (U. 3,), ii speaking of tho Dead Sea exploration expedí tion, says Among' tho curiosities bolonging t government, brought homo in the United State .store ship Supply, tho following aro partióularl worthy of mention, as calculated to oxcito a de grce of interest seldom attached to such things A' number of specimens of tho water of tho Doa« Sea, tho river Jordan, and tho posl Siloam, ant .fragments of- the pillar of salt into which Lot' wife was transformed, ns a punishment for hoi disobedience to tho commands of tho Almighty j In regard to this last wo are informed that tb« I .pillar .from which it was taken rises, nearly fort] foot high, and stands exactly on tito spot desig- nated by tho Bible ; that Lieutenant Lynch; thc ccrmmauderof tho DeadScaexpcdition,oxpros8ei tho confident opinion that it is tho representa- tivo of what was Lot's wifo. TV© bolievt it has not boen seon before for many centuries, Josephus records its existence." - ' Oxb-trry and Jncledon.-Inolodon had often Íiassod a, gonoral invitation to Oxberry, and the atter, who know Charley not to bo very liberal, ono day accoptcd it at onco, and said; '.* To-day, I and my friend R-- will take a chop with you.*' Chnrloy couldn't say nay, and off-, they started, Incledon loading tho way to Williams'* ham and beef shop in tho Old Bailey, who're a dish" of boiled, round and peas-pudding was placed before each. Tho reckoning was dis- charged by Incledon (about half-a-crown for them all), and then there was a dreary pauso. "Well," said-Oxberry, "aro" wo'-to-have no wino!" "My dear Oxoy," replied Charles, " tho fact is, thoy have po licence for wino ; so, if thoy ha,vo no wino for thoir licence, let's ad- journ olsewhoro." Forth they wont ; tho merits of divers taverns wera questioned, and at length O., R..and I. popped into the Portugal. Throe bottlos of Madeira, two of Port, and divers magnums -of brandy-and-wotor,. cold without having boon discussed, Incledon roso and said, "Lets teach ourselves, d-n mo, that ho- nourable "step, d--n mo, "not to outsport dis I ero tion, d-n "me 1 "And now, gentlemen, I paid for tho dinnord. do you two .pay for. tito i wino, etceteras, d-^-n mo !" With Incledon, ' " d-n mo i" aiíd ' .' bloss mo !" meant pre- cisely ' tho samo things : they wore mero exple- tives, and larded his discourse on ali occasions. When repeating what George tho Third said of him ono day, ho said, " Tho King, bless him ! said to rao, ' D--n me, Incledon, you should sing nothing but snored music, d-n mo, for your voico is seraphic, G-^-d d-n tao.! " " And tho Princo of Wales always said an oratorio wasn't worth a d-n without Charley Incle'dou. A (te of Animals. - A bear rarely oxeoods 20 years ; .0 dog livos 20 years j a wolf 2Q ; a fox 14 or 10 ; lions nre long-lived. Pompey lived to' tho ago bf 70. Tho average ago of cats is IB years ; a squirrel and a hare 7 or 8 years ; rabbits '7. - Elophants havo been known tb livo to tho great ago of, 400 years. When Alexander tho Groat had conquered one Phorus. King of India,- ho took a great elephant which had fought very valiantly, for tho King, and named him Ajax, and dedicatod him to the sun, and lot him go with this inscription :-" Alex- ander, tho so.n of- Jupiter,-hath dedicated Ajax to tho Sun." . This elephant was found with this inscription 350 years .after. - Pigs ,havo'been known to livo to tho ago of 30 years : tho rhi- noceros tb 20. - A horse has been known to liva to tito ago of 02 but averagos 25 to 30. Camels sometimes live tb the age of 100. Stags aro long-lived. Sheep. seldom exceed the ago of 10\. Cows livo about 15 yoars. Cuvier considers it probable that whales sometimes live 1,000 I years. Tho dolphin and porpoiso attain tho ago of 30. An eagle died at Vienna at the age of [ 101 years. Ravens frequently reach tho ago of 100\. Swans havo been known to live 300. Mr. Mallerton has tho skeloton ot a swan that at- tained tho age of 200. Pelicans aro long-llvod. A' tortoise has been known to livo to tho ago bf 107. State of Emigration.-A return movod for by Mr. Scott, M.P., BIIOWS that tho number of per- sons who havo been approved by tho Colonial land' and Emigration Commissioners as emi- grants for ttio Australian colonies, since the 31st day of Doccmber, 1848, amounts to 6,624 : and the number of free passages granted to emigrants from tho counties of Dorset and Wilts, to 233. Another return obtained by tho same hon. mem- ber, states that the amount paid to selecting agents amounted In 1817 to £1582, and in 184*1 to JE5028. .... . ". 