MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A NEGRO MACAULET.—A recent work on Sierra J^eone describes the negroes as being excessively inclined to display their literary acquirements. Every servant applying for a p'ace sets forth his capabilities in his own way. Every favour is asked, every message is left in writing. As a specimen of the style of the negroes, the lady-author quotes the following answer to a message by a market messenger:— 4 Please madam, I am very sorry no mutton live in market this morning.—Your affectionate butcher, John Macauley.' • PEBSEVERANCE.—An Italian was accused of manying five wives. Upon being carried before the judge, he was asked why he had married so many. He answered * in order to meet with a good one, if possible.' WHAT IS A CLIMACTERIC ?—Climacteric, from a Greek word, which means a scaie or ladder, is a critical year, or a period in a man's age wherein, according to astrological juggling, there is some notable alteration to arise in the body, and a person stands in great danger of death. TJhe first climacteric is said to be the seventh year of a mail s life, and the rest are multiplies of the first, as 21, 42, 56, 63, and 84; winch two last are called the grand climacterics, and the danger more likely to be fata!. SMALL MAJORITIES.—Some of the most eventful changes in our Constitution have been carried by feeble majorities. The great points of the national religion under Elizabeth, were carried by six votes. The great question on the danger of Popery in Queen Anne's reign, was decided by a majority of 225 to 208. The Hanoverian succession was carried by a single vote 1 The remonstrance in Charles the First's time, by eleven. The Unions with Scotland and Ireland, by veiy small majorities. The Reform in Parliament, in 1S31, by one! A shrewd Irish carter excused himself from giving his skinny weak horses their bellyfull of food, by remarking— 4 Put more flesh on them, mavourneen I Why, don t ye see, the poor bastes are so wake that they can hardly carry the little flesh they've got on em now !* NEW DEFINITION OF AN EVERGREEN.—A man who does not learn by experience. AN ABSENT MAN.—In the Dublin University Maga_ zine, we have a biographical sketch of Peter Burrowes, the celebrated barrister, arid one of Ireland's i worthies.' Among the personal anecdotes told of him is the following remarkable instance of absence of mind. A friend called npon him one morning in his dressing-room, and found him shaving with his tace towards the well. He asked him why he chose so strange an attitude. The answer was, * To look in the glass.' * Why,' said his friend, * there is no glass there." * Bless mc!' Burrowes observed, * I did not notice that before.' Ringing the bell, he called his servant, and questioned him respecting his looking glass. < Oh, sir,' said the servant, * the mistress had it removed six weeks ago.' Whatever instruction is reaped from history may be reaped from a newspaper, which is the history cf the wor d for one day. It is the history of that world in which we now iive, and with which we are, consequent iy, more concerned than with those which have passed away, and exist only in remembrance.—Eliza Cook s Journal. IMPORTANT FACT.—A person who smokes one cigar a- day, deprives himself of being the proprietor of an acre of freehold land worth si^cty pounds, in about thirteen years ; 4&00 square yards is the value of an acre of land ; 4S00 three pences—threepence being the value of a cigar— amount to sixty pounds. Leizure is a very pleasant garment to look at, but it is a very bad one to wear. Insects have hern known to stock ponds on hills with fish. The large water beetle, which feeds upon the spawn of fish, occasionally in the evening climbs up the stems of rushes, &c.;, out of the water, so as to take wing ; in these circumstances it has been caught, and on being put into the water has been found to give out, both in a digested and undigested state, the spawn with which it had gorged itselfpreviouslytoits preparation to take flight; so that on trial it has been found to produce fish of various kinds. VIPERS.—It perhaps may not be generally known, as it ought to be, that the bite of a viper, when left to take its course, is death ; but by the speedy application of a little olive oil, the bite of a viper is rendered as harmless as the sting of a wasp. People who live near coppice woods, and other places were vipers are numerous, would do well to keep a little olive oil constantly in their possession in case cither they or their cattle should have the misfortune to be bitten. An article in an American paper announcing a person's decease, says—" His remains were committed to that bourne whence no traveller returns attended by his friends." A large glass of water, sipped ten drops at a time, in perfect silence, will cure a person in a passion. This is the last application of the water cure.—Boston paper. A POLITE RAILWAY GUARD.—Some of these officials are accused of being rude and overbearing. Not all. A civil exemplar came to the window of a first class Brighton, at the Reigate station, and said, * If you please, sir, will you have the goodness to change your carriage here?' 'Why?' gruffly answered the Mr Bull within. * Because, sir, if you please, the wheel has been on fire since half way from the last station!' John looked out, the wheel was burning and smoking, and he lost no time in condescending to the polite request Real friendship is like ghosts and apparitions—what many people talk about, but few ever meet with. Beauty belongs to youth, and dies with it; but the odour of piety survives death and perfumes the tomb. Filial love is a memento which time can never wither nor the changing seasons ever decay. What is the * Dual Number ?' Two principals, two seconds, a surgeon, and six paces. An auctioneer putting up an antique Roman helmet for sale, told the company he was informed that it had belonged to Romulus, the Roman founder ; but whether he was an iron founder or a brass founder he could not tell. A BROAD HINT.— t Sally, what time does your folks dine?' * Soon as you go away—that's Missus' orders.'—Rochester Forth Star. RECEIPT FOR APPEARING ALWAYS YOUNG.—It is often asked how some old men always appear to be young, whilst some young people always appear to be weighed down by age. The cause is in ourselves. A Mr Raul, an old gentleman remarkable for his juvenile appearance, being one day asked the question, answered, ' 1 never travel in a coach when 1 can walk ; 1 only cat of one dish at my meals; and 1 never fret The walking keeps my blood in circulation, my simple food also prevents indigestion, and never drinking anything containing spirits, my liver is never inflamed.' Nevertheless, Mr Raul forgot tie principal cause of a long youth, * a benevolent heart, and the absence of envy.' Envy wrinkles the lace more than years, and impresses upon it marks that cannot be efiaced. OH, WHERE, AND On, WHERE, IS OUR NVRRVG TALENT GONE P—^That is Native Talent ? Where is Native Talent ? 'Who is Native Talent? Is there any Native Talent? Might, could, would, or should there be anj Native Talent ? And so on through all the moods and tenses of the substantive "verb, aud to the utter absorption of all the marks of interrogation in Punch's immense printing-office ? It is especially "in music that we are alarmed by this utter disappearance of the native article. As oysters are proverbially mute, we per-. hap6liave no right to expect that * Native*' should sing. But still one would think, looking round at the Opera Omnia^ which absolutely iitter the streets, till we feel that some 6f them ought to be shelved, there might be room for one little volume ^of voice) lettered Op.' Brit, or British Opera.' But we find a gap where the volume should be—or, if there do odze out a solitary British note here and there, it is sure to be done up in an Italian binding. There's the Italian opera at the Queens Theatre; there s the Italian opera at Covent Garden; there s the German opera at Druiy Lane; there's the French opera at the St James's; there's Strauss with his band everywhere; there's the < immortal Bones' with his Ethop Singers at all the Concerts! There are Jetty de Treffz,* arid Anna Thillon, and Pischek, stars of Exeter Hall! There are French prima donnas dropping in, one after another,- at the Princess's! There are the Styrian Minstrels just come —that is, if they have been able to find room! Good gracious! Where is it to stop ? The Continent is in a state of convulsion, we know, and these are its throes—society, like a swan, pouring forth music in its death agony. But it is dreadful to find London turned into a musical 'Babel, and a new confusion of tougues let loose upon us. We shall soon turn desperate, like a man in a shower-bath, and pull the string that lets down on our devoted heads the gush of many musics—the rain of various melody—the storm of unintelligible song. * Stand by us, editor of the Fonetic Nux, and now x»me one come all—Punch -will go beyond JbQieit-a&d; his conceit monstres. We aifeopeh to allthe worid. If there be an Esquimaux operatic company, let them leave their walrus flesh and seal blubber ; let them cease rfiarm.ng the spouting whale and pricknosed narwhal, and confe sing to us. If there be a Russian horn band-disengaged, we are readyto impale ourselves on the sharpest note in alt of all their ' conciertstuck. If there be anywhere in the Far West a .Cherokee corps musicale, they are welcome to us, scalps, tomahawks, medicine-men, and all. We will write a libretto for them, to be called The Maaready Mas* sacre; or, the New York Savages t in which they shall cut down die Forrest, and fling assafbetida afr the audience, and brain Mr Bunn with arm-chairs. Ha ! ha I ha! we are mad, musically, melancholy mad. We sit at a- harmonic ordinary of all languages, and have stolen the' scraps; La ci darem—-vanios amigos—^-salem aleikorum—Auf bruder—quand je quittais—^gam le Norge—Rabschaschszelrasnik-lah-me-no-pa-te- ma-to-pe —= Hurrah — hurrahs— hurrah — Do-re-me-fa-soI-Ia—mad—mad-*-mad ! Vttnch. 