LOCAL IN FELLIG-ENCE. -ooo THB DRAMA.-TKe performances of the week have been tolerably diversified, if they have not exhibited «ny very peculiar novelty, Monday night wm ushered In with a dramatized version of Grattan's historical romance .. The " Heiress of Uruifes," with the second make- weight ti'le-" the Chief of the ii I nek Wal. loons; ' The whole strength of the company j engaged in the nfîiir which certainly gave ! greater satisfaction to the pit and gallery than to the more aristocratic portion of the house. Mr. Nesbitt, tn Gaspar, the hot-blooded Muresco, brought them down by those most energetic and fore.hie appeals ; those sonorous tearers of lungs which are so warmly and enthusiastically wel- comed by Monday night play goers. Mrs. Guerin looked and acted Beatrice very effective- ly. To go through the whole of the characters either for eulogy or dispraisé, would take more space than our columns can conscientiously af- ford, we therefore leave the "Heiress of Bruges" to go through her trials a second time, to-night trusting that she may h ava as numerous aid friendly an audience as she found on Monday. A. clever farc»tu, "My Husband's Ghost," was produced on Thursday after the Opera of ttie " Somnambulist." _ It is one of those smart, effective pieces which are so very. refreshing after a heavy bit of seriousness. The plot is simple enough, and may be traced through the play-bill which, by the way, is most pointedly constructed. Mr. F. Howson's breadth of co- medy ; Mr. Hydes' brisk rattle ; Mr. Hamble- ton'» quaintness ; Mrs. Rogers' liveliness ; Mrs. Ximenes' pretty archness ; and Mrs. Gibbs' stage knowledge were all brought to bear upon this trifle, which went off swimming- ly-in such hands how could it be otherwise P At last we are to be gratified with another mu- sical tieat : the Opera of " Maritana " ls in active progress ; the Messrs. Howson and Mr. Gibbs being engaged In the arrangement of lt ; and it is so far advanced that a rehearsal of a por- tion of it is expected to take place in the course of a fowdays. Dis-ORDER, OF ARCHITECTURE. -The elegance, solidity, and strict architectural rules upon which Government House is constituted cannot fail to strike the sense of the most care- less observer. Never were ita beautiful propor- tions more fully developed than on the last Re- gatta when the Royal Standard of England floated majestically above the main'tower of the vast building, which it appeared about to clasp^in J ita broad folds. - The tower bore about the same proportion to the banner ns H pepper-box does to a Wltney blanket j and the myriad chimney pots clustered round it rose as proudly as pins stuck in a cushion. By the way, as a proof of the stability of this Viceregal mansion, it is rumoured, that a well-known Sporting Boniface applied to the Private Secretary for leave to make use of one of the blank walls for racket plavlng ; but, he was answered to lils disgust and astonishment, that his request could not be acceded to; as, it was feared, that the bumping of the racket balls would bring the house down about His Excellency's ears. Of a truth, this building is a glorious specimen of English design, and Colonial Architecture. HoNon TO WHOM, &c.-We; understand that Mr. W. Mackenzie, formerly Cashier of the Bank of Australia, lins been appointed to the (j flico of C m iv a Emigriition A^ecit for this colony. Wu are informed that it is the inten- tion of tho proprietors of the Bink, to invite him to a public dinner on his arrival, mid pre- sent him with u piece of til ver pUto, with an appropriate inscription, as a metnoriil of the tin which vanished from the coffers of the Bank during his management. On oho side _of the medallion, which ls to be executed ns commemo- rative of the event, is the wheel of fortune, and tbs blind goddess drawing Lottery Tickets. On tho other. Is to be seen the proprietors of the Bank, In mourning, In a supplicating attitude, praying for mercy from'thu Bank of Australa- sia. " Fwnpora, mutant ur, no* et tnutamur in HU*. QUARTERS OF A SOD. OF THB 1 ITU.-IS LleutesMnt- at hume P" "Who ls li» VatP" " Why, nrpliaw or uleco to Mrs. J-. I don't know which," SCARLETS AGAIN.-Some of the privates bf the illustrious Eleventh have been nt their obi trick« again ; and, taking advantage of the unlimited numlx-r ol pnsvs giv»ti to them, have li ft :h' lin ii-.b'- o-'.u¡....f sd-li i. f",,r ;ht k.>o;\\.-.'t . ''"' ?.? ..".'i-.-i : / '--.! ' 'i ?? :' .. s ¡ and «l-v-M «ttüliti.-« a:.d t*i-. . Ji;-. >.'. them s't nek t'im a viol nt lu»»' mi tiileft ar which felled lum ; upon which another placid his knee tipnn his chest while the others rilled his pockets. Wh.it makes this case nuce outrageous ia, that Mr. Kennion in early yuuth belonged to the «ame regiment, and fur tiru jvars follow, i! its fortunes through the Peninsula ; and sub- sequently wrote a lively detail of their campaigns in the .columns of this paper. Vain, however, were Mr. Reardon's attestations of tliese facts; the ruffians spurned all the ties ot companion- ship; his coin was far more attractive to the Red Rovers who no doubt, after leaving him nearly senseless, laid out a portion of his property in drinking his " very good health." Are these ! things to last for ever ? VERY UNCOMFORTABLE!-What an un- comfortable situation ! A seat on the sofa be- tween two beautiful girls-one with black eyes, jet ringlets and snowy neck-the other with soft blue eyes, sunny ringlets, red cheeks and lips - both laughing and talking to you nt the same time THE INSPECTOR AND TUB BVR.-I. N. A nobbler of brandy, my pretty girt-quick I musl'nt be seen here. R-trmaid.- Nobbler of brandy, is it slr P three penny bit, if yon please- always tike cash from gents in a burry. I. N. (paying).-Will, you're a sharp girl - what's your nue?. Barmaid.-Mary, sir-at your servier. ï. N-Mary, Mary ; eh-how's that P Why are you like a parrot. Mary P-Give it up P Cause you're a pretty Poll. Mary.-Why am I like a fish, Stubby ; eh P Cause i'm a bar-belle, and nut to be easily caught. FACT, PON HONOR. - The National Board of Education have mule up (we will not say whether right or wr< nghea'dcdly) their WILLS to deprive the Civic Body of one who was to them a mest useful personage, being Clerk ta Hie, Secretary to the Mayor in public, and/toady to the same important functionary in private ; to Shy nothing of the deprivation the Citizens must experience in the luss of a maître de danie at the next Civic Ball, and of a petit (haitr'e In general. Under these distressful circumstances tile Corporation have advertised for candidates to fill the great hiatus the '. lumne ademptum" In the Establishment. In order to save trouble to the hundreds of applicants tttat will doubtless waste pen, Ink and paper in addressing the York street Solons and also to avoid unnecessary des- truction of boot und shoe leather in running aboutufler certificates of character ^respectability ; is TUB characteristic of the Council) and cring- ing, canvassing, and caiacolling to the members I for their sweet voices, we feel bound to announce that the appointment is already disposed of un- solicited for, but out of pure respect to the ge- neral services he has rendered to tho body, it was resolved that the coat of blue and gold, sparrow tailed with white skirts, should be given to FUZBOZ. It may appear strange that ad- vertisements for applicants should issue for an appointment disposed of, but the Council was un- willing that the least appearance of partiality or jobbery in their actions should be suspected. The only member of the body who offered any- thing like opposition to Fuzboz's appointment was Alderman Fisher, who was desirous of its being conferred on his friend the Council;Re porter of our brother of the Broad sheet, out of gratitude for the ' Herald's * only reporting half of his speeches j a ami it is said. Mr. Council- lor Paton was áls'o somewhat fur favouring this view, lt is gratifying, however, for society to know ihat.tlie services of Mr. Wills will not be lust to the Colonists, inasmuch as be in- tends to devote himself in future to the task of carrying out a "National System" of polite liteiKture, dancing and bowing included. LOOKING FORWARD.-At the meeting of the City Council on Monday, Alderman Fisher objected to the Mayor's signature tn tiie resolu- tion censuring him, because the words which had called forth the rebuke were not specially set out in the document. " You, gentlemen," exclaim- ed that great man " have pronounced my words disorderly and censurable ; let those words be recorded, KO that posterity may be able to. judge whether or not I am right and the Council wrong." this isa flight of fancy which could only emanate from a powerful mind ; a George street eagle glance dawn the dim vista, of futuri- ty : a philanthropic patronage of ages yet un- combed. Still, we are fearful, that the present age has given the Alderman more credit than posterity will feel inclined to do. DISTRESSING BOAT ACCIDENT.--The an- nual aquatic festivities in commemoration of the foundation of the colony, we deeply regret to say, have not passed ofT without loss of life. On Saturday afternoon, In the very midst of the brilliant scene which thc waters of Port Jackson presented, a boat, containing two individuals, was caught by one of those treacherous,gusts td which this harbour is so fatally subject, and in- stantly capsized, between the Flag Ship and the North Shore. One of the parties, Mr. Brown, a resident at Balmain, was almost immediately rescued from his impending fate, but his less fortunate companion, Mr. William Henry Elliott; third clerk in the Sydney Police Office, sunk without a struggle, and was never seen to rise again. The body of the unhappy gentleman was recovered on Monday afternoon, lind pre- sented a most harrowing appearance ; the lower extremities alone remaining, and a portion of clothing, thereto attached, serving for its identifi- cation. The most probable supposition ls, that at the moment of the accident the deceased was seized by a shark. On Tuesday nn inquest was held by the City Coroner, at the King's Head Tavern, Lower George-street, and a verdict of "Accidental Drowning" returned. Mr. Elliott was a young man of considerable promise, and highly and deservedly esteemed by the members of the establishment with which lie was con- nected, as al su by a large circle of friends. Ho has left a widow and two children, almost utterly un- provided for, and for whom it is contemplated to raise a subscription. THK RUSH-CUTTER'S BAY AND SOUTH HBAD ROAD TOLL-OARS.-On the 1st instant the lessees of these taxation weather-boarded cribs barred the road against nil penniless whips and equestrians. The imposition of a tax on these picturesque but not over frequented roads will, we doubt not, be advantageous, it the trustees, faithful to their trust, expend the pro- ceeds in the formation of a substantial carriage drive, and which may be accomplished atan in- considerable outlay hy a few short cuttings and j improvements un the old line. If, however, it be determined to enforce n double impost on Sun- days, we conceive that this desirable object will le, if not rlfteiuklly frustrated, nt least subjected to a harrassing delay extending over a period of some years. Besides, the imposition of so pre- posterous a tax on those citizens whoso voca- tions only allow them a few boura in the week for the recreation so Indispensable to health and cheerfulness, is a species of Slr Androw-Agnew ism which cannot ba sufficiently condemned. Tba pion, originators of this screw-propeller scheme will, wo opine smart under Its operation. [ Since the above was in print, we nre glad to lind that the spirited lessees of both Kates have foregone their right to enforce double tolls on thoSibbath; notwithstanding the heavy price nt which they hare rented them. The example of these liberal beginners ls well worthy of imitation by their older brethren of the Toll-' bar.-Eua. {£. L. S.j THE AD VENT UH ES OF " JENMY LISI ON THE ANNIVERSARY.-A strange romsnt comprising the inletestfng details ofaclande tine amour, with the usual disagreeable cons q vi'h every ;-ari:celar, in ncr n-x: ' ' . - t:- .'? r i', i r-. .",-r 1. ,rri K-h lu: i. r I, .fufd Bwr.-r. son ut fi- noble *1 trqu;s of Or.no id. Ht hu again quitted the colony for a more genni eli mate, disgusted, as ve are informed, witb th canaille* of Botany Bay. The Governor, ni hil Excellency Sir Charles, bul Sir Henr) wail'd on his Lordship, and requested that h would form one of a party of pleasure to \Vui longnng, which his lordship declined, exprès sing his regret that he could not accept an invit (rom the Gaohr, for fear that he would short! afterwards be honoured with one from the hang man. "Sic transit glotia mundi." BADEL-ON IS TALKING.- The secesstoi of two of ihe most enterprising and intelligen props of the body coipira'c, has seriously aticctei the »stability of the York-street establishment The Right Worshipful fidgets on his throne; Al der mun frovn buspicinusly on their go« niel brethren ; while the lather, in a spirit of pe tl; tyranny, run the very sole out of Barron by in' cessant calls for draughts of Fisher's (Uti Adam's) purest beverage. But the bereaved senators should, like the apart in matron, rejuici at sending forth such " bright particulars' tu illumine the darkness of thé outer world ; lh< mu " shining light" to irradiate the g loo ni ol the projected tunnels, and " silting on a rail" ti S/iield the sleepers from injin y ; the other tc superintend the shooting of the young idea it the rising generation, and to enforce obedient to the Wills of their superiors. It i$ rumoured in the legal circles thal on the separation of Part Pliilpp from the midi)!« district, a second judge will be appointed for thu province, and thal Mr. Sydney äiephen will bs the gentleman selected for thal high dignity. LOTTERIES.-We understand that it ii the intention of the Government to call the Le. gislutive Council together at an esr 1er period than was originally contemplated, for the purpon of submitting a declaratory law for the consider- ation of that honorable body, with reference to tb« applicability of the English Acts of PaJliament to ibis colony, by which lotteries in England ari dictated to be a common nuisance. GADO ISLAND LIGHTHOUSE.-After al] the delay which hasoccuin d in commencing thii undertaking, it nuw appears from C'Hpt. ätunley'i report on the lighthouses in Baja's Straits, timi the a te selected tor the edifice is a saiwl inn into wliich it will be ncctssaiy tú d g lo ilie Orpin of seventy feet before a foundation.can be made, An expenso of 2500/. has already been uselts-1\ incurred, inasmuch as there is a far more eligible situation in every respect, at the southern end of the island. Who is lo blame ?" is the con- stant cry upon these architectural matters, ant echo answers " who?" but that is all the notici which appears to be taken of them. The Herald in speaking of this affair, says " it is quite time there was a competent and responsible party in charge of the public works of this Colony." Of course it is , and we shall cheerfully forgive the woful waste of 250O¿. of the public money on .* Gabo Island," If the " Gables" who have thrown that and many larger ¿urns away are incapacitated from doing any futtber mischief. ELEVENTH BAND.-We are sorry to ob- serve from un advertisement that Miss Hinckes- mann has been compelled to postpone her concert on account of the various heavy duties which the Band of the 11th Regiment have had la undergo during the last werk." Wo are not tx icily aware what these heavy duties are which have knocked up the celebrated wind-instrumenters, but, we presume it is a succession uf heavy blows. ItlEt.ANn,-The latest news is only con- firmatory of that previously learned by tim ?' Rattlesnake." that Smith 'O'Brien has been sentenced to be hung,'ilrawn, and qtiar ter*-d. lt wus not supposed that the sentvueo would be carried into eiltet. CAUTION.-All persons are hereby cautioned from enteiing or disturbing any body's lane in Park-street, to the damage, delay, or hindrance of thc late Governor of the Gin. Palace, alias, the White Boot man, on pain of forfeiture nf losing the light uf the nubia Gent's intellectual and patronising physiognomy. White Boot Office, Park-street. SHOCKING ! MAMA !-Our worthy con- temporary, and never-sufficiently-to-be- appre ciated-for-ultra-rigid-morality Daily the S. M. Herald indulged in a flight of fancy on Monday, which is scarcely reconcilable with its hitherto frigid code. In dilating upon the extension of the franchise, the Rev. Mr. Somebody, (or No- body,) calls for a broad basis ; tells us to make a bold push and go the whole animal, by doing justice to the-Fair Sex. He then proceeds to recommend that all boys and girls who have learnt the difference between 'this and that,' (some covert meaning, here Mrs. M.) should take the beards from their chins and the babies from their bosoms, and declares themselves eligible, as fa- thers and mothers, for placing members in a po- sition to represent their feelings, ideas, & desires. Our highly esteemed brother, however, does not stop here, he wishes to introduce the aboriginal Ebon-ites to universal suffrage community, (of course, including the baby burdened young ladies) and he undertakes to prove by " an im- pregnable axiom in republican ethics" that all men and women, by nature are equal." We don't want to be so severe on him as to insist upon a proof of his axiom ; but, if human nature has not materially altered during the interval of our toddle and our hobble, we think ladies might easily be fonnd who would beat the George- street trio, forensic outsiders and all, without much trouble. The article referred to might have been written in joke, but, to substantiate it would be a very serious matter. MASONIC.-It is reported amongst the ' fraternity . that Captain Innes has been ap- pointed D. P. G. M. of the Masonic Lodges of Australia, working under the constitution of England. Thc gallant Captain's commission ls expected to arrive by the October packet The stockade on the Bathurst Road is about to be broken up, and the convicts hitherto employed at that establishment are to" be forwar- ded to Cockatoo Island. At the latter place a model prison is to be forthwith erected and various alterations are tobe made with referene« to the classification and discipline of the pri- soners. We understand that Captain Fitzroy, the brother of his Excellency the Governor, may shortly be expected in the colony. We bellfv» that Captain Fitzroy ls in co-omand of a 40 gun frigate. Tua CAB CASKS.-The vigilant Inspector hs« been fully employed of late In waging a crinad, against cab proprietors and cab drivrr* , noies» than fourteen cases having beon adjudicated upon during the week. Most of them were for tin enormous crimes of having a lamp extinguished, or waiting a blt on an illegal stand. Mr. lim* man defended the principal part of the casts.anil, in tho course of lits arguments, laid some lit»« polntsoflaw before their worships, previous!* untouched, which, perhaps will tend to put« stop tu tho extraordinarily summary und lax wa» in which proceedings aro generally con- ducted under the City By-lo/ws. Cabmen lia»« piivileges us well aa any other portion of tne community; and, as they have bee» io orien fined fur taking an ' Illegal sianJ,' h I» "U* highly necessury for their own Interests lu« they tike a ' legal one.' 