THE FORCE OF HABIT. Lna THOMAS MILLER.] A nnIEF paragraph, announcing the untimely end of this sketch, went the round of the papers about ten years ago. For the few additional fasts woven into the following article I am in debted to a friend, who was well acquainted with the original. A person must either be out very late or very early before he arrives at a knowledge of half the ways and means of obtaining a livelihood in London-let him search through a long sum mer-day, and he will never meet with a coffee stall in the streets, while at midnight scores may be found scattered at the corners of the chief thoroughfares. Under low arches-at the en trance of narrow courts-the foot of the bridges -and even at what in the daytime are the most public and crowded places-may these open air stalls of refreshment be found, from the midnight hour to the grey dawning in winter, and in sum mer until about six in the morning. They form a kind of mustering ground, where many wait, from the closing to the opening of the ' gin pa laces' (a period seldom exceeding in some neigh bourhoods more titan two or three hours), and here they regale themselves with coffee, cakes, and bread and butter, until the doors of the halls of drunkenness are again thrown open. So long as there is no very outrageous disturbance, the police pass on, and allow the sons and daughters of night to congregate around these places by scores. But little capital is required to open one of these establishments - a chair with an awning large enough to shelter the vender and his table from the wet-a few cups and saucers -mik jug and sugar-basin, with charcoal pan, kettle, and bellows, lantern, and a little coffee, and bread and butter, are all the requisites for a street coffee-stall, many of which have proved most profitable investments. Near a great central London thoroughfare had old John Nighton stood for above a quarter of a century with his coffee-stall. He began busi ness by selling saloop, a decoction of some kind of sassafras, which with milk and sugar, formed a welcome beverage for those who could not afford thle then costly luxury of coffee. It was not un til he had thoroughly established himself, that he ventured to introduce coffee to his superior customers, as he called them, while at the same time he dealt out saloop to the poorer classes; and there is no doubt that he was one of the first that introduced this article amongst his out of-door customers. Throughout the pleasant iights of summer, and when the winter winds come howling over the bleak bridges, old John was ever to be found at the same spot; and many a belated wanderer smiled, as he came aloung with tl.e blinding sleet blowing full in his face; when he saw those little round red fiery eyes in the ruddy grate, which told that they were both watching and keeping the" pot a boil ing." Although old John was not a man of many words, he was civil and obliging to all his customers; and a strange lot they were at times, consisting of the most indifferent characters of both sexes. Sometimes, however, he had a sprinkling of what he called " better-most sort of-people," such as returned very late from the theatres, and preferred walking home to hiring a cab, or of" young swells" who stopped to light their cigars, or men whose business on the press detained them late, and others who were compelled to be up and out early --but these were exceptions: his principal patrons belonged to a class who neither 'I toiled nor spun." True, there were the poor cabmen, doomed to be out for the night, and the police, who aue forbidden to enter any house to refresh themselves whilst on duty; to these on a bitter winter night, old John's beverage was indeed acceptable. A man with great conversational powers would never have got on like old John Nighton; his principal observations were confined to " A cold morning-Thank you-Fourpence, please Muich obliged--Change, sir"-and all such little matters as solely appertained to business; for those who assembled round his coffee-stall came only for what they wanted, or to inquire after some one they had appointed to meet there, or to converse with one another. Rumour did say that oltiJohn was in possession of many secrets, and that rich offers had been made to him to reveal them ; but neither inspector nor sergeant could ever get more out of him than that he " had enough to do to mind his own business and to see that his customers paid for what they took:' No one ever remembered seeing the old man in the daytime; the light seemed to make him drowsy ; ant he was always thankful when the days began to shorten. IHe used to wish that the'snn rose and set at six all the year round; for that, he argued, seemed natural. If ever lie took a bad shilling he laid the blame to the day light, which he said " dazzled his eyes." He was never known to be a minute behind his time; as the church clock tolled the hour of midnight, the cart, which he himself drew, was sure to be seen in tile old accustomed place. At six in the morning of summer, and seven in winter, be had packed up, and was gone. For years he hadl been his own housekleeper; but as age crept upon hIim, he employed a chair woman, a sharp-lookling talkative little body, who by degrees began to assist at the coffee stall, and often brought the old man a little sornmethling hot and comfortable about four in the morning. Old Joliu never drank his own coffee; he said "it did not agree with him." In the the coure of time the little sharp-eyed woman bectamne Mrs. Nighton; and it was ob served by many that from that period old John never again looked the man that he once did. Ote winter John caught a severe cold, and for a whole week, for the first time in his life, he was unable to attend to his business. His wife, however managed to get throngh it, though not without a great deal of grumbling, besides tell ing the customers it was his own fault-that lie hadt quite enough to go into some other line of business, without exposing himself to the cold end the night air any longer. She also got the customers to reason with her husband aibout thcie matter; and they did. Her proposition was to sell the fixtures andt good-will of the coffee- stall, to take a good sizedtlhouse, iand furnish it, and let it off into lodgings. There was no enid of lodgers, who had known the old mant for years, ready to come any tlay and occupy the apart ments. Mrs. Nightou was delighted - " She had known people makn e a mint of money in the lodging-houseline, and why should n't they ?" after many a growl and deep-meaning shake of the headt, the old man at last allowed himself to be over-persuaded, although he said it would come to ino good. He asked £20 for his busi ness, and deolared that it was worth £100. One tday whilt hlie was asleep, his wife soltl the fix tares andl all for £10; when he awokle, and began to prepare for the night as usual, cart, kettle, chtrcoal, and aill were gone. There was .l nis like siubsidlitg thunder heard for above an hour in the house, and it is said that the old man sat growling in his arm- chair, and smoking his pipe at intervals, until day-light; nor could all her persuasions induce him to go to bed until his usual bed-time. "I should be dead in a week," said he, " if I broke up my old habits." The next day Mrs. Nighton took a large twelve-roomed house, and having in the course of the week persuaded her husband to allow her to draw a considerable sum out of the saving's bank, it was soon furnished from cellar to attic. I-er next step was to procure a " thorough" servant; as for lodgers she had more applica tions than rooms. The old man never inter fered with her arrangments all he at first did was to steal out in the night, and bemoan the loss of his coffee-stall at the bars of the late night-houses. Sleep he could not, excepting in the day- time; and when he could find no one else to speak to, he accompanied the police. men on their beat, sometimes never once speak ing for the hour together. In vain did the3 tell him that his wife was a sharp, clever woman, and sure to do well-he only shook his head. Now Mrs. Nighton, with all her apparent cunning and calculation, had her weak points, and prided herself on " taking people by their looks." Old John would have preferred a good reference with his lodgers, but his better-half " pooh poohed ;" any body could get a reference she said, but an honest-looking face was a gift of nature, she had her own way and lost by it. Hler honest-looking lodgers came and went with out. paying, and she consoled herself by saying that she knew they would if they could, and that it would be all right enough at last. Wiser people said that it was just what might be ex pected, and that the riffraff who wasted their nights in the streets and at coffee-stalls, couldn't be expected to pay for their apartments, and that really they could not see of what use lodgings were at all to such-like people. In fact they paid Mrs. Nighton back again in her own coin, and said that she knew they were honest. Meantime the old man formed an acquaintance with his successor, and now went out night after night, and hovered like a ghost around his old coffee-stall. To and fro he traversed, alnost a shadow of his former self, and sometimes when an order was given, he so far.forgot himself as to move forward as if to serve ; then lie passed his hand across his forehead, shook his head, muttered something to himself, and continued his measured march as usual. One morning as his suc essor was packing up, and after John had no bled his " good by," the old man turned back and said, "Twenty-five down; come in to night.' The new occupier replied, " No, no, not for double that amount." Johin Nighton heaved a deep sigh, and that day coull not be persuaded to get up for an hour, as was his ge neral custom at dinner time. A visible alteration for the worse had already taken place in old John's appearance. His face, which before, through exposure to the wind and weather, looked blue, and purple, and crim son, as if made up of a minglement of all kinds of healthy an.l lasting colours, now faded into a series of dingy yellows. His clothes, too, which before suited his " thick rotundity," now hung about him in loose disorder, " a world too wide for his shrnuk form;" and although he went to bed as usual in the morning, the old familiar sleep visited him not; punctual as the midnight itself, he was ever found at his former post; and for five weeks in succession did lie make an advance of five pounds each week on his original offer; but fifty pounds was not sufficient to buy out the new-comer. Matters grew worse at the lodging house. Lodger after lodger decamped ; and not satis fled with escaping rent free, they carried off all they could lay their hands upon. lBed ticks were found without feathers; pillows, sheets, anid blankets, were taken away; the very man pieces were plundered of their ornaments; fenders, fire irons, and hearthlrugs vanished as if by magic: anti after being pledged the dupli cates were sometimes forwarded to Mrs Nigh ton, assuring her of their honesty, and promis lng they would redeem them as soon as they coul. After much " gnagging and weretting." she succeeded in driving the old man out in the day-time, giving him strict orders that, if lie came in contact with any of the defaulters, he waits at once to call the police and give them in charge. Poor John Neighton! he went out more for the sake of peace and quietness, and to get rid of his wife's incessant clamour, than in the hope of ever retrieving anything from the plunderers. Behold him at last in the crowded streets of London in the open noon of day! He seemed to wander along like a man in a dream ; he was ever running against somebody, then pausing to rub his eyes, and gaze around in astonishment; sometimes he tilliped his nose, or pulled his hair, or stru-k his elbow against the wall, as.if doubtful whether lie was asleep or not. A dark narrow court was his delight; and where any other person would have been compelled to have groped his way, there he saw all that was going on, and would watch the people passing by for hours together. His favorite haunt was beneath those gloomny arches on which the Adelphi Terrace is built. IHe was often seenu to peep. down those dark gratings near Waterloo bridge, shere the cellars are five storey's deep. H-ad he been single lie would have occupied one of these. " Cool, quiet, and shady," lie used to say; "a iman might sleep there in the daytime." After many offers to purchase back his old business, all of which were refused, a bright beam of hope at last shot across his mind-it was the last flicker of the flame before it shot up and expired iu the darknessl-he would set up in opposition to his rival. A few nights after he was seen stationed at the end of a neigh bouring street, at a spot which few people passed in the tight. For a whole fortnight he stood his ground manfully, although hlie was scarcely visited by a single customer; the few who aip. proached only criedl shamne on him for sellitg hIis business, and then attempting to injure the purchaser. Even those who had stolen his goods refused to deal with him, and went so far as tojustify their conduct by his own. On reaching home one morning his wife was missing; and two or three days passed away and no tidings came; but at length a letter arrivedl stating that her former husband had returnied from transportation, and as she had always a likting for him, they had set sail together for America. The little that remained in the savings' bank she had drawn out before her de parture, leaving also the half-year's rent, besides a considerable amount of taxes, unpaid. This last blow was too much for the old man; what remnained of his goods was seized and sold, and from that day he went wandering about like a restless spirit during the day, and at night ot citpied his new position with his coffee-stall at the corner of the court. This lasted but a nfew nighits; o one came near him save the policeman, and he once or twice found the old man fast asleep inl his chair. One night they missed him at the accustomed place; inquiries were made at the litte house up the court where he lodged ; he went out at " dark hour," and had not returned. Tidings came next day that an old man answering to his de scription had been seen late at night wandering on Blackheath; another day passed without bringing any further rumour of his " where about." At length a notice was stuck up at the police station that the body of an old man had been discovered suspended from a beam in a ruinous outhouse near Lewisham. Old John Nighton had hanged himself; he had fulfilled his pro phecy, for from the very night when he was first deprived of his coffee-stall, he had been heard to say that he was a doomed man, that he knew his own habits better than any body. and should never be happy again. He was like one of those climbing plants, which only thrive whilst they twine and tuirn from the sun; and which, when forced against their nature to meet the light, droop, decay, and die. According to the doc trine of Pythagoras, he might have existed in a previous state either as a bat, a badger, or a mole, for he loved darkness better than the light.-Chambers's Edinburgh Journal. 