CESERAL MISCELLANY. A return, moved for by Mr Brotherton, M.P.-for Salford, shows that from 1842 to 1847-48 inclusive, there were passed by the Imperial Par liament 2,468 bills, of which 830 were public, 236 pnvate, and 1,397 personal Acts. Liverpool Album. A correspondent of the Times says:— " Allow me to draw public attention to a perform ance of a disgraceful and blasphemous nature ex hibited nightly in the Haymarket Theatre, under the title of the Poses Plastigues, in which the whole history of the Temptation is performed, frjm the first scene with the serpent to the final expulsion from the garden, with an accuracy which would be applauded by a Parisian audience, but which ought to disgust an English and Christian public. The serpent is actually represented offering the apple, and the angel with a flaming sword is really and truly performed by a half-naked woman. Surely this ought not to be allowed, nor will it, if attention be drawn to it through your valuable paper. I may add that there is no secrecy or dis guise about the matter; any one may see the bills outside the doors of the exhibition, informing the public that they m?y see the performances for one shilling. There was lately in the garden of the Rev. J, H. Harrison, Bnghrook rectory, a robin's, nest, whli four eggs in it, built io a small watering can, suspended on a nail in the wall. Mr. Dickens' last work announced in the London April papers, is "The Personal H:story, Adventures, Experience,and Obseivaiions, of David Copperfidd the Younger, of BlunderHone Rookery," which he never meant to l>e published on any account, with Illustration*. To be completed in 20 monthly numbers. Mr, W. H. Jones, Commoner of Jesus College, has linen eleced a scholar of ibat society, on the Anglesea Foundation. A grant of £200 has been lately made to Mr. E. W. Lane, the well-known author of the Mo dern Egyptians, and of a very acourate translation of the Arabian Nights. Mr. Lane is distinguished a nongst Oriental scholars for his thorough knowledge of the colloquial as well as writ'en languages derived from the Arabic root; and he is now turning his talents to good account by the compilation of a lexicon of the Arabic language, avoiding the errors and sup plying tbe deficiencies of his predecessors. This graot has been afF.irded to him from the fund for " special service," which is at the disposal of the Premier, ao'i is not an annual pension, as was in correctly stated in tbe Literary Gazette.~ Observer. There are 5,416 pieces in a locomotive s'eam-engine, whioh require to be put together with as muoh accuracy as the works ol a watoli. A short time ago, a poor little house soarrow, pursued by a hawk, ffew into a cottage in King-street, M>ryport, through the front door,which was standing open at the time, and sought refnge b* cowering near the fire-place. The daring hawk, ■however, rushsd in after i's prey, regardless of con sequencer, and, having secured its victim, was about to dart back again into the open air, but was oap turid by tbe occupier of the cottage, a carpenter, who has made a cage for his prize, in which it is at prt sent domiciled, apparently reconciled to the reverse whioh the fortune of war has entailed on it.—Cum berland paper. The cargo of the ship Sea, consisting, of 13,257 packagts, was discharged at Liverpool, in March last, within the short spaee o( twelve hours and a half. There are in England ninety-four packs of foxhounds, twenty packs of harriers, and foar pa<-ks of do^honods. The cost of the Dublin police is estima ted at £70,000 a-year, towards wnich only £20,01.0 is collected. The ship Alexander, of Dundee, left Cal cutta in April last, for London. When about a month at sea, Mr. Latla, the chief officer of the ship, while on duty one evening, naught an eagle Af'er keeping the bird tw~> days, he propose! to Captain Inglis, t'm commander of the ship, that the bird should be rt ' leased. This was accordingly done. A small piece of leather wi h the name of the ship, and the laiituifa aid longitude, was 'ieil to the bird's net k, and 'he bird took its flight. Strange to gay, ties sime bud was caogUMkBTMk•" American whaler 2,200 mi'es distant fiom the place 1$ left the «hsg J^mnder. The new* came to London hi a ship fiwMWMaiaiul of Cey'on, who spoke the whiler and saw the bird. Mr Buckstone, the distinguished com edian, lately got his naaal organ so severely cut by one of the actors ib tbe Theatre Royal Liver pool, while his part was proceeding that he bad to quit the stage, and the performances ceased. The Sultan of Turkey has lately given permission to the Jews to build a synagogue, or as they prefer to call it, a temple, on Mount Zion. A singularly speculation is said to have bean started in New York, namely, the fitting up of a vessel to convey 103 females to California. A correspondent says that when the Times recommended an issue of three-penny pieces to banish vagrancy from the streets, one thing was unmenlioned—the nse to which a certain class pnt the present threepences; to wit, how best to pass them for fourpennies. " Not only," says the Stamford Mercury, has the tide of popular opinion set in against Old Mother Church, but the actual tide of tbe sea bas damaged the foundation of Boaton church; that beantifnl little edifice, however, which has oat lived one set of theological opinions, will probably soon witness tbe termination of another." The Suffolk Chronicle states that the Norwich pottera intended to preaent the Swedish Nightingale with some new " jugs." At a late meeting in Norwich, Mr Parry said. " I will not tell yon what I last heard respect ing the Duke of Marlborough, because if I were to tell you that a man was brought up in a police court, and fined 5s. for being drank, that would be slander and actionable." In Great Britain alone nearly 30,000 medical men toil without amassing a competency for old a^e. The Backs Advertiser says that hundreds of persons at Aylesbury have lately been led to be ! lieve a ghost was at work, from a constarftly reeor riqaknock knocking at a cottage door withont any. vwole agency. At Strickland-gate, in Kendal, a sports maa,who was lately passing St. Thomas's church, W^th a common Mr-nun j«j his hand, observed a Sterling perched on the pinnecle of the steeple. wfjtiVim'y discharged the piece, and the bird fell Ahull having been fracture 1 by the hailqi TW MRght of the pinnacle from the spot WnenoHher spot tsraian took aim, is upwards of a lOjfeet. " It is rumoured," says the Bristol Mer cury, "that Earl Ftlzhardinge has wholly with drawn hjs support from the Liberals of this city." la a proper slate of things a peer would have no support to withdraw. The furniture of the house at Stowe ori ginally cost £900,000. When the Dake became embarrassed, it was valued at £450,000 ; bat it is now ascertained that it will realise by the sale, £1,200,000, or £300,000 more than it cost.—Keen's Bath Journal. In the ancient records of the city of Lon don, it is stated that no person is eligible to be re turned as an Alderman unless he be of comely per son, wise, grave, wealthy, faithiol, generous, and not a mean and servile oondition, so as to disparage the diguity of the city. J.landillo Bridge, Carmarthenshire, a noble structure, m completed. The bridge, which is the third largait in the kingdom, being nearly 150 feet spas, is built principally of black marble, at an expense of about £18,000. Gloucester bridge cost £t0,0l)0, and Chester £40,000. Mr. Hughes, a revolutionary soldier, in the 107th year of hi* age, was uken to the poll in Rockbridge County, Virginia, United States, at tb» late election, by a friend, in a carriage drawn by font dun horses. According to the recent census, there are 192,479 slaves io Kentucky, tod tbe inornate in th« number of slates in the last year is set down at 2921» >e : Printed every Monday morning, by a - 1- of IMTw 4in»wr Ax SUVUCIfelA *IIHII»5 vr»a»«y ■ ... , -, blished by the said Jaxu Aujsh, at the ie Times Office, corner of King William Ladle-streets, where all commrniimtiaM for litor are to be addressed. 