IRELAND. The Cork Examiner contains the proceed ings of an inquest, held under peculiarly melan choly circumstances, upon tho body of a man who died from maltreatment in the ' black-hole' of Youghal workhouse. Tho facts of tho case are set forth in the Examiner as follows : — " On Friday, the 20th of April, a weak tot tering man — or the skeleton of what once might bo called a map — staggered nito the workhouse of Youghal. He was lean and hungry, with tho voracity of a wolf. On Friday and Satur day ho was supported by the bountiful charity of the Poor Law, andton Sunday morning, in stigated by hunger, this wretched being at tempted — what ? To commit what terrible crime? Murder? No, — to steal a morsel of bread! This was the solo crime of which the pauper Patrick Conolly was guilty. Reader, understand this well; Conolly was caught in the apt of abstracting an additional moi'scl of bread from a basket, nothing more. Well, for this crime the Draconian punishment was death 1 It is as true as it is horrible. His punishment was death — death by cold, starvation, and mental torture — a death by lingering agony. It is a fuel, listen : — he was taken by one official into the presence of another, and tlien handed over to the custody of a third, who placed him in what, without the least stretch of fancy, is rightly called the black- hole ; a den without air or light, and measuring eight feet by six 1 Into this hole the starving man was thrust, his miser able meal having been torn from his hungry eyes and wolfish appetite 1 When the hour came for the paupers to thank God for porridge, Conolly's prison door was thrown open, and he was led forth to — pray ? Maddened with hunger and nervous horror — for his cell adjoined the deadhouse, and he had been locked up for a while in, the chamber of death, where two coffins lay — this victim of workhouse discipline was hidden kneel down before the altar, and offer up his thanks and adoration to the Father of Love and Mercy !' When he staggered up from his trembling knees, he was led back again to his cold, dark, airless cell, to tenant it with his rag ing hunger and unutterable sufferings. The day rolled on — the day dedicated by the Christian world to thoughts of peace, and love, and holi ness, and at 2 o'clock death — more merciful than man — laid its cold hand on the heart of the victim pauper. Before he fell to the earth he murmured, in broken accents, the touching remonstrance, that it was "not fair to deprive him of his food ; that while others had their break fast, he was put in a room where coffins were ! He fell ; his head and side struck against the hard walls; and he lay insensible on the floor of his fatal cell. Then an outcry was raised, the shattered frame was lifted from the cold floor ; officials bestirred themselves ; nurses hurried to and fro ; the doctor was sent for ; — hut all in vain — the blow had been struck loo. home — and, after lingering for a few hours in speechless prostration, . Conolly, the pauper, yielded up the ghost ! " An inquest was held on the body, and the following was the verdict of the jury :— - " ' We find that on Sunday, the 22nd of April, Patrick Conolly, a pauper in Youghal workhouse, was confined in a place' called the black-hole, being at the same time deprived of his rations, and while so conhnoct, being seized with sickness, shortly after died : and the jury find that the said Patrick Conolly came by his death in consequence of being so confined in the said black-hole, and being deprived of his ra tions ; and the jurors wish to put on record their marked condemnation of the black hole of the Youghal workhouse.' " The skeleton frame of Conolly the pauper was submitted to the exploring knife of the surgeon, who reported on oath that ' not a par ticle of fat could be found beneath the skin or in tho abdomen of the miserable man 1' " 