RUSSIA. The following ukase respecting the Russian intervention in Hungary has been published in St; Petersburgh :-- ' . . '"'-By the grar.e of Gpch We, Nicholas I., Emperor aiul Autocrat ot all the uussias, «c., cleclare'to the nation, having by our manifesto of the Nth March, 1 848, informed our subjects of the miseries which afflicted Western Europe, we nt the same, time made known how we were ready to meet our enemies wherever they might show themselves, and that we ;should wilhout sparing ourselves, in conjunction indissoluble with , our sacred Russia, defend the honour of the Russian name" anil the . inviolability of our frontiers. ... 41 The commotions and rebellions of the West have not since then ceased. Guilty delusion enticing tho thoughtless crowd with visionary dreams of that prosperity which can never lie the fruit' of wilfulness and obstinacy, lias entered the East and the dominions contiguous to us, subjects of the Turkish Empire, viz., Moldavia and NVallachia. : Only by the presence of our troops, together wilh.those of Turkey, has order been restored and maintained ; but in Hungary and Transylvania the efforts of the Austrian Government, distracted already by another war with, foreign and domestic enemies in Italy, have not yet been able to triumph over rebellion. On the contrary, strengthening itself l»y hordes of our Polish traitors of 1831, and of others, foreigners, outcasts, runaways, and vagrants, the rebellion has developed itself there to a' most threatening degree. 44 In the midst of these unfortunate events, the Emperor of Austria has addressed himself to us with tho wish forr our assistance against our common enemies. . Wo shall not refuse him. 44 Having called to the assistance of this righteous enterprise tho Almighty Leader of Battles and Lord of Victories, we have com manded our armies to move forward for the extinction of rebellion, and the 'destruction of audacious and evil- intcntioned men, who endea vour to disturb the peace of. our. dominions also. 44 Let God be with us, and who shall be against us ? ' ' . . 44 So — Ave are convinced of it — so feels, so hopes, so aspires our God-preserved nation, every Russian, every true subject of ours, and Russia will fulfil hfr mission. . . 44 -Given nt St. Petersburgh the 26th day of April, in the year from the, birth of Christ, 1849, and the 24th of our reign. (Sighed) . 44 Nicholas I." Serfdom and Agriculture in Russia. — The Serfs or peasants in Russia nro yet in a state of.slave.ry, and are now as literally the pro perty of the master as the English labonrer was 600 years ago. It is difficult to conceive such a state of. things in a country, so near us. In numbers, those' serfs ' are computed at from 43,000,000 to, 4 5,000,000, nearly one-twentieth of the wiiole world's population, or double that of the United. Kingdom. T)f these rather more than one-half are still serfs of private individuals, the rest are serfs,- of the crown.. The condition of the serf 'is no better than the negro slaves of Havannali or Carolina. His master can sell hjm, 'he , can Strip him of his property, ho can separate, families, he can torture him to death. So great has become , the apathy of the serf in many placeSj that ihe may be seen scratching up the soil- with a plough like the prongs of a pitch fork, the clod which he turns over covering a ridge of its own breadth, and Thus, - whilst the surface of the ground 'is untouched, making the whole look brown, which seems to satisfy him. When- he, has dope his day's work, lie climbs on the back of his norse, hoists up the plough on to his shoulders, -'and jogs honie.wards. In others, he- sets fire to patches of forests, ploughing be tween ihe stumps, utterly oxhtiusting the land by as many crops as .it' will' bear, and then aban- dpningJt. . , Myriads of acres of the neglected land are - richer than, the. soil of Lincolnshire, arid yet.the serfs-.Qften perish from starvation. The most northern -part ; of this region has a population of 1 ,800,000 inhabitants, or four to a squafe mile ' the central region of wood, marsh, and . arable- ' land, has a ' population of 4O,O0OiOO6» or thjry to a'square iriile 5, and, lastly, in Southern' Russia, in 400,000 'square miles, vye have a population of 16,000,000, or less, than twenty-eight to a square mile. In the opinion of men conversant with agriculture, nnfl acquainted ; with- the two countries, the whole of this middle region of Russia might be render, ed as productive as the soil of > Belgium, which numbered,; many years ago? 300 inhahitants to the square- milp. , . If Uiis . middle region alone .were properly cultivated, it would amply supply the wants of 325,000,000 people. , , ' A Ghost in Lovf,.— The Aheille Cauchoise tells the following' story :—1' A few nights ago a wortfiy fairiner, ' living .near YveIot, r who haa lately .become'a widower, ' was aroused at. mid night by-the loud! haj- king .of his dog. On going to it, the animal displayed extreme terror, whereupon, the farmer took liis guu and pro ceeded' to- an inspection. Alfat once lie saw a ' horrii phantom, clothed in a while sheet, rise behind the hedge. 1 Tho farmop turned deadly pale, and his limbs shook with dismay. He, however, contrives to ejaculate, 4 IF you come from God, speak ; if from the devil,' vanish !' 4 Wretch !' exclaimed the phantom, 4 1 am your deceased. wife, come from . the grave to warn you not to marry Marie A ' , to whom you ane making love. She is unworthy to share my' bed. The only woman to succeed me is Hen rietta B- . Marry her, or prosecution and eternal torment shall he your doom !' This strange address from the goblin, instead of dis maying the farmer, restored his courage. He accordingly rushed on the ghostly visitor, and, stripping off its sheet, discovered the fair Hen rietta B 1 herself, looking excessively foolish. It is said, that- the farmer, admiring the girls trick, has had the banns published , for his . mar riage with her." The Goodwin Sands were formed in the year 1100, by an irruption of' sea' on the low lands, occasioned by the Abbot of Canturbury neglecting to keejj the sea wall ill repair. . The volcano Mount Vesuvius, has been more than usually active. Tho jmountaiu opened in two parts, and the people in the neighbourhood fled. Amongst many petitions against the repeal of the Navigation Laws, were presented one from Liverpool, with 24,700 signatures (Mr. Merries could hardly lift,) and one from London, signed by 20,759 persons. . Amongst other indications of a revival of trade may be mentioned the fact, that the traffic of the London and the North- Western for. seven weeks, since the closing of the last half- yearly .accouiit, (March last)1 shows ah increase of nearly £1 7,000 over the corresponding period of the previous twelve months, or an increase at the rate of-£2400 per week. Characteristic op the Dutch. — I -like Holland ; it is the antipodes "of France. No one is ever in a luirry here. Life moves 011 in a slow majestic stream, a little muddy aiid stag nant, perhaps, like one of their own canals ; hut you see no waves, no breakers, — not an eddy,—' not oven a froth breaks the surface. Even a Dutch child, as he steals nlong to school, smok ing his short pipe, has n meek air of thought ' about liiin. The great fat horses that wag along, trailing behind them some petty insigni ficant truck, loaded with a little ensk not bigger than a life-guardsiiian's helmet, look as though Erasmus was performing duty as a quadruped, and walking about his own nntive city in har ness. It must be a glorious country to lie born iii. No one is ever iii a passion ; ns to honesty, who has energy enough to turn robber ? The eloquence which in other lands might win a man from his allegiance, would he tried in vain here. Ten minutes' walk would put an audience asleep, from Zetland to Antwerp. Smoking, beer-drinking, domino- playing, going on in summer before, and in the winter within, the cafes ; aiid every broad fat face you look upon, with its watery eyes and muldy complexion, seems like a coloured chart of the country that gave it birth. How all the industry that has jnriched them is performed — how all the clean liness for which their houses are conspicuous is ever effected, no one can tell. Who ever saw a Dutchman labour ? Every thing in Holland seems typified by one of their own drnwbridges, which risen ns a boat approaches, by invisible agency, and then remains patiently aloft till a sufficiency of passengers arrives to restore it to place; and Dutch gravity seems the grand centre of all prosperity.— Dublin University Magazine. The Duke's Reception of the State ment ok the Slain at Waterloo. — It was late, long past midnight, when the Duke lay down. He had not found time so much as to wasli his face or his hands ; but; overcome with fatigue, threw himself, after finishing his des patches, 011 his bed. He had seen Dr. Hume, and desired him to. come' punctually at seven in the morning with his report ; nnd the latter, who took no rest, but spent the night beside the wounded, caine at the hour appointed, lie knocked at the Duke's door, but received; 110 answer. He lifted the latch arid looked iii, and seeing the F-eld Marshal in a sound sleep, could not find in his heart to awaken liitri. By and by, however, reflecting on tho importance of time to a man in the Duke's high situation, and being well aware that it formed nt> article in his. grace's code to prefer personal indulgence of nny sort to public duty, he proceeded to the bed side, and roused the sleeper.' The Duke sat up in his bed, his face unshaven, and covered with the dust and smoke of yesterday's battle; presented rather, a strange appearance ; yet his senses were collected, nnd in a moment he de sired Hume to make liis statement. The latter produced his list, and began to read. But when he proceeded, namo after name out — this as of one dead, the other as of one dying; — his voice failed him ; and looking up; he saw that the Duke was iii an agony of grief. The'teays chased one another from his grace's eyes, mnk: iug- deep -visible furrows in the soldier's black ened cheeks, and at Inst he threw himself upon his pillow, and groaned aloud. 4 It has been my good fortune never to lose a battle, yet all this glory.can by rip means compensate for so great a loss of friends,' he cried ; 4'whht victory is not tpp dearly bought at such a cost?' Hume closed up his. paper, unable to reply, and quit ting the apartment, left the Duke. to make, his toilet. This was done in a frame of mind which none except the individual, and not even he, could undertake to describe ; ' yet tho. storm passed off, and when he nppcared that day in public, the leader of the allied armies was as self- possessed as he had oyer been. .. Joseph Hume's Library.— The jyariiamen- tary library in Bryanstono-sqUarp is a perfect phenomenon in oxtent, methodical arrangement, and accessibility as to what is inside,, as well as to the outside.' Every Bluo-book,' every stray leaf of every vote 'piiper, and eviiry scrap of a return, classified, indexed arid .annotated, in the' veteran's own hand, for 40 yearji 'track ; so that there is not a single circumstaqce which has oc cupied the Legislature, in nny shape, during the whole of that period, upon the record of which Hume cannot place his finger on -the instant. Long distant be the day, .but, wlien it. comes, the sale of Joe's library must challenge 'national attention, and secure the nation for ii' purchaser of materials that will feed, whole, wildernesses of future Macaulnys with data for what may be called 'the private history of the public events of : the first half of this century — data of unim peachable accuracy and indubitable honesty; for no man has ever yet' been able to impeach the Edliticnl probity or personal honour of thejnem- cr for Montrose. 