V: : . MISCELLANEOUS. I Love of Liberty. — Two slaves 5n j Louisiana were let out by their master, | at a considerable distance from his own residence. They were skilful, intelli- I gent mechanics, and of course he oh- ; tained high wages for their work j What time remained alter their daily alloted tasks were finished, they j were allowed 10 have for themselves ; : aud these precious houre they employed , most industriously with a view of pur- j chasing their freedom. When they . had accumulated, by patient toil, a sum which they deemed sufficient, they endeavoured to negociate with their ; master, but without success. Again , they went to work and after two or j tlllwv CQIw) It viC V II U vl \ U iv 1 11 1 1 w ,sum so large that they felt almost cer tain it would tempt him to acced to their Irishes. But he found them too profitable to be lightly parted with ; moreover, whatever they had in pro perty, was in reality his. He might \ with perfect impunity have taken all their hard-earned wages, and kept them in slavery still, as thousands of slaveholders had done before him. But whether he doubted their having so much money as they pretended, or whether he was too honourable to steal more than ninety-nine hundredths of of their earnings, I know not; at all events, he would not lis'en to their proposition on any terms. Finding they could not purcha-e liberty, they wisely resolved to take it. The' enter prise was a perilous one, for through a long line of slave states, they must run the gauntlet of patrols, bloodhounds, lynchers, jail keepers, and rifles— and . if the.y reached the stales called free, they must dodge constables, and kid nappers, backed by the glorious consti- tution. They were sufficiently inlel- gent and well informed to understand the dangers they would incur, and to j devise a most running method of avoid- j ing them. They made themselves ac- I . quainted with "a white beggar, and | made him oficis large enough to secure : ltis secrecy. They dressed him in a handsome suit of c'othes. and through his agency, purchased a carriage and a fine span of horses. They brought the carriage to an appointed place, stood liat'in hand when he entered, and then mounted outside as footman and groom. Of course no p-.trol thought of chal lenging such an equipage ; and a white gentleman travelling through the country, attended by his servants, was welcomed at all the inns. The obse quiousness of their manners was an ad miration to their brethren in bonds T es inassa,' and ' certainly massa,' were accompanied with the most pro found bows, and spoken in the hum blest tone. The trio arrived in BotTcIo unmolested ; there the carriage and v horses were sold ; and the white beggar paid handsomely for consenting to play the gentleman. The slave's passtd over to Victoria's dominions, whence they wrote a very friendly letter to their ivhilom master, l egging that he would feel no uneasiness on their ac count, as thev were most comfnrlnhlv situated. — Rrtisli Friend. Whoever has occasion to frequent the resorts of business must have noted the insensible change which ihe rail ways are producing in its arrangements. To tBke the first illustration which pre sents itself, we may refer to the grocery trade. Formerly our country grocers used to lay in considerable slocks of teas and sugars at one or two periods of the year. Their transaction with the importers of those articles were etlected at considerable intervals, and on a com- partively low scale. Now scarcely any of them keep slocks on hand ; by the aid of the railway they receive the mo- uciuic nit) iiiiint'uiaitiy at brief intervals throughout the year. They are thus less subject lo specula tive uncertainties of price, less exposed to loss by injuries or accidents to iheir stocks, and more able to conduct their small businefs on a safe ready money system. The change is as great from the method which prevailed when ! yearly fairs were the rude agency by j which peripatetic traders supplied the wants of a rude community. In every department of commerce changes more "of less akin to this can be traced to the agency of the rail. A ludicrous circumstance occurred on board the TFilberfonce in Ireland a few days before leaving Kingstown harbour. The Lord Liuutenant and suite were expected shortly to examine the various arrangements of the vessel, and the sentry had sttict orders not to allow any rabble or other strange peo ple to come on board. It happened that without any previuus announce ment his Grace the Archbishop arrived alongside. The sentry perceiving' a tall gaunt figure in black, with a very -strange looking black hat and short silk apron, met him at the gangway and le- fused to allow him to pass. Mis grace's chaplain and some other clergymen who accompanied him, scrambled has tily up, whispering to the sentry in . utter dismay, ' It is his Grace the Arch bishop !' &c.; But the stupid and no less obdurate sentry, nor at all com prehending the title, only exclaimed, I can't halp it, sir ; none but respec table people can come oti board.' If we take the utmost bounds of the orbit of Uranus, we shall find that it occupies a portion of space not less than three thousand six millions of miles in extent. If the swift-st race horse ever known hail began to traverse the space at full speed at the lime of the birth of Moses, he c, uld only as yet have accomplished half his journey. Vestiges of Creation. lion to Reduce Taxation.— From : the recommendations of that useful body, the Liverpool Financial Asso- j ciation -. — Lords Colchester and Can- j tcrbury, as sons of two Speakers, enjoy j severally pensions of .£3000 a-year. It seems .recognised that where a man has been successful iu life, has attained high honours and ample salary, his sail is to be paid for it also 1 The Speaker of the House of Commons ought no doubt to receive a yreat salary and a greater amount of coinmisseration, far , lie must sit out the debates, poor gen - ; tleman ! but his son? It has been often said that 'talent is not hereditary ;' then why the reward for it? Why these pensions " Bcqueath'd from 1 Spcaker'sire to son | It may be answered, to support the dig- j nit'y of Ihe peerage. Then »hy make j peers to be indebted for support to the country, which gives, mid grudges it? The association recommend that this £0000 be saved. On the same princi ple Lord Canning has £3300 a-year for his father's well paid services, and is himself in the Ministry ; save that £3000. The officers of the late Lot- Urv-office aud Exchequer (many of them sinecurists, and all of them well paid), enjoy merely an annual £10,03.3, ? another easy saving. Mr Penu (for I William Bonn's services in America a I centii'V and a half ago) has £1000 | yearly. The association recommends ! the abolition of this pension, hut it is a debt of gratitude. Look at the value Pennsly vania has been to us of late. Among umrece-sary sinecures the fol lowing are specified : — S. Percival, late Teller of the Exchequer, £2 100; II. Ellis, late Clerk of the Pells (sinecure) , £1-100 ; and Viscount .Melville for loss of privilege of nominating the Sheriffs' rinrVc sjpni fimi 4 i nnn I.iabi'iity to Insanity. — From a table illustrative of the occupations and ci-il condition of the insane, it appears that the farmers aud labourers, whose natural and healthy employments might be thought to bestow almost an ex emption from this malady , afford no less than twenty per cent, of the whole number. The meicantile class, whose anxieties audfeverish speculations might be supposed to irritate the ner vous system far more than the unvaiicd and steady occupations of the farmer, yield only three per cent ; while j among the female patients the mono- | tnuuus tone of an indolent or merely | housewifely occupation seems to afford j a parallel to the agricultural, their | numbers hearing us high a proportion 1 to the whole as forty-two per cent. Does It not stem to follow, that the | energetic emp'oyment of all the powers ' of the brain, which is the necessary ! condition of a lite of trace and bud- j ness, is more favourable to the contin- I uance of health than the paitial em ployment of some facnltirs, and the stagnant condition of many others, as' in the farmiug and domestic i lasses ? | The medical profession supplied ten patients, and the c'erical six : but what will be considered surprising is, that the civil condition of married and single give respectively almost equal propor tions, the farmer being 5-15, and the latier 501. — From Dr. I/'inslow's Journal of Psychological Medicine. ' We want your arms,' said the po lice to a:i Irish Chartist in Manchester. ' Faix, and 1 must keep them to earn bread for my family,' was the reply. ' Your fire-arms we mean.' ' Ocli, then, my jgwels, and you must go und get them from my wife ; but lake cate of her, for devil a bit will she part with her tongs, poker, and shovel, without making them loo hot to hold for you.' The police were 1 bothered.' Emigration from Ireland to Texas. — A letter from the Dublin correspoti- j tlenl of the ' Morning Chronicle' says: , " You are already aware that emigration lo a vast extent has been in progress amongst the humbler classes of pur agricultural population, including many farmers who had been occupiers of cotr- siderable tracts of land. Since the opening of the spring, the tide of emi gration has continued, and now, even at the close of the autumn, vessels are receiving their living cargoes, chiefly I fur the United Slates and Canada. ' Many shopkeepers, small traders, and mechanics are amongst the multitude of, voluntary exiles, flying from a country I where the struggle for existence is hourly becoming more difficult and arduous. But a class of emigrants of a totally different kind are now pre- | paring lo leave the country, in order to j i make a settlement in Texas. A little j colony, consisting of some persons in the j rauk of geulry — one gentleman who had been the representative for a south eastern county, three justices of "the ; peace, and sundry farmers of the larger ' class, with persons who had been in mercantile pursuits or connected with banking establishments — is about to be established in Texas, where lands have already been purchased. This party of emigrants, consisting of a large number of families, are to leave this coun'ry early in the next month, and will take their departure from Liverpool for New Orleans, as the best mode of reaching their destination in Texas. Amongst the Texan colonists will bo a cleigyman of the Established Church, who has parted with bis living and sold off what ever property he possessed in this country, and who is to become the pastor of the members of the Church ol England in the new settlement. This new feature in Irish emigration is well deserving of attention, as an indication of a" break- up' amongst the gentry and the middle class, as well as the rural population." v Singular Suicide by the Supposed ' Discoverer of the Use of Ether and i Chlorofortn'. — At the latter end of j .lanuary, Dr. II. Wells, formerly of j Hartford, Connecticut, committed sui- ' cide at New York. The deceased 1 claimed for himself the honour of being j the original discoverer of the use of j ether and chloroform in surgical and . dentistry cases, and visited London and ' Paris for the purpose of establishing I his claim lo the original discovery. It ! appears that Dr. Wells was in the habit ; of producing intoxication upon himself j by the use of cholorofortn, and under i one of the paroxysms produced by the I I intemperate use of this powerful agent, \ sailed for 1 1) into Broadway, and threw vitriol upon the cloth s of some of the utnoriuu.ue girts woo tune pruineu tue at night. He was taken into custody, and, for the purpose of drowning the consequences ot exposure, committed suicide, by inflicting. a desperate gash in his left thigh, penetrating the fe moral artery Beside hitn, when dis covered, lay a penknife, a razor, and a phial labelled 'Pure Choloroform' ; from which there is no doubt that he used iiis otvu medicine to destroy the sensation of pain in the act. A person had obtained for the deceased, a few- days previously, a phial of vitriol, for the purpose of throwing upon some of the girls, who, lie said, had injured him, and it is supposed that his intoxicated state must have operated upon him. He has left a widow and one child. — American paper. A hand-book to the royal stables at Windsor is published, containing very curious and interesting particulars of her Majesty's stud, carriages, &c.; There is a "history and an anecdote connected with almost every animal. Mr. Judge, tii tviiuui tiiu fjuuiit; arc ujutruiru lur that very remarkable work, ' Sketches of her Majesty's Household is the author. He tells us that the whu'e of the wood work of the new riding house and stables, which cost the nation £70,000 only five years ago, is expected ; with the dry rot, and the greater part ! has had to be replaced abendy. Where was the architect? Where the clerk of the works ? both of whom were so well paid. The stables have accommodation for 102 horses and 4-1 carriages. Among other interesting trifles, we are told that the two white goals, which were pre sented five years since by the Shalt of Persia to her .Majesty, and which were found intractable, after much hutting, to draw a carriage for the royal chil dren, and were consequently turned out into the park, have increased and mul tiplied to the number of 200. 1 Whet are Ghosts made of?' says, the ,\'orth British Review, ' if these so- called gliosis or psychical bodies be anything at all, they must be either in iterial or spiritual, unless some third kind of existence can he demonstrated i to be actually in the universe. If thev \ he material, they must be solid, liquid, I or gasiform ; or at le»3t one of the ino- j difications or combinations of these j forms of maltrr. In truth, it is sub- i sumed even by the ghost mongers, as they ate called by Archdeacon Hare that they are neither solid nor liquid, so that the gaseous or vapanform shapes are the only ones that remain for them. Now vapours or gases they cannot be, for these simple and irresistible reasons. Neither a gas nor a vapout can per manently hnut.d a figure, even of the moat irregular or cloudlike species, within our atmosphere. There is a principle of diffusion which forbids it. I Two masses of aeriform matter cannot : remain in contact. Instantly one such ' sensible form is brought into contact | with another, they begin to melt away j into each other. Falton discovered Illtltljf ogu uiai uiic acio ua a vacuum to another, and Mr. Graham has eliminated the rate of that kind of mutual dissolution with his wonted precision. There is no exception to the law ; and a most beautiful and bene ficent one it is, for it is in vii/ue of it that the carbonic acid of the atmosphere does not sink below the oxygen and nitrogen, like water below oil, and suffocate the organic kingdoms of nature.' On the 19th of July the Empress of Brazil gave birth to a son, who becomes her heir to the thione. This event changes the position of the Princess de Joinvillej the sister of the Emperor, who would have been called to succeed him in default of issue. : General Henry Dodge — This gen tleman, the declining nominee of the 1 barnburners for the vice-presidency, is a thorough democrat, as the following anecdote may suffice to show : — " Passing through the main street of Galena in the suuitner of 1S2<3, we saw a heavily laden waggon slicking fast in a rut, and the waggoner stiiving to extricate it. While we stood gazing, a good looking man in a smock frock, catpe along, with a rifle on his shoulder, anil two braces of pistols in his hel). ' Won't you lend us a hand, general ? ' said the waggoner to this personage I rather, kinder, sorter, seem to think I will.' repli-d the other, in the phrar seology of .Missouri ; and suiting the action to the word, he leaned his rifle' against the wall of a grocery hard by, and went to work with hearty good will and great effect. The waggoner and he treated each other with cere monious politeness. ' Lift a little, general, if you please.' ' Yes sir, will that do ? ' ' Like a book, general. Now sldw ber a thought this way if it is not inconvenient.' ' Just as you, and not as I please, my dear sir'.' In a few moments tha waggon was- extri cated, and the rifleman resumed his rifle and went his way. ' Who is that per-: son ? ' inquired we of an acquaintance, | established in Galena. 'Tie ! — that's General Dodge, the greatest Indian fighter in these diggings. I thought every body knew him.' ' And what does he go armed lo the teeth for? ' ' Why there's trouble between Ifim and the — (we forget the name of the family) — and they carry arms agaiu.-t each other. There will he hot work if they ever happen to meet.' This custom of deadly feud between individuals and families, and of going armed and fight ing when a meeting chanced, was then Very common in the Missisippi stales especially iu Missouri." 