ENGLISH AND FOREIGN NEWS. By the ' Larpent," we have European News to the 27th March, which we subjoin. We are also iu possession of the following letter. (from our london correspondent,) London, March 22, 1819. Our last latter brought political miscel laneous matters up to the day but one pre ceding the opening of Parliament. Com mencing now at that incident, ore shall begin with the observations of the Premier, the first night of the Session, upon the address from the throne, and shall then firoceed in n desultory fashion to bring the eading odds and ends of national events and tittle tattle before your readers, with out any exact regard to date or order, hut in such fashion as will, it is to be hoped not bo the less acceptable, from its The noble lord passed in the debate signally over the Tory comments on the Navigation Laws portion of the royal Speech. And whut a debate, and what a royal speech, to be sure! One worthy of the other, undoubtedly. But first, as to the speech, or rather as to its antecedents, the procession, and the accompaniments of the pageantry of the opening of Parliament, which it will be expected we should chroni cle here. On that head, however, there is really little or nothing to be said whicli ony body would care to hear. The whole affair wnt the flattest, tamest, and most spiritless ever witnessed by your correspon dent, who, you must know, is a connoisseur in these matters, and has a profound inti macy with the minutiae of the entire para phernalia of the cortege, from the topmost curl of the patent kid's hair wig of Mr. Edward Baker, the stage coachman, to the bottomest halt of the tail of every indivi- dual one of the eight cream-coloured horses who have the honour to draw her Majesty and the gilt lion and unicorn to Westmin ster. The day waa a partially dull and dreary one. The sun itself seemed to bo out of contenanse at the anticipated abbre viations of mundane splendors for the future, though it set the example of economy by a most cheese-paring retrench ment of its own beams. The beef-eaters and yeomen-of-the-guard, and all the other janissaries of what Cobden (as well as Milton), calls barbaric pomp, looked un commonly down in the mouth ; and the multitude manifested an indifference to their trappings and gew gaws that would have delighted Cato and Cuffey to look upon—that is, the stoicisim not the gimerarkery, though the sentence would allow you to take it, like the showman's visitor. which ever way you please. Her Majesty was particularly energetic in her recog nitions of the greetings of the unwashed, who crowded the line of route in unex ampled numbers, a fact which implies that employment is much less brisk thun we hud been led to expect. The Prince Field Msrthnll, too, was as industriously con descending as though he atill hoped for the office, and salary of the other F. M.— the Horae Guard's one— a calculation now quite beyond the belief of the moat san guine actuary iu the doctrine of chances. There was not much appearance of timidity about H. 11. H., but indeed, why ihoufd there be f for wasn't he well aware of the rigid performance that morning of the ai, important duty of bunting for gunpowder ana the ghost of Guy Fawkes, in the cell lars of the Houses, by Sir Augustus Clif ford, Gentleman, Usher of the Black Itod- (officiating for LordWillougbby de Eresby) attended by a party of the Yeomanry Guard, under the command of Captain Sadler. Heroic Clifford, worthy of your chivalric ancestor j— during and undaunted Sadler ! Ye art indeed protectionists of the true stamp, whom no danger can appal — that is, no danger short of the amputation of your salaries ; and we shall probably soon have an opportunity of trying your mettle, by that urendful California lest too, one of these days. The whole debate in both Houses was a prolonged surprise. Who expected to see Brougham, wiien it is only yesterday, as it were, we heard of the incomprehensible imp being, at Archangel, or downVesuvius, or some place or oilier, last place in the world where anv one would think of look- ing for any body else. But, having turned up, that he should make the speech, he did against Cobden, wits parliaps natural enough ; for I be must speak against some one, if he is not to hold his tongue alto gether ; and who so likely a mark as the man of real Beforms, compared with Old Harry's sham ones ? Nobody reckoned upon nn amendment in the T"r(l i but a division in which Ministers" escap;.'1 R majority of two, pretty clearly shows 10 obstructive strength of the house of incuril.' suggests the propriety of our furbishing uji our arms with some telling Whig anti- peerage quotation, drawn from the inex haustible store-house of ltussellite and llobhousean oratory, of the state of the ever memorable A.D., '31-2. Not that there is any great need to make a fuss on behalf of any reforms, Mtuisters may dream of ; but if this be the first upaiiot of their mere intimation to " Consider of retrench ment" (for that is the pinch on the here ditary tender toe of Toryism,) what may we look for when Cobden comes to put on the tourniquet P There is a prophecy, based on the first night's affair in the Lords :— "Peerage reform will become the real cry of the country, and will have to precede any substantial reform in 6- nauce." The opening feature of the debute tn tho Commons »m D'lsraeli's sptecli and amendment, leading to an adjouruod de bate,-, It Wlis indeed » must melancholy and humiliating spectacle to see the bril- liant intellect and comprehensive judg ment of this profound and original thinker and thoroughly great parliamentary genius, degraded to a lacqney's servitude, on be half of a miserable, mindless, and decrepid faction — repeating the veriest gibberish of the most enile twaddle among the bumpkinocracy, and hopelessly try ing to invest it with attractive freshness, by dressing up its old turnip head and radish legs in the pic turesque clothing of ids sparkling diction and duelling fancy. Only picture D'lsrneli of all men in the world representing Cobden as a jacobin! Why, this is the identical trash lie so remorselessly satirises in " Con- ningsby" when ho puts it into the mouth of Wilson Croker, (liipby), and caused that once famous type of Anti-Gallican red- | tapery to be hooted from the hustings by the littia boys nnd old women, whom he thinks to terrify by gshblinx about that obsolete hobgoblin the first French ltevo- lution ! A charming time of dny this cer tainly, to start a bugaboo of that order. But it is Dart of tho penalty of Mr. D'lsraeli's position, to work the slides of the political magic lanthorn at the bidding of Stanley ; and he has assuredly so performed his in structions, that besides his go.'gons and chi meras dire tile little dwurfish sprites of the mutations stand out respectable and life like. Oh, that the Coming Man. the Sibyl of a great hereafter, the laurent of the mighty anticipated destinies of " the sacred una romantic people from whom he derives his nnine nnd rare" should voluntarily get upon tho loftiest pinnacle of the wide world's observation, and there solemnly crown him self as a deliberate and pre- determined humbug, nnd the orncle of humbugs ; that the prime satirist and exterminator of tiiu great Pecksnitlian Quack of this epoch of pretencs and bomboozlement, should have, of liis own accord, become a foil at once to Sibtliorpe and the Special Constable Pre mier,— tli is is indeed a catastrophe too ex travagant to have entered the heads of the writers of the wildest of those German loniances he talked s.: much about. The member for Bucks complained bit terly of many omissions from the Koyal Speech. How comes it that that most re markable of all omissions — the enfranchise ment of the Hebrew — escaped the cautery of the all caustic Caucasian .' He could wax ironical enough about the priests' pen sion business, but lie was dumb on the point of all others shnrpest to the soul of Sidonia — the continued degradation of his people below the standard of Christian citi zenship 111 the State. And what a theme, too, for the chastisement of the pusillani mous Premier, who shirks the obligation lie solemnly incurred to his own colleague in the renreaentation of the MetronoliA. nnrl now quietly cushions a matter whose advo cacy was the great incentive to the electoral support he himself received at the time he was cuckooing his foxile axiom, that no man should suffer civil disabilities for reli gious opiuions. Or was it that the gifted Hebrew dared not to allude to ignominy which his bigot political patrons declare shall be eternally stamped upon the tribes of Israel as long as Toryism shall have the power to brand them ? Welt, several weeks have rolled away since these occurrences, and how stand af fairs ? The Habeas Corpus Act lias been suspended for six months in Ireland, not 40 members, Iiish and English, voting against it in the lower House, though there were protraotcd debates, in which J ahn O'Connell and Grattan were the leading opponents ; while in the upper it was voted without one dissentient voice. A sort of modified ver sion of last years' Jewish Disabilities Bill bus been brought in and carried, rather by tuffrunce than otherwise through its first stage in the' Commons,' DTaraeli neither voting nor speaking, and now stands for second reading at the end of next month, being time to be rejeoted by the Lords. The same may be said of the Navigation Bill, carried by a majority 5G leu than that of last year, on the second reading, to be considered in committee next week, every body knowing it will uever receive tlte sunction of the Lords, and the Tories pretty sanguine that they will yet strangle it even befor it leaves the Commons. Cobdot/a motion for saving ten millions by falling back on the expenditure of 1835, and respecting which an immense agitation had been kept up all the recess, has come to nothing, there being far less than 100 members in sup|iort of it j while several motions for retrenchment, by Iluine on the Navy and army estimates, tnet with the same result. A great motion of DTsraeli's to take 6 millions off the landed interest by ohtainining takes to that amount from the Consolidated Fund, and making good the deficiency by tases on the community gene rally, was supported by some two hundred members (including pairs j but, though it proved abortive, it is likely to be revived in another mode, should the Tories (not the Peebles, mind) come in, which is thought not impossible before very long. Peel has no idea of office at present, but lie has broached a plan for the state buying up insolvent properties in Ireland, and selling them again, which hat given liirn great po pularity in that country, end is likely to five him mors, availing himself ol which, it is penaraily understood that he will come in within a year from this date. At the present moment ministers are immensely embarrassed respecting the Irish Poor Law, wiiich they are endeavouring lu bolster up by the attempted imposition of whut is called a rate in nid, of Gd in the pound on solvent unions for the support of insolvent ones — and this has produced a tumult in the north that it likely to scare the ex ecutive from enforcing the measure, sup posing it had become law, which is not yet the case, and while this is being written it is generally believed that it will be aban doned. Coloiial matters have excited a good deal of attention in the house, and ure ex- peeled to excite a good deal more. The chief topic hus been the conduct of Lord Torrington at Ceylon, upon which there is now a committee of enquiry sitting, the granting of which (it was wrung from Go- vernment, who feared a defeat or a divi sion) is equivalent to condemnation, and it is momentarily expected, as soon as the news reaches him that he will resign ; if, .indeed Lord Grey have not before this sent out a friendly hint to hiin, amounting to n recall, for Brouglmai hat literally threat ened impeachment. The subject of transportation lias been several times before tile house ; but is just in tho tame state of ambiguity and per plexity as before, but (he chances are that there will be something definitive deter mined upon by the dale of my uexl UeSptlcll- Mr ticoit, M.P., the agent for New South Wales, has had a motion on the books of the house for some weeks, the object of whicli is to prooure for the colonies, espe cially Australia, all tho advantages of self- government. He has not yet been able to bring it on, but next week is expected to j do so. It will be a most elaborate affair, will be seconded by Hume, _ supported by- Lord Mandeville and tho Tories, by Moles- worth and the Manchester Hadicals, and will be the " beginning of the end " of that tragic farce, tho regime of the ooloniul office which all parties, soareely excepting the Whigs themselves, unite in denouncing as the chief curse of both colonies and mother country. '$ome newspaper items may bo accept able after nll'tbis. You will perhaps have seen that the Morniny Chronicle anticipated the Timet in their notice of Guixot'i " Democracy,1' and that the Timet the day after, opened its review of the ex-French Premier's work, by something to the tune of the old proverb — " Great cry ond little wool, ob a certain unpronounceable gentleman said when he mistook a two-year old porker for n middle-aged merino-fleeced South down." And the Timet was right, though its motive wsi sinister: — the book is a perplexity. There is no knowing what the writer would be at; or if any body does know, it must be Gladstone, Peel's Colo nial ex-Secretnry, who can't iny yes or no without running down one column of Johnson's dictionary, and up another, so ai to bother you as effectual)- as if you had got into the middle of lisnipton Court Maze, after a very prolonged toasting of the memory of Cardinal Wolsev- _ He keeps refining and refining, and the reader does not, like Burke's auditors, keep thinking of dining, it is because the disquisition of the Gcneveste Metaphy sician takes away vour appetite and spoils your digestion. The fact is, Guizot would moke flesh and blnod stiictly amenable to mathematical axioms, and if lie had the management of interesting events in well- regulated families, no infant should come into the world under about five and folly years of age, unless females, who, we all nilUlll llCtCi CAUL'L'U IIIIIV HIIM inviHji though they should live as ninny centuries. Heart and feeling, and temperament, nnd enthusiasm, and ail that sort of thing, find no place in M. Guizot's test of human nction. Everything is tried by judgment ulono; nnd perversity of judgment, ac cording to his icy and immoveable stan dard, is the cause of all the troubles ot Frailer, past, present and to come. Nearly the whole of Guizot's book was crammed into the Chronicle — a circum stance which bespeaks a latitude of inter pretation of the Copyright Act, significant of the increasing iinscrupulousness uf the Young England coterie who manage that marvellous broadsheet just now —that is. unless we suppose, as was prolialily the case, til at such latitude was officially pri vileged for the longitude of the quotations. Be that as it may, the priority was a great thing for the Peelile organ, especially following a similar achievement in the instance of " Macauley's England.'' These are performances that testify to the pre sence on the establishment of tiie old manager of the Times — the elder Mr Dciane, father of the Timet' Editor, who so long contributed to the potentiality of the bolts of Jove of Printing House Square, and assumed a similir office on the Chro nicle, when it passed from the proprietor ship of Sir John Ensthope into the hands of tho zigzag or Peelite clique. Following up our remarks on newspaper matters, it nviv tint hp irriln\'nnt tn «tnfp ihnf nniilt> consequent on the Daily Newt movements, as to increased size nnd price, there has been a meeting of the managers of the Timet, and two other morning journals, the object of which was to determine on the expediency of limiting the space hitherto devoted to Parliamentary reports, with a view to curtail the expenditure arising from the maintenance of the pre sent heavy steuogrnphic corps on eacli of the three papers, and certain other ex penses peculiar to one of them. That one is the Timet; and the peculiar expenditure, you will prolialily he astonished to hear, is tiie supplement, filled with advertise ments, and therefoie uresumed to he a source of enormous gain. But the trutli is the sale of the Timet is bo large, and lie- coming daily so much more so, that the expense of the supplement swallows ( Continued in Supplement.) pNflUSH AND FOREIGN v NEWS. fCcnlinuidf'O'" our timer page.) rl» nil the profit accruing from it. np .'circulation 0/ 36,000 copies, tlie cost On " mi .|inip nlone for " ' , /iso r -"rple- jaeot " . half iticn n anlo the I - mil o# courts would only ho £7.1, and on r'V. '-.If tint til. and 10 on: so that it c"0"b'' how too fjreat a case becomes injurious; ' wort! less prosperous S«Hffeorop;P' "«nco. I it «ouMb8nHKL obvious J)PW great an slw, it ' frequency of eup1 I 0bi«' il 1 :®>rds, to dimmish I clemtn"' X lessening the I , i.nn«fiucccss of tlio Acies, mid the I "lC' Zl wo have the same premium as I result >« that (o l||C vcri)l)S0 bores of bt. I <ltl Ws to disport themselves ns tediously I Stephen a oI 8ccuro m t,ic con. I ,P01"., of finding themselves at most St«"l and Vicious lunsl113 ,n 1,10 I CfSrth0!'"0'"1''09 of, "if- reformalion I A .J elackocrncy of the House of I among the X„'t be!ieTe a word of it. I HereTs'proof positive of the fraud, delu- I and snsre the praters practised upon I 't.n ihcr rccenttly prattled of pinching I if piescUents. Hansard has just I ?. 'Is his uiual circular, calling upon all I luuea 01 :ne|ined to nay up their I ' for the next session ; blue I t£ vote papers, and proceedings, amount- I to £16 12s., and also calling for sub- I viLi to the publication so well known I toaster) as Howard's Debates. Speak- I „J cf recent years, the publisher says, I lirtnu character and importance attached I hv members of both houses to I ho I fullness and suthority of this semi-official I publication, an opimcn may bo formed from I ihe circumstance that more than six hun- I d d speeches were revised by the speakers I hi the years 1842, 3, 4, 8,0, and 7 ; and I the session of 1818, the number I niches to nearly 750." So that during the I hit senion, the most talkative ever known, I and ridiculous ever known, and ridiculous I because it was so, we find the tolkeri tliem- I hItm more assiduous than on any former I occasion whatever, endeavouring to per- I petuate their twaddle for the edification, or, I more likely, the consternation of posterity. I Wist hope is there for improvement in the I faca of this P But this is not nil. Imme- I diilely sfter so appalling a recapitulation of I ubblemania, tho advertiser triumphantly I blows bis horn to this noto Now, when I k is considered that few speeches but those I of Ungth are thus cored for, and that much I of the volumes isocoupicd by minor de- I isles, it will be evident that Hansard pre- I lints s mass of reports of the most vnlu- shlesnusuttienliccnarater. inns running I difluseness the criterion of excellence, and I snubbing a man who cannot roll out bis I flues ot four columns about nothing into. I the taciturnity of n scolloped oyster. I Touching llonsard, however, all theso I flourishes aro just so much shnm. There is I no merit or exclusiveness whatever in the I thing. There arc no reporters employed I for it, and lbs editorial stock-in-trndo con- I lists of a Brummagem Britnnuin metal I piste pot, a Sheffield scissors, nml a copy I of each of tlio morning papers. The speech I of eiery speaker is cut out of whichever I journal gives it longest, is sent to tho I author and devoted to the individual's I liking without tho remotest regard in I nineteen cases out of twenty, to svlmt has , I been actually said that is, as rcgnrds the I secondary anil tertiary talkers. The really I good speakers are, of courae, taken wilh I I tolerable accuracy, and there is little room . I for any great departure from tho newspaper I riporli, with many reasons ngninst such ; I departure. Where these parties linvo ' I neither the time nor inclination for such I tension, Hansard turns the third person ! into ttie tint, smplmeB titular abbreviations to tho utmost extreme of verbal plntitudc, I such as " my noble friend, tho noble lord, the membsr for the West Riding of York- I shire, the Right Honorable the Chief C'om- nuuoner of her Mnjesty'a Woods and Foreiti,'' and by this means makes threo or four sentences quite as formidable to look tin the " Quoique tandem nbutere" orn- lion of Cicero against Cntaline. As for the wnill fry I have alluded to, they in- "'tnnify theinielves remorielessly in Han- I Sforr imputation of their rhetoric I ,A,! , ,n4'" 1 nd, singular to relnto, I 1,5 "nfrcquenlly find that gentlemen I ! J ,ew 8,te nd John O'Connelt I ft. howero "inaudible in the gal- I iilr,, r, jf5'ou bo''evo tliem- I n»whU ? 1 7 lm'1 nny'hing to 1 HcenMn h' would give a straw for, I Of??' he cnd of '< and so get rid I ». re£-\ And this i, history-Si a- I ,J J ,t0ry „ I' 1 hBVe heard Troy I lrn:'llt.ofRnme-" Troy I "11 eiiitpi, , n'i " b'8b ''mo to doubt I 'le of Coml al1c yar(l, and of tho I HrSwa vLr'. - ? "self — to fancy that I «M& .nd',Sr ytl1' or a Will-o'- I '"taityn" I. .u?"1,6 SM|,lica nf ,ho I Braa, /ones an 11? 1 i""''5' f Smilh' I confronted' with ,h jL"0"U?,eBS we M Wer'MaiPfl ,» \ , &ceipts; for Inst I 110 possible lu'rmi r t,lat admit of I liil'y, rmi!e of their non- substan- I "'mT fheinH rePor''ng corps of its I V 1 ® reB80n fil'at it would I y. 'n'imn|n one. The thing ,vns not ot... 'eemUir , ,nt nnswer- public. Tl lr''>"'<i->l.hni n similnr I Sed Mr itairnu.' ,,>0U wi!' feu'vml.e.-; | CC. With f.r« I 00 uctor of tlio s!S>r,,er "ho woulV'i'lu!""11 a,a ,irst rate PH fr««r thiit. n mnn- Rt0Jia f"d Rood English a "l ho„coul<l apeak, and I But a'aa i he wo 1 '"'"RVpliy included ; I ""Vt Joad X'1 No".Mr B. whs I ft'atiicatedby d/-a,t n,1 '"'"F RS 1,10 I t Present lnillal. at that time I r'11 "«eSou. 'V0' s100'""11 il,.' 8 t)uiet rltbhor „,8 ?" ntd| 8nVo »s offerings with the sublimo magnanimity of a Strasburg goose who knows that its liver is expanding pre' pnrntory to making the most piquant of p»s. A good deal of surprise has been ocea- Mened by the recent appearance of HTsracli the " Curiosities of Literature," constantly announced, that vel'y few people suspected anything peoulinr in the three vol, edition lately advertised by Moxon, until the ' Times' introduced its old contributor, " Kunnymcde," as the writer of the most characteristic, and, therefore, 'most rcninrk- hble, jireface xvliich constitutes tho distinctivo feature of the present issue. HTsrnoli, Old HTsracli, and the Bevieiver, nil stnrt with 11 fling at the flimsy popularity monopolists of the present dny — tlio CWiW-mongcrs, and Cricticl tea kettle liumdrumerors, and other maudlin lyrists of the Cozy heroic, whom it is tlio cant of this pre-eminently cnnting epoch of ours to regnrd as tlio veriest men tal Titans that have appeared in these realms since tiic birth of Cnxtoii nt all events. But this species of satire, like all others he lins ever touched, wns exhausted a dozen years ago, just as the mischief was bursting into its rank development, by Moore in bis epistle to Hogers, in which lie so spnrkingly shows bow "nonsense littered in n hurry, becomes immotnl, spite of Mur ray" (the Quaitcrly ;) and how gonitis now always "jumps to future tenses, before the present even commences," &c.; The quota- tation from old DTsrncli, " they who draw their inspirations from the hour must not complain if with tlio hour they pass away." The confirmation of the truth by the younger D'lsraeli, and tho commentary by tllA (wn'tlfX nil Aim flirmifipnn f 1 V nf flm aam. humiliating fact, to winch it is unnecessary farther to allude bore. In a political point of view, however, the chief interest of this preface is the member forBuckinghamsliire's avowal, not in tho ideal guise of a Sidonia or n Tancrcd, but III bis own proper person, of bis Jewish blood anil prcdelictions — he, the gifted and only competent leader of the party who deny his race the common -privi- leges of British citizenship. Bightly, in deed, docs tho Times say that there is some thing chivalrous nnd heroic in the spirit of tenderness and affectionate regard evinced on all occasions by the author of " Coningsby" for tho people from whom ho sprung, and for the " ancient faith in which the Saviour of man himself was born." Do not deem il a profnno transition if wo pass from tlio topic to the picture of the Re deemer, by D'Orsay, now exhibiting nt Hogarth's, in the Hnymnrket, attracting a good deal of nUcntion from foreigners, and the few fashionable loungers who hover about the West End, nnd to whom the so cial rather more than ths nrtistio repute of the Count recommends all his perfor- mancesslrongly. The present production may be briefly described as a very clever drawing- room picture, displaying n mechanical mas tery of drawing, wonderful in an amateur, (this is particularly observable in tlio bands,) and an excellence of colouring above the Atmvnrrn fnr nf mil nvliilviiinn U'ViUjjV w».a vaiiiKiuuii jmtUWUJn. Its great fault is that it is too much in (lie " fancy portrait line," nnd partakes of those " Book ot Beauty" traits that might be ex pected from the studies and associations of tlio accomplished limner, whose, own por trait, bust, and statuette, ami that sort, are multiplying nil over the town. And that reminds us that the most curious thing connected with this snmo picture is the list of subscribers to the litho graph from it by Lane, the Royal Acade mician. Tlio first iinmo dojvn Corn proof impression is the Count's most pnrliciilar friend, the Princo President Louis Nnpoleon Ronnpnrtc; and the next is the beau's handsome relntive, the handsome Duo do Guichc. More singular still, perhaps, nil things considered, and especially seeing thot the Clinrining Apellies resides at Gore House, Kensington, is tlio circumstance that the Countess of Blessington is a sub scriber. Really tho Count deserves to be made paintor extraordinary to tho " family government." Vnrious others of his fashionable friends are also subscribers, all for singlo impressions, with the exception ot Aiuerman teapot' as Copelnnd, the , crockery-ware M.P. for the Potteries, is irreverently called by Whittle Harvey and tho City w its — lie takes threo copies, ' ar- ' tist's proofs," ns becomes a reully liberal mnn, and a not unworthy successor of Wedgwood. Talking of pictures, ond , whilo in the Hnymnrket, too, wo should not omit to mention that H. B. has just produced _ another "Parliamentary Souve- j nir," which ho has ominously marked , No. 2, ns if ho anticipated " subjects" for n whole pictorial mausoleum. The ' present is a compnnion to Bentinck, and is ' equally full of character and expression ; I while tho original— Charles Buffer — had a good deal more character to express, though | of a less marked kind,'' perhaps, than the Protectionist lender. The elegant member | for Liskeard is depicted as walking across j the House, hnt in hand, bis tall symmetrical figure, nnd thoughtful fnoe — fortokening, one is now prone to think, an early tomb — being sketcliod with that extraordinary fidelity and truthfulness which lends to the outlines of this unique artist a completeness the. most 'elaborated full lengtha of other professors' fail to impnrt, and which renders him as it were the Macauley of the fashion able pencil. In referenco to the Ex-Paymaster of tho Forces, it is worthy to record here that the third edition of his History of Englnnd is selling as rapidly as did the first anil second. Tho fifteenth thousand is nt this moment in the hnnds of Westley, the binder in the Strand; nnd most probably n fourth edition will be disposed of by the 3 1st March, which will give Messrs. Longman a tolerable rea son not to look particularly foolish on tlio 1st of April, 110 mutter what they inny have pnid_ for the copyright ; and this is snid, benring in mind tlio contradiction of n cock und buff story that bud been going the rounds here nlinut tlio £000 11 year for ten years, nnd all tlio rest of the clumsy fig ments IVom the same sourco ns to the remu neration of writers. Bookselling to this time is almost as fructifying as a gust of Californinn gold dust, especially if tho auriferous (flay linvc to be often moistened after the fashion of 1-1,000 dollars for two kegs of bad brandy, ns rccovdod in the. news brought by the Jiiuropa packet. Fourteen thousand dol lars ! — literally about a shilling a drop ; so that the process of- trying to manufacture a liond-nche would cost a mnn at least a quartor's salary of the Hereditary Grand Falooner. And touch ing tho allowances of our distressed func tionaries of tho latter olass, there really is a body of publio servants whoso privations 1 at this moment must be of a very alarming nature, yet nobody dreams of bestow! ng a tnouglit upon them, or only a thought to aggravate their Bufferings by an abbrevia tion of their stipend's. You nlny nt your end of tlio world have already read that a cook Ot St. I'litnciseo gets more wages than tho salary of tho American Governor of Cali fornia, and that the pay of a Field Officer in tlio El Dorado region would not suffice to procure the blncking of his rogimontnl hoots by any freo and independent nigger within a couple of hundred miles of him. Well, then, just fnncy the condition of James A. Forbes, Esq,, her Britannic Majesty's representative ns Vice-Consul at Cniifornin, at £200 n yenr— not enough to find him in tooth picks, supposing he could afford to buy anything to cnt, which, of course he cannot in such a ptace, and tho presumption is, that ho has long since rivalled the Dublin Jurymen, and dined off ilia own boots for the sake of his soul. Then there is a consul of St- Bias' a rela tion, too, of Winston Barron's tlio member for Wntorford ; he gets but £300 — nbout what a calculating tnilor would charge for repairing his consular breeches, if he were in a paiticnlar diplomatic hurry. The Consul nt Tnmpieo only gets £800 a yenr— one Mr. Glass — about sufficient for bnlf-n- dozen of champagne, that is by wholesale, for the retail price was £!) a bottle seven or eight months ago, and what it must be by this time it plays old Gooseberry with one to think of. Mackintosh the Consul nt Mexico, gets but £000 a year, which can keep him by na means waterproof against the torrents of high prices that now pour down from that quarter. So, in short, with nearly all the consuls within the influence of the gold lunacy, which is now making mad every mnn, wo- 1111 HtlU UllliU| tlUUI VAiVgUU W tCllU UCI Fuego including no doubt the heir- at-lnw of Robinson Crusoe, for there is not a Man Fridny in Juan Fernandez that would shake hands with Rothschild at the present mo ment, unless out of pity for the compara tively poverty-stricken Caucasian, who with his miserable four or five millions of ready money, (most of it in wretched Bank of Englnnd notes too), is not fit to be men tioned beside an individual within a month's sail of n plnco to whose charms the glowing language of Mr. Bolts can alone do justice, viz. : — "The world" 6nys Bolts —nnd, by the way, Bolts is a lawyer, who recently found it convenient to change Yankee land for Monterey—" tho world lins never seen anything liko it. Multiply Sin- bnd the Sailor by the Arabian flights, and add the product of Aladdin's Lamp, yet the result would not equal the placer." Well clone, Botts ! You deserve all the precious good things you may find, and we wish you may get them, minus the jaundice, whieh lias put the vcllow metal out of countenance in the eyes of so many of your countrymen already, nnd which promises to take the gilt of the brass off so many more, changing their then ingots into no goes, causing the possessors of bullion to account themselves calves, and the owners of the Golden Fleece to deem themselves sheep of their own shearing. Grey beaded person- U"U» unit iiiiiiiu luiiueitjr ua ouuu Hutu uucti suspected of the black art as of having any thing to do wit h printing on their own account, may now be seen rushing into Effingham Wilson's, in the Exchange, every hour in the dny, with the manuscripts of pamphlets in their hands, endeavouring to show tho " mnnncr in which property in Orent Britain, may be affected by n large influx of gold from California, niul sugges tions ns to the menus by which such effects may ho neutralised, nnd any material dis turbance in tile Currency prevented," This is the title of one of the best of some dozen productions to n similar effect. It is by an eminent London merchant, nnd is full of suggestive matter, remarkable, if for no other reason, than as indicating the fears of n large class, of whom tho author is one. After making what I10 considers enormous allowance for the exaggeration of all the estimates ns to tho probable influx of gold, lie says enough remnins for serious reflec tion, nnd the more so thot in tho change now contemplated, tho gain would bo exclu sively for debtors, comprising that largo body, the improvident nnd tho spendthrift, the loss being for creditors, composed, chiefly of the industrious, the deserving, and the helpless. If, ho says, wo take the fall in gold at one half, the properly of fund holders alone would he sacrificed to tho amount of nearly £400,000,000. Land owners who had granted lenses would be paid in sovereigns worth ten shillings, and proprietors of guaranteed railway stock, and annuitants of every description would find the'r in comes. diminished in liko proportion. A rise of 100 per cent, would take place in the gold price of commodities, while their silver price would remain unaltered. Tho Bank of Englnnd, besides losing million on its government stock, and an addi tional sum on its private seourities, would run the risk of a great part of its notes being returned, and its deposits with drawn by parties anxious to transfer their funds to other descriptions of pro perty less subject to fluctuation. Trndo would be thrown into utter confusion, and many in every class of life bo reduced to comparative poverty if not absolute ruin. The merchant says that he has supposed the fall in gold to bo sudden, but that its effects would not be greatly mitigated if it aero to be gradual during four or five years, and in that case there would be the further evil of every interest being kept unsettlotl in the interval. He adds, and this is an appre hension not quite so problematic perhaps as tho foregoing, that if accounts from America continuo unchanged, gold will begin to fall by anticipation (like any other article in the snmo nositiiinl before it actu- ally appears to any extent 011 the European market. Meanwhile the notion is here that our countrymen will not fail to profit legi timately by tlio gold of California to a greater extent indirectly than by its actual nnd palpable possession ntoncc. A greater temptation than ever presents itself for Australian anil New Zealand emigration, as wages in those regions will be enhanced by tlie departure of adventurous labour for the golden territories ; and nil these depen dencies of ours in the l'aeiiic will become larger consumers than ever nf the mother country's manufactures, sending 11s in re turn increased quantities of their own produce; while nt home, again, tlie cer tainty of liberal pecuniary accommodation for employers, and cheap bread for our artiznns, coupled witli diminished burdens of tlie State, promise us, from theso sources alone, a term of substantial prosperity which only tho most thoughtless speculation nnd tlie most wanton extravagance enn materi ally abridge. How far you agrco in those views, as affecting the antipodes, it is for you to say. 