Miscellanea. A NEW GHOST STORY I was one night sleeping at a friend's house. All the family had retired to rest, and I have no doubt that a perfect stillness prevailed around. Suddenly a noise, like thunder, startled me from my slumbers, and, as soon as I was able to collect my scattered thoughts, I distinctly heard a series of vic but blows against a door at the foot of the staircase leading up to my bedroom. Though the first impression might have been that the disturbance was caused by theives breaking into the house, it appeared improbable that such characters would make their approach with so much clamour. 1 instantly leaped out of bed, and arrived in time to see a sight which I shall never forget. The owner of the house, who slept on the ground-floor, equally astonished with myself at the noise, had also quitted his pillow, and arming himself with a sword and taper,' advanced towards the door, against which the monotonous thumping still continued at regular inter} vals. It now appeared that the cause of his alarm was on the inside and my host', who believed that a party of robbers had introduced themselves into his premises, hailed them in a loud voice, promising that if they did not cease their hammering and surrender, he would put them every one to death. So far from attending to his suggestion, the thumps increased in rapidity and violence, and he had scarcely time to put himself in a defensive position when the door burst open, and out rushed , his assailants ; a multitude of round figures of all sizes, without heads, legs, or arms. His first thought was, that the surprise tural existences of New South Wales had now for the first time revealed themselves to his eyes. Here was material for a fairy tale. The genes of this country, in which everything runs into legs, were then, it appeared all body. Such were the fancies that flashed through his mind, as he made a desperate plunge at the advanc- ing too, one of whom he transfixed from breast to back, whilst the rest in an in- stant OA er threw and trampled him under foot, if I may use the expression. And now arose a wild scream of laughter from myself and the others who had so witnessed this mortal combat for the disturbers of our nights repose were no other than a number of huge pumpkins which had been placed in a heap upon a press on the landing, and from having been perhaps carelessly piled, had given way and rolled one by one down stairs, accumulating at the bottom against the door, until by their weight they forced it open.- Captain Stokes's Discoveries in Australia. A DEAL? JUROR. During one of the law cases tried at Bridgewater recently, the crier informed Mr. Baron Hay that one of the jurymen in waiting wished to be excused on the plea of deafness. His Lord- ship ordered the deaf gentleman to stand up, which he did, with his left hand up to his ear. His Lordship who was sitting at some distance from him, inquired, in a voice much below his usual tone, " how long have you been deaf, Sir ?" The juror promptly answered, " two months." " How did it come our' asked his Lordship, dropping his voice to a still lower key. "Through a cold Sir," again promptly. replied the july man. "Are you not better of your deafness r" said the judge, letting fall his voice to almost a whisper. No Sir," said the deaf gentleman. " Well," said, his Lordship, "I think you'll do. This was the only remark of his Lordship's that the juror did not hear distinctly. The Court was convulsed with laughter as the juror took his seat. SECORD SHYLOCK -A lively country girl had a bashful lover whose name was Locke. She got out of patience with him at last, and in her anger declared that Shakspeare had not said half so many things as he ought about " Shy Locke." "Always to think the worst," says Lord Bolingbroke, meaning always to impute the worst intentions, " I have over found to be the mark of a mean spirit and a base soul." The following lines, said to be prophetic, have been current for many years in Ger- many :-" I would not be a king in 1848 ; I would not be a soldier in 1849 ; I would not be a grave-digger in 1850. But I would be whatever you please in 1851." " I can't stand this," exclaimed a good house wife to a Connecticut pedlar ; " I don't find a word of fault with your sassafras nutmegs, 'causelknow'dyoncould'nt afford real guns so cheap, and there was spicy taste to 'em, but the last you sold me was made out of white oak. I declare that's a leetle too bad !" Why is the letter K like a pig's tail ? -Because it's the end of pork. Why is the final letter of Europe particularly appropriate since the revolution in France Because it's an Earache. Why have the exertions of Ernest Jones as a Chartist leader been unavailing? Because they have proved ive gatory (nugatory). "Aow if your wife to day," said a friend to a French gentleman OF ! mache de sem," said he: she is no better, and I am 'afraid very' little way as. If she is von to die : I wish she would do it soon r I feel so unhappiest mind is so much unsettled. Ven she die, I shall not be so much dissatisfied. A dabbler in literature and in fine arts who prided himself on his knowledge and proper use of the English language, came upon a youngster sitting on the bank of a mill pond, angling for sioners, and thus addressed him :-"Adolsens, art thou not endeavouring to entice the funny race to engulph into their denticulated mouths a barbed book, upon whose point is affixed a dainty allurement ?" " Ko,'' said the boy, "relishing A GOOD SHOT. Lord Stowell, who never was a sportsman, being asked what his brother, Lord Eldon, usually killed when he was at Encombe, answered, "Nothing but time." QUIETKEST.-The more quietly and peaceably we get on, the better-the better for ourselves, the better for our neighbours. In nine cases out of ten, the wisest course is, if a man cheat you, to quit dealing with him if he be abusive, quit his company; if he slander you, take care to live so that nobody will believe him. LET WELL ALONE. HOW much real comfort every one might enjoy, if he would be contented with the lot in which heaven has cast him, and how much trouble would be avoided if people would only "let well alone." A moderate i independence, quietly and honestly procured, is certainly every way preferable even to immense possessions achieved by the wear and tear of mind and body so necessary to procure them. Yet there are very few individuals let them be ever so well in the world, who are not always straining every nerve to do better, and this is one of the many causes why failures in business so frequently occur amongst us. The present generation seem unwilling to realise by blow and sure degrees, but choose rather to set their whole hopes upon a single cast, which either makes or mars them for ever. "Why is a man looking for the philosopher's stone like Neptune Because he is a sea king (seeking) a hat never Avas. An odd friend has been studying languages for some years, with a view of being ultimately enabled to translate a Bishop. 