THE IRISH INSURRECTION. The folllowirig letter appenrs in Hie last number of the New York Nation ; "TO Tim I-T.W MKN I.ttl-'T IX lltf.t.ANI). "Nation Office, New York, December 20th, 1819. "My Friends, — For two weeks past I Have -lieen rending lite newspapers at pre sent. qtublished in Ireland and England — 'not.l assure you, with satisfaction, nor any great good-will towards their editors. " I find them chiefly occupied ill tho revival of the Nation, and a ietler I fell it my duly to write to tho Philadelphia Spirit oi' the Times, in October last, which letter they have copied in the New York Herald, w ith ninny strange and cow ardly comments. The Dublin Mail attributes it to Lord Clarendon; the Post lo the Freeman's Journal : the Freeman is dumb as death upon it; tne tvoxmrd independent denies, 'on authority,' Hint I ever wrote it ; Lime rick Reporter gives ' live reasons' why I could not have written it; Douglas Jerrohl's paper sneers at it; Punch curicntures it ; tho Tablet calls it, ' a celebrated lettei ;' and, for ought I know all the papers I have not teen nro equally occupied with its contents. " Ono like mo, whose actions anil place are public, cannot afford to let snme oftlie.se criticisms go unanswered. I tak0 t|le charges against my course to he substan tially these "I utn accused of exonerating tho Catholic clergy of any share in (lie hitu movement. I do not exonerate litem from everything but its failure. I repeut hero, distinctly, my conviction that they mode 'tho move ment fail Ity preaching tlmt it would fail,' May God nnd their country forgive litem for the course they took in this hist terrible trial of n luu pliable people ! "I am censured for saying this, nnd in that : censure lite Repealer nnd thu Tory unite! The Tory blames me for exculpat ing them from what be calls ' treason' (tlmt is, in plain Irish, from patriotism) ; and the Kepenler, for presenting to canvass the non- conduct of so august a body of men. Miser able Repealer! infatuated Tort ! Neither liberty, nor peace, nor prosperity can ever enter Hie land where such bigotry, nnd servility, nod men like you are found. " I am accused of ' tightening the ropo round tlio necks of my friends.' This is ooi irue. Ittero is notttttig in my letter which the government did not know. Is it, indeed, pretended tlmt there wns no in tention of rebellion ? Base, cowardly equivoeators, do you mean to any thnt ? Do you dare to assert that forty years of insult and robbery, nnd three years of famine and extermination, and Mitchell's massacre, nnd the gagging of the press, and tho suppression of thu right of meeting, nnd the arrest of so many virtuous men, made no rebels in Ireland? Who are you that dare to stigmatize the Irish nation as to proclaim thnt, robbed, it will not defend itself ? — spat on, it will not resent it ? — trodden on like a worm, it will not turn on the iroof that crushes it ? Is it you or me, that ' tighten the rope?' You, who dis claim your manhood, or I, who would save it in its fall, und put together its frag ments? "No. IfTltomns Francis Meagher nnd riiinrloa firit'fiM 1 luffs ti'oo/, M.IIO instead of being where they are, Smith O'Brien and nil the rest would he safe enough ! Than It God! wo have hero some timbers of the wreck ; if we had a few more .we might reconstruct otj these shores, n movement more fatal to British oppression thnn uny that can lie erected in Ireland. No ! my I'hilutleiphin letter, instead nf doing tliein burin, dure ullirtn, is one rea son why they have not been denit with more summarily, If they had nil thu active Confederates in one convict ship, it would be good policy to weigh anchor and sail for Sydney ; hut the escape of one half has been (lie protection of the oilier. The re appearance of tho Nation nt New York, three months after it wus suppressed iu Dublin, has done no harm ; it lias idartled the villains in power of that island, like tho ghost of their victim. Th«v „ tts stvlo, and It, typogr»pVy small matters — ' it 7. T/'' sr0 quickeneth.' For their infl SP lt 'hat loll them that its emulation"1 is e.c,n great as that of the journal tl nearl» famously suppressed, Ld thev k? ln' thnt one enemy in America iJ L eH "hie to their LSmew ?„ ftTj than ten in Ireland AVn l, D11"11'9 end of tho lever here h,ve the Si time'/" Ijisten .Wr'' « letter at Juch a " Wlt'n \ "frived in lite United Stat, t saw every Irishman's head 1, n jne t„ wttli shame, a sneer on everv qlv .8..n CM co,'tempt ill every Rem'thilL? "uevenainon Was cnllct S .. gammon ; it was the nroncr «r„ every other humbug. I Lnti thaTm0 highest positions had been inffiS !" place themselves in the mil, it. , . ' ,0 Insh sympathisers : jiidg Js 'enn ore' 7 f chants, jnurnnlists, oierevmrm t,;.t ' mer' delates for the Presidency-Mi drawn out' on the side of Irelnrtd-all h 3 arrayed themselves against ,t,T" , b'"1 hnd' 5"rr.csl,nJ",cnt of this unfor-En"; and. As their hopes had been I, id, their words sanguine, so their vexstion Zl disgust were intense. Mnnv of il«,m / friends Dti Soilo, Fisk, Dunn- ami at I in Philadelphia) declared that I owe" to these gentlemen, to tho New York I), rectory, to tho Irish character itself , written state.., cut of the cause, (if fatlure ' I wrote tins letter; it wa, printed in cv newspaper 111 the union, and the Irish j,am wax I saved from utter scorn, and restored h some degree of American sympnlhy, 1 wanted to show that the people in Ireland were not utterly degenerate. Now here was only one way to save them, end that was to take the grounds that a strnnc mittse influence was employed to hold them p 'K. 1 ,,ook "1,,lt Rretind ; I 5njd Catholic clergy have caused the 'nan- commencement of the I.ish revolutum ,' ami I defy any man to deny tite truth of | tins. I have in my possession data enough to put it beyond nil question. Inil I would rather not publish it. n j, object nor my wish to make a cose against I thu clergy. I have made a cttse lor lrc land, and lorn satisfied. I stand by mv wot k without regret er shame. ' I "Ilte Dutilin l'aekel t.cctises me nf de. I sertmg the Irish policy of ) ,vj, nnd Duff, , I I no not. 1 heir means were educations!— I solvere mine. 1 heir policy wns eonsuuc- I live— so is mine. They served all Ireland ; I I enlarge the Hold of labour, and serve ihe I Irish rnce, wliethur in the island of Ireland, I or ovit of it— of whntcver creed, or grade I or calling they may hp. I 11 One feature, indeed, I have added- I that is, the American. Years ago. in the I Uoston paper I then wrote for, I declared I the hope of Ireland to he the growth of I America. I showed that the map of this I country was destined to embrace all the I northern continent, nnd that the Republic I would ' put its arm round the Isthmus' I before iiiniiy years. O'Connell made a dr. H einrnuoii ol mine, Hint the A'.'anlic would become lite battlefield of opposing polities, I a cltitise in liis indictmcut of the old Ni-' tion. 1 wo vents ago I poin'ed out in ths I same journal that Ireland tvai the best com. I mercial depot fnr America on that coast of H the Atlantic, and 1 never lost an opportu- fl nity of explaining American eltarncler; aid H urging n cordial undrMandh'g wi'h lii't H great Republic. The address to Mr Daily H — tlie only national tu-knowU-dgmetit (d Amoricnn aid in the famine years— and tite Dublin address to Cqituiit Forbes wtrs H both my work, if that course of policy H makes me a 'Red Republican,' I am as red ns rpd-hot iron, nnd ns ill likely to cool. With this addition, the policy of this Xa/ion is precisely tbe suite as that famom journal whose name it litis assumed. " So fur, friends in Ireland,! lore fe It hound to you, myself, and lite truth, to « plain, I will go no fin titer at preitr.t. Hut 1 propose to nddrcss you a public tor through litis paper, by evrry mail that leaves these shores fur; ours ; and i will endeavour, in thnt scries, lo tell you some- thing of what a Kcpuhlio is, what it is worth, how it can he come by, lite doliei of citizens, and other information neceoaj for you lo know, whether you are nitre in Ireland or emigrate here. ' Meanwhile, I have the honour to be, your sincere friend, "T.D. M'GEK." H 