ENGLAND AND ROME IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. "Punch" has lately been very mischievous as well as amusing in our little community; and now, it seems, the rival prelates are likely to create a diver sion, the beating of *' the drum ecclesiastic" at West terrace having elicited a martial response from the Cathedral Church of South Australian Protestantism. On " the Feast of St. John the Baptist" the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide thought proper to address the following Circular " To the Clergy, Secular and Regular,and all the Faithful," making" a charitable appeal" on behalf of Pope Pius the Ninth, and directing collections to be made at all the masses on two successive Sundays :— Francis, by the Grace of God, and favour of the Apostolic See, Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, and Vicar-Apostolic of the Province of South Australia. To the Clergy, Secular and Regular, and to all the Faithful, health and benediction, in the Lord.— Dearly beloved Brethren and Children in Jesus Christ— Whilst our venerable and illustrious Chief Pontiff, after the example of his Divine Master, is now drinking with holy resignation the bitter chalice of sufferings and affliction— whilst in voluntary exile he is now mourning over the calamities and misfortunes entailed upon the Church and his Pontificate, by a few degenerate, ungrateful, and Infidel subjects—whilst he is struggling against poverty and pe cuniary difficulties—and whilst the voice of every Catholic Bishop is heard throughout Europe and America imploring their respective flocks not to desert their Chief Pastor in this hoar of his need and trial—shall we, brethren, who a little time ago have had the unspeakable happiness and conso lation to kneel at his venerable feet, and to receive from him, for you and your children, his choicest benedictions; shall we look on with coldness and indifference at the suf ferings of the Sovereign Pontiff, and bear no part in alleviating the heavy weight of misfortunes with which it has pleased an inscrutable Providence to afflict hirti ? Forbid it duty, forbid it piety and charity, forbid it the position which we hold in the Church of God ! We, therefore, after the example of all the Catholic Pre lates of Europe and America, do now make a charitable appeal to our beloved flock, and fervently solicit them to contribute generously—each according to his ability—to remove those pecuniary embarrassuieuts with which his Holiness is surrounded, to enable him to act with inde pendence, and to meet those manifold pressing expenses which he is compelled to incur whilst carrying on the Government of the Universal Church. Although our flock is comparatively small, and our pecu niary means limited—although we have it not in our power to realize for the necessities of our Spititual Father a sum commensurate with our affectionate wishes—still we may confidently hope that the little which we give will be most gratefully received; and, amidst the many streams of filial benevolence which are now flowing in upon the Chair of Peter from every quarter of the Christian world, we may rest assured that our humble rimlet of affection and love, the first- fruits of a new episcopate and a new vineyard, will not be least acceptable or consoling to his paternal bosom, traversing, as it must do, a distance of fourteen thousand miles, and deriving its source from the hearts of spiritual children the most distant, perhaps, of any in the world from the Holv and Apostolic See. I We therefore direct that a collection be made in this cha pel, at ail the masses on next Sunday and the Sunday fol lowing; and that the proceeds of the collection, accompa nied with an affectionate address, signed by the Bishop and clergy on behalf of themselves and the faithful, be trans mitted without delay to Pius IX, our venerable and illustri ous Supreme Pontiff. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost, be with I you all. Amen. (Signed) f- Francis, i Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, and Vicar Apostolic of South Australia. Given at Adelaide, on the Feast J of Saint John the Baptist, } June 24th, 1849. / Now, we see nothing in this document to call forth asperities from any other denomination of Christians ; bnt our Protestant Bishop, touched, it would appear with the spirit of diocesan rivalry, forthwith prepared a formal Protest against the assumed universality of the Roman diocese, which, being signed by bis clergy, was read from the chancel of Trinity Church last Sabbath." Here it is:— Augustus, by Divine permission, Bishop of Adelaide, and, pursuant to the letters pstent of her Gracious Ma jesty Queen Victoria, bearing date at Westminster June 25th, 184?, Ordinary Pastor of the Diocese of Adelaide—To ths Ciergv and all the Faithful in this Diocese, grace and peace be multiplied. Dearly beloved Brethren— Whereas it hath been brought to our nolire that alms have been solicited for the purpose of supporting the Bishop of Rome in his pretended claim to carry on the government of the Universal Chinch, such claim being contrary to the Word of God, the primitive order of the Catholic Church, and the law if England, affirming the Qteen's Majesty (o he, under God. within her dominions, supreme in all causes and over ail persons, ecclesiastical or civil; and whereas such claim, and all juiisdiction, superiority, or pre-eminence emanating therefrom, under any such style or title of Ca tholic Bishop o; Adelaide, has, by solemn protest, bearing date March 25, 1843, been dissented from and contradicted by the Right Reverend William Grant, Bishop of Adelaide, our predecessor, now Metropolitan of Australasia, Tas mania, and New Zealand : We, feeling in duty bound to maintain the lawful supremacy of our Lady tbe Queen, the canonical order of tbe Cathoiic Church, publicly wounded at this time by the pretended universal jurisdiction o( the See of Rome, tbe rights of it by law established in England and Ireland, as .veil as those of ourselves and successors. Bishops of Adelaide, do heteby publicly protest against any and every act of episcopal authority done, or to be done, at any time by any person whatever, by virtue of any right or title derived from tbe assumed c'aim of the said Bishop ol Rome to ecclesiastical sovereignty. Fare ye well. Aogustcs, by Divine permission, and favour of our Sovereign Lady the Queen, Lord Bhbnp of Adelaide. Given at Adelaide, Tuesday, the 3rd day of July, 2849. We, the undersigned Presbyters, duly licensed, within the Diocese and jurisdiction of the See of Ade'aide, having been summoned by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide to advise with liim concerning tbe matter refeired to in the above protest, and having maturely considered tbe same in Chapter assembled, do heartily concur in the said protest, and re commend its being publicly read in the Cathedral Church, on Sunday, July 8th, at morning prayer, after the Nicene creed. James Fa&rell;, Dean of Adelaide. Matthew B Hale. Archdeacon of Adelaide. W. J. Woodcock, Canon. T. P. Wilson, Canon. „ I, William Bartiey, of Adelaide, in the province of South Australia, Notary Public, and Registrar of the Diocese, duly authorised and appointed, do hereby certify and attest that the foregoing protest was duly made, signed, and sealed by the Right Reverend Augustus, by Divine permission. Bishop of Adelaide, in my presence, on the 3rd "day of July, IS49, and to testify to the due execution thereof, 1 have granted these presents under my notarial form and seal of office. Done and passed io Adelaide, aforesaid, this 4lh day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and forty-nine. Wm. Bautlev, Notary Public, Adelaide. We confess we do not see the necessity of this Protest. Such official bravadoes are become empty words, like the Pope's own Bulls and Manifestoes, once so powerful, and now utterly inefficacious, even in his own dominions. Everybody knows that the Church of England repudiates the assumed supre macy of the Roman See; but everybody knows that our Sovereign *' Lady the Queen," whether con-1 sistently with her " lawful supremacy" or contrary to it, has been advised, in late years, to sanction the ecclesiastical titles conferred by the Pope upon Romish prelates in all parts of the British dominions. The British Government having approved the official character of the Romish prelates, it is too late for their protesting episcopalian brethren to seek to undo, by powerless protests, thehierarchy by law established. We mast accept the Romish hierarchy, as we do the Protestant, for as much as it is worth in these revo lutionary times. To us it appeared that the Roman Catholic Bishop's Address was drawn up with a deference to the feelings ot Protestants highly complimentary to the South Australian population. We have read many contemporaneous Appeals in the recent Eng lish papers, loaded with the most revolting, and, to our view, almost blasphemous ascriptions of Divine titles and Scriptural language and allusions to the Pope. But in Bishop Murphy's pacific Address we find not a syllable of this kind. It is a " chari table appeal," and nothing more, to his own flock for " the little which will be most gratefully re ceived," that is, by the Pope, who begins to under stand his true position, and to change his language most edifyingly towards " the faithful" with the change of times. His Holiness was not wont to use words supplicatory, enough to make even Pro testants pity his sad case, and contribute towards his personal wants, if they did not know that his real object is to regain the temporal possession of Rome, with the Pap-il States, and destroy that na tionality and liberty after which the Italians are yearning. Contemporaneously with these ap peals to the charity of " the faithful," the Pope is calling upon tbe Papal nations of Europe to " let slip the dogs of war" and shed torrents of blood on his behalf. He may succeed in this direful project v but the money contributed by " the faithful/ and the old names of old things put forth on paper, will not go far to help him in his extre mity. He requires a hundred millions sterling at a time when, through the great poverty and luke warmnes9 of his adherents, a hundred thousand will not be forthcoming. We very much question if the publishing and reading from the altar of Bishop Murphy's mild and Protestant like Appeal would squeeze one hundred pounds out of the hard earnings of the South Australian Romanists, pro vided no other but this purely voluntary and open means were adopted by the priests. The Pro testants, in any case, have not much to fear on this score; and the little they have to fear will not be removed by fulminating official protests against official appeals. It is one arrowless feather thrown against another, which may indicate, as well as any other light and worthless thing, the current of the wind, but can serve for no real and valid purpose, if, indeed, it do not needlessly set the members of our new episcopate at variance with those of another. 