ELOPEMENT EXTRAORDINARY AT DARTMOUTH. Whilst the peaceful inhabitants of this town were enjoying their quiet slumbers, after the toil of the market day, on Friday week, an affair iv.is being perpetrated which, so far as the heroine is concerned, bids defiance for a parallel for daring intrepidity in all the excursions ever attempted towards the shrine of the famed blacksmith of the north. The parties concerned are the daughter and only child of Mr. j Haynes, retired Excise officer, and Mr. j Cunningham, of the firm of Messrs. j Gater and Co., Staffordshire, who fre- I quents this and the neighbouring towns, on the market days. It appears from ou' informant that the terms of inti macy had so far advanced that the lover had been " admitted to the house," add everything apparently prospered, and all parlies were pleased. Unfortunately, however, the father of the young lady, it is said, overheard an unpleasant conversation between Mr. Cunningham and the principal of the firm in which the latter did not much eulogise the sobriety of Mr. Cunningham, or care to be par ticular in the selection of his epithets towards him. Perhaps a little retali ation ensued ; however this may he. or whatever cause they have inter vened, the young gentleman was for bidden access to the house, and the betrothed carefully put un der the protection of the " b'ack- smith's daughter;" and rapid preparations made for a speedy departure to a distant place of resi dence. The young lady was reasoned with, but the more this was done the mor-i unreasonable she became, and by s me means obtained communication with the swain, who, on his part, was equally loath to part with his " ladie love." It was, therefore, planned that on the next market day, or rather at one o'clock on the following morning, he should provide himself with the ne cessary means of escape, which should be effected frotn the window of the young lady's bed-room, which hap pened to face the public-street. The day arrived, but the intervening time had s 'emcd to the fair expectant ten times its proper length, and when the night arrived, sleep orsook her pillow, her patience became exhausted, she could wait no longer, and some hours before the appointed time she had her self escaped from the window (which happened to be a corner one) without assist mce, io the parapet of the houses and thus she actually passed over the roofs of four adjoining houses (throw ing her bundle into the street as she went on) and gained access to a win dow which happened to be a-cidentally open, passed through the neighbour's door unheard, an 1 hastened to the arms of her behold! her lover was not there, and what was to be done? She was certainly before her time, for ihe town clock had just hammered twelve, tho hour "f ghosts and hobgobblins, and she there alone, an unprotected fe male, fled from the indulgent care of fond parents But there was no time to he lost, every minute was an hour, and the resolution was soon come to, to hasten to the hotel where her lover usually put up, and where, indeed, he was safely enshrouded between the blankets, soundly asleep (forbid it, unless he was dreaming of his love! aod having at length succeeded in arousing the door-keeper from his first nap (and the lover too from Ids) they jugged along asfast aa thev could to the >" ever faithful'' Eon, ana were made mail a tl wife in proper manner, to j their proper satisfaction, and, it is to , he hoped, to their everlastinc tiood. — \ Western Luminary. 