THE DRAMA. To the Editors oj Belt's Life in Sydney. Gentlemen,- Permit me to pursue, concisely 'the tenor of those remarks you kindly inserted in last week's Issue upon that interesting- theme, " the Colonial Drama," Balfe's beautiful opera, " The Bohemian Girl," was performed on Thurs- day evening week, and never with greater eclat, to a respectable and well-filled Boxes and Pit sides, where refinement very frequently discerns and appreciates-verifying my observation that this kind of entertainment is most attractive, tho' not perhaps in effect so gratifying to the pro- prietary as the offerings of Plutus from the " Gods" and the regions below. Now to the point. . While delicious sounds are floating thro' the air, wafting the feelings heavenward, it is painful that the illusion should be dispelled by a matter-of-fact (whatshall I say) blun-no, inju- dicious arrangeaient, palpable to a child's capa- city. In the first act the heroine appears in the tender years of infancy and the full bloom of womanhood at one and the same time (strange inconsistency !) The appearance of" La Prima Donna" (whose person is so familiar, nnd the >ilfër tones of whose voice are so indelibly im ipireased on most of the audience) prominently in the"first act from the rise of the curtain till its fall, mars the great interest and warm reception which would be felt and exhibited, when first seen in the full blaze of her attractions as " Arline," in the 2nd act, «hen, after a lapse of 12 years, she has arrived from childhood to lovely matu- rity. It may be argued that the assistance of her rich voice could not be dispensed with in the pre- ceding scenes, but that would be quite as distin- guishable and effective at (in stage parlance) " the wings." Between the first and second acts many, years, expire,, and yet with some of the characters Cmirabile dicta J time appears to have stood still. With the mass (mere winnows in the stream) this is not of great consequence, but with the chief personages, of thc utmost im- portance to the spectators. Care and age seem to have done their usu il work on the Count ; his hair has turned grey, but the charming Floret tien seems to have quaffed the " elixir of life." Time has certainly for years past laid his hand gently on Mrs. X. ; still the interval in the opera was long enough to have produced on the youth's downy cheek a most killing pair of whis- kers, whilo a delicate moustacho should have graced the 'sweet short upper lip,' and an impe- rial the " dimpled chin." With a slight excep- tion the scenery was very effective, but (oh ! that there should be a but) at the opening of the second act, a gipsey's tent appears. Where P In the open street of a populous town !-stone and other buildings on each side. The back- ground was extremely good, forest with town ad- jacent. In the forest the tent should have been, which could have been easily effected by proper " wings." On Saturday evening was presented the " Ocean of Life," and the musical farce of " The Waterman." In the first piece the chief cha- racters were admirably sustained by Mrs. Guerin and Mr. Nesbitt. In the after piece Mr. and Mrs. Bundle (Mrs. Gibbs and Mr. Rogers) and Robin (Mr. F. Howson) were quite " at home," and kept the house in constant cachinnation. Mrs. Guerin as Wilhelmina," arch, eaay, «nd graceful, sung with great sweetness and nnive:e that favourite ballad (one of the happiest flights of genius of our talented composer Nathan), " Why are you wandering here, I pray." It was deservedly encored. Mr. J. Howson, as "Tom Tug," looked the beau Ideal of a trim jolly young waterman. As to the music, Dibdin's style ls not Mr. H.'s forte, and he loses caste when he lends lils splendid powers to vociferate " The Bay of Biscay," which should be roared note for note, and without any embellishment, as it has rung before he was born, thro' the wooden walls of old England. On Monday evening was presented a new Drama entitled, " The Heiress of Bruges," I cannot descrío» the plot, being present but a short time, during which Mr. Nesbitt as Gaspar al- most excelled himself. The character vies in ex- cellence with his Othello. " The blue cloak" was in great demand, and dignified by the ap- pellation of " a fur doablet." Mr. Hambleton figured as a wild Irishman (burlesqued) from Tipperary, disguised, however, as a " Lieute- nant Cornelius O'Callaghan," of the " Black Walloons," or more properly speaking. In hit ease, the crack Buffoons. As in Napoleon's army, the Lieutenant's must have beep a rank promotion, or he never could have been second in command to his gentlemanly chief-alas poor Power 1 Memory will revert to the Pretident (precedent). In all hit Irish characters there was a daab of the gentleman, which spared the ? infliction of the gross vulgarity that stems td be the essential type of a stage Irishman IN THIS COLONT. Mr, Spencer " split the ears of the groundlings'! with his usual sonorous straining after effect. Ia the after-piece on Tuesday evening Mr. Hambleton atoned considerably forjprior delin- quencies aa Uncle Totterton, In "Hove laughs at locksmiths." The very old man (though a little overdono) was really well played. Ham- let's advice to the players would be an excellent study for him. Signor Carandinl and the grace- ful Griffiths continue to delight by their agile movements. Nature haa rendered Miss Hart a valuable addition to the fair group that beautify the hall and banquet scenes. As a danseuse (certainly tho style best suited to her capabilities, and In which her debut would have been more gratifying) she Improves. " A few words ou Bellini's opera " Li Sonnam bula," performed on Thursday evening to a well filled and respectable houso. Stern justice com- pels me to say, " its star was not In the ascend- ant." It lins been played better. The overture (hear this, ye Gods I) was dispensed with ! by (I presume) " particular desire." In the cham- ber scene, finale of first act, the beautiful recita tivèféWecn Count Rodolph anti Armina, "- GootI Heaven»"-the chorus, .. See When wo have told him not an angry word he'll sat," &c;, Ssc, .were left out, but not on this night only. Again, in the last scene of the third act, the duet be- tween Elvino and the Count ('* Sh» entered in her sleep,") was " no where." The_ horn ac- companiment was wanting to °* As 1 view4kose scenes so charming." In the ghost scene Ar- mina should have led, the rest crowding round her. So should it have been in " Dearest Com- panions"-but alas ! Armina was deserted. I could extend my remarks hereon, but fear of trespassing on too much space obliges me to be briof. Yet, ere I conclude, there was a redeeming feature in the opera which smoothes all asperities. The quartette in the last scene was deliciously refreshing to those having souls for music. I must add, that the part of Liza (owing to the much to be regretted indisposition of Stadame Carandini) was taken by Mrs. Ximenes for (I believe) the first time, and though apparently nervous at the undertaking, that lady acquitted herself very creditably. The Boxes presented an unusually dazzling appearance, the battery of bright eyea greatly strengthened, and there " She stood among the glittering throng," the brid* in her beauly (how soon !) shedding lustre over the animated scene. Venl, vidi, and WAS conquered. Gentlemen, Ymir nhlitrpfl DRfVMATICUS [Tlie above carne too late for publication in our last.-Eos ] 