OUR MAGAZINE. Pbriodicsl literature has hitherto been, for reason! which it is scarcely necessary to explain, neglected in Australia ; many attempts, we admit, have beeu made to publish periodicals of the magaaine charac- ter, but they hare invariably proved failures and after a brief career they bare given up the ghost, and ere now scarcely remembered We can account for this by two reasons good and sufficient ; we want e reeding public, and we want a sufficient corps of literary men to support such undertak ings ; the Utter might be procured, but we shall never obtain a raffirient supply until there exist a market. The magazines In tbe old oountry, thai have obtained tbe greatest popularity, have been the "Old Loudon,' " Blackwood," "Tail," and "Fraxer." The first oa our List hoe sled a galaxy of talent, which has never perhaps been equalled, having at one period bad contri butions from Carlyle, Lamb, Coldridge, Haxlit, De Quincy, Carey, and other men eminent in the world of letters. Those jiames were potent enough to glveb luktre to any periodical, and although it h been long extinct, the " Old London/' must be long remembered by literary men as tho medium through which Cariyle's essays, the "Opium Eater," » the'eaaxys of Elis," and other classical productions were first given to the public. Blackwood is, perhaps, on tbe whole, the ablest and best of the mi- gavine tribe; but it is now almost eclipsed by Tail, under the management of De Quincy and Mrs. Johnston. In the great metropolis, Fraxer is the only standard, and when .Dr- Magin and Father Tom Maguire ; Edward IrTine, and Barry Cornwall were contribut ing to its pages, it was ono of the best or oar publications. It has, however, gone through too many changes sine© Mr. Finer died and is now in the hands of Mr. Parker, tho Oxford Printer, (edited by Mr. Gteig) and is completely in the interest of a cliqoe. The M Dublin University" has ocasi- onaVy contained ' soma article but it had a singular svstem of per mitting authors to review their own works, we suppose for cheapness ; we know this to be a fact, at least we know instances where thev have been requested to do 60— a re quest by the way which many would hardly refuse. The remuneration in England paid to contributors is not so high es might have been nxpecled. The very highosL the late Mr. Blackwood paid was sixteen guineas a sheet of sixteen pages, and now unless for very good articles, that house pays much lees. In the other first-rate periodicals, the . r _ : r (n f«rplvp remunerarron rinn huiu — — guineas for a ahect of aixteen pages. It is very difficult to get articles published In the periodicals mentioned, as ibey have their own regular contributor, and the editors will not trouble themselves by reading articles from strangers, while with their old employees thpy know they are safe. The editors, too, become attached to their old friends ; cn insLance of this comes ready to oar hands. The articles on science for the u Quarterly" havo long been writt eu by a gentleman who has now attained a moat distinguished place in | his profession. He has bo much to do, that he would wiUiagly reVnquish his engage ment with the "Quarterly," but Mr.. Lockhart wishes hi u to continue it, and is unwilling bo have articles from any other wriLer on scientific aubjecLi. The falling offin tlis department of the " Quarterly" is, how ever, erident to any person. We have no doubt, but in many instances the editors of the first Magarines reject three times the quantity of matter they publish, and sometimes, U may be, they reject better art i clea than they receive. Aa an instance of this Physician published in Blackwood, which was previously offered to every periodical in Loudon and rejected ; but when actu ally published by " Christopher North," it proved a wonderful attraction. The system of paying for contributions in the manner above described, has brought into existence a profession of literature. Many British authors earn ot tbe present moment a res pectable livelihood by contributing to the periodical literature of the day, varying in amount from £200 to 1000 a-year. The first rat© periodicals at home have always the best articles that could well bo written on the particular Bubjpct of which they treat. We admit that the conductors are not al way 6 the beet judges of the different branches of literature, and they de;>end in not a few instances on the character of the contributor j and this feeling tends to confinethetrade to those who have established something like a name in the world of letters. In a new oolony no auch profession exists; the newspaper press is confined in its operations ; the great aim of many conductor! of newspapera in tho colonies is to debase the public roiod by pandering to the worst prejudice of man: many descend to personalities of the lowest kind, tho msjority think of nothing beyond chronicling the little events that transpire ; some of them even go to the length of scandal ; and, therefore, an editor of a periodical here baa to make contributor) as well as to obtain a circulation. We do not make these observations with any desire So discourage the effort — which will and ought to succeed ; but to point oat the disadvantages under which the effort has to be made, that being forewarned, (bo editor may be forearmed, and prepared to «nrounter the difficulties which will beset him in tbe commencement of bis career. There are we admit, io this and the neigh bouring colonies, many persons who are per fectly competent to give assUtanoe in auch an undertaking ; but, however, anxious to forward so good a cause, they generally find that their time Is too mooh occupied, and their contributions must be at most irregular and iniaffiolenL Wo have iittlo doubt that this Is the main cause why no periodical has been published for any length of time ; the editors finding the labor too much for one man to accomplish, have all abandoned the task in despair. Onr contemporary The Australia Felix Magazine," Is by far the most creditable attempt which has hitherto been inade In Periodical Literature in Australia, that has fallen within the range of our observation ; H U worth tbe money— coalmining 72 pages of closely printed matter ; -the articles ore well written, evidently the productions of thinking man who are competent to give an opinion on the aabjeoU thsy discuss ; and if art afa net always Inclined to agree with their views, wo find thorn still deserving of great consideration. We trust that those ' xvho can write on questions of interest or on literary and scientific subjoctl will assist the editor, and that tho public will assist him hy liberally sap porting his Magi line ; there wouldi thenbe nofoarof itsauoeeas 1 Wear© glad to perceive that the editor is not unaware of the many difficulties with which he will hare to grapple in conducting suoh a pe riodical. We shall in a future number quote his introductory article, where ho has ably pointed them out. Australia Fall Magarine. Harrison Geeloog. Cooper, Melbourne. 