GENERAL MISCELLANY. In youth women arc our mistresses, in riper-years our companions, in old age our nurses, and in all ages our friends. The Judge of the Plymouth County Court has decided that a sailor, while at sea, who allows his wife hall-pay at home, is not responsible lor her debts. A sweep, of Avon-street, Bath, named Baker, ahout three months ago, found a gentleman's large gold ring, and imme diately gave information of il at tin police station, outside which a notice was i lieu p'ated announcing that it would be given up to the owner if pro- peily described. No poison claimed it, nul ilhascvtr since been in Baker's possesion, till it is such a burden to i i m that he lias now issued printed hand-bills for the purpose of calling attention to the in itler. A mori ring -contemporary informs its public, concerning the civic functionaries on Lard Mayor's Day, that whatever other i lfices they dischaige by deputy, ' i at they must in proporiis pcrsoni- bus." This amplified ablative is, wc suppose, intended to adumbrate the al- deriuanic bulk. An astiologer having predicted his death to the very hour, hut having j lived up to the very litnc in good health, hung himself for the honour of his pro I fession. | A fellow named Terence M'Manus, I having been arrested for sheep stealing, | wrote the following to a friend : — " As ; wished to have some mutton with our | I u i nips (or supper, we went to Squire | Carrel), who had more sheep than his i naybors. They were very wild, and the p.- stu re very large, an I we were obliged to lake a new way to entice "em bv lo.ee to come near us, and as this may he nf some s rvice for you to no, f think it my dooty to tell you of it. Pat Dougan and me rapped ourselves up j in liny, and as the sl.e.-p came round u9 | to ute it, we cut their throats ; but a j s.ireh being made, five hind quarters ' belonging to two of them, was lound in ! my rabbin." | A celebrated writer, speaking of a' lady's black eyes, says, "They were in mourning for the murders she had com mitted." " What have you to say, old Bacon- facc ?" said a counsellor to a Wiltshire farmer, whom he Lad tinder examination. " Why," answered the tanner, " I am thiuking my bacon face and your calfs head would make a very good dish." The Italian population in Lnmbardy and Venire, in Sonth Tyrol, und on the coust of fllyria and Dalmatia, amounts to 5,183,000. The Wallachians, 2,1.56,000 in num. b.r, lotm chiefly the population of Transylvania, and of the eastern Bon ders of Hungary Proper. The seat of the 51 agyars, amounting to 1 St, '0,000, is the plains of Middle Hungary; but they are everywhere in tersected will) Sclavoninns and Germans ; ; part of Transylvania is also inhabited ' by litem and by the Szeklers. J The number of gipsies in Austria | amounts to 128,000, and that of Jewsi to 475.000. ' Andrew Govan, M.D., a " character'' of Greenock, lately died there. He had exhibited a great contempt for dress and cleanliness, and appeared su poor that many persons who had known him when his circumstances seemed better, frequently bestowed alms on hitn,| which he thankfully accepted. He has j left more than £2,000. Professor lieid, of New York, says that painted green tea may be most easily detected by putting a small quantity of it in a glass of cold water, ' letting it remain for a few minutes, and then stirring it. j Ben Jonson wrote bis 1 Leges Con- vivealns' for u club of witswho assemb- j led in the Devil Tavern, which was on the site where Child's Bank stands in Fleet street, Temple Bar. lie dedi- t caled those effusions to Apollo, and hung them over the chimney piece, j This comic writer's memoranda prove that he owed much of his inspirations ! to good wine. lit proof of which we t take the following extracts from his | ' memoranda — ' Mem. I laid the plot of 1 my ro1ponc',ox\0 wrote most of it, after j a present of palm sack from my very | good Lord T . The play I am . ; positive will last to posterity, -and will j I be acted when I and envy be friends, | j with applause.' 'Mem. The first speech . ' in my Catiline, spoken by Sylla's i ghost, was writ after I parted with a j j friend at Devil Tavern ; 1 had drunk I | well that night, und hud brave notions, i | There is one scene in that play which 1 1 think is flat. I resolce to drink no ' wore water jvith m y wine.' ' Mem. j Upon the 20th of May, the King (Heaven reward hint) sent nte a hun dred pounds. At that lime I went j oftentimes to the Devil, and before f ': spent forty of it, wrote my Alehymist.' j ' Mem. The Decil is an Ass, The Talc j of a Tub, and some other Comedies , which did not succeed, written by me in tbe wiuler -honest Ralph died, when 1 and my boys drunk bad wine at -the Devil. An advocate, blind of one eye, plead ing one day with his spectacles on said, ' Gentlemen, I shall use nothing but what is necessary,' Then,' replied Mingay, ' take out one of the glasses of your spectacles.' Bois Robert presented his nephew to Cardinal Richelieu, when the minister was taking a walk ; a moment after wards he threw the young man into the basin of a fountain. Ail the persons present were much alarmed lest he should be drowned. Tbe Cardinal ex claimed, ' are you mad V No, Mon- seignor,' was the reply, 1 I knciv what I was about ; without this little excite ment you would have forgotten my nephew, as you have many ethers.' t . - In a window in a street near Red Liun square, the following notice ap peared : — To Let — A comfortable back kitchen, also a back attic unfurnished, with every other convenience. Singular Decree. — The Egyptian Government has issued an extraordinary document. It says . — " Any woman mounting the death of any man except her husband, more than three days, God will certainly cause her guod deeds to perLh, and she will he for ever in the fire ; and any woman making la mentations for a dead person belonging to her, God will certainly make her tongue the length of 70 cubits, and she will be raised from amongst the dead to the last judgment seat wilh a blackface and blue eyes, and the locks of her hair stretched out to her feet, ihe lifting of voices at funerals is to be abhorred. The visiting of tombs by women ts-un- Inwful, because it is for the purpose of reviving grief, weeping, and lamenta tion. Every woman who visits tombs is cursed by every green thing and every dry thing which she passes. It is belter for a woman to sit at home than to go .and pray at the Mosque.' Steel Pens.— Who does not remember the time when a steel pen cost as much as a dozen quills? Who is ignorant of the marvellous reduction that has t3ken place in the market value of these tiny bits of steel? Sixpence a piece, six pence a dozen, sixpence a gross, thus have they cotnc down in value. All this could not have been done but for the application of machinery. Men's hands, employed iu cutting and pressing and sharping the pens, would never have permitted this cheapening to have gone to such an extent. And yet there are actually more men employed in the : I manufacture than when machinery was J | less used. The machinery, in fact, has created a demand, which requires large ! numbers both of machines and of men ! lo supply. Some of the steel-pen manufactories of Birmingham are very large establishments, containing ranges of highly finished machines, und giving employment to large numbers of work men. One of these manufacturers (Gillot) in his advertisements, states his yearly produce at millions of dozens ; and there is no reason to doubt that it does not reach that extraordinary pitch. — The Land we Live in. A Question in Practical Philosophy. — Across what suspension bridge should a gentleman in difficulties travel? That which would enable him to get over Menai Straits The Peerage of England, instead of its being old, is recent. Few, if any, of the Norman nobility exist at this moment, and but for perpetual creations the order must have been all but extinct. 01 the 394 peers of parliament in 1847, "272 had been created after 1760. The decay of the order of baronets has been equally rapid. Of all James the First's creations up to the year of his death, 39 only remain. For the purpose of business and dis patch the first inventor of blotting paper has contributed more to the saving of time than any other person. ' Even in the drama," says Frederick Douglas, iu the North Star-, " where the poet presents the Moor of Venice as an African, the refined sensibility of American taste can only udinit him to be played white." Lord Castlereagh's successor having- been admitted to the royal presence lo receive the seals of office, was- observed ou his retirement to rtilt ilia chin iu a very contemplative mood. " I hope," said a friend, " that you met wilh a gracious reception." " I know nor wit at to think of it," replied the newly appoiuted official, " his majesty, with apparently perfect sincerity, expressed a wish that I should follow lite example of my late predecessor, which I am afiaid means that nothing would give liitn so much pleasure as that 1 should cut my throat." The credit of having been the first to cure cholera by the use of choloforni is, we believe, due tu DoctorJanies Molfatt, of the Royal Edinburgh Asylum, In i the mouth of Jauuary last he publicly announced the fact that chloroform had i cured the cholera. j Lord Monhoddo, celebrated for his ' works on ancient metaphysics, and the : origin of language, was 50 years i old before he began to learn Greek. Erdernaunsdorf learned the same language in bis 53 d year, of un abbate at Route. Gunge, the eminent, natura list of Quedlenberg, in his 40th year engaged in the study of natural history, in which he afterwards gained such celebrity. Isocralcs wrote his " Pana- Ihsnacius" in his 04th. .year. At an advanced agfe Sophocles composed his " Ordix," which he addueed to confute the imputations of his sons, who charged him before his judges with being atl insane old man. Richardson wrote his " Pamela," in his 5lst, his " Clarissa," in his 59th, and " Grandison," iu his 01th year. A clergyman having expostulated with au Indian for being fond too of rum, the fellow replied, " Why, I beard you tell the people at church to love their enemies." j The Extension Railway from Lincoln to Hull, was opened for genaral traffic on Monday> December -25th. At Ross-sliire there is an island near Crowler which had not been visited for forty-eight years until a few months back, and on which is an estate called Applecross estate, occupieJ by a fisher man and his family at the time mentioned. The . parties who went to the estate found growing there a most luxuriant crop of wild potatoes quite free from disease. Air Bo'wyer Smythe, of Inverness, is a keen sportsman, and has had a pe culiarly constructed punt for the pur- ! pose of wild duck shooting. About the middle of' last month (November) yhe was proceeding up to a flock of ducks ot west of Alttulie Point, near Culloden Bay, when a very large fish (something " werry like a whale") was observed in the shallow water. As the fish swam, a wave roised him lo the height of the sides of the punt, with his head out of water, and within fifty yards distance, the large deck gun or swivel, containing 1 lb. of No. 2 shot, wus brought to bear on him, and let fly, Tbe whale wdnt down with a great plunging, and although followed at a distance, , he escaped pursuit. About ten days afterwards, as some of Mr IIo- I garth's fishermen were crossing Fort i George Ferry, they observed a dead I whale of the bottle-nosed kind, and ns on its being landed it was found to contain on immense number of small | shot, there is no doubt but that it is the ; same one which v;as shot at from Mr | Bowyer Stnythe's guu-punt. This is j said to be the first instance of a sports- mail having shot a whale. To shew j what splendid shots have been made at i the ducks from this punt, from one shot 1 from it last week fifty-eight ducks ! weic killed ! On the other days of the week from thirty-five to forty-five were killed by every shot. — Can this be surpassed ? A monument in memory of the late Rev. Dr. Chalmers has just been erected over the grave of that eminent divine, in the Southern Cemetry, Grange Loan, by his family. The design of the mo nument is extremely simple, consisting of three massive slabs of granite, pro jecting from the northern wall of the cemetry, the one in the centre having the inscription, " Thomas Chalmers, D.D., L.L.D., born 1780, died 18-17." The grave is enclosed with an elegant railing, in the Gothic style. The Marquis of Huntley has issued a presentation to the church and parish of Aboyne and Glentanner in favour of the Rev. James Jenkins,' English Master of the Elgin Academy, as assistant and successor to lite Reverend Robert Milne Miller. Iler Majesty's determination to re turn to England overland was the cause of several curious circumstances. At Forfar the report of the royal party having arrived at the railway station was almost- entirely looked upon as a hoax, and few were present. Bailie Craik was the only person to whom her Majesty spoke, the conversation being confined to asking why they were de tained so long, and the- Baillie explain ing that it arose from a change made in the engines. At Glammis, where the train had to change rails, an amusing instauce of the universal application of railway regulations was afforded. The porter having come out with a lanlhcrn, the prince asked for b light of bis cigar, but wilh the utmost coolnes the reply was, " No smoking allowed here, sir," — a rebuff which, we have ttu doubt, the Prince took in good part. Captain Hugh M'Gregor, accompa ttied by hi? la-iy, left home to visit their daughlei's grave in the Edinburgh Ce metery, who bad recently died in tin: bluom of youth. As they approached the cemetery, Mrs. M'Gregor appear, d to stumble, w lieu tbe Captain uttcmpted lo support and prevent Iter l'rom falling, bit', to his honor, lie found llial site wus a lifeless corpse. As David Jolly, of Montrose, belter known by lite ' soubriquet' of the ' Jolly Miller,' was driving his team in a state of happy oblitiousneis, lie drew out witli his pipe a bundle of notes, which fell on the gtouttd, the wheels passing over and embedding them in the earth. Fortunately, a man in the cm- ploy of Messrs. Itiel.ards and Co., who was following Jolly's team, saw the uoles picked litem up, and restored them to him, disdaining to accept the proffered reward lor his honesty. The distress prevailing at Paisley is of no otdinary character, and threatens to be worse. Its assessable property £120,000, whi'e its population excrcffs 32 229, tltcreby lcnving lite properly rated at the average of £3 15s person. The melancholy duty is assigned us of announcing lite death of General M Douali, C.B , who expired at Stran raer, on Wudoeuday, November 15th, at five o'clock, a.in., and has left behind hint a character not to be surpassed for probity, benevolence, und gcnerusiiy of heart, and Christian cmrgy and zeal. 