LAUNCESTON EXAMINER, Saturday, October 27, 1849. JOURNALISM. IT WOULD have argued ignorance of the world, had we presumed that acclamation would always attend our labors. We nhade no such calculation seven years ago, and are not now likely thus to reckon. Not that we have lacked testimonials: it would be unjust to those who have on numerous occasions expressed their approbation, to conceal the fact. Open opposition too we have often encountered : but something novel in newspaper history has lately crossed our path-like a ghost in its native gloom, dim and shapeless. It is described as a spirit that is cruel and insatiable ; and the first victim to be immolated at its sacrile gious shrine has in confidence been de nounced. For ourselves we have no concern : small plots hatched in secret conclave and divulged to select circles have to us no terror. The upright must ultimately triumph, and in their course overcome the machinations of malice and the cunning of intrigue- the principal and instruments engaged against them. We have. heard of the vaporing of those indebted to our forbearance or active good offices; but if their memory is trea cherous ours is retentive; and it may be wise in such to review the past while they contemplate the future. They may have strength to move the world; but like a greater genius, they will search in vain for a fulcrum to support their lever. Intimi dation of this sort will, not drive us to de spair. As it was no vain ambition, that incited us to occupy the position of jour nalists; as we have never sought, and certainly never attained a personal object by a connection with the press; as pecu niary profit did not invite us to the contestf we shall not be deterred from our duty by any sacrifice short of the confidence of the community. While they are prepared to sustain our efforts we shall go forward with alacrity in the same course hitherto pur sued " without partiality and without hypo crisy." Not that the task is in itself entirely pleasing, or that any reward can compen sate incessant vigilance and constant labor. But we are pledged to the public, and so long as they are faithful to us we shall be true to them: this is the voluntary contract we made and desire to observe. We do not complain that some volunteer to criticise what they do not understand that the least qualified set themselves up as umpires in ethics-that the vulgar and the violent pretend to be judges of propriety, or that those who cannot construct a sen tence grammatically profess to be connois seurs in the niceities of composition. We maintain the right of every one to think for himself and to express his sincere convic tions. We have no quarrel, with such if they allow others equal liberty, and not assume as their sole prerogative :the autho rity to dictate how a journal should be con ducted. To this there is, however, a simple reply: undertake the task;. if your talents are superior you will succeed, if iot. you will-fail.. We have never esteemed our selves infallible : it would be. more than -human to be exempt-from error;niut as journalists we have been guilty ofino gross faults or designed injustice, We have re ceived kind' counsel `with gratitude, and welcomed considerate advice, in the spirit of meekness : we have even been so humble. as to profit by the lessons~of'a foe. So in relation to a dissatisfied subscriber. If he dislikes a paper he can declipe it,: the obligation is mutual: :the subscription, even when paid, only defrays the cost of paper and mechanical labor necessary to place the broad sheet in the reader?'shandp. Meretricious patronage is worthless., We announced at the outset of our career that we should' be the partizans of no fac tion, the organ of no sect. In our prgress we have found 'it necessary sometimes to condemn' and sometimes ýto.. applaud, the conduct of the same individuals, and to hold an equal balance among-contending denominations. We have been blamed as the latent abettors of the pope and catholics at heart : others have accused us of a bias towards episcopacy, and more of being presbyterians. Wesleyans have com plained of indifference to t~heir interes~ts, and congregationalists~ because their dis- tinctive principles have not been set~ forth to advantage. The Jews, quakers, andi heathens are the only sections that hiare not lodged a formal caveat. 'To them we' owe a debt of gratitude. But .ins'tead of~ being disheartened by these'accusations so contradictory in their nature, we havqbeen encouraged. They convince us that we' shave dealt fairly with all. Experience bas proved that while bigots have regarded us with jealousy, the .best members aind bulk of each commursion have been convinced of~ our sincere' desire to do equal justice. It certainly was 'not our design to 'show pre ference to either * and if we possess peculiar views, we can confidently challenge an opponent to point out a single instance in which they have been obtruded, or to name a denomination which can claim us as their own. We unhesitatingly admit anxiety to see science, literature, and religion prevail; but although the statement may give offence to the narrow-minded, and involve the im putation of latitudinarianism, we ingenu ously confess that as journalists we wish success to the spiritual influence of every communion. We are convinced that the more men regard the obligations of religion the better citizens they become, and that it is not our province to determine which denomination approximates most closely to the truth. That none hold it entirely with out admixture is a conviction we long since embraced, and are not disposed to part with; - while we believe there is sufficient for the sincerely devout in each, to secure-their salvation under divine teaching. These explanations circumstances seemed to demand, and we. promptly yield them. We have no anxiety for the Examiner. So long as it is conducted on correct principles, and industry is employed in its manage ment, it will maintain that position to which it has been raised by public favor. It cannot ,be shaken; and it may console our few foes and numerous friends, to be informed that its weekly issues exceed those of any other Tasmanian journal. As a vehicle of general news, and a medium of agricultural, com mercial, and political intelligence, it must continue a profitable business speculation. But we are not the less sensible of sinister designs, and therefore warn our friends against insidious attempts to excite their prejudice. We tmay writer an enigma to some, but others will comprehend our meaning : the timie bas not arrived to.be more explicit. It would be beneath the dignity of a respect able journal to deny the trumpery fictions and' bloated falsehoods put forth; but we listen with attention, and shape our course 'with prudence. We shall continue to ob serve passing events with care, and mark the indications as they rise with a watchful eye ; honest opposition, how ever wide, may be fairly appreciated; but the rancorous hate of even a few cannot claim the same toleration. It can scarcely boexpected we are to sit in silence while our reputation is lied away. We indulge no enmity, and disdain vindictiveness; but self-defence is the first law of nature, and we are not disposed to abjure it. 