THE LAND— WHOSE IS IT ? We are induced once more to revert to this, subject, upon which we have already said so much, because we perceive that in England, and even in the British Par liament it is likelv to he discussed. We do not expect that it will be there brought forward and handled in the same point of view that we have been so long advocating. It is not to be- expected that the landed aristocracy of England will take a true and honest view of a question which so nearly affects themselves, nor will they enter upon it at all until they are compelled by circumstances to do so. That time has arrived. Here is one of the clearest evidence on record wherein the Providence of God over rules evil for good. We allude to the case of unhappy Ireland. Long centuries of the most cruel oppression have ground the once enterprising and hos pitable People of Ireland to the dust. Their physical energies have been wasted in hopeless struggles against poverty and oppression ; while the land which was their inheritance from God, has been withheld from them by the rapacious grasp, of men who never sympathised witn them, or aided them in their struggles for liberty. At lfincrf.h. as if to rmt an end to this fearful state of national — Q ; — -- " - .J- # misery and degradation, Providence, as it were> steps in and with pestilence and famine sweeps across the na tion. Thousands upon thousands are laid, unwept, in their miserable graves, whilst thousands upon thousands more turn their hacks upon the beloved land of their nativity to fly from the horrors with which they are surrounded, until the land has almost become depopu lated. It is not for us to see into tbe inscrutable ways of God j we do not pretend to lift tbe veil of futurity ; but really looking at passing events, it would almost appear, if we judge correctly, that God in his infinite wisdom1, has thus scourged Ireland to shew to the nations of the earth the evils arising from Landlordism. We are not yet in possession of sufficient information to enable us to speak positively as to the plan which it appears Sir Robert Peel was maturing with regard to Ireland. We know enough, however, to be satisfied that his ideas go to the upsetting pi the present system of landlordism , and the establishment of a new order of things. We do not say that we agree with the plan which, it is said, he was about to propose, we rather think that it will be out duty to advocate a very different state of things from, that contemplated by the Right Honorable Baronet, but in the principle which he wishes to adopt, we most cordially agree. From all we can gather that principle is, that the State ; that is to say the Parliament, the represen tatives of the People, have a right to interfere with the ownership of land, and if necessary to change it. This power we contend is inherent in the representatives of the People in Parliament assembled ; and if the People were truly represented would prove of the highest benefit. It is because the People are not represented ; it is because their pretended representatives are to a man interested more or less in the present system of landlord ism, that this power inherent in the Parliament (as' the representatives of the People) has been so long, suffered to lie dormant. The land is the People's, and it is the duty of the Representatives of the People to legislate on the question of land, for the benefit of the People1. Sir Robert Peel's plan for Ireland, from all that we can. at present gather,, is to this effect t — That as the present race of Irish landlords have been utterly inca pable of managing the land which they called, their own, either for the benefit of themselves or the People of Ireland, Parliament shall take this land out of their hands,, by compulsion if necessary, and transfer it to others, supposed to be more capable of managing it ad vantageously ; and further than this that along with this new transplantation of landlord, a new tenantry shall also be introduced into Ireland'. The English Press almost universally appears to be in ecstacies at this proposed plan, and if we may judge from the laudation? which have been lavished upon Sir Robert, he is looked upon almost, as a heaven-born minister, who is to restore peace and comfort to long-distracted and famished Ireland'. But if our view of Sir Robert's plan be correct, /what is that plan but a change of landlords, the great social evil will not be affected by this scheme. If it ii carried into effect to the extent which some of the .English papers seem to anticipate, what will it present to the world but the horrible spectacle of a whole People driven out from the land of their ancestors, and sup planted by another People of a different race and nation, who never had any right or title whatever to the land from which the original occupiers have been driven. We are not yet sufficiently acquainted with Sir Robert's plan to be in a position to say whether it is his intention to send over to Ireland large capitalists giving them as heretofore, the absolute ownership of immense tracts of land to be used and occupied by them solely for the aggrandisement of their own families, or whether he intends to " plant," as it is called, a race of sub stantial yeomanry in the shape of small landed pro prietors ; but we rather opine that this latter will not be the course recofnmended by the Right Honorable Baronet. His plan seems to be hailed by the large capitalists with so much delight, that we feel persuaded they at all events expect to come in for a pretty good share of what we call the plunder. The plan proposed by Sir Robert may have for a time a good effect in Ireland, it will not however benefit the Irish People. No doubt it will considerably relieve England ; because if the Irish are by famine and emi gration all but extirpated from their country, a large body of English paupers cau be "planted" in that country, and thus the burthen of poor law taxation, which has in England become intolerable, will be re moved to a very large extent. But in this view of the case, will not great injustice be done to Irishmen ? Will not one of the' first laws of nature be violated. The People of every country have a claim upon the land, and it is but an act of injustice thus to drive them from it. If Sir Robert Peel had taken the broad and compre hensive view of the land question, which we have done, that is to say, if he had looked upon the land as the common property and inheritance of all the People, to be used solely for their benefit, not only would the Irish as a People have been elevated in the social scale, not only would their physical condition have been improved, but the immutable principles of justice would not have been infringed. Right would have been done, justice and prosperity as a matter of course would have fol lowed. The Times, in speaking of this plan of Sir Robert Peel's, says, " ' Planting ' Ireland, that is, setting out the estates afresh and introducing a new race of pro prietors and holders on a new foundation , clear of all old debts, is the only plan which has answered yet for the unfortunate country." We are not so sure that this plan. " has answered," that, in our humble opinion, remains to be proved ; we rather think it has failed, and it will fail again. Setting aside the heartlessness of this assertion of the Times, we are not sorry to see the prin ciple recognised in it adopted by that journal. That principle is an innovation on the old system ; to a certain extent it acknowledges the right to introduce a new race of holders as well as proprietors. We only regret that the principle does not go far enough ; we would like to see all men holders, but none proprietors of land ; and we hail this admission of the Times as one step in the right direction. We have repeatedly said that, in our opinion, the question of land is in no country properly understood. It is only now that the question is begin ning to attract attention. Men are yet in the dark upon it, and they inust grope their way by little and little. We cannot but rejoice, however, when we find the Times, the leviathan of the Press, the leading journal of the world, entering, albeit timidly, on the investigation. Much error has to be removed, much prejudice has to be combatted, much ridicule has to be broken down and overcome, before the truth will burst forth on the mind of the world; but the glimmerings of that truth are already beginning to dawn upon the minds of thinking and influential men ; there is abundant evidence of this in the plan proposed by Sir Robert Peel, defective though it be, and in the article in the Times which we have just quoted. The writer of that article says in another place, " The West of Ireland is bankrupt, and half depopu lated. Proprietor and peasant are equally helpless. The union workhouses do the duty of garrisons, and subject to the most effectual terrorism, a people who heretofore have neither worked nor paid taxes> as we do in this island. Has not the crisis come for a new ' plan tation ' of Ireland ? The only impediments are such as we can or ought to remove. With a timely stretch cf its undeniable prerogative, the British Legislature can give a good title, and secure the purchaser from being re visited by the ghost of the old masters. It is not to be done by mincing the matter." Truly it is not ; but Sir Robert Peel's plan, and the Times ' support of that plan is only a mincing of the matter after all ; nevertheless we atfe glad to hear the Times acknowledging that the legislature has an undeniable right to take the land out of the hands of " the old masters," and give it to new ones. If the Times and Sir Robert Peel would, however go a little further, if they would place the land where it ought tp be, in the hands of the People, distributing it t into small farms and letting it . for a light rent ; how much prosperity would be achieved, and that too without driving the natives of the' soil from the country of their birth. We shall not now enter into any of those arguments which we have on previous occasions adduced in favour of the land being rented from the Government instead of being sold ; to do so would only be to reiterate what we have already said; all we shall now do is to again express our conviction that the land being the common inheritance of all the People, and the Government being only the Trustee of the People, it has no right whatever to alienate the land, and to give an absolute right of ownership in it to any indi vidual to the exclusion of all others. Land and not labour ought to bear the burthens of the State. It has been urged that our view would not shift the burden of taxation from labour to land, but we contend that it would, because we would have the holder of unproductive land pay the same rent to the Government for it as for his most productive acres. In that case, the land would be made productive ; we should not have then as we have now thousands of acres, producing absolutely nothing, but merely retained to swell out the pride and pomp of some pampered aristocrat. Employment would be found, for what is now falsely called the " surplus population," and food would be produced sufficient for all the wants of the whole family of man. The time when this must be the case, though perhaps far distant, is nevertheless sure to arrive ; and with all its defects, with all its injustice, we hail this proposal of Sir Robert Peel as one great step towards it ; because its immediate effect will be to set men thinking on this important question, and the masses will not be slow to perceive that absolute and individual property in land is not so sacred a thing as they have hitherto been taught to believe. " There is a good time coming." If the Working Classes of Society only be united and work well together, they will hasten its happy advent. 