BApTISM OF THE HON.' AND REV. B. W, NOEL. f From the Christian Times.) The Hon. and Hfv. B. AV. Noel wvs bPt'ed yci'cfrday evening, in the Rev. Mr. Evans's Chapel, John -street, Bed. ford-row. As might be expected, the cnapei was c owded long before the ceremony commenced. After a hymn had been sung, the Rev. Mr. Shepherd, Mr. Evans's co.pxstor, read the latter part of the 8th chapter of the Acts, be ginning at the 25th verse. Prayer was then offered by the Rev. Mr. Moms. Mr. Ehephe.vd delivered an introductory address, and another hymn having been sung, Mr. Noel entered the pulpit and istd : — Having been asked, my- bre thren to address a few words to you on this occasion, I gladly Avail myself of the opportunity of speaking' a few words on tb's particular point—why a person who-is uiibaptised, shou'd he hapt<s-d, after hiving made a profession of faith in Jesus Christ in other ways, and per haps fur many years. 1 have not come to the resolution to obey what I believe to be Christ's command, without having fully weighed the grounds upon which that step is to be taken. Without having read anything whatever in favour of the exclusive right of believers to Christian baptism, I have read all the strongest arguments that I could meet with upon the other side. I believe 1 have weighed well every 'considerable argument that has ever been adduced in the maintenance of infant baptism,, as an additinn to, and which evidently be. comes a substitution for, the baptism of believers in Christian Churches ; and 1 have come distinctly to these two con clusions, which appear to me at leest to be certain. I will not speak of the convictions of o> Iters, but I speak of the conviction of my own mind, after very much examination. It appears to me to be distinctly proved, first, that baptism, as ordained bv Christ, is an immersion in water, a being buried in the water ; and, secondly, that immersion is meant to be a profession of faith in Christ. If those two conclusions are correct (and 1 believe they will completely prevail with the Christian world eventually), then it follows that a person, who like myself, has only been sprinkled in infancy, is linniinHvaf konaitea euati n mamah u>iwu|4i.i«bu , vvvuuec cuvii a jciauu iin) neither been immersed, nor has he made a baptismal profession of faith; and these two things constitute Christiau baptism. So that if these conclusions are correct, then I and others who have only been sprinkled in infancy, are in neither sense baptized. Should we, then, after having professed our faith in Christ at the Lord's table, at many times, come to this, which is the initia tory rite of Christianity, and begin again a profession of faith in him 1 There are these reasons which have led me to con clude so for myself, and which have led, I believe, some of my brethren and sisters, who are about to "be baptised, to the same conclusion. In the first place, there is no instance in the New Testa ment of any person unbaptised, after the institution of Christian baptism by our Lonl coming to the Lord s table, and therefore, if we should continue to attend the Lord's table without being baptised, knowing that Peedobaptism is not the baptism appointed by Christ, we should be doing contrary to all the precedents of the New Testament. In the next place, Christ has required a baptismal professsion of faith. It does not appear to me to be sufficient to say that "we have confessed Christ in other ways. That may be true; but there is no reason why one confession of Christ, appointed by him, should he taken as the substitute of another con fession, appointed likewise by him ; and therefore, as he has said to us, as well as toothers, ' Repent and be baptized for the remission of sins, and ye shall re- 1 ceive the Holy Ghost;' 'He that be- j lieyeth and is baptized shall be saved | therefore, he requires a baptismal pro fession of faith in other ways. This I has bean so clearly seen by the churches j oi Christ in general, that it is not on'y \ those which are called Baptist Church-s j but all the Churches who refuse to ad- j rait the Lord's Supper, or into Church ' membership any «hom they consider to j be unbaptised. If a matt — for instance j one of the Society of Friends — has been j a consistent cnristian tor years, lias fol lowed the Lord diligently and zealonsly, J has done good by his pen and by his preaching, and is welcomed by all per sons who rejoice in seeing the work of the Spirit as a thorough Christian — if that person should come to recognise that the sacraments are still obligatory, and that be should come to the table of the-Lord, there is no Church that would receive him unbiptised. Neither the Roman Catholic nor the Anglican, nor the Presbyterian, nor the Indeprndent Churches would receive such an one i unbaptised. And, therefore, the fact of < bis having made a profession of faith f in other ways has not appeared to any ' of the Churches of Christ as a reason j he should not, at any point in his heaven ward course, be baptised when he comes ' to recognise his error. Our ble>st-d Saviour has set us an example in this matter. At the age of thirty, when he was known by all who knew him to be devoted to God— when his- whole life was a profession of devotedness, not in the least re quiring baptism as an expression either of repentance or of faith — wheo John was btpliting converts, because the kingdom of Heaven was at hand, sum moning men to believe in Christ as the Saviour about to appear — '.lien it was that Jesus, not certainly needing to be baptised unto faith in himself, and needing no repentance, was yet at that age baptised, after long years of piety. This he did because he would honor the ordinance of God, not needing it him self, but with a view to the welfare of others and the honoy of God. He was therefore baptised. The Hon. and Rev. Gentleman proceeded with his discourse to some length. On thrso grounds, it had seemed to bim to be his duty not to shrink from a public acknowledgment of Christ's Authority, but with his brethren around to he baptised, tn ac knowledge that He was a right to our subjection., Afttr singing, and prayer over the . pool, Mr. Noel, and thirtrcn others, six j of them females were baptised in the usual manner by the Rev. Mr. Shep. herd. ' 