-' LITERATURE AND ART. Bentlcy's Miscellany for September. —Bentlcy, Mew Burlington-strcct. — This number opens with a. humorous ar- : tide, entitled 'The Luck of Inigo Dobbs,' by Geyjrge Hodder ; and Leech has illustrated the most saitem scene m a very suitable manner. Warren's Scenes and Adventures on the Amazon1 are continued. ' The Pale Maiden of the Castle,' will delight the lovers of the 'romantic and marvellous. The Hon. Charles Stuart Savile contributes a paper, entitled ' Before and behind the Barricades of June,' to which is ap pended the following' note : — ' This ar ticle was written immediately after the events it describes, but for certain . reasons was not then published. I hose seasons no' longer exist.' We have \- perused the paper, and cannot for the life of us discover the motives thus alluded to. - But ' better late than never," say we, in respect to the appearance of the article, which is full of interest and nnecdote. Witness the following trait i -.. 0f — . female heroism. I must, by-the-bye, observe, that deeds of courage were not confined en tirely to the harder sex. I will mention one instance, at least, of female gal lantry. On passing by the theatre of the Porte St. Martin on the last day of the- insurrection, I observed a Garde Mobile lying asleep upon some straw ; on perceiving the cross of the Legion of Honour upon his coat, I asked who he was. He !' said a bystander, ' why, it is a woman.' This was perfectly true; her husband had been a Garde Mobile, and was killed during one of the first attacks made against the bar ricades; his wife, who was cantiniere to the battalion, put on the fallen man's uniform, and for three whole days was continually in the thickest of the fight. , She had taken with her own hands nine banners, and eight prisoners, and was at the storming of no less than 43 barricades, yet, strange to say, she had received only one slight wound in the arm. General Lamoriciere had de corated this heorine with his own cross, upon one of the barricades, the banner of which had been taken from her after a most furious struggle. ' Wayside Pictures through France, Belgium, anu uerniaiiy, promise iu one of those pleasing series of sketches of travel' which fequenlly adorn the panes of this periodical. Fiotn the first article mentioned in this notice of the current Number of ' Bentley's,' we have selected for quotation the ensuing laughable anecdote in the life of the her, Mr Dobbs 'not fit to be. seen.' There I ain ! seated on the sofa be tween Miss Plinlimmon and Miss Julia Plinlimnion, while Mrs Plinlimmon herself is occupied with Signor Violini, a musical professor, in looking over some favourite airs, which one of the young ladies says Adelaide plays di- — vinely. Signor Violini suggests that Miss Flinlimmon suan sing iter new song, and Mrs Plinlimmon immediately exclaims, 'Ah do, Adelaide, my dear ! I am so anxious for Mr Dobbs and the professor to hear it.' This entreaty on the part of mamma is of course affec tation. Adelaide would have beeu much disappointed and sorely vexed hud she not been solicited to sing the new air. But, such is society I Miss Plinlimmon is led' by me to the pi.no, and, whilst Signor Violini arranges the music stool to the proper height for the lady's ac commodation. I take an opportunity of reading the words of the new song. And. il I mistake not, the title is, ' Why don't the men propose?" but of this I will not be too sure, as my recol lection is sometimes 'treacherous. My band is on one page of the music, and that of the professor is on the other, whilst Mfss Plinlimmon is occupied in playing the symphony, which happens to be unusually lo-g. Suddenly the harmony is interrupted by a noise on the staircase as of the trrading of mighty footsteps. " Good lie . vens !" exclaim the ladies, " what can the nutter be?'' " i really think the house is on fire," cries one of the gentlemen, " for there is a dreadful smell of burning." The doubt, however, is soon cleared up by the affrglited housemaid, who rushes into the drawing room with tear- in her eves' and distraction in her aspect, ex claiming, " Oh, Lor', mum ! litre's the kitchen chimney been and caught fire, and we can't 'stinguish the flames no how /" The ronm is instantly filled with smoke, and the whole company with alarm and astonishment. "What is to be done?" cries one. " What 'xhall'we. do?" says another. " Send for the fire engines," exchims a third. " No, no ! the fire will burn itself out when the soot is all consumed," says a fourth. " But we shall all be suffn- foeated," screams Mrs. Plinlimmon. " And our best dresses completely spoilt," cry the Misses Plinlimmon, " Oh, Mr. Dobbs, can you do any thing to help us.?" says the widow, in the loudest tones of a voice not particularly nwl dious. " Any tiling in the woild,'' I reply, " if yon will only mention it, my dear madam." " Don't you think," . rejoins the shrewd lady, " somebody might go to the top of the house, and throw buckets of water down the chim ney ?" Titers is no time to be lost, tor the fire continues to blaze, and the smoke in the drawing room has become SO thick that the people can scarcely see each other. So, acting upon the deli cate hint conveyed to me by the insinu. ating.widow, I— -easy man that I am,-— exclaim, " Ob, I will go with pleasure," .looking at. my white vais'coat and em broidered shirt-front ; and away I e art, trcadinz on several corns, and knocking down sundry china ornaments in my as. suincd anxiety to play the part ' a fireman " for this night only:" Twice I stumble on the staircase, and em-h time piodnce a tent in my gann. nts. and in getting through the trap-th or leading to the roof, 1 break my bead, and almost disl cue my ribs. Notwithstanding these small inennv. nienc ?, 1 comm. nee proceedings aga-nst the offen.ting eliim- nev, and in less than lialf-an- bonr the n ' .Amnl.itnlsr e vf I n.flllill Pfl names are «uwip»cn.i j » » thanks to tr.y exertions and the penalty | I pay for being too I'ond of snciety. I will leave the reader to imagine the np- peaiance I presented on my return to1 the drawing room. He is just as aide to conceive it as I am to describe it ; for, in these railway times, it is really by no means eifficu't to imagine the effects | prodttcable trom a combination of smoke and water. Suffice it that 1 was no longer " fit to be seen," and the ladies ran away from me to save their dresses fr m contamination. There was no ..t,„. for mp hut in hasten from the scene a3 speedily as possible, and as I descended the stairs 1 thought I heard fbe widow say, " Kind, obliging creature! how I should like htm for a son in- law!" It may we'' ' imagined that when I anived at at home, and began to reflect on what had passed, I did not feel very amiably disposed towards the Widow Plinlim mon. Confound the woman ! thought I. If she bad not tormented nte to be a guest at her home this would not have occurred, and I should doubtless have spent the evening in a manner much more agreeable to my own tastes, and at a much less cost to my ward robe, for I found that my best suit of clothes was rendered unfit for use ex cept by a member of the colliery pro fession, or by one of those smoke- itpvmiriniT crentrv who pass their lives amongst lite engines of a steam- boat. _ Ainsworth's Magazine for Septem- bc) — Chapman anil Sail, Strand — In this number the Editor's romance of ' Crichton' is continued, and is illus trated by Phiz, l'he most interesting portion of the tale consists of the chapters now given ; but it is heavy and dull as a whole, and is rather to be read for its antiquarian research into old costumes, manners, ana customs than for its plot. The lyrics, with which it is interspersed, are however spirited and well turned. W. Hughes contributes a good paper upon the ' Homesteads of Lower Brittany,' with which province the writer is well acquainted. A new series of articles is commenced in this number, entitled ' Confessions of a Medical Sceptic,' in which a . mesmeric dream is forcibly described, with more regard however to the creation of a vivid interest than to truth. ' The Countess of Rudolstadt.' by George Sand, is continued in the excellent English garb with which Miss Matilda Hayes lias invested it ; and Kingston's ' Black Slaver' likewise proceeds with spirit. ine riirenoto- gist' is a capital tale, though hurriedly narrated. Let the reader imagine the elegant dining-room of Baron Hart- , maun, where several guests are assem bled, amnngst whnm'are the Prince nf Olsebach, Professor Leyden, and a handsome young man, Carl Hoffenon. They are all conversing upon a dread ful murder which had recently been perpetrated in the Black For.st upon the person of a young girl, and on sus picion of which crime her youthful lover was atreaay in prison. mt sequel of the narrative is as follows t — the phrenologist. Various subjects were discussed and argued; but durii.g the whole evening Leyden spoke not a word. At last the hour for breaking up arrived ; and ac cording to etiquette, the Prince moved first. Ere he did so, he requested the teturn of his snuff-box. The person to whom he had handed it declared that he had passed it to the next, who, in his turn, denied all knowledge of it, as did the rest of the company. Every one had seen it, every one had handled it, but none could now produce it. The room was searched, the servants had not even entered the apartment, the door had never been unclosed, none naa stirred fr.m the table. Tbe affair be gan to wear a serious aspect. The- old Baron felt his honour was wounded, but still hoped it might prove to be an ill-timed pleasantry. Under this im pression he rose. " Gentlemen, some person among you- has, doubtless, concealed the box, intending thereby to give our illustrious friend a fright, and in good faith lie deserves it for thus carelessly forgetting to look after a trinket said to be worth 50,000 florins; but as he seems really uneasy about it, I must beg the person who has taken il, instantly to return it, and confess the joke." And the Noble af. fected to- laugh. None, however, res ponded, and Hartmann saw with in creased ui easiness that he must now I take the matter up more seriously. "My friends, you cannot feel offended j when I offer myself as the first person I to undergo the ordeal, an ordeal I almost blush to say we mu3t all submit to. We must be searched 1 None but the guilty can feel annoyed at this proposal." Professor Leyden started up. "By Heaven's I'd sooner die." Another was of the same opinion, and objected to undergoing such an ope ration, which at the very least implied a doubt. Poor Hartmann looked like a ghost. lie glanced appealingly towards Leyden, who now rose. ' Let tbe door be locked," said he in a grpve voice ; "let.it be well secured " This was done. "Now, gentlemen, you'roust either acknowledge the correctness of the measure I adopt, or I, the disciple of a juggling science, perish 1" and he drew from his pocket a small pistol. " Nay, start not, my friends, against myself alone I mean louse this weapon, and that only in case I wrongfully accuse an individual now present. \ou I may remember before dinner that I I phreiiolngically examined you all. | There was lit'le to say about you j gcnera'l ; but there was one amongst i you in whom I could not be mistaken —one whom I wished not to have named, whose presence ever since has made mc shudder. I see the gentleman to whom I allude already turn pale. Nay, attempt not to smile. I am either a villain for allowing a false theory to mislead me, or you Carl Hoffenon are both a robber and a murderer !" A I thunderbolt would have caused a less ' consternation. The Baron started up j in rage and agony, The Prince bc- 1 lieveiT the Professor had suddenly gone | mad ; while the others looked with searching glances alternately at ; i i t '1 L A f .mm no lx fX fl .Leyden ana Lon. coolly resumed his chair. The other sat pale, immoveable ; whas could it mean? Old Hartmann was about to speak in no gentle terms to tbe man who had insulted his future son-in-law, I when, waving his band, Leyden quietly added " Search him." The Biron in I his eagerness to defend lii3 protege, at i once flew to do so. Immediately the | snuff-box fell on the table. The wor- I thy old man sank overcome in a chair. in the breast pocket of Carl's- blouse he j had found the box, which tbe other had unresistingly allowed him to draw ' forth. For a few minutes there was a ! dreadful death- like pause. The party | seemed petrified, while the trembling Car! seemed to struggle with his feel ings. At length, as if suddenly awak-' itig, he started up, and incoheicrilly pro- A <1 'PL. n f frtfl fit? till ! nouueeu, lllc nauu V - - - I would, but cannot, fly his judg ment. Professor Leyden speaks the truth. I am a robber and a mur derer ! Under the name of. Gratz 1 wooed and won the peasant maid of whom we spoke just now. In madness I espoused her. Tired, however, in a few ehort days, of being tied for life to one uneducated and low born, bearing that Claia Hartmann possessed un bounded wealth, and knowing that my rustic wife a'o- e presented an obstacle io my wedding this fair heiress, I slew lid — ay > c.u lly slew Iter, and caused; her lover to be seized — to tu'n the finger I of suspicion towards Itim. Had be not | fl-d, to-mcrrow he would have been ; stabbed, A< (or robbery, I can only say j I long have headed a bold band, whom j even now I'll not betray, alt'iouili they II i laugh at me with scorn when tltev hear h .w foolishly I f'H into the hellish net | that Satan laid lor me, and call me fool tor not having the power to resist temp tation. Thai cuised box was far h.o brilliant. Some spell lurked in il which drew me with a foice 1 rould not stand against, and made me ru>h at once upon mv rum : but vvhv thus moralize ? Let monks go pray, it is too late f- r me ; let common telons suffer on the block, it is too mean a death for me. Thus 1 laugh at Fate — I'm never unprepared." And ere a single arm rould move to prevent him, lie had swallowed the contents of a smaU phial, which afterwards p-oved to have been filled with prussic acid. Mem Monthly Magazine for Sep. tcniber. — Chapman and Hall, Strand. X. very excellent Number, Iraugbt 'with interest and variety, and having many names well known in tire literary world figuring in H e tnble of rontents. Marriotti's "Country Lite in Iialy" is a pleasing essay, gracefully wriiten : and Dudley Cosie lo's ".Adventures of Ma- damedu Barti" contain graphic descrip tions ol the splendour in which that in famous woman lived. Her influence over the voluptuary Louis XV. is ably illustrated in many interesting anecdotes. Charles Hervev's "Habitue's Note- Book" is a good-natured gossip upon the affairs of the dramatic and operatic worlds; and Charles Ilowcroft's "Tick : or Memoirs of «n old Eton Boy," is a continuous tale that improves vasily as it proceeds. B 'I the gem in the Num- u- ii. a « n,» in thp l.ife nf an Ancient Egvp'ian Dandy," by the author of "Azeth." We quote a poriion of this spirk'ing, brilliant, and interesting paper : — an eoyftian dandy in ancient times. Our young heir is far too deeply steeped in luxury and idleness to venture on the rougher class or the hippopotamus or the crocodile. He is too foppishly staid to disturb the stern -serenity of bis appearance by that vigorous throw ol the barbed spear and the rapid east ol " the noosed rope which such chase re quires Why, he would ruffle his garments, discompose his flowing hair, disarrange his flowery gar lands, and make himself excessively hot and uncomfortable for no good ! No ; the gentle spot of angling, the tranquil cast and drag of the net, lazily and sleepily, or at most the stronger exertion of bringing down the water-fowl by means of the slings, sticks and stones before- mention- ed, these are the utmost efforts of which his energies admit. And these weary him soon and long. And there he sits, while his slaves row the light boat, or keep her 'steady against the bank, or moor her to the strong reeds which krow up in a marine forest about him ; and lying thus beneath the shadow of the awning, or within the protection of tho high gunwale, he watches the stealthy steps of his trained cat and favourite ichneumon as they plunge among the game, or he lazily listens to the cries of the decoy bird as she calls ; her wilder kind , to come and j admire her nest of eggs, or come help to feed her brood of young. Perhaps if not over-stupid by luxury, he makes some internal reflection on her treachery ; then turns away thinking that all is good, .even an ichneumon's craft, and a decoy-bird's falsehood. The sun shines down through the tall reeds and water plants ; his glossy hair runs thick with perfumed oil ; his servants bring him fruits in small baskets coveren wttn leaves uou hu,tCi» iu tnake the purple figs and golden grapes yet more templing ; and some fan aw.ty the flies which crowd in myriads from the marsh, or lower the awning checquered with bright colours, which screens away the sun; and -he lies in that byblus bark the ideal of Egyptian luxuriousness. We will not ask his thoughts as he thus rests, holding the line and rod so carelessly ; we will not inquire what fair form his visions take, as he wraps his linen robe decorously graceful about him, and composes him self to sleep with the thick rushes bending over him. Be she some proud Isiac priestes, regal in her birth and glorious in her beauty, or be she some simple- country tnaid, worshipping at the shrine of ltis refinement, and loving him with that intense unasking love which only women feel, and which women of every land and faith and climate do feel, be she the loveliest dancer or sweetest songstress of the choir whom to love with devotion would be a slain on his gallantry, be she high or low, rich or poor, patrician or plebeian, he were no true man if she did not fill his dreaming thoughts -as he rests there within his byblus bark on the dancing waters of the blue river ! The fish are caught, the birds struck down in suffi cient quantities ; the sun rides high, and our dandy must away to the gay banquet to which he has invited his guests this noon-day. His boatmen pull the lord of all this wealth back to his own domain ; again he traverses bio well kept farm, passing through orchards rich in fruit trees, and throught gardens gay with flowers, cooled by water tanks and fountains all about ; and once again he enters that ancient cottage ornee of old Ezypt, while his' car is harnessing to bear him back to the grandeur of tile Rierttul City of the Gods. Surely we must admire that elegant and gracciul chariot. Where can we find a lighter shape ? where a more gorgeous equip- ment? The large wheels are bound wiilt metal; the sides are painted, gilded, and carved ; the beautiful bow- case, ricnly ornamented, hangs with1 studied negligence from tjie rail of the frame ; the harness is embossed, painted, and studded ; the linrnes are trapped with magnificent caparisons, gay plumes float oyer their p-oud lu-nds and mingle with tiicir flo»inz manes; the bronze nails, set eveiy where in the liarnr-s and the car, fl.ii-li and glutei in the sun ; and tbe whole equip ige is one of Beauty, elegance, and colour, unequalled throughout nil Miziaitu. The Nubian horses, too, large, black, and powerful, might well make the Cushiie dandy proud as they fly wiih him through the broad paved roads, and mako the sim ple peasantry compare him to some god on a rainbow meteor, passing swiftly through the air. After the bath, aftcr fresh ointments are poured over his sup ple body and a whole alabaster vase of precious oil is lavishrd on his false tresses, after he is wreathed with young flowers, gay chaplets, garlands, and loose bunches all before him, after he has put on other and more costly gar- ments, and changed the fashion of his jewellery for gems more brilliant than even those he now wears — after, in a word, he Ins exhausted all that Egyptian gold can buy, and all that Egyptian luxury can command, he repairs to Hie gor geous chamber where his expected guests would assemble. The fuiniiu-e of this room surpasses all that we have yet seen. The linen is the finest which Egyptian looms can produce ; the tapes ry came fiom Babylon ; the car pets me Lyuinn; the tubbs are of cx- pen-ive foreign woods, i-r if native, then biightly painted and thickly gilded ; lit: chairs are bung with gold and scdrlet an 1 deep blue; their frame- work is a very study of design. Sotne are massive, covered throughout with j ( rich d apery : others are light, with , lotus buds and flowers, volutes, scrolls, 'i and ornaments, foiming the sides ; some! have captives, others birds, gazelles, lions, and goats, as ilieir suppor snll . are rich, elegant, and splendid ; all suit well with the heavy .Egyptian luxury. Each smallest box is a gem for a-tistic beauty ; each vase and cup and basket of gold, or porcelain, or the true and the false murrhine (the last is the production ot Theban workshops,! is a thing to be examined for ever; while those of the " pigeon'# neck" manufacture, that strange substance of such varied dyes which change in every light till you may not tell what whs the original hue', are sure to attract crowds ol the idly curious to gaze and still gaze on the wonders of light and colour. 