NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, PIRIE-STREET. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the new Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie- street, attracted a great concourse of spectators yesterday. A marquee was pitched upon an elevated mound, and flags and ban- ners at various points of the site of the future edifice gave a holiday appearance to the scene. Long before the appointed time (3 o'clock p.m.) every point of van- tage ground was occupied by persons anxious to wit- ness the proceedings, and shortly aftor 3 o'clock his Excellency and Lady Young arrived, and the Rev. D. J. Draper gave out a hymn, the majority of the male sex present taking off their hats, and otherwise indi- cating their mental participation in the devotional exer- cise, while a considerable number 'lifted up their voices' in unison with the principal members of the Wesleyan body, who stood around his Excellency and Lady Young. The Rev. D. J. Draper then invoked the Divine blessing on the undertaking in a prayer characterized by its fervid piety and Christian libe- rality. At its conclusion, the silver trowel, manufac- tured for the occasion, was presented to his Excellency, who descended to the foundation, laid the stone secun- dum artem, a bottle, in which was enclosed the ap- pended inscription, having been previously deposited in a place prepared for its reception : — 'The Foundation Stone of this Chapel, for the use of the people called Methodists, in connexion with the Society established by the Reverend John Wesley, A.M., was laid by His Excellency Sir Henry Edward Fox Young, Knight, Lieutenant-Governor of the Province, on Monday, the fifteenth day of July, A.D. 1850, being the fourteenth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. The Rev. Thomas Jackson, being President of the British Conference. The Rev. Wm. B. Boyce, General Superintendent of Wes- leyan Missions in Australia. The Rev. D. J. Draper and the Rev. Thomas T. N. Hull, Ministers of the Adelaide Circuit ; the Rev. R. C. Flockart, Assistant. Trustees. Messrs John Colton | Messrs W. Hutchens " Robert Hawkes | " J. B. Hack " Wm. MacGuire | " T. J. Mitchell " Andrew Johnston | " J. C. Coke " Thomas Maslin | " William Collins " Wm Johns | " Henry Goss. Architect. Henry Stuckey, Esquire. Builders. Messrs W. H. Perryman & Son. 'Our venerated Founder has recorded it as his opinion that the object of God in raising up the Methodists was to spread Scriptural Christianity throughout the land.' 'To assist in promoting this object in South Australia, this Chapel is erected, to the Honour and Glory of the Triune God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen.' His Excellency, after officiating as 'Master Mason,' returned to his position in front of the marquee, and addressed the assemblage in the following appropriate and impressive speech : — 'Reverend Gentlemen and Christian Friends — It has ever appeared to my mind to be a duty incumbent on us all to act as coadjutors and brethren of a far greater society than that whicii is comprised in the congrega tions in which we commonly assemble. It is certain ! that we are citizens of a community which embraces all Christendom — redeemed by one ransom — pledged to one service— owing allegiance to the Christian law of love. I therefore give my sympathy and aid to the work of this day; not forgetting in what comparatively minor particulars I differ from my Wesleyan friends, but recollecting much more vividly, and with much greater satisfaction, the grand cardinal points on which we hold together our common faith. In assisting to lay the foundation- stone of this house of prayer, we are discharging a duty which, we may fervently hope and believe, will carry with it a blessing to present and future times. In this edifice will be read and ex- pounded the same sublime version of the Holy Scrip- tures, from which hope and consolation are proclaimed to our friends, relatives, and countrymen at home, and made known to all nations for the obedience of the faith. Whilst individuals are thus led to the only way of salvation, the peace and order of civil society will be promoted bv teaching also in this Chapel the scriptural doctrine of 'Love the Brotherhood; fear God ; honour the King.' As an individual, and as a ruler, then, I rejoice that the zeal and liberality of the Wesleyans and their friends are sufficient to engage in so praiseworthy an undertaking; and I pray God to speed the good work.' The Rev. T. N. Hull then delivered a discourse fitting to the occasion, and breathing the same spirit of piety, peace, and goodwill that characterised the whole proceedings. The prayer with which the rov. gentleman concluded elicited a fervent A men from the people, and tears glistened in may an eye, 'albeit unused to the melting mood.' The Rev. Mr Draper exhibited plans of the elevation of the building to his Excellency and Lady Young, which were much admired. He then referred to the fact that the Wesleyan Chapel in Gawler-place was found insuflicient to accommodate the number of persons who applied for sittings in it, and who were desirous of worshipping under the pastoral care of the Wesleyan ministers. It was that fact which induced the trustees to determine on erecting a larger structure ; and that ground, com- prising an area of half an acre, was purchased for £600. The new chapel of which his Excelleney had that day laid the foundation stone was intended to be 88 feet long and 53 wide in the inside, with a capacious school room and vestry attached. It was estimated that the whole would cost about £4000, of which sum £1000 were already re- ceived, although the collection had been by no means general throughout the city. He (Mr Draper) hoped that on the completion of the building, without gal- leries, which could he afterwards added, that a debt of not more than £1000 would remain unliquidated, as the old Chapel in Gawler-place would be sold, and the proceeds appropriated towards the expense of the new building. The rev. gentleman remarked that the ground on which the Gawler place Chapel stood, was a gift to the Wesleyans, from Edward Stephens, Esq., and that the foundation-stone of that edifice was laid by Colonel Gawler, the then Governor of the province. The rev. gentleman then gave out the Doxology, which was sung by the people ; after which his Excel- lency and Lady Young retired, amid the cheers of the workmen and spectators, who immediately after sepa- rated. The silver trowel used at the ceremony yesterday was much admired for its exquisite workmanship. In the centre the arms of Sir Henry Young are beautifully emblazoned, and surrounded by the following inscrip- tion : — ' This trowel was used in laying the first stone of the Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie- street, Adelaide, by his Excellency Sir Henry Edward Fox Young, the Lieut.- Governor, and presented to him by the trustees, July 15th, 1850.' On the reverse, the motto, 'The best of all, God is with us,' and an elevation of the proposed building, with the names of the ministers and trustees of the Society and of the architect and builders of the sacred edifice. We are glad to hear that the City Commissioners have instructed Mr Reardon to lay informations against all owners of dogs who have not had them properly registered, and to keep a sharp look-out for those who are in the habit of attacking passengers. Mr Carben, the owner of the savage animal that seized a poor man, in Pirie-street, on the 9th instant, will be instantly pro- ceeded against. The body of George Seymour, who was drowned at the Port on the 23rd June, was found yesterday by a boatman at Mutton Cove, about five miles from the spot where he fell overboard. An inquest will be held to-day. Gawler Town is rapidly progressing. A number of large stores are in the course of erection. The Wes leyan Chapel is nearly completed, and will soon be ready for D v'ne service. The Catholics have com menced bulling a large chapel, which is situated near the Established Church. 