MORTAL AGONIES. THE Tasmanian Union has thrown our whole system into one universal fever of alarm and excitement Its gigantic strides—its solemn but determined gathering of strength, marks, with no unmistakeable symptoms, the formidable power, which, the -concentrated energies of such an organized body, actuated by one decisive purpose, and enlightened with an elevating consciousness of their might, must, undoubtedly wield over our present and future destinies. The gasping agonies of those who may well dread the exertion of such a commanding influence, at once giving birth to, or dooming to destruction any man's political existence, most instructively depict the opposite face of things. The Colonial Press is almost universally up in arms, with every artifice of invention—every stratagem of duplicity, vainly attempting to create dissensions and to weaken, by all means, the accumulating host of organised power. The attempt will be as futile—as the motive is base and revolting. All the journals cry out—the Governmcnt is in the plot: it is a secret machine of governmental policy !—Such a cry needs no repiy. If the Government fraternized with the declared objects of the Union— we would hail it as an omen of approaching prosperity, moral and political, hitherto unknown, in the colony. The Colonial Times (21st Jan., 184-8) says—" The people had they the power, would long since, have turned arid overturned the corrupt government!" Yet this very people, so frequently lured to deeds of blood and rapme, are now coming forward in crowds, in the dignity of moral power, to unite their forces to cooperate with this very government in any scheme for the common good, marked out in their own declaration of rights and privileges ! The Colonial Times has just asserted (5th Nov.)—" This is thefirst time we have heard of castes or classes, or of inviduous distinctions, the inhabitants of our common country." Is every ghost of truth to be quite banished from amongst us ? Why—what does this moral guide of our colonial immaculates say in its own columns—" As to the prisoner population, they in reality have no right to enjoy the liberty of free subjects, and we should recommend that no appeal whatever should be allowed them."-—(Colonial Times, Uth Aug. IMS.) Where humanity and veracity are not totally and basely shipwrecked, there can now be only one sentiment of the fell mendaciousness of the Colonial Times. Again that journal admits—that the central focus of the Union will be a " small minority, with the powerful voice a majority"—that " the association will concentrate the vote of the whole community in itself—or rather in its committee." We know that this is true. The address puts forward the same consciousness of its vast power—it makes no secret of it—it exults in that consciousness, and well it may. The people's representatives will be wholly at its mercy. This controling power will be directed as is very distinctly set forth in the detailed pledges, for the people's very highest good. This people will certainly " obey" even the " imperious commands" of an Association, so patriotic, with far more alacrity than they would follow the insulting sneers, the selfish cupidity, the unfeeling barbarism of volunteer leaders, whose only claim for consi deration is in the multiplied wrongs and sorrows inflicted upon a cruelly injured people. With this Association, every man, however poor or "humble, whatever may be his caste or creed, whether in bonds or free, can make his wants known—can find protectors—can give his vote, aye, even he too can indicate irlio they arc, to whom should be intrusted the protection of his interests, the guidance of his destinies, and the disposal of the sweat of his humble, but manly brow. Thus however stringent may be his franchise—and we care not for its stringency—here an influence may be gathered, both of the qualified and unqualified, which, free from ensnaring demagogues on the one hand, or ravening aristocrats on the other, will put forth an irresistable might at once to command, possess, and contvoul. The Launceston Examiner apologise? for the infamy, in which the colony has been plunged. This infamy it now seems, is only an imagined one, inflicted on us, by strangers, in distant lands, who attribute this bad odour to us, in sheer igno- ' ranee, merely because it is a convict tolony—and no more ! This is the excuse of a journal* which has so prominently stood forth in the van, as one of the most toilsome enemies of the Unionists.— What! has the accusation which th» Launceston Exeminer blazoned over our heads, been forgotten,—namely : —"meriting the scorn, contempt, and abhorrence of the civilized world/" Or, have we forgotten the elaborat« puffs advertised in that journal— with the name of several gentlemen apended—levying the wages of infamy, to give a mercenary stimulant to Mr. JACKSON'S appetite for every species of contumelious insult ? No wonder that under such gilded sunshine, we hear this London Agent advertising to the whole world, by - means the best possible adapted for universal publicity, that" as a body, the population is the most depraved that everexisted,whose ideas,language, traditions, are all chiefly associated with crime"—(Mr. JACKSON'S letter to B. HAWES, ESQ , M. P., in the Colonial Times, 17th Oct. 134S.) • Mr. Jackson is not satisfied with this—in his letter to Lord Monteagle (June 26, 1848), he denounces the " unparalleled degradation " of Vaa Diemen's Land ! We see the Britannia attribute* these transient ebullitions, to the mere tumescence of the extemporaneous excitement of public meetings! What 1 . Is it the effervescence of rash ebullition, with such cold-blooded deliberation, to advertise in our journals, begging for sums of mbney, to goad on a man, at the other side of the globe, to hold up this Colony and population, to the whole world's loudest scorn, and then to receive back here those statements,—to pan* der to the cupidity of our Colonial press, by their republication at our very doors ? The Courier has lately enunciated against the Union, the following fiery menace—" We swear the peace against these incendiaries !" Read the Union's address, and • Mr. Jackson's and the Couriers tirades, and let the world then pro- . nounce sentence, which party is a spiteful cabal of ferocious incendiaries—or which a party of patriots, - putting forth their morally enlightened claims to be the regenerators of their adopted country. By the way—one sentiment tinges all the journals. There is a fulsome, sickening, pa^ rade of a present desire, to forget all classes and castes—and to hug one another, at last, in the deep affection of a forgettingand fraternal embrace ! To be sure! Every scheme must bs plied. They would fain desire to be in with the hounds, and after others have toiled the live-long day, ravenously to glut themselves over the spoil! The Union will not have it. Those dastards must be taught, by a very lengthened trial, their duties to society—their duties to theif poor fellow-men. A very lengthened season, indeed, must prove the safety of confiding to them any fraction of political power, of, in any way intrusting them with one iota of our people's interests. It must form one of the most cautious charges of the Union to fenca around their body a safe cordon—a most careful barrier. Such magnanimous spivits will essay to creep in> stealthil}', unawares, in some way or other! We should not be surprised if Mr. John Morgan, himself, may yet be disposed to enter another service —for many a one that amusing patriot has filled, aud from many a one, they say, he has been most ungraciously discharged ! Never mind— let us not even yet despair of seeing this veteran servant of the public, in a fit of one of his hysterical mono-. (Far ca;i:in:i:itio?i see G.'/t Puge.) mahias, running through the streets, rated a prime "recruiting serjeant," with a "yellow" cockade on his hat, beating up recruits for the Tasmaiiian Union ! Hurrah! for the Union! Our rabid old friend, after all, may after a while evidence wit in his inger, and enjoy profitable dignity under the Union's snug protecting shade! Again—all the journals denounce the atrocious attempt of making conriclum a test of crime—an indispensiblc band of fraternity. Who does not see the sophistical nollowness of such a deceptive device? The vast majority of the population of this Colony, do not profess to hide, skulkingly and hypocritically, under the mask of moral swindling, any of the circumstances, however in themselves painful, which have originally placed them in this Colony—at first intended, by law, as their exclusive possession. Whether in, or out, of Union, this fact remains in tact. If this fact were a disqualifying cause for any Association, so would it be for every situation of life—for trade, for religion, for all the purposes and courtesies of existence. Undoubtedly the 1 Union has enrolled, and will enrol, with the free, many such persons. .But what a startling lesson, does this attempted stigma of our enemies, teach us ? Why—it sounds a trumpet, which should turn out "very man in the Colony—free and bond—who loves this soil, who cares for humanity, and who glories in philanthropy, to swell the Union's ranks. Yes!—if it was a monstrous inhumanity to load once with woe, and insult, and obloquy, the wretched and helpless victims, who swelled the gain of their thankless fellow-men, as any other beasts of burden, by their sweat and bondage—what now must be thought of those most hateful men who raise the exclusive yell of " yelloio-jackets," and "conviction," when, in the God-like purpose of immortal beings, these very same grossly insulted men, in spite of the railing calumnies of their fellows, with minds enlightened by truth, and bosoms melted with sympathy for human sorrow, staud nobly and disinterestedly forward, to eSalt •virtue—to befriend the distressed— to elevate the social sj^stem—to raise the tone of morals—r-to promote charity—to protect industry—to shelter the oppressed—to educate the ignorant—and to dash aside whatever obstacles, which factious men may throw in the way, to develope the immense resources of an infant and .neglected country! It is just such castes and classes as these, the Union will annihilate. It is just such a state of things that so truly proves the imperious necessity of a Union, which may at once advance the material and protect the moral energies of our fellow-men. And in the mortal agonies of the antagonist system, we see the ruling passion now strong at work—the fierce antagonism of olden injury, falsehood, and oppression to passive forbearance, truth, and charity. 