THE AMERICAN SCHOOL MASTER'S COURTSHIP. Jeremiah Paul was a short personage, with a quick, I had almost said a spot fill little grey eye, a. bald head in L'Oste, and short stiff queue behind. He was a wonderful man to look at, and his best' ry was no less so the his [person. At one alarmed he weather till the s". elmas ter, of rare j etia!*o,'itf' fresh lean ed 9. Finest is said not a. day Liini'iur with Det. debts stitl'i.i^-i.cok and the suit" r, but also with 6 in (default 'mathematical pro i blew a as are of apprehended in the ei.' me. carry pritci|.|fs ot P k^'s an honesty It may be readily supposed the fish eli o ripe and red) scheme would not be suf- fern! to remain 1 n,; in obscurity. his takings were not of an order " to blush misten," rain recording), in his fortieth year, he was honoured with the office, and remained with the evil times as her training to so It's a divinity Mimi a Justice of the Earp. Bul secure gets.; ahead of our stay, and, with the rumours permission, we will go I k n (e visors, and introduce him to the use of Mr. Pain I. Sir to win an titled men that several areas, good-natured, handsome woman, who used to attend the roll on purpose, to use her own phrase, " to pilaster M aver Jem." A tiny, veil y, she was a plague ! She used to be' see in and out w here over she pleased ; she (directed her j", inked the trees of the . iris, and finally to such a pi oh did her audacity arrive, that she acted | resumed to lay him on the meet) pondered a race of the duties himself'. Jeremiah was leaning over his desk in a result in ultimate, Cauvarel m s prof it of matches iiHtii'ul calculation as; tc-lu,-tue prolific val if ( I tile til all' of' his late North's easy win this suit gc took place.. is Int.] mine is situated the subject ! . hull' and 73 dish it out ' claimed by are his and did live, 'in it was just t ii till peace' i s t chair ulm,; his lucubrations to the fragment of a site upon which Ino I eldest w s a thing, ." lies a vigorous jack at the lutely no; fitting in 91. pattern for a slur rd hill b li upright in an instant, and they Irish Li n n nay not um like that Let the v 'SA in her 1 which was (in one act of ha, ha it is die c grass au-. J remu li d in not awarding was his ixi'injiltrv in d church-going; ¡u'i',-ij;i'giie ; b'. I. s card evenings "iitLitll) blackened ' with a gas. of an inch, in his assail him and) much sitting!) room d at and the ill- apprised laughing at his disciples . avoid not a little to an tling in. I C White when she..' wore? I to) !" He could Rtticul fit no matter he was., j i,e<"!v chile it will passion. "That unruly girl there, who reached me so," s i I ii little riverside urchin with a dainty tea, J and h confronted the hair fell. out of ; but it was pi r", of and he is finding is, that it would much rather live under taken since arresting a Ins wine school 'date, than that of the ini'orri>,iiil off the 11 tjvii'Sit.iii. His outrage i g glance was not iv i I i k in which I would liners I am litigation to say whether. . di d--uiiiir«i or ii.ip.iilei.c» annual musical. s' I) t you're 'd'? with my que!'' Smillie do to be ; but the voice I round the skirt business was particularly i,-, k war J, " I-I- 'want to you suspense I was' with your q is? an I ii queer smile played d thrust her to try mouth I am a [pretty T'C has had and, what was worse, the 'ordinary fairness thought so. Jf-remi'iii saw that he was about to lose his authority hook his land at such of the rogues as were laughing im- moderately at their master's perplex y, a id reaching?; his, hand to his service, evil, Give me your hand, M as:" his best missive him as he ran Ke. The fair white hand was instantly preferred, and as gently too as that of 11 m dear bel is not a c t I 11 pure)', Jeremiah think it: it was a pretty; hand, a was.) pretty liHritl and then her face, which set tion failed Ledsam Mia peda-iO'-n-'s anger. He looked first at the hand, when at the face, so expressively a roll sh confidence ; then at his fearless rude, heavy instrument of torture, altogether notified. to hold Pimpinio ship with the soft fair hard 15 Id in their case before him. Never, in all the annuals of his birth 1 authority, had Jeremiah Paul experienced area per|>l'X.iy. He liked Its right liHiul two or three several times, and as often withdrew is, " You will not strike mi'" said the girl. There was an artless confidence in those we reds, and the tone in which they were uttered, that visit to the ht art if (he pedagogue. Like Mark Antony before the benulKul Cleopatra, or the fierce leader of the Voheii before his own Virginia, the dominic relented. " If I pardon you for the offence, will you conduct yourself more prudently in future ?" " I hope I shall," said the prudent young lady, and the master evinced his cfL*ctioni.t2 solicitude for the welfare of his pupil by pleasing the h and he is 13 imprisoned; and the fair owner expressed her gratitude for such condescension by returning the pressure. They were in tried just sit months afterwards. So much for beauty in school u¡sii;,l¡ne. Society on the Reform of Colonial G iVLRNMr:.T -The following prospectus has been issued by this new and most important asset!?! 1400 The general object of the society is to aid in obtaining for every dependency, which is a true colony of England, the real and sole management of all ]. cal means by the colo in itself, including the disposal of the waste lands uni Mrs- right to frame and alter its local constitution at pleasure. According to the 1 views of the society, this manner! or local independence, this entire relief of j distant colonies from the great evil of j be us g rich in local matters by a department of the Administer lion in London, instead of being incompatible with alle- j glance to the crown of England, 13 I really calculated to substitute for grow- a mg disafTectt in and for the present ! danger of 11 dismemb, final of the British empire, a loyal and devoted attachment on the part of the citizens towards the moth r country and also I to promote the advantage of both colonies and mother country, by removing the worst impediment and affording a new and powerful encouragement to colonisation proceeding from the United Kingdom. It will be a in an object of ! 1 the society 's endeavours to relieve the mother country from the whole system , for the local government of colonies, ' except only that of the theatre of the 1 colo:')' from aggression by foreign I powers at war with the empire. The means by which the society. will endeavour to accomplish its objects are, I first, an organised association in the United Kingdom of those who hold the above opinions, with a view to a ready I and constant preparation in process Bags in Parliament, as circumstances I may require; secondly, an organised , co-operation with the colonies. Every colony which desires to obtain the co our ration of this society, in order li) acute self-government 111 its local affairs, is invited to select an agent in Langland, who may he the organ of its wishes in accredited communication with the sum and in the me relate, the best arrangement possible to. t. m j primary crespo dealing with the colonies 1 will be limited they make." Among t the gentlemen who have already come sented to for iii 110 lost control are, the Hon. Francis Baring, M.P. chairs in, I the Lord Lyttleton, the Right Hon. M. Gibson, Sir Wm. Molesworth, Batt. M.P. J, Hume, Esq MP. Richard Cobden, Esq. M.P. and E. Uoisinau, j Esq. M P. I Mil. SvilS'lY Hhl.Ul.tir AMI Lord) STVNUoi'n on Pi man- Emicrvtion. Among the party s-. to whom the letter 1 of Mr Sydney Neil). 11, pictures ing the, subscription fond for female emigration was sent was tail stanhope. The noble Prolt f" John st lead, r has reached its 1111 thistle lonia ning no money, but a riot conditions to the 1 fleet " in', the circular ought to have been sent cm Inst ly to those who, in re mines with yourself have supported the syst 111 of Freetrade-, which is the irrational ian e of their destitution, and not to any of those who, like myself, have strenuously opposed H and are not be reponsible for Us consequences. There are innumerable other victims of Free Ira 'e, and in order to redress their grievances it is I. disprnsubly requisite to protect fully and effectually every branch of British industry against the competition of foreigners in the home mat Let, Your t obedient humble servant-Si'AMJOI'B."-Atlas. THE SCREW PROPELLER - On the 11th of February a question of considerable interest, in respect to steam navigation, was argued before the Judicial Commit- tee at the Privy Council- office, White- hall Lord Brougham, Campbell, and Langdale, Dr. Lushington and Mr Pem- berton Leigh being present. An appli- cation was made by Sir Frederick The- siger, on behalf of the patentees of the screw propeller, for an extension of their patent, which expires in May next. The evil June want to pray that no less than C 50,000 had been expended in building the Arthur fits, and in the tying offer a slight change to establish tin mt produced in principle and li further appeal d, that I'thot three in 38 than thirty) two ship- of war and one hundred mercantile Mt tin vessels d being constructed already upon this system, not more than two or lime hid j and for the present license those evasions had been occasioned by the conflicting claims of (five different profiteers, but, as these have now united in one association, it is expected that all who have adopted the use of the screw propeller will have room for their licences As the Admiralty was interested, either directly or cellar ally, in this question to in an amount of about i25,Oüd, Sir J )lm Team?, the Attorney Gener 1, assisted by Mr Crowder, QC open cost d The | fell ill" a fire i t extension of Mr I rink Pettit Smith's st team in, but after evil may Gip uns Lamprill and Co is]) a, K IS and Messrs Brunel -anlGalovay engine is, their lordships decided on granting an extension of five years to Mr. Sim his intent upon a stand j continuous", and this is now therefore a fair a prospect of li it g Rifleman and his supporters receiving in triton, if not the whole of the Items of; mt rays to which I they are unquestionably entitled QtMClvFRY VAD full ? HjTITIJsj INT (IE KlNITIISTH C ?MLli\\.- A shocking case of the death of a child has just occurred on the boat is of the I on st of Dean, in Glouci t j are, through the prevalence of quackery, superstition j nil ignorance S t i children of a i shoemaker named lity nts, living at Last Dean, v etc it all) together, when I our of Mum, Louisa aged four years, j lulled the longs, and s and a younger sis r w rub them I j the next , burning for seriously A J) onetime cation of' ' do or, linseed as it was t -ed, and the wounds went sailing, when two quail and Kin ss , trained very Melin gin! J i it is i a j r n and the party a tea. lit the child le m dur the r account Mtl'ing applied same of up and spread on cib b aged w s for two days, but this caused get it is (lantana ion, and then Yeman look tLi case in land, professing to have a miraculous power of cure by the pronouncing of a charm ' Accordingly I his sister, Ann Brandy, p existed a salve w! inch Yumali applied at the sir a man pronouncing the follows in impious that li' - F e. girls come out of the best , C t crus I to r (r ) ' lol Um, ball, at a Holy Ghost, The poor child grew worse, she sloughing and inflammation increased, but the infatuated j parents, believing in the supernatural powers of Yunnan, and putting mine is still in the 'chair,' ' still red thin oils, r ing to linger in for- ? tu j e for sale days linger, when the little creature did at the inquest the jury hesitated whether they should not return a yard ct of fans! daughter against a th nine women, Ycm n, Hi mile and Milling, but a as in d a special verdict', finding the three mile) ours has, and especially lemm, for persisting in her 'impious and prices j James church." The j r also be vim 1 Mr j are is of the poor child for their credulity and express d a hope that tins of fat ret overnight had to . disco instance of the system of quicker) while greatly prevails in the Port st Vi«,'»T.- Both the wine and blue vn let us of this flower is used by. perfumers for obtaining; their cel life 1st dour, which indi- this the of the master- tens of his, art The true smells g I our people ( r t ii of eight lives has i never been so rated, but the id ur ia' i oh anted m min i into it with states of 0 I as outlined in the pi nss fir I rose " 11 two rs of others, n m by by n) I s ration or r>ij!jitiiu/e, Just over a fair bed , and Mrs words by A hesitate till t son is 1st inns Lord d in more races in. A they let's odour is very delicate, it is just unusual for the as charterers to assist us tiger me by digesting monthly K'juiuI Iris o Orris out the fit body . j r or 11 itself in use d for the r fl urage t tin violt!,tl\tiB giving the latter in r.e j (at his. 'Th- 1rs or Orders test run is rest in des li colour of all let, and hence ' is just permit me re even used a car- is mon n id us a su is late for last ' Hour. All Twin, june spirit to stand over her and ii j for a few weeks is all that is is a estuary t ) extract the oil is p brous per acre' He ( a su ( Viiaciu 1 rent i i) . Ki rea' his tin violet, j i II In the | en. im rate 6 to I uri was and! is of the hills a rid ' 1 > » it de V M. I DlAM Mr DU.1 -III fitted Clips on . I til. world's one u to need a rest s in v in or Inputs of It runs -Í if.- is the , his hut between m ii I r and star L -A | bri racing in is the one) 'he is in a tin which is not it in the of is in the final not in it damsel month In future of thy in an air more than struck a tin Inn post -As will us a k decides hope than kind to hand, and expect no tumbling touch will allow us aspect, as of think to be area story from mouth to mouth literally and accurately and ted When hearts are filled will hold their- irons, md home is happy, then do the young drill in a thousand cattle, winds and) Mu n lined!) depraved would seek to quit, and across which board he, UmptaUoin to error shine out but feebly Eliza Cook's Journal. Hush TuiíArriiCALs.-In 1701, the, occurred a circumstance highly charm (critic of the manners of the time On St. Stephen's day (he galleries of li theatre, being in commonly crowd 'gave way and though no lives were lost, yet several were hurt in endeavour it!; 'to get out. As (has happened to I: the first night of performance: had a eli' Libertine, a play extremely loose, and improper for representation, it give occasion to the people to declare that the accident was a judgement in th sjie.-tittors for comes to see it. Nay, s for til J (hair extravagance carry them Mint u was even asserted by some that the candles burnt habits, and went on' that two or three times a dance" extraordinary, whom nobody knew, was seen that he had a cloven foot, He with many; other ridiculous stories. This circumstance however occasioned its not being I panoramic strewn for twenty years. I must must indeed be confessed, that the 1 this accident might is ever happened in a any other time, yet this place is of a nature so horrid, that it should never be brought before the public ; it has there fore, with great propriety, been laid ' aside for many years.- Dublin Univer ati/ Magazine. Recently the pupils of the first division of the idlers of Toolome rose in insurrection, drove away the masters and professors, and harrie led them a salve s so secure;' in the school room, that cases had to he employed to effect an entrance. The plan of this Ci allege exhorted the young men to return to their duty. but they refused unless certain exorbitant demands were seem plied with. It being impossible to make the concessions required, the young men were expelled the building, and it was truth notified to I Iii whole of them that they were dismissed. Kiaora Dem us - A negro preacher very recently selected the visit of Nico denies as the foundation of his observations, " My brethren," said he, " fire was in old times a great many preachers on de 'arth, who went about among the people. Many of them was white preachers, such ss Peter, James, and John. Dere was also a great many coloured preachers, and the greatest among dem al! was the Nigger. Dennis. New York Fussyjnzzy. Orthography. The following is a literal copy of a notice sent by a weaver to his landlady :- ' Maddtim I rich you to take Nor is that iT i hey a opportunity to shoot myself at Mart men. that iss the twenty third day of" November which will be in the yer of our Lord 1908 1 wil Rev your back Rumm as I want a front won-J-B-."-Durham Chronicle. BrNrpicns is Plurality. By a hill in the House of Commons, which was situated on the 8th February, it is |>ropt>sed that opinion! Persons shall not hold benefices in plurality, unless they are actually contiguous to each other, and the popular tion of the two shall not exceed COO. The act is not to affect benefices under £100, and not to apply to preferments to which persons are; admitted. The act is to apply to Ireland as well as England. 