AN ANTIDOTE TO THE MoUPHET VALE TUE0I.0GY. Gentelmen — Thos* who first supported opinions upon regeneration in baptism against the Church, werobu1 i f yesterday. 1 do nut mean that attempts had not been made -o urojmirate such teaching; at earlier periods ; but then faintly, an I at wide intervals, and witli small 8'-icess; each attempt serving only to strengthen and illustrate the truth. It was not until the sixteenth cen tury that rejection of it, as a doctrine, was at last established amidst the uproar which inevitably ac companied the Reformation ; « len there seemed for a time to be 'no judge in Israel,' and tho aim of each to be, by adopting or inventing some wild iheory or othc , to exceed his neighbours. Then at last the weakened and divided Church gave way. She co ild no longer repress, as of o'd, with the overwhelming con demuati »n of an acumenical council, he errors of her robellinus children ; and so they took r ot and quickly spread and strengthened, amidst tho ruins of fallen churches ; nourished and tended by great names, authorities of the time, on whom men fondly leaned. Of all the wild theories upon regeneration in baptism, which it has fallen to my lot to hear, Mr E Baker's elaborate dissertation (appearing in the couhnns of this day's JieffisUr) has proved the most extraordinary performance of that nature ; an 1 it shows that fantastic notions may bo invented by tho perverse cleverness of unassisted -t misdirected human intellect. Ignorance ami conceit are the foundation of all schism ; Mr Baker may not, thorefore, find it a hard matter to impose his unscriptural and pernicious theory upon the gullibility of the ignorant, the weak-minded, and the prejudiced; but amongst enlightened Christians, the open and deliberate advocacy of opinions which bring with them their fatal and most sure consequences ; a disparagement of truth ; a confusion of creeds ; barren recommendations of ?ome few moral duties agreed upon by most of us ; and vapid dissertations on certain articles of belief thought to be important, solely becauso uo man happens to dispute them, cau produce but one result — a fcelii'g of unmiti gated horror and loathing. I abstain from a particular refutation of the several parts of Mr Baker's theory. The ta%k of wading through so grievous a ma;k of ' worthless verbiage1' j(to adopt one of hU own expressions}! . I must confess, I re gard with very little luclinattou. I would rather expose his principal fallacies in a few general observations. I cannot forbear a few remarks for tho consideration of those (if any) who are accustomed to receive the teaching of so conceited and blind a guide. Can there bo anything more remote from orthodox than the following assertion contaiiied in his commu nication ? ' Baptism is a precept, not a doctrine. It takes (as all preceptive rules do) the imperative form.' The writer's meaning is not very clear, but nevertheless intelligible enough. I deny the truth of the assertion. Baptism is necessary cither ' necessitate medii,'' or 11 necessitate precepti.' Regarding the first of these, we rely upon the Scripture : ' Except a man be born of water and of the spirit, ho cannot enter into lho king dom of God.' Regarding the second, also upon the Scripture : ' Go yo therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them iu the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' Hence, thorefore, the Church of England carefully admonishes the people thus. ' Whereby' — (referring, that is, to the text just quoted, ' Except a man, &c.;' ) — ' Yo may perceive the great necessity of this sacrament, where it may be had.' And immediately afterwards we are reminded of the other text, 'Go ye into all the world, &c.;' This necessity, with respect to the re cipients of the sacrament, is binding upon all adults for both reasons : uot merely as it is tho only known means whereby wo might bo saved, and made members of the Christian Church ; but because of the command also. We baptize infants, by whom tho command that it should be received cannot be understood, on account of the first reason only. Our Church, iu this her admonition, has well relied upon tho texts to which she appeals. ' He that be lievcth and is baptized shall be saved/' It is impossible to draw any distinction here, between the two things required of us ; faith, aud baptism. There is tho same necessity of the one as of the other ; nor of tho one only, and not the other also. Aud faith at least, at all times, aud in some manner, has been allowed by all sects to be accessary to salva iou : therefore baptism is no less so. Again ; the same, our Blossed Lord, has said, 'Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God.' Iu which words there is no difference made, or allowed, between Jew or Gentile, bond or free, young or old, sex, quality or condition ; whether in the time of our Saviour only, or in all future years, but one expressed, broad rule laid down, including all mankind from that age for ever under its plain provisions. Hence we may perceive ' the great necessity of this Sacrament, where it may be had.' Necessary, not as a mode of testifying our belief in the promises of Christ ; nor as evidencing the sincerity of our repentance ; nor as a mere seal, upon the part of God, to the forgiveness of sins, and to the blessings of His grace, already bestowed. But necessary, as tho only known means by which our sin, whether actal or original, may be mystically washed away ; necessary as the only known means whereby, being (by nature and up to the very instant of our baptism) the children of wrath, we are made members of Christ, children of God, and inheritors of tho Kingdom of Heaven ; necessary, in short, as the only known means whereby we can be eared. So much for tho assertion that ' a doctrine of water-baptism is no where found in tho Sacred Scriptures, where baptism is a simple precept,' so unscrupulously made by this writer. There is a degree of recklessness almost unintelligible in the enquiry, contained in the same communication, 'Are any eternal promises ever made to stand uped water baptism ?' Undoubtedly, spiritual blessings accompany the due reception of the Sacrament of Holy Baptism— many in their 'number, abundant' in their privileges, mysterious in their working. They maybe summed up in the one grace and gift of God, commonlv spoken of as Regeneration. Regeneration ? may be denned to be, that act whereby God take* oat of our relation to Adam, nnd makes a* actual member* of His Son,;and.so His, sons,, as. being members of Huerer blossed Son.;. . and/if sons, then heirs of -God through ..Chri3t This is our new birth, an actual birth 'of God, of water and tho Spirit, as we were actually bora of our natural partis ; herfiia then abq ara wo justified, or both accounted »iu$ mute ri£0!-v-::e, sii.es *e were nirtiiu uirmlws of Him *hv- i- ahuis righteousness ; freed from sins y&t;, whether origir.al of actual ; have a iww principle imparted lo us, since having bt-en made members ot Chiist, we have a portion of His life, «-r of Him who isnurli'V? herein I w« have, nlso, iht- hope «»f the ircnrrociiim «uu im mortnlity, Ijccaust- we have been nrule partakers ot liii resuneiNion, have risea again with Him. Our one-lions about ftapikmal Hegenenition are Nicodemijs (jucs lions: *' tf-nv can ilu-se things be? ' We know it in its author, (rod} in its instrument, !-Hpiism ; in its end, salvation, nnion with Chris*, sonship to God, ''rrsur rectioii from the den !, and the life of the wnrld \o come.' We only know it not, where it daes not con cern us to know it, in the mode ol its operation. I have onlv to add, that ihe Chinch of CI;rist, in her imdevia* tin? enunciation of this vital truth, Baptismal Hegene ratiuii, ha3 ever grounded and maintained it upon ihefte two texts, especially :— ' Jtsus answered, Verily, verily, I sav unto tliee. Except a man he born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God:' and, ' According to His mercy He saved us, by the washing of regeneration., ninl ifuewi::^ 'J the iiyly Ghost.' , , .Mr Baker's* communication is repidc with rjl ];inds of .sophistical explanations, and deliberate assertions contrary and false, shewing a determination to call black white, and to uphold his own opinions at what ever risk to his; reputation for the common vi: toes of honesty and trmli. I am sorry 1 cannot, within the limits of this letter, deal more largely with his iwsei tions than 1 hav«sd'»ne. But I trust enough has beers said to cause the sinipip t» beware of such an instructor, lest, if they should foliov him, the blind lead the blind, and both fall together into jhe \»t. Permit me, Gentlemen, to impose upon your sense of fairness and impartiality by rfc7uestin«j the insertion of my lengthy comsmmiL-atian in M10 Jiegister. J havf the honour to by Your obedient scrva».'t» Ahtjum Maoisteb. Adelaide, February 7- 1 S50. - 