SYRIA. [From the Times, December 6th.] This interesting country, for so many years the scene of the most fierce and sanguinary feuds, has remained entirely tranquil throughout the political turmoil which has agitated almost every other part if Europe, and is rapidly advancing in civilisation nd commercial importance, both as an exporting nd importing country. Its consumption of Eng ish manufactures has immensely increased, as well a the export of its native productions. These tappy results have been in a great measure pro luced by the firm but conciliatory conduct of Co onel Rose, the British Consul -General in Syria. rhat his exertions in this respect ate appreciated -y the native population, as well as the English Derchants trading with Syria, is sufficiently proved -y the following address, presented to him on his eaving Beyrout — where be had resided eight years —on leave of absence to England : — ' We cannot allow the occasion of your depar ure for England, on leave of absence, to pass viihout availing ourselves of the appropriate op. loctunity it affords us of expressing to you the ligh sense which we entertain of the distinguished nanner in which you have fulfilled the duties of ler Majesty's Consul-General in Syria since you lave held that commission. We have the greatest satisfaction in recording our admiration of the sonduct you have displayed at various times when his country has been distracted by civil war ; in pour successful efforts, at great personal risk, to irrest bloodshed ; to rescue the fallen from certain lestruction ; to restore concord among contending parties; and to promote the welfare of all classes -f the community. With equal pleasure, we beg o convey to you our most sincere thanks for your inceasing and untiring zeal in the maintenance of -ur commercial and individual rights, the redress )f our wrongs, and the promotion of our interests. [n conclusion, allow us to wish you a prosperous tourney and a safe and speedy return.' The above address was presented to Col. Rose by a deputation, consisting of four of the (gentle men who signed it ; to which Colonel Rose gave ;he following reply : — ' Gentlemen — On such occasions as the present two sorts of language are used — the language of form, and the language of the heart. I can only use the latter — for, after so many years' inter change of good offices and feeling, our parting can never be the parting of form. You thank me for the protection of your rights; but the merit is not all mine — the larger share is due to yourselves. For you have never asked me to advocate an un just right ; never to cover with my authority any claim which you were not prepared to support in a tribunal of justice ; on the contrary, you have al ways asked for a just execution of the treaties and regulations relating to commerce, customs, and the currency. You have done more — you have obeyed them, and that when evasions of them were very easy, very general, and very profitable. Thus, in the advocacy of claims, it has often not been ne. cessary for me to appeal to treaty ; it has generally been enough to appeal in the name of British mer chants, who obeyed the Turkish laws, increased the Turkish revenue by a punctual payment of duties, and gave an admirable example in their own persons of respect for the laws, feelings, and usages of the country in which they live. The Turkish authorities and the inhabitants of all classes have done the fullest justice to this con. duct, and the name of a British merchant is in Syria what it is in all quarters of the globe, a symbol of intelligence, enterprise, and honour. You, Gentlemen, who do not belong to the mercantile body, have fully emulated their ho nourable proceeding*. You are pleased to allude in flattering terms to other duties which I have been called on to perform in Syria. The only merit that I claim in my subordinate capacity is, that I have faithfully obeyed the orders of her Majesty's Government, proverbial for its uncom promising justice and humanity. The consolida tion of the Sultan's authority, and the peace of Syria, are the results of the events of 1840, and of a policy as disinterested as it was wise. Your good feeling towards myself induces you to paint in too bright colours the aid which which 1 have given at times to misfortune and suffering hu manity. But I have endeavoured to do my duty by one of the first precepts in the catechism of British sailors and soldiers — humanity. In con clusion, Gentlemen, I thank you with all the sin cerity of an Englishman for the unvaried kindness and confidence of eight years. I thank you as sincerely for your most generous approval, the farewell token of your esteem ; but more than all, aud beyond all, 1 tbank you collectively and indi vidually for the credit you have invariably done the British name." QUACKERY AND SUPERSTITION IN THE NINETEENTH CENTURY. — A shocking case of the death of a child has just occurred on the borders of the Forest of Dean; in Gloucestershire, through the prevalence of quackery, su perstition, and ignorance. Some children of a shoemaker, named Hayue?, living at East Dean, were at play together when one of them. Louisa, aged four years, heated the tongs, and seized a youoger sister with them by the neck, bupniog her seriously. A proper application of flour, linseed oil, &c; , was u^ed, and the wound* were healing when two quack doctressee, naned Mrs Meiling and Jane Yeman, persuaded the parents to let the child be uuder their treatment. Melliog applied tome ointment spread 00 cahl age leaves for two days, but this caused great inflammation, and then Yeman look the case in hand, professing to have a miraculous power of cure by the pronouncing of a ''charm.' Accordingly, her sister, Ann Bradley, prepared a salve, which Yeman applied, at the tame time pronouncing the following impious 'charm:'— "Three angels came out of the whost — One cries fire, another frost, To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." The poor child grew worse, the sloughing and inflama- tion increased ; but the infatuated parents, believing; in the supernatural powers of Yeman, and putting implicit faith in the "charm," suffered their offspring to linger in torture for five days longer, when the little creature died. At the inquest the jury hesitated whether they should not return a verdict of manslaughter against the three women, Yeman, Bradley, and Melling, but returned a special verdict, finding all three guilty of rashness, and especially Yeman, for persisting in her "impious and presumtunus charm," The jury also blamed the parents of the poor child for their credulity, and expressed a hope that this occurrence might lead to a discontinuance of the system of quackery which greatly prevails in the Forest. MAN'S GRADUAL DECAY. —"In what respect am I different to-day from what I was yesterday — the day be fore — last week — last inoctb— last year P' The differ ence is indeed slight between the periods of intellectual vigour, when contemplated in this form, piecemeal and in succession. It is with the mind of nun as with his poor, perishable frame. At what particular moment is the hair tinged with errey — the brow seamed with far rows? We cannot tell. One year completes the ehange which another had begun and oilier* bad continued* The ivy creeps over the ruin, though we lake no account of the gradual spreading 'of the lively of decay. The EgvplMn correspondent of a London paper note*, as a sign of the spread of European fashions io the east, that a wealthy Mahommedan merchant of Alexandria lately sent to some European, ladies and gentlemen printed cards of Invitation to a religious festival held I in bis house. 