''CONFESSION OF ArMURDBR,. ; ? It has very recently been made-known that John Baguley, aged 70j who died at Chilwell, four hi il.es south of Nottingham, on the 1 6th ultimo, confessed on his death bed that, twenty-three years ago, he mur dered a hawker of shawls, blankets, &c;, and dbposedbf the body This announce ment has caused the greatest possible ex citement. From a preliminary investiga tion, it seems that at. the time stated an in dividual, whose name is not now known, but whose description accords with that given by Baguley, suddenly disappeared, and all that could be learned, respecting him was that when last seen he was proceeding in the direction of Baguley 's cottage. This dtid other incidents led to a suspicion that, the Baguley's h*d made away with the mis ? sing man, which suspicion subsequent cir cumstances revived from time to time. At the perioiof- his sudden disappearance, the murdered man professed to be courting one of Baguley's daughters, and, as he was known to be in possession of a considerable sum of money, he was looked upon as being a rather desirable suitor, especially as the Biguley's were known to be very poor. The hawker had not been missing more than twelve months, however, before their cir cumstances began to improve, and, from the condition of a poverty- stricken labourer, Baguley became suddenly advanced to that of a comfortable cottager, with a number of pigs in his stye. This sudden improvement was coupled by the neighbours with the hawker's disappearance, and ever since the Baguleys have been looked upon with dis trust. Two sons still living at Chilwell, and another residing at a distance, are sup posed to have been cognizant of the foul transaction, although at tha time of its oc currence they w^re very young; and that Baguley *s first wife was is certain, for when ever she quarrelled with her husband, as she frequently did, she was in the habit of putting a stop to the violence of his tem per by saying — ' Be quiet, John ; you know I have your coat-of-arms up stairs,' — alluding to some bloody clothes that were supposed to be kept in a lodging room, This first Mrs. Baguley died five or six years ago, and said, a short time previously that she had so-rjethin^ on her mind which she should like to reveal ; .but this coming to her husband's knowledge, he never after wards would allow a stranger to go to her room. The present Mrs. Baguley. now the widow of the murderer, was married to him tibout three years ago. since which time she says his conduct has been very strange. In his sleep frequently he would jump up in a state of great excitement, and exclaim tint Borne one was about to seize him. The day before he died he said to her,' the pick that I did it with is in the dyke' ; and other revelations followed, which have not yet been made public. It is a singular fact that the cottage in which the murder is said to have been committed has never since been occupied for any length of time, and in it periodically strange nocturnal noises are said to be heard. ' The Chilwell ghost,' and tales respecting ' the haunted house at Chilwell,' have during the last 20 years dismayed many thousands of persons re- ' siding within a circle of 150 miles of the locality, and formed many an exciting theme in the local newspapers. The whole of the above circumstances have been made known to Mr. T B. Charlton, the local magistsate, and will, no doubt, be fully and officially investigated.— Times. Disastrous Effects of a Boiler Ex plosion.— The New York papers are much crowded with details of a terrible boiler explosion, which has caused a loss of more than sixty lives. The boiler of the steam engine (200 horse power) in the printing press and machine shop of Mr. Alvah B. j Taylor, in Hague -street, blew up on the 5th instant, and totally demolished the large building which it supplied with motive power. The house was very large — six stories high, and massively built ; but such was the enormous force of the explosion, that eye witnesses say the whole pile was lifted from its foundation several feet into the air ; it then seemed to swell, gently but suddenly, and when it fell it crumbled into a heap of small fragments, which was almost instantly in a blaze of fire. The noiee was astounding: the whole city rushed to the scene, and in a short time the exertions made to extinguish the flames were so far successful that a search of the buried work men began! It was learned that many more than a hundred persons had been in the building, and it seemed that every one of these must have been struck dead, or been burned to death. In a short time, however, many were found Dear to the surface of the luins, still alive. The bravery of the firemen and the magnanimous endurance of many of. the sufferers, are the subjects of striking episodes, v While the charred ruins were constantly fanned by the wind into fresh combustion, the cold was so, severe that the W'ViteV'7r6ze'evefy.w.hVfe':86ba':BYfer1-it-1e'ft:the engines, 'so that the. torments of those im prisoned in the' ruins were ' varied between burning, and freezing, nrid drnwnirijj; Two or three cases literally illustrated these hor rible vicissitudas of suffering. In one of the engine cellars some boys and a man were j im ned down bypieces of the machinery ; they remained alive a long time, urging the firemen to sava their lives, and being, in turn, encouraged to bear up ; but all, except ing one boy of fifteen, died before the last obstructions to their re noval c.mM be raised. This hoy was imprisoned twenty hour9 by an iron bar across his chest, which prevented him from stirring more than one arm, while the fl-unes were only kept off by the water of the firemen. He conversed in. a most courageous spirit for many hours; related how tbe others were gradually dying off. around hion, and sent messages of affection to his mother, who w.is kept from the spot. At last his spirit sank, and he prayed to be dragged out without his leg. He was, however, got out without loss of Hub ; but his head, hand, and the lower side of his hody were much burned, and it was only ?' hop3d ' he would recover. At the latest moment nearly a score of deal bodies had been removed, and some fifty were still mis sing ; about sixty of those saved had been badly burned or maimed.— Weekly Chronicle. Thr German Empirk.— The Erfurt Par liament has assembled, and a new move has been made in the. cunning and complicated \--ame which the King of Prussia is playing for the Emperorship of Germany. The original enthusiasm of the German people, for the more c -m|-lete union of the various petty states of the Confederation, seems to have died away, or, at least, to have very considerably cooled down. It does not even appear that the King of Prussia is very warmly supported by his own subjects, in his atiernpt to annex Hanover, Saxony, Wurtemburg. Bavaria, He^se, and the vari ous duchies and grand duchies of Germany to the dominions of the house of Hohenzol. lern, and to make of these various kings and dukes his peers and senators. However, he has entered upon his career ; he has pledged his word to go on, and he has al ready proceeded too far to draw back with credit. What the result can be, unless it be civil war, is difficult to imagine. The ' four kings,' namely those of Hanover, S.ixony, Wurtemburg, and Bavaria, have joined the Emperor of Austria in resistance to his project, which they consider to be one intended for the aggrandizement of Prussia, and having no other objact. Th ir resist ance, which is at present confined to words, will very likelv take another shape as soon as the Erfurt Parliament shall give the st£ nul by any attack on their individual righ's as independent sovereigns. Austria once threatened that she would treat the mere assembling of. this Parliament as a casus belli. She has, since that period, consented to lower her tone in some degree ; but she is evidently determined, at the proper mo ment, to oppose herself with her whole strength,* and that of the four Kings, her allies, to the scheme of the house of Hohen znllerrt. Whatever may he the ultimate re sult as regards the interesting question of the unity of Germany, the chances of the King of Prussia's success to attain the ob ject of bis ambition do not appear very brilliant. — Illustrated London News. Capture of Judge Jeffrey's — A scrive ner who lived at Wapping, and whose trade was to furnish the seafaring men there with money at high interest had some time be fore lost a sum on bottomry. The debtor applied to equity for relief against his own bond ; and the case came before Jeffreys. The counsel for the borrower having little else to say, said the lender was a trimmer. The Chancellor instantly fired. ' A trim mer ! where is he1? Let me see him. I have heard of that kind of monster— what is it made like '?' The unfortunate creditor was forced to stand forth. The Chancellor glared fiercely on him, and sent him away half dead with f.ight. * While I live, the poor man said, as he tottered out of court, ' I shall never forget that terrible counte nance.' And now the day of retribution bad arrived The trimmer was walking through Wapping, when he saw a well-known face look out of the window of an ale-house He could not be deceived. The eyebrows indeed, had been shaved away; The dress was that of a common sailor from New castle, and was black with coal-dust ; but there was no mistaking the savage eye and mouth of Jeffreys. The alarm was given. In a moment the house was surrounded by hundreds of people shaking bludgeons, and bellowing curses. The fugitive's life was saved by a couple of train bands ; and he was carried before the Lord Mayor (Sir John Chapman). When the great man at whose frown, a few days before, the whole kingdom had trembled, was dragged into the Justice room, begrimed with ashes, half dead with fright, and followed. by a raging multitude, the agitation of the unfortunate Mayor rose to a ''great' height; 'A[. lie' fell into fits and was ' carried to his bed-, whence he never rose. Meanwhile- the throng ?'? was constantly becoming more numerous and 'more savage. Jeffreys begged' to be sent to prison. An order to; that effect 'was pro cured, from the lords' who were sitting at White Tower. Two regime tits of m-litia were drawn out to escort him, uhd found this duty a difficult one. It was repeatedly necessary for them to form, as if for the purpose of repelling a charge of cavalry, and to present a forest of pikes to the mob. The thousands who were disappointed of their revenge pursued the coach, with howls of rage, to the gate of the Tower, brandish ing cudgels, and holding up halters full in the : prisoners' view. The wretched man ^ meantime, was in convulsions of terror. He wrung his hands, he looked wildly out. sometimes at one window, sometimes at the other, and was heard above the tumult, crying. ' Keep them off, gentlemen ! For God's sake keep them off!' At length, having suffered far more than the bitterness of -death, he was safely lodged in the for tress, where some of his most illustrious victims had passed their list days, and where his own life was destined to close in igno miny and horror. — Macaulay's History of England. ? Romance in Reality. — I am no teller of stories, but there is one belonging to Burl-?igh House,. of which I happened to know some of the particulars. The late Earl of Exeter had been divorced from his first wife, a woman of fashion and of some what more gaiety of manners than ?'? lords who love their ladies like.' He determined to seek out a second wife in an humbler sphere, and that -she should be one who, having no knowledge of his rank, should love him for himself alone. For this purpose, he went and settled incognito (under the name of Mr, Jones) at HoJnet, an obscure village in Shropshire. He made overtures to one or two damsels in the neighbour hood, but they were too knowing to be ta ken in by him. His manners were not boorish, his mode of life was retired and at last he returned to Miss Hoggins, the eldest daughter of a small farmer, at whose house he lodged. Miss Hoggins, it seems, had not been used to romp with the clowns ; there was something in the manners of their quiet, but eccentric, guest which she liked. As he found he had inspired her with that kind ^ of regard which he wished for. he made: honourable proposals to her, and at the end of some months they were manied, without his letting her know who he was. They set off in a post-chase from her fa ther's house, and travell'd homeward across the country. In this manner they arrived ar Stamford, and passed through the town without stopping, till they came to the en trance of Bnrleigh Park, which is on the outside of it. The gates fiew open, the chaise entered, and drove up the long ave nue of trees that leads to the front of this fine old mansion. As they drew near to it, and she seemed a little surprised where they were going, he said, 'Well, my dear, this is'Barleigh House; it ns the home I have promised to bring you to, and you ure the Countess of Exeter !' It is said that the shock of the discovery was too much for the young creature, and that she never re covered it. It was a sensation worth dying for. Ye Thousand and One Tales of the Arabian Nights' Entertainments, hide your diminished heads ! I never wish to have been a lord but when I think of this story. —Hazlit's Criticisms on Art. , Outrages by the Blacks. — Last Saturday afternoon a brickmaker's labourer named Charles Powers was going home from Brisbane, when, between Mr. Petrie's house and the brick- kilns, he met four blacks, two of whom he knew as ' Paul Paul' and ' Jacky.' . They asked him for some tobacco, which he. gave them, after which they fell upon him and robbed him of twelve shillings in silver, two knives, a Jew's harp, and some tobacco, and then 'ran away. Subsequently Powers saw Paul Piiul, who restored the Jew's harp, and point ted out a man named Charles Qualtrough, to whom he had sold one of the knives ' for a glass.' This man returned tho knife to Powers on payment of threepence, and constable Conrby took Paul Paul nto custody. The facts were proved in evidence! at the Police Office, and the prisoner was commit ted for trial yesterday. He denied his own share in the robbery, but stated that the other three blacks had committed the offence. — The Customs boat re turned, from the bay without discovering the boat or property plundered from the sawyers Hughes and Smith, as reported ia our last. Thp tracks of the blacks, with shoes on, were found at Cabbago tree Creek and on Bribe's Island, and at the latter place part of the sail of Gray's boat was found. The men Smith and Hughes returned from thj'eir expedition equally unsuccessful. They saw some blacks on the beach, dressed in white men's clothes, and these natives beckoned the men to land, but being alone (in a boat of their own, and not in tho Customs boat as we had reported in error ,J they declined. A nortli-eastarly wind having set in, the raft of timber belonging- to these poor men has been completely brokvn up and dispersed. — More- ton Bay Courier, ' ' 