MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. The Prefect of Policc has forbidden tlie continuance of asspmblages at .the, columnof July. The soldiers who acted as a delegation are en id to have so excited the nnge/. of their comrades that they, had to be.protected from injury. The Umperor of llassia has issued a ukas, datcil February 23rd, commanding that a 'general census of tlie population throughout the whole of tbe empire, with the exception of the Circassian provinces, shall take place this year. One of the experimental balloons from the Admiralty, dropped near the Union Workhouse, Bishop's Storcford, and after being exhibited in the Literary Institution for a few hours, was sent to London by the last train. The diet of Saxc Coburg Gotha was opened on the 2nd of March, and the miuistry announced its adhesion to the treaty of the 26th May, (that for the establishment of a restricted-federal state) The report that the Russians intend again to occupy Hungary daily gains ground, especially as large convoys of provisions were passing through Lemberg from Russia towards the Hungarian frontiers. Failures abroad, especially in connection with the corn trade, nre still occuring, and several are advised in their accounts from Belgium. A firm in the oil and colour trade nt Brussels has also suspend, cd, and with the liabilities to the large amount of l,300,000f. It is the intention of the mill-owners of Hindlev to make an advance of 10 per cent, ou the wages of all the factory hands in their employ. The prince of Prussia has bestowed a pension on the postilion who was wounded by the shot fired nt his royal highncss's carriage in June last. The village of Argut-Dessut (Ariege) was destroyed by fire a few days since. The inhabitants have lost all their cattle, linen, provision of grain, &c.; Oat of 115 houses, of which the village was composed, 103, and the churches, were burnt. We regret to announce the death of Mr. Thomas Halifax, of the baukinghouse of Glyn, Halifax, Mills, and Co. j Mr. Halifax was 77 years of age, and ' had been a partner in the firm more than j half a century. flie estimate required for completing tlie New jjouse 0f Commons, the libraicSi approaches from Westminster Hall, &c; _ 1)RS j,eeu returned by Mr. Barry at j80 The Noblemen and Gintlemen's Catch Club—established iu 1762 — resmed its wdekly meetings on the 5th of March. The Admiralty having decided that the amount to be paid for fa:Lory wages at the two great naval establishments this year, shall not exceed 75,00Ji. Of this sum, £15,030 is to be allowed to Woolwhich, and 2,003/ for Portsmouth. After a lapseof nine years, Divine service was about to be daily resumed in Hereford Cathedral. Prepara- tions were going on in the nave for that'purpose,and completed in March. AFFI KM ATIONS.—The Bill brought in by Mr. Wood, Mr. Bouverc, and Sir E. Buxton,' to enable persons who refuse, on religious grounds, to be sworn, to substitute an affirmation for an oath,' lias been printed. By Sections 2 and 3 it is roposed to be enacted that persons mayppear before the clerk of the peace or he sheriff's clerk, or in the Colouies, efore a special officer appointed for that urpose, and make a declaration of their bjection, on religious grounds,to an oath, nd that on payment of 2s. Od. they are o' receive a certificate, the production f which shall absolve them from the necessity of taking an oath when so required. ACCIDENT FROM FIRE AT MODR- FIELDS CHAPEL.—On Holy Thursday evening this well-known place of Roman Catholic worship narrowly escaped being destroyed by fire, some artificial flo\yers used in the decoration of the' alter repose' having accidentally caught fire from the candles with which it was almost surrounded, in consequence of the draught from an adjacent door. Owing to the presence of mind, however, of the officiating clergymen, tbe fire was happily extinguished without any material injury being done. REBUILDING OF THE TEMPLE o t JERUSALEM.—It is stated in tbe Beriner Allgemeine Kirchen Zeitung, that the Jews have obtained a firman of the Porte, granting them permission \- - ~ - , , 7- Tilfl bui d a temple on Mount Zion. Ti e projected edifice is to equal Solomon s temple >n magnificence. Millions (?) of money are said to have been collected for thlg pUrp0se ,n America alone. The very reverend the .Dean of Westinster, we extremely regret to state, till continues very indisposed at Islip, ear Oxford, and that little or no change or the better has taken place in the doctor's health.- We regret to have to annouuee' the ailure of an influential broker on the tock Exchange. The liabilities and full articulars are not known. The failure of Mr. John Crosthwaite, f Liverpool, formerly a director of the reat Western Railway, was announced u the City. The liabilities are said to be considerable. Lady Brougham's soiree, was attended by upwards of one hundred fasionables. The Lady Adeliza Norman was safely delivered of a son, at Melton Mowbray. Her ladyship and the infant, we are glad to learn, arc progresingl most favourably. The Cologne Gazette says that great preparations are being made nt Trieste for the expected visit of. the Emperor early in the spring. The civic authorities have voted 50,000 florins towards this object. Her Majesty and Prince Albert have forwarded the munificent donation of one hundred guineas in aid of the funds for tbe erection of the intended new hospital for diseases of the chest, at VictoriaPark. The Netherlands bride of the Crown Prince of Sweden, who is to bring a dowry of 30,000,000of florins, is expected at Stockholm in June. Her Royal Highness is employing the interim in studying the Swedish language, under Professor Olde. The brother of the reigning Dulce of Mecklenburg Scliwerin, who is now in the Prussian body Guards, is, according to report, about to enter the Russian service, and to be united in mnrriage with the onlv daughter of the late Grand Duke Michael of Russia, the Graud Duchess Catherine. We understand that Mr. Laurie has resigned the office of City Pleader, and that since his resignation, Mr. Lock, one of the pleaders, has become a caudidatc for the office of Judge of the Sheriff's and Small Debts Court. Lieut. General Sir John Forster Fitzerald, K.C.B., removed from the Colonelcy of the G2ud Regiment, to be Colonel of the 18th Royal Irish Regiment. Mnjor General James Fcrgusson succeeds Sir John Fitzgerald as Colonel of the 62nd Regiment. The Monileiir announces that the loan of 20,000,000f., contracted through the medium of the National Discount-office of Paris, for the liquidation of the private debts of the Orleans family, has been completed. Tile provisional debentures were issued. The Na.tian.ale publishes a letter from Sergeant Boichct, dated from the canton of Lucerne, on the 0th April, in which he assumes the respousibility of having written the address to the French army for which he has been removed from the frontier to the interior of Switzerland. The departure of 40,000 men called into activity by the decree of the President of the Republic, dated the 22nd of February, took place on the 20th March. A letter from Foix, states that the lection of General Palet, the constitufor"the"' department of he Arncge, is certain, the socialists are divided, but even if united they could not succeed against General Palet. m, , . ? „ ,, -IT/. The brig of war, Panihere, sailed Irom l'Orien on the 4th April for La Plata. A letter from Lyons, states that M. de p „ l . , 1 *l,rm,rrl, that cl ritv Falloux nail passed througli tnat t ) on the 8th March coming Irom IN Ice. M. Marc Dufraisee, representative of ii . , • , , i,„ (i,„ the people, lias just been tried ''J" ^ Court of Assize ol the liauti- \ ienne lor the publication of seditious articles in a newspaper. He was acquitted by the jury. r 1 1 X , c v General Caron, Governor-General ot: lgeria, arrived at Marseilles on the 7th of March, on board the Labador. | . , . . , ... . • c •)., Admiral Baudm arrived, w.th his family , at Montpelier on the 6th March. j The Brussels Ilerald states that " A force house at Stettin has suspended 1 . .. ..... ' payments; the liabilities are consider- able." A number of other failures arc announced as having taken place at Hambur", resulting from unfortunate specu- , . j cc latiDiis in corn and cottee. The Baden Government has announced its intention of no longer contributing to the expenses of the Prussian ' nrmy cfi L 1\. , , . . t . ' occupation, declaring that Austria was, prepared to maintain at her own cost the peace and tranquillity of tlie Graud n I ml n 1-1 The Prussian Government has come to the determination immediately to recal; all its troops from Schleswig. We regret to learn thct the Lord 6 • a- • r .1, /- Chancellor is suffering from an attack ot influenza. There is now living at Britannia Gnr- 1 gardens, Brown-street, Edge ware-road, » , ' . ™ ; ' , ^ .. . J a widow, named Flarty, who has attained the great age of 100 years. It is rumoured that it is the intention of the Government to decline renewing the charter of this East India Company, upon ainy terms, short of the maintaining to themselves ilie full, ahsaiute, sole,'and uncontrolled functions'of government.. It is intended to erect at Kingston Harbour, Dublin, a magnificent structure, for useful and ornamental purposes, to b.e called the Royal Victoria Tower, to commemorate the visit of her Majesty to that city. Tlie design of Mr. II. It. Russell, C. E., has been accepted, and £5,000 the estimated amount, is to be raised by voluntary contributions. The Breslau Gazette of April 9 stales that according to letters received from Agram of the 5th, the rebels of 1 urkish Croatia had taken the fortress or Bchar and driven the Turks from the whole of NUNS IN CAMBRIDGE.—Aftera space of more than 300 years, nuns are again stationed in the University town of Cambridge. Oil Monday, March 11 th, the schools of the Romnn Catholic Mission were reopened, under thesupcrintendenee of two nuns of the order of the Infant Jesus, from the convcnt of Northampton. On the Wednesday following, (March 13th,) Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Thomas Quinlivan, the pastor, for the special invocation of tbe Holy Ghost oh the labours of the Sisters, after which the cliil Jren went iu procession to the schools. —Cambridge Chronicle. A CLERGYMAN ELECTING IIIMSEI.F CHURCHWARDEN,—Ala meetin?, held in the vestry of the parish of St. Giles, in the citv of Durham, on Tuesday, to appoint officers for the parish for the ensuing year, the Reverend Francis Thompson, inenmbent, in the chair, the Chairman stated, th t ns he had the power to nominate a churchwarden by law, and that ns he had never been able to appoint one that gave him satisfaction in the discharge of the duties of the office he would nominate and elect himself. Tha meeting protested against his appointment as being inconsistent with his other duties to the parish, and nominated two inhabitants to fill the officc. The Rev. Chairman would only put one of the persons nominated to the choics of the meeting, and the other as nn amendment. The pnrishoners insisted on electing both, if the Chairman refused to appoint a parishioner as usual. Tlie Chairman stated that he would only return himself, aud a Mr. Joseph Dawson, who had a majority of votes, at the next visitation as elected, A scene of confusion ensued, and the parishioners left the vestry in a body, declaring that such conduct "of the Chairman was tantamount to closing the doors of the church. 