MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. THE COAL-FIELD OF NORTHUMBER- LAND AND DURHAM- WHAT A MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. THE COAL-FIELD OF NORTHUMBERLAND AND DURHAM—WHAT A COAL PIT IS. From a Special Correspondent of the Morning Chronicle.) The traveller who enters the coal country from the manufacturing districts will be struck by the complete ohange of features presented to him I have, in the opening letter of this series, sketched the first glances which a rail- way passenger catches of the cotton country. Let me try, in a few rapid words, to describe the prima facie aspect of the great northern coal region. And first, the visitor will be struck by the comparative paucity of towns The tendency of textile industry is always to the accumulation of human dwellings. The tall chimneys love to rise in clusters, and every few miles along the line of rail the train passes within gunshot of groups of huge factories, strung together by closely-built rows of mean cottages. But in the coal district the case is different. In traversing that undulating region the spectator will cast his eyes over vast ranges of country, of peculiarly soft and wavy outline, dotted with those buildings and scaffold appa- ratus which denote that beneath each of them a mino shift sinks into the earth, but totally unmarked by that luxuriant crop of towns winch the power-loom has called into being. The collier-population is scattered because the pits are scattered. Millowners may be next door neighbours, but when we recollect that the underground corridors of a mine may extend miles and miles from the bottom of the shaft, it is evident that the coal adventururs must give each other ample elbow room. "pit row" of cottages, therefore, situated near each shaft, affords accommodation for the population whose daily duty calls them to descend it. Far and near, on slope and hollow, their usually dumpy chimneys hardly peering above black piles of small coal and massive scaffoldings are to be seen the erections characteristic of the region, and telling of the swart labour carried on hundreds of fathoms beneath our feet. The country showe little of life upon its surface. The soil is cold and clayey- and trees and hedges, if not stunted, are not luxuriant. The visitor will not fail to observe the net of small, rude, black railways, powdered with coal dust, which overlays the whole country- each line stretching away in the direction of a pit hcip, and dotted here and there with a convoy of coal waggons, drawn sometimes by horse sometimes by steam power , speeding from the pit to the shipping place, at some "staith" which runs into the waters of the Tyne, tho Wear, or the Tees The gushes of steam from the engine-house, and the Bm<>ke from furnaces burning in tho pit and at the surface, tells us that the mines are in full work beneath, while the stranaer will observe a characteristic feature in the hill of small coal which surrounds each work, and the scores of tons of which are blazing away unregarded - the oxygen of the air acting upon certain gases distilled from the crumb- j ling, earthly looking mineral, and thus causing its spontaneous combu«tion. This catastrophe is rather encouraged than checked by the coal owners-seeing that, with the exception of comparatively rare case3, small coal is of little value, and that it is very desirable to keep down the eue of the pit heap. Such, then, being the general characteri-tics of a coal digging country, we will proceed at once to one of the pits, and minutely examine it both above and below ground. Following a road, very often ankle deep in coal mud-pass, ing strings of carts laden with mineral, and driven bj men with well- besmirched faces, we come to the rising ground, formed in the first instance of the contents of the shaft, added to by the small coal accumulations of v ears, and always known as tho " pit heap." Scattered round this, upon the waste ground at the bottom, are frequently dusters of mean houses, stables, store-keeping places and such like. The eye at one catches the grimy bulk of the engine-house, with its hot »team gushes and clank of working mechanism On the summit of the heap there rise those massive pieces of scaffolding which I have already alluded to. Look to their highest points, and you will observe two wheels, of some eight feet in diameter, set vertically, and round ?which run ropes or chains, one rising as the other sinks i hese are the cords to which we shall have presently to trust ourselves m des- cending into the bowels of the earth. We proceed to notice things moro minutely, as-by means, generally, of a slippery ladder-we mount to the summit of the heap. We usually bad that it is partially roofed in, An irregu Utly built covering stretches, at divers levels above us, supported by posts and pillars There is a great bustle and shouting and hur- rying to and fro of full and empty tubs ot coal, running upon small iron wheels. Looking over a stout railing upon a lower level beneath, we see great screens or oblong iron gratings, stretching at obtuse angles downwards from the stone paved flooring on which we stand , while beneath them again, upon a rude uneven railway, stand s row of waggons. Everywhere upon the lower levels¡, aro masses of small coal and coal dust, ra which men are shovelling and digging assiduously-Bome filling carts, some distributing equally the constantly nccuinu lating heap. In corners, horses and carts stand upon the straw littered earth. As we watch the proceedings on the upper platform, we see strong hardy fellows with great flannel jaekets and leathern defences for the thighs, hurrying the wheeled square tubs along the clattering pivement to the brink Here the tub tilts over, being only kept from going bodily down by a strong wooden rail against which it falls, upoetting, however, wi»h the shoek, its cargo into one of the sloping screens beneath, through which the dust and coals disappear, while the "knobbly" bits Blide down into the waggons prepared to re- ceive them Nothing can be more admirable than the dexterity and strength with which the "bankbrnan' trundles his tubs along the platform, dishes their contents out in an mstant, rights them again with a sudden jerk, and then bj a dextrous twist senda thom spin- ning back in the direction whence they came. We follow, and perhaps start back from two dark and oblong pits like black graves, yawning in the strong wooden floor which extends at this part of the platform We are in fact standing over the mouth of the shaft, which of course is circular in shape, but which is always divided by strong wooden partitions reaching from the top to tho bottom, into square or oblong compirtments of smaller or greater size (according to circumstances which I shall speedily explain), and down which the "cage" containing the tubs slides, steadied by grooved passages, to the bottom of the mine. When we nrst catch sight of the openings the tubs are probably passing each other half way down the shaft-one set coming up full, the other going down empty. The two ropes are of course spinning past us-one rising from, the other descending, the black abyss. By the edge of what will be the descending shaft in the next trip, stands one of the banksmen in his flannel dress,close to the empty tubs, which it will be his duty to deposit in the cage as soon as a colleague has extricated the full ones. At the edge to the non-ascending compartment stands another man, dressed in the usual flannel cos- tume, holding in his hand a piece of iron like * pump-handle, connected with winch is a simple apparatus for steadying tho different «ages of the cage as it arrives at the pit mouth, and thus enabling it conveniently to deliver its two or three tiers of coal- laden tubs. Close behind him is a little wooden office or count lng-'oora, with a weighing apparatus, over which the coal tubs are run, and which tells the clerk inside the exact weight of each, a matter which he at onca registers. But there is another process hereabouts. You see upon the wall of the office ranges 01 pegs or nails, with chalked mi- na« beneath each, and hanging from each are a greater or a smaller number of Pieces of strong cord, attached to little wooden labels, upon each of which are deeply carved a a C0Ire8P°iding with the chalk initials. * airty-faced shrill-voiced boy is darling *oout, and, watching his motions, you sud nf o' the little pieces of cord from one of its corners-and then, watching his opportunity, just as the tub ja being weighed, h «neks out the initials and the name for which they stand-thus, " J. S. John Smith." ti, 1the name of tho kewer wn0 bas filled we tub, and tho clerk, close to the register of its weight, books that weight of hewn coals to the credit of the labourer who has wrought them. While we are watching the process, the wheels at the top of the great structure of beams and ladders begin to move slowly. The ascending cage is close to the bnnk of the pit ; tho alarum bell, which has notified the fact to the engineer, has tingled among tho machi- nery, and with his hand upon the slowly moving lever, he carefully watcheB the mo- ment to shut the steam off. It has arrived. Up to the ledge of the gulf, with the clatter and a surge comes the cage. It has a strong iron-bound floor, and iron-rails, forming as it were the skeleton of a box. This cage stops with its bottom exactly on a level with the edge of the platform ; and the banksman, whose business it is, suddenly eiezes the tub which it contains, and lugs it out with a wrench, his colleague substituting an empty one-while the third, by a movement of his lever, permits the second tier of the cage, with a second tub, to ascend to the ledge of the aperture. Upon the top of the coals in this second tub there perhaps lies a piece of rope. This is "a token" that men are coming up as the next cargo, and the lever-man usually ap- prises the engineer, with whom he can imme- diately communicate, of the fact. Presently, if you are attentive, you observe a hammer rise from a block of iron, apparently without a hand, and strike two blows, The lever which moved it has been worked at the bottom of the mine, and sometimes the strokes simultaneously resound in the engine-room and at the mouth of tho pit. They form the signal that the mer. are ready to rise. Three blows in Bome collie- ries, ana one in others, announce that the cargo is coals. The engineer, upon noting the double stroke, does his' spiriting gently. The rope begins to move as easily as if a careful hand stirred it-the top cage slowly sinks into the darkness-then the engine gradually puts on its speed, and in a second or two the living freight is careering up through the strata of the earth. Before they make their appearance we shall describe the old and rude method still practised in some remote parts of the country, of ascending and descending mines. At one time the shafts were generally open, I and undivided by the wooden partitions which | now seporate them into squaro boarded com- partments. The coals were then raised, not in , tubs placed in cages, but simply in " corves" or round baskets, shaped like pots, and with a pot handle, which was attached to the hook in which the chain terminated. The men, how- ever, seldom went down or came up in these corves-there being a risk of their grazing as they passed each other swinging in tho dark- ness of the shaft. To ascend or descend, the pitman simply stuck a hook in a link of the chain, and formed a loop. Into this two men inserted their right thighs, grasping the chain with their right hands, and armed with small sticks held in the left hand, for the purpose of steadying the motion by keeping the ends of the rods aB much as possible in contact with ( the walls of the shaft. When men were on the chain no corf was allowed to be attached to the other extremity. Two was the regular number who could be accommodated in the loop ; but, three, four, and five frequently went down or came up, clinging to each other and to the chain. Signals by blows were not then in use. The regular formula of commu- nication between the top and the bottom was as follows: - The man at the bottom sung out, " Hi ! ho!" To which the banksman responded, " Hillo !" The Bpeaker then shouted, " Men going to ride." The banksman replied, " Men ride away," and gave notice to the engineer. Meantime the people below had hooked themielves on, and when all were ready they shouted out " Tee ware." Immediately the engine moved, and off they went. The coal-pits in the North have generally excellent machinery for ascending and de- scending the shaft ; but the Staffordshire pits are notoriously deficient in this respect. During the the year from the 1st January, 1848, to the 31st of December, there were killed in Staffordshire no less than 37 men by breakages of ropes and chains, while in the Durham and Northumberland pits the number so destroyed was only six. In Staffordshire common chains are generally made use of. In the North, wire ropes spun flat aro becoming very com- mon, although hemp has still ita advocates. A not uncommon accident, occasioned almost invariably by pure negligence, is that of men being drawn, not only out of the pit, but right over tho wheel and pulley, through the en- gine not being stopped m time. This catas- trophe involves almost certain death, as the men are generally precipitated down the shaft, in which case their coffins have often to be sent below, as it would be impossible to re- move otherwise the shattered fragments of mortality. But meantime the cage has reached the sur- face, freighted with near half-a- dozen hewers and putters-a cluster of black, smirched faces, and grimy hands holding on to tho chains, and flannel jackets with hero and there faint streaks of a shade somewhat resembling the original colour of the stuff They speedily disengage themselves irom the cage, and go blinking along in the sudden glare of the daylight lhere are two classes of them-men and lads. All wear flannel jackets and coarse warm waist coating. Some have wooden and tin canteens swung over their shoulders, and canvas bags protruding from their pockets, Tho head dress is generally a greasy cap. The men mostlv carry small straight pickaxes, and wearsome times trousers und sometimes breeches and stockings. These are the hewers, and the lads who accompany them are the putters. The latter wear short driwers, not reaching further down than the centre of the thigh, and a sort of legging extending from the incle to below the knee A great portion of the limb is thus, but for its covering of coal dust, left perfectly ex- posed, and one wonders at the impunity with which they ascend, thus slightly elad, from the hot regions of the mine into the nipping air of wintry weather. But putters never think of colds or rheumatism. All things being now ready, we will our- selves descend. If the vieitor be wise he will change his hat for a cap, and envelop him- self ra his coarsest and oldest pea coat. We then take our stution in the cage. We shall be told to stand bolt upright, and keep our hands within tho iron railings. The ham- mer gives a tap to notify that all is ready below, the banksman tugs his lever, and the same instant-with a feeling strictly analogous to that which one experiences aboard a steamer as she shoots from the calm water of a harbour, and performs her first plunge into the trough of a seaway-the cage sinks beneath us, the faces of the people above, the buildings, and the sunlight disappear as if by magic. For a second or two a faint glimmer of light shows the nerpendicular walls down which we are shooting with a rapid, noiseless, and perfectly easy motion, and then all is pitchy darkness The sensation now becomes curious. We are utterly unable to tell whether we are going up or down, but the suspense is speedily over , a minute or two, and our speed is palpably checked. A glimmer of red candle light shines from below, and almost at the same mo- ment we observe that the cagB is descending so slowly as to be, to use the expression, feeling for the bottom ; and, as we touch the earth again, we see, by the Atener of three or four rushlights stuck in lumps of clay, a dark uncertain sort of hole, with a dripping as of fading water drops-a row or two of coal- laden tubs, over which we have to clamber-half a dozen black hands put out to help us, half a dozen black faces grinning at our perplexity a sleek horse or two Btanding motionless bsside the tubs-caverned walls, dark and tunnel- like about us, and a curious warm earthy odour, not at all unpleasant, and mixed some- how up with a smell of stables. One of the pitmen immediately hands us one of the lumps of clay, which serve as candlesticks. The con- trivance at first seems rude, but long ere you have traversed the pit you will find its excel lence. The candles used are very small, being sometimes 40 to the pound, but they give a wonderfully good light. They are stuck through the clay so as to show about an inch above it, and of course you puah them up as they burn away. The clay candle- stick can be moulded in a minute so as to stick to any ledge or even rough ne~8 in the walls. If it be required two can be at once joined together, and lhere is a knack of carrying the lump in the hollow of the hand, so aa to shield the 'flame from the draughts, I have seen a pitman carry an inch of candle thus for miles against the main ventilating current, i when I have not been able to keep my light alive for a yard. The workings where the people are actually digging may be a mile or two from the shaft ; and whilo we are plodding our rough way to- wards it, through dark tunnels paved with little tramways, I shall endeavour plainly and intelligibly to describe the mode of laying out, ventilating, and working a coal mine. The spot for digging having been fixed upon, the operations aro commmenced by gangs of " sinkers," who are to be regular pitmen what navies' aro to regular railway servants. A sinker will sometimes take employment as a hewer, but only when no sinking work is to be got. As soon as he hears of a new mine he is off with his pickaxe and shovel at once. The work of sinking never ceascB after it is begun, until the necessary depth is reached. The sinkers work in three gangs, and relieve each other every four hours, day and night. Their turns are so arranged as to give every man alternate spells of four hours' work and eight hours' rest. Their wages may avarage about 3s. 8d. per day-the daily work-hourB numbering, of course, eight. During the early stages of the procesB the earth excavated is raised to the surface by a machine called a sack roll- in other words, a large winch. When the rocky strata are reached, a gin or capstan is employed, worked by horeea ; and when the excavators are down some fifty fathoms in the earth, a steam-engine, which will bo used afterwards for the general purposes of the pit, is applied. The bed of coal being attained, operations are continued by excavating roomy passages, called rolley-ways, and which may be de- scribed as the principal thoroughfares of the mine-both for tho pasBnge of coal and air. By thiB time another shaft has most probably been sunk some dozen yards, more or less, from she first ; and the main passages, or galleries, must always be so arranged as to communicate with both. Without such a disposition of matters there would be no means of forcing a current of air through the mine. Some pits, howovcr, have only one shaft, divided into two I air-tight compartments by wooden partitions called brattices. The ventilating principle in both cases is the same, but I shall continue to speak of the double-shafted pits, which ore the best and happily the most common. These shafts have, of course, different functions to perform, but in all of them a space is paititioned off for the ex- clusive purpose of conducting down fresh air into the workings, and letting it escape when it íb done with. The shaft through which the ventilating current descends is called the downcast shaft-that through which the air ascends, the upcast shaft. Almost immedi- ately under the latter, piled upon a great square block of masonry and surrounded by caverned walls, is heaped a vast roaring fur- nace, burning night and day. The effect of this furnace is, of course, torarify to a high de- gree the air beneath the upcast shaft, and con- sequently to produce through all the mine a current setting towards it. Of course the cold air descends the other shaft to supply the va- cancy ; and it is then, by a syBtem of doors and traps, forced to traverse every foot of every passage of the mine, before it is allowed, in popular terms, to be sucked in by the draught of the furnace. As I have hinted in my lost letter, this is rather the principle of the sys- tem than tho actual plan adopted in all cases ; for in many mines the air-moving at the rate of, say 400 feet per minute, in the main passa ges, and creeping at perhaps only the fourth of that speed through the narrower corridors and workings-would take more than twelve hours to permeate the mine, and would return so impure as to be unfit for supporting healthy existence. The current is therefore by a com- bination of passages and traps split into differ- ent branches, and sent to different districts of the mine, in proportions depending upon the number of people, hewing and putting, in each group of workings. In all the main passages of the pit the current comes by like the blow- ing of a steady breeze. In the gallarles branch- ing off at right angles from the chief rolley I| ways, the atmosphere íb hardly felt to move, but the slight flare of the candle reveals that the air is not actually stagnant. Tho reader will, then, now keep in mind that from the two shafts, passages or corridors (all connected with each other) branch away in parallels of different directions, as the case may be , the passages connected with the down- cast shaft being traversed by a fresh breeze running into the mine-those connected with the up-cast, traversed by a breeze nearly as strong, but by no means so fresh. The rolley ways, of course, are cut in the bed of coal, which may rise on either side nearly to the roof, or which may extend only thiee or four feet up the wall, like the Btnp of wainscoating in old fashioned rooms The next thing to be done is to work out the coat from the bed Narrow passages are therefore cut, generally about four feet high, right into the coal, at right angles from the rolley-way Ihese pas- sages are called " head ways." At a certain distance they expand into spaces of greater width, of oblong square shape, formed of course by the excavation of the coals These spaces or chambers arc called " boards ' or workings, and there the coals are hewn. We will sup- pose that two " boards ' are being wrought in once Ihe miners are, therefore, excavating two oblong chambers at right angles from the rollej way, and leaving between each a great mass of solid coal But the boards must be connected, or they could not well be ventilated A pas«ago is, therefore, dug *rom one to the other, parallel with the rolley-way, but at the depth of the board from it Thus it will be seen that a great square pillar of coal is left untouehed, but that there is free communication round it, its boundaries being - the rolley-way on one side, the two oblong rooms with their narrow necks on two others, and the passage parallel to the rolloy way on the fourth I am anxious that this system of "pillar" working should be fully understood, and, therefore, even at the risk of being tedious, I will add a simple illustration Suppose two bottles to be inserted parallel to each other, and at the distance of a foot, in a bank of earth, their position horizontal, with their apertures just showing on tho face of the bank. Now suppose the bottom of the bottles briken out and a pipe in the earth forming a commu nication between them ko that if you blew into the mouth of one bottle the air would come out at that of the other This illustration exactly describes the method in which the mines are worked Each pillar of coal left entire sup- ports the roof, and the process is carried on, ssquare after square being formed, until the boundary of the mine is reached, or until the | difficulty of ventilating the labyrinth of boards puts a stop to progress in that direction. Ihe boards are generally about five yards wide, and the pillars are generally about sixteen by twenty yards It will be seen, therefore, that the miner at first leaves nearly two thirds of the coil untouched The reason of the narrow passage opening into the boards is to facilitate blocking them up after they are exhauBted and after a " goaf ' has been formed, and also to give conveniences for regulating the supply of air. Ihe hewer is at his labour in the board, cutting down the coal, thus, of course enlarging every hour the chamber in which he works, and filling from time to time the tubs which stand beside him, and which the putter directly seiz°s, and pushes upon narrow tram- ways back out through the boards and narrow necks into the rolley-way. The little trapper opens the door for him to pass-a door, which were it not kept shut, would allow the air current to escapo into the main corrider, instead ot forcing it to make its way as it will do, into the next board , and the driver outside m the rolley-way, with his low platform-like train, receives and places upon it the coal-filled tubs which the putter delivers into his hands, and when his freight is complete makes the best of his way with it to the pit shaft. Having carried his workings as far as is deemed practicable, the miner returns upon his steps, and attacks the oblong pillars of coal hitherto left untouched. As he digs them away, he inserts strong props, to «tay up the roof. This state of things, when a vast hollow ¡ in the earth is kept from collapsing by props, is called a " jud " But as not even a prop is lost, if it can be helped, in a coal pit, the work men cautiously withdraw them, beginning of course at the furthest end As the supports are removed, the roof falls in with more or less rapidity Sometimes tons of earth come j tumbling down, at once. Sometimes the descent is more gradual. Thus by degrees, successive rows of props aro taken away, and the space in which they stood is occupied by a chaos of broken strata, heaped together with more or less solidity, but generally inter- sected with cracks, crevices, and hollow cham- bers, formed by the irregular shapeB of the fallen rocks and stones, lins dreary spaco is called a " goaf," and every mine which has been for some time worked possesses one the dimensions of which, of course, aro being daily added to. Old m nes of great extent have several " goafs," and sometimes they each in- clude dozens of acres of spaco. A mine tho rougly worked out will be all goaf, and pro bably the majority of pits have a nucleus of fallen and crumbling strata. These gsafs are too often the plague 6pots of coal-mines. To- wards the centre they are supposed to be more solid and compact than nearer the edges , but as a vast quantity of coal has been extracted, and as the surface of tho country above seldom sinke, it is evident that there must be a vacant space left beneath. But goafs are seldom or never, indeed they cannot be ventilated. Very often, in the expressive language of the pitmen, they are " lying dead," without a cubic foot of fresh air cir- culating through their winding crevices and splintered chambers. They then become the fertile generators of foul ¿ases The fire damp rises slowly from these unwholsome recesses, and being one-half lighter than common air ascends to the caverned roof of the vault. 1 here, of course, it is harmless. No one works near a goaf without a eafety lamp, but occa- sionally-often on account ot fresh falls from the roof-the space occupied by the vapour is lessened, and it struggles to set itself free, and | gradually leaks through crack and crevice into the working parts of the pit. The terrible results the public arc well acquainted with. I have thus given a general outline of the nature and arrangement of a coal pit, with its down-cast and up-cast Bhafts, its main corridors, or rolleyways, and its workings branching off m equart labyrinths-sometimes from one side, some- , times from both, of the main passages. I shall now therefore proceed, trusting that the | reader will find no difficulty in following me, to sketch the actual appearance of a pit, and the nature of the emplojment of the several classes of workmen. In most respects the labour and the condition of the labourer in all pits are much the same Ihe differences lie in the na- ture of the seam in process of being dug-in the distance which the hewer has to walk under ground before he reaches the workings in the varjmg degrees of temperature, altering na they do at various depths-and in the effi- ciency of the ventilating apparatus in sending the air currents through the recesses of the pit. These are subjects upon winch I shall after- wards havo to touch, at present I proceed with my description of the underground fea tures of a pit. Our progress will be first along the rolley-way, our destination being of course the workings. The path is occupied by a single tramway, the space between the rails being taken up by short sleepers, laid as close as the rounds of a ladder, On one or both sidos there trickle down to the well or " sunk," near the shaft, dublets m some cases, and rivulets in others, of salt and muddy water. Presently you may meet a party of pitmen returning from work. You hear their voices, and see the glimmer of their light at a distance ; and presently they pties you-in Indian file-a ghastly looking procès sion, seen by the flickering light of the single candle half enclosed in the hollow of the leader's hand You will not go far without hearing the noise of an approaching train of waggons. The sound rumbles and reverbe- rates, so that it requires a practised ear to dis tinguish in wh'ch direction the convoy is pro- ceeding. Presently, however, you see the gleam of a light approaching, and very likely the shrill voice of a boy singing some popular ditty at the top of his voice. You stand aside, squeezing yourself against the damp wall, to allow the train to go by. It is drawn by a single horte, at a walking pace, and may convey a dozen or four- teen loaded tubs The platforms upon which these are placed are not more than two feet from the ground. The driver is usually a lad under eighteen. He always sits just behind the horse, with his legs extended upon the low shafts between which the animal is yoked He has a single light swinging m a lamp from the top of the foremost tub, but so placed as to be invisible until you are close upon it These drivers are paid like the trappers, by the day, and their wages may average about Is. 2d They enter and leave the mines with the putters. Occasionally considerable portions of the way are inclined planes, where the ser- vices of horses are not required. The full waggons running down pull the empty ones up. At either end of the inclined plane, a couple I of individuals, generally a man and a boy, are stationed to arrange the waggons. Tnere is a bell wire in manv înitancee running along the roof of the passage, and a vigorous tug at this by the man below announces to his coadjutor above, that he may start the loaded waggons, which come careering down like thunder, in the darkness The glimmer of light at what may bo called the stntion is commonly afforded by a candle, struck by means of clay to a post or tho wall. We may now be supposed to havo advanced some distance into the mine, and a difference is perceived in the atmosphere. The men gene- rally tell you that they are quite comfortable , but, however much they may be accustomed to the comparative closeness a stranger is apt to feel an unpleasant sense of oppression on the chest, accompanied with a slight degree of nausea. Ab soon, however, as the heated nir produces copious perspiration these unpleasant feelings go off-at least they did so in my ca'-e, and I afterwards felt no inconvenience when more than a mile further in, and away a to- gether from the main channel. In traversing the Gosforth Pit, I was struck with the aspect of a little workshop excavated in tho wall near the top of an inclined plane, and tenanted by a single old man, who has charge of all the safety-lamps used in the mine I He sat at a bench with a great jar of oil by his | side, busily emplojed in filling and trimming the lamps, which, when he had finished, he nung upon the wall on ranges of hooks, the initials of tho miners being chalked below them. In the passages Davy lamps are not required, but in the distant workings apart from the main stream of mr, they are commonly used, whether the existence of gas be suspected or not I inquired whether the men ever lighted their pipes at the lamps. The old man didn t know but what they might sometimes. It required good suction to get the flame through the gauze, but " some on 'em had a rare twist with the pipes in their cheeks " The old lamp trimmer sat in his gnome like workshop nine hours a day There was a second small cham- ber off it, in which were placed a vice, ham- mers, files, and other instruments required for the repair ol the metal parts of the lamps. In following the track of a rolley-way, you often observe examples of the " pitches" and " troubles" with whioh miners have to con- tend. Sometimes the seam makes a sudden bend upwards or downwards, involving, unlcsB it speedily returns to its former piton, the necessity of a change of level in the working«, a' other times a band of clayey stone or shale intersects it It is curious to observe the thin layers of unworkable coal, perhaps two or three incheB thick, glancing like a black rib- band along the lighter-coloured strata through which the passage has been cut. In some points props are fastened to strengthen and support the sides, and in others the corridor is regularly built m with ' masonry, so as to appear precisely like a rail- way tunnel. In moving with the current of air you feel its influence in a very small de- gree, and the reflux and agitation produced by the going by a train is mont refreshing. After having passed, it may be, several sta- tions at the bottoms and tops of inclined planes -at each of which the attendants will pro- bably be sitting upon lumps of coal or rude f benches, or on the waggons, waiting for the I moment when their services are called Into 1 operation-we reach a point whence we can diverge into the workiwts A row of waggon I frames stands here, opposite an aperature in the wall which may measure, say from three to Ífour feet square, and raised about two feet above the tramway, so as to allow the tubs pushed out of it to glide at once, without change of level, upon the frame work. We now come, for the first time, I upon the Putters You hear a shouting and a clattering in the black hole before you, and in a minuten coal tub emerges, with a crash, upon the locomotivo platform-and you per ceive a figuie, more than half-naked, pouring with perspiration, and, of course, as black as a negro, who has looked out for a moment, ex- changed a word with the driver, and then disappeared in the recesses of the " headway," shoving an empty tub before him. This is the Putter, and we shall follow him Clambering over the waggons we find our selves in a narrow passage, ruggedly cut among the coals, and the painful stooping position generally necessary to traverse which speedily makes one think of taking to all-fours as a luxury. At all events, you almost envy the putter the tub upon which he leans as he pushes it out and in. Here, as in the rolley way, there is a tramroad, the rails being neces- sarily of a very narrow gauge. About half way to where the board opens up, we pass an air door, attended by a trapper. The poor little fellow sits squatted on the ground in a recess, holding a cord in his hand, with which he chucks too the door after the putter and his tub have passed. If he can beg or pick up any candle ends, the trapper has the luxury of light, if not, he must sit quietly in the dark- ness The trapper's wages are always 10d. a day. The air is first forced into the boards by means of either a door or barrier in the main passage, and then, as it cannot escape back again towards the furnace by the nearest way, it necessarily courses through every part of the workings. Leaving the trapper behind, we can probably catch at length the faint click of the picks which the hewers are wielding, and presently the passage through which we are crawling opens into a sort of shallow chamber- the "board"-heaped with loose coal, the roof strengthened by short props and cross bars, and at the farther end of it gleam the glow- worm like sparks of the Davy lamps. We aro now fairly in the recesses of the pit, and the eye being by this time pretty well accus- tomed to the darkness, we can watch the hewers at their work. The labour would be toilsome even in the fresh air, but in the deep recesses of a mine it must be very fagging. The short straight pick is the principe imple- ment employed, with iron wedges, and mallets for driving them into the seam when the coal shows a tendency to come away in large lumps Gunpowder is only employed in the more open parts of the mine. Of course, to fire a train where Davy lamps are habitually requisite would be madness. The toil of the hewer depends greatly upon the thickness of the seam, which prescribes the attitudes in which he is obliged chiefly to labour. Sometimes he stands, some- times he works on his knees, sometimes he flings himself down on his side, to get at the lower part of the bed. The skill and endurance of the hewer are mostly shown by the facility with which he can accommodate his postures to the nature of the seam, and the vigour and effect with which he can labour in them all. The coal is always pretty compactly lodged, and requires a smart blow to bring down even an ordinary shovel full, and this is the more felt from the cramping position, often among props and poBts, in which the limbs have to be exerted. 1 he men work in flannel shirts and short drawers, with the perspiration washing every now and then a new white streak in their be- smirched faces. Close behind the hewer stand one or more empty tubs, which he has to hil He then attaches to the staple fixed in the corner of each one of the little cords and wooden labels already described, and the putter wheels it out, by main force, through the narrow passages The hewers of course take down with them ps many labels as they expect to fill tubs. Their hours of work are at present eight or nine per day. Here and there a very hard-working man will work somewhat longer. In some pits there ore relays of hewers, bo as to carry the work on until late at night, but the following plan is more generally adopted .-The hewers enter the pit at two or three in the morning and set to work , the putters come to their aid two hours from the time they have commenced, so as to find coals hewn and ready to be carried out lu some pits another set of hewers enter at eight or nine o'clock , but this, I repeat, is not a general practice. As the putters arrive two hoots later than the hewers, so they re- main behind them to accomplish their task, lhere is one putter to every three or four hewers, and the like proportion of drivers and other labourera employed about the waggons and inclines to cverv three or four putters. These last arc, as has been mentioned, lads generally under twenty lheir work requires constant stooping, and con stant and severe muscular exertion. They have generally begun as trappers-then they have been team drivers-after which they have been promoted to putting, and of course look for- ward to bocoming hewers It is not easy for people who never saw the employment to re- alize to themselves what putting is. Let them, however, just try to fancy a pitchy dark, ob- long hole, just about big enough to contain an ordinary sofa. I hen let them fancy the shoving and dragging of waggons holding about 7 cwt. of coal from one end of this hole to the other -the labourer alwajs of course stoiping almost double, and the thermometer seldom hi- lo w 75 degrees That is what is called " putting coals ' Although mere lads are engaged in it I fancied the muscular exertion to be even moro than that required in the hewer's labour. Both hewers and putters are paid by the quantity of coals extracted, and the latter make nearly as much as the former, their wages averaging from 3s. to 3s. 6d. per day. Of course the amount must depend on the quantity of coal picked by the hewers. The latter will earn, if they do not restrict themselves, something like 3s. 10d. or 4s per day, and besides this they have certain advantages in the way of house accom- modation which I shall afterwards allude to. The pitmen take what provisions they need during their working hours down with them. They have canteens and bags for the solids, called " bait pones." No beer or spirits is allowed in any mine whatever, and the men all agree in the reasonableness of the regulation. In the canteens they have coffee which they drink cold, milk, and water. The putters con- sume an immensity of water, notwithstanding the heat and perspiration in which they are continually bathed. In many pits casks of the pure fluid are provided for those poor thirsty fellows. I have peeped into several "bait pokes," and generally found their contents to be great hunches of bread, with smaller portions either of meat or of cheese. These small haversacks are hung to nails upon props, until their proprietors feel sufficiently appetised to attack them. The hewers gene- rally labour by threes or fours in tho same board. They are, I was told by some good au- thorities, although the statement was denied by others, by no means fond of working alone, from superstitious considerations. Many of the old fashioned ideas in this respect are dying away, but the mining population, particularly the hewers, are still very attentive to s gns and and omens before they commence their daj's work. They account it specially unlucky to croóS a woman on their way to the pit. Con- sidering the hour at which they leave homo, the conjunction does not probably often take place , but many a miner, if he catches a glimpse or fancies he dots so, of the flutter of a female dress, will turn on his hoel and go back to bed again. A gentleman informed me that he had once unwittingly stopped the day's working of a pit by passing the- "row," when the men were going to their labour, wrapped up in a light-coloured plaid. He afterwards learned that there was a grand consultation held on the bank, and that it w as unanimously resolved that nothing could be more rash than going into the pit after several of the party had j distinctly seen a ghost. The superstition of I the pitmen, however, forms a subject on which I I shall afterwards have occasion to touch. | The labour of the putter is at present being 1 considerably infringed upon by the introduc ' tion of Shetland ponies small enough to I traverse the head wayo, and strong I enough speedily to hurry out the tubs. The horses used in mines, after they are once i brought down, seldom see the light again. 'They are generally in good condition, the warm air making their coats sleek, and their docility is very striking. Indeed, unruly horses would never do for pit labour. The stables are usually situated close to the down coat shaft, and, except being a trifle darker, aro I very like stables above ground. The horses aro attended to by stablemen who do not intea- ¡ fere in any other work in tho pit. In returning from the recesses of the mine, I which wo may do by the up-cast passages, wo hove an opportunity of seeing tho furnace, attended by its solitary watchman. The tubIi of air close to an efficient furnace forms a cur- rent which a sailor would call a topgallant sail breeze. There ore generally two fire trimmers, who relieve each other night and day. The smoke of tho furnuce and the impure air escnpe by the up- cast shaft together. If you stand by its brink you will observe the vapours rising like a dense stenm from the pit. The pumping apparatus may bo fixed in cither shaft, Every thirty-three feet from top ti bottom there is a cistern, inserted in a recess cut in the side of the shaft for the purpose, nnd the wnter is raided by different sets of rods, from one cistern to the other, until it is elevated to the surface. Suoh, then, is a general view of a coal mine and of the labour of those who work in it. There are many points in this letter slightly touched on, with respect to which I shall after- wards enter into fuller details, but I cannot close without acknowledging the kind attention of Mr. John Mainham, the intelligent and courteous under-viewer of the Gosforth Colliery, to whom I am indebted for facilities for acquiring practical mining information, from which much of this communication has been drawn up. 