SHOULD THE PEOPLE BE EDUCATED? THE educational question may be viewed in a variety of aspects. The minister of religion will see in education the means of promoting the welfare of. his people: the founder of a sect will see in it an. instrument of proselytism: the philan thropist will view it with reference to social exigences: the man of the world with reference to personal eminence, or the means of increasing his pleasures. We come to the consideration of the question neither as ministers of religion nor founders of a sect, neither as philanthropists nor as men of the world, but we come to its consideration as members of a state. At the outset we would enquire what are the leading objects for which men, laying aside their individual liberty, associate toge ther as nations and found governments to enforce their union. It will be answered that the leading objects are these :-First, Security of the lives and personal liberty of each individual; secondly, Security of pro perty; and thirdly, the development of the faculties of the people in such a manner as to be productive of the greatest amount of happiness to the greatest possible number. And to attain these objects,, it appears to us that two things are absolutely necessary submission to the laws, and the unrestrained exercise of popular intelligence upon those o'jects which coutribute to the general hap p:ness and welfare. To secure obedience of the laws and a right direction to the intelli gence of the masses, knowledge of those .-. , .... . -- - ... u ?c te o c'tl [hf appiness is attained must be possessed by such as are to possess the one and to achieve the other. As that knowledge is not innate in the mind of man, it must be implanted there by education. There are no doubt some who still fear the extension of education to the great mass of the people, remembering the effects of those moral revolutions sometimes attendant on the intermediate state in which minds passing from darkness to light are for a while enwrapt. But these consequences are chargeable not on the approaching day when the sun of intelligence rises upon the mind, but on the day of the fast receding darkness, whose prolonged duration has de stroyed, for a time, the -power of discrimi nation. As an illustration of the effects of educa tion we have only to refer to the history of the parent country. It is there easy to be seen how numerous are the improvemenits which can only be attributed to thme blessings consequent on the extension of mental im provement. Mechanics Institutes and Lending Libraries have supplanted to a won derful extent the village ale-house and the brutal cock-pit. The superstitions of the people, relative to ghosts, witches, and fairies have almost entirely disappeared from the land. There is no doubt but that rem nants of these superstitions remain, but so also do the remnants of popular ignorance. Two centuries ago they were universal among the laboring class, as popular ignorance was universal also. Then if we consider the riots' and disturbances arising from the igno rance of the lower orders. On a memora ble occasion London was nearly destroyed, because the educated classes proposed to relieve their Roman Catholic fellow-subjects from unjust penalties imposed on them, and restore them to a just participation of the privileges of which in former times they had been deprived. On another occasion when by authority of Parliament the day of the month was changed, there were serious riots through the country; mobs going about crying out "Give us our eleven clays." The lawless acts of the machine-breakers and rick-burners are within the recollection of most of our readers, and although it may be urged that the leaders in these outrages were men of education, we do not t?hiurk it can be for a moment doubted that had there followers been equally as well educated, or had even an ordinary share of information, they would have acted in a very different manner. Then why have English mobs ceased to desire the imposition of penalties on the Roman Catholics? why have they ceased to believe that an Act of Parliament could defraud them out of eleven days of their lives, or that destroying machinery and burning ricks could improve their phy sical condition. Simply, because they know better, and their knowing better is the natural result of education. Those who do not deny the advantages that arise to individuals and to the state by a good sound education, are opposed to ele mentary instruction only. They say that reading and writing, which in many cases is all that the children of the poor have time to acquire, arms the rising generation of labourers with weapons for their own de struction, and that of others. For our own part we are satisfied that even though educa tion should be limited solely to the bare acquisition of the ability to read and write, it would tend to make men obedient to the laws, and inspire them with the desire to improve their condition. Two facts lead us to this conclusion. First-The first is the classification of crime which- has been kept in the gaols of England for many years past, and which has been analyzed with great pre cision by Mr. Neison. The criminals are classified into those who have had a superior education, those who can read and write well, those who can read and write imper fectly, and those who cannot read and write at all. Mr. Neison has shewn, not only, that a much larger proportion of the crimi nals belong to the two last classes, but he shews also that in these classes crime is ac tually on the increase, while amongst the other classes it is not only in less proportion but also on the decrease. The inference is irresistible. that there is a corresponding connection between the different degrees of ignorance and the different degrees of crime. Secorid.-The other fact to which we alluded is, that in all countries in which slavery exists, it is found absolutely neces sary to discourage the education of the slaves, even in the merest elementary knowledge. In our West Indian colonies, previous to the emancipation of the slaves, it was found necessary to cheek every attempt to educate the negro for fear he should become ac quainted with his proper station in the ranks of humanity. In the slave states of Ame rica, at the present day, death is inflicted by law on. any one who .shall teach a slave.to read. Without extending our remarks any fur ther, we think we have shoewn that the state has a direct interest in the education of the masses. Mr. Justice Therry, whose expe rience of the cffects of the want of educa tion on the moral state of a large country, in an address he delivered on the opening of the Court of Assize at -Brisbane, thus ex presses himself :-" So important has this great subject of education appeared to me, that they who aid in the advancement of this good cause will, in my judgment, be the best benefactors of the rising generation of this colony. To them will be deservedly awarded the largest share of public grati tude, and the merited meed of lasting re nown; and what is more important still, they will enjoy the consciousness of having endeavoured to render an important service to this community in a direction in wlhich it is most required; for next to the great bless ing of redemption, the greatest blessing that heaven has conferred on man isthat of a good moral and religious education." 