FREE TRADE AND DIRECT TAXA TION ADVOCATED, IN AN ADDRESS TO TIIE ELECTORS AND FUTURE LEGISLATORS OF VICTORIA. BY CHARLES JOHN DENNYS, TRADER, GEELONG. ARTICLE 2ND. TIE INJURIOUS TEN SDENCY OF INDIRECT TAXATION EXEMPLIFIED. THE propositions which the writer hopes to bring home to the conviction of many of his readers; and which he will en deavour to illustrate, are as follows: 1st. That it is better for a nation, as it would be for an .individual, to pay a "Direct Tax" of a smaller amount in preference to an indirect tax of a larger amount. 2nd. That indirect taxation is attended with increased cost---is unequal in the burdens which it imposes, and obstructs. the prompt execution of the business of the merchant and shipowner-that it entails much loss of time and much ad ditional labour, which in effect repre sent a large annual pecuniary loss to the nation that resorts to it-and that it most injuriously restricts the efforts of indi vidual industry. 3rd. That the individual industry of a country is the groundwork of the prosperity of nations, and that it 'should be the policy of all countries to have individuals to prosecute their several avocations in the manner that each may consider most .to his own advantage, consistently with a due regard to the rights of his neighbour and the safety or the welfare of the commonwealth. 4th. That every individual of a state is better enabled to judge of and decide upon the best means of conducting his own business than the state itself. and that in prosecuting his affairs with advantage to himself, he unconsciously but surely promotes the wclfdre of his coun try. 5th. That the imposition of . an equitable and permanent direct tax, un alterable, in the principle -of, its ad ministration, yet liable to increase, or diminution in amount in pro rata pro portion, according to the requirements of the state, would give a security tothe passession of property, which cannot be attained under any system of indirect taxation, because class-legislation, or in other words the taxation of ' those out of power' by those 'in power' must always more 'or less prevail. The following extract from the Illus trated London News of the 5th January, 1850, may be perused in confirmation of this portion of the subject :-" All men are agreed that taxation is an evil. The hardiest of disputants, who would deny any other- self-evidcint proposition, would stop short at a denial of this. There needs no ghost to inform the chancellor of the exchequer that he who can so place this necessary burden as to make its weight most easily borne by the commu nity, and to interfere in the least possible degree with the business, the health, the comfort, and the enlightenment, both physical and intellectual, of the people, would be the greatest man of his class, and the most valuable of public benefac tors. Unluckily, it is more easy to coin plain of a bad tax than to invent a substi tute. iBut, as it is no part of the busi ness of a people to offer its back totihe load, and say to its rulers " come tak me," the invention of taxation must be left to statesmanship. The people have but to confine themselves to their legitimate province of remonstrance against hard ship and wrong. If the wearer of'the tight financial shoq does not cry out, how is the fiscal cobbler to fit him more com fortably?' ' .: Taxation in Great Britain is a thing so complicated; so productive upon articles, that ouight never to have been" taxed at all ; so injurious to the operations of-trade aund commedrce in many of their most imi portant branches; so vcxatiosis and in quisitorial into tlie private af.tirs of men engaged in business; so partial in the burdens, that :it imposes upon rich and poor; so wasteful both in its collection and in its expenditure, as to task the highest legislative capacities to reduce it into system, or to "devise any scheme to render it not simply inoppressirp, but tole rable. Tlhe whole tendency of public opinion in recent times, as well as the whole course of our legislation, has been to substitute direct fir indirect taxation; and to levy a per centage from all piro perty and from all income, and to leave trade anmd commerce unfettered by duties and restrictions. Had such been our fiscal policy a century ago; it would have been a fortunate thing for this country. TThe bitter pill of taxation would not have been swallowed with complacency, and, having to pay their own wars out of their own tills, our ancestors would have stopped short in their furious career of extravagance, before they had overwhelm ed themselves and their posterity with the astounding debt of eight hundred millions of pounds sterling. Between the years 1793 and 1815 alone, a debt of ,£529,077,296 was contracted by our valiant. forefathers. • If they had been obliged to pay the whole sum in ready money to the income tax collector, for the indulgence of their warlike uronensities. they would have opened their eyes to the advantages and beauties of peace, and rendered the task of Government muqh easier for all future statesmen than it is likely to be as long bs such a millstone hangs upon the neck of the public energy. " It will be the principal business of the Legislature in. Great Britain for many years to come, to minimize and re-distri bute the taxation • of the country. " The financial Hercules who shall cleanse this augean stable is "the coming man," of whom the Caucasian 'lrophet has spoken. As yet, there area no signs of his ap proach, but ·be public mind is ripe and ready to receive hinm. If he succeed in abohshipg the exciseman; ,putic ghrati tude will owe him a brilliant page in history, and a national statue to trans mit his form and features to .the latest posterity." In illustration of the fatal ignorance of the true interests of a country that pre vails in colonial administration at our very doors, the total abolition of.the right to distil spirits in Van Diemen's Land, and the cause of the abolition may he cited. The Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council of the colony, about the year 1835 passed a law authorising the distillation of spirits, and many energetic persons devoted their attention and capital to that branch of colonial in dustry, and in the course of a very short period produced so good an article that the produce of the colonial stills com peted so materially with the produce of France, Scotland, Jamaica, Holland and other spirit producing countries, that the sale of these were almost superseded, and the large sum previously paid for foreign production consequently saved to the country. Instead of rejoicing at the success of this measure and encouraging its con tinuance, as a governmelit might have been.expected to do in this case, as in any other branch of successful interprise, the Governor with the advice of the Executive Council, in the year 1839, ab rogated the former law, prohibited the distillation of colonial spirits altogether, and paid a compensation of £20,000 to the interests affected by the prohibition, which prohibition exists to the present moment. The 'reason' for this suicidal act, was, that the Government obtained nearly half its revenue froin the duties on imported spirits, and having no direct taxation to fall back upon, could not carry on the administration with the reduced increase at their disposal, the "effect" was to annihilate what would have be come a very important branch of industry, and to throw the persons engaged in it out of employment and afterwards into other occupations. The effect of any re strictions or impositions upon the produc tive capabilities of a country in any shape or upon any grounds, however ingenious maybe the device, or apparently moral the tendency, must, by the natural law which regulates trade, tend to divert labour and capital from being employed or engaging in the restricted trade, and to direct the one and. the other to pro tected businesses, or to those 'unfettered by any such restrictions, and these trades become at last ovorburdened by an.excess of labour which they cannot empley. Wages in consequence fadl, and the poor houses and gaols become the refuge for thousands of able bodied willifig w"ork men, who can fintd'n6 emnploymentin the occupation to which they have been brought up, and are precluded' by. un righteous and impolitic laws frlom employ ment in 6ther branches, of industry, whiob, uurestrairied, could afford openings to which it would be difficult to define limit. It has been affirmed that England anm Ireland are overpopulated, and that emi gration is the only remedy for the evil Fettered as her home dnd foreign trade at present arc, there is no doubt what ever that until an alteration in the policy of her rulers can be carried into effect, until, in fact ' direct' can be substituted for ' indirect' taxation, the sufferings of her superabundant poor must continue, or a civil war break out. In a young colony like Victoria, free in a great measure from the artificial enactments by which the trade and in dustry of the mother country are oppressed, an illustration of the evils of such a system is capable of demonstration to the weakest reasoning mind. Suppose, for instance, that the necessi ties of the Government of this colony, from a war breaking out, or the occur rence of any other unforseen contingency, should require pecuniary assistance from the people. The fifst step the go vernment would probably take under such circumstances would be to increase the customs duties upon imported goods, or upon some special articles of import, as the nature of the case would 'seem to warrant. The increased cost of such ar ticles would infallibly reduce their con sumption to some extent, and a. the go vernment cannot compeleonsumption, the executive would (in case of continued pe cuniary necessity) have to look around them to see what internal tax could be imposed to meet the deficiency. . The industry of the mercantile commu nity being already taxed as far as it could be strained, the government must (in the absence of an organised direct system of taxation) resort either to the imposition of excise duties on colonial produce or to export duties. An export duty upoli wool, tallow and other produce being the easiest of collection would no doubt find favour in such an emergency. The pas toral interest would thus become ham pered in its turn,in the same maliner that the mercantile interest is at this time. It is quite truetlhat all taxes are eventually paid by the consumer, and matters would find their level at last, but before they could, by the slow but natuial pro cess, arrive at this consummation, much private injury must be sustained, affecting principally those who had leases of stock or runs on money rents, and the laborers employed on those runs, whose wages must eventually be reduced, unless more profitable sources of employment should open for their services, in which case the owners of the stock would be the sufferers to the extent of the taximposed. However modified in amount a tax of this nature may be, it invariably effects the interests upon which it :is imposed in proportion to the amnount levied upon it, and although many trades exist under it, as wool might under an excise or export duty of Id. per lb., yet they cannot ~flourjsh to the extent, or employ the labour they would in the absence of any such restriction. ." Fred Tradeh" '?annot. exist in anyI country in which the state revenue is ,raised, mainly or in-any degree, from im port or excise duties. No person can dispute the necessity of a State Revenue, but persons of reflection are beginning in. all countries to question the policy of such 'restrictions upon the industry of the people, and to believe that the amount the state might require could be raised at a much less cost and at infi nitely less inconvenience to the public by some direct tax that should effect equally the three sources of revenue which represent the incomes of all states as well as of individuals, viz. :-Rlent, profit, and.wages. No system has yet been proposed which can be said to have accomplished this, unless ac companied by proceedings of so in-. quisitorial a character as to render even the existing evils of taxation pre ferable, but that a system of taxation that should affect all sources of revenue equally, and that shall be free from such objections, can be devised and carried into .effect, with much greater facility, at much less cost, and at much less incon venience than the present customs and excise regulations can be is the writer's very confident belief, and which he will endeavor and hopes in future articles to illustrate in a satisfactory man ncr. 