GENERAL MISCELLANY. The happiness of a nation does not de pend upon its form, or system of Government, but upon the intelligence and moral developcmcnt of the population. In this world men cannot resist the temptation of making money when they have an opportunity, or turning aside from a bargain, but there is a great deal of good nature for all that. People can only take in from surround ing influences what they have an affinity to receive. Rowland Hill paid a visit to an old friend a few years before his death, who said to him, ' Mr Hill, it is just sixty-five years since I first heard you preach, and I remember your text and a part a of your sermon. You told us that some people were very squeamish about the delivery of different ministers who preached the same Gospel. You said, ' supposing you were attending to hear a will read where you expected a legacy to be left you, would you employ the time when it was reading in criticising the manner in which the lawyer read it? No, you would not; you would be giving all ear to hear if anything was left you, and how much it was. This is the way I would advise you to hear th.e Gospel.' This was excellent advice, and well worth remembering sixty-five years. What is great is not always good, but what is good is always great. Order is the sanity of the mind, the health of the body, the peace of the city, the security of the state. As the beams to a house, as the bones to a microcosm of a man—so is order to all things. A poor spirit is poorer than a poor purse. When the bulk of the nation is cor rupted, the laws are useless without despotism. Persons who are always innocent, cheer ful, and good humoured, are very uscfiil in the world ; they maintain peace and happiness, and spread a thankful temper amongst all who live around them. Censure is the tax a man pays to the public for being eminent.—Swift. Those who are unconstrained by necessity, arc so apt to be seduced by indolence and amuse ment, that their better faculties are rarely exercised as they should he. Let your recreations be many, moderate, seasonable, and lawful; the use of recreations is to strengthen your labour and sweeten your rest. But there are some so rigid or so timorous that they avoid all diversions, and dare not indulge lawful delights for fear of offending. These are hard tu tors, if not tyrants to themselves; whilst they pre tend to a mortified strictness, they are injurious to their own liberty and the liberality of their Maker. Rich men have commonly more need to be taught contentment than the poor. Envy is punishing ourselves for being inferior to our neighbours. So long as there is mercy in God, hope is the privilege of his creatures. If a spider break his thread twenty times he will mend it again. Make up your mind to do anything, and you will do it. Fear not if trouble comes upon you ; keep up your spirits, though the day be a dark one. Never be cast down by trifles themselves. A woman's heart is the true place for a man's likeness. Daugucrreotypc-Iike, an instant gives the impression, but an age of sorrow and change cannot efface it. Rather let us suffer for speaking the truth, than that the truth should suffer for want of speaking. Be deaf to the quarrelsome, and dumb to the inquisitive. Some one looking at a rich man, said, " Poor man! he toiled day and night until he was forty, to gain his wealth, and he has been watching it ever since for his clothes and victuals." Self preservation is the first law of na ture, but too many in the world act as if it were the only one. There are two ways of being happy. We may either diinishish our wants, or augment our means; either will do, the result is the same; and it is for each man to decide for himself, and do that which may happen to be the easiest. If you arc idle, or sick, or poor, however hard it may bo to dimish your wants, it will be easier than to aug ment your means. If you are active and prosperous, or young, or in good health, it mav be easier to augment your means than to diminish your wants. But if you are wise, you will do both at the same time, young or old, sick or- well, rich or poor, and if you are very wise, you will do both in such a way as to augment the general happiness of so ciety.—Eliza Cou/t's Journal. The passions, like heavy bodies down steep hills, once in motion, move themselves, and know no ground but the bottom.—Fuller. The feet of years fall noiseless; we heed, we note them not, till tracking the same course we passed long since, we are startled to find how deep the impression they leave behind. To revisit the scenes of youth is to commune with the ghost of ourselves. The spices of uncertainty enrich the cup of life. Sir Peter Lely made it a rule never to look at a bad picture, having found by experience that whenever he did so, his pencil took a tint from it. Apply the same to bad books, aud bad com pany. Accustom yourself to look upon life as a short voyage, where we are to be tossed in a bark, but the haven of which is delicious. Everything is vain to man if we view the current of his mortal life; but everything is important if we contemplate the tendency and the account that must be rendered . We all love good manners, whether we practice them ourselves or not. Indeed, the rudest people arc very often the most strict and exacting in respect to the rules of good behavior. Rude ness very often arises from acute sensibility. A man may be rendered rude by his finest feelings, which, perhaps, have no other or readier means of taking revenge for the wounds which have been inflicted. But even the positively rude, the blunt, and the in sensitive, enjoy the society of the kind, the delicate, and the considerate, and prefer them to the class of persons to which they themselves belong. The study of literature nourishes youth, entertains old age, adorns prosperity, solaces ad versity, is delightful at home, and unobtrusive abroad. Under the extenuating name of " busi ness," there lies a debateable ground between honesty and roguery, amenable to its own laws of morality and understanding none other."—Mirs Jrxskirg. 1 Tis strange with how little notice, good, bad, or indifferent, a man may live and die in Lon don. He awakens no sympathy in the breast of any single person; his existence is a matter of in terest to no one save himself, and he cannot be said to be forgotten when he dies, for no oae remem bered him when living.— ■Dickens. Truly, of all human follies, those of the miser ;u-c the least to be accounted for; he \alues gold, because it is prized by others; morbidly lie hoards it up, confident of the numberless ways it can be used; yet denying himself the Ycry neces saries ot life. Eesorting to all petty contrivances in order to add one coin to the many, he exists miserably, and dies nnpiticd and nnlamcnted; whilst some young spendthrift hastens to enjoy his wealth, aud laughs over his follies. 