To those amongst whom I have b*en preaching '* tht Gospel of the grace of G-jd.' CiiRliTlAN linBTUitKN and SiSTERs — 1 8.11 far from a ;-preh ending that you are personally in danger of Ueini; infected with tint false zeal for aaparalist tltn-trim-* whicli is too often kindled from other fires trun that of tho 'ivn cosl from tlie altar ol grace. lou look fur Hid intrinsic. well aw.-mt that no chang' in tho form of a rite v«n possibly aft'oet its value. A note may be issued oti dif ferent p^per, but, if equally accepted for piyroeut, the colour of the paper, or its form, are of no real import ance Rut wlisn I see a ducirioe of waler-bapti»m starting up amongst u\ which is nowhere found in tho Sacred Scripture?, where baptism is a simple precept, ami the only doctrine propuumicd to our faith id that of the Holy Spirit's operation* — I caunot be without tear of dolusion, leit the Loid J--5U«, iu these days of empiri cism, should be presented to believers at of tho tribo -if charlatans, professing to heal by water, which cannot heal the disease of fin. I wish to preserve sound doctrine —i.e., healthy teaching. Permit me, therefore, with a view t:j more prolonged consideration than a verbal ad dress could command, to commit my thoughts to writing oo this subject, in charity and undimiuishud respect to wards those wtm differ, but in earnest prayer that we may all gteilfatly abide, ' knit together iu love,' — not by that rope of .?land, a waler- bapiiniu, whicli breaks be fore it is touched; but by ibat bond of perfect tsesn which can be found only in tlie great truths of the Gospel. I mention baptism especially, because it is in thin colony the chief point of doctrine held as an apology for separa tion. The Baptist who is no*, a separatist (as many are not) mint not be included in my snimailversiuus, aod the Poedo'BapiUt, who H such, must not bo excluded. 1 have learnt, indeed, to feel but little interest in the argument between the two parties, perceiving it is more verbal than real, and eaters not into the true ground of their separation. That ground will be found to rest more on the deposition and bias than on tlie dogma, in Ilia argument of which they are nearly eqiul. For the one cannot find any single pa.«f-3ge of Scrip* turo forbidding the bap:i»m of infants in en n res* terms, neither can the other fiud any text directly aud unequivu caily commanding their baptism. The precept baptize seems left designedly in this un fixed form as a touchstone of the mental bias of professing Christians 'to try the spirits whether they be of God.'' As the Saviour that was born in Bethlehem was ' uut for the rise and fail o many iu Israel;' aud the founda tion-stone was laid in Zion for ' a ttoue of r tumbling and rock of offence,' as well as for the ' rock of ajren'' and 'sort* foundation ;' so. it would appear, certain portions of his doctrine have had, in a peculiar degree, the t-aoo double destination However protesting Chri*iian» m,»y talk, the greater portion are praelically influenced by their mate of mind and heart, according as thej are pre disposed to restrict or to enlarge the 1) undaries of CurUi'i ktngo!»rn; to be with their Lord, iu destroying the work of Satan (ns they suppose), or in building up 'he uni versal church ; in other words, as their bias uf m;»id leads them to embrace, the negative or thi positive doctrine* and teachings of the age in which our lot is cam. Tne difference of the ?pint of the two parties become*, under this view, distinctly marked. The infant baptizer knows that infants were always included in the M.unic coveuam. Deut. xxis., JO 11 ? ' Ye stand this day all of you before the L-rd your God ; your little one?, yi.ur wives, &*?.. that thnu shouldnt enter into coven-mt with the Loid thy God.' Circum cised nn the eighth day, the infant became 'a Jew out wardly,'1 which is all tbe benefit jii outward rite e«u confer. Tbe Pacdo-K-apiM will iiot abolish tbi* outward benefit without express authority- Forewarned in tha Scriptures, he is careful ' not u- tlespi*e one of tl»*ao little one?/' of whom l:i» Divine Teacher said. ' Suffer them io come unto tne, and forbid them not.' He pau.-ts, and id (hat pausing is led to cherish a lender, meek, waiting, an 1 humble spirit. The adult bap tizur. on the oihor -hand, maintains his liberty and duty Io require a 'rejection of what Chrixt has not pUinly c»mmindud, aod think* it will call diinn too bj-mk)g of God opon the churches, iu 1«are uuduto ' ' tt i «hat is only commanded by implication, and appears to ill* reason absurd. \' ' For aoroe centuries he ba.», thereforp, promulgated the interdict, and put tlie question to tho test of experiment. In the result satisfactory ? Can we believe that our brethren are blessed in their work as those who are the .lepoiitaries of a great and life-giving truth ? Rather, the disorganised slate of the denomination admonishes us luUilly as to the danger of a strung delusion in this matter. In this colony, Mr Dt-hane'.s Almanac for 1850, after enumerating the congregations of Christian ?ad even Jewish relif;ioni«tr, thus notices the Baptists : — ' This body in Adelaide is split into a number of email sections, owing to little denominational peculiari ties I1' That fact demonstrates that in the ppirit of their movement they are the separatists of tho church. I have been told that only two associated members remain of the originally flourishing church in Adelaide. There must be error somewhere. A Baptist brother may say, where can this assuaged error lie? I reply, perhaps in substituting the believer' d consciousness of his reiteration for the question of fact — whether he be ' horn from above ?' There is a dif ference. A tn;m livi?*, breathes, and digests his food, without a distinct consciousness which it only perplexes him to seek for. Nowhere do the Scriptures make the condition of faith to be our knowledge or belief of our own state. Such a change of the question tends to exalt self, and lower Christ in the believer's apprehen sion. It sympathises with the spirit of neology, or ra tionalism, which consists, not in the right use of reason, but in that use of it which would make man an all-suffi cient, instead of an all-dependant, creature. And who can venture to say at what period the soul is regenerated ? John the Baptist wm '-filled with the Holy Ghost from his mother'* womb.' Saniuol was -le- vott'd tn G(id as snnn as he was weaned, and the Lord accepted the offering, and appeared unto him while he was y»t ' the child Samuel.' Hut tho baptizing of in fants means the devoting of them to «. hrist and the Christian profession is it lees reasonable than the tie dicatkn of Sinmti ? Regeneration is not all comprised in tho change of our opinious, whereby we are led in adult age to confess Christ. It h.is its origin in the impartatiun of new life nnd a new bias to the whole affections and faculties How presumptuous, then, is that teaching that wo.ild limit the operations of God the Creator to a baptismal confession ! And. in point of far', do benefits corresponding with the fruits of a life giving truth Ojw lrom this negative doctrine? In what way does the omission benefit the child P Doe* he learn thereby to delight in the Word of God, wherein the theory ieaclio* he has no part'eipa tion ? Is he taught by this law of exclusion to go unto ChrUt? If Christian parents fulfil their du'y faithfully, chil dren will generally believe before they are conscious of believing— just as they breathe the vital air of this worfd befo:e they are conscious of that vital action ; but, by omitting baptism, we miy postpone the question of faith, until it changes its f'nu from the demand, Do I believe, to the enquiry of self-sufficient man, Am I con scious of my bcliet ? Uli ! my friends, simple child-like belief is far better than our consciousness ot it, as far as natural health is better than the valetudinarian's ' little better' and 'little worse' male. Baptized or unbaptized in infany, the adult has t-qnaliy, amongst all hvangeiic»l Christians, to repent, tu confess Carist, tn grow in grace, and to gain the ap proval of experienced Christians, before he is received into their communion. In the interim of childhood, what advantage has the unbaptized ? Is he strengthened to resist sin, or to umlerstniu how justly it h charged upon him ? On the contrary, the charges of backsliding are constantly adduced by ib.c Holy Spirit against all the children of Israel, as an aggravation of their sin — the point of which is completely blunted under the doc trino I am examining Jn tho apostolical epistles, ad dressed to professing Christhns, children are particularly exhorted as of the body. ' To the elect |.»dy and her children,' is the superscription of the seed John's Se cond Epistl.-. It the children are not benefited by this otuUsioo, in | what way can ilie parents he advantaged in the per formance of thiiir parental duties? Are the soul* of their offspring made more precious to them ? Are they thu.* taught to regard them less as mere animals, more as immortals ? It has been said, they are taught to view them as little devil?, instead of little angels. I will not say so ; but is their sense of responsibility strength, died? lg their Lvoas high and holy, and Chrisiian af fection awakened, by -i doctrine which presumptuously teaches that the child is unregenerate ? Jksus of Nazareth does not thus view tho children of His people. He seems to have felt much as a perfectly holy and benevolent man would feel towards the children of his friends. Ho took them up in his arms, and ' blessed them,' unbaptized as they were. Doubtless he embraced them, and showed that lovo towards them, which, as Creator and Keiieermr, having all unsiuful hu- I man affections and sympathies, he must eternally feel. ' Will He not allow you to dedicate these to Him whom j He blesses ? You need no command, if you know the; Redeemer's heart. He asks for hearty service. Were i they c xnmanded who brought 'little children' to! Jerus? Were they not forbidden by His rationalising disciples, who could see nothing but absurdity in bring ing infants to the Great Teacher ? Wherefore doubt to bring your children to Jesus? He is no neologiaal ra- j tiunalisr; He allows himself to feel the love that you ] should act from; He say?, ' Forbid them not;' Ho heeds not your vain reasonings, wnether they will un derstand anything about it — He docs not require them to understand. The work cf Christ, happily, is not made dependant upon our understanding, but upon His faithfulness. How little do the wisest l;f us know, com pired with the number of truths we are ignorant if? Is there one truth in ycience or religion that we can 'find out unto perfection r' Are we not all babes, not otdy io tho view of Christ, but probably of angel-s, who excel ia power and might? Let us not yield to a dogma, which gives us anything whereof to boast, even against little children ; for egotism and self-esteem, repugnant even to our fellow-men, must be infinitely hateful to Gud. Jesus rebuked it when he 8*id. ' Other sheep , 1 have, which are not or this f--!d;'' nnd ho ceases not to rebuke it, in the history of Christian chutche?. That can never be a doctrine of unmixed truth which tends to weaken the senso of family ties. God hath 'set Hig people in families'' — the first, the most cherished of ?II earthly unions, and the genuine model and origin of all other. Whatever would disorganize here, is not of God. Christ's teaching may indeed 'set a man at va riance ogainn: those of his own household ;' and when he does so, we roust accept and rejoice in His work. But the Bipiiit would du this before God has done any thing at all in the matter. He separates the infant bro ther from the adult, by withholding the household rite of the church. He runs before the command. Under the secret influence of this anti- family and anti-social spirit, the point of departure fur effecting Christian union is made to be adult baptism, and total immersion. Most fatal error, which invariably cherishes haired and variance more than love and concord— stimu- lates the vanity of those who are puffed up, and ends in ?'instituting a false zeal fur opinions, in the place ot true faith. With our all-wise and benevolent Redeemer, the ground of union and the point of departure ia, ' When yo have love one to another.' He builds the fellowship of his people, not npon the changing opinions of one or several section.', but upon the Christian affections com mon to them all. With Hii-, all the truths and ordi nances of His Word are designed to unite Christiana, ??id there is one baptism of the Holy Spirit. With us, when those truths have degenerated {nlo matters ol h iman opinion and fleshly ordinances, one section can make many baptisms, by declaring their form only to bd the real, although it differ?, and only can differ, us one form from another. In this, the Separatists cm never be blessed, unless it be by the final discovery, that by iheir own dogmatism they can do nothing; and that the surest way of losing the favour of God. is to put their work in the place of His. The clear duty of our Baptist friends is to view distinctly tho fjet, that others, baside* the immersed in adult age, are Christians, not a tittle Ie*s. than those whom they call baptized; and t- con Milt-r that single fait as an argument again-t themselves, woith a thousand times mure than all the volumes of mining tlwt have beea, or ever can be, wiittea ia de Fence of their separation. It ought to be viewed like a fact in natural science, after a thorough verification of experience, absolutely unanswerable, invincible, and eternal as the laws of God, to demonstrate th^t whatever theory conflict* with it must be false or misplaced. Tney slionld cast their thoughts abroad over the whole field of Divine truth, and subordinate their doctrine, which works separation, whilst it pretends to union, to some more general and trustworthy truths. Three considerations may serve to guard us against the contracted and false views of Baptist separatists. 1\. That they do not recognise the inseparable con* nection of every precept with the doctrinal truth from which 't is derived, snd by which modified. 2\. That they consequently erect the derived precept into a totally inefficient and childish doctrine. 3\. Thar in every view they entertaiu most exaggerated notion* on the subject. 1\. Baptism is a precept, not a doctrine. It takes (as all preceptive rules do) the imperative form. But if it is to? be retained, and not, as tho Quakers think, wholly laid aside, it must be dedueible from some doctrinal truth, and its modenr modes be thence derived. For if a man should ei»e ynu a rule to fetch down fire from Heaven, as Franklin did I)} his kite, Uh rule must con form to the laws of nature, or it would be worthless ver biage. But those laws may be of such a nature as to permit various applications and methods. Such a law is that great and glorious doctrine of the absolute neees sity of regeneration by the Holy Spirit. It does not necessarily exclude infants. ' In sin did their mothers conceive them.' ' They have gone astray from the womb.'1 They are viewed as sinful by the very Baptists, who refuse to acknowledge the reasonableness of ex hibiting their state by an outward ordinance. The ex hibition of this truth is all the efficacy the Baptists even recognise in the ordinance of Baptism. They come, not to be renewed by the water, but because they are renewed by precedent faith. They profess not to be regenerated by their own opinion, in adult age, of their belief in Christ. Yea, not by their belief ittolf, not by their confession, but by the Holy Spirit. The time U known only to God, the power held only by tho Holy Spirit, tbo necessity from tbo day of birth. What ground then is then; in the doctrine to forbid water that these bibes and surklingj should be dedicated to the profession of a truth in which they are involved ? As to the manner — How can it be limited, by the doc trine of the Holy Spirit, to immersion ? It is tho ap plication of water to the body that cleanses. It is the i application of the power of God to the soul that heals the leprosy of sin. We do not necessarily mean total immersion by » ashing; nt/tiiir total sanctificaiion of all the faculties by the act of regeneration, in which the work begins. We know that it never takes place at once, any more than the birth of an infant endows it at once with ail the bodily powers and functions of a man. At most, the method can only refer to the /or/a, and cannot atfect tbo substance of the thing intended? It cannot evea be supposed t-- change the docttine we hold in common. It is a sign of a spiritual act, and not of its mode ; for we know nothing about the manner in which the Holy Spirit aetj* It would be simply ridiculous to say, the soul is dipped into (the Holy Spirit, rather than sprinkled by his power, for they are evidently one and the same thing. Had we even changed the mode from immersion to pouring, God would follow the right method in tin real work. It may lie that man is competent to mxke such a change in that which must ever re.uain wholly human and external. The gold will be gold though the French call it de lor; the Germaus, das -tth!\ and the English, gold. What ehiliii-h trifling then is this attaching of im portance to the quantity ot the water! which, cvan if it were the instrumental cause of regeneration, would not require a mode like the effect : for only in the imagina tion of children, is the cause fancied to be something like the effect. Surely, in vain did Jesus Fay—' II« that is washed needeth nut save to1 wash his feet, and is clean every whil.' 2\. Proceeding in this erring path, the Baptist erects this nreoent into a totallv inefficient ilontrine. Fur what is the real value of the doctr-ne of water baptism— much as its advocates are pleased to boast themselves ? Whir confluence of Divine, and Iwly, and sanctifying truths gather around tbe doctrine, as they hold it, degraded, as I fully believe, into a teaching of man ? In what rela tions does it stand tu tbe whole doctrines of Salvation? Looking backward — Are any spiritual gifts ever con nected with it, and not rather with 'the gift of the Holy Ghost ?' Looking forward — Are any eternal pro mises ever made to stand upon it, and not rather upon that faith which justifies ? The true doctrine in this matter — ' Ye must be born from above,' — stauiis in in separable relation to every vital titith. Following tlut fauh which justifies, it is the ' promise of the Father,' and makes Christians meal for the inheritance vi the Saiots in light. But the precept, transformed as some zealous Baptists would transform it, into a human doc trine, wherein lies its efficacy ? No prediction is made of it by the Prophets, no fitness is in it to purify the soul. It is man and the human priest, in one of his latest phases, assuming to do the work of God. 'H»w is it,' says the Saviour, 'that ye do not understand?' When Jostis speaks of water, he speaks of the living water. Ha is not a God of flesh! He asks not if the body has been immersed in water! His language i.-, ' Rend ynur hearts and not your garments.' Nothing but carnal notions of Christ could ever have raised a carnal precept to the throne cf his eternal truth! It is ' a doctrine of baptisms which poetb not cm :tn!o per fection.'— -It is a human error. Neither did ? ?- Saviour nor his Apostles ever preach any doctrine of i.aptism. They preached the true teaching of the Holy Scriptures. ' Neither circumcision avaiietb anything:, nor uncircum cision, but a new creature.' They left baptism in its proper place, as a simple precept. Facts bear out this view. Of tho eighty thousand negroes baptised in Jamaica, not one-fourth remain in communion with the Churches. In the nature of the case there is nothing to prevent Baptist Ministers from immersing in water, tho sensual, the proud, the cove tous, or any others who are led to make an hypocritical, or delusive profession. What t lieu is the sterling value of this corruption of a derived precept into a doctrinal truth, contrary to the nature of things, and to common sense? Shall we, on such shallow grounds, consent to make that a ground of Christian union, which Christ has never named as a condition of Salvation ? He said, II Thy .sins are forgiven tbee,' without commanding baptism. He preached his Gospel, never preaching a water baptism. Shall we make that a ground of separation which ha has not! for he says to his disciples, 'Ye are all one, as I and my Father are one.' But God and Christ are not one by a water baptism. 0\. Exaggeration is the method some adopt to make proselyte.-, wherein their zeal and success are little short of that which the ancient Pharisees displayed when com passing sea and land, iu favour of equally human and carnal traditions. Our Lord and his Apostles, not teach ing any doctriuo of water baptism, could h*ve none of this false zeal. To none of his converts did Jesus offer baptism. To none did He administer it. The woman of Samaria who was brought under his personal teaching to know that ' ibis was the Messias,'' was left without baptism. That Marv, who ' loved much ' when He dried her tears of penitence with ' Thy sins are forgiven thee,' needed no water to wash away those sins, and give '* the full assurance of hope '' Nathaniel ? but I will add no more examples. You cannot doubt that re generation, as well as every Christian grace, is quite in dependent of baptism. To tbe believer I would say, If you have been bap tized ia infancy, be content. That dedication is ac ceptable, or does not obstruct acceptance with God, in thousands of happy instances. If not, go and be bap tized, for it is commanded. But make not yourself and the name of Christ ridiculous, by unenlightened scruples about ihe/orm, which, if changed, it has been so under tbe permission of Divine Providence for good ; and in any case we know doe* not and cannot profit. 'It is the spirit that quickeneth, the flesh profiteth nothing.' The blessing you want is not the water, but the quick ening. The spirit and tendency, I will once more repeat, io all this, as the entire history of the Aoti-Poedobaptist denomination proves, is not creative and leading to re* ligious progress ; but negative and leading to destruction. It is a spirit of bastard progre-s, under which delusion tbe eotnared ah.ep thinks he it to advauce towards per fection, by plunging Rlone into the wilderness, ' wherein are fiery serpents and drought.' Jesu* Chmt came indeed to 'destroy the works of Satan,' a? well as to 'do the work of his Heavenly Father.' Yet his proper work is evermore, not death, but life ; not the dissolution, but the organization of his churches; not to give us negative, but positive trnths ; and that Christian has assuredly more of his Lord's dis position, who walk* in tbe same ' counsel of peace.' He left the ceremonial Iaw9 of Moses to die of themselves, without his anathem-s. He did not uuer a hundredth part of the denunciations against the whole corruptions of that legal system, that was 'ready to vanish away,' which a zealous Baptist utters against his brethren who differ from him, as he professes, in a matter of pure trifling He left the Roman armies to destroy the cor rupt and effete organization of unbelieving Israel, without assigning any portion of that work to his discijiles. But tho spirit of our modern separatists has ever more been all eagerness to take this work into their own hands, apparently forgetting whose prerogative it is to be called ' The Destroyer,' and overlooking tho in evitable tendency of this disposition, when unrestrained by tho special graco of God, to 'root up the wheat with iho tares,' and tr» run into universal anarchy «-f opinions. They know not of what spirit they are, and consider not that about true faith there is a tenderness a.id delieacy, that renders it equally lUble to be lost in the conflict of human violence, and the coarce ra'ional izing of the unloving heart. Like all the forces of God's physical creation, faith escapes our scrutiny the moment we would subject it to a human crucible, and we are thrown back upon thai ultimate stay of all human things, belief — trust in God. In the whole domain of His mateiial, no less than His spiritual creation, the Creator says plainly to \u, 'Thus far shall ihou go, and no farther,' and here shall thy vain inquiries ttop. I am not here departing from the subject tiller view, for the strength of the Baptist argument lies in the rationalising interpret uion of the precept, li:ni:ing tho promise to us who consciously believe, as comprising tbe Church. The F.'ee Church of Scotland, with all the ad vantages of the most recent opportunity of defining its creed, more tcripturally explains th» chinch to mean, tho body of he! evers, with their children. Our Lnpi'i* example and instrnciion is our true measure in the denunciation of error. We have no warrant to reject what he did not reject, and to deny what he ha-- not personally, or by bis seivauts, denied, in the antece dent institutions of His church. A great responsibility rests on him who, unauthorised, seeks to circumscribe by human reasoning* the boundaries of the lledee.nei's kingdom. Ho acts without bis warrant, and therefore it is ur.lo him according to his limited faith ; God, in a measure, abandons him to his own wisdom. A captious spirit follows this Divine withdrawal. Dissatisfaction with the present state of the evangelical dispensation steals in uuon the heart. Ho can no longer say, ' My heart is fixed,' and in quiet acquiescncc wait until bis change come. Novel and wild vagaries soon substitute themselves fur the spiritual and ibe true, which now lose their savour and their loveliness. A preceptive righteous ness begins to be trusted in ; a bodily coming to be ex pected of Him who will not come until ' the time of the restitution of all th:ng-.' The ordinary ministry of the Gospel becomes insipid. The mind is at length in fected with a spirit of separation from the body of Christ wlwch is His chuteh; ami something else than Ja?us of Nazareth is secretly dosired to bu tbo king. It may in the end be — for there is no other final term tu incipient unbelief— it may in the end be — ' N--t this man, but ivirabbas.' This tendency m-iy in the ultimate result meet, as extremes often do, with that spirit of total apostacy which in tho world ' woilteth alreidy.' If our Baptist brethren are, as I fully believe, errone ous in their view, we might expect them to meet with practical difficulties in the experiment fitted to indicate, th^t some error exists in the ttieory. In human sciences such a result would at once send back the practitioner to hi* theory, just as a wrong result compels tho school-boy t-- work his sum anew. Ala?! that the children of this world should remain so much wiser in their science than the children of lijrht ! Such practical difficulties do exist. 1\. To baptise is purely a minisrorial act. The com mand is given to Christ's Ministers. Yet the perfor mance of this act is made the title to admission to tbe Baptist Church. Should the church members refuse to admit one baptized by their minister, they would pro* nounce hi? act invalid, acd so give entrance to schism in tt.e body of Christ, where it U most pernicious, betweco the minister and his charge. Is he then to consult the church beforehand, in an act of personal responsibility ? Or, is the church to renounce its functions? Suppose a military officer had a command to enlist soldiers and induct them into his corps; but another still cleitcr order was given to his previously enlisted regiment to admit none to their megs, save by their own vote ; would not the officer jnstlv complain, Lord, I want further in structions to reconcile the^e contradictory duties. 2\. Some are baptised before being truly converted, and afterwards are brought to true repentance and faith. Are they then to bo re-baptised, because their first im mersion was no baptism at all, according tit the theory? if so, where will this s)stern end? If not, will they be saved whilst remaining knowingly unbaptized ? 3\. The difficulty is insuperable, of ascertaining pre cisely when a young person becomes fit for baptism. But the necessity, under the Baptist theory, of a credible profession, creates a ground of indefinite postponement, for which there is no authority in Scripture. Tho negative philosophy with which the separatist spirit sympathises, justifies all sins of omi-sion. It is the scepticism of the age. In the world it exhibits itself more destructively as in its proper domain. The very foundations of religion and morals are openly assailed. Man is made supreme, and every man in his own way. In the popular theories of socialism the very existence of God is either openly impeached, or tacitly laid aside. Society is consequently threatened with complete disruption. The life of God the Creator being absent, there would remain nothing but death, putting on the contortions of life. Of a piece with some of these vagaries, are those low and mean views of a bodily resurrection of the saints and coming of our Lord held by this class of religious separatists. Foolish and blind ! for do we want the bodies of the saints and not their souls, which alone are promised? The present bodies of men will do well enough, when tbe Lord shall put renewed dispositions within them. We have bodies enough upon the earth and to spare. Look at the deaduess of millions of the human race, and the utter inertia for all that is good of thousands of professing Christian*, and you will surely pereeive it is the Spirit of Jehovah we require, to move upon the stagnant waters and impart life and movement. Oh miserable empiricism of the churches, where huch expedients are resorted to, for arousing their dormant life of faith ! It is the counterpart of the shams and quackeries that exist in the world. Tho intellectual Christian flees from them, an from a camp of lepers in Israel, and the Christian of heart sickens under their mawkish ministry, as in an infected atmosphere! We must strive against his dangerous tendency to an unhealthy state. We must seek union. Whereunto we have attained, to mind the same thing. ' Cease tn hear the instruction that canseth to err from the words of knowledge,' knowing that Christ has given his poople a mission to 'try the spirits' by which they may ascer tain better, than by endless cavillings, whether the doctrine be of men, or of God. ' The God of peace sanctify us wholly.' EowinD Baker. Morphett Vale, Feb. 4, 1S50. A note bad been addressed by the English Govern ment to its Ambassador at St. Petersburgh, on the subject of Constantinople. Copies of this document had been sent to the Representatives of Great Britain in Vienna, Constantinople, and Paris. It is eulogised as worthy of a great and free country, and a» being couched in firm but moderate terms. Lord Palmerston had sent proper instructions to Sir Stratford Canning, and had placed the Mediterranean fleet at his disposal, which had, it was reported, arrived at the Dardanelles. The Austrian and Russian Ambassadors in Paris had expressed their astonish ment at the importance given to an affiair, which was originally ? mere quarrel between friends. 