TRACTS AGAINST SOCIALISM.. [proprit et Lol,~Protectionismo et Commun , -rpr ,ttCa&tul; et Rente,-Paix et Libertc e s Airgent,l- o.] By M. F. Bastiat, -r~ 'berof tho Institute, &e.; Paris, Gaillaumin; -JI~idon. Dulauo. I1. Frederic Bastiat is justly regarded as the first of living French economists. His little treas on 'Economic Fallacies," published about four years ago and translated in English by Mr. George Robert Porter is the bst defence of the tprinciples of Free Trade that has ever come sefore the public. On more than one occasion he has pointed out the tendency of Protectionism to suggest the most pernicious doctrines of Communism ; showing that, when a legislature undertakes to secure high prices to the manufacturer it cannot with any show of justice refuse to secure high wages to the operative and the labourer,-and that the delusive promise of the former must in evitably lead to a dangerous demand for the latter. When his predictions were fulfilled after the Revolution of February, - when Louis Blanc and Albert Ouvrier extended to wages the sophisms which successive administrations had sanctioned in France with respect to pro fits and prices, - M. Bastiat was the first to attack the new delusioin, and to expose at once their falsehood as theories and their perils as practice, in a series of cheap tracts,—so clearly. written that all who run may read, so profoundly thought out that all who read may profit. Several of the fallacies exposed by M. Bastiat are unfortunntely rife among ourselves. They have not, it is true, been stated in such absolute and exaggerated terms as those employed by M. Proudhon and his associates; but, however modified, they are still errors of most dangerous tendency,-and the best way of escaping their consequences is to expose their falsehood. Should we in doing so appear to insist on mere truisms, we beg our readers to reflect that neglected truths are just as inoperative as in discovered ones, and that many great truths are injuriously neglected for the very reason that they are too patent and too palpable. lvery one who has had to deal with Popular Fallacies must sften have had cause to echo the prayer of Louis Paul Courier,-" May the Lord preserve us from the evil spirit and from meta-t phors." Errors which, nakedly stated, would Ecarcely have deceived an idiot pass current with men of sense when disguised by the sound ing phraseology of metaphor. This figure re sembles the wvhite sheet which enables the mischievous rustic to make a formidable ghost out of a candle-end and a scooped turnip. No metaphor has done' more mischief in modern times than that which ascribes a paternal clha racter to the State or to the Government; inas much as it has led men, to mistake the proper functions of both,-to make impossible demands, and to resent the refusal of those demands, or their non- fulfilment if promised, by revolt and revolution. The simple truth that the State is Society itself in its jural capacity, and that the Government is but the administration of powers created and conferred by society, is sure to escape notice when under the paternal metaphor we separate these abstractions from ourselves and invest them with a separate existence out side and independent of society,-that is, of ourselves. Assuredly nothing could be more agreeable than to discover apart from ourselves a beneficent and inexhaustible power, calling itself the state, or the government, or anything else, which should furnish bread for every mouth, employment for every arm, capital for every en terprise, credit for every speculation, oil for every wound, relief for every suffering, counsel foi every perplexity, solution'- for every doubt. truth for every intelligence, diversion for every sorrow, milk for the babe and solid food for the aged-which should provide for all our wants, anticipate all our desires, satisfy every curiosity, redress every error, avert the consequences of every fault, and exonerate us all for ever from the necessity of exerting foresight, prudence, juilgment, sagacity, experience, order, economy, temperance and industry. Now, this is what Frenchmen require of the state:-and, we must add, it is what too many Irishmen demand of the government. At the risk of being set down as hard-hearted political economists destitute of the bowels of compassion, we agree with M. Bastiat, that to believe in the possible existence of such a state or government is one of the most whimsical illusions that ever got hold of the human mind. It is nothing, more than a monstrous fiction which would indluce everybody to live at the expense of everybody else. No man likes to confess even to himself that he likes to be supported by the labour of others; but many invent an intermediate existence which they call the State, and demand that it should fulfil their duties by imposing their burthens upon others. This is the monster fallacy of our age; and to give it due prominence the French have placed at in the head and front of their noew constitution. This monument of statesmanship in the nine teenth century sets forth that France has constituted herself a republic to in vite all her citizens to a continually more elevated degree of morality, intelligence and prosperity. That is to say, France the abstraction Invites Frenchmen the realities to moralty, intelligence and prosperity. The "abstraction" maintains the illusion that there is some mysterious exist ence outside and independent of Frenchmen which is to render them virtuous, wise and pros perous, independently of all personal exertion and all individual responsibility. You laugh ;—'tis well--the tale applied May make you laugh at t'other side. The fallacy is not peculiar to France :-wo have as we have said, for too much of it in Great Bri tain. We demand the intervention of the State or Government in matters where such interfe rence is costly and niischievous,-and their we grumble at the cost and complain of the mischief. fen demand that Government should be gene rous—but in order to be generous it must be rich and in order to be rich it must levy taxes. There as no mine of gold beneath the Speaker's chair ready to yield inexhaustible treasure at the Open Sesame of a vote of the House of Commons is a Committee of Supply- The experience of fifteen mnonths has not taught France that people can not at the same time have the public expenditure increased and the public taxation diminished. The metaphoric State has blinded their eyes, con founded their senses, and perplexed their judg ments. The next sophism to which we shall direct at tention is not so prevalent in England as it is in France; but, nevertheless, it exercises an indi rect and unavowed influence even here. It is the erroneous maxim, that whatever one man gainns another must lose, and whatever one man loses another must gain. If this aphorism were true all social progress would be impossible :-but it is easy to shows its falsehood. Peter gains know ledge by study but he does not deprive any ether person ot information:-James has lost an hour's sleep, but ni human being has gained an additional nap in consequence. But the true answer to the fallacy is that supplied by M. Bastiat:-" Whenever a fair and free exchangie takes place both parties are gainers, for each parts with what he wants least and receives whiat he wants most." M. Bastiat shows that this truth is unperceived chiefly because men con fsund money with wealth ;-and seek, therefore, to establish a system of exchange which shall increase the quantity of money in their country. A yet more dangerous error respecting money, derived from the same principle, is thus stated by celebrated socialist and democrat, M. Thore— The Revolution must constantly be repeated so long as men will attack only tho consequence without saving the logic and the courage to attack the principle itself. That principle is capital, false property, revenue, rent, usury, which are burthens imposed upon labour. The day—it is long ago— when aristocrats invented the incredible fiction that capital has a reproductive power, placed the working classes at the mercy of the idle. Will any one say that you would find an additional crown at the end of a year in a bag in which you had placed a hundred crowns ? Would your crowns have doubled in the sack at the end of fourteen years ? Does any work of Art or indus- try produce another at the end of fourteen years? Let us begin then by annihilating this fatal fiction. In the same way M. Proudhon declares that tho productiveness of capital is nothing but usury— and that usury is the cause of poverty and social misery. The fallacy of the Socialists consists in their confounding capital with money. The hundred crowns kept in the sack would not have been increased at the end of the year; but in- vested in industrial means they would raise the value of the materials to which they are applied. The Socialists confess that industrial means ought to be paid for. If a man builds a house he has a right to get rent. from any one who occupies it—if he has constructed a mill he has a right to charge for grinding flour,'&c.; but the house and the mill are invested money—the rent and the charge for grinding are virtually interest on capital. M. Bastiat illustrates this principal by many and varied anecdotes—all tending to show that means of industrial production, whether raw ma terials, implements, or sustenance of the opera tive, are justly subject to charge; and conse quently that capital, which enables men to acquire these means, has an equitable right to a share in the profit. Money left in the sack will not in crease—but who ever borrowed money for -the purpose of leaving it in a sack? Our author follows out the argument with great skill; and concludes not merely that capital has a right to interest, but also that it is as unjust to fix a limit on the rate of interest as to assign a maximum of rent on houses or of profit on ma nufactures. We need not add any comment on the import ance of these little works. They are brief, pointed and pithy :-and they have already had a power ful effect in checking the progress of Socialist errors in France. 