XiOOAX> INTELLIGENCE Tits Drunkard's Livr. — William Chapman and William Wutd were fined live hilling, each at the Police Court oi Satur day fur intemperance. Estiihatino Kkcoonizances. — A abort time since a fellow named Charles Murray, who had been committed to lake bis trial, obtained his release from the Melbourne Gaol, upon entering into recog nizances, himself in forty pounds, and two sureties of twenty pounds enoh, to appeal when callrd upon. He, however, was not forthcoming when called upon to answer Un charge upon which lie had been committed, and both he and his sureties it was ascer tained had made themselves scaice. As u matter of form, the reoognizanees of the suretua, so wall as that of the delinquent, wera estreated, and through the activity ol the Sheriff's department, both of the sureties have been ferretted out and made to "dupup"' the amounts for which they hud become bound, and Murray has olso been recaptured, and lins been returned to his old quarters tho Gaol. Darekacid Trick — We have heard if confidently asserted, that a fellow named Gardener, who has only been a few day rut of Gaol, to which be has been committed on several occasions as u vagrant, personated no less than three Uiireient burgessc, who ware absent fr nn the city at the la'c fllftrtinn nf flminrillnr for B Hlfko and on each occasion s-i- ceeded in recording a vote for Mr D Campbell. Tho best ot the joke is, that Gardener bad actually on two occasions been commiit-d to Gail as a vagrunt by the presiding Alderman at the election (Alderman Ii-41) in his magisterial capacity. A Desirable Addition — Some cast iron j'lat-s bearing the nainrs of the re spective streets in the City in raited letters of goodly dimensions, and which bring painted white are rendered so legible that lie who runs may read, have been prepared at Messrs Langland's foundry, and in a d--y or two will he placed at the corner of the different localities for wh.loh tli«y ure intended. J bey will b. four.d a great acquisition parlicuhily to newly arilrod omigrants, putting a stop to the annoyance to which one has so fre quently been subjected stnee tho emigration of foreigners has set in ao strongly to our shores of being stopped, whilst perhaps on urgent business, by tire interrogatory " Safe I am at where." Tbe Licensed Do at men —Two of the Williams Town boatmen were summoned befor Capt. Bunbury anil Lieutenant Addi son. at the Police Court, ot Williams Town, on Thursday to answer u charge preferred against them by Mr. M'Farlme, for refusing to take him to the north buaolr for the suin to which by the new scale of watermen' farts lately determined upon, they Bro ""U' titled, the men demanding four shillings whilst the prescribed fere is only half-a- flrown, Mr. John S'ephen append on behalf of the defomlanit and raised several objection!, the most important of whioll we that no aotual tender ot tire fare to winch the Dan were entitled had been made, and In order to tnke the opinion of the learned Orown Prosecutor upon this and Other on- jsotlons the nourt adjduriihl Jt OMW08 until Thursday nest. Tim Old Game.— On Saturday the tl olo of the eases set dawn for hearing at the police court requiring to bo adjudicated by two magistrates wore pos'poned till the fol lowing Monday, there being no second J.P in attendance. The New Municipal Year,— The new | municipal year having commenced arrange ments will ire presume be made for the for mation i-fn new m-giieri-l roster, which we trust will tend more to tire convenience of tha tmblio than have the urrnngements for the last ttvelvo month. Infamous Outkaqk upon a Female — a few nights since an infamous outrage wus committed upon a respectable female, Mrs Marshall, a shopkeeper, ru-iiling in 1,'iltle Bnurk" street. She was proceeding through Lonsilal street when B»mc impertinent languago was aildrcasetl to her by a rufliun.and on putting out her hand to push him away the fellow took her by the rboul- dere and threw h«r down with great violen-e. He was pursued liy aonie conslahlei who were attracted to the spot by the cries of Mrs Marshall but succeeded in elleoling his escape. Special Jurors. — Parties who hove been summoned to attend as special jurors during the present Civil Silting, are re minded that it will be necessary to give their attendance at the Suptome Court, thli (Monday) morning punctually al ten o'clock, ut which hour the special jury cases of four will be rosumed. Leading Articles.— M.uiv'. the hearty laugh wo have indulged in at the flatulent nonsense which graces tho leading columns of tho 'Argus, anil, although the following tornado of contempt is "gospel truth," we were scnrcrly prcpnroil to see our imptes- sions verified from such a quarter. The Vto'.oriu Co'oiu'st, specking of those productions, savs — "Leading articles, quo!h"n leading humbugs, phantoms of lendeiB, pour (leshless skeletons of lenders, ghosts of spirit stirring, heart touching: leaders. L a lers that till us the depth and intensity ut the muddy waler ilmt sweeps by tho oflioj of this writer of lenders. Leaders tlint t-l: us til# astounding fact of Thomas Tom! ins having competed fur tbe first prize for best tulips with Peter Priggins. Leaders of four lines long. Pali such 1 aders ! it makes one foam at the mouth to hi ar of such pro ductions styled hnilers. Away we say with siioii ridiculous vanity and undisguised affec tation. Laugh if you please at the drivcl- lings and hoaxes of a paper whoso only re ply to repeuted cnitigations. is n low buf foonery, or a repetition of absurdities, but do not pr, sumc to dictate to n j.-uin.l, which if it enjoys not as large a circulation, is con- durted with us mriob tub-tit, and far more honesty, than the 'Argus' ever has been, siace (our coletnporary goes on to say) Mr. Kerr hu» c-na>d tn write for that journal." — No one w ill accuse us of being very warm admirers of the latter gentleman, but it is only justiro tn bint to say that lie is inca pable of inditing any of the stilted spooney - isms which have been gravely issued to the public in " food for the Iniellectuut mitul." Tiik St. Kit da Races. — At a meeting held at the Royal Unlet on Saturday evening, of paitii-s inii ris" d in t hi: forth coming races a- St. K 1 la, J B. Kirk, II. N. Simson, and W. C. Yniils. Esquires, were appointed steward. A committee una ap pointed to meet - n Monday, the 18 lb insl., to frume the programme. The Treasurer iniil a statement of the ia-t years accounts u-fore the meeting shewing a surplus in iiund of one hundred und twenty-three pounds. BACHELORS FOR EVER. — At the cricket match on Saturday, the single beat the marred men by chalks. Prospects op Immigration. — We rejoice : — (says the Sydney Herald) to find that our in-mc-liste prusp- cls of immigration -tic much higher tliun is generally suppos-d A paper which we do not remember to have seen until now laid upon the table of the Legislative Council by command of His Ex- c- llency the Governor. discloses tlic gratifying tact tlmt there is at this moment a cl ar fc 100,000, provided by tbe local government, ova-la1 1c fur immigration purposes, besides u- share of the p irliament iry grout of £33,000 for sending emigrants to those c -ionics winch should receive convicts. According to a letter of instruction f-om Mr Uml-r-Si'cr- tary M rtvale to the Emigration Commissioner, il.iud 3 1st December last, our share of tbe grant is £23,850, In considera 'in, i of our having t ke-i 70 per cent, uf all the convicts transported l ist yeur. ' l'in- pre sent,' says Mr Merivale, 'appears to be a -.uiu'-lc opportunity for bringing ttru grunt into eilecl. ' And as n-uc of tire convict wore lauded at Port Phillip, lie specia ly instructs the Commissioners that ' tue P- rt Phillip district, will Inve no claim to any por tion of lire parliamentary grant. ' And li« -id-Is, ' You will und-rst.nd, therefore, that it is only to be expended, so far as concerns New South Wales, upon emigrants des patched to Sydney or Moreton Bay." The result is, tin-, giving om-haifuf the col-- null money to Port Pliilll p, there rem -ins for rli ,t district the s-un -f £50,000, and f-r the Sydney district the further sum of £73,800, for future Immigration. And it is ca'culated lliat during the itrXt six or sexen month not less than twenty four ship loads of immi grants will arrive in the colony, bringing out for the two districts about eight thousind souls. That number ol emigrants, or llien- UhOUlSj Wt re lu ieuu aivw Wales during the p-eseut year." (Of this £100,000 applicable tohnmigntion two thirds at lrat is lire produce of the Port Philip l,and fund, although We are to receive but ono half of the amount.) The Mayoralty.— Upon examining tbe voting car-Is al the termination of the elec tion fur Mayor on Saturday we found theui to bu a« f- -ll-rrcs !— For Alderman Nicholson. The late Mavor (Alderman Greeves) Alderman Bell Alderman Johnstone C'ounoillor Annand Dalmahoy Campbell „ D. S. Campbell Chambers II. be „ Hodgson „ Murray |( Rustill For Alderman Bell Alderman Nicholson TnttowN AWAY Councillor M'Combio Robinson „ Smith „ Stephen 