NEW WESLEY AN CHAPEL. LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE. THE Wesleyan Chapel, Gawler-place, Ade laide, having become too small for its present occupants, it has been in contemplation, for some time past, to erect another and a larger one in Fine-street, on half an acre of ground, bought for that purpose, for the sum of six hundred pounds. The necessary arrangements having been completed, yesterday, July the l5th, 1850, was fixed upon as the day for laying the Founda tion Stone ot the new erection. The situation is a central one, and thickly populated, and the building is to be of the handsomest and most costly description. Its extreme length inside is to he 88 feet, its width 53 feet, and its height 31fleet; thus admitting of galleries all round, and being capable of affording seat room to about 1500 persons. To the main building, indicated above, large vestries will be attached, and two school rooms, one over the other, and each of them measuring 34 feet by 45 feet. The front elevation of the building is to be in the modern gothic style, and will have a very imposing appearance. A large entrance door, over which is placed a treble window, is to grace the centre, with a door on each side into the lobbies, and double windows above them. The longitudinal elevation shows five double windows on each side, arched in the centre, and with the usual abutments between them. It cost is estimated at £4000, and when completed, it will, beyond all question, be the most striking and commodious place of worship in Adelaide. The ceremony of laying the Foundation Stone was entrusted to his Excellency the Go vernor, who appeared on the ground at three o'clock precisely, accompanied by Captain Sturt, Colonial Secretary, and some others of the officials. There was a large attendance, and flags were flying in all directions on the ground. The attendance, we should think, on a moderate calculation, amounted to some six or seven hundred persons, among whom we observed several ministers of different denomi nations, and other parties of weight and in fluence. The Rev J. D. Draper opened the service on the occasion by giving out the 737th Hymn in the Wesleyan Hymn Hook, " ! Thou who I--1 -t in Sioa laid j Thy true Foundation stone, And with those a covenant made, j Who build on that alone : Hear us, Architect Divine ! Croat builder of thy church below; i Now upon thy servants shine, [ Who seek tli}- praise to show. Far;h is thine; her thousand hills I ; Th y mighty hand sustains; I ' Heaven thy awful presence fills; _ O'er all thy glory reigns : 4 et the place of old prepared, by regal David's favoured son, Thy peculiar blessing shared, And stood thy chosen throne. \\\ e, like Jessie's son, would raise A temple to the Ford; Sound throughout its courts His praise. His saving name record ; Dedicate a house to Him, A lio once in mortal weakness shrined Sorrow V., sutfer'd to redeem, To rescue all mankind. Father, Son, and Spirit, send The consecrating iiame; Now in majesty descend, Inscribe the living name; ihat great name by which we five, Now write on this accepted stone; Ls into thy hands receive, Our temple make thy throne. Mr Draper tin n read the 24th and the 46th Psalms, and engaged in prayer, which was highly- suitable, and exceedingly impressive. This finished, the He v. Gentleman proceeded to read the following inscription, which was inclosed in a bottle, and handed to his Excel lency the Governor to piaee under the founda tion stone :— INSCRIPTION. The Foundation Stone of this Chapel for the use. of the people called Methodists, in connexion with the Society, established by the late Rev. John Wesley A M, was laid by His Excellency Sir Henry Edward Fox Young, Knight, Lieutenant-Governor of the Pro vince, on Monday, the l5th dav of July, 1850, being thy 11th year of the reign of Her most gracious majesty, Queen Victoria. The Rev. Thomas Jackson, being President of the British Conference. Ihe Lev. 1\in. 13. I Joyce, General Superintendent ol the Wesleyui! Missions in Australasia. The Rev. D. J Draper, and the Rev. T. X. Hull ministers of the Adelaide Circuit; the Rev. R. c' Floekart, Assistant. Trustees : Messrs Joint Coiton >, Robert Hawkes „ Wm. Mc.Guii e ,, Andrew Johnston ,, Thomas Masiiu ,, V, illiam Johns Messrs William TTufehins „ Jno. Barton Hack „ Thos. Jas. Mitchell „ .Las. Charles Coke „ William Collins „ Henrv Goss Architect . Henry Stuckey, Esq. Builders : Messrs H. W. Peryman and Son. Our \ enei ated I ounder has recorded it as his opinion that "the object ot God in raising up the Methodists, was to spread .Scriptural Christianity throughout the Land." ° lo assist m promoting this object in South Aus liuiin, to is (_ h.ipei is erected to the honor ami glorv of the Triune God, Father, Son, and IIolv Ghost-* Amen. The stone was then lowered, and the ordi nary coins of the realm, with the bottle con i tabling the inscription were placed under it, and | Mr Stuckey, the architect, handed to the Go j verncr a handsome embossed silver trowel, of a very costly description, with which to lav it, | and on one side of which was the following inscription, with names of the Ministers and Trustees, and a design of the chapel, as also the motto, '• The best or all is Goi> is with us," ou obverse :— ' THIS TROWEL was used , in laying the First Stone of the Wesloyau Chapel Pirie-street, Adelaide. [The Governors Coat of Arms with motto s«nj pcurl By His Excellency sir II. F. F. \ oiing, Knight, The Lieutenant Governor, and presented to him by the trustees on that occasion, 15th July, 1850. The stone having been laid, His Excellency returned to the higher ground, and delivered a short, but very neat and appropriate address. No thing could give him greater pleasure, than assisting in the election ot temples ot this description for the furtherance of the great ends of Christianity, nor was there anything upon which he entered with more heartfelt sympathy. On the present occasion, 1m lost sight ot the minor points in which he differed from his Wesleyan. Brethren, in his acknowledge ment of tiiose higher fundamental ones in which they all agreed. Such proceedings as these were cal culated to draw them closer together, and lead them to lire their minds on the uuitcd promotion of objects, which tended not only to the advancement of'tlrnir religious, but also the civil interests of society. The doctrine.-* preached in that place would no doubt contribute to the incarnation of th. divine pre cepts— J-0\ e the brotherhood, tear God, and honor the King,' and this could not be otherwise than beneficial. He prayed God, that the work might proceed successfully, and that the issue might ac cord with the best wishes of its projectors and pro moters. The Kev. T. N. Hull then said that before man began "to multiply and replenish the earth," the worship of the true Hod must have been eonlined to humble places of prayer, and, even in after ages, the/ could quote numberless instances where the most fervent worship was conducted without the accompaniment of very costly ediliees. Fortunately for great portions of mankind, the spirit of the Gos pel rendered it imperative only to " Worship God in spirit and in truth," and when that was the ease, it mattered little whether their devotions were con ducted in the humblest abode or the most gorgeous temples. One of the most lovely traits of the Deity was, that he was not the God of a class, colour, people, sect, or clime, but the Lord God of all. He was not described as my Father, your Father, his Father, but " Our Father," and nothing could be more in accordance with the true spirit of Christi anity, than a spirit of benevolence towards each other. lie hoped that in this, their much favoured, and adopted laud, that spirit would be always pre dominant, and that whatever might be their private dillercnees on minor points, tliey would eordiallyjoin on the fundamental principles of Christianity, and mingle their prayers and praises to the honour and glory of the God of all ; and, assisted, by His di vine grace, and the inward workings of His Holy Spirit, use their utmost endeavours humbly and conjointly to further the extension of' His kingdom on earth. The speaker followed on at considerable length in the same ardent and eloquent strain, which was listened to by the crowded assembly with the utmost attention. The llev. D. J. Draper then stated that he was requested to say a few words relative to the finan cial position and prospects of the Chapel, which had been commenced under such favourable auspices. It was known to those who were in the habit of at tending Gawler-place Chapel, that it was well filled, and very many applications for pews and sit tings could not he complied with. Under these circumstances the trustees resolved on erecting larger chapel. The land 011 which they now stand, had been purchased for £t>00, and the Chapel would cost about £3400, making a total of .£4000. Towards this sum, £1000 had uhvady been sub scribed, and as a general call would be made, it was believed that £000 or £700 more would be raised, including the opening services. The pro perty jon the west side of Gawler-place would he sold, and it was hoped that a large sum would be obtained for it, winch would be devoted to the pre sent building. On the whole it was believed that the Chapel and spacious School Rooms would be finished, with about £1000 debt upon the property. Mr Draper stated that during the fifteen years he had been labouring in the Australian Colonies, lie had attended many such services as the present, although but three others were on so large a scale, viz., one in Sydney, and two in Parramata, in New South Wales. lie rejoiced that his Excellency had assisted in so good a work, and called upon the assembly to identify themselves with the onward movement in extending the blessings of the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ. The Rev. Gentleman then gave out the doxology, and concluded the interesting service with a prayer. 