THE MORETON BAY LAND ORDER. To the Editor of the Argus. Melbourne, May 15, 1850. Sir-When the celebrated John Wesley had some atrocious charge preferred against him in the newspaper press of the period, and his friends assembled around him in great alarm, saying, "Surely you will answer this?" Mr. Wesley calmly replied, " No : when I gave my soul into God's keeping, I gave my character also, and I am in no way concerned about it." . Now, I confess I have felt somewhat in the same way under the charges recently preferred against me by the Sydney Herald. With the consciousness of perfect rectitude on the one hand, and with a strong feeling of disgust on the other, that my disinterested and self-denying services on behalf of this colony should only be meeting with so vile a return, I have felt quite indifferent as to what might be said about me in that paper, and my resolution to offer no reply through its columns was in no way shaken, when I found that Mr. M'Encroe, the tobacconist of Sydney, had begun to harp upon the same chord and to express his doubts, forsooth, about my character. Mr. M'Encroe, your readers must be informed, is one of the leading Irish Roman Catholic demagogues of Sydney, a member of the holy guild of St. Joseph, and the cousin and fugleman of one of the priests. Now what right had I a Presbyterian minister, to expect a certificate of character, either public or private, from any such quarter? I am not so unreasonable in my expectations. On the contrary, I feel so perfectly indifferent as to what may be either said or written of me by Mr. McEncroe that I should almost as soon be condemned to smoke his vile tobacco, as to read any letter of his of which I may be the subject. As I find, however, that gentlemen here, ! whom I respect, are beginning to think there is must be something wrong on my part from my continued silence, I shall once for all state the whole facts of the case out of which the charge I refer to has arisen, and leave those whom it concerns, to judge for themselves as to whether I have deviated many degree from the line of strict integrity. The third of the three vessels which I was instrumental during my stay in England, in sending out with emigrants of a sur " - for character to Moreton Bay was the ship Lima, which sailed from London in the month of June last. It was my desire to procure for the emigrants by that vessel, in accordance with a general principle which I wished to establish for the future action of the Company I have been labouring to form for the promotion of emigration to this territory, as well as for the great benefit of the colony at large a portion of land equal in each J case to the amount paid for their passage, the land being estimated at twenty-five shillings per acre. For example, in the case of any family numbering five adults and paying £100 for their passage out, it was my desire and endeavour to obtain for every such family 80 acres of land in addition, free of cost, as I had ascertained that such an arrangement would be quite sufficient to give a prodigious impulse to emigration to this territory of the very best description, and prove of incalculable benefit to the whole colony. But under the existing system and in consequence of the impracticable character of those obstructives the Commissioners of Land and Emigration, an arrangement of this kind required considerable tact and management, and the emigrants had to be examined and approved of individually by the agent of the Commissioners, before it could be ascertained to be practicable in any instance, while in every step of the process the most vexatious obstacles were thrown in the way. Now, if any amount of money had in the meantime been deposited in the hands of the Commissioners for the purchase of land, the rule was that a certain portion of that amount should be paid back to meet the cost of passage, according to a certain rate per head for the whole number passed ; one half of such repayment to be made shortly after the sailing of the ship, and the other half on a certificate of her safe arrival at her destination being produced in England. Now the whole of the money paid by the emigrants per the "Lima," was paid exclusively for their passage, for the vessel could not be obtained on any other terms than those of immediate payment. But in order to effect the arrangement I have mentioned in regard to the procuring land for these emigrants, I had shortly before the sailing of the ship, deposited in the hands of the Commissioners other funds funds of my own to the amount of £860 for the purchase of land at Moreton Bay. And the question was, what portion of that amount would be paid back by the Commissioners towards the payment of the passage of the emigrants they ( might pass; and this question could not be ascertained till after the sailing of the vessel. Now so very few the emigrants per the "Lima" were actually passed by the Commissioners, so as to entitle them to both land and passage for the same money, that only £400 was to be paid back for the whole Company, viz., £200 shortly after the sailing of the ship, and £200 additional in- perhaps twelve months thereafter. In short, the objections which the Commissioners had to make against the most unexceptionable families and individuals were so unreasonable, be frivolous, so vexatious, and the difficulties of other kinds were so great, that I determined to have nothing further to do with them in any way. The whole amount therefore of the money actually paid by the emigrants per the "Lima, that was available for the purchase of land on their account, up to the hour I left England, was only £200. Other £200 would be doubtless paid in a twelvemonth thereafter ; but as the land is not obtainable on credit, but for ready money only, this second £200 was not available. But I had previously purchased with my own funds exclusively, land to the extent of £850 in value, of which amount £200 was thus repaid me. There was therefore, up to the hour of my leaving England, land to the extent of £650 worth at Moreton Bay, which I had purchased, and for which no consideration had been given by the emigrants, and none received by me. Had I not then an undoubted right to avail myself of this land, by making it as I did a collateral security for the time being for the payment of £578, the only portion of the whole amount originally due for the charter of six large ships which remained unpaid on the 14th of November last, the day left England ? Undoubtedly I had. But it is alleged that I had previously sold the land in question, and been fully paid for it, and that my procedure in the matter was precisely that of a person who fraudulently sells the second of a set of bills to one person after having sold the first for a full and adequate consideration to another. Now this is grossly false, and the falsehood is susceptible of the easiest demonstration. The emigrants per the Lima will testify to a man that the only thing they actually paid for was their passage ; in the expectation, however, of getting land in addition, through my arrangements on their behalf with the Commissioners. Now I can show, from the Commissioner's own letter, the exact number, name and surname, of the emigrants that were actually passed by them, and therefore entitled to land in addition to passage and a reference to the well-known rules of the Department, which are known to every person at all interested in these matters, will prove that only £200 could have been received, and applied to the purchase of land for these emigrants, up to the 14th of November last-the chain of evidence in my favour is therefore complete-there is not a link wanting. Fraud in such cases necessarily implies that an adequate consideration has been given and received ; but I defy any person to prove that there was any consideration either given or received in the case, beyond the amount I have stated. It is quite true that I had previously authorised Mr. Pettigrew, the Surveyor, who had been appointed, with the concurrence of the Commissioners, my agent for selecting the land, ' but without authority to sell or alienate it, to apportion out the whole among the emigrants, that they might go to work upon it immediately. But did this imply that the fee-simple, was thereby transferred to those of them from whom no consideration had been either given or received? Certainly not. Why, not one of them can get a deed, for any portion of it without my signature, even yet. Did it in any way preclude mc from availing myself of my own absolute right and title to more than three-fourths of the land, in the way of giving it pro tempore as a collateral security for the payment of a sum of money till the completion of the arrangements which were then in progress for the attainment of an object of vast importance, not only to the emigrants them selves, but to the whole colony, viz. ; the recognition of the principle that they should have both land and passage for the same money ? It was neither my desire nor intention that the emigrants should in any instance be disturbed in their occupation of the land. Having every desire and intention that sufficient titles should eventually be given to the whole of them, whether they had been passed by the Commissioners or not, for this was a port of the sacrifice which had to be contemplated from the first, in the formation of the Company I was labouring to establish, and I had overcome far more formidable difficulties in the progress of the affair than this implied. But to tie up my hands from availing myself of what was still my own undoubted property as a means of bringing these complicated arrangements to a successful issue in the face of all the difficulties that had been thrown in my way by the Home Government and its agents, would have been monstrous. The Local Government, it seems, have made a merit of protecting the emigrants per the Lima forsooth against the fraud I am alleged to have attempted, in the matter of the security. But why not have sent for me to explain the whole matter at once, and to confirm that explanation, as I could have done with the utmost facility, by producing the documents to which I have referred, from the Commissioners Why not have done this rather than in entire ignorance of the real nature and character of the transaction, allow so foul a charge to be preferred against me in the Sydney Herald! But there are parties in Sydney, and I do not except the Government, who are willing to be satisfied with evidence of any kind to inculpate me, to find me guilty of any thing disreputable or dishonourable. But I set them at defiance. There has even I understand, been a threat held out in certain quarters of expelling me from the Legislative Council, if I should happen to be returned for this district, on this precious charge. There was a similar threat held out for a time, in the year 1843, on the of round of my being a minister of religion but during the whole of the four Sessions that elapsed, previous to my voyage to England in 1846, the subject was never once alluded to. No sooner however, had I turned my back upon the colony, and gone to England, than the dastardly creatures brought in, and passed a bill to keep me out in future. They made it all right here, and sent it home in due course for the sign manual in England. But Her Majesty, who it seems, occasionally dips a little into colonial matters, happened to ascertain that honest men were scarce in the Legislative Council of New South Wales, and she was therefore naturally enough unwilling that the door should be shut in my face in particular, so she vetoed their Bill, and it is therefore quite possible that I may be " the surest gear in their caught" yet, and that they may all see their old friend's ghost again, ' sooner than they imagine. I am, Sir, your most obedient servant, JOHN DUNMORE LANG. The gentleman who received thecntluteral security did so with the perfect knowledge of the previous up. pointment of Mr. Pettigrew, at my agent in the matter. Yass Town Extension Reserve. His Excellency the Governor, acting on the behalf of HerMajesty.has been pleaded to reserve a certain portion of land known as the late Town Extension Reserve, and herein below described, for the exclusive use (so long as the same or any part thereof may remain unalienated) of the householders residing in the said Town of Yass, for pasturage only, according to certain rules and regulations prepared by the Magistrates in Petty Sessions, and approved of by His Excellency, and of which a copy may be seen at the Police Office, Yass ; viz. 1500 acres, counties of Murray and King, near the Town of Yass ; commencing at the south-west corner of a measured portion of 100 acres, and bounded on the north by a line east to George Barber's 930 acres, &c.; Exclusive of the farms of Hanley, Hardy, Hume, and Mackay, and of the Burial Grounds Yesterday's Government Gazette. Roads His Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, having deemed it expedient to open and make a parish road from Keilor Bridge to the Portland Hills, in the district of Port Phillip, a survey or tracing, showing the intended line of the road, is deposited in the Office of the Surveyor-General at Sydney, and in that of the Surveyor in charge in Melbourne, and all persons interested therein are to transmit in writing to the Clerk of the Executive Council, within one month, any well-grounded objection which may exist to the formation of the road. 