British Extracts. THE WOOL TRADE, &c.; ( From Bell's Messenger, Jan. 7. ) LONDON. - Last week's imports of wool into London were three bags from Auckland; 512 bales from Sydney ; 1373 ditto from Port Phillip; and 68 from the Cupe. We understand that supplies of fine colonial qualities are much wanted in the manufacturing districts, and that further public sales will take place on the arrival of sever.il vessels now on passage Liden with wool. The private contract market is very linn, and prices are well supported in e\ery instance BRADFORD.-The business doing in wools is not large, and the consumers generally are well supplied; but there is no inclination on the part of the staplers to submit to lower prices, seeing the prices demanded by the growers will not admit of it. The stock in the market is unusually great-, and at the railway depot there is au immense accumulation. HALIFAX.-Long wools maintain their firm- ness, aud a moderate quantity is changing hands. Short wools are m better request, at advancing rates. HUDDERSFIELD.-A fair business has been done in long woollens. In fancy goods there is a slight improvement, and the prospects for the spring trade look well. ROCHDALE.-In wool there is no change either in price or demand. MACCLESFIELD.-The demand for manu- facturing goods keeps pace with the production, and a continuance or this will no doubt tend to remunerative prices. The appearances for the opening of the new year are favourable. THE TALLOW TRADE.-THIS DAT.-Our St. Petersburgh letter dated the 22nd ult. states that the demand for tallow for forward delhery was in a very inactive state, yet prices were mostly supported. Common shipping sorts were quoted at 107,109, and fine Uk. aine 113 to 114 roubles, with 10 donn. The estimated sup- ply for, 850 was 140,000 casks, 30,000 of which were left over from List year. The total im- ports into London in 1849 were 97,132 casks, against 113,171 in 1848, and 89,824 in 1847. Those fron Australia and South America in- creased 50 per cent The stock of Australian tallow is now 4000, and of South American, 7500 casks. Since our last report, the delivery of tallow has somewhat increased, vet the demand for most kinds has ruled inactive, and in some instances prices have had a downward tendency. To-day, P. Y. C. on the spot is quoted at 3as. to 38s. 6d. ; and for forward delivery, 38s. 3d. to 38s. 6d. per cwt. Town tallow has declined Is., the net cash price being 38s. 6d. per cwt. Bough fat has fallen to 2s. 2d. per 8 lb., with a very moderate supply on often THE ORDER OF MINERVA.-It is announced that it is the intention of her Majesty to in- stitute a new order of knighthood for persons eminent in literature, science, and art. The Order of Minerva, it is said, is to consist of twenty- four knights.-Bell's Messenger, 7th January. DESTRUCTIVE FLOODS IN NORFOLK. THOUSANDS OF ACRES INUNDATED. - During the last few days the rivers Wensum, Yare, Waveney, and Bure have overflowed their banks, and laid under water vast tracts of meadow and arable land, sweeping away stacks of corn, hay, &c.;, drowning sheep, destroying the young growing wheats, tares, &c;, forcing the game from their natural covers, besides doin» infinite damage in gardens, homesteads, &c.; In those parts lying on the level in the parishes of Beedham, Blundall, Thorpe, Buckenham, Somer- I leyton, Mutford, Haddiscoe, Stokesby, Filby, j Câistor, and throughout the hundreds of East i and West Flegg, so great a flood bos not been ' witnessed since the opening of the railway from Norwich to Yarmouth and Lowestoft-the line but just peeping above the expanse of waters. Great and increasing exertions are being used night and day to keep the trains in their track, and to prevent the rails being washed from their proper position. Many extra hands are engaged to watch, and to be ready if such should occur, and to do all in human power to prevent any accident. More time is taken in passing and repassing over the flooded parts, so that the trains have been necessarily behind time. Up to the present time providentially not the slightest accident has. occurred, and it is hoped that the increased diligence of the railway company will prevent such. We heard of several' losses in the parish of Reedham ; one grazier had twenty-five sheep drowned, and another ten sheep, several stacks washed away, and the sheaves floating on the water. All the flock masters for miles around have had to send then* beasts and sheep to graze on the high lands, or to take them to their farm-yards and home-sheds. In several parishes in the same district some thousand acres of young wheat are under water, and in the parishes of Blackenham, Blundall, and Mutford, for miles in different directions, ricks of wheat, oats, hoy &o; , are to be seen standing in the midst of the rising waters, now full four feet in depth, ? which cannot be moved or even' approached only by a boat. Cottages and dwellings vof larger size, with barns filled with thrashed and unthrashed corn, granaries and malt-houses,' entirely sur- rounded, the inmates imprisoned, and forced to live in their upper apartments. Gardens, where floods were never before known to reach, are now inundated to the depth of several feet, washing away the «oil, potatoes from their pits, and destroying" all' that 4s planted therein. Through the- whole districts between Norwich, Yarmouth, and- Lowestoft, (a circuit of more than forty miles,) nearly two- thirds of the land is now lying under water,. passengers travelling by the railway appearing to be running over iuterminable limpid streams.-Correspondent of the Sun, Dec. 23. ^ THE ROCHDALE SAVINGS BANK.-The inves- tigation into the affairs of the bank by Mr. Kenworthy,' the accountant, progresses rapidly, and may be expected to be soon- brought to a close. Nearly all the books of-the depositors have been sent in, so that the actual deficit we shall shortly be able to announce. It will pro- bably, however, not exceed from £71,000 to £74,000. The amount of deposits made by unenrolled friendly, burial, Bick, and other societies of a similar character, is about £10,000. The trustees are exceedingly anxious that the depositors should receive back every farthing, both principal aud interest ; and it is but fair to state that from the first their chairman, the Rev. Dr. Molesworth, the vicar of the parish, has displayed the greatest energy, perseverance, and judgment in their behalf. The Society of Friends nave held two or three meetings to con- sider what steps should be taken by them as a body in reference to the private creditors of the late Mr. Haworth. The result of their deli- berations we have not ascertained, but it is sup-1 posed they will at least make ample provision for Mrs. Haworth, in the event of that being requisite. As we announced in our last, it is thought the defalcations commenced in 1836 or 1837, when the Rochdale branch of the Com- mercial Bank (generally known in Rochdale as the Rochdale Commercial Bank) commenced winding up its affairs, and when there was a balance at the bank against Mr. Haworth of upwards of £5,000.-Manchester Cowle'. Our Rochdale correspondent says:-"The sick societies which are not enrolled, and have money in the Rochdale Savings Bank, have meetings every night in the week. It is said to be doubtful whether unenrolled clubs will get any share of the money that may be collected. The defalcations will not be much short of £100.000, and the amount of property towards the above is said to be from £20,000 to £30,000. The books have been kept in a curious state for the last ten years, during which the bank has con- tinually been going bad. The circumstances of the Rochdale Savings Bank will long be re- membered, and no doubt will tend to an ex- amination of the system-of other savings banks in this country. The greatest portion of the depositors in the Rochdale Bank are operatives." -Liverpool Mercury, Dec. '25. SINGULAR PROSECUTION.-The mxte of the ship Robert Burton, recently arrived at Phila- delphia from Liverpool, was charged on Monday with the larceny ot £1000, under the following circumstances:-Among the passengers in the Burton was a family named Carter, consisting of a husband, wife, and five children. The hus- band, wife, and two of the children died on the Eassage, and the other three children, the oldest eing but twelve years, were left without a pro- tector. When the ship arrived at Philadelphia the mate handed two of them over to the guardians of the poor, and to the third he gave a small sum of money and two trunks, which he alleged was all the property the father had on board. The child, on the other hand, swears that the father had £1000 in a small box which was on board the ship. The matter has been taken in hand by the St. George's Society. New York Courier. SHOCKING OCCURRENCE. - On Monday morning the family of the Rev. T. H. Davies, incumbent of Trinity Church, Nottingham, but residing at Sherwood, about two miles from that town, were horror stricken to find upon arising from their beds, that their two maid servants, who the previous evening had retired to rest apparently in good health, had been discovered in their beds in a state of insensibility. The room in which they lay was filled with smoke, and in one corner was a portable fire grate, containing some dead coke. Mr Joseph Thompson, surgeon, was sent for, and was quickly in attendance, but one of the women, Ellen Pierce, aged about 20 years, died shortly after his arrival. The other woman, who is named English, and who is about 30 years old, has been partially restored, and hoped are entertained of her ultimate recovery. It is supposed that the coals had been lighted for the purpose of warming the room, the night being severely cold. There was a fire place in the room, the chimney to which, however, had been stopped up by the women, in their ignorance of the consequences, to prevent the heat from escaping - Observe , Dec. 31. ANTICIPATION OF THE FINANCIAL BUDGET FOR 1830.-A daily contemporary indulges in the following cheering anticipations:-"There can no longer be any doubt that the Chancellor of the Exchequer will be able in the coming session to submit to Parliament one of the most cheer- ing budgets which it ever fell to the lot of a person holding that office to lay before the legislature. Everything is in favor of Sir C. Wood's financial statement being a singularly encouraging exposition of the pecuniary position and prospects of the country. It hardly any longer admits of doubt that he will be in a posi- tion, on the re-assembling of Parliament, to Eerfbrm the great financial operation which 1ms eeu the subject of conversation for the last fortnight. Consols are steadily advancing to the required point, two or three above par. Assuming that the contemplated reduction in the rate of interest from 3 to 2£ per cent, will be carried into effect, that will place at the Chancellor of the Exchequer's disposal the sum of £2,600,000 per annum ; and this, not for one year or two only, but in perpetuity. But this will not be the only feature in Sir C. Wood's forthcoming budget which will gladden the hearts of our over-taxed people. It is no longer a secret that he has resolved on reductions in the general expenditure of the country which will effect an annual saving of £2,000,000. These reductions will be partly effected in the civil department of-the public service, but chiefly, we are informed, in the army, navy, and ordnance. Between, then, these two features in the hon. gentleman's budget, he will have, in round numbers, upwards of £4,500,000 to dis- pose of. Nor will this be all. The revenue returns will be much more favorable than for many years past. It would not surprise us should the income of the country for the financial year ending 5th April, 1850, exceed the receipts for the year ending 5th April, 1849, by £2,000,000. This is, of course, only conjecture. Circumstances may arise to prevent the realiza- tion of our expectations. Assuming that our estimate of .the excess of revenue over, the amount received last year is an approximation to what the results .will be, the Chancellor of the Exchequer would thus have more than £6,000,000 to apply to the relief.of the public burdens."-Liverpool Albion, Dec. 31. MURDER OF A PUPIL AND SUICIDE OF HIS TUTOR.-An awful crime is announced in the Lyons Gaze'te of the 19th December. It was perpetrated at the Chateau d'Aroy, near Mar cigny, the residence of M. le Compte de St. Cyr. The count had an interesting son of nine years of age, who was not only very handsome, but precocious, and the pride of his parents, to whose great wealth he was heir. To avoid the pain of separation, the count had him educated at home. The child loved his master, and profited by his instructions. On Wednesday, the 12th instant, the youth left his mother for the purpose of copying a theme. At three o'clock the dinner bell ran», and his mother ordered the master and pupil to be summoned to the board. In a .moment after, the Countess de St. Cyr, hearing a cry of horror from the servant, rushed into the school-room, where an awful spectacle was presented-the unfortunate child lay stretched on the floor, and the tutor also, the latter in a pool of blood. It-appears that the murderer took advantage of a moment when his pupil was writing at his desk to give him a blow, with a log of wood; the next moment he cuf his own throat with a razor. The lad was found nearly cold'by the servant who went to call him to dinner. The despair of the mother and the grief of the father aie indescribable. The de* testable deed was, it appears, the result of a long premeditated design. The assassin had been treated with the utmost kindness by his Ïiatrons, and eajoyed every comfort. An in» erna! envy of the prosperity which he witnessed around him prompted this act of fiendish vengeance. THE SÖTAL INDIA AND ATTSTRALTA STEAM PACKET, COMPANY.-On Friday, the 18th of January, the winding up of this company's affairs came on before the Master in Chancery, Blunt, at his court, in Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, on the petition of Mr J. Yates, of Cornhill, and Mr. R. Ford, master mariner, holders of 100 shares each, and two of the I directors . The petition represented that the | company was started in 1847 ¿or the establish- ment of a regular c immunication between Great Britain, the East Indies, Australia, New Zealand, and other intermediate potts. It was incorporated by roval charter with a capital of £100,000, in 5000 shares of £20 each, with power to augment. It was to be lawful for the directors, whenever a loss of at least 75 per cent, on the capital for the time being subscribed had been incurred, to call a meeting to dissolve ; but this could not be done, as it was found impossible to convene a sufficient number of shareholders who had paid the calls to constitute a legal meeting. The directors made calls, but the share- holders refused to pay them. Business was carried on until April, 1849, when the affairs became embarrassed. From the report of Mr. Coleman, the official manager, presented yes terdav, it appears that 12,653 shares were ap- plied for and allotted, of which only 3720 shares were paid upon, amounting to £3211. The debts now due amount to £4827, assets in hand, £497; expenses from commencement, £7540. The list of contributors liable to a call has been settled in respect of all those shareholders who signed the deed, and of those who paid the preliminary deposit but who did not siy;n the deed. About 242 shares were taken in Madras, and 81 in Ceylou, and these have to bo considered. The total number of fehares not included in the list of contributories is 3925. This arises from their being considered bad, those to whom they weie allotted being dead, insolvent, or abroad -Home News, Jan. 25. PARLIAMENTARY PROSPECTS. - PROTECTION, | AND THE COLONIES.-The address of the Colo- nial Reform League, alluded to last week, or rather the Colonial Government Association, as it is at present intended to call it, is already in the hands of the printer, and you may expect a copy next week, should it suit your day of pub- lication. The eminent " city name" referred to as that of chairman is Mr. *F. Baring, and the array of members is certain to be very great. As in some measure affected by this move, the Colonization Society are likewise preparing a manifesto of considerable importance at the present moment ; and it is understood that they will prononnce in favor of the Herbert Scheme, like the Marylebone Vestry to-day, who have resolved actively to support it, little thinking what an old house they are preparing to pun about their ears. It is à fact that the summon- ing of Parliament had really been fixed for the 30th of January, till it suddenly occurred that that was the " Royal Martyrdom Day," as d«velt upon here a couple of weeks back in a paragraph written upon having seen a letter to the effect stated from one ex- official personage to another. The 31st is now the day determined upon, and the circulars inviting the prompt attendance of members for the despatch of " inijwrkint" busi- ness really mean what they say; and by the 28th February, the anniversary "of the expira- tion of the Com Laws, there will hare been work enough cut out to last Parliament at least the remainder of its seven years' lease-a lease that will probably never be renewed for half that term again. As far as the Protectionists are concerned, their efforts will only serve to amuse and serve ministers; but any day may see a g-eneral route in Downing-street in respect to the colonial attacks, which will be multiplied in all sorts of forms, and in both houses, till Grey nnd Hawes give up their bureaucratic policy, or give up.the ghost!-London Correspondent of the Liverpool Albion, Dec. 31. FATAL VISIT TO THE ICE.-Two BROTHERS DROWNED.-A melancholy accident occurred near Cjrencestcr, on SatnrJay week. Two sons of Mr. Thomas Bowley, draper, went to skait on the sheet of water in Earl Bathurst'« park, whither many had resorted, believing the ice to have become sufficiently strong. All went on well till about four in the afternoon, when, as Daniel Bowley, aged 12, was passing the middle of the pond, the ice broke, and the youth sank. His elder brother Thomas, aged 14, instantly rushed in, and, in a fruitless effort to save his brother, he also sank A ladder and some ropes were speedily procured, but the spar of the ladder to which the rope was attached broke. After a few ineffectual efforts by the elder brother to seize the rope, which, owing perhaps to the numbness of his hands,-he could not hold, the poor youth' uttered a cry of agony, supposed to be caused by a cramp, and sunk into a watery grave. Drags were procured, and the bodies were recovered in about three quarters of an hour. Messrs. Thomas Warner and Cripps, surgeons, caused the proper means to be assi- duously applied for the restoration of life, but in vain. The eldest brother, Richard, who was Eresent, havinsr also returned from school for the hristmos holidays, was kept b-ick by force, or he would have rushed into the water.-Observer, Jan. 7. AUSTRIA.-The Pesther Zeitung of the 1st January publishes a summons to fifty- three Hungarians to appear and receive the sentence of the court-martial at Pesth and Arad. Among this number we find the names of M. Kosguth, and of MM. Messaros, Guyon, Perczel, Splenyi, Stein, Vetter, Benutzky, Szemere, Batthyani, and Vokowitz.-Home News, Jan. 25. CENTRAL GERMANY-The Kölner Zeitung has letters from Frankfort to the 13th January, from which it appears that a compromise has been effected between Prussia and Austria in a manner which is decidedly favourable to the formation of ' a Federal State. The only dis- turbing element, and the only obstacle to a perfect understanding, is asserted to be Bavaria, and Bavaria alone is preparing for an obstinate and violent.opposition against any arrangement which would-deprive the family of the Wittela boohs of the advantages of a league with the three smaller German kingdoms.-Home News, January 25. t SOME.-Letters from Rome of the 5th Jan. state that the French army of occupation is to be reduced to 18,000 men. The cold was in- tense, and the roads were covered with snow. Other letters of a private kind state that the Very Rev. Dr. Cullen, many years President of the Irish College at Rome, has been appointed by the Pope Primate of all Ireland.-Home News, Jan. 25.' i ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH BETWEEN FRANCE AND ENGLAND.-The concession signed by Louis Napoleon and the Minister of the Interior, M. Dutaure, granting to Messrs. J. Brett, Toche, and Co., the right to establish an electric tele- graph line between France and England, by a sub-marine communication across* the, channel, arrived in town on Monday. The company propose to establish, by means of the electric telegraph, an instant communication between the two countries. The patentee guarantees that this telegraph shall, by the aid of a single wire and of two persons only (the one stationed in France, and the other in England), be capa- ble of printing, in clear Roman type (on. paper), 100 messages, of 15 words each" including addresses and signatures,, all ready for delivery in 100 consecutive minutes. THE DEAD OF 1849.-The following distill-, guished personages have died during the present > year .--* Ex-President Polk, Madame Recamier, Lady Blessington, Signor De Begins, Marshal ¡ Bugeaud, ex-King Charles Albert of Sardinia, King William of Holland,,IbrahimJPaáha,_the - Shah of Persia, Maria, Edgeworth ; Marquis ] d'Aligre, the French millionaire ; Prolessor Car- j michael of'Dublin j-Robert Vernon, patron of! art; Dr. Cooke Taylor, Frazer Tytler, the (¿iteen j Dowager.-Ojserver,^ < < , i PURCHASE OF THE-DANISH SETTLEMENTS ox THE GOLD COAST.-Yve are enabled to state, on unquestionable authority, that a protocol of a treaty for the cepsiou at these forts and settle- ments to the British, government was signed in Londou on Monday., One of the principal objects in view in this transaction is that of pushing the cultivation of cotton-for which the climate and soil of the Gold Coast are pecidiarly well adapted, and which is already grown there to some extent, and of excellent quality, by the natives, for their own use. Manchester Gua dian. A LADY BURNED TO DE VTH.-On Wednesday last a shocking accident occurred to Lad#\ Pim, a well-known resident of this town, by" wnich her ladyship suffered so severely, as to cause her death in a few honrs. Her ladyship was the daughter of the lute Mrs. Bruce Jackson, one of the leaders of the fashionable world in Chelten- ham twenty years ago, and had been some years married to Sir H. Pym, who was in Paris when the accident happened. It appears that on Monday last the deceased was sitting in her firivate room, and about three o'clock partook of undi, and was habited in a morning dress of light muslin. Her servant had only lett the room for a few minutes, when her ladyship threw np her window, then returning to sit down, it is supposed that the dranght of oir drew her dress into the fire, for a moment after- wards most piercing screams were heard irom the apartment, and, on one of the servants rushiug to the roora, he found the unfortunate lady in flames. He instanth took off his ccit and wrapped it round her, and extinguished the fire, but it was evident that she had sustained *ery serious injuries, from the effects of which she gradually sunk, and died about nine o'clock the next morning.- Observer, Dec. 31. 