ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of the Advtrliter. Tfitns is a story of sn old iady, who laid, < aba was eure (hat bar end was approaching ""' she bad lost sll teste for reading the of murdsrs in ibe newspapers. Tbe Courier has long been erincing tlgpt of decrepitude, bat we hardly fancied tbe poor old body lo here actoslly arrited to that pas* that she had loat bar appetite for honors. Yet ao it ia,the Rer. Mr. Foster can obtain do admission to iter favours as a correspondent, sod is basely thrust into her advertisement columns there to figure among 'asfo, extra-strong, so)id<t>ouomed Bristol'built brigs,"'* insolvency noiicbs,"" fst colonial weibers/' ' juvenile tcr»p.books,' 1 " tallow,rough fat,and fcilcben stuff," "amber mouth pieces," end " fancy poods of fcvery description " This is scant measure from »n anti-convict journal, for the Dj'td of tbe cause who bes cut off the head of ib.it •• gigantic difficulty' Mr. Carter, " and left biacarcass to " cumber the ground " " Off wilb hie liead 1 So oittcb for Buckingham i" Poor Goliath t he eurviveB at present merely as • ghost, the stars dim twinkling through bim beat out of time, in fact jDi0 eternity, bv Mr. Forster's deadly bit." The Courier might at least have bended the Reverend gentleman's advertisement " 'remendoua aacri6oe," when it ungeneraualy compelled (he Reverend champion to go a warfare at bia own charges. To be refuaed a bearing »t (be Transportation Meeting wee loo bad; but to be repudiated by the Courier I 'This was tbe moat unkindest cut of ell." True principles are at a esd discount since (lie last eipedienctj meeting. . Bat area the " ainnsler" with whom Mr Forster bes done badle must admit the meek and Christian spirit with which the reverend gentleman bears bis martyrdom. " Who knows" aays the eloquent oreior, who prayed in vsio far a bearing at (he Meeting, amidst obdurate eries of " turn out tbe manure-making, paraon, " that the feeble pravers of those wbo observed (he transportation fast tnav not have affected the results of the Meeting yenerdayl" It seems a pity that (he Launcuton Staminer, did not appoint another fast at which the feeble prayers" of the " small earnest and ikitbful bend" might beveeo far prevailed as to impose silence ('if tbe expression may be allowed) on the pec.of the Rev l\\)r. Foreterae well esupon hie tongue Mr. Foster has now completely dieposnd of Cnpioin Fenton'e denial ibnl tl,e reverend nraior intended to assert tbut few prisoners have rvgaised ibwr position in this colony by honest industry. That esseriion siauda now recorded as (he exordium of the speech which ibe Anti- Tranaportetinn Meeting would not listen to when iff. Forster cut off Mr. Cerier'e head. That is he would have cot it off, And we shall ne'er forget liini, Out a little tiling prevented bim, Tbe folk they rvotild not let him At all events, Mr. Forster may now commence the Leut, to the approach of * bicb lia refers, vcilh the fuh sttua fact tun ul luring plnyed out his carnivul titter lbt> ancient custom. But then ilie advertisement 1 1 canout forgive the Courier that. la it not too bad to leave Mr Foreter lu publish pitriutistn at so moch a line, when ibe Cornier bad nothing better to eay for himself than lo rtproacb Sir W, Denison for removing Mr, Lbamp from Port Arthur, end for maintaining Notfolk Island, (he first act being en cffect, end tbe second a cause of the diminution of (be num. heta of the prisoner population in this Island. Is the Courier about to pull off tbe mask and hoist transportation colourB? If so. I need hardly wonder that be hoists poor Mr. Forster over the ship's side snd condemns bim (o navigate " Ibe great sea of freedom and peace" in a bum boat, in the inglorious company of fresh mutton and kitchen stuff. He cannot koterer deprive tbe marowied orator of one solid source of consolation, ibe disooveiy of tbe (rue philosopher's stone shicb has manufactured gold out of " Band," snd can produce for its fortunate possessor a living from " manure" iteeif. Your Obedient Sertnnt. A SINCERE Attn TflANSPOfiTAHONlST. 