AMATEUR SURGERY. The Man in the Moon had recently the happi- ness of seeing, extended on the wall of a city counting-house, a large sheet of paper, givingco pious directions as to the steps to be taken in cases of sudden accident, household calamities, or violent disease, until the arrival of regular and orthodox medical or other assistance. Every one of the directions given, he has no doubt, were highly proper ; he only fears that during that absence of mind which the occurrence of sudden calamities is apt to occasion, the sage pre- cepts of the well-meaning author of the sheet would be apt to be either forgotten or jumbled up together in the brains of the students, so as to render both one and the other-that is to say, the maxims and the disciples-equally I useless. I The Man in Hie Moon, however, determined to put the matter to the test. Having, there- fore, by means of exhibiting beer in considera- ble quantities, produced in the minds of the clerks an artificial state of bewilderment simi- lar to that generally engendered by sudden alarm and perplexity, he seized tho critical moment for examining the young gentlemen in their knowledge of the contents ot the advising placard, and he subjoins below a full report of the investigation ; - Man in the Moon (suddenly)-What would . you do in case of apoplexy ? I First Clerk-Throw salt on the fire-apply a tourniquet made of a handkerchief and a ruler ' around the affected part Second Clerk-Yes, the neck, wrench it tight, and First Clerk-Send instantly for the sweeps Third Clerk-To set the bone, being careful to keep the patient in a recumbent position with his head down. The Man in the Moon-Very well : very well | indeed. Now, how would you proceed in the ease of a fish-bone sticking in the throat and < threatening suffocation ? j First Clerk-Throw water in the patient's face. Second Clerk-Strip off his wet clothes and put him into a warm bed [ Third Clerk-Laying the dislocated member ' across a small oask or barrel Second Clerk-Meanwhile strive to prevent the accesB of a current of air to the chim- ney Fourth Clerk-Administering half a glass of brandy as an emetic, every thrte minutes Tirst Clerk-And seek to soothe the nervous agitation of the patient by means of moral per- suasion and language of sympathy Iho Man in the Moon-Admirable ' No throat sticking bono but would yield to such a mode of treatment Now then, what would you do for the recovery of the person appa- rently drowned5 Second Clerk-lu the firBt place I would send for a doctor to apply the stomach pump - tirst Clerk-In the meantime administering the white of an egg beat up in mi- llard Clerk-And at the some time trying to force down the patient s throat Tourth Clerk-A mustard piultice Tirst Clerk-As well a i leeches to the tem pies, and copious applications of spring water to the injured part, loosening the neckerchief, and forcing the patient to take violent exer- cise 1 ne Man in the Moon having declared him- self satinfied, the examination was closed, and prizes were awarded, but not distributed. Tub BuiiL amd Panthbh.-A bull belong- ing to one of my acquaintances had gored so many cattle, that he was lassoed, and his horns were then squared or bunted at the points to prevent him doing further mischief. A few weeks afterwards a panther killed a cow on the savannah ; and from the trampled state of the ground, and the terrible torn condition of the same bull's head and neck, it was very evident that he had done battle for his cow. Ile was Becured, his wounds were plastered up, and his horns pared very sharp ; he was then turned again on to the savannah, where the dead cow was still lying, the vultures and wild dogs having been kept nvvny from the carcase during the day. " Well," said my acquaint ance, "I will bet you, Don Jorge, this valuable watch" (pulling out an old turniped-fashioned one, worth about fifteen shillings) "against one thousand dollars, that there will be a fight this very night," evidently valuing hi« watch at one thousand dollars. Of course I declined his bet ; but sure enough, as was expected, the panther returned to his feast in the night-time. And there must have been a very furious battle between him and the bull with the sharpened horns ; for the next morn- ing a very large tiger wbb found dead near the carcase of the cow, and pierced through and through by a great quantity of wounds. The greater number of these wounds must have been given after death, as at daybreak the bull's anger was by no means suspended : he returning every now and then to the body, and, rushing at it, drove his horns clean through it, kneeling on it, and butting at it in desperate fury. Besides the wounds he had received at the previous encounter, he got very btdly wounded in the last one also ; but it was bo dangerous to go near him, that it was only upon going for refreshment to the stream (of which he had great need) that he was las- soed, and his many gashes closed mostly by siwing them up.' I am sorry to say that this bull retained such a penchant for the .use of his horns that the y w?ro very soon reblunted, Byam's Wild Life in the Interior of Central American. Fker Trahe ano its Zenith.-But let the free-traders be of good cheer-they have done marvellous things. They have accomplished what no British statesmen, since the days of Alfred, have been able to effect. They have stopped the growth of our population, and, for the first time for four centuries, rendered it retrograde. They have sent from two hundred and fifty to three hundred thousand people yearly out of this country, for three years, in search of food. They have lowered the Irish circulation of notes a half. They have, with one blow, swamped the Poor-law Amendment Act in England, and rendered rates higher, even with prices extremely lower than they ever were in English history. They have ex- tirpated 200,000 cultivators in Ireland. They have cut £80,000,000 a-year off from the remu- neration of cultivation and the encouragement of the home market to our manufactures in Great Britain. They have lowered railway property more than a half. They have de- stroyed, at least, a half of the whole commer- cial and trading wealth of the manufacturing towns. They have made the nation depen- dant, in two year*, fora fourth of its subsis- tence on Foreign states. They have rendered the maintenance of the national independence, if the present system is persisted in, impossible. They havo destroyed £100,000,000 worth of property in the West Indies. The have sown the seeds of revolt in Canada, and rendered its separation, at no distant period, from Great Biitain, a matter of certainty. They have repealed the Navigation Laws, and thereby cut off the right arm of our naval atrength. They are fast laying the seeds of dismemberment in our colonial empire. They will soon reduce, if unchecked in their career, the immense empire of England to two islands, oppressed with tuxes, eaten up by paupers, importing a third of their annual subsistence from Foreign states, brought in foreign bottoms. These are tho effects of fkeb TiiADK at its ZENITH. What will they be at its Nadir}-Blackwood's Magazine for December. Tub Member pou Buckisohamsiiibk. His talents fail to win respect. His coxcombry is without grace j his seriousness without convic- tion. He has an active fancy, surprising com- mand of language, no inconsiderable know- ledge, especially of history, powers of massing fact8 into a symmetrical appearance of gene- ralisation, and a keen sense of the ludicrous and humbug in others. He is a shrewd ob- server of men and things ; but he has neither the eye to see, nor the soul to comprehend, anything much below the surface. There is little depth in him of any kind-thought or feeling : hence the want of vitality in all he does. He cinnot paint, for ho cannot grasp, a character; his sole power in that line consists in hitting off the obtrusive peculiarities, the j uttings out of an individuality. In his books you meet w ith nothing noblp, nothing generous, nothing tender, nothing impassioneJ. His passion is mero sensuality, as his cloquenco is mere diction : the splendour of word?, not the lustre of thoughts. Imagination, in the large and noble sense, he has none, for his sensibility is sus- tained by no warmth. Humour he has none, for humour is deep.D'Israeli conceives himself to bo a man of gonius ; in truth he is only the prospectus of a genius. He lins mag- nificent plans, but he writes prefaces instead of books. All the promise which allures in a pro- spectus arrests attention in him ; but be does not perform what he promises. He has aspira- tion, but no inspiration j ambition, but no cre- ative power. In his poems, in his novels, and in his speeches, you see that he means some- thing great, but has not the force to originate it, As an author, in spito of a certain notoriety and undeniable talents, his value is null. He has written books, and these books havo been immensely successful ¡ but they have no place in our literature-they are indubitable failures, or fleeting ephemerides. Ile has taken many leaps, but has gained no footing. Ho has writ- ten a quarter epic ¡ ho has written n tragedy ; ho has written novels, pamphlets, and a politi- cal treatise on the constitution ; but nil these works are as dead as the last week's news- paper. The most insignificant nicho in tho temple is denied them. If anybody looks nt them, it is not on their account, but on hin account. The noise they made has passed away like the vaccuous enthusiasm of after dinner friendships. They havo achieved noto- riety for their author, oblivion for themselves. \- British Quarterly Reiiew. Tua Little Hohn.-A politician as well as a strategist, Granville Sharpe, sought nnd ob- tained an interview with Charles Fox, to whom he had advice of great urgency to give for con- ducting the affairs of Europe. If the ghost of Burke had appeared to lecture him, Fox could hardly havo listened with greater astonish- ment, as his monitor, by the aid of the littlo horn in Daniel, explained the future policy of Napoleon and of the Czar. " The little horn ! Mr. Sharpe," at length exclaimed the most amiable of men, " what, in the nami of wonder, do you mean by the little horn?" "See there," said tho dejected interpreter of pro- phecy to his companion as they returned from the Foreign Office-" Seo thcro tho fallacy of reputation ! Why, that man passes > for a statesman ; and yet it is evident to me that he never before so much as heard of the little horn ! "-Sir James Stephen's Essays, J I ' CALiFon'íiA Book Keei-iko. - Generally, ' nearly nil articles command good prices in cash. There are few instances whcrrin credit is given ; and I was not aware that there was any credit nt oil, until the day I visited the Sonorinn camp; when a gentleman handed me the account of a merchant who hail just made an assignment for the benefit of his creditors. I send you one page of it, in order that you may have a correct idea of the credit system in force herp. You will see that the style of book-keeping is quite primitive and original. The head commenced thus : decant mik of John Sr nuire and the ptepte in theos diyyint; di. c. Reman Galpin, 41b. of flour. 4 00 George Williams, tho darkey white mun . 5 00 thomas Billia» the Spaniard resans flowers sugar. C (¡o Manell Sunches groceries O C Dt . lo 00 lied that lives with Dancing bill. 80 SO Dancing bill needles, throd shose itacklns . l8 09 tho man Hints In big tent piintaluna shoto. VU 00 Martin Unit has the woman Dt. 10 00 Inaca that has the woman with the big ring ia her ear .,. C3 00 the cozen to thomas bon« Dt . 70 00 hamilton for shoso Dt. 5 00 Tho boy I left tho tent with Dt. 47 00 IIoss Coleman Dt in all. U5 00 Ineuz the Sonorinn that stole the como flower bread . 87 00 Clicno in all up to this date. 13 00 John that speaks English Dt. »3 00 Poleunry flowris that cut the china man's hair, resons and pain killer medloine. 43 00 Vicente and his two sons S ounces In gold dust I lent.«. 0« 00 fuelle the huts Jockey credit lill morning pan. tuloona and shoes-red shirt. 02 00 Rissuis Kincde that man as got the shose for sizeri for the woman that lives near Cheney 5 00 dollars ono needle In all. 7 00 The man that was lame with romilsono. 10 00 The man that chums tile horse 10 dollars cash Tho Spaniard that took the jacket. 10 00 l.oreucho the Spaniard that lins the cattle. 1»7 00 fronk the man wats won that gambles. 30 00 Mandi Sayle», the Canaccer Frenchman, that has the whtto wife. 2t 00 and for two ounces in gold dust lent. ? in all. 42 00 The man that fits bbout the woman over the dry creek frizzles for her head. 32 00 The man that set up the store In tho new diggins for whats due on hutt*, candles scrap} s neringla sardenes coffee pantaloons pans red belts . 300 00 There, Messrs. Editors, is a true copy, as lite- rally as I can make it, of ono pago of an ac- count-book kept by one of the merohnnts at -the mines. Is it not original in its style, and considering the absence of the schoolmaster, an excellent effort/ I would send you the document itself, but I wish to-retnin it among my relics of the poid excitement.- Corre ¡pondent of the New York Tribune. Auohitect's Fbks por Wbstmin'Steii Pa- lace.--When the architects of the United Kingdom submitted their designs for the in- tended palace of Parliament in competition, it was, of course, with the expectn'ion that the successful competitor would bo employed, and paid as other Government archittcts nlwnyB have been paid Mr. Barry assorts that ho was appointed unconditionally to carry his de- signs into effect, at the commencement of 1837, and expected his remuneration would be of the customary amount, and that ho was not informed that the Commissioner of "Woods con- sidered £25,000 a fair and reasonable remuner- ation for what he was about to do, till the 1st of March, IS 19, when he had made such costly arrangements to carry on tho work that he could not have relinquished the employment without a considerable sacrifice. He therefore acceded, under a protest" as to the inadequacy of tho amount proposed, and with nn intima- tion that he should offer proof of its inadequacy when the building was in such an advanced stats as to allow of a competent judgment being formed on tho subj'ect." Still, he did accede, andon this the Government rests theirobjection. It may be said that he did wrong to accede, and there is force in the remark ; but the cir- cumstances, and the temptation must be duly considered against it. Apart from thi9, that Mr. Barry is fully entitled to the usual com- mission of five per cent, none will deny who know the nature of the work, and are compe- tent to judge. Sir Jeffrey Wyattv He received five per cent, on tho amount expended at Windsor Castle, and was also paid for mea- suring the works ; Mr. Nash received fivo per cont, for Buckingham Polac?, and the superin- tendence of piles of warehouses and docks are paid for after the same rate.-Builder. Goon Advich -If your income is moderate, pay for what you purchase, and the money you possess you can call your own, Punc- tually discharge the debt which you owe, and you will feel the ease of independence. The want of economy embarrasses a small income, and soon wastes a large fortune. Punctuality in the payment of a debt, and in the fulfil- ment of a promisp, is a duty which you owo to society and to yourself. Nothing is more ne- cessary to social order, and nothing contributes moro to respectability of character. Allow not hu account to bo presented to you twice. allow not a promise to be recalled to you oncf¿ A party of very respectable emigrants have left hero per Qupen, steamer, on their way to Australia. Wo regret having to observe that the Colonial Land and Emigration Com- missioners have declined receiving fresh op plications for a timi», in consequence of tho number of candidates still remaining on the list to bo provided with passages, which is a disappointment to thise desirous of bettering their condition in a foreign land. Wo believe that Mr. Sutherland, Government Emigration agent, here, is daily recoiving a pressut« of ap- plications for free passages to these colonies. John O' Groat Journal. A Tale of Tails.-M. E. Du Couret, who has been for some time engaged in tho exploration of Central Africa, has communicated to the Académie des Sciences some curious particulars of a race of Ghílanes who possess the append- age of a tail about a decimetre in length. His description of the instance which he examined is as follows:-"To convince me of the ex- istence of the species of man, having this ex- terior prolongation of the vertebral column, the Emir sent for one of his slaves, named Bellal, who was about thirty years of age, who pos- sessed this tail, and who belonged to this race. This slave spoke Arabic perfectly, and was very intelligent. I examined him, and was perfectly convinced. He informed me that his country was beyond Sennaar, through which he had passed—and that a language was there spoken which he had completely forgotten. He estimated the number of his race at about 30,000 or 40,000. He said they worshipped some the sun and moon, some the stars, others the serpent and the sources of a great river." CLUB-HOUSE FOR THE WORKING CLASSES. A most important movement is now being made amongst tho working classes of tho me- tropolis for the erection and establishment of houses which shall combine the advantages of a lodging-house and club-house, and shall also be adapted by individuals for tho purpose of their respective trades, when practicable. A very numerous meeting of masters and journey- men bakers was held on the 1st instant, at tho Argyle Rooms, Liverpool-street, King's-cross, for tho purpose of promoting this object, when it was proposed to establish in the neighbour- hood of King's-cross, a distinct club-house for the trade. Tho plan being unanimously ap- proved of, a committee was appointed to carry it into effect, The proposal was, to havo a building of sufficient dimensions to contain fifty or sixty bed rooms, for each of which a charge was to bo made of 2s. per week. There were to be warm and cold baths, the charge for the former to bo one penny, and for the latter one halfpenny. All the daily newspapers and a select library was to he provided, and there was to be a reading and coffee-room. Tho ex- penses were estimated at about £300, and tho income at £3G» per annum, leaving a balance in favour of tho speculators of £05. It was stated that there was no doubt that tho Asso- ciation for Improving the Dwelling Houses of the Industrious Classes would advance the money to complete tho undertaking. Dr. Guy, who has taken an active part in tho establish- ment of model lodging-houses, is zealous in promoting the present plan : he attended at the meeting and, speaking- in support of it, re- ferred to tim great benefits that had been de- rived in a sanitary point of view from model lodging-houses, ho instanced that in King s road, St. Paneras ; there wero 300 sets of bed rooms, occupied by 1500 persons, who scarcely ever required medical assistance, and stated that there had not been a single case of cholera there during the visitations of the epi- demic. The amount of deaths, especially among infants, had also been much below tho average.-Sunday Timet, The Cocoa Nut Crab.-M. Darwin, in his Voyage Round the World, thus describes a crab which lives upon cocoa-nuts, and which he found on Keeling Island, in the South Seas : —" It is very common on all parts of the dry land, and grows to a monstrous size ; it has a front pair of legs, terminated by very strong and heavy pincers, and the least pair by others which are narrow and weak. It would at first be thought quite impossible for a crab to open a strong cocoa- nut covered with husk, but Mr. Liesk assures me he has repeatedly seen the operation effected. The crab begins by tearing the husk, fibre by fibre, and always from that end under which the three eye holes are situated, when this is completed, the crab commences hammering with one of his heavy claws on one of these eye-holes till an opening is made. Then, turning round its body, by the aid of its posterior and narrow pair of pincers, it extracts the white albumi- nous substance. I think this is as strong a case of instinct as ever I heard of, and likewise of adaptation in structure between two ob- jects apparently so remote from each other in the scheme of nature as a crab and a cocoa- nut."-London Anecdote. 