ARCHBISHOP OF CANTERBURY. "Two affairs illustrative of the characteris tics of this prelate have appeared in the newspapers. The Anti-state-ehureh Con ference have been sitting in Lon<l >:i to give their testimony to the value of the volun . tary principle in religion, and clerical correspondences and parliamentary expo sures have appeared simultaneously to shew the evils of the compulsory principle. The Anti-state-church principle is a testimony against all attempts of statesmen and legis lators to govern religion. At a time when the idea predominant among politicians is to pay all sects in order to control all, there is a peculiar suitableness in the pro test against all sectarian payments, and a peculiar significance in the illustrations of the evils of these payments to be found in the late clerical letters and parliamentary speeches. The Rev. Wm. Masked, Vicar of St. Mary's Church, in the diocese of Exeter, feeling aggrieved in his conscience by the decision in the Gorham case, intended to resign his cure of souls. Prior to doing it, however, he wrote to his Bishop and his Archbishop, to ascertain from thern what, in their opinion, he really had the authority of the Church of England for teaching. Is original sin remitted ? Is regeneration given ? Is justification con current with baptism ? Does the gift of the Holy Ghost go with the laying on of the hands of the Bishop in confirmation ? Are orders, through t' e episcopate, of the essence of the Christian Church ? Such were the questions about which thi3 re verend gentleman felt perplexed, and con sulted the Archbishop in his perplexities. Dr Sumner, .although not a Scotchman, replied in the Scotch manner, by asking a question in turn—Are these doctrines taught by the Bible ? If they are, they are taught by the church. The following sentences contain the pith of the answer of the Primate :— Lambeth, April 27. Revetif.nd Sir,—I can only answer your second inquiry by another. You ask me, " whether you are to conclude that you ought not to teach, and have not the authority of the church to teach, any of the doctrines spoken of in your five former ques tions. in the dogmatical terms there stated ?" To •which 1 replv, are they contained in the word of I Gofi ? St Paul savs, " Preach the word." The church, at your ordination, gave you " authority to preach the word of God." and took an engagement from von that you would "be diligent in reading the Holy Scriptures." "were persuaded that they contained sufficiently all doctrine required of ne cessitv to eternal salvation." and " out of the said scriptures would instruct the peonle committed to your chartre." Whatever is not there found, and nothing which cannot, be proved thereby, is to be taught as an article of belief, or thought requisite or I necessary to salvation. Art. 6. Now, whether the doctrines concerning which you inquire are con tained in the word of God, and can be proved ! thereby, you have the same means of discovering as | myBelf, and I have no special authority to declare, i I remain, rev. sir, ycur faithful servant, J. B. Cantcar. Rev. William Maskcll. This amounts to saying that the Clergy of the Church of England have a right to ! teach whatever they think they can prove from Holy Writ. Every clergyman has the same means of judging as the Arch bishop. The Bishop of Exeter will have it, how ever, that the Church holds his views and condems Mr frorham's and the Archbishop's as heresy. The decisions of the Courts of | Law are hostile to the views of the Bishop of Exeter, and confirmatory of those of the Archbishop of Canterbury. The Church we may therefore conclude is without a j creed. To pay all sects in order to control all, is a maxim of our politicians. Now, it ap pears that the policy and legality of the Church is to feed all isms iu order to quiet all. A clergyman may teach anything he believes he has Scripture for. Every clergyman is to he his own sect, and all sects are to be endowed. Practically, and actually it has happened always that clergymen of every variety of doctrine have received the. endowments of the ecclesiastical establishments, and now the fact is sanctioned by the Archbishop of Canterbury, and upheld by the authority of the Queen in Council. The organization called the Church of j England believes nothing. This Church teaches nothing dogmatically. Dogmatic | teaching is left to the individuals of the j clergy, each to teach what is Scriptural in his own eyes. Such is Anglican doctrine according to Archbishop Sumner. And now for practice. The office of Registrar of the prerogative | court is a sinecure worth £12,000 a-year. The Archbishop of OanteiLurv appoints one person to the office, and nominates two persons to fill up the vacancies as they occur. Archbishop Moore named two of j his sons to succeed each other in the sine- | cure. One of these sons, Dr Moore, rector of Latchingdon and ITunton, now holds the | office, with other appointments, making an income of £14,963 a-year. When Dr Manners Sutton was Archbishop of Canter .bury, he nominated to the sinecure his grandson, the present Viseount Canterbury, then a child of ten years of age. When Dr Howley was Archbishop, he declared that his conscience would not allow him to name any one to the sinecure. Dr Sumner1 was translated to the see of Canterbury in 1848\. No such scruple restrained him, nnd he nominated to the succession to the sinecure his own son, a young man now studying in the Temple. By 10 and 11 Victoria c. 98, all appoint ments made after 1847 are subject to the .control and revision of Parliament, A Committee of the House of Commons is now considering this and similar offices. Lord John Russell declares it is one of those which must be abolished or altered. The enormous emoluments must be taken away, and the youthful Sumner will have no claim for compensation. To add to the piquancy of this affair, there are two young gentlemen in the Temple of the name of Sumner, one the son of the Archbishop oi Canterbury, and the other of the Bishop of Winchester. The son of the Bishop indignantly repudiates the transaction—"If I there be any blame attaching to the' appointment, the party accepting it must be held to be a particeps cr minis; and I desire it to be fully known that I haVe not received the appointment, but that the Archbishop of Canterbury has given it to his own son." An organization, called a church, with out any doctrines, but with large sine cures ! Such is the Church of England. What a clergyman is authorized to teach the Archbishop may not say ; but be may nominate to sinecures £12,000 a-year, children of ten, and boys in the Temple. How important is the testimony of the Anti-State-Churcli Association at this time ! It shows the essential viciousness of all attempts of the State to govern reli gion. The furtherance of a doctrine is a thing beyond the power of the govern ment. Money cannot inspire zeal for it. Police and armed men cannot enforce it on any conscience. But administrations and legislatures can produce displays of human cupidity under the cloak of sanctity, which disgrace religion, humanity, and common honesty. A Late Elopement at IIawkshead. The primiti ve li ttle town of Hawkshead, says the Kendal Mercury, usually so quiet and so innocent of the romantic, excepting as regards the scenery with which it is sur rounded, Iras been thrown into unwonted excitement by the discovery that two of its worthy denizens were missing. It was, however, quickly ascertained that their absence was likely to be of short duration, inasmuch as they had gone off to confirm an engagement which could not be securely ratified nearer home. We need not, after this hint, inform our readers that the ab sconding pair were a young lady and a young gentlemen, whose hard-hearted parents, so far at least as regards one of them, compelled them to flee to a country where the promptings of true love are treated with greater indulgence than in our own cautious land, and persevering affection meets with a speedier reward. The young lady was not yet out of her teens, is the only daughter of the chief ecclesiastical personage in the town, and the gentleman is at the head of the medical profession in the same place, where he ha3 been located three or four years. The travellers were early wending their way to the ferry, and on foot a considerable part of the way, fearful that the conveyance, ordered to meet them from the hostelrie, might be too late ; but the post-boy was faithful to his appointment (post-boys in variably favour such adventures, though in this case we believe he was not aware of the nature of his mission), and they reached the Oxenliolme Station in good time for the half-past five train north, and must have got " over the border" shortly i after nine. Their troth was soon plighted, j and the ceremony quickly over, and the j happy pair made one. How and when the "angry father" discovered the flight of his j daughter we have not heard ; but report says liis rage exceeded all bounds, and vented itself in a very unmistakeable way on the parties who (were in all probability quite innocent of participation in the base conspiracy. Action, however, was judged to be better than words, and he set off in pursuit, accompanied by one of the county police, but the youthful lovers had the start ; and as the electric wires are not yet laid down on the Lanca shire and Carlisle line, and an express engine was not to be had. he was fairly distanced, and the worthy priest at Gretna took a job out of his hands. The newly married pair, rejoicing in the completion of their bliss, forthwith returned southward, proposing to make a brief sojourn in London, till the storm should be blown over ; but, as if to prove that the course of true love never did run smooth, they were arrested on their return to Oxenhohne, by fhe official who had been left there, while the father had gone forward to meet them, should they have taken the eastern route ; and instead of spending a portion of the honeymoon in the metropolis, they were prematurely turned back to Hawkshead, where, if rumour says true, the bride of a few hour3 was separated from her liege lord. 