Domestic Intelligence. INSOLVENCY PROCEEDINGS. TUESDAY Estate of Mary Ann Ryan, a single meeting. Claim proved. Robert Berry, £8 19s. 6d. Everything, but the wearing apparel, belonging to insolvent, was ordered to be sold. Estate of James Elliot, a single meeting. Claims proved. R. H. Way, £27 15s. 2d. ; J. F. Johnson, £14 4s. 6d. ; Eliza Tully, £2 12s. ; the executors of James Simmons, £90 ; Thomas Webb, £18 16s. 6d. ; G. R. Elliott, £50 10s. 10d. ; John Williams, £67 10s. ; Obed. West, £5 7s. 6d. ; Nicholas Horseley, £10 ; and Robert Owen, £17 10s. Insolvent amended his schedule. The meeting made a conditional order for the insolvent to retain his household furniture and wearing apparel. THURSDAY. Estate of Patrick Hayes, a special meeting, at which two wit- nesses were examined. Estate of William Hipkins, an adjourned certificate meeting, Insolvent's application lor the allowance of a certificate of dis charge was granted. FRIDAY. Estate of Alfred Slaughter, a special meeting. A claim for £102 14s. was proved, and the meeting terminated. Estate of Henry Harms, an adjourned single meeting, nothing done. Estate of Henry Porter, a single meeting, when the following claims were proved :—William Brown, £1 ; James Casey, £1 ; William Nash. £1. The insolvent was examined by Mr. E. D. O'Reilly, and was allowed his wearing apparel ; furniture, &c.;, ordered to be sold. Estate of Luke Milward, a single meeting, when the following claim was proved :—Joseph S. Hanson, £667. The official assignee was instructed to sell off everything. NEW INSOLVENTS. Luke Milward, of George-street, Sydney, cooper. Amount of liabilities, £125 3s. Assets—personal property, £16 6s. Amount of deficiency, £108 17s. Mr. William Perry, Official Assignee. Alexander Bleakley, of George-street, Sydney, saddler. Amount of liabilities, £71 2s. Assets—value of real property, £10 ; per- sonal property, £14 ; debts due, £1 11s. 6d. ; total assets, £25 11s. 6d. Amount of deficiency, £45 10s. 6d. Mr. William Perry, official asssignee. John Richard Packard, of Parramatta-street, Sydney, surgeon. Amount of liabilities, £173 15s. 6d. Assets—value of personal property, £12 ; outstanding debts (exclusive of bad and doubtful), £33 14s. Amount of deficiency, £128 1s. 6d. Mr. George King, official assignee. REDFERN.—A meeting of the proprietors of property on the Botany Road betwixt the boundary stone and the toll bar, was held at Mr. Williamson's Inn, Redfern, en Thursday night, having been convened by the road trustees for the purpose of devising some means for putting that part of the road in thorough repair. Mr. Hollinshed, one of the trustees, was called to the chair. He ex- plained that the trustees believed thay had a special claim on the residents, because the latter had no city rates to pay, no tollbar Iike that at Smith Head Road to keep them from passing freely at all times to the city, and that as there was not more than a twelfth part of the tolls received from outward traffic with the city, it was clear that unless the residents contributed towards the making of the road voluntarily the only resource the trust would have would be to make the road themselves, and compel the parties most bene- fited to contribute by removing the tollbar to the boundary stone, a course which they would not adopt except as a last alternative. The trustees were willing to advance two-thirds of the money re- quired if the inhabitants raised the other third amongst them, a proposal which was considered fair and reasonable ; and a com- mittee being appointed, consisting of Messrs. Williamson, Spence, Alexander, Ediott, and Toole, a subscription was commenced, and the committee expected that the necessary, amount would be raised in the course of a week, so that operations may be begun forthwith. STEALING SPERM OIL.—A man named George Malinck, who for sometime past has been in the employment of Mr. Friend, tinplate worker and oil merchant, in York-street, was on Wednesday last brought up at the police office on a charge of stealing two bottles of sperm oil from his master's store, situated near the shop. It appeared that Mr. Friend, from having seen two empty bottles for some days past lying in the store, suspected that the prisoner intended to fill and remove them clandestinely, and having missed them the other night, found that Malinck had planted them in the street, whence, after getting the shop closed and the coast clear, he meant to have finally removed them. Other evidence clearly traced the prisoner's abstraction of the oil ; and having nothing to say in his defence, he was fully committed to take his trial for the theft. SUSPECTED PLATE ROBBERY.—A man named Thomas Hale was confined the other day for being drank, and on searching him Sergeant Garvin discovered in his pocket a pawnticket for a silver spoon, on which he had received an advance of three shillings ; and the Sergeant thinking, from his stating that he had picked up the ticket in the street, that all was not right, caused an inquiry to be instituted, when the spoon was procured from the person with whom it had been pledged. It is of good silver, but of rather antiquated fabric, and bears the initials of J C.L , supposed to be part of some plate stolen sometime ago from a Mr. John Copeland Lethbridge. Hale afterwards implicated one Lazarus Bamett, as in some way or other connected with the pawning of the spoon ; and Barnett being apprehended on suspicion, both parties were brought before the court on Thursday, and remanded till that day week, in order to afford time for making farther inquiry respecting the property. Crrr Co'iscit. — On Tue-dav last, a spec'al meeting of this bedy was held to consider an Address to the Governor, relative to the late meeting at the Circular Quay. After a good deal of discussion, an Address, condemnatory of fiie course pursued by the citizens, and " of the coarse personal invective, the inflaraaiory and insulting language used towards his Excellency by some of the speakers on that occasion," and expressive of their confidence and " satisfaction with the general mildness and impartiality of his Excellency's administration," was adopted. Several amendments were moved, but the Address was carried, on a division, as fo lows : — Against the Address: Messrs. Thnriow. Brown, Fisher, Macdonald, and Driver. For ltT Messrs. Egan, Robert?, Ryan, Peden, Wilkie, Little, Moffitt, Moore, Thornton, and Fay? Van Dibmrn's Land Expirkbn. — There is so much talk about this CJlony being inundated by shoals of Van Diemen's Land ex pirees, that anything that can throw.any light oh the sabjeot, and ailay unnecessary apprehension, will Be welcomed by the public. We hasten, then, to assure them that remarkably few of thio class have hitherto made Sydney their abiding place, and further . than this, we de'y them to remain long if they are ever so much in clined. They are declared, by Act of Coanoii, to be rogues and vagabonds, if they are found anywhere in the Colony without hav ing their names and residences entered at ihe Police Office oc the distriot, and are liable to be imprisoned at any time if they are found a foot beyond their bounds. They are, at ail times in Syd ney, as closely watched as common thieves, are m re narrowly looked af er than Norfolk Island expirees, ani so hateful is the surveillance of the police to the few that we hare occasionally seen, that they seldom remain many days after their arrival if they are discovered ; and it is right that all parties should be aware that these expirees are liable to he apprehended at any moment, and »he burden of proving that they are not amenable to the Act rests upon the prisoner, not. upon the apprehender, although un fortunately a fjolish decision of our foolish magistracy induced a o entrary impression, which ought at once to be correoted by a S'.riot and liter U ii'te-pretation of 'he statu 'e. If the law o" regis- trati m i-> oarried in o effect, we are by no means alarmed a', inun dations of expirees. A Ghost Story aboucthb Drami — I app ared in Sydney and visited one of my former baunts, a specious arena )aely the scene of a fancy ball ; it was taste'ully decorated, lights ere burn ing. the ornamented roof re-ech >ed pleadng strains, methnught an overture was performed ; suddenly a curtain rose, familiar and beautiful faces gleamed upon me, and there were bodies amired in splendid dresses. Here was choice work for the artist. aitHoniUS or his compeers ; but one ornament was wanting to complete the picture, where was-" the model for the sculptor" — the Hart. I groan — indisposed Mellifluous sounds fluted through the air, but the silver toons of one sweet voice swelled above the rest, it web , Mari tana's (Mrs. Gubki) ; sbe never looked or sung better. The pretty page, Lazarillo (Ma. Rogers), has improved wonder fully; her caro sposo (the King) acquitted himself fairly in the vocal department, though not his forre, but his countenance assi milated mine own — ghastly,— he forget to rouge. Toe Messrs. Howson were, as usual, powerful and thrilling ; the orches'ral. accompaniment heau i'ully eff ctive: the violin obligato, by Gibbs, electrifying ; the finale, " Now with rapture," was ecstatic. The curtain fell mid thunders of applause i it shortly rose again. Two sylphlike forms (the Mis-'Es Griffiths) appeared in oo-tume, ' figlia del regimento." and "tripped it on the light fantastic" through the mazes of the " drum polka" with such elegance as to elicit a np'u'ous eno ire. 1 was entranced; the curtain fell a second time as before — m>ne hour was come— I vanished. Ttie opera presented a new feature— galvanism was brought into play. Don Csestr kills the Captaiu of the Guard in a duel, resusoitation immediately takes place — the victim appears and captures his aggressor. C >uld no one be found in room of the slain ? — Phan tasm.. Philothea trikou. ROBBERY AT COOK'S RIVER.—At half-past ten o'clock on Wed- nesday night two men knocked at the door of a house occupied by John Boyle.. Cook's River, on pretence of getting a light to their pipes, and on the door being opened to them rushed in, one armed with a bludgeon, bailed Boyle up in a corner while the other went into the bedroom and ransacked the boxes, from which the follow- ing articles were stolen, viz. : a silver watch, engine turned, maker's name J B. on the plate ; one tweed coat, velvet collar ; one pair moleskin trousers, a plaid vest, scarlet silk handkerchief, three coloured ditto, and two pounds five shillings in money. The whole of the property stolen is valued at seven pounds seventeen shillings. Effects of an Exchange — At tbe cloa( of the School case, on Tnursday afternoon, last wek, a group of loungers assembled in the Pvihce Office yard, discussing 'ha- why or wherefore Dr. Colyar retired from the J P. -ship. One assigned indisposition, another some other cause, when one of the inspectors, remarkable for his tact and integrity , said he oould throw some light on the subject, which he did to the amusement of bis auditory, hy stating that be was in Court on a certain occasion, when the Doctor, on taking his seat oa the Bench, placed his Gossamer at his left hand, shortly after a witness was called into the box, who placed bis two and ninepenny alongside the respectable magistrates thirty shil lings worth, and by tbe least possible mistake made an exchange ; when tbe business of the day was over, the Doctor, to his chagrin, found his loss, and worst of all the tile wouldn't fit— hence rose his apathy to the magisterial dignity: and that, continued the worthy inspector, is the reason that Carroll keepB such a look out after tbe Magistrates' hats! The Citizens Return Ball.— Confessedly, 'on Thursday evening the most agreeable assemble and animating soene of the season took place at the Royal Hotel. It is at all times a pleasureable spectacle to behold a compliment so earnestly shown as this evening manifested towards the Mayor of Sydney ; and although it was not on such a magnificent scale as the one given by him lately to the citizens, yet it was in every respect sufficiently crowded, not to make the room disagreeable to the . silk and satin lessees of David Jones's splendid establishment. The guard of honor arrived about nine o'clock, and a litrle before ten his Excellency and the Hon. Mrs. Keith Stewart, accompanied by his suite, and followed by the General with his Aides, entered the ball-room, when the enthusiasm of the evening commenced. Colonel Blootn field and the 1 1th had already arrived. Taking the company in round numbers, there must have been 450 in the room ; and quite enough too. to allow room for the " fairy sprites" and none for " pantaloon." The bail room was most tastefully decorated with festoons of wild flowers aid shrubs, the choice sets having been selected in making an immense target, placed at the end of the room, with the motto : M Welcome the Mayor and Mayoress," encircled, in medallion fashion, withiD wreaths of flowers. Tbe fair sex, as usual, brilliantly surpassed in nnmistakeable determination everything in fancy costume and cap tivating appearance. Many of tbe men looked as usual more like " mourning coaches in a snow storm" (amongst them), with their eternal " used-up" black and all black partialities; and but for the military in their glittering uniforms, the civil authorities and the citizens themselves, who spared no expense in complimenting the Mayor by adapting for the oocasion every sort of cCBtume from the fonr quarters of the globe, there would have been no '' tableau de costume" at all, nor difference beyond a common evening hop at home. The supper room was admirably and abundantly kept up to the last hour, evoking, as is always tbe case, the greatest praise to Mr. Sparkes. Dancing was kept up very— very late ; indeea, past five o'olock seemed to have but very little effect on the regular terpsichorean corps, who are never heard to say—" hold— enough." Not the slightest accident occurred, or disagree ible circumstance whatever. The whole went off outside and in as it should do. There were two bauds of music, the splendid 1 1 tb, and the city band under tbe excellent direction of Mr. HudsoD. This being the third ball given at the Royal with eclat, it is hoped the "fashion" will be kept np, if it were only — as the great " Chal- mnr" Bald— -to ahnv thn InflnnnM unnial intArflnnmfl has In- clvilizino mankind.— -Communicated, Important Gakr-tHbartlbsr. Conduct op thb Master of an Immigrant Ship. -William P. Morphew, master of the ship Tippoo Siib, which arrived here abont six weeks ago with orphan female imnigrantfr, was summoned to the Sydney Police Office, on Wednesday list, for . an offence against tbe 15th clause of the. Hired Servants' Act, viz , the. harbouring of qne Julia Daly, an orphan female immigrant by that vessel, although aware that , she bad ab sconded from her place of service. The defendant did not appear when called upon, having, we believe, sailed from this port imme diately after the Eummons was served upon him the day before ; but a plea of " not guilty" having been recorded for him, on proof of due service of the said summons, the case waB of oourae pro ceeded with aocordiogly. The following is a brief abstraot of the particulars It appeared, from the evidence of Mr. A. H. M'Cul- looh, of Elizabeth street, solioitor, (the nominal prosecutor in this case at the instance of the immigration authorities,) that that gen-, tleman hired Julia Daly from the depot on the 9th of August last, under an agreement for twelve months from that date, subse quently engaging another orphan by the same vessel, -named Mary Connor, for the same period. Both of thein remained in bis ser vice until the '29th ultimo, when they absconded from his promises at a very late hour in the nighc. leaving the doors of the house wide open. His attention was first called to that, ci'outnstsnoe by a policeman and thus only it was that be discovered what had occurred. The hiring of Daly to th's wit-e«8 having been corro borated by a clerk iu tbe loam gration Office, Mary Connor, the other girl hired ny Mr, M Cullooh, was placed in the witness box. She stated the ci. cumstances under wt.iah she and Daly left tbeir place, hut said that the defendant had not. to the best of her be lief, any previous knowledge of their-intmtion so to abscond. She admitted, however, that they had bith met the defendant on the Race Coarse together before they left, and that .some conversation then took place between the defendant and her shipmate, which she had not d stintly overheard Sbe stated that she had, without the assistance or co-operation -of any one. carried the boxes be longing to herself and Julia Daly out of Mr. M'Culloob's house, and that she put them into a oab, the driver of which had been previously instructed by her to be in attendance for. the .occasion. The cabman drove them to an hotel in George street, kept by a \ man named Roberts. Captain Morphea met tbem there. They were shewn in'o a room, where they sat talking for some time. Witness and Dtly remained there that night; they slept together, bnt the Captain did not stop. Three days afterwards, they all — witcere, Daly, and Morphew— went to a furnished house at. New town. 1c was the steward of the -ship Tippoo Saib, who took the furniture there. There were two bed- rooms in the eottage, one of . which was ocoupicd by witness, and the other by J ulia and the Captain, Witness ae;ed as their servant until .her removal to Sydney. Captain Morphew paid all expenses both at the hotel and at the house iu Newtown. Witness never observed anything particular in the behaviour of the Captain towards Julia-Daly dur ing the voyage. He had, in her opinion, no chance o? any inti macy with her, or indeed any of the other girls, as tbe Doctor always looked sharp after them — very sharp indeed. Had got no money from Morphew herself, but had oeen promised something when he re urned to Sydney. William Araner deposed" that he had been told by a publican, named Roberta, landlord of the Windsor Hotel, in George- street, to call at his house, as there was a party there who wanted to meet with a residence for himself and his wi'e. He called at the Windsor Hitel accordingly on the fol lowing day, and saw there a gentleman who represented himself as the husband of one of the two females who afterwards resided in one of his (Amuer'a) houses at Newtown Did not know who' the party was whom he thus accepted as a tenant. He seemed a gen tlemanly man He took one of witness's houses at Newtown ' for twelve' months, and paid the rent in advance, for which witness gave him a proper receipt. The agreement about thehouse was in the name of " William Howard," and was so signed by- the party who took it Mrs. Roberts, the landlady, witnessed' the agreement, and also (lie receipt for. the rent, whioh was likewise in name of " William Howard:" Thought, of course, that the parties were man and wife Mis9 Eliza White, who acted as matron to the orphan females on board the Tippqo Saib, during part of the voy age. stated tha', not long before their arrival in Sydney, she, at the instance of ihe Cpta:n, made ah alteration- in the situation of Daly's sleeping berth, by which that female was placed somewhat nearer to the Captain's cabin. The Doctor "peremptorily, ordered that girl back to her former quarters as soon as he observed it. Never noticed that Captain Morphew paid improper attentions to any of the female immigrants. He made no distinction whatever, Mr. S M. Cushman, principal clerk at the Immigration Office, proved that the defendant Jiad called ac the Immigration Depot, and inquired, amongst other matters, where Julia Dily had- been placed in service, and nothing having then transpired calculated to create suspicion as to his motives for asking such a question, wit ness, witbont any hesitation, gave him the required information. MrB. Roberts, the landlady of the Windsor Hotel, deposed that the Captain of the Tippoo Saib came one night to her house in a cab, with a female, whom she supposed to be his wife, as be stated she was. The girl. Mary Connor came with tbem as a servant.- r Did not know tbe defendant by any name only as Captain of the Tippoo Saib. Witnessed an agreement- made by the Captain with Mr. Amner about the taking of a house at Newtown. The paper pro duced, signed " William Howard," is that document. Could not swear that she bad sjen the Captain sign it, but believed that he bad done so. He at all events asked her to sign her name in two plaoes as an attesting witness, which she did. The two women slept together whilst in her bouse, but Captain Morphew slept upon tbe sofa in tbe sitting-room up stairs, because " the Missis''' was not very well. Eventually they went away together, the Cap tain, Daly, and the other female, and had not been seen by witness sinoe. A person named Pratt was then called for the prosecution, on his subpmna, bnt not answering tbe case was closed. The Bench awarded the highest penalty for tbe offence, (£'20, with costs.) commenting briefly but severely on the aggravated circum stances of the case. We are given to understand that proceedings will certainly be instituted in the Supreme Conrt, with reference to this disgraceful aff future period, to revisit this Colony, CaUiIon to Apprsntices. — A lad named Joseph Hntton; an apprentice to Mr. Garland, farrier, in George-street, who has been . frequently before tbe Court for deserting er neglecting his master's service, and dismissed with a simple reprimand, was again brought up on Thursday on a similar charge. It appeared that he laughed at his master's orders, and duriog the bou"s at which he ought to have been at hi9 regular employment, was occupied in other trades men's shops against his master's express orders. Mr. Garland left the lad entirely in the bands of the Magistrates, as he had got the better of his authority altogether. The Mayor was reluctant to send Hutton to gaol : it was a course to which he never liked to resort ; but as it was Mr. Garland's wish, and as his brother Ma gistrate. Mr. Holden. thought a few days in the cells, with bread and water, would have some effect in bringing him to a sense his dnty, be therefore sentenced bim to three days solitary confine- ' ment, and trusted that that would have the desired effect. Hutton seemed quite careless, and was removed immediately to bis desti nation. ...V IfARRoWrE8CiPirar/M FiKB.— Constable Nevfh, while on duty ogTuesdeftight, in Yprk.Btret. near frhe, old,. .Military, fBrraok», ' hrd-U glasBjbireak in.oue of thu -upper wjndowsrof .the tpqbjic bqpe.pby.MriHawkins, oorperfef .iWraok-.streetfe; > He looked apii)d;i (teroeiyiDg a strong light,, warned the Jnmatis. that their 'house V ds. on .firey and on proceeding to the apartment 'found; it filled (With .smoke, ,thp window curtains and hangings on fire, while €wp.ob|idfpp were asleep in bed' opposite the window, and who. bnt forjNsvin'a time) y arrival, would speedily ha ve . been smothered ifjq.ot, burned to deaths - The fire was occasioned by the servant leaving a.lighted candle in the room Extraordinary sikrnck -r-On Wednesday forenoon, the Police Offioe, although quite crowded with its usual attendant spectators, was so extremely silent that, on walking into the apartment we thqqght that an extraordinary example bad just been made of some of us usually noisy frequenters. We migbt have beard a pin fail qpon. the floor— not a whisper passed from one to another, een the qommunioation of evidence betwixt the box and the olerk was in an nnder tone, and- on inquiring of the inspeotor the cause of the unusual good breeding " of the day. be very quietly whispered to ns — pointing at the same time to the table — " There are ho lawyers. here this morning!'' SuortlFi'iNQ.— A box of tea was. deposited in the watohbouse by a cabman named Maxwell the other night, under somewhat extraordinary circumstances. It appeared that he, bad been engaged by two men to convey themselves, and the chest of tea, and having taken them in bis cab to the agreed destination, neither oL them' had ; m oney to pay for (heir fare, and Maxwell retained possession of . the tea; as be knew nothing of the parties or their rerfd'etiCh/aftd ; afterwards brongbt tbe box to the police office as alrtadygtatedi A shopman of Mr. Stirling, grocer. Geqrge street, has identified the ohest as belonging to bis employer, from whose premises it had been abstracted by some thie«es, no doubt the very individuals who in trying to rob tbe cabman of' his fare bad the'mbrtifloation of seeing their booty, after all their trouble, taken to the l6ok>uu. where it is wonderful if they don't very soon find lodgings for themselves. Pickpocket. — A pickpocket, named Owen, was observeed, during the anti transportation meeting, on Monday last, diligently plying his 'vocation 'amongst the spectators, where he imagined his opera tions would escape particular observation. He was however very mucb'.'riecei tied.' as it appeared that Mr. Welch happened to observe motions, and seeing, him distinctly raise a person's coat from behind and insert his hand into the trowsers pocket; pointed him out-'in-a constable, to whom lie was given into custody. On being . brought before 'the Mayor,' the offence was very clearly brought home.to him. lt did not appear that he had been successful in his searehvas the party into whose pockets he had been diving, and whoTelt: the hand ' and saw the prisoner make off, did not miss any money ; but the Mayor gave Owen the benefit of the Rogue and Vngabond'Actt by sentencing him to six calendar months' im prisonment, with hard labour, so as to keep his bands from getting too-genteel or nice in tbe touch, by suob a tedious sojournment. 