CHURCH OF ENGLAND MISSIONS. Ox Tuesday evening last, pursuant to adver- tisement, a public mooting of the Bishops, Clergy, and Laity of the Church of England, was held in the Infant School Room, in Cnstlc roagh-street, for the purpose of establishing an Australasian Board of Missions, Great interest was excited in the meeting, not only from the importance of its objects, but also from the circumstance of its being understood that the Bishops of the Australian Dioceses would take part in the proceedings, and long before the hour appointed for the commence- ment of the business of the meeting every corner of the room was crowded by as respect- able and attentive nn audience as ever sanc- tioned by its presence the inauguration of a great Christian enterprise. Hundreds of per- sons were unnblc to obtain admittance. The Lord Bishop or Sydney, in opening the proceedings, read the advertisement calling the meeting, us follows : A public meeting of the Bishops. Clergy, and Laity of the Church of England, is appointed to be held in the Infant School Room, Castlereagh street, near St. James' Church, this evening, Tuesday, October 29th, at half.past six o'clock, for tho purpose of establishing nu Australasian Bo.ud of Missions, to be supported by voluntary cantributiona from the six Dioceses of Syd- ney, New Zonland, Tasmania, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Newcastle; and having for its object the Propagation of tho Gospel among the Heathen Races, in tho province of Australasia, New Caledonia, the Loyalty Islands, tho New Hebrides, the Solomon Islands, New llanover, New Britain, and tho other Islands in tho Wcstom Pacific. The chair to bo tnkon by tho Lord Bishop of Sydney, at seven o'clock prccisoly. A collection in aid of the funds will be made nt the close of the meeting. Having tims explained the object of the meet- ing, he would depart on this peculiar occasion from the ordinary course of proceeding, and previous to engaging in prayer he would call their attention to the concluding verses of the 28th chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel, begin- ning at the 16th verse. IO Then tho oleren disciples wontn-vay into Galileo, Into a mountain whero Jesus had appointed thom. I" And when they saw bim, they worshipped him: but some doubted. IB And Jesus carne and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto mo in heaven nnd in earth. 19 Go ye therefore, nnd teach all nations, baptising them in tho name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. 20 Teaching them to observo all things whatsoever I have commanded you t audio, lam with j ou alway, even unto tho end of the world. Arnon. Prayer was then offered np, after which the Bishop or Melbourne read Bishop Heber's well known and beautiful missionary hymn, which was then sung by a portion of the Syd- ney Choral Society. : The Bishop op Sydney then rose and said : It now became his gratifying duty to nddress to them a few congratulatory observations on the circumstances which had called them toge- ther that evening. It might indeed be suffi- cient for hhn to limit these observations to the expression of his joy and gratification, that so vast an assembly should have met together to do honour to their Saviour by holding out the hand of Gospel- fellowship to those heathen races, for whom, in common with the whole human family, His blood had been shed. Ho might stop hero, but to do so would not per- haps be satisfactory to them, nor did he believe it would be consistent with his own duty, and he should therefore proceed to say a few words on the great undertaking in which, he trusted nnd believed, they were all now heartily en- gaged. The object they had in view was the establishment of a Society for the Propagation of tile Gospel in the province of Australasia, and in the Islands of the Western Pacific. With regard to the field in which the efforts of this Society would be made, as the Bishops of the whole of the six Dioceses -were present, he should limit his observations to the native races of this colony, and crushed and fallen as they were, he hoped and believed that some even of that despised and unfortunate people might be saved and converted by the redeeming grace of their blessed Saviour. Ho did not think that . ho Could express his views better in regard to what he considered their Christian duties to this race, than by reading to them a portion of the charge which he delivered to the clergy of the colony when it was an archdeaconry, in the year 1829, twenty-one years ago. This ex- tract would at all events show them that his opi- nions on this important subject were not new, but that, then as now, he had felt most strongly how necessary it was that something should bo done by a Christian community for the relief and recovery of that benighted race. On the occasion to which he had alluded, he had addressed the following observa- tions to the clergy of this colony : - "The last subject with which I shall at present detain you, is the condition of the native or aboriginal inhabitants of this country. It is an awful, it is even an appaling consideration, that after an intercourse of nearly half a century, with a Christian people, these hapless human , beings continue to this day in their original ' benighted -and degraded state. I ' may oven proceed farther ; so far as to express my fears that our settlement in their country has even deteriorated a condition of existence, than which, before our interference, nothing more miserable could easily be conceived. While, a» the contagion of European intercourse has extended itself among them, they gradually I lose the better properties of their own character, j they appear in exchange to acquire none but j the most objectionable and degrading of ours. The most revolting spectacle which presents I itself to a stranger newly arriving on these shores, is the sight of their natural occupants ' reduced to a state of worse than barbarian wildness by that fondness for intoxicating liquors which they imbibed from our example ; and in reckless addiction to which they are still encouraged by many whose superiority in knowledge ought to have been directed io some less unchristian purpose. But can tve satisfy ourselves, my brethren, that we have fulfilled all our duty while such a spectacle is exhibited before us ? Shall we-look on and see -them i perish.jvithout so much as anjefjort for.their preservation ? Natural, and much mora Christian "equity, points out- thaf-as in theoceupation- of their soil we are partakers of their worldly things, so in justice should they be of our spiritual. As through the tender mercies of our God, the day-spring from on high has visited us, we are solemnly engaged to impart to thom the glorious beams of Gospel truth, to guide their fett into the way of peace. I am aware of attempts having been undertaken with this wow, and of their abandonment from a sense of existing difficulties and despair of final success, llut from the very nature of the un- dertaking obstacles were to bo anticipated. Every advancement of the Christian religion, from its first origin to this day, has been effected in opposition to difficulties winch, in a natural sense, might be termed insuperable. Its ex- cellency and its derivation from a heavenly source have been best demonstrated by sur- mounting such opposition. It may be con- sidered after all a very doubtful question whether the erratic habits and inconsiderate disposition of the native tribes are in reality more adverse to the reception of Christianity than those propensities which its earliest preachers had to encounter in the nations they addressed ; the obstinate superstition of the Jew, and the philosophic arrogance of the Gentile. But | suppose them to be so¡ what shall we say r J Sholl we therefore desist ? Unhesitatingly I I answer, No. Persevere as you regard the ' honour of God, andas you value the soul of I these your helpless and unhappy fellow creatures. The very ground which we tread upon teaches us this lesson. What does it ex- hibit but the sublime spectacle of the triumph of civilized man over the ruggedness of the physical world ? And shall the Christian phi anthropist despair of having, in God's good time, an equal right to rejoice in the success of his exertions to produce a moral reform, and by spiritual cultivation to reclaim that human wilderness which extends on every side of us ? The feeling which I derive from difficulties in such a case, and would communicate to those around mc, is animation, not despair, God works in every dispensation for his own glory, and in his own fore-ordained times and seasons ; and his purpose in permitting the existence of such difficulties maybe to furnish an immediate exercise of our faith and patience, and, in their final subjugation, a clearer manifestation of his own Omnipotence. As a believer in the Scriptures which assure us ' out of every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people,' the worshippers of the Lamb shall proceed, I cannot bo persuaded that there is one nation irrevocably excluded from a share of that privilege ; I cannot be persuaded that when the religion of Christ is solemnly propounded as « the power of God, and the wisdom of God,' there is an obstacle to its progress which Eternal Wisdom did not foresee, and Infinite Power cannot remove ; or, that when we have n plain command to 'preach the Gospel to every creature,' there is an entire race of immortal and accountable creatures, with respect to whom we may dispense with obedience to the injunction. The duty is in- deed so manifest that I forbear any further to insist upon it. The best mode of proceeding may require moro extended consideration ; and our future attempts may be aided towards a prosperous issue by observation on the causes of former failure. " I hesitate not, however, to express my desire that as the Church of Eng- land is endowed with pre-eminent advantages here, she should justify tho distinction by loading the way as a Missionary, and by be- coming the mother of Missionaries who should attempt the recovery of tliis unhappy genera- tion. It is with God alone to give the desired increase. In due time we shall reap if wo faint not ; and, under Him, I shull look to you, my reverend brethren, when the suitable period arrives, as to the instruments by whose aid this design of genuine love may be carried, we hope, into successful operation." It was now 21 years ago sinco he addressed these observations to the clergy of the then contracted colony, and it had pleased God, in a singular and most merciful manner, to witness in his own due time, that those observations were founded in truth and soberness. It was true that sinco that period, the time which had elapsed had not passed without effort in the holy cause, but it had passed without fruit ; still he had never departed from the faith that the time would arrive when their exertions might mcot with their reward, and that time he now believed had arrived. It was matter of extreme satis- faction and gratulation to him to have lived to sec the words he then spoke fulfilled in so re- markable manner. That on the present occa- sion, in Iris renewed advocacy of this great Christian work, ho was surrounded by tho Bishops of the surrounding Dioceses, all of them distinguished by zeal in tho causo of their master, and their true and abiding faith in liis Church, and that Gospel of which they so well knew the value. It was to give that Gospel to others who knew not its abundant blessings, it was to extend that faith where yet it existed not, that they were associated with him on this occasion, and ho looked forward with renewed confidence to the realization of those hopes which he had always entertained on this subject. It was singular that by chance almost there should have been preserved a re- cord of his sentiments on Üúb subject, in n ser- mon which was printed by desire, which ho preached 28 years ago in aid of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. Those who had heard that sermon had many of them passed away from earth,-those that remained he should never, in nil human probability, again behold in the ilesh, but little ns he then thought he should be so closely allied as he since had been to the Society in whose aid it had been preached, the sentiments he then uttered were closely applicable to the Society they now proposed to institute, and ho should therefore, with the permission of the meeting, read a few passages to them : -" And may not I avail myself of our assembling li ere, this day, to remind you of the Btrong and evident obliga- tion which lies upon all of us, to second and assist this pious onterprize by all the energies and abilities wo possess. We are called, by the peculiar character of the times in which our lot is cast, in acknowledgment of the mercies which, as a nation, we have received, and in compassion to the uninstructed nations over which our dominion extends, to become fellow workers with God, in accomplishing the designs of his wisdom, by preaching, " Christ crucified unto the Gentiles." And, great should bo the satisfaction and encouragement which we derive from reflecting that we arc able to extend the knowledge of this grent salvation in its purest form ; that is, according to the model, in doctrine and discipline, of our own Esta- blished Church. In the bosom of thnt Church there exists a Society, whose object-that of Propagating the Gospel in Foreign Parts must command our entire approbation ; whose zeal, in that cause which is the cause of all mankind, whose caution in the selection of its instruments, and judgment in the application of its means, encourage us to hope that the divine blessing will attend, and prosper, its undertakings. If it require a farther recom- mendation, let me remind you that this Society is rendered venerable by the stamp of past usefulness, and by its long recorded labours in the field of divine truth. It has included, among its members, many who, in ages past, have shone like lights in the world ; and whose names are written hi the book of life. Men, in whose bosoms burned the purest zeal to com- municate to others like precious faith with that which they . had received ; but, con- demned to comparative inactivity, because the the time was not ripe for more extended exertion, they could only oller up their prayers, for such a conjuncture of circumstances as we have lived to witness. *. I tell you that many prophets, and righteous men, have desired to see," that opportunity for exertion, "which yc see, and have not seen it ; and to hear those," tidings of successful ministry, " which ve hear, and have not heard them." As an humble, but most willing advocate, I therefore recommend to your consideration the claims of The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts ; nn institution calculated, and, I trust ordained also, to turn the fierceness of mau to the eternal praise of God, through Jesus Christ. Whoever shall witness the day, when, through the Divine blessing on its exertions, the idolater shall turn lrotn his vanities to serve the living God, may contentedly close his eyes upon the world, exclaiming, in the words of aged Simeon, " Lord, now lcttcst thou thy servant depart in peace ? for mine eyes- have seen thy salvation !" It was almost impossible that words which had been uttered on so different an occasion, could have been more applicable to the object they were met to carry out that night. Surely in soma respects if the words had been written specially for this occasion, they could not have been more appropriate. Such a conjuncture of circumstances as that to which allusion had been made in the passages he had read to the meeting, had taken place, and it was matter of great satisfaction and deep gratitude to him that he had been allowed to see that the strengthening help of his Divine Master had not been bestowed on him in vain, in the senti- ments he had expressed on this subject so many years ago. The word* he had read to them proceeded from his lips in the year 1822, and he now repeated them, being as he be- lieved, closely applicable to the circumstances under which they were assembled. It was a great occasion on which they were met, and he trubtcd it would not pass by without fruit which should live in ages to come. Ile hoped they had come to that meeting, not merely out of curiosity, not to sanction with their mere presence the object they had in view, but to combine and resolve by combination to work out that object to a successful consummation. That they would not slacken in the great and good work till they had brought the heathen under the subjection of Christ's empire, and have spread tho blessings of his Gospel through the wild and through the desert, to the honour and glory of Almighty God and Jesus Clirist, their blessed Lord and Saviour. (Hear, hear.) Ile would now call upon the Bishop of Tas- mania to propose the first resolution. The Bisuor op Tasmania said : My Lord, were I to content myself with simply an- nouncing to this dense assemblage of the friends of the Church, the bare words of the resolution which has been confided to my care, their self-evident truth would ensure an im- mediate reception at the hands of all. They are of such a character that the most simple can understand them, whilst the most eloquent (and ho did not pretend to be of the number,) could do no more than bestow a commentary on a plain and easy text. The resolution states " That this meeting express its deep and heart- felt thankfulness to Almighty God for the spiritual and temporal blessings which He has granted to the Australasian Colonies, and re- cognise the duty of endeavouring to extend those blessings to the heathen races in their own neighbourhood." But, plain as are these words, and little as in themselves they needed any comment at his hands, it would scarcely be" consistent with the respect due to our Christian friends to pass them by entirely without notice. And perhaps it might be per- mitted to him to express his own desire to state in brief the reasons why he so thoroughly and heartily accorded with them. Two declarations are before us-the first expressive of our heartfelt thankfulness to the " Giver of every good gift," for the spiritual and tenipmal bless- ings which Ho has granted to the Australasian colonies. The second, acknowledging our recognition of the duty of endeavouring ear- nestly to extend those blessings to the heathen races in our own neighbourhood. In speaking of the first, he desired to confino his remarks mainly to the colony of New South Wales, though it will be readily understood that he did most gratefully acknowledge its truth with respect to his own diocese. And when he went back to thepast history of this colony, retraced its earlier days, looked at its deficiency in the means of seeming temporal comforts or spi- ritual blessings, nnd then compared that cheer- less destitute past with the bright and prosper- ous present, he could not choose but say, the Lord s hand had been with them of a truth. To look first to the contrast between their past and present temporal blessings, he secmod to realise their position some 02 years ago, when their first settlers landed near the very spot whereon they now were standing, and had to struggle for almost every inch of ground with tho wild bush, or with its wild tenant. Ile could picture to himself the solemn silence of that savage scene, unbroken save by the sound of the woodman's axe, or the cry of men en- couraging others to their toils. Ile could call back in fancy their early difficulties and priva- tions, their want at times of almost the bare necessaries of life, their toils, their anxieties and misgivings, the rude log hut or narrow tent their only residence, incessant manual labour their only refuge from starvation. How great the contrast now. He surveyed their harbours. He gazed on their beautiful bays, and then, in every quarter was the busy hum of active life-all tilings speaking of industry, of commercial enterprise, of successful venture, ships upon ships attesting the extent and im- portance of their trade. He traversed their streets, and there he found the Church, tho school, the hospital, the library, all telling ¡ their own talc of government liberality, or of private zeal and energy, lie went from house to house, from villa to villa, and there ho saw undoubted marks of something more than comfort, of an elegant refinement, that cannot but speak of independent means. Who can do otherwise than acknowledge that they had in- deed abundant reason to thank God for their many temporal blessings. But there werchighcr things than these. The resolution speaks of gratitude for spiritual blessings too, and well it may. For the first six years there was but one clergyman of the Church of England, labour- ing alone, and well nigh unsupported amidst the thousands of emigrants anti prisoners that were continually poured upon their shores. Whilst many of their numbers penetrated far into the bush, and their lived on, uncored for, it would seem, by that Church to which they belonged, and uncaring perhaps themselves, for her comforts or her ministrations. There were the gaols but not the Church-the parade but not the school. How bright the contrast now. Upwards of 50 clergymen wcro in this diocese alone ; presided over by their learned' and indefatigable Bishop, whilst five suf- fragans, in their respective dioceses, with per haps moro than thrico that number of clergy, afford good evidence that the Church was at work in the neighbouring colonies as well. Let their lot be what it may, be it rich or be it poor, there were secured to them now, blessings of which no mon can deprivo them. These were tho privileges which they possessed as a portion of their in- heritance as members of tho redeemed family of God. The Church's watchful eye was fixed upon them at every stage of their Christian pilgrimage. Tho Church's care pre- served them from the cradle to the grave. It met them in infancy, when by baptism they were taken out of the great family of the world, and brought into the household of Almighty God. It followed them to the school, where they wcro trained up in all things which a Cliristian ought to know and believe to lils soul's health. It brought them onward to con- firmation, where openly before the Church, they ratified and confirmed the solemn promise and vow, that their Godfathers and Godmothers made in their names at their baptism. It ministered to their instruction in all holy things, to the last sigh of expiring old ago. God s minister was ever with them, to rejoice with them in their joy, to comfort them in their sorrow, to soothe ' them in their distress, to teach them at all times, more especially in their sickness ; yea, to watch ever over them in life as one who had charge over souls of which hereafter ho must give his strict account. And when their earthly task was done, their mission accomplished, and they gotten to that better place " where the wicked ceaso from troubling, and the weary are at rest," still was God's minister at hand to speak God's own word of comfort to their sorrowing ones who were left behind,-to say with the holy man of old, "blessed are the dead which die in the Lord." Theirs then, Christian brethren, was, in this their day, all the Church's teaching, all the Church's ministrations, Theirs was tho Church, where, on the ap- pointed day of rest and privilege, they were gathered together as one great Christian bro- therhood. Theirs was God's own precious word as a light to their feet, and a lantern to their path, the one sure unerring oracle which, whilst it told them of the principle of faith, warned them also of the points of duties that were inseparably connected with it. Theirs were the sacraments of Christ;-the one which gave them the first gifts of God that one "baptism for the remission of sins," of which the Creed discourses ;- the other, mer- cifully ordained by our heavenly Father, as a means whereby the daily waste may be re- paired that daily sin will make in their bap- tismal graces. Theirs was that admirable book of prayer which had been so aptly called the true daughter of the Bible-a book that came down to them endeared by the blood of those faithful ones who put it forth, and who scaled, by their martyrdom, their testimony to the truth of the principles which it contained. It was theirs to be taught the high privilege to pray,-not as the benighted, yet polished ones of old, to an "unknown god," but to Him who had revealed himself to them as Creator, Redeemer, Sanctifier, These, Chris- tian brethren, wcro some, at least, of our every day blessings, and whilst he had thus feebly endeavoured to remind then\of them, had not many a heart amongst thom thrilled with the deep sense of thankfulness, for those most inestimable gifts, and instinctively recognized the truth of the resolution that he had put before them. Was it so ? Remember, said his lordship, that this resolution has a second pro- position one declaratory of our common duty to endeavour to extend those blessings to the heathen races in our own neighbourhood. Christian friends, it was but to little purpose, nay, it was rather amockcryof words merely to say that we were thankful-to be content with merely talking, and prating, and making speeches about our gratitude-our appreciation of God's condescending mercy-our acknow- ledgement of our childlike duty and obedience to Him. Words, all of them, without point or meaning, unless the life itself becomes tho language of the inner man,-unless the cn largmcnt of Clirist's prophecied kingdom becomes to us not a vngue theory, but a glorious reality, not a something that was to form a topic of conversation in what tras called tho religious world, but a holy work that was to be undertaken both in the love and fear of God ; a mission that was to be entered upon with a trembling sense of our own utter unworthiness to work even for a moment in God's vineyard : yet with a grateful consciousness of the high privilege of being allowed to spend and be spent in our heavenly Master's cause. That it was then duty to do all within their power to promote their enlargement, as men who desired to be fellow-workmen with God-he wanted no words to prove. He would rather turn their attention to their own peculiar position as inhabitants of, and settlers, in this new-found world, this rising empire of Australasia. King- doms and dynasties are not tilings of human will, or still less of what the world calls chance. They have their origin in that con- tinuous luw of Gofl's own providence, by which all things have their birth, and growth, and full development. Happy are they who so recognize this truth as to feel it an honour and a privilege to be allowed to play tlieir part, howsoever humble it may be, hi bringing now countries (which may fairly be regarded as the seed of fresh empires) under the domi- nion of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. This, Christian brethren, said his lordship, is your privilege. It is yours* by your faithful advocacy of the impossablc principles of Chris- tian truth, by on exhibition of your practical recognition of the great law of Christian love j to set that example, and to give that tone to generations yet unborn, that your remotest children may never have cause to blush for the spirit of the first lords of this fair and fruitful soil. For what purposes, think you, has God in his mysterious providence, given you as mysterious an ascendancy over this newly found division of the globe ? Is it that wasted fortunes mu;/ be repaired-or, that those whose sternest struggles in England would scarcely suffice to keep them entirely free from the troubles that beset them, might here find a refuge, a living, and a home. Oh ! not so ! Had not this mighty trust been committed to them, in order that they should realise the awful meaning conveyed in the words, " I will be exhalted among the Heathen, I will be exalted in the earth." Is it not that the first lords of the soil should go forth with the message of the gospel ; to evangelize the people within their reach, and so to strive to pluck this fair land from Satan's ascendancy, and, with God's blessing, to bring it under tho universal dominion of the Messiah ? The history of the past may give its light, as a warning beacon to the future, and tell us, as you well know, of ancient and of modern powers which lost their high place among the kingdoms of the earth, mainly it would seem because they lived for self, and not for God ; all mindful of this world, but all regardless of the next. And what if they refused tho warning ? what if they, as niggards of their bounty, refused to gird themselves to this mighty task and as mighty privilege ? Is it too much to stretch our vision onward, to look with a reverential eye upon those strange doings of futurity which are destined to succeed to this our earthly tarrying place ? When the poor savage of the Pacific is called upon hereafter, to answer at God's judgment seat,, for all things done during his abiding in the flesh, can we not imagine him using some such plea as this ? Those Christians came to his peaceful Island for tho purposes of gain and traffic. They made me a partaker of their civilization, but not of their privileges. They taught me their bad faith, their profligacy, their drunkenness, their sensuality, but they taught me not their own acknowledged creed. They spoke not to me of Jesus. They taught me not the way, the truth, and the life. We were consumed by the slow but sure process of all the contamination which our rude habits were but too ready to receive, and. we received from them nothing in requital ; nothing but the knowledge of sin, without its countervailing remedy. "We withered and wasted away before the white man's face, we lived in our transgression, wo died in our ig- norance." Is this a parable? Is this an alle- gory ? Brothern in the Lord, you know it to be a fact. These islands in the Pacific, though it may not be within their dominion, arc yet placed within their influence. Woe to their souls if they misuse that influence, or neglect to avail themselves of that door of usefulness which God in his loving mercy has laid open to thom. But there is no tume to lose ; this plague has begun. Even now the demoralising curse of tho white man's influcnce has commenced its deadly work. Even now, the coloured race is descending gradually, though percep- tibly to the tomb- the heirs of their vices though not of their privileges. Even now, that low has begun to act, which apparently decrees that these races should gradually pass away from before them. There is not then one hour, one moment to lose. It is the time to work, not to talk ; to do, not to deliberate. But two nights since they had been solemnly warned of all those things in language which none who heard it could forget to their dying hour. They were then told of their privileges, their duty, their responsibility, in words which thrilled through them, like the solemn notes of a warning, and it may be an accusing trumpet, and bade them, at least, lift up their prayers for tho remnant that is left. Again, then, he said, there is no time to lose. Up, Christian brethren, and gird yourselves as devoted soldiers, to the warfare of tho cross ; up, and be doing, lest others step in, and snatch the privilege from your hands ; up, in that faith which places so child-like a trust in the promises of-God as to believe that whilst doing his work it can never fail of his support,-in ' that hope which refuses to sec difficulties in the path, and does not look forward to impossibilities,-in that charity which so recognizes these poor heathen as brethren in the Lord Jesus, as to be content, for their sakes, to bear up, and bear on against all that may seem to retard the Gospel's influ- ence, or check its progress. _Up- with the determination so to lift on high the Gospel truth, that it may be, indeed, a light to lighten the Gentiles, and to be the glory of the God of Israel. Up-whilst yet they may, and quit themselves as men who knew full well that it was written that the night cometh when no man can work. Up-and be doing the Lord's bidding, lest they too be found guilty of being laggards in the Christiun race -lest their colo- nial prosperity may pass away like a shadow, with one wave of the same resistless, yet bene- volent arm, which has bestowed the privileges, whilst it claims the gratitude ; lost the awful sen- tence, " thou art tried in the balance and found wanting," proceed from the same lips, which stamped for ever a missionary character on his Church, by the first commission given to His Apostles, " Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature." Mr. Chaules Kr.Mr : Having had an op- portunity of seeing the intended order of pro- ceedings, felt that ho should be acting more in accordance with the wishes of the meeting, nnd better promote the great object they hud in view, by simply seconding the resolution, thon by expatiating on it, although the subject was most inviting. He trusted that it would be seen, that the vast assemblage had not been drawn together by mero curiosity or excite- ment, but that there was an intention and desire to carry out the work which they were about to undertake, and that when the Right Reverend Prelates had departed, and a few individuals, humble in ability and rank, were working out the details of the proposed Society, they would receive that co-operation and sup- port, without which it would be impossible for them to succeed. The Bishop of Adelaidb moved the second resolution, " That it is the duty of the Church in the province of Australasia to use its unceas- ing endeavours, by direct missionary agency, as well as educational institutions, to bring the Australian natives under the teaching of the Gospel ; and that sufficient evidences of God's blessing upon the past work have been afforded to encourage us to expect more enlarged suc- cess for the future." It was, his lordship said., with extreme dilfidence that he drow their at- tention to the subject matter of this resolution, for he could not but feel that the weight of ex- perience was against him, and that the Austra- lian nalive had almost ceased to be regarded as a being capable of being civilised and Chris- tianised. But their Christian faith forbade them to believe thai God had placed a barrier around any of the human race t'> prevent them from being brought to a knowledge of His goodness and mercy. He believed also that there were no such insuperable difficulties in the way of this great work as many had believed to exist. Another difficulty under which he laboured was, that a glorious sun of missionary enterprise was rising in the iiast, and hefore this great luminary the lesser star of the Australian natives waxed pale. But he would suggest to them, that through the misty halo which surrounded the greater lumi- nary, its importance was opt to be magnified, and to appear far greater than it would seem when it reached,its zenith. While al the same time the claims of the Australian natives were apt, from a nmihr cauee, to be undervalued. By the resolution which he now brought under their notice, their Christian duty and Christian charity were appealed to on behalf of the Aus- tralian natives, upon the ground of there being sufficient evidences of God's blessing upon their paBt exertions to justify them in persevering. The great Founder of their religion had Rssured them that the blessings attended upon exertions made in faith for HU glory should be as the productiveness of a grain of mustard seed. They must join therefore in prayer for such an increase in faith as would enable them to persevere in their efforts until these efforts were crowned with success. Promises of an ! increase of faith were vouchsafed to those who earnestly sought this blessing, and promises of success weiro held out to those who laboured! with faith in the Lord's vineyard. He would entreat them therefore to gird up themselves for this work, and by giving salvation to the heathen, to add to those bright jewels which already adorned the crown of their Hedec-mer. (Cheers.) The Australian natives had a pe- culiar claim upon their sympathies. They had possession of the lands which formerly be- longed to this race, and all the vices of civilization had been communicated to this unhappy roce, without any communication of the redeeming virtues. If these people had had the same opportunities of grace which were afforded to thoir white brethren, they might long since have repented in sackcloth and ashes. They wore bound, therefore, to extend to them the means of acquiring this know- ledge. In proportion as a nation or a church realised within itself the blessings of the Rospel, so was it desirous to impart those blessings to others. The people and the Church of Australia had, as they had been told, been peculiarly blessed in this way, and it was their peculiar duty, therefore, a duty which thoy would doubtless most cheerfully perform, to Beck the salvation of their sable brethren. (Cheers.) And he would now assure them that in spito of all the discouraging experiences of the paaUand fears for the future, there were such glean»' of success as would justify thom in pressing for- ward the good work with a hopeful reliance on its being ultimately attended willi the most be- neficial results. In their extreme zeal to bring these races at onco from darkness to tho light they were too apt to forget, that there must be an adoption of means to the end which they had in view. Without suoh an adoption of means it was scarcely probable that their suc- cess aould be great. They must tame tho savage-they must teach him and they must convert him. The two first might be done, but to ensure success in the last object required a moro perfect sj stem than had yet been sppliod. Even his own experience, however limited as it was, in the diocese over which he presided, had shown him how much might be done toward training the savage, and how much therefore might bo expected if zealous and well arranged efforts were made to ensure his olernal welfare. At the school in his diocese they had children from tho most dbtant tribes, from Lake Bonny and Lake Rufus, and they found that in these regions, and indeed along the whole course of tho Murray within the colony of South Australia, the traveller might poss with perfest ssfety. He believed that even an unprotected female might traverse these regions without risk of injury. (Cheers.) Quite reoenlly a poor bhep herd had been loBt in the bush near the Mur- ray, and having been met with by a party of the natives, they played the part of the good Samaritan, and conducted him to Wellington. It was clear then that the savago micht be tamed. As regarded the capacity of these people for receiving instruction, he was sure that up to a certain point, at least, there was no want of thia capacity. Between native children and the generality of white children of the same age ho had been able to discern no difference. But when tho children who had been taught and trained in their sohool, verged upon manhood and womanhood, then it was found that the want of an adaptation of means to the end in view seriously impeded their chances of success. They had no means whatever of guarding these young people against tho vile and de- grading influences of thoir own untaught and heathen brethren, or of the abominablo ritos which were practised among those people. It was some means of this kind that they must provide before they would be warranted in Bpeaking of the Australian blacks ns a race beyond the pale of salvation, and impute to the hand of God the consequences of their own laggardness. (Cheers.) It had pleased God to raise up in the mind of the present Achdeaoon of Adelaide an earnest desire and determination to enter peculiarly upon this work. While that reve- rend gentleman was negociating and arranging with the Government, a truly pious man, who followed the humble occupation of a split ter, wrote a letter urging the necessity of some immediate measures for the ensuring the salva- tion of the aborigines, offering to give up his farm and property in order to enter upon this holy labour. (Cheers.) Here, then, waa an opening whioh manifested tho watchfulness of Divine Providence over the welfare of tho hcathea. When he left his diocese, preparations were actively going on tor the formation of an establishment at Boston Island, Port Lincoln, to « hich the natives who had been trained in the schools at Adelaide might bo re- moved, and where, by a separation of 200 miles from the presence and influence of other tribes, they might be more readily trained in the pallis of righteousness and civi- lization. (Cheers.) They had much cause of congratulation, also, upon the Buccets which had attended the efforts of their Wcsleyan brethren, who had had a mission establishment for many years past in the neighbourhood of Perth. The zealous missionaries at thisbtation had succeeded in bringing many aboriginal natives under the strong influence of Christi- anity, and several of them who had diod, had, he verily bclievjd, expired with a full confi- dence in the Lord's mercy, and with a full knowledge of his power. The establishment at this place consisted principally of married persons ; and it was a most pleasing thing to observe the progress which had been mado by these people in the cultivation of the eaith and other arts of civilization. (Cheers.) He" could give them, also, the testimony of one of their own clergymen, the Rev. Mr. fopg. who was stationed at Freemantle, and had a school, in whioh some twelve or fifteen children of the aboriginal race were educated and trained in the way of truth. During his stay at this place he had himself joined four couples of this race in the holy bands of matrimony, and he must say that he had never seen a more complete attention to the services, or a more perfect comprehension of its sacredness, than was exhibited by those people. After the ter mination of the marriage ceremonies, the newly married couples all subscribed their mimes to tho parish register, writing far moro legibly than very many of tho6e whore marriages he had been a party to in favoured England. (Cheers.) He held in his hand a little tract which described the death of an aboriginal boy trained at Port Phillip, who expired at the age of thirteen with the commencement of a prayer upon his lips. An orphan girl, too, of the same race, who resided with the family of the Arch- deacon of Adelaide, was so affected by the family devotion in which she joined, that tears were observed to course each other down her young cheeks. When asked the cause of her distress, sho replied that she was thinking of her now benight« d father and mother, who had been left to perish in heathen bliudnc-s in the Australian bush. (Cheers.) If such an effect could be produced upon the sympathies and feelings of a child like this, might they not look forward with con- fidence to the salvation of such others of the race who should be blessed with the same means of grace ? He trusted that, by God's blessing, and their own exertions, they would not only be able to save the remnant i f their people from destruction, but to rescue them from their present degraded state, and to work out their eternal salvation. (Prolonged cheer- ing-) Mr. Charles Cowrna seconded the resolu- tion with great pleasure, and in doing so he should comply with what ho was sure must be the wish of the meeting, and not trespass on the time which would be so much better occu- pied by their distinguished visitors, in listening to whom they must derive a far larger share of gratification and edification than he could impart. But he would say in allusion to what hod been stated by previous speakers, as to the unfavourable chances of success in the great work they had undertaken, of Christianising the heathen in this colony, that it ought not to be with them a question of success but a question of duty. .There were doubtless many and seemingly insurmountable obsta- cles in the way. Thousands and thousands of pounds had been spent in endeavouring to Christianize and to civilize these races, but without avail. Even in the district of Port Phillip he believed that the protectorate had utterly failed. It must therefore be a gTeat gratification to all true Churchmen to seo this Society formed-in order to see whether under some better organization and under better and abler management, some benefit could not be 1 effected. There was now in the colony of New South Wales no trace of any efforts to civilize the native races, except a corps of native mounted police, who were, in effect, mero bloodhounds to hunt down their own roce, who were addicted to the crime of cattle »tealing. If by any means the regeneration of this race could be effected,it was their bounden duty to assist in so great a work. He trusted they would not separate until they had resolved on some means by which the experiment might be carried out. No doubt the work was an arduous one, and one that they must almrat despair of accomplishing. But he hoped this Society could effect much-but they need not let their efforts be stopped by the mere attend- ance at that meeting, or by contributing to the funds. Thero was great difficulty in resolving on thoso who could best carry out the objects they had in view, for those whose hearts wcro most earnest in the cause were already engaged in undertakings almost beyond their strength. He sincerely trusted that the interest which had been manifested in this cause would not flag, und that though the right reverend pre- lates to whom they were so much indebted, were soon to depart from thom, that the Bishop of New Zealand, whose heart was so deeply interested in this cause, would, in the course of his mis to look in among them, and remind them of their duty. Tho Bishop of Nsw Zealand now rose to move the third resolution-" That tho foreign < ffnrts of the Australian Board of Missions be first directed to the islands lying nearest to Australia; via., Now Caledonia and the Loyalty Islands; in the bopo that, by tho blessing of God, its missions may hereafter be extended to all the heathen rocos inhabiting tho islands of the Western Pacific."-If ho could have felt that his drawing their attention to the subject matter of this resolution would, in the slightest degree, have weakened their interest in the eternal wolfare of their own poor blacks, ho would not have said a singlo word. It was to the misery of the Australian black that New Zealand was indebted for the present condition , of its aboriginal peoplo, and he (the Bishop) waa indebted fur Inn own position. That venerable and lamented missionary, the Rev. Samuel Marsden, was first induced to direct his attention to the moral condition of tho New Zealander» by his observation of the misery and degradation in which the native races of the Australian continent were plunged. But their attention would not, ho trustod, be the less forcibly drawn to tho consideration of the Australian black, beoause of his desire to enlist thoir sympathies in favour of thoso benighted races who inhabited the islands of the Western Pacific. On tho con- trary, the one work would bo a material as- sistance to the other. (Cheers.) He would first draw their attention to the wonderful pro- gress of the Gospel in Now Zealand, and by marking this progress they might derive addi- tional encouragement to persevere. The first missionary efforts were made in the vicinity of the Bay of Islands, hut the news that such instruction waa to bo had was soon spread over the whole of the northern island. At a dis- trict on the southern part of that island, far distant from the placo where the missionary resided, the two sons of the chief were so de- sirous of obtaining instruction, that thoy left their homo clandestinely and embarked in a whaler for tho Bay of Islands, in order to bring back, if possible, a missionary to reside amone; themselves. The missionaries were by no means certain at that time as to tho condition of tho southern coasts, as to the safety of the attempt, but Mr. (now Arch- deacon) Hadfield volunteered to return with these young men to the place from whence they carne. A fow years aftor this, thrsa young men, who had in the interim been bap- tized, and became zealous Christians, finding that their missionary was not able to do all the work necessary to promote the rapid epread of of Gospel truths, voluuteered to ro along the coast in an open boat to convey instruction to their less favoured brethren. (Cheers.) Thus it was that many who had never seen the face of au English missionary had become Christians and civilized. At one place of this description, when he asked with somo feeling of diffidence whethor there was any one among them who was able to read, ho was told that there were a good many who could do so, and a class of thirteen was at once formed, who were ablo to read tho Scrip- tures as fluently as their brethren at tho Bay of Islands Could lhere be any greater manifestation of Divine goodness than was afforded by this rapid spread of Christi anity and civilisation over a whole country re- sulting from the exertions of one man ? He might well say that New Zealand nnd the New Zealandera owed a deep debt of gratitude to the memory of Sumuel Marsden, and of Chris- tian sympathy to the Australian blacks, whoso misery had drawn tho attention of that good man to the equally forlorn condition of the neighbouring islanders. The Chatham Islands aro brought within the influence of the Gospel in the same manner ; and when he visited that place, ho found there no leBs than 3Q0 candi- dates fur baptism. (Cheers.) The islands ot the Western Pacific, lying in the closest vicinity to the equator, such as New Britain, New Hanover, the large ¡Bland of New Guinea, might, he hoped, in tho end, become the field of missionary enterprise. At present, as far as he could ascertain, thero was not a Christian among them. The Church of Rome bad made some attempts to convert these islanders, but had been compelled to abandon these at- tempts in consequence of the savage nature of the p;oplo. At present, however, he proposed to direct their attention to the islands lying in nearer proximity to the eastern coast of Aus- tralia. His attention was first more par- ticularly directed to this subject during a voyage which he mado in the Dido man-of war, touching at the Sainóos, at Tonga, at the Friendly Islands, and at Rotumah, Bearing in mind what he had himself become ac- quainted with as to the almott miraculous manner in which religious knowledge" had spread .throughout New Zealand, he came to the conclusion that it was the solemirduty of all Christians, and more particularly of himself, to do as far as practicable for these islanders, what had been done in former times for the abori- ginal natives of his own diocese. ' (Cheers,) He remembered that mercantile men in New South Wales had been able to induce persons belonging to these islands to go with them, in order to obtain em- ployment, and he did not doubt that he should be able to procure in the same way pupils whom he might instruct and return to their parent lands. The result shows that he was right in this, He procured a small vessel, and in his very um voyage he met with so mueh success and encouragement, as detcrmiuod him to adopt some definite plan upon which he might pursue the work. He saw plainly that he could not contemplate the establishment of Christian ministers upon the islands, and he, therefore, brought the young men to New Zealand, where, after a residence of eight , mouths, they acquired a sufficient knowledge of the English tongue, and cutnmunicated to the teachers a sufficient knowledge of their own language, to enable them to understand each other. They were then returned to their native place, to exercise upon those yoeple such influence for good as the knowledge which they had acquired would gire them. This plan had succeeded so well, that in every place where there were persons who had been subjected to this slight training, masters might land as freely, and might reside with the natives as confidently, as in any part of New Zealand. (Cheers ) It was this plan which he should propose now to follow. The climate of these northern islands was such, that in the months of January, February, and March, they were moat unhealthy for Europeans, who were apt to suffer so severely from fever and ague, as to paralyse their exertions for the remainder of the year. In the intermediate period between these unhealthy seasons, the ¡elands might be visited by a small vessel, and a teacher left, from whom the people would receive some in- struction, and by whom arrangement might be made for getting some of the younger natives to accompany them to the place of their destina- tion. Until a better place could be provided, his own college at Auckland would do very well for training these young men ; and tho vessel, on her return voyage, might oall at the several station», and take them there. At this place they might acquire a sufficient knowledge of the English language to be able to read the Scriptures and to impart religious education to their own countrymen. (Cheers.) ." He preferred teaching them to road th. in English, became by this mea».* p,,u» avoid the delay andy diffiS^ ^ translations into « number oihL.L "** the islands of the Pacific I* «T gu¥^ to of Australia, the languages A"8 *? *»? much varied and at'onfuï^W! ^ lanna, he had heard a. many Û tanÍW " «nguages spoken on board the ffi^ÎfiS? lege at Auckland would at dS^'0* date some twenty or thirty pST^?»"* moro, atan expense of not more «^1^ ST. "«* ! % thero wa, an"jSÄi* kind ablishment, and various «?,». it. which aided in its support Ev~,!bi*te shown that industry mu« be JtoESS*** tanoou.ly with the^mp^AS? "»* «ruction, in order to ensureÍfig2± suocess to their efforu in the latiriS?'* therefore left these men O^S 1 of employment best auitedI Î? .Ä1 es and abilities; and UwasfounA 2 .lï* usually settledI down to som^arÄÄ of industry, which they steadily f^L 3 only missionary efforu of »£»-». "* which had bee/made in ÄR^ a clergyman of the Presbyterian cSurthM? had been sent from that Chun* EV" m£n'anÄanCte °' ^ ^S Uri miles, and who at present occupied « iUuW one of the New Hebrides. If ¿wri.«Í2!S had awakened to the ¡»porBikbSf. surely Now South VValeiT whi?h la» .^S? 1000 or 1206 mile.^ohÄ 'J not be less interested in the eternal welW their inhabitants. (Cheers.) Wh*,"LtÍÍÍ last thore, he was enabled to dothktoôd.5" aiotnry a service, which would, hetmuAiS only benefit the missionary himself, butisJS . tho work in which ho was so zesiou.lyew.SL A custom prevailed at these, at well tiToffi ' island! of the South Seas, of sinu^CT wives of those who were absent whoaiit». Z ? been away for a sufficiently lengthened ¿JS \- induce a belief that tftey MS abandoned the country. A nQgZ of the people of this island were awsT* Tarina, and had boen so long absent, thstptea. rations were being mad« to carry out ii horrid custom. The Chiof, naturally erutioZ applied to him (thoBuhop) to go with S vessel to Tanna and fetch those men biak Upon this he told them that they must nk their missionary and prevail upon him to ut» cede for thom. Thus constrained, they west li the missionary, to whom in all probability thtt had paid but little attention before, toi tS ' missionary of course made no difficulty in cob. plying with their request. He (the Bisht») was also equally ready in his compliance whee the intercession of the missionary had beat sought by the natives. (Cheers.) They the», fore went to Tanna and fetched «way the ma. Their visit to Tanna was, however, a most j», vidential ono in other respects, for they wen enabled to bring away the remnant of the French mission which had come to tkst place from Samoa, and had beet almost destroyed by fever ana ame. Xm people of the other island were to deliihtsl at the service which they had obtained taro»* the intervention of their missionary, that law held a meeting, and conferred upoílü« fti rank and privileges of a chief of the first eba, And this naturalization was an object of te greater importance than at first eight appear«! ' for the islanders had a practice of attributùf to the evil influence of such foreigners at re- sided among them, all evils of magnitude, seek as famino or pestilence, with which they aught bo afflicted. A ready devotion, too, was a» played among the converted natives, and than was an immediata offer made to replace, at Tanna, one who had died there while seeking the advancement of religion. The natives themselves, indeed, when they had once be- come believers in tho truths of Christianity, were always anxious to make their hesthtm brethren participators in their knowledge. This, then, should encourage the civilised ma to exertion. Ho must know that, when on» tho Gospel was planted among the heathen, all blessings would spread, as the seed upon the sea bird's wing, until tho neighbouring races Wcro made fully to patticipate in theo. (Cheers). Of New Caledonia they, like hit», self have doubtless heard many evil reporta. Captain Cook, who was generally an accurtit observer, spoke well, seventy years ago, of Um people inhabiting this large island, prefemsg them even to those of the group generally known ns the Friendly Islands. But no two opinions could be more at variance than thoa of Captain Cook and of the traders who hil made this island a place of resort. As fat a his own observation went, he was happy to My that it was confirmatory of tho report of Cap- tain Cook. When he was on the beautifti lagoon which surrounded this island, btt«ea the outer reef and the shores of the main lind, he saw a man fishing in o canoe, and he sp* proached this man in a little boat which he always carried with him. He found the mu perfectly affable Mid friendly, and, after an inter- change of the customary marks of friendship, he had no difficulty in inducing the uland« to come on board the vessel, where ho remained for several days. (Cheers.) He alto visited a beautiful district in the uland« over whioh a chief who bli been in Sydney-and who, as was not oftsm the case, had been improved by his visit-wa the ruler. When he was last there, this chief had erected a good house for him (the Bishop) upon the banks of a river, and would be very glad doubtless if he could get him there to occupy it. He believed, there/ore, that the inhabitants of this island were by no menu» bad as had boen generally stated, nlthoughh» doubted whether Captain Cook was quite cor- rect in thinking them superior to the Friendly Islanders. At this latter group he h»d wit- nessed one of the most interesting sighti he over beheld. About 200 children, who wete at school, dispersed at the word of thetescher, and returning immediately afterwards, es« with some little trinket or curiosity aa an offering, which they laid ú his feet, They subsequently followed him to the boat, which was aim«» filled by these offerings. (Cheers.) TM Fejee Islands were partially occupied by We* levon Missionaries, who had met with so mua success among this hitherto savngo people, aito induce a lively confidence In their continued euccess. At one of tho savage island« of titi group, two native women had been caugnl fishing, and according to the heathen custom, were condemned to be killed and eaten, -o« two ladies, Mrs. Little and Mrs. Cotterell, in the absence of their husbands, wenr off in a boat to the chief, and presented him with tflt ransom demanded bycubtim. By tni« inter- cession the women were baved. (Cheers). Mis- sionary ardour and devotion they roust see were not only manifested by the male sex, but were felt with equal power by their wives. (Cheers). At the island of Anatam a party m ; Fejeans had attacked and wounded mott se- verely the wife of a carpenter then absent ; u» ., Europeans proposed to kill the wWepartf» but only the man who actually 'nfl'ttBa.*' ,, wounds was shot. The rest, dread«« vengeance, fled to the wood?, D« one of them mode his way to the missiontrM dwelling, and lay concealed there for tturtj-s« hours, until he was compelled by hunger» como out and beg the missionary »'nterceJ3¿ which was accorded to him.. Thesei people then knew enough of tho missionary char«» to have confidence in one of that class, new was another reason for persovenng in thejwor* before them. At another island, T" great period had elapsed unce F^?TZ lost seventeen men, and within three witt« the very spot where the massacre oecmreu, there was a native mission^ established by t» London Society, and which had been ha. M over to him on account of lus being «o mu* nearer to the spot. Here he had met three congregations ; one of about 200 persow, seoond of about 100, and a third of a somewg lesser number. (Cheers.) There was «ob g person on the island, at the P««JJ time, with whom he could notita« lived on terms of the greatest cogence, and for whom he did not feel a hope thatAW would be made wise unto salvation. ("""¿i The work of Christianising these people^miga then be carried on with a good hope csucce* and at the same time they might carry on the work of civilising and Christianising the blacks of Australia. That they were not destitute of capacity had already been shown, and he had himself trained and prepared a youth of this race, who was deemed worthy by his Metropo litan of the rite of confirmation. The most important step was to remove the educated blacks from beyond the influence of the bar- barous tribes, and if they founded colleges, this could easily be done. The work of a Christian ¿LMion wa» often very slow, and apparently «¡îvfitlesa in tho first mel ance for a long O of Î««.. and equally rapid in the Ed At New Zealand they were fourteen ««¿s without making ony progress. At the Society Islands the time was even greater. AUhouah the efforts to convert the aborigines ni Australia had been hitherto without ma- terial success, he believed from the various Indications alreody mentioned that the time tad now como when they would be able, to do «rv much for these poor people. (Cheers.) Bv God's blessing and by their own exertions thev would also ho trusted be able to extend over the Western Pacific the same beneficent «T of that Gospel light which had shone so gloriously over its Eastern Islands. They oust earnestly pray therefore for strength to carry out their great and holy work. (Much Mr. Chahleb Lowb : In aid of a resolution, which was the result of the united considera- tion of their lordships-a resolution, too, so idmirably brought under the notice of the meeting by the Right Rev. Prelate who had ¡uit resumed his chair-there could be little, if " U7 thing/Tor a Tay seconder to urge. Yet, »hete was one subject from which he could not lefrain-»n acknowledgement of the debt of gratitude which waa owing to the Bishop» as Sanbled amongst them, by the lay members of the Church. He could not sit down without an attempt to give an expression to that grati . tude. But, in doing so, he should consider himself under the obligation expressed by the preceding lay »peaker«, to be as brief as poa ?ble. It waa due to the lntty to say, that as a body they had witnessed, with feelings of deep interest and delight, the important and solemn meeting in the city of thos i whom God's Pro- vidence had mado overseers of their Church ; and on their behalf he would take it upon him telf ti say, there waa not one of that vaat meeting,* nor of the hundreds whom those walls were incapable of containing, who was not ani- mated by a sincere desire to use nil his influ- ence for promoting the plans whioh might be devised by thfir lordships for the consolidation end extension of their Church. It was to (hat feeling that he would appeal ; and endeavour to found upon it a few reasons, in support of the proposition which he ladread. Deprived, as ho might say he was, of all argument by the higher intellects which had been brought to bear upon the sub- ject, he-had indeed no other grounds of appeal than that deep debt of gratitud« to which he ?ad referred ; and he would, therefore pro- ceed to remind his lay brethren, how on their ' Lordship»' arrival in thnt colony they had accepted the charge of parishes, and hastened to relieve the working clergv in the discharge of their arduous duties, líe could mention visits to the poor and sick-he could allude t>> time personally allotted to the examination and preparation of candidates for confirmation-he might point to the doily ministrations of the Bishop»' in the holy services of the Church, and fearlessly assert (with the assent of all,) kow great and unsparing had been the devotion of their powerful energies of mind to the spiritual instruction of the Church. All these things, in addition to the new and enlargod Seid of duty that was opened before them in the proceedings of that evening, he repeated, had imprea'fd his brother laymen with a leutc of respect and feelings of affection to- wards their Lordships, which they were wanting ia words adequately to express. That debt of Sai ilude he called upon the lay members of eChurch to repay, in the manner which would prove the most acceptable to those who had conferred the obligation, namely, by aiding, with all their means, the noble project which bad been nurtured, watched, and con- ducted by the BUhop of New Zealand, until with the conjoint and able aid of their Metro- politan and their Lordships the suffragan Bishop*, it had been matured for adoption by the Church at large. The mention of the alterably of Bishops, suggested another strong ground of appeal to the gratitude of the laymen present li y that assembly they had the opportunity of witnessing a full and complete representation of the provincial Church of Australasia ; they thus saw her placed before them in innate union and power-occupying in the eyes of Christendom n por ition of promi- nence second to none of the daughters of the mother Church of England-each Bishop inde- pendent yet all united- the whole in allegiance I to their metropolitan and to the Queen of England their temporal head ; neither re- pairing nor admitting of any universal power in man, before which the Churche» of England and of Australia, nay all the Churches of the earth, it wa* falsely pretended were to bow for their instructions in faith and dis- cipline. That happy meeting of their lordships in this city was then commemorated by raising pillar* which would endure as long as the »brio of ihe Church itself should last and though those pillars would be a memorial, by the inscriptions on them, to after generations M the present conference, yet the laity must not consider their debt of gratitude was thereby paid. While they would ever cleave to, and support, as sons of the Churoh of England, whatever might sustain her in the fulness of her truth and strength and influences, they must labour also to win for the coloured raoes of the surrounding islands and continents, the title of brothers in the same Church, and to glin for thom the blessings of an equal parti- cipation with themselves in the means of grace that Church dispensed. The BtíHoi- op Mblbocknk felt compelled at the outset of the observations he might offer to the meeting to express on his own part, and he w»s sure alBo on that of his right reverend brethren, their sense of the kind feeling enter- tained towards them, which had been ao well expreoed by the last »peaker. He could assuro them that he and his rev. brethren all enter tuned a high sense of the privilege which they hid enjoyed in the opportunity they had had of communion one with another. Such a privi ,l9 WM,' ho believed, almost unknown in any other colony, and they ought to prize it accord- ingly. It was a privilege not only for the ad TOusges which they might individually reap tram it, but also because it liff irded them some opportunity of offering relief to the over- burdened clergy of this dioce'c-for ovar Tr? -rhe cIwgyin a country like this must evert be, if w deep and earnest zeal they en- tered upon their appointed work. Another pnvilege which thiB intercourse afforded him was peculiarly rersonal to himself-it enabled m. once more to feel young again. In his o*n diocese he felt old, beciuss there he was «wea on on every occasion to lead ; here, Mwever, tnere were threo Bishops besides his «etropohtan, who were his seniors. He had «»tened to the speeches of those three right iw. prelates, and of the three laymen who had U? P0*!?' and he felt lhat thPre *«" but little .L?rhlmt0 nddin behalf of the cause in wsoh they had enlisted themselves. Z ^"".î.bfother, the Bishop of Tasmania. Eft!...v° ,e and el°quontlanguage, brought Worethem the contrast which the past and i»2T of l1"8 colony Presented, and had «sprcssed upon them their duty to acknowledge «oseoiessings by invitation to their beathen S!,nt2p,ar,?ke of them' The Bishop of «eiaide had addressed himself to the cause of «e aooriginal natives of this continent, and 2» fcSrni.not on,y what had nlrettdy bee« Sí1' "hat m¡ght he cffoctedt Th0^;ihop KL . nd had 8',vcn thotn tlie result of X?^Te as t0 tho fie,d th,»t »de open to thaw«? °« m the interesting islands of Z w-,n Faclßc' Th" »'ghi reverend pre wlil"m,plland forcibly expressed hie W Ci.i' Ü the,ch"aoter of tho natives of Zhi ^,,and had «kelched out to them a traa «fi.7!"u th.eir conver6ion and regenera MÄh\be ,fec^d- H» («»» Bishop of ¡SA? C°uU,d add butlittl° t0 these state iniiB»i.ito th,e?e »fguments ; but before go KT 8ubjecl mst,er of the resolutions, brief Zlt -S P"miss>on to say one or two .ii lad «"AT-. Before he left England, he «jMae all the inquiries he could as to what nitivss?r1Sne tfwards «be conversion of the tohi. i«. ?? colony The '-»«wers he received *uMM??1"?8 were verv discouraging : he kthe»,.:at " Wa? not known that ono nati*e tohi?\%ZTA í° thek"0"ledge of Christ. ttiZ X I. here he waB met wi'h the Bame I Udnu* . no,ne kn«*of one aboriginal who ¿Te whL"Vh? íhh of Jesus- Tll ~~-^J?li!îh he had heard of where there Po,°nï- Eoi.bs. M* Htleman wel1 able twJudge at 1800 was sufficient ground to believe that the conversion had been effectual, was the case of a boy brought up from infancy by a white family in Geelong. When this boy, however, grew to be about eight years of age, through the influence of the company of Euro- pean boys, he began to turn out badly, and he shortly became so unmanageable that it was impossible to bear longer with him, and he was consequently »eut to pea. From what he had heard of his after life, there was good reason to believe that he had been rosily converted, al- though he unfortunately died when he was only fourteen years of age. He had heard no more of this lad until, amongst some books lying on the tnble of the Bishop of Sydney, he had found a small volume, entitled " The History of an Australian Boy." He read it with much interest, for the internal evidence it presented convinced him thBt the subject of the narrative was the same with the boy to whom he had alluded ; and he could not have any doubt thnt that bov was a true member of the Church, a child of- God. and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven. Ho had also heard of two other instances, In which there was strong ground for belief that conversion had taken place ; and I these were all ; but he was rejoiced to hear 1 from the speech which had been delivered to them thnt evening by the Bishop of Adelaide, in his diocese other examples had been found, and that the promise of succces was greater that rainy of theso deluded beings might be ga- thered into tho fold of Christ. 8ome of the gentlemen who had spoken had alluded to the failure of the protectorates which had been established. It waa true that they had failed in the design for which they were intended, and that, in a worldly sense, large sum» of money hadTjeen squandered nwny upon them. But ho could not think that these institutions had bf on altogether destitute of benefit. If they had served for no other purpose, they had served to give to the blacks a favourable im- pression of tho intentions of the Europeans to- wards them. They had served to impress them with an idea of the benevolence of the Government, and they had aided in the repres- sion of harshness between the classes-so much so thnt he believed, in his own diocese, no such thing as aotuol cru-lty to the blacks was known now. Ho regretted, also, that ho could not give a good account of the schools which had been established. The one in connection with the Church of England had entirely failed, while the other, established by the Wesleyan body, and which had been in existence some years, was totally inoperative for any beneficial end. The protectorate officers had many of them been missionaries, but still all they had done proved insufficient to introduce nmongst this people the light of Gospel truth. But had they, on this account, a right to despair of success? No. Rather, as had been said by the Right Reverend Bishop of Sydney, and his Right Reverend Brothers, let them pray that grace might be poured out from the foun- tain on high, and that somo of the aeed might fall on hearts softened by its influence, snd spring up and hear fruit. Let them bear in mind what had been told them by the Bishop of New Zealand, that for fourteen years in that colony, the missionaries had laboured in vain But they waited in patience till the Lord sent down showers of his holy spirit on the hardened hearts of the native race, and now New Zealand in propertion to ita population, in the number of its worshippers, and of its communicants, was equal to any part of En- gland. Although the consummation had in this colony been longer delayed, they had a right to expect to see it achieved ; and, at all event', while any hope of such n consummation remained, they ought not to slaokcn in their efforts The experiment of the converaion of the native race» had as yet never been pro- perly mtde. He perfectly agreed in the wisdom of establishing sohoM« for the educa- tion of the youthful blacks, and separating them from the associations so injurious to them ; but ha could not assent to the proposi- tion that it was hopeless to attempt the conver- sion of the grown up natives. He must protest against any such assumption. He could never believe that any human being was ever so degraded as to form au exception to the general nile, that all were capable of conver- sion and regeneration. This was the solemn promise of the Saviour, made to all men ; and it was not the imperfect experience of man that could set this promise aside. They had seen nations sink in the deepest degradation, in the I lowest profligacy, which had been converted ; and they could not therefore say they were without ground for hope. There were, indeed, many things to encourage them in this under- taking. 'The Right Rev. Bishop of Adelaide had spoken of one energetic and pious man, who had devoted his energies to this cause, the Archdeacon of his own diocese. He also could sp oak of t wo others,one a minister and the other n layman, who had arrived at Melbourne, with the intention of devoting their lives to the evangelization of the blacks of this colony. True, these mon were not of their own Church, but they belonged to a branch of it which had boen always moat friendly to it. They were of the ancient society of the united brethren com- monly known as the Moravian Church-a ohurch always in friendly intercourse with the Church of England, and whioh was recognised by the Acts of the Engli-h Parliament. When he left Melbourne, these men wero in waiting for their mission, and he doubted not on his return he should find that they had gone into the wilderness. He trusted that the prayers of the Christian Churches in this colony would not be wanting for their encouragement -and that all assistance that might be required would bo freely rendered to those (rood men by the members of the Church of England. It had long been his wish to establish a mission- ary board in Melbourne ; but he had waited because he knew that the noble-hearted Bishop of New Zealand had, with that xeal and energy which were the distinguúing features of his character, taken this m »tter in hand. He was, therefore, most anxious before taking any step, to meet with him and communicate with him on the subject,-and be had now had an oppor- tunity of so doing. On his return to Melbourne, strengthened by the resolutions which he held in his hand, and which he was sure would be cheerfully acquiesced in, ho was determined at once to establish a missionary board. In the speeches which had been addressed to them they had heard a great deal of what was to be done ¡but as yet they had heard nothing of how it was to be carried out. The objoct they had in view was twofold-first, to establish domestic missions; and 2nd, to establish foreign missions. The first of these objects must be carried out by united diocesional action, and the second by provincial co-operation. For the first, diocesan boards mu«t be established, while for the advancement of the second it would be neces- sary that bishops should be appointed, and that a corresponding general board should be ap- pointed. It was to carry out theso views that I the resolution he held in his hand had been prepared, and he would now read it to them : "That it be agreed to constitute a general board of missions, to be called The Australian Board of Missions ; that the Governor» of the Australian Colonies be requested to be patrons ; that the Lord Bishop of Sydney be requested to accept the office of President ex officio; that the Bishops of the Australian Dioceses be Vice Presidents ; that the Bishops of New Zealand and Newcastle be requested to act a» Missionary Bishops ; that two general Treasurers, one cle- rical and one lay, be appointed ; that two general secretaries, one clerical and one lay, be appointed ; that the President and Vice-Pre- sidents, with the general Treasurers and Secre- taries, form an Executive Committee for Foreign Missions ; that St. John's College, New Zealand, be provisionally recognised as a Missionary College, for the purposes of the board." Of the first proposition in this reso- I lution, namely, that the Governorsofthecolonies should be the patrons of this institution, it J was unnecessary for him to »ay any-I thing. With regard, however, to the second, that tho Lord Bishop of Sydney be requested ¡to accept, the office of President ex officio, he I must toke' the opportunity of stating the deep obligations under which he lay to the right re esr end prelate. The Bishop of New Zealand had told them that he owed the position in which he stood to the poor Australian black. His right reverend friend the Bishop of New- castle and himself owed their position to the noble mind, largo heartedness, and liberality of the Bishop of Sydney. It was through him, and through him alone, that the grand design of dividing this colony into various dioceses was considered and carried out. He hoped the members of the Church would never forget the obligations which had been thus conferred upon them by their venerable prelate. Three or four years ago there were only four or five clergymen in the province of South Australia, ond only three in Melbourne. Now there were at least twenty in each of these dioceses. This w as the result of the Bishop of Sydney's libe rality ; aud a great debt was due to him from the members of the Church ; and certain he was that the most acceptable way in which they could acknowledge this obligation would be by promoting the object for which they were assembled together. Might he live to see that object carried out through- out the province of Australasia and all the Islands of the Pacific. The next propoai tion in the resolution-that the Bishops of the several diocèses be Vice-Presidents, also re- quired no oomment ; but again, tho next pro- position, appointing Missionary Bishops did call for some notice-one of these Missionary Bishops had already acted as such, the Bishop of New Zealand, and in his deeply interesting speech that evening, he had given them the result of his labours, and his hope» for the future. He was to be accompanied in his future labours by his old college friend the Bishop of Newcastle, and he fervently hoped their pious efforts would be blessed The other appointments which it was proposed to make, it would be seen united the clcrioal and lay branches oi the Church, and this was as it should be. It should be their endeavour on all occasions to unite the two parties in the Church in cordial co-operation. All of them were members of the Church, and as such had their especial duties to perform, and he must say he never heard but with pain the expres- sion that such or such a person was going into the Church-meaning that he was about to take orders. It ought to bo the high privi- lege of the laity to exercise the duties devot- ing on them, tor certain it was that never would the Church of England prosper thoroughly until all her branches worked earnestly together as one united body. He had now said all he had to say ; but before he sat down, he would pause to ask what the prospects of success were which they had before them. When he looked around upon that room, crowded as it was with attentive listeners, he was hound to believe a blessing would attend the work. But they must bear in mind that it was not sufficient that they should come to listen. It was a remarkable thing to see six bishops of the Church of En glund in one room, and it might be that some had attended more out of curiosity than any better feeling. Might God bless their coming to the benefit of their new Society. Might they go away having, a« the Apostles of old, given themselves to the Lord, in their earnest desire to perform His work. They must strivo earnestly, and remember that whenever two or three were gathered to- gether, to let their prayers ascend for their heathen brethren. They must remember that none were too low or too sinful for redemption and admission into the kingdom of Christ. That whilo all others were admitted to his kingdom, favoured Israel alon* was shut out, and if they did not do their duty to those be- nighted races, they might incur the same penalty. The New Zialander or the despised Australian might occupy that place In the kingdom of heaven, which, had they taken advantage of the high and glorious privileges bestowed upon them, they might have filled in the presence of the Lamb and of the Almighty Father and the Holy Spirit. Mr. Metcalf!; seconded the motion, and in so doing drew the attention of the meeting to the necessity of providing the missionary bishops in the first instance with a belter and safer vessel in which to follow up their labours. If thoso who heard him were acquained with the vessel which had hitherto been used by the Bishop of New Z-aland, a schooner of some 20 tons or thereabouts, in his voyages among the islands of the Pacific, he was quite sure they would never had allowed that warm- hearted prelate to incur the risk of traversing the seas in so small and so frail a bark. About £1000 would be required for the purpose, and one, a gentleman on the platform, whose name he was forbidden ".to mention, had agreed to give £100 towards this purohase : that sum ho thought might be raised at once, Although there might be none able to give so large a sum as £ 100, there were very many who might give half, a fourth, or even a tenth of that amount for such » purpose, and the sum would then be soon raised, (Cheers.) Mr. Kbmv suggested, that among so nume- rous and so respectable an assemblage, there were doubtless ten who could afford to give £50 each, and twenty others who could afford to apply £25 each to such a purpose. By this means a thousand pounds would be raised at once, and that sum, he thought, would provide them with a vessel of about 70 tons, perfectly suitable for the particular service for which she wa» required. (Cheers.) The resolution was then put and passed unanimously. The Bishop of Newcastle moved the fifth resolution-"That it is desirable for the Bishop, Clergy, and Laity of each Diocese, to constitute Diocesan Boards in connexion with the Pro- vincial Board, of which the Governor be re- quested to be Patron, the Bishop ex officio President, the Archdeacons Vico- Piesidents: and two Diocesan Treasurers, one clerical and one lay ; and two Diocesan Secretaries, one clerical and one lay : with a Committee of cle- rical and lay members. That the rules of every Diocesan Board be framed by the Bishop, Clergy, and Laity of the Diocese ; and that for the present the Secretaries and Treosurers elected for the Diocese of Sydney be requested ta act provisionally as general Secretaries and Treasurers." He was delighted to find that his work had been already done for him, for at that late hour he was desirous not to trespass upon their patience, and he did not, like some of hi» brethren, feel himself in the position of a stranger among them. (Cheers,) They had had described to them, in forcible terms, the prospects of success to their efforts for the sal- vation of tilt islanders, and of the Australian natives ; aud they were called upon to organise a vigorous institution for directing and sup- porting their efforts. To this call he doubted not their most ready and cordial response. (Cheers.) He trusted that they would also respond to the suggestion which had been cast out as to the purchase of a vessel for the Bishop of New Zealand. At a future meeting of their missionary society, he trusted that he Bhould be enabled to address them more at length, and to stato to them what had been done by his Right Rev. brother the Bishop of New Zealand ; for in the interim, he would, he trusted, hovo had an opportunity of accompa- nying his brother to the scene of his labours. The simple object of the Board mentioned in the resolution was, to add more strength to the good work which had that evening been so well begun. Mr. Roiibrt Campiibli, briefly seconded the resolution, which was passed unanimously. ¡ Mr. CuAnLE3 Cowper suggested that it would be advisable that lists shou'd be at once opened to carry out the object which had been alluded to by Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Kemp. The latter gentleman had promised to give the »um of £100 to this purpose, and he thought it would be well to at once commence a sub- scription list with that sum. The Bishop op SvnuEV th»n rose and said, that the business of the meeting was now at an end, and it only remained for him, in re- turning thanks to Almighty God, who had put it in the hearts of so many faithful mem- bers of his Church, to assemble for the ad- vancement of the true faith, to impress upon them the necessity of carrying out the good work they had commenced, and thus in this as in every other word nnd work, to strive to adore the dootrine of God their Saviour in all things. They had now been permitted to lay the foun- dation stone of this great undertaking ; but it would, before the year elaped, be necessary to call them to another meeting, not he trusted less numerously attended or less earnest in the cause, to enable them to advance another step towards the attainment of their high and holy object. The Hallelujah Chorus was then sung, and the Bishop having pronounced a benediction, the meeting broke up. The collection at the door amounted to £55. ' 