HAMLET. [From a Lecture, by George Dawson, M.A.] The readers of Shakspere may be divided into two classes — thos? who think themselves superior, and those who believe themselves inferior, to the great poet. The early critics and commentators looked down upon hiirn Voltaire regarded him as a barbarian, and even our own Dr Johnson affected to patronise him. The students of the new school, as the Germans, regarded him rather as a personi fication of nature, and count his own unintelligibi lity as a proof of their own unintelligence : believe him always right, unless they can prove him to be wrong, because they conceive the laws of a great mind arc always akin to the laws of nature. Those passages that seem obscure are found by the true student to have a deep hidden meaning, and they often find in his works thoughts which he might never have intentionally put there. How often some of the greatest orators, in like manner, asto. nish themselves by uttering thoughts the most pro found as if accidentally, because by inference they have become so in unison with the great laws of nature. Shakspere is a great catholic author, for all find him on their 6ide. A great author may be either catholic or sectarian in its widest sense. Milton was sectarian, while Shakspere was catholic. He had no particular mission, no cause — he repre sented all the revelation of nature.: ot causes and missions he knew nothing : hence every man will find himself in Shakspere. It is with these consi derations I approach the play of Hamlet — to me his greatest — not as an acting piay, for that I don't pro fess to understand, but for the deep metaphysical truthfulness it contains. It is a great closet play, and in acting it is often misrepresented, depending too much on outward personifications. Its truth fulness, not its facts, is our concern; for great truths depend not on /acts only, but are often wrapped up in the garb of fiction. A great poet shall construct a man for you, who shall live if he has not. What Hamlet was before his father's. ghost appeared to him can only be inferred, as great na turalists can construct a figure from only having a fossil bone; so may Hamlet's character be supposed to be open, gay, capable of enjoying life,and indifferent to results. The first difficulty in his character is his apparent jesting ; but that state of mind is not so uncommon as it at first appears : men have laughed at a funeral. The mind may be overen gaged, and will fail to express itself in words. The rustic shows it in twisting his hat or buttons, before he is able to express himself: Bonaparte is said, in absence of mind, to have carved the arm of the council chair; and Richter mentions a man, when kneeling down about to take the holy wafer, who laughed. So the mind, being preoccupied, mani fests itself bodily: and no faith should be placed in the supposition that Hamlet was really mad at times: we know little of madness, but there were times in his career when he was in the boundary. There has been a great mistake in contrasting Ham let's madness with Ophelia's. Some have ques. tioned Shakspcre's being right in making Ophelia sing the songs she did: I say, yes, he was: the explanation is clear. Each man has an easily be setting sin : if true men, they resist temptation and become acquainted with sin by battling with it: hence, the pious man shall learn blasphemy— the true man's strongest point is opposite his weakest: the just man controls that which, when reason fails, he shows he knows. Thus was the battle of the virtues with Ophelia. Milton says it is not virtue which cannot be tempted. Ophelia was not a great heroine, but the perfection of sensuous na ture. Every sin is only a power leaping over ils boundaries; but, with no sign of intellectual strength, her bodily senses and feelings were de veloped until they were almost spiritual. Read her father's advice and brothers warnings; and when reason fails she breaks out into words instead of deeds. Did Hamlet love her? In much he could not; according to his or her nature— as much only as a great intellect could love a sensuous nature; to him she was not forgotten, but put by. How strange was his irresolution to kill the king ? Why did he not do it? he stands waiting. Cole ridge compares himself to Hamlet, and he was like him, for he began many things — finished nothing — wanting that fixed determination which men of lower minds often -possess. Compare the effect which outward nature has upon an inwardly sensa tive soul : Macbeth and Lady Macbeth, for instance. To her the shriek of a bat was only a bat's shriek ; Macbeth's fears were to her unknown. To super stitious men the air is populous; so it was with Hamlet; lesser men would have killed the king. Most energetic men are for ever pondering and en deavouiing to find their true spiritual position — he saw so much and did so little. Fix only the eye upon the declining sun, and bow trees and inter mediate objects are blotted out ; so when we are said to be in a brown study, our minds are fixed upon the future, and all present objects are over looked. When Hamlet finds the king at prayer, then to fulfil God's revenge against murder would be to send him to Heaven ; but his mission was to send him to hell. The theology of the question we leave ; was he not justified ? he was no longer a free agent. We at times try to make conscience speak for us — make an excuse ; and so the king's death at last was «ppBrently accidental. Again, in the death of Ophelia, there is a rivalry as to who should be chief mourner ; men forgot grief in another's mourning ; bo Hamlet thought, not her brother, but himself, should be chief mourner. So great U the jealousy of rivalry, that even the beggars think those the greatest who can show the greatest numberofsores, no matter what the mind is. Another difficulty is with regard to the character of Polonius — he is such a bore, and yet true withal ; thus he was a man living in the past, and not the present — for he is a man of maxim, not of idea ; he can sum up experience and give you a sum total. Ideas are constructive, but therefore cannot give you a principle. He lays down a law which is always inferior to principle; for laws are the specialities of principles, because based upon them. Hence the majority walk by laws. With two or three great ideas or principles to develop themselves ac cording to things as they arise, few would go wrong. For the past he can work, for the future he is a fool. The past can guide us backward, not for ward, for great outward effects arise from small inward causes. Thus each character throws the other into high relief. The king is a pure beast ; mark his prayer, what an awful history of a soul does it display ! Some of us are quite learned in religion without feeling aught of it ; thus with re pentence : he should repent, but could not; he was too much lost to know its feeling; and the truth of it is rather as the book you read than the spirit you feel. And so in the last stage of the interior living: having sinned against the spirit, it refuses more to feel; it is then merely an outward article, to the progress of a sinning soul ; you get into the lowest sphere, and speak of lepentance bs you would of America, only being able to reach it in name. In the clown's scene, with all of which the French critics have found fault, it only shows how the great dramatist has made it one with real life. Ac cording to such critics who would have it other. wise, they should write something, and onght to call it 'Life as revised and improved by a dra matist.' With great men such as Shakspere, he finds that, if a king dies, the people are hungry directly afterwards, for the true man loves such ordination ; hence, they talk of jesting in improper places, for before great people are buried grave diggers laugh; for so it must be ; is it not natural? does it not make it more tragic ? Will not Rem brandt give us a great light, so that the darkness around may appear darker— as it is often said that a lantern shows the darkness visible ; thus we say, silence is visible. If you cannot make out Shak spere's theory, you can make out one of your own, and thus errors of the past dwindle away and light appears. Hamlet does not appear to be the greatest of men ; he contemplated the unseen, till he lost sight of the visible. The work he hau to do was too great for him — as if you should plant an oak in a china jar. The unseen comes to a child of earth, and hence we have one long struggle. 