TDK n.VrTIST QUKSTIOX. Genliemen — As I have been so economical as to make one answer serve fur two letters which Imve appeared in your culumiis on the above Kiil-jectr. signed, ' An Anglican Churchman,' I hopeynu will i'avuur the uiscrliuii ol tins bnei reply. My reasons . for not answering the first ol them was this, that I thought little gojd was likely to result from replying to a letter, setting forth, in precisely the same leruij, the suliject on which I liaJ formerly given n;y humble opinion in answer to another eorrespoiideut, which I trust was founded on Scriptural grounds. *? An Anglican Churchman' accuses use of igno rance or disiiigenuousne«s; to the former 1 plead guilty as to the mystery of which he treats ; the latter I deny. As to my knowledge of the .grace in the Sacra ments, I will briefly state that it is reasonable to sup pose a blessing may attend the prayers of a faithful minister and pious parents at the baptism of infants ; and as to the recipients of the Lord's Supper, I would say the words of Christ, when performing a miracle, are applicable to them, namely, ' According to thy faith so he it done unto thee.' He then referred me to the Church Catechism, where I previously knew what was slated as to the things necessary for those who are to be baptized, viz., ' Hepentance, whereby they forsake sin, ami faith, whereby they sledfastly believe the promises of God made to them in that sacrament.' bo far this is Scriptural. Having gone to the Catechism, I will now put two or three interrogations to ' Mi Anglican Churchman : — Will the repentance of one person suflice fir tint of another? or is it not an individual act ? Will the faith of one person obtain for another who is as yet without knowledge or understanding, the benefits which are promised to the faithful ? As I prefer going to the fountain of knowledge on these points, I think I am informed it, will not. What did John the Baptist say to those who came to be bap tised, ' Think not to say within yourselves, we have Abraham for our father,' &c;, as if being children of Abraham would entitle them to his blessing without, his faith. As to the second letter of this writer, which stales that I am ill-informed* I have little to say. It speaks of so many blessings attendant on their entrance to the Christian Chuich, that one would almost nay these children are more highly favoured than those whom the Saviour took in His arms and blessed. If there is no consciousnet-s of sin, how can there be a repentance ? If there is uo hearing the Word, how can there be faith ? for, saith the J cripturee, *' Faith coming by hearing, aud hearing by the Word of God.' And, further, if all Church ministers held, this view of baptisin.il regeneration, how came they ever to preach a sermon, and urge the necessity on their congregation, in the. words of our Saviour to Nicodemus, to be born again, having been born of water, to be born of the Holy Ghost. ' An Anglican^ Churchman,' I fear, is led too far by the letter, while it is much better to look to the spirit. Letters are often treacherous, although without them we (should perhaps have a still fainter knowledge of what they are intended to express. ? .' Having again stated what I conceive to be in ac cordance with the teaching of Scripture on this head, I will not intrude again on your valuable space upon, thia seemingly doubtful subject. I am, Gentlemen, Yours hespect fully, ACuGKCaiMgi''.. 