MR. BROWN'S LETTERS TO A YOUNG MAN ABOUT TOWN. GREAT AND LITTLE DINNERS. IT has been said, dear Bob, that I have seen the mahoganys of many men, and it is with no small feeling of pride and gratitude that I am enabled to declare also, that I hardly remember in my life to have had a bad dinner. Would to Heaven that all moral men could say likewise ! Indeed, and in the presence of so much want, and misery as pass under our ken daily, it is with a feeling of something like shame and humilia- tion that I make the avowal , but I have robbed no man of his meal that I know of, and am here speaking of very hum- ble, as very grand banquets, the which I maintain are, when there is a suffi- ciency, almost always good. Yes, all dinners are good, from a shilling upwards. The plate of boiled beef which Mary, the neat-handed waitress, brings or used to bring you in the Old Bailey—I say used, for ah me! I speak of years long past, when the cheeks of Mary were as blooming as the carrots which she brought up with the beef, and she may be a grandmother by this time, or a pallid ghost, far out of the regions of beef;—from the shilling dinner of beef and carrots to the grandest banquet of the season—everything is good. There are no degrees in eating. I mean that mutton is as good as veni- son—beef-steak, if you are hungry, as good as turtle—bottled ale, if you like it, to the full as good as Champagne; there is no delicacy in the world which Monsieur Francatelli or Monsieur Soyer can produce, which I believe to be better than toasted cheese. I have seen a dozen of epicures at a grand table for- sake every French and Italian delicacy for boiled leg of pork and pease pudding. You can but be hungry, and eat and be happy. What is the moral I would deduce from this truth, if truth it be? I would have a great deal more hospitality prac- tised than is common among us—more hospitality, and less show. Properly considered, the quality of dinner is twice blest; it blesses him that gives and him that takes: a dinner with friend- liness is the best of all friendly meetings, a pompous entertainment, where no love is, the least satisfactory. Why then do we of the middle classes persist in giving entertainments so costly, and beyond our means? This will be read by many a man and woman next Thursday, who are aware that they live 0n leg of mutton themselves, 0r worse than this, have what are called meat teas, than which I can't conceive a more odious custom: that ordinarily they are very sober in their way of life, that they like in reality that leg o' mut- ton better than the condiments of that doubtful French artist who comes from the pastrycook's, and presides over the mysterious stewpans in the kitchen; why then on their company dinners should they flare up in the magnificent manner in which they universally do? Everybody has the same dinner in London, and the same soup, saddle of mutton, boiled fowls and tongue, entrees, champagne, and so forth. I own my- self to being no better nor worse than my neighbours in this respect, and rush off to the confectioners for sweets, etc. ; hire sham butlers and attendants; have a fellow going round the table with still and dry champagne, as if I knew his name, and it was my custom to drink those wines every day of my life. I am as my neighbours in this respect ; but why are we so bad, I ask?—why are we not more reasonable ? If we receive very great men or ladies at our houses, I will lay a wager they will select mutton and gooseberry tart for their dinner, forsaking the entrees which the men in white Berlin gloves are handing round in the Birmingham plated dishes. Asking lords and ladies, who have large establishments of their own, to French dinners and delicacies, is like inviting a grocer to a meal of figs, or a pastrycook to a banquet of raspberry tarts. They have had enough of them. and great folks, if they like you, take no count of your feasts, and can but eat mutton like men. One cannot have sumptuary laws now-a-days, or restrict the gastrono- mical more than any other trade; but I wish a check could be put upon our dinner- extravagances by some means, and am confident that the pleasures of life would greatly be increased by mo- deration. A man might give two din- ners for one, according to the present pattern. Half your money is swallowed up in a dessert, which nobody wants in the least, and which I always grudge to see arriving at the end of plenty. Ser- vices of culinary kickshaws swallow up money, which gives nobody pleasure, except the pastry-cook, whom it en- riches. Everybody lives as if he had three or four thousand a year. Somebody with a voice potential should cry out against this overwhelm- ing luxury. What is mere decency in a very wealthy man is absurdity—nay, wickedness, in a poor one: a frog by nature, I am an insane, silly creature, to attempt to swell myself to the size of the ox, my neighbour. Oh, that I could establish in the middle classes of London an Anti-entrée and Anti Dessert movement! I would go down to pos- terity not ill-deserving of my country in such a case, and might be ranked among the social benefactors. Let us have a meeting at Willis's Rooms, La- dies and Gentlemen, for the purpose, and get a few philanthropists, philosophers, and bishops, or so, to speak ! As people, in former days, refused to take sugar, let us get up a society which shall de- cline to eat dessert and made-dishes.* In this way, I say, every man who now gives a dinner might give two , and take in a host of poor friends and rela- tives, who are now excluded from his hospitality. For dinners are given mostly in the middle classes by way of revenge: and Mr. and Mrs. Thompson ask Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, because the latter have asked them. A man at this rate who gives four dinners of twenty persons in the course of the season, each dinner costing him something very near upon thirty pounds, receives in return, we will say, forty dinners from the friends whom he has himself invited That is, Mr. and Mrs. Johnson pay a hundred and twenty pounds, as do all their friends, for forty-four dinners of which they partake. So that they may calculate that every time they dine with their respected friends, they pay about twenty eight shillings per tete. What a sum this is, dear Johnson, for you and me to spend upon our waistcoats! What does poor Mrs. Johnson care for all these garish splendours, who has had her dinner at two with the dear children in the nursery? Our custom is not hospitality or pleasure, but to be able to cut off a certain number of acquaintance from the dining list. One of these dinners of twenty, again, is scarcely ever pleasant, as far as re- gards society. You may chance to get near a pleasant neighbour and neigh- bouress, when your corner of the table is possibly comfortable. But there can be no general conversation. Twenty people cannot engage together in talk. You would want a speaking-trumpet to com- municate from your place by the lady of the house (for I wish to give my respected reader the place of honour) to the lady at the opposite corner at the right of the host. If you have a joke or a mot to make, you cannot utter it before such a crowd. A joke is nothing which can only get a laugh out of the third part of the company. The most eminent wags of my acquaintance are dumb in these great parties, and your raconteur or story teller, if he is pru- dent, will invariably hold his tongue. For what can be more odious than to be compelled to tell a story at the top of your voice, to be called on to repeat it for the benefit of a distant person who has only a part of the anecdote? There are stories of mine which would fail utterly, were they narrated in any but an under tone; others in which I laugh, am overcome by emotion, and so forth, what I call my intense stories. Now it is impossible to do justice to these except in the midst of a general hush, and in a small circle, so that I am commonly silent. And as no anecdote is positively new in a party of twenty, the chances are so much against you that somebody should have heard the story before, in which case you are done. In these large assemblies, a wit, then, is of no use, and does not have a chance; a raconteur does not get a fair hearing, and both of these real ornaments of a dinner-table are thus utterly thrown away. I have seen Jack Jolliffe, who can keep a table of eight or ten persons in a roar of laughter for four hours, remain utterly mute in a great enter- tainment, smothered by the numbers and the dowager on each side of him and Tom Yarnold, the most eminent of our conversationists, sit through a dinner as dumb as the footman behind him. They do not care to joke, unless there is a sympathising society, and prefer to be silent rather than to throw their good things away. What I would recommend, then, with all my power, is, that dinners should be more simple, more frequent, and should contain fewer persons. Ten is the utmost number that a man of moderate means should ever invite to his table, although in a great house, managed by a great establishment, the case may be different. A man and woman may look as if they were glad to see ten people; but in a great dinner they abdicate their position as host and hostess,—are mere creatures in the hands of the sham but- lers, sham footmen, and tall confec- tioner's emissaries who crowd the room, and are guests at their own table, where they are helped last, and of which they occupy the top and bottom. I have *Mr. Brown here enumerates three entrees which, he confesses he cannot resist, and likewise pre- served cherries at dessert: but the principle is good, though the man is weak. marked many a lady watching with timid glances the large artificial major domo, who officiates for that night only, and thought to myself, " Ah, my dear madam, how much happier might we all be if there were but half the splendour, half the made dishes, and half the com- pany assembled ." If any dinner-giving person who reads this shall be induced by my repre- sentations to pause in his present career, to cut off some of the luxuries of his table, and instead of giving one enor- mous feast to twenty persons, to have three simple dinners for ten, my dear Nephew will not have been addressed in vain. Everybody will be bettered , and while the guests will be better pleased, and more numerous, the host will actually be left with money in his pocket. DOUGLAS JERROLD.—Were any person, tolerably familiar with the great metro- polis, asked who is the wittiest man in it, he would infallibly answer, "Douglas Jerrold." There may be men reputed his equals or superiors, in general con- versation, but in that one quality called wit, in the power of sharp and instant repartee, and, above all, in the knack of demolishing an opponent by some re- sistless pun upon his meaning, Douglas Jerrold is, among London literary men, unrivalled. On paper there are some who may come near him ; but in witty talk among his friends, he is facile princeps. His eager, vehement face, as he presides at a wit combat, anywhere within a four miles circuit of Temple Bar, is a sight worth seeing. If he is telling a story, all present are attentive , if he and some luckless antagonist be- come hooked in a two-handed encounter, the rest pleasantly look on, expecting the result, or, or if somebody else is speaking, he will sit apart, quietly, and even sympathetically listen, but in the end detect his opening, and ruin all with his pitiless flash. No second part would he have played, even in the famous wit combats of the Mermaid Tavern, in Friday-street, where, more than 200 years ago, Rocky Ben and his com- panions used to drink their Canary , and had he sat beside poor Goldy, at the meetings of the Literary Club, of last century, ponderous Samuel himself, we are inclined to think, would have kept an uneasy eye upon that end of the table. It is thus that Douglas Jerrold is known in literary circles in London; and there is no harm in saying so.— British Quarterly Review. 