ILLAWARRA. (from our correspondent.) Orphan Girls. — Within the last four months, about fifty of these girls have been forwarded to this district by the Immigration Agents and of that number there are now remaining in the Depot only five or six, the rest having met with ready employment, through the uisirict ac me rates or wages nxeu Dy toe committee. 1 have fre quently observed in the papers stiong animadversions on the general chrracter of these girls, but as far as we are concerned we have nothing to complain of. Of course amongst such a number, that have never been at service before, and an equal number of employers, most of whom have never had servants (for they are principally amongst the lower classes), there would be some differences ; but of the moral delinquencies so. much spoken of elsewhere, we have found none. My belief is, that the chief cause of the back-slidihgs of these orphans lies in the system pursued by the Government for their management. How can it be supposed when the law allows no . punishment for the bad— when there is a premium held out to idle ness, by keeping the depots open to those who leave their service- in fact, when the tendency is to render the girls perfectly indepen dent of their employers, and above the fear of punishment— that they will make good servants. If the Government would do away with those dens of idleness, the depots in the different districts, after the girls were once out at service, and pass a law for punishing , the: ill 'disposed with fine or imprisonment, the paltry complaints and everlasting "returned to barracks" would cease, and the girls become useful in the sphere in- which they are placed. No doubt the Govern ment are bound to hold out a fostering hand to these poor girls, but instead of shutting them up in a box, and forbidding them to see the: face of 'a man unless in the shape of a magistrate or a clergy man, I should think the end 'fhey niiVfe' ih view would be better attained by appointing some one nr two r&pectable; persons in each district, whose duty it would be -to see -that when any of them left a service they were lodged in a decent house at their own expense until otUer employment offered ; and in the event of their being without means, to make temporary advances of money, to be returned when they got work. This would put a stop to the constant change of service ; but as loog as the depots are open as paradises of sloth, we need never expect to be well served. 1 have been informed that witiiin these last few days, one. of the girls now in the depot here positively refused to hire with one of the most respectable families in the district; and why P— simply because she gota&imuch; as she required where she was, and of course did not see any reason why she should leave such good quarters for a place where she would have to do something for her living. This is not a solitary, instance of the independence of these young ladies, and indeed how could it be otherwise. I am of opinion that the magis trates lend a helping . hand towards unsettling the girls minds by cancelling their agreements and indentures for much too trifling causes. ; Never Despair.— The late rains have put tiie dairy farmers into spirits again, and have brought milch cows, which in the dry weather were equally low in condition and price, up, to their old standard. Mr. George Brown, of Dapto, sold by auction on last Tuesday, the whole of his dairy stock, the prime cows realising five and six pound each. There was one of the largest assemblages at the sale that 1 have ever seen in the district; and Mr. Brown dis played his knowledge of human nature by providing a really excellent and substantial lunch, with " the means and appliances to boot," free of charge to all. One of the tables was laid in the long room for the more respectable people, and another outside, flanked, by a cask of Newnham's XXX, for all comers and goers ; and if one might judge by the bidding, all were satisfied with their treat meat. Brown has heard something somewhere about au Irishman " half drunk and an Englishman with a full stomach." The Races. — The late honorary secretary of the Illawarra Turf Club, fearing, 1 suppose, that unless the members of the Club were speedily rescued from the " paralytic" state into which his resigna tion had thrown them, they would give up the ghost, has allowed himself to be re-elected j and has been fortunate enough to impart into the members of that body a little anin,ation, which has mani fested itself in their getting themselves together, and 'making a stand against dying a natural death. There is no doubt, that if their health keeps on improving as it does since the re-election, they' will be able to rdn about August next. It is to be hoped that when they do get about again, they will keep to the hih road, and not run down an alley. Publicans.— 1 see by the papers that these gentlemen are getting a precious wigging in Sydney, and it was not before they wanted it. Down here things went on much as usual ; only one applicant was refused a license, and that was in consequence of his house being unfinished, for it aeems'that the Act requires the building ahoQld be complete before a license can be granted. Your compositor has murdered the Queen's English in, and altered the sense of, one of the sentences in my last communication, where he puts (lines twelve and thirteen from the bottom), " and who, if she be lucky enough to keep her position, &e.;, her shoes is sure to leave behind her an impression" (and so on.) It ought to be : "and who, if 'she 6e lurkv enoutrh to keep her position- and her shoes.- is sure to leava behind her." N.S.- 