contest) v5itvac.0. Clin AP-The departure of the Count of Mirasol for Cuba is the subject of endless conjectures at Madrid. The opinion that he goes to modify the colonial laws in a liberal sense, is however, the most prevalent. It is said that Lord Palmerston has passed an energetic note to the Spanish Government, complaining of the scandalous manner in which the slave-trade is being carried on in Cuba, and threatening a blockade of the island, of his representations are not attended to Admiral Darlan is to be sent immediately to Cuba, at the head of a squadron, to be ready against any eventualities. Atlas, March 16. THE ERUPTION OF MOUNT VESUVIUS. The eruption of Mount Vesuvius has ceased. A good deal of damage has been done to property. Of three persons who had approached too near to witness the phenomenon more at their ease, one was killed, and two others severely wounded by red-hot stones. The church of San Felice has been completely destroyed. The lava has stopped at a place called Seacozza, several miles from the volcano Leeds Mercury, March 16. ACQUITTAL ON A CHARGE OF MURDER In , Westmeath Mr. William Wise, a person holding the rank of a gentleman, has been acquitted of a charge of murder for shooting a man named , Flynn. Mr. Wise is married to the niece of a Captain Ogle, and was in occupation of the family mansion at Dysart, in virtue of a will bequeathing the property to his wife, and dis- inheriting the nephews of the deceased. The latter came with a numerous party of men to take the house by force, when Mr. Wise fired and shot one man dead, wounding another. Atlas, March 16. DISCOVERY OF A LEAD MINE IS GALWAY. A lead mine has been discovered in the neighbourhood of Gort, county Galway, which contains a large>amount of silver ore. Atlas, 16A March. POLAND. GATHERING OF RUSSIAN TROOPS. Letters from Warsaw of the 4th instant state that the ice in the Vistula broke and floated off off without causing an inundation or other injury to the city and its environs; but that most melancholy news had been received from the provinces of the ravages caused by the Weather and Prosna rivers. Accounts from the Polish frontier, dated 4th instant, state that orders have been received in Kalisch for the immediate commencement and speedy completion of the works of fortifications, which will be carried on with Russian energy. The views of Russia in these warlike preparations are unknown to any save the St. Petersburgh Cabinet, which continues to observe a most mysterious silence. The number of the initiated is very small. So much is certain, that 180,000 men are now stationed in the kingdom of Poland, 150,000 being on the frontiers fully equipped and ready to march at a moment's notice to wherever they may be sent. The troops themselves imagine that they are to go to the Rhine or the Danube Liverpool Albion, 18th March. - ROYAL RESIDENCE IN DUBLIN. Arrange- ments have already commenced for fitting up the Phoenix Park, embracing an area of some hundreds of acres, as a residence for the Queen and Royal Family during occasional visits to this country after the abolition of the Lord Lieutenancy. Leeds Mercury, March 16. PARRICIDE On Tuesday a quarrel ensued between an old man and his son, residing at Eversden, in Cambridgeshire. The wretched man struck his father several blows on the head with a spade, injuring him so severely that he lies without a hope of recovery. His mother coming into the cottage at the time, interfered for the protection of her husband, and was so savagely beaten that she died almost imme- diately Atlas, March 16. SPECTRES IN THE NORTH The Glasgow Reformers'' Gazette relates how numerous individuals in the romantic vale of Kishorn were scared lately by several unexpected appearances. The bridge there is called the " Bodach's Brig," and is supposed to be haunted. A gentleman crossing the glen found a large cod-fish, luminous in the first stage of decay, and not wishing that the dogs should eat it, he hung it to a rail on the bridge. Some old women returning from meeting saw it, and lied terrified. A drunken farmer who came up took the fish down, and followed in the track of the good dames, who, looking back, were more scared than ever, believing that the ghost on the bridge was pursuing them. The farmer, thinking they were some of his own servants, pursued faster, when the women took refuge, in the meeting-house. At this instant a stray goal came trotting up, which alarmed the farmer in his turn, and he fled precipitately, uttering such a roar that the terrified foal fled and broke its legs. It is added that the minister was called for to examine the kirk, but) the lamp carried by his attendant having been blown out in the aisle, they both attributed it to the' breath of the ghost, ran back trembling, stumbled at the entrance, and rolled over each other into the road. AN EXTRAORDINARY MARRIAGES-The Nottingham Guardian announces a marriage as follows-We Farnsfield, on the 26th instant, by the Rev. R. Wilkins, B.A., Mr. James Key to Mary Musgrove. This is the most remarkable wedding that ever took place in the village. The bridegroom is 78 years old, and the bride, who for upwards of 40 years had been his housekeeper, is in her 77th year. Great preparations have been making for several weeks past to celebrate this union in a becoming manner. The happy pair were preceded to church by a number of young men bearing garlands; triumphal arches, etc, and amid the sound of hand bells, the church bells, and other music. Nearly a thousand people were present, whose shouts rent the air; and afterwards entertainments were given to the bridal party and to the villagers, by the most wealthy inhabitants of that place." 