BAPTISMAL REGENERATION. Gentlemen — In my last letter my thoughts were so much ttken up in expressing about one.lhou sandth part of the utter disgust and Jcathitig with which 1 regard ' Artium Mai'istrrY' broad and palpable enunciation of the above dortiine, that I omitted to enter specifically upon the. rational and scriptural grounds on which it must be rejected. Allow me now briefly to fulfil this duty, offering to the reasonerthnt kind of evidence which appears to my own mind irresistible, and to the simplest reader of S!icred Scripture, that evidence which, thanks be to God, is so plain, as to meet and sa tisfy the most elementary mode of inquiry. The candid reader, therefore, will not hastily conclude that I am really obscure, if be find in my first para graph anything difficult to understand ; but rather let him pass on to the second part, considering that, if the dust of the Universities darkens the vision of educated mpn so grievously, it :s not sur. prising that the ordinary and generally superficial reader is often unable to appreciate an argument which may carry the force of demonstration to a mind better qualified to judge. Such is the argument of my first part, which will be found to rest on this general principle:— that, in order to clearly define and circumscribe any real truth, we must classify or fix it in its true position in the series of truths to which it belongs. Let a man attempt, without this essential operation, to clearly conceive any truth in geology, botany, or any branch of exact knowledge whatever, and he will immediately find tnat he is like a mechanician who should attempt to pwt the pans of a watch together without knowing where the different wheels are to be placed. Under this view, baptism will be found to be, not a doctrine, but a precept; not a prohibitive, but a positive precept ; not a moral, but a ceremonial precept ; and from this last view all accurate rea soning from this precept must be drawn. Any one may perceive at a glance that this 6crip turally circumscribed view of baptism cannot be made to sustain the doctrine of regeneration, which rests on truths of a totally different character. It remains only to show that these limitations are just and necessary. When Mosps says, ' Hear, O Israel, the Lord thy God is One Loud,' he gives the doctrine. When he adds, ' And thou shultiove the Lord thy God with all thy heart,' &c;, he gives the precept — the most universal and comprehensive of all commands, because founded upon the most uni versal doctrinal truth. From the doctrine flows all that great, class of truths — the eternity, omnipre sence, omniscience, providence, &c;, of Jehovah. With the precept are eo:n:eiud many details and corollaries; but the great doctrinal truths cannot be deduced from it without a total confusion of rea soning, ami a perpetually recurring sophistry. The great truth of the total depravity of man and the sanctifying power of the Holy Spirit hold the relationship of a doctrine towards the precept, ' Be baptized.' Tbe precept, therefore, must be subor dinated to the doctrine, and cannot be allowed to modify nnd define it without a total corruption of the truth, and the very worst form of rationalism : it is endeavouring to comprehend the man in the brute, God in nature. 2dly. ' Baptize' occurs only in the affirmative form, and belongs, therefore, to the positive, and not to the prohibitive table of tbe Decalogue ; an indication of the 'mind of the Spirit' further de monstrated by its being joined to ' all nations,' ' multitude,' *' every one of you,' ' both men and women,' ' the household,' &c.; 3dly. As a precept, even it is not a moral pre cept. It is in itself neither virtue nor vice. We cannot say, Be baptized with the heart, as we can say, Believe with the heart. It is in its nature wholly unconnected with the faculties of the mind, which, touched by the fear of God, or the love of Christ, turn unto Him for salvation. 4th. It is, therefore, a ceremonial precept, and, as ceremonial, of course symbolical, as ali the Old Testament ceremouies are, and perhaps typical. But the ceremonies did not atone for 6in ; they signified the atonement of Messiah ; they were not themselves the instrument, but symbolized the in strument found really in the death of Christ. No thing but gross stupidity or learned mouldiness of understanding can possibly make Christians think the Christian institution ot baptism to be anything more than ' an outward and visible sign of an in ward and spiritual grace.' And as the many ce remonies under the Old Testament dispensation — such as tha sacrificial lamb, the scapegoat, the two birds, Sec. (Lev. iv. and xiv.) — under different modes, signified one aud the same thing ; so it may be that the Divine Author of tha Christian dispensation has designed different modes of bap tism to signify the same thing, in conformily with the three principal modes actually used by Chris tian denominations. No efficacy for the regenera tion of the soul belongs naturally to any of these forms, and I shall now proceed to show that no such causative efficacy is ascribed to them in Holy Wiit. My second part, therefore, is the argument from the New Testament. The words of the institution and the history of the apostolic practice form our chief sources of evidence. L; Mat. xxviii. 19, we read the words, ' Go ye, therefore, and leach (disciple) all nations, baptizing them,' fcc. In the margin of the authorised ver sion the word teach is translated ' make Chris tians of.' It is impossible to question the accuracy of that marginal reading. But they who are disci pled, or made Christians, are already regenerated ; for there can be no unregenerate Christian. The antecedent, therefore, to regeneration has already taken place when they are baptized, and the ante cedent is the cause. It is impossible, therefore, that baptism which follows, and is consequent upon regeneration, can be the cause or instrumentality of it ; for the cause must always go before '.he effect. Accordingly, under ray second division, which is the apnstolic practice ; we read of tbe great Pente costal operations of the Holy Spirit, that the multi tude, before they were baptized (Acts ii. Zl),ichen they heard, were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do?' But men who are thus pricked in their heart are already under the regenerating influence of the Holy Spirit, and need not baptism, save as a seal or sign to this precedent ffict. Accordingly, the Apostle Peter had pre viously declared that this was 'that which was spoken by the Prophet Joel.' 'On my servant* and on my handmaidens will I pour out in those days of my spirit' (v. 16, IS). In the history of Cornelius and his family we have a still more clear cass (Acts x. 44) ; tor ' while Peter yet spake, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word.' ' Then answered Peter (v. 47), Can any man forbid water, that these should not be baptized which have received the Holy Ghost r.s well as we ?' The very reason here expressly assigned for their baptism is, that they were regenerated. Could the ** little drop of water,' then, be the means of effecting this change to all eternit) ? It evidently came too late in these prominent cases. If, in other instances, the Holy Ghost fell upon some when they were baptized, it can oniy prove coincidence in time, and not causa tion or instrumental efficacy. It may signify that as the body is washed by water, so the soul is cleansed by the Holy Spirit. Under these views of the nature aud design of baptism, we may 'draw npar wi:h a true heart, in full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water.' (Heb. x.22.) Remembering that we are men of the nineteenth century, inquiring into a fact after the enlightened method of our ege, and we are not monks of the twelfth century, inquiring into a scholastic and verbal dogma — the above ought to satisfy us, and we ought to know, when apparent exceptions occur in the literal form of Scripture, that we cannot stand upon the exception when the rule is known. We are as fully authorised as are inquirers into na tural science, in parallel cases, to expect that the apparent exception can be brought within the rule, and will prove only a less obvious case of its appli cation. There is, in fact, no passage which the figurative sense of the word water, adopted by our Saviour in the 4th, 3d, and 7th chapters of St. John, will not fully and satisfactorily explain. I send you these lines, Gentlemen, before any answer to my last appears from ' Artium Magister,' because it will be impossible for me to give any further rejoinder for the next week or ten days. I am, Gentlemen, Yours, &c;, E. Baker. Morphett Vale, 4th March. a poor man's mite. Dear Sir — Feeling deep interest in your papers, I have viewed with disgust and some little alarm the present combination to injure you, but I sincerelv hone that, trip unmanlv anrl mirhristian attempts oi your enemies will be frustrated. 1 am but a poor man, but I will put down my name for £2 per annum towards making good any loss you may experience. I do not require your promissory notes. Mine is a free will offering. Others I know will do the same. Fear not. Sir, the present combination. Rest assured your friends will not be found wanting. 1 am dear Sir, Yours truly, A Pook Man. To Mr John Stephens, March 10th, 1850. [The writer, who has given us his real name, is what he professes to be, and it is this circumstance which makes his contribution the more grateful.] 