LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. (Continued.) Mr. MURRAY : It was related by Plutarch that, after the battle of Salamis, Themistocles told an Athenian he had a proposal to make, which, if assented to, would consolidate their power and ensure their supremacy over all power. This proposal, however, he would not make to the Athenian people as a body, but required that some person should be deputed to confer with him respecting it. Aristides was accordingly appointed to receive the proposals of Themistocles, and to report upon them to the Athenians. After conferring with that able general, and hearing what he proposed, Aris- tides told those who had sent him, that nothing indeed could be of greater advantage to Athens than the course suggested by Themistocles, but, at the same time, nothing could be more dis- honourable. The Athenians, upon hearing this, nobly rejected the proposal, without even knowing what it was. These pagans of antiquity had set an example which the Chris- tians of the nineteenth century would do well to follow. Even admitting for argument sake that the propositions of the Secretary of State would be productive of as many advantages as many seemed to think, still their acceptance would cast so great a stain upon the honour of the country, that they ought to be at once re- jected. (Hear, hear.) No man who looked upon this country as his home could refrain from blushing when he saw the manner in which even now it was spoken of by the jour- nals of England, and by speakers in the House of Commons. If any one doubted that the country was so spoken of, there were ample means at hand to convince them. The Times, the leading journal of Europe, had on the 4th June, 1848, a leading article, calculated he should think to arouse most indignant feelings ¡n all the colonists who read it. It contained these terms:- Our colonies have been the last extensive expedient. We have relegated crime to distant corners of the world. We have attempted to found new states, as we lay the foundation of buildings, by a concrete of rough stones and rubbish. Romulus and his asylum of free- hooters was the original type of our penal settlements. It was thought that British blackguardism, though a rather rude material, might refine into a virtue when removed by the earth's whole diameter from its native soil. Transplanting improves some breeds. Why not the metropolitan pickpocket? Hence Botany Bay- HENCE SYDNEY— hence Norfolk Island— hence, last in the catalogue of hopelessly debased and ruined commu- nities, Tasmania. The experiment has been tried. We see the result, of which, indeed the whole world is an inquisitive and critical spectator. We have introduced some of the most abominable varieties of civilisation, or rather of social degeneracy, that the world has yet seen. The scum of the earth represents in the southern hemisphere the splendours of the British character and ?. We have lavished millions, and created colonies from which all who can afford to stay at home recoil with horror. The name of a colony is odious in this country. Emigration is a cruel necessity. Australia is more vulgar thought than the meanest suburb of this city. Why! Because our chief emigrants are felons- our colonies prisons-our governors gaolers-their officers turnkeys-and our colonial bishops are chaplains. Here was the language used with reference to New South Wales. He admitted that it was a foul libel. But should they voluntarily re- turn to a state of things which had led to the promulgation of such libels as these? From such a course far more injury would ensue than any suppositious advantages derivable from penal labour could counter-balance (Hear, hear). The character of a country was an important element of its prosperity. And this country, he would maintain, would bear a fa- vorable comparison in religion, in morals, and in enterprise, with any part of the British dominions. Yet this was the way in which its former position, as a receptacle of British criminals had caused it to be spoken of. Even Sir William Molesworth, the tried friend and champion of the colonies, had in the House of Commons spoken of Australia in such terms as show that his belief as to the state of society here was not very dissimilar to that expressed by the Times. He had spoken of the Australian colonies, as countries so hopelessly depraved, that the history of the world could find for them no parallel. (Hear, hear.) He considered the amendment proposed by the last speaker to be just as bad as the ori- ginal proposal. He at one time concurred with a part of this amendment, but he would now vote against the whole of it. The stain on one proposition had cast its influence over the whole. (Hear, hear.) They had been told that they ought to take as broad and compre- hensive a view of this question, and to give weight in their considerations of it to the great advantages which a resumption of transporta- tion would confer upon the mother country. He admitted that the mother country would derive those advantages, but he, who had come 200 miles to be present and to record his vote upon this momentous occasion, had lis- tened in vain for any tangible argument to prove that it was for this, or any other reason, their duty to con- sent to the measure proposed. Admitting even that a resumption of transportation would provide the colony with cheap labour, still this was not the question. It was their duty to look to the interests of the whole commu- nity, and not to the interests of a class. To seek the advantage of employers only at the expense of national interests, and national morality, would be a clear departure from their duty. (Hear, hear.) Some honorable mem- bers seemed to think that this was a matter which could be decided according to the prac- tice of merchants, by making out a sort of debtor and creditor account of the pecuniary advantages and disadvantages resulting from transportation, and deciding in favour of that side which had the balance. He protested against such a mode of dealing with a question like this. It was their duty to guard the moral character as well as the material interests of the colony, and no man could maintain that the moral character of the country would be advanced by making it a receptacle for British criminals, (Hear, hear, hear.) He would go farther than his hon. and gallant friend Mr. Lamb. He would join the people of Van Diemen's Land in seeking to get rid of transportation to that colony, and he would protest against the formation of penal settle- ments on any part of their costs. (Hear, hear.) It would be as improprer for them to take any steps for the importation of cheap labour to benefit the employer, at the expense of the entire community, as to legislate for the intro- duction of tea, sugar, or other stores, at a cheaper rate than usual, to be used upon their establishments. But he for one had ex- perienced no such difficulty in procuring labour at a cheap rate, as to render necessary any such measure as the one under discussion, even for the exigencies of the labour market. (Hear, hear). They were told that it was their duty as Christians to offer these people an asylum. He admitted the reformatory effects of the transportation system to the fullest extent which had been contended for. He knew many in his own neighbourhood who had come to the colony in this manner, and whose words he would as soon take as their bonds. Their conduct was in every respect most exemplary, and they had brought up families in the highest respecta- bility. Still the fact must not be lost sight of that these cases were rather the exception than the rule. Thousands and thousands of these people had been wholly cast away. (Hear, hear.) All of them, unhappily must have it in their power to point out many persons who were utterly ruined by the effects of this system. (Hear, hear.) If it was a great advantage to the mother country to get rid of these people, it surely must be dangerous to the colony to receive them. If the presence of convicts, accumulating at the rate of 5000 per annum, would endanger the peace of a country with so many millions, how much more danger- ous must it be to receive this number into a community of 200,000. This rapid accumula- tion of criminals was known to lead to dan- gerous results. There were cases in the older communities of Europe, where this accumula- tion of criminals had defied all the attempts of the authorities to coerce them. In Norway for instance, the government had found it neces- sary to call upon the people to provide some means of protecting themselves. From the second special report on Criminal Law, he would quote the following passage:- It appears that the chief town of Norway is so inju- riously affected by the proportion which the liberated convicts hear to its population-nearly one in thirty- that the inhabitants have been called upon by the police to provide the means of their own security from such persons. In France, where between 7000 and 8000 con- victs are liberated yearly, the superintendence of the police (surveillance) and the compulsory and fixed resi- dence of the convict are found very insufficient, espe- cially since the invention of railways. The residence of the liberated convicts is found to be a permanent danger to society. The system of imprisonment (reclusion), or of the Bagues, or Travaux Forces, is of little effect in reforming or even deterring from a repetition of the offences punished, and the proportion of those re-com- mitted for new offences is not less than thirty per cent. Thus, of about 90,000 persons tried in the whole king- dom, above 15,000, or one sixth of the whole number, had already suffered imprisonment, to say nothing of the corrupting effects produced on the community, even by those who escaped a second punishment. If this was the case in the oldest states of the world, how much more danger was there of such a result in a new and thinly peopled country such as this. There could be no doubt that it would be thus dangerous. A resumption of transportation would endanger their peace, and cast a stain upon their character without advancing the material interests of the commu- nity. (Hear, hear.) The hon. and learned member for Sydney had said on Friday night, in speaking of the Report from the Select Committee over which he prevailed, that if the adoption of this Report had been moved at the time it would have been adopted. He differed from that gentleman upon this point, although he admitted that in the excitement which had prevailed out of doors in connection with this question, the hon. and learned member had been most unfairly treated. (Hear, hear.) The Report alluded to would never have been adopted by that House. (Hear, hear.) The Committee had fallen into a great and grievous error, in entering upon this subject without taking evidence. If they had taken pains to collect the opinions of the colonists they never would have brough up such a Report. Mr. WENTWORTH: Eight or ten wit- nesses were examined. The Committee only determined against taking evidence upon one part of the question. Mr. MURRAY: That part of the question upon which evidence was not taken was the most important part. Mr. WENTWORTH: The hon. member had clearly not read the Report. What the committee decided was, that expediency and popular opinion was against the resumption of transportation. Mr. MURRAY: It appeared then that the committee assumed the opinions of the colo- nists to be against the resumption of transpor- tation ; but, notwithstanding this assumption, they went on to assert that it was desirable to carry out this system to its fullest extent. (Hear, hear.) There was an imputation cast upon the committee at that time to which he for one did attach some importance. This Report it must be recollected, was brought up at a time when the colonists were seriously alarmed as to the position of the land question. Certain parties being likely to monopolise all the waste lands of the country, were desirous, it was thought, of getting all the criminals of England to render them profitable. (Hear, hear, hear.) It had been asserted too that the Report was purposely brought up late in the session, when there was no chance of discussing it. (Hear.) He believed too that, although not discussed here, means were taken to have it widely cir- culated in England, to serve the purposes of those who desire the resumption of transporta- tion. Mr. WENTWORTH: If the honorable member would take the trouble to read the Re- port he would know better what the Commit- tee recommended. The conclusion which the Committee arrived it was, that there was a strong feeling against making New South Wales a penal settlement, and upon this they would not have been able to report dif- ferently if they had examined a hundred wit- nesses. But conceiving that convicts were to be forced upon them, the Committee went on to point out certain conditions which ought to be insisted on. Mr. MURRAY: Notwithstanding all the honorable and learned member said, it was clear that the Report was one in favour of a re- sumption of transportation. The object for which it had been placed in circulation must therefore have been to obtain for the scheme a degree of credit to which it was not entitled. But, whatever was the object, he denied the insertion which had been made by the honorable and learned member, that the Report would have had any chance of being sanctioned by the House if it had been dis- cussed. (Hear, hear.) He was free to admit that he should himself have voted at one time in favour of such a proposition as was now made to them, but he would not do so now. Seeing the excitement which this question had caused, there could be no doubt that the sooner it was settled the better. He should, therefore, give to the motion of his honorable friend Mr. Lamb, all the support in his power. No doubt petitions had been presented from a few persons in favour of a resumption of trans- portation, upon a modified system, but while the whole number who had expressed their views upon this question by petitioning the House was 36,559 there were of this number but 525 who were favourable to a resumption of transportation upon any system. It was as clear as could be that the whole sense and feelings of the colony were opposed to such a resumption in any shape or upon any condition. Th« principal petition of the pro-transporta- tionists, contained the following passages- That from the inadequate supply of labour the growth of these products (forming the staple exports of the colony) great as their annual increase has been, has for some time past been materially impeded. That in consequence of the large debt which has been con- tracted on the guarantee of the Territorial Revenue, in order to pay for the past importation of labour, a still further deficiency of this indispensable element of colo- nial prosperity is inevitable unless other sources of supply be rendered available. If they looked at the returns upon the table of that House, they would find that the exports had increased to a great extent since the cessa- tion of transportation, and that they were still increasing in the same ratio as they had in- creased for the last thirty years. What more oould be expected ? These 625 petitioners could not, therefore, state with any propriety or with any accuracy that a want of labour had impeded the increase of their exports. (Hear, hear.) Even admitting there was a debt upon the funds applicable to immigration, which would still further diminish the imported sup- ply of labour, this was no reason why they should legislate for a particular class. Labour was, to a certain extent, a commodity, and any person who required it might send at his own cost to procure it from China or any other market ; but he had no right to seek the intervention of the legislature for his own pecu- liar advantage. Still less had he a right to seek these advantages at the expense of the ge- neral interest. It had been said, that their land fund would be cut off and annihilated by the separation of Moreton Bay and Port Phillip. Now, what was really the case ? Suppose that Moreton Bay should in fact be separated, as well as Port Phillip, was it not clear that their land fund would be as available to this colony as ever? Labour, like water, would always find its level. Wherever there was profitable employment for it, there em- ployment would be sought. (Hear, hear.) He could speak from experience upon this point. He was at Port Phillip soon after wages had risen in that place, and he was surprised to see there many of his old servants, who had come overland in search of this higher scale of remuneration. He was there again at a time when, during a season of tem- porary depression, wages had fallen materially. These people came to him then and wanted to be taken back. He did not at that time engage with any of them, but they found their way to him in his own part of the country, and he there employed several of them. (Hear, hear.) They would, however, have a land fund-and a considerable land fund, too, of their own. The sale of land for small farms was increasing in an extraordinary manner. In the sales ad- vertised for one time at the various police offices throughout the country, the quantity of land put up would realise £5000, if sold only at the minimum price. These sales, he pre- sumed, were repeated several times during the year, and would be attended with similar re- sults. This argument, therefore, which had been so much dwelt upon, would not bear en- quiry. But if it should even be found a sub- stantial argument they must do the best they could with the labour which they could get from legitimate sources, without resorting to so objectionable a source for supplying the defi- ciency. (Hear, hear.) He regretted that some of the gentlemen who had taken the same side as that upon which he himself was about to vote, had declaimed in strains unworthy of any subject of the British Crown. (Hear, hear, hear.) Influences had been made use of which were wholly unnecessary for the deter- mination of such a question as this. It must be clear to the meanest capacity that this matter came before them from the Home Government only as an offer. They might have these convicts or refuse them, as they pleased, and no force would be used to coerce them into anything contrary to their own opinions. It was most unfair, therefore, to re- present the offers of the British Government as an attempt to force convicts upon a free people. This, however, had been done by many of the crazy beings who had taken part in the popular excitement upon this subject. He regretted to hear any such language used with reference to the flag of England as had been used during the discussion of this question. (Hear.) The longer that flag waved over them, the longer they would maintain a respected and respect- able position. (Hear, hear, hear.) He should be sorry to find that the British flag had met in Australia with anything but respectful treat- ment; and, as far as his own feelings went, he would, if he had been present at the meeting when such was used have expressed his Captain KING: Disgust- Mr. MURRAY: He would adopt the term suggested. He would, then, have unhesi- tatingly expressed his disgust. (Hear, hear.) Another reason, therefore, for settling this con- vict question at once was, that it would de- prive these crazy demagogues-the Jack Cades of the day-of their favourite sub- ject of declamation. It was most an- noying to hear and read the crude absurdities which were daily put forth in connection with the subject. They were not called upon to resist force, but to express an opinion. They might therefore say, that they would not receive convicts upon any terms, without expressing themselves in a manner unworthy of Englishmen. (Hear, hear.) A speech which had been made by an hon. member of that House, afforded an argument which, if he had been at all disposed to waver, would have had very much effect upon him. That gentleman said, if these pro convict views were carried, he would pack up his things and be off to California. This doubtless would be a great advantage, and might operate as a strong inducement towards voting on that side of the question. (Laughter.) But then, even if they were to vote in this way for such a pur- pose, they might not obtain their object, for the hon. gentleman perhaps might alter his mind and decline to go. (Hear.) From all they could hear, Zachary Taylor seemed very secure upon his seat, and he did not believe that the Marmons were in want of a Prophet. (Hear, hear and laughter.) They might there- fore inflict much injury upon the colony without securing the corresponding advantages. They must not look to this question with respect only toi its pecuniary bearing ; but as to the character of the country, and as to its effects upon that character. They must, therefore, settle the question in such a manner that it could never again be revived. Much had been said as to the position of hon. members, with reference to their constituencies. He had been at one of the public meetings in his district, although he took no part in it, and a gentleman of some standing in the district asked him in what way he meant to vote upon this question. His reply was, that he had no idea of making any pledge as to the course he should adopt, but that he should exercise his best discretion, and should act in such a manner as he thought most to the advancement of their interests. This was the only statement which he would make on that occasion, and he was glad to find that his constituents had the good sense to see that he was right. He was therefore under no pledge to his constituents. He intended, from the time that this question was determined, to withdraw from that House and from public life. He had no motive, therefore, to court popularity. In recording his vote, he should alone be actuated by a desire to advance the best interests of the country, and in so doing he should be ready to stand or fall in the opi- nion of those whom he at present represented. (Hear, hear). The hon. and learned member for Sydney had stated that some of the signa- tures to the petitions against the renewal of transportation were obtained in an improper manner. But this was a statement which must have equal weight with reference to the peti- tions on the other side also. So far as the ladies of the colony were con- cerned, they had a right to express their opinion upon a question of this nature, and he was glad they had done so. It was a question of which they were peculiarly well qualified to judge. In discussing this question with a gentleman of his acquaintance, after exhausting all his arguments without effect, he told that gentleman to go and consult his wife, confident that the latter would be the best judge in a moral and social question of this nature. Returning now to the reputation which past years of convictism had given to this country at home, it was clearly necessary that they should do something to relieve the country of the foul stain which had been cast upon it. Surely it must be most painful to any person to hear such language as that he had read used with reference to a country in which he hoped to spend his own days and to rear his family ? Surely it was desirable that these feelings to the prejudice of the country should be removed with all possible speed. Sir William Molesworth and others, however, had looked only at the dark side of the picture. If they were to look at England herself in the same manner, there was no lack of evidence to make out a case to her prejudice, as strong as that which had been made against this colony. He would read to the House a few passages from the report of a Commission of Enquiry into the state of morals and education in Wales. After alluding to the prevalence of fraudulent and im- moral practices of various kinds, the report went on to say :- But the prominent sin of Wales is the almost total absence of chastity on the part of both sexes, which prevails rather from the want of a sense of moral obli- gation than from a forgetfulness or violation of recog- nised duties. The number of illegitimate children in proportion to the population is astounding. The vice is not confined to the poor. Farmers' daughters are in the constant habit of being "courted in bed," and in the case of domestic servants the offence is said to be uni- versal. Pregnancy before marriage is the natural or- der of things, and neither creates shame, nor affixes disgrace. The custom of Wales is said to justify the practice, and the system of "bundling," or courting in beds, is an ancient and recognised preliminary to mar- riage; if pregnancy ensues the union generally, but by no means always takes place. An attempt having been made at a Union board to persuade the guardians to build a workhouse, with a belief that it would check the increase of bastardy, they scouted the notion of its being any disgrace, and maintained that the custom of Wales justified the thing. In short, to use the emphatic language of the chaplain to the Lord Bishop of Bangor,-"It is an undeniable fact, that incontinence is not regarded as a vice, scarcely as a frailty, by the common people in Wales. It Is con- sidered as a matter of course, as the regular conven- tional process towards marriage. It is avowed, de- fended, and laughed at, without scruple, or shame, or concealment, by both sexes alike. . . . The minds of the common people are become thoroughly and uni- versally depraved and brutalised ; and to meet this ap- palling evil the present system of education in Wales is utterly powerless. He would now read to the House what was said as to the schools among these people : - In very few schools are the leading facts of the Gospel history known. In one, in reply to a question, " Who was Christ?" five repeatedly declared they did not know, and had never heard of him ; one only knew he was crucified: two only knew who made the world. All except two declared, positively and repeatedly, that there would be no other life or world after this; that they had never been told or heard of any ; and that their fathers and mothers never said any thing to them about such things. In another school, two only could tell any one thing that Christ did ; and a third said, that he drew water from a rock in the land of Canaan. In another, one only know who the apostles were, none what happened to Christ when he came into the world; but they thought that he was nailed to a cross by the 'bloody Jews.' Seven thought that it was done in Wales, and two in England. A child of fourteen re- peated the Belief perfectly, and then said that she did not understand a word of it. All thought the sun went round the world, in another, three girls repeat- edly declared that they had never heard of Christ; two, that they had never heard of God. Two out of six had never heard of St. Paul: the same number thought Christ was on earth now; one only said he was in Heaven. In another, none knew whether Christ would come back to the earth, nor what death he died. One only could say half the Lord's Prayer. All thought that the sun went round the world in twenty- four hours, and that the moon went away sometimes, and then came back again. In another, two or three of the first class, after every inducement to tell the truth declared that they had not heard of Christ at all, and were wholly unable to say who he was or what he did, or anything about him; and the disciples were detlned as people who behaved ill to Christ, baptism was the only word of which they seemed to have a dim concep- tion, and that was explained as " being put into a basin." In one school some of the children thought Adam, and others Eve, to be the mother of our Saviour; and that the book of Exodus was written by Genesis, and Ge- nesis by Exodus. In another, Mary Magdalene was de- clared to be the mother of Jesus Christ, the master ac- quiescing and assuring the commissioner that the case was so; a grown-up girl said, that Abraham was the fa- ther of Jesus Christ, and that Jacob baptised him ; the greater part had never heard of the resurrection of the dead. ln another, it was said that Mary Magdalene was the mother of our Saviour, that the Virgin Mary was his wife, and that the Virgin Mary was God. Some thought that Jesus Christ was born in Heaven; others that he was born in hell. The head boy of a large na- tional school was of opinion that Nebmuidnezi ir and Pharaoh bullt the temple of Jerusalem. In a church school in the county of Flint, scholars who could repeat the Church Catechism perfectly, believed that their "ghostly enemy" was Jesus Christ, and that there were three, nine, and fifteen gods. An ap - parenlly intelligent boy thought the ark in which Noah was saved was constructed of iron, and built by Solomon. In another, none could tell who were the Jews: and many believed that the Welsh were Jews. Moses was said to have been the husband of the Virgin Mary, and our Saviour to have been born in the Garden of Eden. Mary Magdalene was repeatedly declared to be the mother of our Saviour; and on one occasion, Joseph of Arimathea her hus- band. It was said in one school that St. Matthew wrote the History of England, and even the best scholars in another repeatedly asserted that the soul was mortal and the body immortal. If they were to form their opinions of the people in the United Kingdom by the read- ing of such statistics as these, they would come to the conclusion that instead of being, as they undoubt- edly were, the most educated, moral, and highly gifted nation on earth, they were the most immoral and the most ignorant. To do this, however, would be to look only at the dark side of the picture, as had been done in reference to this colony. (Hear, hear.) They must do all in their power therefore 'o cast from them the foul stain which had attached itself to their name. By the efforts of a majority in that House, and a majority of the people out of the House, it would, he hoped, be wiped off. (Hear, hear.) He would not have them stop at the prevention of a resumption of transpor- tation to this colony. They should continue their efforts until transportation to all the Aus- tralasian colonies had ceased. They should co- operate with Van Diemen's Land, and should protest against the establishment of a penal settlement upon the northern coasts of the colony. (Hear, hear.) If the exigencies of the state required that a new penal colony should be formed on the shores of New Holland, the Home Government must form one upon the northern or north-western coasts. They must also endeavour to put a stop to the evils arising from their own penal settlement on Cockatoo Island, which, for want of proper management, was working much mischief. In the way of improvement they had much to do. They must take means for reducing the price of land to its proper limits, and to destroy the mo- nopoly in this element of wealth, both within the boundaries and beyond them. (Hear, hear.) If this was done, instead of receiving the crime and the pauperism of England-in- stead of establishing here the lowest democracy ever known on earth, they would bring among them some of the most intelligent and some of the most wealthy of the British nation. A community would then be introduced, and a nation rise into existence which would reflect the splendour or the British name, and gain equal fame and respect for its own. (Cheers.) Captain KING begged to add a few words to what had been already addressed to the House on this occasion. In the first case, he must apologise to the honorable member for Murray for having involuntarily supplied him with the word disgust in reference to his feel- ings with respect to the outrageous attack made on the British flag by the hon. and reverend member for Sydney. With regard to the ques- tion before the House he had hoped to have voted with his old friend Mr. Macarthur on the resolutions which he had at first placed on the paper; but in the amended shape in which they were now brought before the House, he felt that he could not do so. He had made up his mind that it was not desirable that trans- portation should in any shape be renewed to this colony ; and although he felt that the dis- memberment of any part of the northern dis- trict from the colony would be a serious disad- vantage, he should feel compelled to vote for the resolutions of the hon. and gallant member, Mr. Lamb. But while he was on his legs, he felt it incumbent on him, in the position he occupied, to advert to the expressions that had been made use of at the late meeting in the Barrack-square. He could only reiterate the expression of the honorable member, and he reiterated it with all the em- phasis of which he was capable, that he regarded that expression and the person who made use of it alike with the utmost dis- gust. (Loud cheers.) Those expressions were disgraceful coming from the mouth of any gen- tleman, and more so from an honorable mem- ber of that House ; but still worse when uttered by the lips of a Christian minister. It was in utter forgetfulness of the Divine precept, which condensed the duty of a man into the short moral "Fear God, and honour the King." (Cheers.) Instead of following this precept, the honorable and reverend member had made use of his influence and his eloquence, to ex- cite a people already excited. He had used at the meeting the following words, "he would not hesitate for a moment, in assisting his fel- low-colonists to pull it down, and to hoist the flag of freedom and independence in its stead." And at the end of this paragraph were inserted the words "( Great cheering.)" He hoped the cheering was for the flag, not for the speaker, that the noise was an exulting shout to drown the seditious outcry of the honorable and reve- rend member. But he rejoiced to find another minister of religion was present to repudiate those sentiments, and the reverend Mr. Boyce, in a subsequent speech said :- Reference had been made to the pulling down the English flag which waved above them. He would like to see the man who would dare do it. That flag was the ring with which Australia was married to Great Britain, mid no divorce should bo pronounced botweeu thom. That flag would, he trusted, float ever over the graves of British subjects in Australia and in England, that it would serve as the symbol of unity between them to the end of the world. (Cheers.) This was the antidote to the poison that had been disseminated by the honorable and rev. member, but it was a matter of no surprise to him that a clergyman who could turn the scripture into ridicule, could be guilty of language like this. The honorable and rev. member in his speech, had likened certain people to Balaam's ass ; but he himself was like the son of Zeppa, who sent insulting messages to Balaam. (Cheers.) He felt bound to say that his old and respected friend, Captain Lamb, had explained to him that in the excitement of the meeting he had left this disgraceful ex- pression unnoticed, though he assured him had he remarked it he should have felt bound to refer to it in terms of strong condemnation. He had to apologise to the House for trespass- ing on its attention, but as an officer of Her Majesty, who had served under that flag, he felt bound to take the course he had adopted. (Cheers.) Mr. BERRY : (We are enabled only to give a very imperfect and probably incorrect outline of Mr. Berry's speech, as the hon. gentleman was almost inaudible throughout to the reporters in the gallery.) Before going into the im- portant question before the House, he would say a word or two on the subject of which they had heard. A good deal during the present debate. He alluded to the subject of the Bri- tish flag ; and he must say that he thought that hon. members had fallen into some mistake in reference to the part taken by the hon. and rev. member for Sydney. He took it that hon. gentleman was far too clever a fellow to be likely to be led into talking sedition. (Laughter and cheers). He talked of a flag that had waved for a thousand years, and this certainly could not be the present British flag, which had waved little more than 150. The conduct of the hon. and rev. member remem- bered him of an old Saxon King, named Ethel- bald, a very pious monarch indeed, and who, some of his subjects, who did not dislike the idea of filling his place, said, was more fitted for a monk than a king. The Saxon sovereign abjured his kingdom for his religion, and he thought that as the hon. and rev. member had abjured the Scotch Church, and the Estab- lished Free Church of Scotland, that it was the flag of Christianity which he wanted to pull down. (The hon. member was called to order for making irrelevant observations.) To come immediately, then, to the question before the House. He was astonished to see this matter taken up as it had been by the House ; how members were quarrelling with each other on minor points of difference, while the question before them was simply between the Council and the Home Government. But in this broad simple light he could understand the question before the House, but he was obliged to say, the more ¡t was discussed, as it had been by hon. mem- bers, the less he understood it. The English Government asked the colony, " Will you take our criminals in this shape or not ?" The answer the colony ought to make was yes, or no. But the question which had been raised in this Council was, " Will you receive the best of English prisoners, with, conditions ad- vantageous to the colony, or the very worst, without any conditions at all. (Cheers from the transportationists.) It had been stated, and with much truth, that whether they willed it or not, convicts from the neighbouring co- lonies must come here. They were already coming in immense numbers from Van Die- men's Land. He believed there was an office established in Hobart Town where prisoners who had received their conditional pardons, could at once apply and obtain their passage to this colony without any payment. It had been proposed to erect a penal colony in the north, and there was little doubt but that some such proposition would be carried out, and that thus the convicts would tumble in upon them either way. If the colony refused these exiles-if they decided to refuse to assist the Empire out of the dilemma in which it was placed ; the consideration of the Colonial Minister would be that New South Wales was a troublesome colony, and that it would be politic to lessen its power by cutting off from it a part of its territory, anil thus the settlement at Moreton Bay would, probably, he dismembered from it. That district would be made a penal settle- ment, nor was it possible for them to say where the aggressions of the Colonial Minister would stop. The power was in his hands, and within the limits of the northern district he might in- clude the city and port of Newcastle, and limit the boundaries of the famous middle district to the county of Cumberland. Instead of this they were offered an alterative, they were asked to make terms, and he believed it was alike their interest and their duty to make the best bargain they could. The position they were placed in, at least as regards those who opposed the Colonial Minister's proposition, was that of a fortified city in a state of siege. The breaches had been made practicable, but the opposing commander had offered terms, fair and honourable terms, which could be ac- cepted with honour ; but which, if rejected, would leave them to the misery and degrada- tion they in their obstinate folly sought to avoid. The honorable members of that house were quarrelling about names ; it was not the substance they were disputing, but the shadow. (Hear, hear,) In the olden days of the colony, he knew only convicts as servants and la- bourers : Since those days he had known both convicts and emigrants in the same position, and he could safely say that if he had enter- tained any predilection for either class-it was on the side of the emigrant class. He thought the line of conduct he had pursued would sufficiently show this. In the year 1837, Go- vernor Bourke issued a proclamation stating that, after a certain period, transportation would cease. Although entitled under the regulations that prevailed to receive many convicts, he (Mr. Berry) never applied for any. He had then no wish to prolong the convict system in the colony, if he found that a better system, more advantageous to the social and moral interests of the colony, could be introduced by means of free emigration. He had never sought to interfere with this free emigration by importing convicts from Van Diemen's Land, as had been done by Mr. Cowper and those who as- sociated with him to introduce whole cargoes of them. (The hon. member was here called to order by the SPEAKER, for alluding to circumstances irrelevant to the subject.) It was not his wish to allude illnaturedly to any individual, and he regretted he should have been thought to have done so. But at the time Sir Richard Bourke issued this proclama- tion, there were a large number of assignable convicts in the colony, and on application he could have had them. After a time labour of this description grew scarce, and Sir George Gipps proposed a tax of £1 per head on the convicts assigned. He (Mr. Berry) resisted this tax ; he believed it to be unjust and illegal ; that the Government had no power to propose such terms, which amounted in fact to receiving head money for a certain species of slavery. When transportation ceased in 1840, emigration to a large extent began to pour into the colony, and for a number of years he had had a great many immigrants in his employ of different classes, and pursuing different avocations. But from his experience of the two classes, he was forced, and he was sure he did so without any prejudice, to decide in favour of convict labour ; and after giving both systems a fair trial, he decided in all cases where it was possible to have ticket-of-leave holders. He had had in his service from first to last a large number of the prison class, in their various gradations. He had employed them in different kinds of work, and he had found them a good and serviceable class. True, there were bad individuals among them-he dare say among those that he had employed five per cent. were bad ; but so it was with all classes, whe- ther exile, bounty emigrant, or voluntary emi- grant. But in many instances he found the convicts he employed as good servants, and as correct a class as the scotch agricultural la- bourers. When the experiment was made of sending exiles here-more almost as a matter of curiosity than anything else he had applied for eight exiles, to see if they really were such demons as they had been represented to be. Not being on the spot to see their behaviour, he could only go by report ; but he was informed that without any exception they had all be- haved remakably well, and he was instructed to apply for a second batch. He did so, and they were also sent to the country, and with one exception, a man who appeared to be radi- cally bad, they had all turned out well. His overseer, a very respectable and intelligent man, a Wesleyan, who came out to this country free, and paid his own passage, reported to him that they were fifty per cent, better than any equal number of free immigrants who had been on the estate for years. After the lapse of time that had ensued since the cessation of the convict system, he found that he had at present no less than eighteen persons who had been convicts at present on his estate, all of whom had served their time to him, and who were now about the best men he had in his employ. It must be that the secret of this success was, that on his estate he never had the means of coercing or punishing his convicts. Perhaps if he had possessed the means of carry- ing out his own passions and feelings, he might have been as great a tyrant as other em- ployers had been reported to be ; but he had no means. The only coercion he had in his power to use was the coercion of moral influence, and under this coercion he found that convicts might be guided as easily as any other class of men. In fact, he found it more easy to govern the convicts than the immigrants. They were better ser- vants for this reason. Under the old system of assignment, the convict served what was in fact an apprenticeship to some trade or calling. They were kept to this trade, and as they learnt their occupation they became accus- tomed to habits of industry under it, till habit made that application to it pleasant, which in the unregulated state of their minds, before, was most unpalatable and irksome. This was a truly reformatory system, the system which worked by hope instead of fear, which held out the prospect of present comfort and future re- putation, and which did not seek to add to the calamity of the convict's fall, the degradation of barbarous punishment. He believed that the system of punishment in a reformatory view was most erroneous and injudicious. Punishment of any sort could never reform a man, it seemed, and must seem to the criminal only a revenge for crimes he had committed taken by those he had not injured, and there- fore it only exasperated him. The silent and separate system which had been so much ex- tolled by some parties, imprisonment in solitary cells, and such like devices of mental torture, were only illustrative of the error of systems of punishment of any sort. The unnatural isola- tion from social intercourse to which they had been subjected, produced pressure on the brain, and he had no doubt it was to this source that the overflowing state of the lunatic asylums of the colony was attributable. It was his con- firmed conviction, that punishment never re- formed any man, it served only to make men worse. The man who had done wrong and was punished, became desperate, and the more he was punished, the more desperate he be- came. One man who was once in his employ came from Norfolk Island, he was irreclaim- ably bad. He (Mr. Berry) tried all in his power to induce him to reform, by advice, and representing to him how much he might for- ward his own interests by so doing. But the man plainly told him that the advice came too late, it might have availed him when he first committed crime ; but punishment long continued had deadened his heart to the sense of the evil and misery attendant on crime. Punishment ought not to make any part of the discipline of criminals. The only discipline used should be to teach the convict to earn his living, and recover his reputation, and to con- vince him of the advantage of his doing so. They must, in the consideration of this ques- tion, never leave out of remembrance the way in which these people became convicts. Many of them were sent out for political offences, for holding opinions they might have conscien- tiously believed to be right ; others perhaps were tempted into crime to provide bread for their children and wives ; and many others were, in the old times of convictism sent out for such small offences, that they might, if not degraded by subsequent punishment, turn out respectable and good men, and most useful members of society in a community where their former career was unknown. No system of re- formatory discipline had ever proved so trium- phant over the crimes and vices of human nature as that of transportation and assignment. True it was that in some cases it had failed, but he believed that in thoe vast majority of those cases it was not the system that was wrong in principle, but the manner in which that system was carried into effect. These criminals were flogged and imprisoned under this system, the reformatory principle was entirely lost sight of, and it was degraded into a mere system of punishment. But if there wanted any proof of the signal success of the system, let them look at what the colony had become in its operation. Let them look for the proof of the assertions of those who denounced this system to the characters and families of the denouncers themselves. Could it be denied that numbers of gentlemen now so fearful of the contamination and vice of this system, but who had spent a large portion of their lives in the colony when it was most rife, were as re- spectable in every way as any class of men in any part of the world. And look at the con- dition of the convicts themselves. If they had remained in England would any of them have made for themselves the comfortable homes, and respectable reputations to which thousands and thousands had attained in this colony? Instead of doing this, had they been left amid the scenes and vices of their earlier years, they would again have associated with crime-again impelled by want, and urged on by bad example and bad company, till they became utterly ruined, and passed on from bad to worse- spending their lives in gaols, or ex- piating their crimes by ending them on the gallows. He regretted to see Christian minis- ters opposed to this system ; he did not think they could have looked fully upon the past history of its working, and contemplated fairly its results. He did not think they had fairly calculated the masses of men who had under it been redeemed from crime and destruction, or they would have remembered in a more chari- table spirit the words of their Divine Master - "That there is more joy over one sinner that repenteth, than over ninety-nine just men." Again they were commanded by the same Divine authority, to visit and console the sick and imprisoned-and were not these poor pri- soners the despised and rejected of their own land, sick in their souls, and did they not require the ministration of the physician of souls. It would be seen that his opinions and predilections had not been in favour of the convicts against the emigrants, but having tried both he was bound to say that the result was in favour of the former. In all cases he had treated both classes alike. He had never drawn any distinction between them. He believed that the exiles and the immigrants were of exactly the same class of men, though the exiles had been subjected to punishment. Many of the emigrants had probably been guilty of offences as great, and perhaps might have got off because they happened to have the advice and assistance of some lawyers as clever and ingenious as the hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland, or the hon. member for the Northumberland boroughs. He must now, however, refrain from trespassing on the attention of the House ; and he could not ap- prove of the motions of the hon. member (Mr. Lamb), nor could he concur in the amend- ment moved by Mr. Macarthur, and con- sequently he should vote for neither. He confessed he should, had there been time, have liked to have seen this question referred to a Select Committee, in which the merits of it might have been more coolly and calmly examined. He was aware that out of doors there was a very strong and very irra- tional feeling against the proposal to receive exiles or convicts in any shape ; bul it was not difficult to understand the reason why this feeling should exist among the lower classes. They were afraid that it would lower the rate of wages, and it was impossible not to perceive that nearly the whole of the people in the Barrack Square were influenced by this fear, that the introduction of convicts would lower the rate of wages. It was a fallacy, it was true ; but a fallacy which they could not com- prehend ; for it was utterly impossible that the introduction of a limited number of convicts could interfere with the fair and equitable adjustment of the labour market. Under any circumstances, whether they had exileism or whether they had immigration, wages ought to and must be governed by the rate of pro- fits, and any departure from this standard, though it might raise the rate of wages for a time, would in the end prove as injurious to the labourer as to the employer. Mr. DANGAR : The hon. member for Murray had in his speech upon this question treated the House to an article having reference to the social and moral condition of this colony, which had been published as an article in a paper, no doubt of considerable celebrity, called the Sunday Times. The hon. member had ad- mitted that the statements in that article were false and libellous, and that it grossly misrepre- sented the position of the colony. It was likely that errors of this sort should be made, arising as they oftentimes did from the desire to influ- ence party feelings ; but still more often in ignorance of things so remote as those they were writing about. When they found Secre- taries of State making gross mistakes, not only as to the political state of the colony, but as to its geographical features, they had no need to wonder that opinions so absurd, and so slanderous, as far as they regarded the position of this colony, should be indulged in by the writers in public newspapers. The hon. member had also read to them an article about Wales, for what reason it was impossible for him to say, as it appeared to him to tell directly against the hon. member's argument. He argued that no convicts should be sent here for fear they should degrade and pollute the moral portion of the community, and yet he described the principality of Wales, to which convicts had never been sent, which was represented generally to be a moral part of the empire, as rife with offences of greater enormity, and pervaded by a grosser ignorance, and a more blunted sense of right and wrong, than had ever prevailed under the convict system in New South Wales. Therefore the articles which had been quoted by the hon. member, could not be taken to have any effect whatever on this question ; they went for nothing, for they did not apply, or if they applied at all, were against those conclusions of which the hon. member was the advocate. If the question before the House were one for the resumption of transportation, either in kind or in degree, he admitted that it would be the duty of that House to pause before they came to a final decision upon it. But it was not so, and those who had spoken of it as such outside that House, had either been misled themselves, or were striving to mislead others. The exile system was entirely different from the convict system. Nor could he see how any of the objections which were urged against the latter could obtain to the de- portation here of exiles to this country, whose offences were of a light character, and who would be accompanied by a large number of free immigrants. He (Mr. Dangar) was not one of those alarmists who believed that the very presence of a convicted man involved a moral contamination. He did believe that there was little harm to be feared from them that they would not infect the moral atmo- sphere-and that it was the duty of that Coun- cil, instead of coldly rejecting them with phari- saical pride, to compassionate these men, and to receive them into a country, compared with which there was none in the world so calcu- lated to ameliorate their condition, and which held out opportunities to them of becoming good citizens and reputable men. Leave these unfortunate criminals at home, and they were doomed to the gaol and to the gallows, while if they were sent here an asylum and a home would always be provided .for them. There was no doubt that if the prosperity of the co- lony was to be maintained, there must be some means adopted for ensuring a supply of labour. Of late they had had a large supply of free immigration, but it had been at a large ex- pense to the colony, an expense which could not be continued. Nor could he believe that the system under which emigration to this co- lony had been carried out was at all satisfac- tory. The immigrants had, to a large extent, from the want of proper care in their selection, turned out to be a very useless class ; nor did he see that they had any chance of improving this system. The English government ap- peared to be determined to keep the matter in their own hands-they would manage it their own way-would appoint their own officers to select and send them out here. Again, even if this supply of labour were more valuable than it was, it did not appear that it could be any longer kept up. Already were the funds by which immigration was carried on exhausted, and not only so, but he believed he was jus- tified in saying that already the land fund was in debt to the amount of about £100,000. Thus the only source to which they could look for an accession of labour was dried up, and while their flocks and herds were increasing to a large extent, there was no knowing when the supply of labour from this source might be again available. If exiles were sent out to this colony there was no occasion why they should shock the refined feelings of the citizens of Sydney. It was not necessary that they should have any intercourse with the citizens of Sydney at all. They might be sent to the out-ports of the colony, to Twofold Bay and Moreton Bay, and Newcastle, from whence they might be distributed through the interior. The saintly people of Sydney would not have their ideas of propriety wounded, or run the risk of being contaminated by the immorality of these exiles; although he must be allowed to say that the talk about morality was all clap-trap, got up by those who were opposed to this system, to assist their case. Instead of being in the cities these people would be in the country, tending the flocks and herds of the colony -a life which it was well known was most distasteful to the emigrant class who were sent out here. Indeed it was with the greatest dif- ficulty that a small proportion of those emi- grants who were brought out could be induced to leave the towns and go into the interior. Not a dozen out of the whole number that ar- rived in each ship would go if they could pos- sibly avoid it. This was the sort of labour, or rather idleness, on which their money had been wasted- immigrants who would not follow the occupations which were the most useful to the colony, and which would, under proper con- duct, be most beneficial to themselves. The hon. member from the Crow's Nest (Mr. Berry) had referred to the value of the different kinds of labour, He (Mr. Dangar) had also been an employer of labour to a very considerable ex- tent, and although he did not altogether agree that convict labour was superior to free, he be- lieved that on the whole it had turned out generally as well. Since the commencement of the deportation of exiles to these shores, six ships had arrived, bringing 1618 exiles ; and he found from returns laid before the House, that only forty of this number had been committed, and all for minor offences. He found that here was one for rape (great laughter), five for larceny, four for assaults, and thirty for breaches of discipline out of this large number of exiles, therefore, it appeared not one had been convicted in any court of justice of a flagrant character. Cer- tainly such an amount of crime was not greater than would have been committed by any two regiments of 800 men each, who might be sta- tioned here. He (Mr. Dangar) had hired forty of these men, when the first ship arrived, and he had them nearly all with him now, and he could certainly say that they had turned out the most valuable body of men that he had ever had in his service. The hon. member (Mr. Berry) said that the convicts were better men than the immigrants. He could not agree with this, but they made better servants, be- cause they were more under control. The immigrants could come and go as they would, and they were too independent to stop long in any one situation. The exiles therefore were a more valuable class to the employers of labour, and if they were sent to this colony with their wives and families, they would be a most va- luable gift, and would be the salvation of the country. Without some such system was adopted, he did not see how the country was to get on at all. There would be exer- cised over these short sentenced prisoners whom it was proposed to send here, a mild dis- cipline, which would operate most beneficially to the employer, and be most reformatory to the exile. With regard to the morality of the question, he quite agreed with honorable mem- bers, that the morality of the system should be taken into very serious consideration. That it should never be lost sight of. But there was other things besides morality which must not be lost sight of. They must get their daily bread ; and to refuse this boon, to spurn this gift, which was offered to them by the English Government, would be to spurn their daily bread, for the sake of this morality, or the talk of this morality, to which some honorable mem- bers seemed to attach so much importance. If they did not get labour of this sort they would be thrown on their own resources, and he could not say what they would do. Their increasing flocks must be tended, and the native youth of the colony had a distaste to the life of a shep- herd, and the squatters must take steps to sup- ply themselves with labour. They would of course go to the cheapest market for ir, and would have recourse to China, or India, or the islands of the adjacent sea; and thus would be introducing into the colony a race differing in colour, in blood, in habits, and religion. There could be no doubt this would be a great evil, a serious drawback on the name and reputation of the country; but it would be the only resource the employers of labour would have, and as a drowning man clings to a straw, so would the squatters be forced to cling to this last expedient. No doubt there had been numerous meetings held, and numerous petitions presented against this system, and some for it. But they were all well aware of the great surplus population of the city of Sydney. In Sydney there were 50 or 60,000 persons ; or, as they had been told the other evening by the hon. and reverend member for Sydney, nearly one-third of the whole population of the colony. Such a state of things as this must necessarily be a very unwholesome one. Neither one third nor one fourth of our population had any business in this city ; but the hon. and reverend member wished to have walks and pleasure grounds laid out for the people, to make it still more attractive to them. In a state of circumstances like this, it was an easy thing to get up a nu- merous and influential meeting ; and it was worthy of remark too, that the persons who projected these meetings, always fixed on a Monday for holding them, because that day was generally an idle one among the operative clisses. The mechanics and labourers had not got over the dissipation of Saturday and Sunday, and therefore it was not difficult to get up monster meetings, and monster petitions. At the meeting held in the Barrack-square, of which they had heard so much, he found the speakers were seven merchants and traders, six clergymen, four lawyers, and one squatter. (Laughter.) The squatters were very badly represented on this occasion, there was only one of the class present, and he unfortunately was against the general opinions and interests of the body. Of course, at that meeting, the squatters, as a body, were very much abused, and by none more heartily than the Rev. Dr. Ross. But it could not be said that a meeting, constituted as this was, led on by such leaders, could be representatives of the opinions of the city. From this meeting came up to the House a monster petition, the signatures to which were partly collected on the ground, and were after- wards most industriously canvassed for. They had been informed that signatures to this peti- tion had been obtained in the most disreputable and disgraceful manner. That schoolboys had been almost forced to append their signatures to it,-and one case had been mentioned of its having been signed by an infant in arms, (Great laughter.) In addition to this petition there was also a petition from the ladies, signed by 8000 individuals, making the total number of persons signing the Sydney petition above 19,000 in number. But large as this number was, it was not a majority. No doubt that every pains had been taken to ex- tend the numbers of this petition-persons had been employed and paid out of the pockets o the Anti transportation Committee. He hoped to collect these signatures. They had a right to assume that every man, woman, and child in the city, had been canvassed; and yet with all this expense and exertion, they had only suc- ceeded in obtaining the support of one-third of the people of Sydney. So much with regard to the meetings in Sydney. And he would now glance at those which had been held in the towns in the interior. Two meetings had been held in the district which he represented-one at Maitland, the other at Singleton. The po- pulation of Maitland was about 6000, and the Warden, who convened and presided at the Anti-transportation Meeting, declared that only 120 people were present. Now, he would ask the House, whether that could be taken as a declaration of the feelings of the majority of this class. The speakers at this meeting consisted of three clergymen, five settlers, two surgeons, one apothecary, and one newspaper editor. The opinions of two of the settlers were opposed to teo objects of the meeting if averse to the reception of exiles- and, because they made speeches in support of their opinions, they were nearly trampled upon. And this was the expression of opinion, as it was called, embodied in the petition from the town of Maitland. At Singleton, the inhabi- tants solicited the Warden of the district to convene a meeting, and he being a very good natured man, and, like most other Wardens, having very little to do, as the office of Warden was an office without pay, without power, without influence, or without duly attaching to it, he did call a meeting. The speakers comprised two clergymen, two schoolmasters, three tradesmen, and two settlers-and there were about sixty people present-and that was called a representation of the opinions of the district. At Scone, and Mudgee, and Murru- rundi, similar meetings were held, and some two or three persons attended besides the Warden ; but these meetings were too insigni- ficant to be reported ; but petitions were got up in the same kind of way as they had been in other places. Now, what force and influence could attach to meetings and petitions like these, attended and signed as they were by the drivers of bullock teams and school boys, At the Sydney meeting, as they all knew, very inflammatory language was used by the speakers ; and it was not creditable to the chairman and the respectable persons who attended that meeting, that they should have listened to it without expressing their condemnation of it. One hon. and rev. member had spoken of pull- ing down the British flag,-that flag which i was the pride, and which he hoped it would be the pride of their children's children, to rever- ence and honour, Such revolutionary nonsense was alike disgraceful to the lips that uttered it, and to those who stood by to hear it. One of the great outcries which had been raised against this system was, that the system that it was proposed to introduce would have a contami- nating influence. Where was the proof of this assertion? Was it borne out by the experience of former times ? Were crimes and murders and robberies more prevalent here than they were in other countries ? (Yes, from Mr. Nichols.) He had never heard of any complaints of this contaminating influence by the fathers and mothers who had brought up families,-and he could say for himself he had not observed it. He had reared his family, he hoped, without being affected by it; and he was content to believe that his children would be able to do the same. But all this talk of contamination was the far- fetched nonsense arising from a fe- verish excitement and determined prejudice, and by all strong and sensible minds it ought to be spurned and set down. He did not be- lieve if the colony were polled they would find that there was a majority of the colonists opposed to this system of exileism. He ad- mitted, in the towns there might be a majority, there it was always likely to be so, filled as they were with idlers and loungers who had never known what hard work was. The prin- cipal part of the petitions which had been pre- sented against the system had come from the towns,-from Sydney, from Maitland, from Bathurst, and Goulburn. These were the places in which these anti-transportation de- monstrations had been got up ; but it must be remembered, although it had not been mani- fested in meetings and petitions, that a contra spirit had been evinced very plainly. If the pro-transportationists appeared to be in a minority, it was because they were not so sharp and cunning as their opponents. They had not used the same active and energetic efforts, and, therefore, they appeared to be in the back ground. He had regretted to hear the honorable member for Bathurst say, last evening, that he should not record his vote on this occasion, because the majority of his constituents were against him. He Mr. Dangar could not imagine how the hon. member had arrived at this conclusion. There had been no call upon him to resign by a ma- jority of the electors, and he had no right to assume that the wild clamour which had been raised against the system was the expression ol' the opinion of the respectable constituency he represented. Throughout the able speech of the hon. and learned member, he had argued that by every inducement of interest, principle, and philanthropy, they were bound to stretch out the hand to these exiles ; but feeling this, proving as he had done so well and so elo- quently how much the interests of the country were involved in this question, how deeply in- volved their duties as Christian men, still his fine feelings prevented him from taking that part in discussing this question which his position in that House imposed upon him, and the hon. and learned member was not in his right place to night. The hon. and learned member had also said that the majority of the people in this country were opposed to this system, and that therefore he could not support it. But he absolutely denied that there was any proof of this. He had shown that in Sydney, where the strongest efforts had been made there was no such majority, and what reason had they to suppose that any such ma- jority existed in the country ? On the contrary -in all the places from which petitions had come there was a strong diversity of opinion, and from no single place had there been anything like a majority of the inhabitants who had pe- titioned. The whole number of the signatures appended to the petitions, procured as they had been in the most unscrupulous way, did not exceed one-tenth part of the people of the colony. He saw, therefore, no reason why the hon. and learned member for Bathurst should desert his cause on this occasion ; he had no right to do so, and he believed that when a very short time had elapsed that he would find he had not served the true interests of his con- stituency, and that they would be of the same opinion. The hon. member for Durham, too, also spoke in favour of the system, but could not support it on account of some pledge he had given his constituents respecting this question. He trusted the dilemma in which the hon. member was placed on this occasion would be a warning to him in future how he made such pledges. They were dangerous things to make, and too often interfered with members in pursuing that path of duty which their judgment and good sense pointed out to be the right one. He (Mr. Danger) like Mr. Darvall had a divided constituency, but he did not believe the majority of that constituency was opposed to the course he was pursuing on the present occasion. He knew in the various towns of the district he represented there was a strong feeling against the system of exileism, and that much excitement had prevailed. But he thought this excitement was confined to a comparatively small number of the electors, even in the towns, while in the country he had no doubt a majority entertained the same ideas as himself. But even supposing that the ma- jority of electors were opposed to him, he could not see that that was any reason why he should not express his opinion and give his vote on this question. The opinions he now held were the same he held when they elected him. He had not deceived them in this matter. They had exacted no pledge from him ; he had given them no promise. Five years ago, when the subject was first brought under the notice of the Council, he had unequivocally expressed his opinions upon it. He had done so on every subsequent discussion on it, and yet he had been returned to the Council by his consti- tuency ; and why should he now give up that judgment and discretion which they approved by their election of him, by refusing to act ac- cording to them on the present occasion ? He could not act in a manner so unworthy; he would not consent to be the mere delegate of the constituency who had elected him their re- presentative. He could not pretend to such acts of submission to the will of his constituents as that which had been performed by the hon. and learned member for Bathurst. If the con- stituency he represented had changed their opinions, he at least was consistent-he had not changed his ; and to refrain from expressing those opinions now-founded, as he believed they were, on truth and justice-would be, in his opinion, most unworthy and most improper. He had observed for a long time past that in the towns, and more particularly in Sydney, there was a strong current of feel- ing against the squatters. They were abused in every possible way, and they could not even pass along the streets without being pointed out and distinguished by the title of the large squatters. (Laughter.) It was common at the meetings in Sydney to hear it unblushingly stated, that the object of the squatters in sup- porting this system was to get cheap labour - in fact, that they wanted to get labour for nothing. Now nothing could be more con- trary to the truth than this. No doubt the squatters did want labour, but they were pre- pared to pay for that labour at a fair and rea- sonable rate ; and he could say that he was quite willing to pay for all the labour he em- ployed at the rate of 100 per cent, higher than labour of the same kind was paid in England. Men who could not earn above £9 in England he was prepared to give £18 to ; and this could not be colled wishing to have labour for nothing. They were willing to give the la- bourer a fair and remunerating rate of wages ; and all they asked for themselves was, to be paid fairly for their own outlay of capital, and a fair profit for their own industry and enterprise. He believed, therefore, that in this and many other respects the squatters were a slandered body. (Laughter.) And these misrepresen- tations concerning them were made by those who had their own peculiar interests to serve. He had been much surprised at the part which the Bishops and clergy had taken in this mat- ter; and it certainly was a singular fact, he believed he might say an unexampled fact, that on this subject, the clergy of all sects, without even one individual exception, were unanimous. They had joined in the clamour and agitation which had prevailed on this ques- tion ; they had spoken at public meetings ; many of them at the meeting in the Barrack- square, and in doing so, he thought they had acted in a very wrong and very improper way. He had the very highest respect for the clergy as a body, and thought they were entitled to every consideration while they performed their impor- tant duties ; but when they went on to hustings at public meetings, to harangue multitudes on exciting political topics, he could not but think that they went out of their spheres, and lost that dignity and self respect which it ought always to be their study to preserve. Nor could he see how the course they had taken in respect to this question was in accor- dance with their sacred profession. He had always imagined that it was the highest delight of the clergy to go forth as missionaries to reclaim the sinner, that they rejoiced when called on to give the instructions and consola- tions of religion to the heathen, or the ignorant and depraved. But when they were asked to receive and instruct these poor convicts, they rise up to proclaim against them, to deny them the chance of reformation and happiness which they might work out for themselves in this colony, and to shut them out from all chance of repentance and amendment. Again, he must say, that in the part the clergy had thus taken, they had stepped out of their sphere, and had forgotten that spirit which should teach them to receive the sinner, and give him consolation and instruction. This question was not a reli- gious question, it was a political question, and he was sorry that the clergy should so far have forgotten themselves as to mix them- selves up with it. The press also of the colony had for the most part declared against this system, but he could not see that they had brought much argument to bear upon it, or that this circumstance ought to be re- garded with much respect. The conductors of the press in the colony were not men of the same stamp as they were in England, and con- sequently the fourth estate did not exercise the same influence over the minds of individuals and society generally. Another circumstance connected with this question, and which had been alluded to by the hon. and learned mem- ber for Sydney, was of too much importance to be overlooked. It was that if they persisted in a refusal to receive these exiles, one of the principal arms of the colony would be cut off by the Imperial Government. There was no doubt that the district to the north, comprising Moreton Bay and the Clarence River, would be dismembered from the colony, and formed into a penal settlement. This circumstance he believed would be most disastrous to the interests of these colonies, and if it should take place, New South Wales must inevitably go down in the scale of colonies. If therefore these public meetings, this clamour and agitation should lead to this result, he believed it would not be long before the people would return to cooler reflections, and look with bitter regret on their imprudence and want of judgment. The hon. and rev. member for Sydney had stated that it was right to send convicts to uninhabited parts of the world, and proposed to transmit the exiles whom Lord Grey pro- posed to send to this colony, to the northern and north-western parts of Australia. He could see nothing like philanthropy in any such scheme as this. Remote from all traces of civilized man, unassociated with any free population, they would be compelled to look upon their future as a weary waste, without any redeeming feature to relieve it. They would be condemned to end their days of misery and torture under a broiling sun, without any hope of a return to social comfort and happiness. Such a proposition as this was not one to come from the lips of a Christian Minister. Let them, the members of the Legislature of the colony, adept principles more humane and philanthropic than these. Let them send these poor outcasts into their vast interior, among their sheep-walks and rural districts, with their wives and families, to settle in comfort and in peace. There they would be away from the scenes of their former vices, and none would be present to reproach them with former crimes. They would be associated with men of their own class ; they would see how those who had fallen years ago into similar errors had obliterated the remembrance of these errors by good conduct and industrious exer- tions. This was the way to receive these exiles-this was the way to reform them and make them honest and respectable men:-and this was the course which a wise and humane people would adopt, and which England had been endeavouring to force upon them. True it was that some colonies had declared that they would not have these exiles, and there were some men here who seemed to be of the same mind ; but, as had been ably argued by the hon. and learned member for Sydney, it was quite plain that have them they must, whether they liked them or not. How foolish was it, then, to resist this offer of the Colonial Minister to send them to them under a modified system, such as that proposed in the resolution of Mr. Ma- carthur. How much more politic-how much more humane-how much more Christian-like than to send them to the inhospitable shores of North Western Australia, to be grilled under a burning sun. They might as well send them to the Gold Coast as send them there. It was impossible in such a climate they could be worked as convicts without a wanton destruc- tion of life. He admitted that it was a reflec- tion on the Home Government that it had not in the first place followed out the recommenda- tions of the Transportation Committee's Re- port. The Minister had snatched eagerly at one portion of it and had rejected the other, and therefore had no doubt been guilty of a breach of confidence and good faith. If hon. members should decide to reject the present offer, the English Government would have no one but themselves to blame ; for the carrying out those resolutions would have been beyond all doubt the wisest policy for them, while it would have been incalculably beneficial to this colony. He repeated, if the resolu- tions of the hon. member (Mr. Lamb) should be carried, and the amendment of the honorable member for Camden be re- jected, it would be a disastrous thing for this colony, and her prosperity would cease. He would not say, as some honorable members who thought differently had said, that he would pack up his things and be off to Califor- nia. He was not quite so patriotic as all that. (Laughter.) But he did anticipate that the greatness of this colony would be at an end; and he believed that the result of this debate would be against him ; but if in the minority, still his conscience told him he ought to be in the majority (Cheers.) The best possible way of providing for the want of labour in the colony would be to adopt this plan, to receive these exiles, with their families, and a fair proportion of free emigrants, and then they would not be driven to the necessity, as other- wise they would assuredly be, of introducing a coloured and debased race of people to supply that want-which there were thousands of their own countrymen so anxious to fill up. (Cheers.) Mr. SUTTOR : In rising to address a few observations to the House upon this question, he should endeavour to profit by the advice which had been given them by the hon. and learned member for Sydney, and to refrain as far as possible from personalties of any descrip- tion. He need hardly say, he presumed, that he was opposed to the amendment of the hon. member for Camden. He liked not a recurrence to transportation in any form. It would have a blighting and a blasting effect upon the coun- try and upon its prosperity which no precaution could avert and no conditions relieve. (Hear, hear.) Whether they viewed the matter in a moral, in a political, or in a pecuniary point of view, a resumption of transportation would be equally injurious. The hon. member who last spoke had given them a list of the offences of which a particular set of men had been con- victed. Among them was one the name of which he (Mr. Suttor) would not repeat, but of all the offences of which mankind in their depraved state were guilty, it was the most horrible. And yet the hon. gentleman had not hesitated to mention it as a light offence -a crime of no importance. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry to find that any learned member of that House should think so little of this offence. (Hear.) Viewing the question in its moral aspect, he did not wish to assert that all convicts were bad, or that all immigrants were good. But suppose they had 3000 convicts landed amongst them, at the lowest possible calculation 500 out of those would be most incorrigible villains ; 2000 might turn out pretty good, and the remaining 500 would be of very indifferent character. (Hear, hear.) And now, as to the question of contamination. -Families of the first respectability had been pointed out as having been reared amidst conviction, without suffering contamination ; But these were not of the class who would be contaminated by the introduction of convicts, and to make use of such an illustra- tion was to evade the question at issue. It was the families of the poor, who would be compelled to have intercourse daily with the convict shepherd and the convict labourer who would suffer. (Hear, hear.) Families were sent to the stations in the interior, and it was the practice when single men were sent up to send them to board in the same hut with these families; and hon. members of this House, he doubted not, had sent some of these convicts, of whom he seemed to have such admiration, to lodge with the free families in his employ- ment, and to associate daily with the women and children of those families, as well as with the father. If the latter should refuse to submit to this degrading association, he would be brought up to the nearest Police Court, and would probably get three months in gaol for insolence and disobedience of orders. In the meantime his wife and family would be left to the tender care of one of these pets of the hon. member or to the mercy of the hon. gentleman himself. (Hear, hear, hear.) As far as the criminals themselves were concerned he admitted that the transportation system was most reformatory. But even this was a kind of lottery, depending in a great measure on the character and disposition of the master to whom the convicts were assigned. He had seen two establishments adjoining each other, and while from the one there were no men punished nor any deserted to the bush, one or more of the men upon the other were punished almost every week, and they went to the bush committing crimes of all descriptions until they ended their career at Norfolk Island or upon the gallows. (Hear, hear.) Such wits the result of the assignment system, and this system he hoped never to see again in force. But he would repeat that he was not only opposed to assignment but to transportation altogether. He was truly astonished at the course taken by his hon. friend the mem- ber for Camden, who must be particularly cognizant of all the facts bearing upon this question, and of the improved condition of the country since transportation had ceased. There had in that period been a total change. Families were now to be found residing at four hundred miles distance in the interior. What protection would those families have against the gangs of ruffians who would speedily be found ranging the country, if they fell back upon convictism ? (Hear, hear.) He had himself followed gangs of these ruffians, and he knew the nature of their movements. The reason why murders and nameless offences were not more common in these days was, that the country through which these men travelled and in which they carried on their operations, was inhabited by persons of their own class. (Hear, hear.) However reformatory the system of transportation might be, its reformatory nature would not justify them in letting loose the criminals of Great Britain amongst the free people of this or any other country. (Hear, hear, hear.) It was not part of their duty as Christian Legislators to sacrifice thousands of innocent children for the chance -for after all it was but a chance- of reforming these criminals. (Hear, hear.) The hon. Member for Camden had told them that he was a native of the country, and would not therefore do anything to degrade the land to which he owed his birth. He, too, was a native, and he had too much natural feeling in his breast-too much regard for his country's fair fame, to concur in a measure so degrading to that country, as would be a resumption of transportation. (Hear, hear. ) On the petitions before the House, in favour of this scheme, he was sorry to see the signa- tures of many of his countrymen. He had hoped that they would have been almost to a man opposed to it. But their support had been for the most part obtained by clap-trap arguments which had frightened them into an apparent though reluctant concurrence. It had been represented that unless the offers of the Ministry were seized at, Moreton Bay would be cut off, and Sydney would sink into the condition of a mere fishing village, at which a few coasters and traders would call now and then in their way to the new empire which would rise up in the north. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He admitted that Moreton Bay was an important place, and that in all probability it would ultimately attain a high position. But this was a work of time. Sixty years hence Brisbane might become what Sydney now was. But what would Sydney be then ? It would be the London of the southern hemisphere. (Hear, hear, hear.) He did not believe that Moreton Bay would be cut off. "'A colony might be erected in the North, for penal purposes, but its position would probably be so far northward as to secure the other colonies of Australia from the ill effects arising from a close vicinage to such an establishment. They had only a hint from Lord John Russell as to the probability of erecting Moreton Bay into a distinct colony, and this proved nothing. They were told that there was a pledge from the Minister to send out three emigrants for every convict, if the colony would consent to receive the latter. No such pledge had ever been given. What the Minister said was -that if the colonists would consent to receive the convicts, Parliament should be applied to for the emigrants. Their past experience as to Parliamentary grants must be sufficient to warn them against trusting to such a chance as this. They would receive the convicts, no doubt, but they would get none of the emigrants which were promised them. (Hear, hear.) This, however, was not the consideration which influenced him. He would never vote for a renewal of transportation to Austra- lia, let the advantages which accompanied it be what they might. He would never consent to join in an application for the degradation of the country, and what could be more de- grading than to apply for a renewal of con- victism? How would they ever again be able to maintain the position of a colony? They would in fact maintain no such position, but would be branded again as a penal settlement. If they were once so degraded, then, and not till then, Moreton Bay might take he lead. Immigration would flow there, for free people would not come to a degraded colony. (Hear, hear. ) The honorable member for Murray had read them an extract from the Times. He would say with that gentleman that the comments made in that article were wholly unfounded and unjust, but if this was the estimate in which, even under present circumstances, they were held, how much more slightingly would they be spoken of if they were again to degrade them- selves to the position of a penal settlement ? Many of those who signed the petition for a resumption of transportation, had been frightened into so doing by the argument that the colony would come to nothing, that the separation of Moreton Bay and of Port Phillip would have them without a land fund. This was all mere clap trap; if these districts should possess a large land fund New South Wales Proper would benefit by it. They would then import labour for this colony which had imported much for them. It had been said Melbourne had not had its fair share of emigrants landed from vessels direct from England to that port, and he believed that the complaint was well founded. No credit, however, was given to this colony for the large quantity of labour which Melbourne had drawn from it overland, and many thousands had been spent for pro- viding Melbourne in this way with labour. (Hear, hear. ) When the tide of emigration first set in upon these shores there was a strong feeling of opposition to it on the part of what was termed the old hands, but finding they could not stem the torrent they took themselves off to Adelaide. Of the first settlers at that place, three out of four were persons of this kind. If the Port Phillip members were selfishly disposed to study their own exclusive interest and the exclusive interests of their constituents they would not have been present on that occasion. A gentleman of his acquaintance had drawn his attention to this fact most impressively; if Port Phillip, he had said, was to look at its own interest in this matter it would allow the people of New South Wales to cut their own throats without seeking to prevent it. It would let New South Wales have transportation in order that it might, as a natural consequence, receive all the tree labour which New South Wales possessed. (Hear, hear. ) If they did receive transporta- tion the number of those good characters for whose importation the honorable member for Camden was so eager, would fall far short of the demand for labour. There were 10,000 employers in the colony, and all the convicts they could expect to get would not be in a greater rate than a single man to every five or six employers. (Hear, hear.) He would ask these gentlemen whether they were prepared to throw overboard all sound moral, and poli- tical consideration for a mere question of pounds shillings and pence ? And if so, then he must tell them that they would in all probability wholly fail in their object if they should be unfortunate enough to carry this point. Instead of benefitting employers by providing thom with a supply of labour, he sinceredly believed that it would be most destructive of their interest. They had seen in former years the effect of importing a greater quantity of emigrant labor than could be readily absorbed. There was an immediate and extensive re-emigration, and many thou- sands from the colonial land fund were thus cast away. If convict labour was imported, the free labour would be driven to seek employment in the Melbourne and Adelaide markets. There was a road overland, as plain as the road between Sydney and Parramatta. They were stations too, all the way, so that labourers might travel this road without incurring a farthing of expense (Hear. ) When he was last upon this road, he met a whole caravan of persons on their way to the south, in search of higher wages, and when he left home, although he gave as liberal wages as any one, he left twenty-seven persons fitting out for a journey of the same description. There could be no doubt that the feeling among the labouring classes against the resumption of transportation was so strong, that in the event of such a step being taken, it would produce a sort of panic among them and they would at once seek employment wherever employment was to be found. (Hear, hear ) Many of them would, in so doing, be actuated by the highest motives and feelings, but even if they were induced to do this from mere pecuniary considerations, the effect would be the same. He did not believe, however, that in a pecu- niary point of view the labourers would suffer, and he had expressed this opinion to all with whom he had conversed upon the subject. Wages would rise the moment that convicts came there, for it could not be supposed that working men would stop here and have the bread taken out of their mouths by convict labour. They would, therefore, leave the colony in such numbers that labour would become scarce, and those who remained would be able to command a higher scale of payment for their exertions. It had been said by the hon. member for Northumberland that the native youth would not betake themselves to the bush as shepherds, in fact, that they would not labour. The reason of this was, that labour in all slave countries was looked upon as de- grading; and this had been much in the same position as a slave country. (Hear, hear.) He had had the management both of convicts and of free persons, and he was able to state from his experience that free people would not do the kind of work upon which convicts were ordinarily employed. Until lately it was almost impossible to induce free men to labour upon the roads. He would relate an anecdote in illustration of this fact. A few years after the first introduction of free labour into the colony an immigrant employed upon one of the stations was ordered to clean out the pig- sty; this he flatly refused to do-it was not, he said fit work for a free man, and must be given to one of the convicts upon the station. This man was accordingly brought before the Bench, and the magistrate sustained his objection, deciding that to a convict alone labour of this kind should be given. He could say even from a recollec- tion of his own feelings in former times that labour was regarded as disgraceful. When a boy he had occasionally taken a spade and amused himself in the garden, and if a gentle- man happened to pass by he quickly dropped the spade and went to the other side of the place. Labour at that time was esteemed so degrading that he was ashamed to be caught in the culti- vation even of a flower. (Hear, hear. ) If they looked to the condition of the colony before the cessation of transportation, and to its progress since that event, they would see that its increase in prosperity had been much more rapid during the latter period. The increase of stock, as shown by the official returns, would place this beyond a doubt. The Banks too were in a more prosperous state. There was now but little bad paper in circulation, if any. He had been told by a gentleman connected with one of the banks, that it was a rare thing at the present time to see a dishonored bill, during the operation of the assignment system it was a rare thing to see a bill paid at maturity. (Hear, hear, and laughter. ) The honorable and learned member for Bathurst had given them a reason why Van Diemen's Land had so rapidly de- clined in prosperity. This reason was that the market which New South Wales had for- merly provided for their grain was no longer open to them. But what was the obvious conclusion to be drawn from this ? While tran- sportation to New South Wales continued, the latter colony had been dependant upon Van Diemen's Land for its wheat, but since trans- portation had ceased, they had grown sufficient grain for their own consumption. By free labour, they had produced sufficient grain to drive the convict-grown wheat of Van Diemen's Land out of the market (Hear. ) He defied hon. members to controvert the fact. In every point of comparison the country would be found to have prospered since transportation had ceased to a far greater extent than before such cessation. At that time the amount of goods imported far exceeded those which were exported, but from the day that convicts ceased to be sent to the colony, the exports be- gan to overtake the imports, and at length they had far surpassed them in value. (Hear. ) To glance at the metropolitan city would serve to convince the most sceptical that the colony was fast rising into wealth and importance. Since the brand of convictism had been removed, noble buildings were springing up in all direc- tions, wealth was increasing, commercial enter- prise had been carried on with additional vigour, and the promise of continued prosperity everywhere met their view. They had been told that it was their duty to receive and re- form these people. But he denied this. It was not their place to step forward for the reforma- tion of English criminals. They had enough to do to reform their own-most of their own criminals, however, even under present circum- stances, had been British criminals. Nine- tenths of the crimes which were committed throughout the country were committed by persons who had served a term of punishment either in this country or in one of the neigh- bouring colonies. (Hear, hear.) Although the proportion of those who had been priso- ners was very small in proportion to the num- ber of those who were native born or had come to the country as free men, the former occupied to a far greater extent the attention of the Courts. All the statistics of course went to show this. In a part of the country with which he was best acquainted, there were at the recent assizes twenty-four persons for trial, of these two were born in the colony, five came free to the colony, and the remaining seventeen were free by ser- vitude. But of the five who were stated to have come free to the colony it was subsequently ascertained that two were Van Diemen's Land expirees, and of those criminals who were represented as immigrants many were persons of this class. In the list referrred to also, as in most other lists of the same nature, there was a marked difference between the nature of the crimes committed by the native born and by those who had been convicts. Of the two former one was fined forty shillings for rescuing ten working bullocks on their way to the pound, and the other was fined ten shillings for an assault. Far different was the position of the seventeen who had already undergone punishment for former crimes. One of them was charged with murder, and of the others a greater part were accused of most atrocious crimes. (Hear, hear.) This was a fair sample. At the present time the extent of crime among the native born was nothing in comparison to its extent among those who were free by servitude. (Hear, hear ) One argument had been raised, and appeared to have been much relied upon- not only in the house, but throughout the country:-it was, that they were to be deluged with crime fiom penal settlements in the north and in the south, if they refused to meet with an assent the proposals of Earl Grey. Such an argument was monstrous. It was a matter of surprise that any man of common sense should listen to it for a moment, much less that he should make use of it. But as a distinct proposition it amounted to this. That because there was a small stream of convictism which they found it difficult to check, they had better at once call for a flood of criminals from England. (Hear, hear. ) They might as well call for the introduction of the small pox or the plague, because there was some disease in existence here which they could not check. They might as well say "the small pox is in Van Diemen's Land, we shall probably have it amongst us next year, let us therefore send for a few patients and have it at once." (Hear, hear, and laugh- ter. ) There had been a good deal of argument both in the House and out of doors as to the home Government having broken faith with them. That is to say that faith had been broken with men in the same position as they (the members) themselves. But it they were to consent to receive these convicts they would be breaking faith with thousands. Pamphlets had been sent for circulation in England and Ireland, wherein it was stated that ample em- ployment at a certain rate of wages could be pro- cured in New South Wales, and that convicts were never to be sent there to compete with the labour of the free men.(Hear, hear. ) Should they then be a party with Earl Grey in the breaking of pledges thus distinctly given. It would be a gross breach of faith to the labourers who had been by those means induced to seek a home in Australia if con- victs were to be introduced, not merely to compete with them, but to drive them out of the field. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Northumberland had said that the employers derived their daily bread from these convicts, and that by spurning this boon, as it was termed, they cast their bread from them. He believed that the bread of that hon. gentleman was buttered on both sides. (Laughter.) If the hon. gentleman had taken the opposite side of the question, he might have used the same argument with far greater force. He might have shown that by introducing convicts, they would introduce an element to compete with thousands for their daily bread. (Hear. ) He was willing to admit, that many persons who had been sent to the colony as criminals in times gone by, had risen to the highest respectability. Many of those whom he was proud to call his friends were sons and daughters of persons of this class. It would be useless to deny however that in former years there was a jealousy between the children of the two classes. All feelings of this kind were now happily forgotten. But if convicts were again introduced it would not be one of the smallest evils attendant upon their introduction that all these bitter feelings would be revived. It was most painful to him to make these remarks. He would rather have refrained from them. But they were facts bearing upon the question at issue and as such he was bound to mention them. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member from the Crow's Nest had dwelt much upon the com- parative merits of the immigrant and convict classes. He would admit that there were many very excellent men among those who came to the country as prisoners of the crown. He would go even further, and would admit that some of the best men he had in his own employment were men who had served their time with him. This, however, was not the question. Men of this class were the exceptions, and the excep- tion only proved the rule more conclusively. They must not lose sight of the alteration which had been made in the criminal law of England. Thousands of persons who com- mitted such petty offences as would now only be punished by six weeks imprisonment, had been formerly transported to the colony. A great many had been sent to them from Ire- land during times of political excitement, for matters which would scarcely be taken any notice of in the present day. Hundreds, he be- lieved, were then sent who had never been tried at all. He know some who had been sent from Tipperary for looking on while their own build- ings were burnt in order that they might not be taken possession of by troops without any compensation being afforded them. He admitted that these things were wrong, but he never could regard the class who were transported for offences of this nature in the same light as those who were convicted of theft and crimes of a still worse nature. (Hear, hear. ) It was the latter class only that they would have to receive if transportation was now to be renewed. Men who were formerly transported for seven or fourteen years were not now sent out of the country at all; it was only the worst characters, men who have for the most part been doubly and trebly convicted at home, that would be sent among them. The class which they would now receive would be the same as the very worst class of men they formerly received. (Hear, hear. ) Among such men as these, therefore, there was not likely to be so much reformation as among the convicts received in former times. (Hear, hear. ) It had been said that immigrants would be received with the convicts; he did not, however, believe this. He could not believe that the British Government would deal with its people as with bales of mer- chandise, exporting them to a distant land to herd with convicts, in order to get rid of the latter. Under such a system the emigrants would be literally so'd. It would be one of the most disgraceful trans- actions ever attempted (Hear, hear. ) Allu- sion had been made to the petitions presented against this proposal. They had boen told that those petitions were signed by a great many children, and one child of thirteen months old had, one honorable member told them, affixed his signature. These children must certainly have had an early education. (Laughter. ) He would be willing however, to take off the names of these children, and the extent of po- pular feeling upon this measure would not be the less plain. But what might be said with respect to the movements on the other side. There was a particular case to which he would allude fearlessly indeed, but with pain. In the town of Parramatta the first person who moved in this question was the Police Magistrate. The influence of this officer and that of the force under his command, was therefore brought into play in favour of a resumption of transportation. (Hear, hear.) He admitted that among the signatures to the pro-transpor- tationist petitions might be found those of many of the most respectable persons in the colony, but, at the same time there were among those petitioners some of the greatest villains in the colony. He could take from those lists the names of persons who had been eight or nine times in ironed gangs. (Hear, hear.) Men, such as these, could not be expected to say no, if so great a personage as a chief constable asked them to sign anything. They would naturally expect, as the consequence of such a refusal, to be popped into the watch-house on the first opportunity that offered. He had been told, the other day, that the petitions which came from his own district in favour of a resumption of transportation, although they would have the fewest signatures, would be signed by all those gentlemen who possessed the greatest influence His answer was, that time would show that. Those gentlemen who had the greatest influence might be expected to obtain the largest number of sig- natures to the petition which they were con- cerned in getting up. But what was the fact? The pro-transportationists had not been able to get one signature in favour of their views to sixty which had been obtained against them. (Hear, hear. ) Every influence had been brought to bear in order to obtain these signatures, but he knew many cases where there had been a most honourable resistance of these influences. He had known tenants who had resisted the applications of their landlords, and who had nobly replied to the solicitations of the latter, that, having made this country their home, they would do nothing to degrade it. (Hear, hear. ) It was highly improper for a police magistrate to interfere in political matters of any description. His influence in any district must be very great-more so, indeed, than that of any other magistrate, but this influence should not be exercised for poli- tical or party purposes. Among publicans in particular the influence of the Police as well as that of the Magistracy was paramount, and many of this class had doubtless been pre- vailed upon to sign the pro-transportationist petition without being really favourable to the cause of the petitioners. One publican had told him that five magistrates came to him with a petition of this kind, and that being a father of a family he attached his signature, although in reality opposed to transportation, fearing that if he had refused to do so his license might upon some pretence have been placed in jeopardy. (Hear, hear. ) Allusion had been made by the hon. and learned member for Sydney to a case where the son of a pro-trans- portationist had been induced to sign an anti- transportation petition. But he knew of cases where boys had stood out against their fathers when the latter wanted them to sign a petition for the renewal of convictism. A youth of sixteen had declared to his father that he would sign no petition to degrade the country of his birth. (Hear, hear. ) It was possible then that the youths alluded to by the honorable and learned member might have acted upon their own convictions. The hon. and reverend member for Sydney had dwelt much upon the argument that the home Government had no right to force convicts upon them. He (Mr. S.) however was not one ot those who accused the home Government of any such design. He did complain, however, that honorable mrmbors of that House and many persons out of doors would force con- victs upon the colony. (Hear, hear.) He had been taunted both in the House and out of the House within the last few days with en- tertaining views opposed to the true and sub- stantial interests of the country. He had been told that if he and those who voted with him succeeded in getting the proposals of Earl Grey rejected, they would be expected to come down with some splendid system of emigration to provide the country with labour. He de- nied that the reception of convicts would effect any saving to the country. But even assuming that there was such a saving, this would not justify their introduction. He would remind those who looked upon the proposal in a mere economical point of view, that no consideration of this nature would justify them in degrading the country with criminals. If for such a purpose the country was to be overrun with people of this class -if murder and rapine was to be introduced,-if crime and contamination was to be spread throughout the land,-if thousands of children were to be morally ruined, then, he would say, the blood of all these innocent victims would be upon the heads of those who would hazard consequences such as these for the mere chance of gain. (Hear, hear. ) He did not believe that there was any likelihood that Moreton Bay would be separated from New South Wales Proper. A penal colony might, indeed, be founded in the north, but it would be so far north that they would be free from the evils of its vicinage. He could not help saying, however, that the importance of Moreton Bay had been greatly overrated. It would never become a wheat growing district, and its climate was such that European labourers would not remain there if they could procure suitable employment in the more temperate districts of the colony. He had known cases where men had gone from Bathurst to Moreton Bay, partly from a desire of change, and partly attracted by the higher wages at the latter place, but not liking the climate these men had returned and had refused to go to the north again, notwithstand- ing the greater amount of money which they could have earned in that quarter. He had known a gentleman who on going to Moreton Bay took his men with him ; these latter, who had hitherto received but £18 per annum, received in the north £25, but even for this they would not stop there, and offers to give them still higher wages had been made to them in vain. Even therefore if this district should be cut off for the purpose of erecting it into a separate colony to which convicts might be sent, the natural consequence of such a step would be, that the free people would all make their way to the southward. (Hear, hear.) He would ask the squatters at Moreton Bay to consider well whether they could carry on their operations with convicts alone, before asking to receive them. The outrages of former times had made comparatively little impression, for murder, violence, and rapine were then but little thought of. They spoke of their Donoghues, their Walmsleys, and their Watsons, with comparative indifference. A man was shot here, and a man was shot there, but the occurrence was soon forgotten. (Hear, hear.) It had been said by some that there would be no such contamination as had been spoken of. But this was wholly contrary to past experience. Besides the ordinary influences of example, a great many of these people took an active delight in corrupting the minds of young children. Hon. members must know this to be the fact. Even on his own establishment he had detected these men in the very act of teaching young children the most horrible expressions. (Hear, hear.) It was well for them whose families were placed beyond the reach of these influences to talk of the possi- bility of bringing up children respectably amidst a convict population. They had need only to carry the argument a little further to show its utter absurdity. It would not be very different were they to say, that the young princes and princesses of the reigning family would not be corrupted, even if convicts were retained in the penitentiaries of England. Convicts would be sent into the interior, where the free man and his family had no protection. (Hear, hear, hear.) He did not speak of immigrants alone. Most of those who had obtained their freedom by servitude and had become fathers of families were quite as warmly opposed to a resumption of transportation as any of the immigrants. To those of this class with whom he had spoken upon the subject, the answer was, " God forbid that my children should ever see what I have seen." (Hear, hear.) If they were to look upon human beings as merely so much merchandize,-if they were to deal with the question as one of merely a pecuniary nature,-if they were to consult no other interests than those of their own pockets, well and good. In that case, they might begin to balance the profit and loss of convictism. But if the higher considerations which sur- round this question were of any account, then there must be an end at once to the cry for convictism. He would only ask hon. members to make the probable fate of the poor man their own. To suppose that with convictism there would be a continued perpetration of those nameless offences with which it had ever been accompanied, and which its dregs and its former influences had rendered even now too frequent. Let any man then suppose that one of his children had become the victim of one of these men, and he would understand the horror with which poor parents regarded convictism. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry to say, however, that there were some among them who thought of little else than their own pockets. He believed and hoped that those who did so were however few in number. He most sincerely believed that were they to consent to a renewal of transportation in any form, so far from having a tendency to fill their pockets it would have a direct ten- dency to the emptying of them. (Hear, hear.) He was free to admit that there was an un- limited field open for the employment of labour in the Australian Colonies. If any persons were out of employment it was only because they were not inclined to take employment at the rate of wages offered, having expected to obtain more. And these expectations were in a great measure from a knowledge that higher wages were obtainable at Adelaide and elsewhere, so that by removing to these places they could obtain a better price for their exertions , and it was natural that they should entertain this feeling. If a squatter had a herd of fat bullocks to sell it was not reasonable to expect that he would bring them into the Sydney market if he could obtain higher prices in Melbourne, it was the same with the labourer-his labour was the commodity in which he dealt, and he had a right to carry it to where he could obtain the best price for it. Labour had justly been compared to water. If they attempted to force labour at certain prices before the surrounding districts where higher wages were given were supplied, it would be found a somewhat similar operation to pouring water into a vessel with holes in it; it would flow out at the sides as fast as it was poured in. (Hear.) He hoped the House would not listen to any amendment to Mr. Lamb's motion, or at all events that they would listen to no amendment that did not embrace the spirit of that motion in its entirety. He had been much pleased on the previous day in reading a set of resolutions which had been placed on the paper by the honorable member for Camden. When he saw these he believed that the honorable gentleman had come round to the same way of thinking as himself, and he was the more gratified at this because he knew that a short time since, the views of that gentleman were very different. (Hear, hear.) But if he was astounded in see- ing these first propositions upon the paper he was equally astonished when he found that the honorable member for Camden had again changed his mind. First, the honorable mem- ber exclaimed that there should be no convicts upon any condition whatever, and then he turned round and said that they would have convicts upon certain conditions which he then named. Mr. J. MACARTHUR: No Mr. SUTTOR: If so he could not under- stand the amendment of the honorable member. Perhaps the hon. member for Camden had once changed his mind, or perhaps he did not recollect the effect of the amendments he had proposed (Hear, hear, and laughter .) As he (Mr. Suttor) understood the amendment it ex- pressed a willingness to receive convicts if cer- tain conditions were complied with. He hoped however, that the honorable gcntleman had changed his mind, and that on this occasion he would adhere to the opinion he had formed. (Hear, hear. ) The hon. members for Sydney and for Cook and Westmoreland had taunted other members of the House with inconsistency. He was glad to say for himself, that however inconsistent he might have been upon other points, he had been always consistent upon this. When transportation to this colony ceased he was delighted. He honoured the noble exer- tions of the hon. member for Camden, and was proud to claim such a man as his countryman. To the patriotism and energy of that gentleman was to be attributed in a great measure the removal of the curse of transportation from this land. He had instilled into the minds of his children a deep sense of the obligation under which they, in common with all Australians, lay towards Mr. James Macarthur, beyond any other man in the country. (Hear, hear.) He was sorry to find, however, that this gentleman had now changed his mind, and was anxious to cast them back again into the mud from which he had helped to drag them. (Hear, hear, hear. ) Such a proceeding reminded him of the conduct of a man, who, having been let out of a gaol, found the possession of liberty, and the society of free people so uncomfortable, as to desire to be placed again in confinement. It would appear that the first glare of freedom was too much for their eyes, and that they wish to be again enslvaed. (Hear, hear.) If they were to do this thing, what would be said at home? It would be said, that although the country had been most prosperous in a state of freedom, the people were so demoralised, that they actually petitioned the home Government to be again enslaved. (Hear.) He looked upon the amendment of the hon. member for Camden, as upon the lock of a door. The door was at present shut against convictism. But once opened-and transportation with all its attendant evils must pour in upon them. (Hear, hear.) It was in vain to contend, as the hon. member for Camden did, that the class of convicts would be defined and their numbers limited. He did not believe that there would be any such limitation. Those with whom the matter would rest were, in this respect, persons of such easy virtue that they would not hestitate to overstep any limits which might be fixed for them here. Convicts were at present locked, and but once open the door for them,-once let the home Government assume that a value was set upon this descrip- tion of labour, and there would be no hesitation to take advantage of the assumption in every pos- sible way. To pass such an amendment as the one alluded to, would be to say "we are free and we will not resign our freedom, that is un- less you pay us for it. (Hear, hear.) He trusted that they would not in this way set a value upon their liberty. He did not believe that any other measure than this would have induced him to attend on that occasion. But with such a question at issue, nothing would have induced him to be absent. (Hear, hear.) He came there to do his duty by raising his voice and recording his vote against the en- slavement of his country. He could do no more. If, after all, the pro-transportationists should carry their point, he should not feel that he was degraded, but he should feel that his country was degraded. But he trusted that the conclusion would be a very different one. If they decided that great and important question in the way in which he hoped to see it decided, that day would be held dear in the memory of every colonist. (Hear, hear.) He denied the accu- racy of the hon. member for Northumberland's assumption as to the state of feeling upon this question throughout the country. If the country was polled from one end to the other, there would not be 1 in favour of transporta- tion to 200 against it. It was not true that the petitions against transportation came wholly from the labouring classes; he had known of cases where the signatures of the labouring classes had actually been excluded. One of those who was engaged in getting signatures to a petition of this nature, asked him whether it would be well to send it among his (Mr. Suttor's) stations for the signatures of such men employed upon those stations as might be disposed to attach their names to it. His reply was, that he did not think it necessary. It might fairly, he thought, be assumed that the working men would be opposed to the introduction of convicts to compete with them in their labour, without requiring them to petition upon this point. (Hear, hear. ) He would vote against any amendment which did not include the whole principle of the motion made by his hon. fnend the member from Miller's Point. He should, however, be willing to accede to any proposition- if such a one could be made- which would have the effect of strengthening the proposition, and enforcing the principle. (Cheers.) Mr. BOWMAN moved, at five minutes past 10, an adjournment of the debate until Mon- day. Upon this proposition the House di- vided and it was carried by a majority of 13 to 12. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30. TRANSPORTATION DEBATE. Mr. MURRAY wished to ask the Colonial Secretary a question. It was reported both in the House and out of it, that the Govern- ment had received positive information that in the event of the colony refusing to receive convicts in any form, it was intended to found a penal colony on our northern boundaries, either at Moreton Bay or Port Curtis, to which convicts will be sent from the United Kingdom. The COLONIAL SECRETARY: The Government was in possession of no positive information on the subject, but he could not doubt from certain indications in speeches made in Parliament, and from a provision in the Australian Bill, that the exigencies of England would render necessary the formation of a penal colony, but where it would be established he was unable to say, and had no information. Mr. DONALDSON suggested, that it would be convenient if it was arranged that the divi- sion should be postponed until Tuesday. The debate could be concluded to-night, but honor- able members would not then be detained until a late hour. Mr. LAMB would consent to no such proposal. If the House would consent, he would stop until four o'clock in the morning sooner than not finish without further adjournment. Mr. SPEAKER called on Mr. BOWMAN to resume the debate on Mr. Lamb's resolutions against the renewal of transportation. Mr. BOWMAN: Having moved the ad- journment of the debate on Saturday evening, the duty now devolved upon him to re-open the discussion, and he could only regret the duty had not fallen into more competent hands. But the subject before them was one of such mighty importance that he could not consis- tently with his duty to his constituents, the colony, and himself, give a silent vote upon it. After having given the subject the most ma- ture consideration, let it be renewed in what shape it might, could be of the slightest advantage to this colony in any way. On the contrary he thought that while it would be found im- possible to renew it amongst us, that even if it were possible, it would be ruinous to every interest of this colony. (Hear, hear.) He could assure the House that he had given the subject the deepest attention, during the whole of the discussions which at various times had taken place upon it. The subject had been now four years before the House, and about two or three years ago it was debated by the House, on the motion of Mr. Cowper, and the House having decided to reject it, it was thought that the question was set at rest for ever. It had however been renewed, and somee overtures were made by the Secretary of State to receive exiles, and the House consented to receive them under conditions, but these conditions not having been complied with, the Council absolutely refused to receive them, and peti- tioned Her Majesty to revoke the order in Council, making New South Wales a penal settlement. He would now make some re- marks on the way in which this matter was brought forward in the year 1846, by the hon. and learned member for Sydney. That gentleman moved for a Select Committee to consider Mr. Gladstone's despatch to Sir Charles Fitz Roy, and he found that two mem- bers of that committee, one of them no more, and one of them at present an hon. member of that House, moved and seconded a resolution in which it was stated that it was unnecessary to take evidence as to whether a modified and carefully regulated introduction of convict labourers, or a renewal of transportation, would be in accordance with the general sense of the colonists or not. He looked upon this course as one which was exceedingly injudicious-as on a grave question like this it was desirable that evidence should have been taken, and the enquiry made in the most searching manner. The Report was brought up on the last day of the session, but the honorable and learned member did not move its adoption, and from all he could understand, had he done so the motion would certainly not have passed the House. But although the Report was not adopted by the Council, it certainly was smug- gled home in some manner or other, as an official document, and as the adopted Report of the Legislative Council. There was no doubt the Report thus sent home had con- siderable effect on the mind of the minister, and from the seal with which it was circulated, on the county at large. The sentiments expressed in it were believed to be the senti- ments of the Council and the colonists, whilst in reality the sentiments of the colonists at large and of a majority in the Council were exactly the reverse. The Council and the country, therefore, were mis- represented by this report, and to make the matter worse, the petitions which had been sent in against the renewal of transportation, were not allowed to be printed, and although they were sent home by His Excellency the Governor, they were sent in their rude state, and, of course, were looked upon only as so many dirty rags. The report was circulated, the petitions were rejected. The honorable and learned member stated in his speech at the commencement of that debate, that since that report was brought up, public opinion had changed, or that it had arrived at the conclu- sion it had not reached at a very late period. It might be that that conclusion was arrived at after mature and deliberate conviction, but he could not assent to the remark that public opinion had ever changed on this subject. It was owing to information which reached this colony that certain parties in England were circulating this report and endeavouring to get its recommendations carried out, that Mr. Cowper brought forward his motion rejecting the principles and recommendations of the report altogether. This mo- tion was carried and embodied in an address and sent home to Her Majesty, and thus the question was thought to be at rest. When they went to their constituencies they almost sll of them pledged themselves to resist any renewal of transportation, and he must say that many hon. gentlemen there did appear to have changed their opinions or were ashamed of them. He (Mr. Bowman) was surprised that the matter should, under these circum- stances, have been again brought forward, but it appeared from a despatch from the Secretary of State, Lord Grey wished again to have the deliberate opinion of the Council and the colony on this subject. Although he voted against it, he did not now regret the adjourn- ment of this debate for a month from the day when the hon. member (Mr. Lamb) brought foward his resolutions. It had called forth an expression of the opinions of all parties on this great subject, and it had shown not only in numbers, but in intelligence and respectability, a vast majority were opposed to transportation in any shape. In the course of one month, he found that petitions from 36,000 people against this exile system had been presented to the council, and these signatures had been collected without any more agitation than the importance of the subject naturally aroused. He thought, therefore, that it was matter of congratulation that time should have been given for so strong a manifestation of public opinion. In the early days of the colony, he had no doubt that the establishment of the transportation and assign- ment system was attended with the most bene- ficial results. No system could have worked out more successfully the double effect it was intended to have, of both punishing and re- forming the convict. But every thinking man must now see that this colony has grown out of that system, and that it never could be restored. It had been said by the hon. and learned member for Sydney, that great pecu- niary advantages would arise from this system. He (Mr. Bowman) believed the advantages to be ideal, even in that respect; but he looked upon it as a system which would injure the prosperity and prospects of the colony, which for years past had been so favourably progress- ing. It had been said that the largest number of immigrants which it was proposed to intro- duce under this exile system would be three thousand annually, and if even the whole of these were honest and industrious, they would be but as a drop in the bucket to the wants of the labour market; but small as the humber was, or even if it was much smaller, it would be sufficient to deter thousands of free and virtuous emigrants from coming to these shores if they could find any other asylum. It had been argued that they as Christians had no right to refuse to receive their unfortunate countrymen, but that they should welcome them and try to reform them. He was afraid this would be but a false phi- lanthropy, for they never would be able to reform these criminals half so much as they would be able to corrupt the colonists, espe- cially the rising generation of colonists. On this class the effects of the system in former times had been most heart rending, the minds of young children were so polluted that they never regained their purity. They had been further told by those who were so anxious to have this system revived, and he supposed it was with the intention of intimidating them into their viows, that if they refused to receive these convicts they would have an important part of their territories severed from them. He did not believe her Majesty's Government could be guilty of any act so unjust, and which would so materially affect the position of this young colony. When they contemplated the past history of the colony, it was most gratifying to mark the progress which of late had been observable in the fruits of industry and the decrease of clime, and both these effects must be attributed to the cessation of transportation. Looking at the struggles the colony had successfully passed through, he could not for one moment doubt that they would soon get over the difficulty which now beset the labour market without having re- course to exiles, and he knew among the large graziers there had been a difficulty in pro- curing labour, but if they had these criminals, let them come under what name they might, and they should happen to be sent into the bush, they would soon become marauders and bushrangers, and create confusion and fear wherever they were dispersod. It had been remarked by several honorable members, and more particularly by the honorable mem- ber for Cook and Westmoreland, that the whole of the clergy of all denominations had united to oppose the system, and the honorable member seemed to be very angry at the course they had taken. He (Mr. Bowman) thought it was matter of congratulation that they should be encouraged in this work by the body who were most competent to inform them what would be most conducive to their moral welfare, and he thought that the clergy de- served the heartfelt thanks of the colonists for their co-operation with them on this occasion. The honourable mem- ber had also remarked on the petitions and the manner in which they had been got up ; and stated that they contained the signatures of persons of minor age and of the lower classes. It was true that there might be some signatures of this description, but he believed, in general, the signatures were not those of the middle and lower classes, but of the middle and higher classes. They were signed by the fathers of families, and they were the people most inte- rested in the settlement of the question, He could at all events speak for his own district, and he was sure that the whole of the petitions from there were most respectably signed. There was no agitation on the subject at all. The petition was printed in the local paper, and left at the office for signature, and the 130 names attached to it were all of the respect- able class. In fact, he almost took blame to himself that he did not agitate a little, as he could easily have procured three times the num- ber of signatures ; but he thought it would be, perhaps, the more prudent course to let the people voluntarily express their opinions on the subject. He believed most of the petitions were got up in the same way. He was confi- dent, from the shortness of the time in which the signatures were procured, that they were got up as petitions had never been got up before in that colony. In reference to these petitions, it was to be remembered also that the pro- transportationists were men of wealth, intelligence, and influence, and there could be no doubt that if they could have shown any advantages which were likely to arise from the system, they would undoubtedly have been able to get many signatures. There were evils attaching to this system if it could be carried out, both in respect to the settled and the unsettled districts. In the former, the inhabitants were shepherds and small farmers, living in lonely huts with their wives and fa- milies ; they were necessarily absent from their homes nearly the whole of the day, and thus the helpless women and children would be ex- posed to the violence of these men, fresh from the hotbeds of vice and infamy. Again, no one could look back on the past, without remem- bering how the helpless aborigines had disap- peared before these men. The hon. member for Northumberland, who seconded the motion on the Transportation Committee that no evi- dence should be taken as to the feelings of the people with regard to the re- newal of transportation, would remember that in his neighbourhood a few years ago a scene occurred in which many of these poor creatures were destroyed, and he was at a loss to find language to depict the great danger to which the colony would be exposed as a moral com- munity, if they should decide to revive this system. It was quite evident that as they were at present, they were a prosperous and thriving community, with a large proportion of free population, continually increasing from the accessions to it of native youth. If they were to introduce then, a large number of vi- cious men, or men who indulged in vicious habits, the inevitable consequence must be that the free population, whether native or trans- ported, must become demoralized. They ought therefore, to resist this attempt with all the energy in their power, and he was sure Her Majesty would not punish such a laudable re- solution, by any dismemberment of the colony. If they wanted to see the effects of this system, they had only to turn their eyes to Van Diemen's Land, where, from the presence of a large military force they were much better able to coerce their criminals than they in New South Wales could possibly be. In that co- lony, they had a large amount of British capi- tal spent in keeping up this system ; they had a fine climate and a fertile soil ; yet, with all theso advantages, inundated as it was by convict labour, Van Diemen's Land was in a most wretched state. But it was said that the exiles who were to be sent here were of a better class than those who have been and were expiating their crimes in the sister colony, and who would be certain, whether we had convicts or no direct, wouid be sure to force themselves here. But if they had to meet this calamity, let them at all events meet it in the best way they could, and not add to it by adding to the evil; by inviting, in addition to those criminals they got from the neighbouring colonies, a large number of them direct from the mother country. He could not help observing with regret the change which had taken place with regard to this subject in the opinions of the hon. member for Camden. In the years 1836 and 1837, to his great credit and to the admiration of his countrymen, that hon. member was the active instrument of setting on foot an enquiry into the working of the convict system in New South Wales, with a view to its cessation. His efforts on that occasion were very great. He drew up a petition to Her Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, and obtained signatures to them, and at length au enquiry was obtained, and transportation ultimately ceased ; and every man in the colony had ex- perienced the blessings arising out of that cessation, and he was surprised that the hon. member for Sydney should now wish to revert to it. Previous to the commence- ment of the debate, the hon. member placed on the paper a notice of an amendment, in the re- solutions proposed by Mr. Lamb, with which he believed many honorable members could have gone the whole way. What could have induced him now so suddenly to change his opinions, and to ask again for a system which had so long expired, he was at a loss to say, and could only regret that such should be the case. The hon. member for Durham had just given notice of resolutions very similar to those the hon. member for Camden had just placed on the paper, and he felt disposed to vote for them. But any system of transporta- tion would be so destructive of the moral and re- ligious welfare of the colony, and would be pro- ductive of no pecuniary benefit, that he must oppose anything like a return to it. He did hope and trust that they had outgrown any- thing of this kind. He did not see any benefit that could arise from prolonging this debate. The minds of the community at large, as well as of hon. members, were, he was assured, made up on this question, and he should not therefore detain them longer. Honorable members had taken up the subject so ably and so warmly that they had nearly exhausted the subject. Before he sat down, however, he might perhaps be permitted to congratulate the honorable member (Mr. Lamb) for the course he had taken in this matter, and he was sure the colonists would agree with him that a debt of gratitude was due to that gentleman. There had been a great deal said about the British flag, and the words which in the excitement of the moment had been uttered respecting it. He did not believe there had been any intention to offer insult to that flag. That flag had been where there was a battle and where there was a breeze. (Laughter.) Nor did he think it required that sort of protection which had been offertd in that house. There was too much loyal feeling in the country to allow it ever to be torn down. He begged to thank the House for the patience with which they had listened to him, and again saying that the thanks of the meeting were due to Mr. Lamb for generations to come, he trusted his efforts would avert from this colony an evil which would be an ever- lasting curse. Mr. MOOR: It was not his intention to de- tain the House at any length, although he did not think it would be consistent with his duty to give altogether a silent vote on this occasion. It needed no argument from him on that occa- sion to show that the people of Port Phillip were, at all events, unanimously opposed to any renewal of transportation in any shape, and he therefore should certainly have voted against the resolutions which were moved by the hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland, as cer- tainly as he should now vote against those of the hon. member for Camden. If there wanted any confirmation of the principles of the peoplo of Port Phillip on this question, it was to be found in the meeting which was held in Melbourne, a day or two before he left that place, and the petition signed by 2600 of its inhabitants, which he had the honor to present, and the signatures to which were collected in the course of two or three days. There was one observation which had been used by the hon. member for Northumberland (Mr. Dangar) which particularly grated on his ears. He alluded to the remarks of the honorable member respecting the clergy. He said that the clergy would have been better employed had they been attending to their religious duties, than making speeches at public meetings and taking any share in the popular agitation which had prevailed on this subject. He took it, that in the part they had acted, the clergy were attending their religious duties. (Hear, hear.) That they were regard- ful of the moral and religious welfare of the colony when they advised the colonists by every constitutional means in their power to resist this attempt to bring among themselves the very scum of the British gaols, and the out- pourings of British crime. (Cheers.) On such a subject as this, however, he felt the clergy could not much regard the censure of any one, even though he might be an honorable member of that House, who could describe the crime of rape as a minor offence. (Hear, hear.) The honorable member had said that transportation had not had a contaminating and demoralising effect on the people of the colony. He (Mr. Moor) thought that it had contaminated and demoralised himself, when the honorable mem- ber could stand up in a deliberate assembly and characterise in terms like these, that most detestable of crimes. (Cheers). The hon. member had doubtless been so much in the habit of viewing crime around bim, among the convicts of whom he seemed to hold such fond and endearing recollections, that his senses had become blunted to it. (Cheers). The colony, therefore, might despise the censure of the hon. member, or if they listened to it, it must only be with a powerful necessity of renewing with even greater energy their exertions in the cause. The amendment of Mr. Macarthur ex- cluded the province of Port Phillip from its operation, and therefore it might be asked, what he, a member of that district, had to do with it. He (Mr. Moor) however, contended that the people of Port Phillip had a great deal to do with this question. The influx of crime into the district from the neighbouring colony of Van Diemen's Land, had already increased to such an extent, that the police of that province had had to be trebled, to give its in- habitants security from their depredations. He found at the present time that there were no iess than 170 criminals in the gaol at Melbourne, while a few years ago, before this outpouring from Van Diemen's Land commenced, there were but 50, and even that was thought a monstrous proportion. Suffering, therefore, as they did from the effects of a penal colony in the south, they had a good right to seek to avert the danger of having New South Wales erected into a penal colony in the north : for if these exiles were sent here-let them call them by what name they might-let them draw what fine distinctions they chose between them and the convicts of former times-its effect would be in reality to make New South Wales again a penal settlement. (Cheers.) It was there- fore on principle that he should give his vote to-day, believing that by doing so he conferred good both on Port Phillip and on New South Wales. The resolutions of the hon. member (Mr. Lamb) went to the point : they were clear and intelligible, and could not be misunder- stood by the Minister ; and although he could not expect that they would receive the unani- mous assent of the House, he trusted they would be passed without a division. Dr. DICKSON, in rising to address the House upon this occasion, confessed he ex- perienced considerable diffidence, and did he not feel that it was incumbent upon him not to content himself with giving a silent vote upon a question of such magnitude as that upon which this House has to arrive at a so- lemn decision, and did he not feel that the sentiments and opinions of honorable members should be disentangled from all ambiguity, he might for reasons, to which he should presently refer, continue to preserve that delicacy which, as a Port Phillip member, he had endeavoured throughout the session to pursue upon all matters not immediately affecting the future province of Victoria. But when he considered the momentous occasion which had assembled them to-night, and the immense importance of the subject which they had met to deliberate upon, not surpassed in deep, and absorbing interest in all pro- bability by any which may at any time have occupied the attention of a representative as- sembly, and that upon the great act to be per- formed upon this stage rests the earnest gaze, not only of this community, but of all the sur- rounding colonies ; and that the Port Phillip members have the honour to have had assigned to them a place in its performance ; and still further, when he looked beneath and around him, and saw his honorable colleagues in their places, those gentlemen, who in order to dis- charge their duty to their country, had made such a sacrifice of time, convenience, ease, and money, and when he considered how well adapted these honorable members were to ap- proach the consideration of this question, the calm and dispassionate minds which they would bring to bear upon it, their freedom from prejudice,-for with them it is no party question, he confessed he could not help feel- ing, that however long the eve of separation may have protracted the day of their humilia- tion, that the hour of their triumph had arrived. (Cheers.) It has been said that the Port Phillip members have no interest in this question, and that they should not come down to this House for the purpose of influencing the decision upon it. If this were true, he would neither be here to-night to vote nor to speak upon the subject, but he repudiated the dogma, and in con- tradiction of such an assumption he asserted that they had the deepest and the liveliest interest in it. Nor is it an interest of that negative kind, arising out of that anoma- lous position which circumstances have caused them to occupy, infinitely more irksome than the labours of legislation ; and which has of late so frequently characterised their conduct, and which has caused them rather to be a clog upon legislation by confining as far as could be considered judicious the operation of the acts passed by this House to the middle district. Not such an interest as obliged them to be almost passive spectators of the appropriation of their revenues in a way which, had they possessed a legislature of their own, they never could have consented to. On this question they are not the mere appendages of this House, which some would fain represent them. They are on the contrary the active components of it ; and so vital is the interest which they have in this question, that they will seek the van in the great moral struggle to repel from these shores the threatened invasion. (Cheers.) And having succeeded here, they will turn round and co operate heart and hand with the pa- triotic people of Van Diemon's Land, and never relax their exertions until the whole of Southern and Eastern Australia is freed from even the apprehensions of this evil. As for Swan River, as it has coveted what others have rejected, if there is any good in it, they are welcome to it. The insignificance and the remoteness of that colony, while it shuts out the pestilence from all dangerous propinquity, renders it valueless as a constituent of the splendid Oceanic group. Here let the British Government pursue their truly philanthropic efforts for the amelioration of our species. Here they have an ample field upon which to locate all the convicts which for some years it may be necessary to transport. Here let them give a fair trial to a great experiment, one worthy of a great nation, and one which, so far as he was able to form an opinion, prefers a stronger claim to the safety and security of the com- munity in which it is te be performed, and the reformation of our erring fellow-mortals, and the only one which he was satisfied that the humanity and justice of the British Parlia- ment and people will ever sanction, that of exileism, combining a probationary stage of education and punishment at home, with the hope of success arising from propriety and in- dustry abroad. And here let not hon. mem- bers delude themselves, nor try to delude others : it will be exileism unaccompanied with a military force, a military chest, a commissa- riat expenditure, or any other of those sordid advantages which seem to have influenced to such an extent the fears and the cupidity of many individuals. It is idle te say that the Port Phillip members have no interest on this question. What ! No interest forsooth, when they see it proposed to place their fine province between two penal colonies, " a rose between two thistles," to be transfixed and lacerated on either hand. When they knew that their district would offer to the convict every inducement to escape - would open to the runaway the only door-and that it would present to the bushranger the finest and most tempting field for his exploits and atrocities ; no interest indeed, when they see it proposed to establish on our very border convictism in its very worst shape that the in- genuity or the depravity of man has ever de- vised. Are we patiently to succumb while the erection of the stockade goes on at our door, and the probation gang again presents to the astonished world mankind more debased than the worst conceptions of the mind thought it possible that he could descend to ?-proving that Beneath the deepest hell there is a deeper still. A system that in its operation in Van Diemen's Land only served to exhibit poor human nature in a new and awfully repulsive aspect- a system that when the official reports regard- ing its operations reached the hands of Minis- ters, that sagacious, able, and most excellent man, Sir Robert Peel, recoiled from the mon- ster " he himself had made; " and so shocked and horrified was he on learning what had been the working of the system-the dis- appointment that had attended upon his most sanguine hopes-in order that he might calmly penetrate through the gloom of the future, he issued a peremptory order that transportation should cease, and for the next two years there was a total suspension of it in any shape and form whatever. (Cheers.) He happened to be in England awaiting the sailing of the ship to which he had been appointed when the last despatches relating to that system arrived, and from a statement made in the Times, if he rightly re- collected, that such was the character of these despatches, so shocking were the facts dis- closed, that no form of speech which the lan- guage could supply would enable them to lay them before their readers, and calling upon the Government, in the name of God and man, to put an end to the infernal system. And as it was known that he (the honorable mem- ber) had resided in the colonies, and was just about to return, it formed a subject of conver- sation with every society into which he en- tered. And what was the impression made upon his mind by all that he saw and heard upon the subject. Up to this period, perhaps, no topic had been so little considered, and was less understood by the people of Great Britain than that of transportation ; but from the time to which he referred, 1846, a complete revolution took place in the public mind. There still had existed very many who regarded emigration to a penal colony where they could possess convict labour as the speediest road to fortune ; but such was the change which now took place that all peo- ple united in contemplating a penal colony, be it of what character it might, as a plague spot, and on leaving England the conviction stamped upon his mind respecting Van Diemen's Land was, that its sun had gone down in clouds and thick darkness, that it was as effectually tabooed -as the future home of the emigrant, as are those eastern deserts that lie beneath the divine anathema. (Cheers.) And has not everything which has since happened served to establish this conviction ? Has not prosperity vanished? Are not the inhabitants leaving as fast as cir- cumstances will admit of? And is not property valueless ? He would ask honorable members -and in particular would address himself to his honorable and learned friend the member for Sydney-to look on that sad and truthful picture. And here he would ask leave to pause, and for a moment to digress. Let public writers say what they may, he knew that in the breast of his distinguished friend the love of his native land burnt with a lambent flame. (Loud cheers.) And let the private opinions, or the expression of those opinions in this House be what it might, there is wherewithal surrounding that hon. member that should shield him from such offence as was offered to him last night and the night before, as he proceeded from the Council after the performance of his duty. Those who thus attempted to insult his hon. friend, little knew that when they thus insulted the first of their orators, they insulted the first of their patriots -the architect of our liberties when not the frowns of despotic authority could overawe him from laying the foundation of those blessings which we now enjoy. He (Dr. Dickson) lived in a country where this game was played on an occasion of great popular excitement, when hon. members proceeding to and from the senate-house of their country were intimidated and threatened with certain consequences, unless their votes should be in obedience to popular clamour ; and on one occasion the illustrious Grattan, a man whose memory is embalmed in the hearts of the descendants of the men who participated in such an outrage, had the narrowest escape from the consequences of an ebullition of po- pular fury on the part of those who a short time previously had followed his triumphal car with their acclamations. (Cheers). What were the consequences in that country to which he alluded, and what will be the consequences here if such infatuation be persisted in? It will be here as it was there, it will be fatal to our liberties. His hon. friend knew that he would not flatter him, that he would not insult him by anything but the truth; and he must tell him, and he told it to him with regret, that the obvious changes in the political conduct of his hon. friend were to be accounted for from his allowing the fitful and perhaps transitory gusts of popular feeling to warp his otherwise masculine understanding. Yet, remembering the obligations which this country was under to that hon. gentleman, a debt which she never could repay, he would not permit the inconsistencies of the present to obscure the glories of the past. To return to the subject. He would ask the hon. and learned member for Sydney would he, while unable to trust the British Minister whose conduct was tortuosity personified, and with , such an example as the sister colony presents before his eyes, would he risk the adoption of a principle which by any possibility could produce results so calamitous ? In honore, in virtute tutamen est. There was one argument-he said one, as it alone was mentioned in private conversation upon this subject-and with the demolition of this he would be satisfied, leaving to others the task of refuting what else may be propounded. This, which formed the first in the category put forth to his constituents by the hon. mem- ber for Bathurst-a document concerning which he would only say, that be that hon gentle- man's object what it might, it had made more anti- transportationists than any other which had seen the light. For his own part, he sat down to peruse it dispassionately, and when he rose, there did not exist a vestige of doubt upon his mind as to the way in which he should vote. The argument he alluded to was, that because convicts were landed in Moreton Bay and in Van Diemen's Land, we should receive them. This is a syllogism, and, like all argu- ments by syllogism, it must rest upon two col- lateral supports, the removal of either being fatal to it. Now he had no hesitation in put- ting forth his hand and taking away one of the props by declaring his conviction that so certain as to-morrow's sun will rise, the days of trans- portation to Van Diemen's Land are numbered. That it will cease and determine for ever in a very short period. But were this not suffi- ciently convincing, it disappears before one of the first principles in reasoning, that every evil is in proportion to its magnitude. Is it a reason that because a poison has insinuated itself into the extremities, that the whole body should become saturated with it ? He could not find a convertible explanation more worthy of this wretched sophistry, than to say to a re- putable female, who resided between two brothels, that because a stream of vice, accom- panied with a proportionate amount of filth, were poured into her neighbour's house, she should advertise hers also. He admitted that if the Port Phillip members came down to this House on the present occa- sion for the purpose of constituting a majority, that majority so formed would leave the merits of the case in a most unsatisfactory state, if not undecided. He should consider the position of the Port Phillip members as an unenviable one, but he should regard the position which the Middle District would thereby hold as singu- larly unfortunate; but he apprehended no such result from the exercise of their votes to- night. He confidently predicted that the re- sult would show that they were not to consti- tute, but to swell the majority upon this ques- tion. (Cheers.) Hon. members who reflected the sentiments of the inhabitants of New South Wales Proper, who have made our table groan for the last few nights beneath the load of their petition«, will not so far stultify themselves as to require to import any amount of public opinion from any colony or district to declare emphatically and unmis- takably its fixed and unalterable determination that through no apprehension of pecuniary difficulty, through no fears of a scarcity of la- bour, from no charming of the Minister, charm he ever so wisely, through no pretext, will they consent to receive on these shores British criminals. But that on the contrary, that they are prepared to trust in the goodness of a most gracious Providence, who, if he might so speak, has within the memory of some of those who still inhabit, so mercifully called into active ex- istence, and has in comparison with other coun- tries so marvellously prospered in it, that inde- pendently of such aid he will continue to furnish it with all those appliances which may be necessary for its further development and pros- perity. And that they will show that the Port Phillip members are not required as a mere force in reserve ; or to use a more applicable but less dignified figure, to be used as a mere make-weight to incline the balance which trembles in your grasp. To cause that to pre ponderate, where it left to yourselves, there would only be an equipoise. That they are here on the contrary to do the most important duty that has ever yet devolved upon them- that they are here to throw the unanimously declared opinion upon this subject of a great and prosperous people into that scale, which already contains all the wisdom, all the arguments, all the justice, and all the patriotism involved in it. (Cheers.) It was stated last night by the honorable mem- ber for Roxburgh, that if the Port Phillip mem- bers were desirous to promote the interests of that district, they would be the friends and not the opponents of transportation ; and he had heard it asserted in that House, that to that system Port Phillip owed all her pristine prosperity. However prepared he was to combat the last, to the first of these proposi- tions he yielded a ready assent, and he felt sa- tisfied that the Port Phillip members could not take a more effectuai way of directing the whole stream of British immigration into the harbours of that colony than by supporting the cause of transportation in that House. If, said the honorable member, we could for a moment en- tertain the desire, in the words of the dying bard- To rise on your ruin to fame- Port Phillip would then be almost without a rival, and presenting, as she does, stronger at- traction than any colony perhaps in the world, she would as of necessity draw to herself two- thirds of all the free emigrants, both rich and poor, destined for Australia. (Cheers.) For the late disinterested exploration of Captain Stanley Carr, and now extensively circulated in Eng- land, shows that in comparison with Port Phillip the far-famed colony of South Austra- lia appeared to every disadvantage. No, on this question the Port Phillip members will not permit any grovelling or selfish con- sideration to actuate their conduct. They are here on this occasion not to benefit themselves, but to save you even from yourselves, to extend to New South Wales the vigorous and sinewy grasp of her young but precocious offspring, and that she may be un- able to forget that while young and helpless she experienced from her parent little of kind- ness, and much of injustice, yet she is willing to forgive, and entreating you to shake off the chains and the fetters and everything demoral- izing and degrading, and hand in hand ad- vance with her in the pursuit of those objects by which we can arrive at prosperity and hap- piness at home, and importance and respecta- bility abroad. The hon. member sat down amidst loud cheers. Mr. NICHOLS : Before making any re- marks on the question before the House, he would beg to trouble the House with one or two observations on the course he had pur- sued on the motion of the hon. and learned member for Sydney, for the adjournment of this debate, a month ago. He (Mr. Nichols) voted in favour of that motion, and had, in con- sequence of that vote, with several other anti- transportationists, been set down as being in favour of that system of exileism as proposed by Lord Grey. He was glad that he, by his vote on that occasion, had contributed towards giving an opportunity to his fellow- colonists out of doors for the expression of their opinion on this, to them, most deeply interesting ques- tion. Without some such opportunity as this had been afforded, the question having been for some years before the public, it might have been said by the pro-transportationists, that the people had no feeling in the matter-that they were indifferent as to whether these exiles should be sent to New South Wales or not. It had been said, in fact, by the hon. and learned member for Sydney that there had been a change in the opinions of the colonists with regard to this great ques- tion ; but the result of this adjournment of the debate had been just what he had always anticipated, and what he had predicted it would be. Tbe petitions which had poured in upon the Council from every quarter of the colony-from Moreton Bay on the north to Port Phillip on the south-clearly declared that the people of the colony would not submit to any return of the transportation system to New South Wales. (Cheers.) And though he admitted they were not sitting then as dele- gates from the people, still he thought in a question like this, they ought to be swayed to some extent by the opinions of their constitu- ents, expressed as these opinions were in a con- stitutional manner in the petitions presented to the House. The result of the determination of the Council, whether it should be to receive or to reject the proposition of the honorable Secretary of State, would principally offset them; its results would, for better or for worse, fall on them and their children ; and, therefore, it was natural that they should feel a deep and absorbing interest in the settlement of this question, and it was right that honor- able members should extend to the petitions they sent up upon it, the fullest consideration, and attach to the representations they contained full weight. (Cheers ) The hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland had in the course of his speech, in allusion to this point, referred to the opinion expressed by that great states- man, Mr. Burke, on the occasion of his election for Bristol, in order to show that a member of the legislature should be guided by his own opinion and judgment, and not by the wishes of his constituency. In a work, however, which he held in his hand, this doctrine was disputed, and he would beg leave to read them the passage in it which had reference to this subject. The book was entitled, Letters to a Young Member of Parliament, and the writer observed- You entertain some peculiar views respecting your position with your constituents. You are willing to be their delegate in bringing into Parliament, or in sup- porting a merely local bill; but on great and general questions you claim the privilege of judging for yourself. You seem to be influenced by the opinions of Burke in his celebrated speech at Bristol. His language on that occasion was:-"Let me say with plainness-I who am no longer in a public character -that it by a fair, by an indulgent, by a gentlemanly behaviour to our representatives, we do not give confidence to their minds, and a liberal scope to their understandings: if we do not permit our members to act upon a very enlarged view of things, we shall at length infallibly degrade our national represen- tation into a confused and scuffling bustle of local agency." l am constrained to receive with profound respect any opinion of yours-espoclally when they are supported and confirmed by an authority so distin- guished as that of Edmund Burke. You grant the "local agency " in a railway or harbour bill. You will not, however, acknowledge the same "local agency" in a matter of peace or war, of tyranny or taxation of suf- frage or ballot. You are to be at perfect liberty to judge for yourself, and to act without regard to your constituents and their opinions. This doctrine, though maintained by you and Burke is nevertheless by no means sound or satisfactory. You were elected by the large majority of votes of a numerous constituency, be- cause you supported clear and well-defined principles, to which it was assumed you were sincerely and faith- fully devoted. Every elector who voted for you did not possibly agree with every point that you were pleased to support. Your main principles were, nevertheless the main principles of the majority. If in the course of events the majority of your constituents should change their sentiments-I do not of course imagine that yours would materially vary-and the representative of the borough and the majority of its electors differed upon essentials, then, I think, you are bound to seek a new constituency, and your borough a new member. In plain language, you are the delegate of the majority. The spirit of the age requires that you should bow to the will of the clearly expressed majority of your con- stituents. The septennial act may not permit you to ascertain the sentiments of your constituents at a general election, but there are many straws which show the current of political opinion in a borough, and these straws it is your duty to observe and to remember. Do not cling tenaciously to a seat when you are satisfied that you are no longer the object of regard and esteem among the larger portion of your constituents. These were the duties pointed out for the gui- dance of a young member of Parliament. Mr. MARTIN: Who was the author Mr. NICHOLS: The book was written by Mr William Lockey Harle, and whoever he might be, the book was written with that un- doubted talent which showed him to be very com- petent to give advice even to the young mem- bers of the Legislative Council. (Cheers and laughter.) It was advice, he (Mr Nichols) was glad to take, and it pointed out the course which he should assuredly have followed on this question, had he been unfortunate enough to have differed in opinion from his constituents on this important subject. When it was ascertained that this subject was again to be discussed, that the Council was to be called upon to pronounce a final decision, and give a final answer to the Colonial Minister, as to whether they would receive convicts, or exiles, in any. shape or not, he had written to his constituents telling them, that his former opinions on this subject, the opinions on the strength of which they had sent him into Council, had not changed, if theirs had, and if they now wished him to give a vote for the renewal of transportation under any modification, or in any way, he would at once resign his trust into their hands. He agreed with the writer he had just quoted, that if hon. members did not hold the opinions of their constituents, they did not represent them, and if they continued to hold office it was for the carrying out their own purposes against the will and the interests of those who had sent them to that Council. (Cheers. ) Some observations had been made by various speakers during the debate as to the conduct of the hon. member (Mr. Lamb) in relation to this question and the propriety of the course he adopted, in taking a part in the proceedings at the Bar- rack-square, had been called in question. He had read a lecture to the junior members of the House, a lecture very appropriate to the hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland, and to himself, and perhaps the hon. member from Miller's Point would not be offended if he read a lecture from the same book, which might perhaps be useful to him and the other senior members of the House. The opinions ex- pressed in the passage he should read, was not the opinions of the writer himself alone, th«y were the opinions of one of the greatest sages who ever adorned a country with his wis- dom and his virtues, and to which he was sure, as an authority, every member of that House, including even the hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland, would bow with the deepest re- spect: he alluded to Sir Samuel Romilly. The passage was- You ask me very blandly, whether I like the appear- ance of members of parliament at public meetings. As you are likely to be a favourite speaker, both within and without the walls of parliament, I will frankly answer your question, and give you my opinion. One of my pattern men in history, one of my political sages and solemn guides, I mean Sir Samuel Romily, entertained a strong dislike to appear at public meet- ings. He believed that if a member of parliament did his duty in the House of Commons, he did all that the public or his constituents had a right to expect of him. I agree to a very considerable extent with Sir Samuel Romilly. Platforms at public meetings should be oc- cupied chiefly by those, who have no seats in parliament. Members of the legislature have ample opportunities, by their speeches, their measures, and their votes, to testify their faith in the good cause. Too many plat- form speeches from a legislator lead one to infer that he cannot obtain the same applause within the House that he obtains out of it. Platforms, too are not the best possible preparation for a session in the House of Commons. Calm study, and minute and careful obser- vation, seem to me better suited for a statesman who must devote his days and his nights to the formation of laws for a mighty empire. To these opinions, also, he entirely subscribed, and he hoped that the observance of them would be useful to him so long as he had the honour to hold a seat in that Council, and that they would not be found unpalatable or unpro- fitable to the hon. member at the foot of the table, the mover of the resolutions they were now discussing. He was exceedingly obliged to the hon. member for Cook and West- moreland for reading, at the length he had done, the horrors which the trans- portation system entailed in former times- horrors of which he could truly say he was a living witness. It had been his intention to have recapitulated the statements read by the hon. member, but as he had brought them be- fore the House, he (Mr. Nichols) should not trespass on their attention to repeat them. To the list however, frightful as it was, he could add others, the atrocity of which were suffi- cient to make the blood curdle in the veins of any right-minded man. He remembered the days, when tyranny and oppression ruled triumphant through the land, and to his honour be it spoken, at that period his honoured, he might say his venerated friend the hon. and learned member for Sydney, was the first to step for- ward between the oppressor and the oppressed (Cheers.) At that period the chief magistrate of the colony, the governor of the colony, countenanced this system of detestable cruelty. The governor of that day, whether it was that long familiarity with scenes of slavery in a slave country had brutalized his heart or not, he could not say, punished certain offenders with such barbarity that one of the parties sunk under it and died. It was his hon. and learned friend, who rose in generous indigna- tion at such conduct, and asserted the rights of humanity and freedom. He had to fight the battle, not as they had to fight it now, on the arena of calm and deliberate discussion,- he had to fight it when the thunders of power rolled above his head, and when in the per- formance of this high, generous, and sacred duty, the protection of this unfortunate race, from unexampled cruelties, he became almost a proscribed man. (Cheers.) That feeling arose from this de- grading, this accursed system. It was this that induced those in power to infringe the liberties of Englishmen, to infringe the law with impunity, and to gag the press; and worse, it was this debased feeling which in- duced Englishmen and free men to submit to such oppression. (Cheers.) But that his hon. and learned friend should now be the ad- vocate of a return to a system like this, did certainly fill him with regret and astonishment. He believed that his honorable and learned friend was the sincere and unflinching friend of his country, he had stood by her in the hour of her greatest need, and had been fore- most in every struggle for her freedom and ad- vancement. He would read to them the hon. and learned member's own beautiful language from the hustings, when he solicited their suf- frages at the last general election. The hon. and learned member, speaking of the chance of his defeat, and that of his colleague in the for- mer Council, Mr. Bland, said- You may cause it to be written on the tombs of my friend and myself, "HERE LIE THE REJECTED OF SYDNEY." But I will venture to prophecy that in juxta- position with these words posterity will add " WHO GAVE TO THOSE WHO DESERTED THEM THE LIBERTY OF THE PRESS, TRIAL BY JURY, AND THE CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT OF ELECTING THEIR OWN REPRESENTATIVES." (Tremendous cheers.) You may put it out of my power to serve you again-you cannot erase from memory the serviccs of the past. (Cheers. ) I can truly say the love of my country has been the master passion of my life. No man's heart has ever beat with a more ardent love of his country than mine, and it is on my native soil I here stand. From boyhood up to manhood I have watched over its infant growth as a mother over her cradled child. Its welfare through life has been the object of my devoted love and affec- tion, and now when my days are in the autumn of their cycle, that welfare is the object of my highest hopes and most hallowed aspirations. That was language worthy of the honorable member, and in what he said then he (Mr. Nichols) was sure he was sincere (Cheers.) He believed even now, in the part he was taking in this great question, the honorable and learned member believed he was doing good to his country. (Cheers.) But he deeply la- mented to see his hon. and learned friend the advocate of a system which must make that country degraded and despised. If the blow must come, not from his hand should it fall on the freedom of the country -for he contended that free institutions were utterly incom- patible with convictism. Nor could they be more reconcileable with the exileism of the hon. member for Camden, which, define it as you might, was still in principle and in fact the same thing. The greatest difficulty which had been experienced in fighting the battle of freedom in this colony arose from this system ; this was the obstacle its champions had to encounter in every stage of the contest, and it was not till after it had been removed that the victory was accomplished. He found in a letter from Mr Charles Buller to the Patriotic Association-an authority which he thought ought to be valuable to the hon and learned member, himself so distinguished and promi- nent a member of that body,-the following passage: Only let me once more impress upon you the opinion which I before expressed to you on this subject, and of the correctness of which all my subsequent labours in your behalf have more strongly convinced me: -None are so immediately interested in the immediate discon- tinuance of transportation as those inhabitants of the colony who petition for Representative Government. The continuance of that system I have found the ob- stacle that has mainly thwarted all my efforts to obtain you what you desire. Nor do I believe that the Govern- ment or Parliament of this country will ever be induced to grant you such a self government as such a colony should have until a prospect shall have arisen of its being no longer used for its present penal purposes. If that opinion was valuable at the time that letter was written, when they were struggling for the first instalment of their liberties, why should it be less valuable now when, as he hoped, they were pursuing the march which should lead to the full accomplishment of those liberties. (Cheers. ) He thought this extract served to bear out his position that transportation was inconsistent with free institutions, and he would go further and say that true liberty was inconsistent with slavery of any kind -whether in the shape of convictism, or exileism, or pur- chased negroism. The opinions of the ancients authorised and confirmed the opinions of modern statesmen on this subject. He found from an abstract, which had been made for him, by a friend, of a speech of Cicero, and applied to the circumstances of this colony, the following appropriate observations: - Cicero, when he alluded to the Roman slate m mterí, st ited an i «portant truth equally applicable to the ti illlckeis in Hill Coolies The passage »ohsve quoted may thus be translated into the GuUnlaii, tho Mauri- tian (the Australian?) di ilccta of the I nj,llsh toiuue - 1 Your atañe«!, which lends you to import tlios > slaves, renders you peculiarly unfit to have thom When Vc-llolus Pnterculus, describing the atrocious cru ltiet of Cinnn statosthat avarice becamo the cause finora ¡?avago nnd relentless oppression than all his oilier evil passions combined , ho points out with truth mid pre- cision tho source of thoso modern enormities, the African and Indiin slave trades Thus, they saw that the opinions of ancient and modern Umcs tended alike to the same opinion that slavery to man, and freedom to the state, were impossible correllatives. Writers statesmen, and philosophers in their books, their speeches, and their precepts, all combined to confirm this principle On this subject, Dr Channing, in his work on Slavery, says - But ' tho free states of antiquity," wo aro told . had slaves ' So had the monarchies of tho same periods. \\\ ith which of these institutions was slavery most cod gcuial ' To which did it most probably givi> support r Besides, it is only by courtesy that wee ill the ancient republics free Homo in her bast djys vv is in tristo cracy , nor were private rights which it is the chief ofiicu of liberty to prote-t, rendered n whit more secura by tho |,r idual triumphs of tho people over the patricial! power Slavery was at nil periods the curse of Rome The great m tas of her tree population, throning almost every laborious occupation on the slaves bccime an - idle, licentious rabble , and this unprincipled populace, together with the slaves, furnished read; instrument! for every private and public crime And ag tin, Tho few last months have increased my solicitude foe the country, i'ublio sentiment has seemed to me to be losing its hcuitlitulness and vigour. [ havo seen symp- toms of the declino of the old spirit of liberty, servile opinons h .va seoracd to gain ground among us. Tha ~ failli of our fathers in free institutions has waxed faint, nnd is giving place to despair of human improremtnt» I have perceived a disposition to deride abstract lights, to spe'ik of freedom as n dream, and ot republican go- vernment as built on sand. I have perceived a faint- heartedness in tho cause of human rights. The con» demuation which Ins been passed on Abolitionists, has seemed to be settling into acquiescence in slavery. Tho sympathies of tho community bave been tumid from tho slave to the master. He thought he had said sufficient to show that the abstract arguments which had been used to show that the undue coercion of any class of their fellow- men, might be consistent with free institutions, and the exorcisa of popular rights - was not borne out by experience and common sense. The natural tendency of the human mind was to be governed by the impres- sions which surrounded it, nnd the constant recurrence of scenes of cruelty and oppres- sion on the jpne hand, and degradation and debasement on the other, must tend to deaden those aspirations for national freedom which ought to be a fixed principle, and not a momentary excitement. (Hear, hear.) He now came more immediately to the question before them : and he would first inquire into the advantages which it was supposed would be derived from this system. The first of these put forward by its supporters was, that it would provide cheap labour. He was one who thought the labourer was worthy of his hire, nor did he think that the natural level which the rate of wages would find, should be disturbed by any competition with forced labour, or labour the payment of which could be arbi- trarily determined by the Governmcn t, instead of by the ordinary principles of supply and demand. The man who refused to pay the rate of wages, consistent with the rate of profits he himself obtained, and with the fair and reasonable wants of the labourer, was unworthy to be a moster ; and hence one of the present evils of this system, that it infused into the mind of tho employer that if he was not to have the labour for nothing, he, at all events, was to be the sole regulator of the price of it. But the consequence of the introduction of this class of labour would bo to throw free labour out of employ, or to depreciate its value, and in this state of circumstances the - free labourer would assuredly leave them, and this process would continue to go on until they would have no labour in the colony but exiles andconvictedfclons. (Cheersand cries of no, no.) Hon. gentlemen might say no, no ; but he asked, looking at the common sense of the matter, calculating on all natural or probable se- quences, would not tliis be the inevitable re result. Was it to bo taken as possible, that if by the introduction of any class the wages of free labour was arbitrarily fixed and deter- mined, at least as far as its rise might be concerned, though not as regarded its fall, that such free labour would remain in the colony è The idea was preposterous. No honorable gentleman could answer such a question other than in the negative, if this continuous stream of convict labour was to be poured into the colony, it must drive the free labour out of it, and they would have none other than that of convicts and felons. When the transporta- tion subject was under the consideration, of the Committee of the IIouso of Commons, a very able paper was drawn up by Mr. D. D. Heath, as to the com- parative expense of convict and free labour. From this paper it would appear that free labour was about 13 per cent, dearer than convict labour ; but from this, 13 per cent, was to be deducted, the expense of forcing a man to work for nothing or of punishing him if he did not. The paper he alluded to was as , follows : I It appears from an official return,that the annual cot! of the convicts kept by the Government, aud who hav« only the regular rations and allowances, was, in New South Wales for fond, per man, 71.4s. lüjd ; for cloth- ing. 21. 7s. 8jd. ; making, 91.12s. 7d. If we add to this the expense of providing lodging( fuel, and light, and medical attendance, and take into account that the price of clothing and everything not grown immediately on the spot. Is very considerably enhanced above the Sydney price to settler* ia tfe| country, we cannot reckon the necessary and legal expenses of a convict at less than 10l. annually. But the annual cost is always considerably more. Mere compulsion will never get the most out of a man; especially where the magistrate alone can punish disobedience, and he is generally resident at some distance. Some degree of indulgence beyond what is legally required, is the least troublesome as well as the most humane method of obtaining fair exertions from the labourer. If we adopt the statement of Dr. Turn- bull (a member of a committee on emigration in Van Diemen's Land,) as to quantity, though not as to price (for owing probably to the difference of prices in the two colonies, his estimate is very much higher) convicts would seem to receive in general at least one fourth more than the regular allowance of food and clothing, besides tea, sugar, and tobacco (the cost of the latter articles alone, Dr. Turnbull estimates at 1s. 2d. per week.) On the whole then, we can hardly set down the cost of a convict at less than 13l. a year. On the other hand, the rate of wages in New South Wales for unskilled labour is in general from 10l. to 15l. a year, besides lodging and food; not, in general, in- cluding extra allowances beyond some milk or tea. Now it is generally reckoned that two labourers working for wages will do as much work as three con- victs. Against the money wages, therefore, of two such labourers, which we may estimate at 24l., we have to set n0" the whole cost of the third convict, besides the clothing and extra allowances of the other two, which may be roughly taken according to the above data at above 19l., so that the employment of free in the place of convict labour would appear to cause an increased expenses of about 5l on every three convicts; viz. on labour the cost of which is about 39l. The above calculation is of course very inaccurate; it has, however, been made on the principle of rather than over-rating the cost of convict labour; and the result is that at the present market price of free labour in New South Wales, free labour would cost about 13 per cent dearer than the labour of convicts. When, however, we take into the account that many convicts, after the expense of their first suit of clothes has been incurred, and some profitless time and money spent in teaching them to work, are found irreclaim- able, and are thrown back on the hands of Government : that of those that are kept in service, many are kept in order only by an appeal to a distant magistrate, and by this infliction of corporal punishment ; and that a sys- tem of petty pilfering, if not of extensive plunder, is generally admitted to previl; the difference in favour of convict labour must probably be considered dimi- nished. When those who had watched this system remembered the idleness, the debauchery, the theft which prevailed under it, the trouble the employer had in prosecuting offences and getting them punished-sometimes having to travel hundreds of miles-he thought that the 13 per cent, would be more than absorbed, and that the convict labourers were in reality dearer than the imported free man. But this was not all ; as had been stated by the hon. member for Camden, the whole system must be looked upon in a broad, comprehensive, and states- man-like view, and he could only regret that the hon. member, in his treatment of this subject, had not borne out the principles on which he professed to act. Anything more narrow, more one-sided, more shuffling and sophistical than the speech of the hon. member, it had never been his lot to listen to. But, to return to the subject of the expense of this system. In addition to this relative proportion of the cost of free labour and bond as it affected the employer, they must also look to the additional expense which the latter entailed upon the country at large in the shape of taxation. He found that in the first session of the present Legislative Council in the year 1843, they had reduced the expenditure of the country by £72,000 in cutting down the ex- penses which had grown up under this corrupt and detestable system. The taxes from which this expenditure was paid came out of the pockets of the people at large, and now they were told that these times must come again, and of course the expenditure along with them. The advocates of this system, indeed, said that the system was a modified one, and that the times were altered. That they would want no police magistrates, no scourgers, and none of the hateful paraphernalia of the system, which were the symbols and insignia of the system in bygone years. But he entreated hon. members not to lull themselves with sophisms like this ; man was now what man always was, and they knew well that even when he had the price of his labour as his reward it was difficult to keep him from crime. Take away this safeguard, however, make him merely a slave working for another's good, against his will, perhaps under cruelty and oppression, and the vaunted improvements of the modified system and the old system would at once vanish into thin air. The supporters of this system well knew the means and appliances of coercion would be, must be necessary, or why, if these exiles were s0 totally harmless, provide for military protec- tion, or why, if there was to be no penal restraint, no penal restrictions, no penal discipline, provide for penal establishments ? (Hear, hear.) Then members might say that they could not go back to the former state of things, but he found (and he took disgrace to himself for it) that the law of the colony authorising the punishment of the last four various offences committed by convicts was still unrepealed and appeared still a mark of disgrace, on the colonial statute book. It had been said that the extent to which these barbarous punish- ments had been resorted to was exaggeratcd, but he thought anybody who would search the annals of convict punishment in this colony, would feel that all he had heard sank into in- significance before the actual and recorded facts. He found in the month of September, 1843, two years after convictism had ceased, that in twenty-four days 3000 lashes were inflicted at Hyde Park, and the act under which this inhuman and degrading amount of punish- ment was inflicted, was still unrepealed. The supporters of this system might say that the lash and the chain-gang could never be tolerated again. He (Mr. Nichols) warned them that if they could tolerate the system again, which called these accessories of it into operation, they would have it with all its evils and all its horrors. Men who could consent to enrich themselves on the degradation caused by the crimes of their fellow creatures would not bo so tender-hearted as to be frightened from their spoil by the sound of the lash, or the apparition of a ehain-gang. (Cheers.) Another great evil attendant on this system and to which he would beg to call the particular attention of the House, was the effect it had upon population. He found that the effect of this system in former years had, excepting as regarded external increase, been to keep the population of the colony. In the paper already alluded to, drawn up by Mr. Heath, and laid before the Transportation Committee of the House of Commons, he found the following statement and calculations: In comparing this result with what has actually been done by transportation, mixed as it has been with free emigration, we are unable to exhibit perfectly accurate results, from not having a full account of the numbers, free and convict, who have arrived in New South Wales during the whole period, from the commencement of the colony. Wc may, however, safely assert that the whole population, at the end of 1833, was actually less than the number of persons who had so arrived. The whole population was at that time 60,704. Now we have in the census of 1828 the number of persons then living who had come free to the colony, 1673 ; number of free immigrants from then to the end of 1833, 6021 ; number of convicts transported into that settlement between the years 1795 and 1810 inclusive (at least, making allowance for those removed to Van Diemen's Land, 6000; number of convicts between 1825 and 1833 inclusive, 25,822;. Making a total of 42,515. To this total must be added, besides the free immi- grants who died before 1828, the convicts transported between 1788, the commencement of the settlement, and 1794, inclusive, and those transported between 1811 and 1821, both inclusive. If we suppose 200 or 300 a year to have been transported in the first of these pe- riods, and 1200 or 1500 a year in the second, the latter of which suppositions is probably under the truth, we shall get some thousands more immigrants than the population amounted to in 1833. In the very early times of the colony it may be sup- posed that the increase of population was checked by the hardships the new colony had to endure. If, how- ever, we commence our calculation from 1822, when the number of souls in the colony was 24,188, and its free- dom from want was secure, we get very nearly the same result. The ascertained number of immigrants of one class or another from that time up to the end of 1833 is 34,739, to which is to be added the convicts transported in 1823 and 1824, which would give a total of at least 61,000 or 62,000, the actual number being, as above stated, 60,794. Some part of this result is to be accounted for by the return of some small portion of tbe convicts after the expiration of their sentence; the main cause, however, is undoubtedly the great dispro- portion of the sexes, and the dissipated habits and broken constitutions of the generality of the convicts. It would seem, therefore, a very moderate assertion to say, that if the money that has been expended on transportation had been applied to furthering a good system of emigration, the population of the Australian colonies would now be two or three times as great as it is; and what is of still more importance, it would be in a state of very rapid progression ; whereas it would, if now left to itself, increase by a few hundred souls only in the year. And now he would ask them to mark what follows : The population, then, of the colonies would, under a system of free immigration, have been very mnch greater, and in a state of much more rapid progress; and, as hitherto, the exports and imports and revenue have more than kept pace with any increase in the population, we may also conclude that the same pro- portion would still have held ; and that the wealth of the colonies would at the same time be much greater and more rapidly increasing even than it now is, unless a system of free emigration be supposed less adapted to the production of wealth than one of forced labour. Why then should they not give this great system of immigration a fair trial, since by it and it alone did there appear to be a chance of peopling the colony, and of themselves supplying that labour which they were now anxious to obtain even in its most degraded form from other countries, and he took it the statistical facts to which he had adverted showed clearly that transportation even in the settlement of a state was a great evil, as it impeded the due and natural progression of population. But the hon. member for Camden, and those who acted with him proposed to remedy this evil by making a bargain with the Secretary of State. They were to have three immigrants for every convict. Thus the supporters of the system were ready to barter away the character of the country for gold. So long as they could get labour, no matter how degrading its description, how detrimental its contact, they were willing to make terms with the necessities of the Eng- lish Minister. Let the British Government, say they, only distribute its wealth among them, and they might take away their cha- racter as much as they choose. They might cast their dirt, their infamy, upon these shores, if with them they shovelled ont a portion of their riches. Sorry, indeed, was he to see the honorable and learned member for Sydney enrol his name to such a contract. He remem- bered in the earlier days of the honorable and learned member, he wrote a poem on his native country, the stanzas of which had become almost household words among the youth of the colony. In that poem were the two follow- ing lines : - And every sea her lovely bosom loves, Proclaims her Empress of the southern waves. But how could this land ever be Empress of the southern waves, with a stain attaching to her name that would sink her in the estimation of the nations of the earth, that would make her at once the prison and the scorn of the empire they belonged to? True, if this system were carried out, if this bargain were con- cluded, it might be the means of making them wealthy ; but if it would make him as rich as Croesus, he would refuse wealth at such a price. He could not sell the good name and reputation of his country for gold. But he again contended that with all the conditions with which the bargain was surrounded, utterly impracticable as many of them were, that convict labour would never make the co- lony rich. It was impossible that it should in these times bring to the country the pe- cuniary advantages it formerly offered. The Governor of the colony could not now, as in the days of Governor Macquarie, draw, as he pleased, on the Home Government for his £100,000, or £200,000, for the maintenance or employment of these convicts. Such drafts would not be accepted. They had the example of South Australia before them ; and, as with her little bills on the English Treasury, any such drafts would be returned to this colony burdened with the cost of the exchanges. Besides, he protested altogether against making any bargain with Earl Grey. He had deceived them once, and he might deceive them again. Supposing he was to enter into a contract with a merchant in London to send him one bale of inferior goods and two bales of superior goods, and pay him for them, and on the fulfilment of the contract the merchant was to send out the bale of inferior goods only -would he not say that the merchant was a vagabond and a cheat, and refuse ever after to have any dealings with him? (Cheers.) And why, if they would act in this way in regard to a mercantile transaction, should they hesitate to adopt the same principle with regard to Earl Grey,- he had cheated them in the same manner. He had broken faith with them. They had contracted with him to send out one bale of inferior and damaged labour, and two bales of superior sort ; and he had sent only the damaged and inferior. He had sent them the exile and kept back the emigrant. (Cheers.) But it was not with them alone he had broken faith. He had promised Van Diemen's Land, ruined and degraded by the system he had imposed upon her, that no more convicts should be sent there ; but the moment his necessities began to impel him, he forgot his promise, and shiploads of convicts were de- spatched. What was there in mercantile transactions which required higher honour and stricter honesty than were necessary in poli- tical dealings ? Why should there be a greater observance of truth and justice with regard to individuals, than there was to nations ? Well might Lord Grey, for his treatment of these colonies, for the repeated breaches of faith of which he had been guilty, for his systematic indifference to any thing connected with his plighted word, be classed among that order of politicians who had been described by Mr. O'connell as "the base and bloody Whigs." From the time when he was connected with the administration of the affairs of the colony as Lord Howick, down to the present time, his career had been a faithless and dishonorable one to these co- lonies ; and he must say, he was surprised that his hon. and learned friend the member for Sydney, who had so often denounced his treachery, should now be prepared to trust him, or to enter into any bargain with him. A great deal had been said during this discussion about the morality of the system, and he thought a great deal of cant had been given vent to by hon. members in this respect. He believed that there were and always had been a great many very good and worthy people of this class in the colony. People who had not only become respectable themselves, but who had brought up their families in respectability also. Who had made it their chief pride to educate their families in the very best way the colony afforded, and who had even sent their sons home to England to the Universities, to enable them to receive an Education which should fit them to assume any position in their native country. And here again the patriotic exer- tions of Mr. Wentworth called for acknow- ledgment. Now they would soon be provided with a University, at which the youth of the colony could be educated here. No thanks of his (Mr. Nichols) could add to the satisfaction or the hon. and learned member, at the comple- tion of this great work; but he was afraid that he might by his vote on this question tarnish that fair fame which as yet shone so brightly, and give others the opportunity of sullying the patriotism which he (Mr. Nichols) believed to be so pure and so ardent. He found that if this system were introduced, many of the ad- vantages of the projected University would be lost. That the proud eminence to which it had a right to aspire, would not be attained, and that other institutions of a similar kind, but nurtured under more auspicious circumstances, would surpass it, and cast it into the shade. If this colony were made a convict colony, did they think that the gentlemen from India would come to settle here and send their sons to the University? Would the colonies of South Australia, of Port Phillip, and of New Zealand, send their youth here to be instructed in the University of Sydney, and polluted by its con- vict inhabitants? It was not to be expected that they would do so ; but he knew it would be argued that the pollution was not necessary, it was not inevitable. He was aware of the truth of this statement, and he had just ex- pressed his sense of the excellent character which many of this class had built for them- selves in the colony, and which had been main- tained in their families. But the name of the evil, without the real existence of it, the shadow without the substance, would be suffi- cient to frighten these people from us. It reminded them of the tale of the Quaker and his dog. The dog had been guilty of some delinquency, and was brought up before his master, the Quaker, who thus ac- costed him-" I will not slay thee-I will not break thy bones-I will not beat thee,-but I will give thee a bad name: -Oh, away;-mad dog." (Laughter and cheers.) So, with this colony,-it would be shunned, and hooted, and accursed like the Quaker's unfortunate dog. Would the sons of gentlemen from other colo- nies come to their University to be taunted with their criminals, and share in their bad name. (Hear, hear.) He would now proceed to advert to another evil, and one of the prin- cipal ones arising out of this system. It was an evil connected with their social state. All who had lived in the old convict times were well aware that in those days a great deal of ill feeling existed between class and class. The convicts looked upon the immigrants with jea- lousy, as intruders into a country which they considered was peculiarly appropriated to them- selves ; while the immigrant and free classes looked upon the convicts as a degraded people. Happily, these feelings had now altogether died away, and he trusted in God no vote of that Council would ever have the effect of bringing them back. The class distinctions thus given rise to, were not confined to the criminals themselves-the stain and seal of degradation was stamped on their sons and thus bitter hostilities were engendered between the native races. The system they proposed to adopt now would, he was persuaded, bring all these evils back upon them with redoubled force. The class of criminals which it was proposed to introduce here under the specious name of exiles would be far worse than those which were formerly sent here as convicts. Since that period the punishment of transpor- tation had been discontinued for all crimes except those accompanied with rapine and vio- lence, and with the associations which must cling to such men, the disagreements between the free man and the emancipist, the immigrant and the exile, would awake in all their pris- tine rancour. He know well that these feel- ings were participated in by men who were now the warmest advocates for the renewal of the system. Men who now had on their lips words of Christian charity to welcome these offenders, but who in the old times would not have walked in the same paddock with the son of an emancipist. There was no truth in this talk about reformation of the criminal, and the desire to make him reputable and comfortable. It was not to benefit the criminal, but to bene- fit themselves. They wanted, as it was but too easy to perceive from the speech of the honorable member for Northumberland, to be able to sit down in their stately man- sions, and look over their broad lands, and watch their hundreds of convict servants, and exclaim-" All, all is mine." (Hear, hear.) He would now proceed to say a word or two in answer to the observations of the honorable member for Northumberland, re- lative to the petitions which had been pre- sented to the Legislative Council on this sub- ject. He had talked about the lawyers and the apothecaries, and the schoolmasters, and the clergy, who had made speeches at meet- ings, and had assisted in getting up these petitions; and it might be that when he re- turned to his constituents he would find that they were not over well pleased with his re- marks. Perhaps the honorable member thought that when he had obtained these exiles he should luxuriate " in great clover" when he returned to his golden fleece ; but he doubted not the good people of Northumberland, the traders, the lawyers, the surgeons, and school- masters, would take good care that the hon. member should not again fleece them out of their votes. But he was not content with abusing the petitions of his own constituents, but he must needs have a rap at his (Mr. Nichol's.) The petition from Maitland was signed by 2000 persons, and did the honorable member gravely say that that was no test of the opinions of the people in that town as to this question ? The hon. member had also stated that the Sydney petition had been signed by a baby in arms. (Laughter.) He certainly should like very much to have a look at this precocious youth : for it must needs have been the deep importance of the question and the document he was signing that called his powers so prematurely into action. But he could tell the honorable member that the children in arms now would grow to youth, and from youth to manhood, and they will then look back with scorn and detestation on those who would have bartered away the liberties of their country. The question at issue, with re- spect to this labour, was perfectly well under- stood at home. The Home Government said they would send shiploads of convicts to this country if the colonists would receive them. The English people know well enough that degradation must accompany the reception of these convicts ; they knew, call them what they might, exiles or convicts, they dare not send them to Franco or America, or any other country. When the celebrated Dr. Franklin resisted the attempt to send more convicts to one of the states of America, he was told that the necessities of England obliged them to send them away, and that the state whose interests he was representing was a convict colony, and there- fore they must be sent there. Dr. Franklin said, in reply, that there were some noxious reptiles in the country, which they were anxious to get rid of; and in return for their cargoes of pri- soners, he would see if he could not send them a few cargoes of rattlesnakes (Hear, hear.) Now, he thought if they could find any thing they wanted to get rid of as dangerous, any thing that would answer the purpose of rattle- snakes in this matter, they had better pack a cargo or two of them off, in return for the exile ships which had been sent here. With regard to the right of England to send her criminals here, he would quote the following passage from the book he had already referred to several times : - The true mode of testing the soundness and propriety of our plan in sending our criminals to our colonies is, to put to ourselves the simple proposition- Could we send them to France or the United States ! We know full well that neither Frenchmen nor Americans would knowingly permit our convicts to be landed on their shores. Can we then take a freedom with a co- lony which we dare not with France or America? The auswer is clear and conclusive; and although it may be urgod that our colonies ought to receive criminals from our shores, in consideration of other advantages bestowed, yet we must admit the fact, that it is fearful to lay the foundations of a new community with the vices, crimes, and delinquencies of an old one. Banishment in some form for various classes of criminals cannot wholly be dispensed with, and experience alone will inform us the best mode of carrying that banishment into effect. Experience had informed them of the evils of the system, and of such advantages as it could be said to possess ; and from the results of that experience, the majority of the people had de- clared themselves against it, and said they would not have it again. The honorable mem- ber for Camden had introduced his amendment, proposing to receive these exiles, in a speech blending about as much clap-trap, and as much cant, as it had ever been his misfortune to hear. It was, in fact, a mere sermon that he had preached to them, on the necessity of their receiving these con- victs, both for the sake of Great Britain, and for the reformation of the convict. He had indeed tried very hard to prove to them that exileism was not convictism, that it was not transportation, that it was not slavery. He must say, in spite of all the efforts and all the eloquence of the hon. member, to make out his case, he must say that he thought he had most miserably failed ; and he (Mr. Nichols), would prefer to take Lord Brougham's definition of what these exiles where,-to which he should have to advert presently. But it was argued by the hon. and learned member for Sydney, and the hon. member for Camden, that whe- ther they liked it or not, they would still have these criminals poured in upon them from the north and from the south. If then the hon. member for Camden's estate was partially inundated from a swamp on the south, and a swamp on the north, would he throw it open to the sea, in order that the waves might sweep over it. He believed there was no truth in this bugbear which had been raised up to frighten them into the Minister's terms. He was satis- fied that the fairly expressed opinions of that House and of the colony at large, backed as they were by the opinions of Port Phillip, the presence of the members of which province was an honour to themselves, and entailed on this colony a debt of gratitude to them which he trusted would never be forgotten. Backed also by the firm protest of Van Diemen's Land and South Australia -would have their full weight in the British House of Commons, and if they only persevered in their efforts, they might be confident that ere long they might be able to sweep back the tide of convictism from the Australasian group of colonies. (Cheers.) He was sure that backed as they would be by the people of England, the Impe- rial Government dare not dismember this colonial empire; and he was, he repeated, quite confident that the day was rapidly approaching when the Australasian colonies would none of them be made the receptacle of this infamy. He trusted the advent of that day was at hand, for he hailed it as the precursor of an era of prosperity to these colonies. The result would be that Great Britain would have to put her hand into her pocket and send out to all these colonies a large number of emigrants at her own expense-she must learn to prevent crime by relieving pauperism-not the relief afforded by poor laws and unions, but by sending her starving masses from a land of misery and wretchedness, to countries of comfort and abundance. One of the great evils in this convict system had been forcibly pointed out by a farmer, a countryman and friend of his, at the late Parramatta meeting. At that meeting, Mr. Pye said, that the greatest evil of the system had been that it had prevented the labour of the country being made available. (The native youth would not follow the occupations in which they had seen con- victs employed ; and although they were mostly brought up to some trade, and generally speaking were skilful tradesmen, yet when they finished their apprentice- ship they would not work, but lived upon their families. The same thing prevailed in the slave States of America, where the native white population would not condescend to fol- low any employment in which slave labour was ordinarily used. In this colony, if a native youth went into employment as a servant, and was told to clean his master's boots, it was more than probable that he would fling them in his master's face. They had not been taught to work -they were not accustomed to the steady habits of discipline which made good workmen ; the force of bad example had had its effect upon them, and the traces of it were not worn out yet. Now as to the exiles, he would beg to read to the House, Lord Brougham's opinions with regard to them, as expressed in the debate in the House of Lords on the Secondary Punishment Bill. Lord Brougham said- But as to the exile, on that part of the subject I have no doubt. I can't conceive it possible that in 1847 we are to be restoring the old and entirely exploded and abandoned punishment of the Scotch law-the punish- ment of banishment forth out of Scotland-which, even in the time of Sir George Mackenzie, was denounced by that authority as a barbarous and inhuman practice -inhuman it was to send your convict population to your neighbours; and impolitic, for it was a game which two could play at, and your neighbours could send you their convicts in return. (Hear, and a laugh). Such was the view of the earliest writer upon the sub- ject, and Mr. Allison, tbe latest, is of a similar opinion, for he says that the Density in question is an exploded punishment, and one only fit for an infant state of society and legislation. Now, I am fully of Mr. Allison's opinion. For let us consider for a moment how the system would work. As soon as the time of penal labour is over would come into operation that part of the sentence which would send the convict abroad. But it is said that this is not to be made a part of the punishment. Well, but is he to be allowed to go abroad or stay at home, just as he pleases? If he must go abroad, that necessity is just as much part of the punishment as it is part of the sentence. He is to be com- pelled to go. He may say, " As it is not part of the punishment I shall not go." " Oh, but," say you, "al- though it is not part of the punishment, you must go." " Oh, then," says he, "If I must go, it is part of the punishment." (Hear, and laughter.) Why, the same principle might just as well be attempted to be applied to the punishment of death. We might say to the culprit, " Mind this is no punishment, we are only going to remove you." (Laughter.) It is just as a surgeon might say to a patient of amputation. It is all a question of removing. (Laughter.) In the latter case it is of removing a limb-in the former of removing a head. (Continued laughter.) You might say, " We are only going to remove your head-It is no punish- ment " (Laughter.) So of this plan. " It is only exile;" you are only to be removed-it is no punishment; the exile is only compulsory." But after all, where are they to go to ? If they may go where they like, they may go to Calais. (Laughter.) It is the nearest place, only perhaps they will come back again. And how are you to prevent them from coming back next day-the Liverpool man from starting for London, the London man from betaking himself to Liverpool? You will hardly be able to keep them by force. But how will you be able to introduce them into France at all. Suppose a cargo of convicts arrived at Calais. The custom house officers come on board. " What have we here-what cargo, ham or bacon?" (Laughter.) ''Oh, no, convicts," "Convicts, indeed, what sort of goods are these?" Then the captain, mustering his best French, would explain that they were merely thieves, highway robbers, perjured persons, who had by the infraction of all sorts of duties at home become liable to an importation duty abroad. (Laugh- ter.) The only fear is, that France would put on a prohibitory duty at once. The authorities would say " Oh, you can't come here without passports, and we shan't give you any." Or, at all events, were they to be admitted, it would be on the reciprocity principle (Laughter.) If we send our convicts there, we must expert them to send their convicts here-a process, which will by no manner of means inerease the benefits and advantages of the entente cordiale. (Loud laugh- ter.) I have no doubt but that on further consideration this part of the plan will not be adhered to. You may preach to the end of time to the French ; you may say " These men have certainly been ruffians, but they have as certainly ceased to be so,"-and you will still be an- swered thus : "How do you know that? They are probably just as bad as ever." " No, no," you will re- join, "they come with excellent certificates from the chaplain of Pentonville, (laughter), vouching from their reformation ; they have earned I know not how many of my friend Captain Maconochie's marks ; you may safety take them, they are most excellent worthy peo- ple." " But," says the Mayor of Calais, "if they are such excellent, worthy people, why won't you keep them yourselves? (Laughter.) We don't want them. We have plenty of excellent worthy people of the same description. We have numbers in every rank of crime, and every degree of reformation and improvement, therefore keep your good people on your side of the water, and we will keep our good people on ours." (Hear, and laughter.) Really the scheme will not bear serious investigation. Now he thought this opinion of Lord Brougham ought to carry with it as much weight as that of the honorable member for Camden; and it proved to him that exiles were just as bad as convicts. Mr. Martin in the course of his speech, read from a newspaper an article which, as the hon. member had attributed it to Mr. Lowe, he supposed had been written by that learned gentleman. That article con- tained a defence of the convict system, and visited several severe strictures on the oppo- nents of it. The hon. member had quoted this article not only to support his own views, but also to show the inconsistency of Mr. Lowe, who became afterwards one of the most determined oppo- nents of the system. But, he asked, was it wonderful that Mr. Lowe, who it was well known in his speeches, in his writings, and his votes, changed his opinions every day, should turn round on this question ; and he wondered that any article of his should have been quoted as an authority on this occasion. As had been said of him by Mr. Wentworth, "the principle of the man's life was change." What credit could be given to his opi- nions, when he on the hustings avowed that he took his part in the Transportation Report and afterwards recanted from the opinions that report expressed. He should now proceed very briefly to examine this Report, and he must express his regret that such a document should have been drawn up by his hon. and learned friend the member for Sydney. It certainly was not conceived, nor was the subject approached in that broad, straight- forward, statesman-like manner, which gene- rally characterised the particular views of the hon. and learned member. He imagined from some passages in the Report, that it must have been smuggled into the House, or, he doubted, so far from adopting it, whether the House, had they at that time been aware of its con- tents, would have consented to its being printed. It certainly was brought in on the last day of the session, and laid upon the table when the ladies, who had come to see his Excellency prorogue the Council, were in the House, and perhaps it might be the gallantry of the hon. members which kept them from dividing. (Hear, and laughter.) He would first see the materials of which the Committee was composed, and he could not say whether it was balloted for or selected, certainly if the latter, it had all the appearance of being pretty well packed. The opinions of the majority of the members on this subject were pretty well known. They were as follows-Mr. Wentworth (chairman), there was no doubt as to his views ; Mr. Dan- gar, about whose opinion there could be no mistake; Mr. Macarthur, whose views were also known to be favourable to a resumption of transportation ; the Colonial Secretary, who, he believed, had taken no part in the proceed- ings of the Committee ; Mr. Windeyer, who, he believed, was at first favourable to the Re- port, and afterwards gibbed ; Mr. Robinson, a well known transportationist; Mr. Bland, a well known transportationist ; Mr. Lowe, a transportationist of to day, and an anti-trans- portationist of to-morrow ; Mr. Foster, a large squatter ; and Captain O'Connell, also a squat- ter. From this it would be seen that Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Dangar, Mr. Macarthur, Mr. Robinson, and Dr. Bland, were on the Com- mittee, thus forming a majority of well-known transportationists. And what was the first act that this notable Transportation Committee did ? They met and passed the following re- solution? : - Moved by Mr. Windeyer, seconded by Mr. Dangar, That in the opinion of this Committee, it is not expe- dient to take any evidence at this late period of the session, as to the question in Mr. Gladstone's letter now under consideration, whether " a modified and carefully regulated introduction of convict labourers," or a re- newal of transportation, will be in accordance with the general sense of the colonists or not, and that it is less necessary on our part to enter upon this branch of the enquiry, as we feel that we possess sufficient knowledge to answer the question, without going into any evidence. Passed unanimously. They had all heard of Lord Bacon's aphorism that knowledge is power, and certainly these gentlemen on the committee, having a pretty accurate knowledge of each other's views, had the power to carry them into effect. Having then secured the power by means of their knowledge, they proceeded to exercise both faculties ; and he would now refer to the list of witnesses they did examine, although they would examine none as to what was the opinion of the colonists with regard to the re- newal of transportation. That came within the knowledge they possessed, however small it might be, and the result showed the truth of the old adage, that a little knowledge was a dangcons thing. The witnesses examined were Alexander Sprott Esq., a squatter, and in favour of transportation ; John Dobie, Esq., Thomas Barker, Esq., Leslie Duguid, Esq., Major J. Childs, John Robertson Nowlan, Esq., Timothy Nowlan, Esq., Charles D. Logan, Esq., one of the Boyd party ; Colonel Barney, Joseph Phelps Robinson, another of the Boyd party ; William Augustus Miles, Esq., Benjamin Boyd, Esq., Edward Smith Hall, Esq., Joseph Long Innes, Esq., Thomas Ryan, Esq., of the Convict Establishment, and Mr. David Burn. It was unnecessary for him to go into the evidence of any of these witnesses. Their names would sufficiently attest what their opinions on this subject were,-and would clearly show that all the evidence taken by the committee was on one side. With such witnesses as these, worked as they were, no doubt by the skill of a cross examiner so able as the hon. and learned chair- man, who could lead them up to almost any- thing. No wonder their evidence should go to bear with the statements of the Report. Then even the documents appended to the Report amongst which he found was a petition to her Majesty and the Imperial Parliament of Great Britain for the continuance of transportation and assignment, adopted at a public meeting of the colonists, held in February, 1839, and why he should ask, were not the petitions opposed to transportation, presented in October, IS tG, appended to the petition ! Why were not these petitions printed and appended to the Report and sent home ? The Council indeed would not print the petitions, although it is true they were sent home, and in some measure counteracted the Report which was sent. There were no thanks due to the Transportation Com- mittee for it. It must be borne in mind that if they received these exiles, they would receive them without any of the advantages with which they were associated in former years. They would have no Commissariat ex- penditure, and even if they had, they had sufficient experience in the example of the sister colony to know that the expenditure would not create wealth even in Van Diemen's Land- where the Commissariat expenditure was nearly £1000 a-day-the country was ruined. Estates were sold there at a ruinous loss, produce and stock were with- out value, and the cuuntry remained unculti- vated and unimproved in spite of the super- abundance of labour. It was said that the colony of Van Diemen's Land was too con- fined for the reception of convicts, and it was urged that in New South Wales they could be dispersed over a vast extent of terri- tory. Sorry should he be to see these poor creatures sent into the interior-entrusted to the tender mercies of their employers and the magistrates there. He knew something of the working of the old system, and what had oc- curred before would without doubt occur again. Besides, the same thing would occur, which was one great evil of the old transportation system. The immigrants would not work with the convicts. What prospect, then, was there in this country that these convicts would be of pecuniary benefit to the colony ? Van Diemen's Land, with the finest climate and most fertile soil almost in the world, was only half culti- vated. The inhabitants of the richer class had fine estates, quantities of forced labour, and after all were tis poor ns beggvrs. For his own part, he thought it a good thing that they, in that colony, had felt the lesson of adversity, that they had become a little poorer than they used to be-or an oligarchy of wealth would have been established most dangerous to the freedom of the country. He did not wish to see any class assert an influence which was up- held by nothing better than possessions and wealth. It was not his millions of acres, nor his hundreds of convicts, nor having his thousand pounds at his com- mand, that made one man better, more respectable, or more noble than the poor but sternly honest, upright, and conscientious man who earned his own living by the sweat of his brow. There was one other fact to which he wished to allude, and that was the effect this system had had on his unhappy countrymen, for countrymen they were, though differing in colour-the aborigines. This un- happy race had for years been gradually dis- appearing, and now were seldom to be seen in the remote districts of the colony. They knew of many outrages that had occurred, of mas- sacres committed by the convicts on these na- tives. One instance in particular, which must be familiar to almost every member of that House, must illustrate fearfully the deplorable results which were liable to ensue from the contact with the blacks, with men of such wild and lawless habits as these. At the massacre which took place at the Namoi, a number of the blacks were butchered, and it was said, and he believed the proofs, though not strong enough to ensure a conviction, were sufficient to put at rest all moral doubt, that the convict servants who committed that atrocity were instructed and encouraged to do so by their masters. They had heard from the honorable member for Nor- thumberland, and the honorable member for Camden, of the Christian duty they had to per- form in receiving men. Had they done their duty as Christian men towards these unfortu- nate and helpless wretches, when they turned these hardened criminals into their wilds to hunt them down and destroy them? (Cheers.) The ruffians who slaughtered the blacks, as he had before said, were insti- gated to the deed by the masters, who, when they were taken and brought to justice, deserted them ; and saw them unmoved led to the gal- lows-to expiate their fearful crimes. Was this the Christian state of things that hon. members wished again to introduce among them ? What was the state of crime then ? He found that in two years under the convict system the number of convictions was 2116, while in 1849, with a population nearly trebled, some eight or nine years after transportation had ceased, there were only 1160 committals ; from the year 1835 to 1839 there were upwards of 250 capital convictions carried into effect. Was that the state of things they wished to see renewed ? He trusted not-he hoped this sys- tem had disappeared from the land never again to stain the page of its history with its tales of rapine and bloodshed. (Cheers.) If in the course of the observations he had felt it his duty to make, he had let fall ought of unkind- ness or disrespect to any one, he most sincerely regretted it. Many of the topics he had touched upon were very painful ones ; but he felt he had a duty to his country to perform, and he could not shrink from it, Mr. Macarthur had com- pared the position he stood in to that of Mr. Canning, who said he courted not the popula- rity which was changeful and fleeting. He (Mr. Nichols) replied in the words of Lord Mansfield I love popularity as well as any one, but it is that popularity which follows, not that which is sought after. He sought no popularity except that which was based on the justice of his acts. He wanted not the applause of the multitude ; and he was as indignant as any man at the dastardly attack which had been made on his hon. and learned friend the member for Sydney the night before. He saw that outrage, and he was ready with any poor ability he might possess to defend him from it. It was not to be borne that he, the tried friend of his country, her greatest benefactor and greatest glory, should be insulted by a cowardly rab- ble in the conscientious discharge of his duty to his country. He had no sympathy with men like these, who forgot all that gratitude ought to dictate to them. They must recol- lect that if they now lived in a land of liberty instead of a land of tyranny and oppression, it was owing to his talents, to his exertions, to his patriotism. He felt this as sincerely as any one ; and if in the observations he had made he had said anything which had pained him, he asked his forgiveness for it. It was not for himself he cared in this question ; whether exiles came or not, he should not suffer much by them ; but he did care for those who were growing up around him. And he did hope even now, at the last hour, his hon. and learned friend would withdraw his opposition to the resolutions of Mr. Lamb. He would not have one blot on the escutcheon of his greatness-he would not that in after years any one should have any excuse for saying "Here lies the renegade who sold his country for gold." He hoped that even now he might cast from him the opinions, and spurning from her shores all taint of this convict iniquity, make that country he had served so long, and loved so well Great, glorious, and free, First flower of the earth, and first gem of the sea. (The hon. member sat down amidst much cheering.) Mr. DANGAR begged to say a few words in explanation with reference to certain re- marks which had fallen from the hon. mem- ber on the Northumberland boroughs. That hon. gentleman had referred to a certain mas- sacre in the northern district, stating his belief that the men who perpetrated that heinous offence were urged on by their masters, and referring to the recollection of the honorable and learned Attorney-General to bear out his assertion. Now, he (Mr. Dangar) was the master of one of the unfortunate men who suf- fered for the crime ; and he would take that opportunity of informing the hon. member and this House that he had never urged any man of his to deal with the aborigines in such a manner. He had no communication what- ever with this man. Nor did he, in fact, be- lieve that any master would urge his men to commit any such cold-blooded and atrocious act. That massacre had been, on that day and other occasions, alluded to, in his opinion, most unnecessarily. Fifteen years had passed away since this crime was committed, and it was time the discussion of such an act should be dropped. Mr. NICHOLS stated that he had never en- tertained the most distant idea of alluding to the honorable member for Northumberland. He had never even had the honorable member in his thoughts in connection with the mas- sacre alluded to. It was another individual to whom he meant his remarks to apply. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : When they looked at the government benches and saw that his honorable friends the officers of go- vernment with whom he so cordially acted on most occasions, were not in their places, it must be evident to the House that these gen- tlemen did not mean to take any part in the present discussion. It was indeed very well understood that his honorable friend the Colonial Secretary did not intend to take part in the discussion, either as the organ of the government or as an individual member of the House. It became him therefore to state to the House the reasons which had induced him to adopt on this occasion a course different from that of his brother officers. It was an imperative sense of duty alone which had urged him to take a part in this discussion. The question at issue was undoubtedly the most important one which the House had been called upon to decide, not only as to its present character, but as to its after effects. ( Hear, hear.) The sub- ject matter of these ordinary deliberations were Bills which might be readily amended, or re- solutions which might with equal readiness be rescinded, or which, compared with the reso- lutions at present under discussion, were of a very minor importance. If in their divisions upon the estimates a reduction was made in , any of the public estab- lishments, the Government might be put to a temporary difficulty, and the honorable gentlemen's opposition might exult over a temporary triumph ; but the diffi- culty and the triumph soon passed away and were forgotten. But the subject under discus- sion was one of a very different description. When he reflected that the discussion of this question was one which would fix the cha- racter and direct the fate of the country for ages. When he reflected that the interests of millions yet unborn depended upon the conclu- sion to which they might then come; he felt bound to give the country, in the government of which he was so long an officer, the benefit of his opinion and of his vote. (Hear, hear.) When the noble lord whose despatch had given rise to this discussion asked for the opinion of the country, he meant what he said. There was not in the despatch the slightest attempt at coercion, or the slightest intention of such a desire. The decision of this House bring demanded, it was his own opi- nion that every member was bound to give his vote upon this question. Although not an elected representative of the people, he had always considered it a part of his duty, as a member of that House, to look to the good of the whole colony. (Hear, hear.) His duties were in this respect co-extensive with jurisdic- tion of the Governor under whom he had the honour to serve. Their poet Young had said that "an indevout astronomer must be mad." The meaning of the poet undoubtedly was, that no man in his right mind could contemplate the stupendous works of the Almighty, so frequently and so closely as an astro- nomer was in the habit of doing, must be out of his senses if he failed to recognise the Power and Majesty of the Divine Creator. In like manner he would say (he said it not irreverently) that the man who could fill the office of publie prosecutor in New South Wales for eighteen years, without having his eyes thoroughly opened to the evils of transportation must be mad indeed. (Hear, hear.) For eighteen years, except during the time that he had been once absent from the colony on leave of absence, all the committals for the Supreme Court and Quarter Sessions had passed through his hands ; and the greater number of the prisoners so committed had been prosecuted by himself. This being the case, he might be said to have lived and moved for eighteen years in a daily contemplation of the crimes which had during that period been com- mitted throughout the colony. (Hear.) It was not his intention to follow the example of other honorable members who hnd alluded to the state of the country before the cessation of transportation. Those immigrants who came to the country before it so ceased, came there with their eyes open. They knew that they were going to a country which was the recep- tacle of criminals, and could not expect, there- fore, to find an absence of crime. Up to that time, and guided by these views, all who knew must be aware that he had used his most strenuous exertions to procure for the convicts strict justice. (Hear, hear.) He lent his efforts to have them governed by law and not by caprice, as had too often been the case. (Hear, hear.) He joined heart and hand in the endeavours of Sir Richard Bourke to so modify the law as to restrain those who might still be disposed to govern and to punish the convict according to the dictates of caprice alone. Acting upon the same views, he had upheld the sacred rights of those who had obtained their freedom, and who, if they had gone to England, would have been as free as any man who trod the soil of that free and noble country. He had always maintained that these persons were entitled to be placed in exactly the same position as all other free colonists. He therefore proposed to place upon the jury lists those who, after serving their terms of punishment, had proved by their good character, by their reformed lives, and by the respectability in which they were training the families springing up around them, had proved their worthiness to exercise this trust. This jury question was for a long period of time a party question. The honorable member for Camden, among others, hnd contended that admission of emancipists upon juries, not only would be likely to lead to an encouragement of crime, but he stated in his book that it had that effect. Whenever he (the Attorney General) had an opportunity he had always corrected the misrepresentation ; for a misre- presentation it really was, although of course unintentional on the part of that honorable member. He did not know from whence the honorable member drew his conclusions, for he had never seen that gentleman in a Criminal Court in his life. Perhaps he might have at- tended a Court of Quarter Sessions occasion- ally ; but in this way he could have derived but little information. He (the Attorney General) had said in the old Council, and he would repeat it there, that before 1840 he had not seen half a dozen verdicts of acquittal with which he did not concur. Better verdicts, on the whole, he was sure were not given even in the mother country than in this colony. (Hear.) Those gentlemen who opposed him in reference to this question, had in former days failed, how- ever, to assist himself and others in purging this jury list of persons whose names were a disgrace to it. Up to 1840, when transporta- tion ceased, he had conceived it his peculiar duty to see that justice was fairly and equitably administered in the control and punishment of convicts, and to obtain a full measure of political freedom for those who had been in this capacity, but had served out their periods of punishment. Up to the present time no one had ever heard him institute a comparison between the emancipist and the free class. (Hear, hear.) He had always looked upon this class distinction as a great evil, and it had in fact been the cause of much heart burn ¡ng among all classes. If transportation was resumed, it would not be one of its least evils that it would have the effect of reviving those feelings which had slept for so many years. He would not, as he had said before, refer to the state of the colony before 1840. Crime to a vast extent prevailed during that period; but it was not necessary for the purposes of his argument that he should give any details respecting this crime. He would only refer them generally to a charge delivered by Mr. Justice Burton, in the year 1835, which was published in Mr. Macarthur's book:- In 1838, there had been one hundred and thirty five capital convictions: on sixty-nine sentences of death had been passed: forty- five of those capital convictions, and fifteen of these sentences of death had taken place ? his judicial responsibility. In 1834, one hundred and forty-eight capital convictions, in eight-three of which sentence of death had been passed: forty-eight of which convictions, and thirty-six of which sentences had been before himself. In 1835, one-hundred and sixteen ca- pital convictions, and seventy-one sentences to order death; fifty-six of which convictions had taken place before him, and twenty- eight of which sentences he had passed. In addition to which sentence there are thirty-three prisoners who have been capitally convicted, waiting for sentence. Whether death might be re- corded or passed upon then, the number of capital convictions was a feature sufficiently striking in the administration of justice in this colony; for it was to be remarked, that capital punishment had been taken away from several offences, such as forgery, cattle-stealing, stealing in a dwelling house above the value of £3, (those fruitful sources of capital convictions in former times) ever since the 1st of August, 1823 so that those which had taken place since that time, were all crimes of violence, murder, rape, robbery, burglary, maliciously stabbing, shooting and wounding, and offences of similar character. This was a true picture of the state of the colony, and of the convictions which took place during the period alluded to. But while the country was a mere penal colony, it was not surprising that crime should be prevalent; and as he had before remarked, those who come to the colony at a time when felons were sent there, must have expected to find that the community was not a very moral one. Those who came since 1840, however, came to New South Wales, not as a penal country, but as a free country. Upwards of 100,000 it had been stated by various speakers had come to the country since 1840. Those per- sons had come upon a clear understanding that transportation to New South Wales was never again to be resumed in any shape. He had reason, in fact to know that of those who had arrived in the colony during this period, thou- sands would not have cause at all if they had had the slightest ground for suspecting that transportation would be again revived. The fact was probably well known to the noble Lord who now called for their decision upon this question. The very fact of his calling for such a decision was, in effect, to consult the people who had arrived under this understand- ing. To admit that convicts could not be sent unless they were willing to receive them, and to ask them whether they were really willing to do so or not. No doubt, the Secretary of State would abide by the de- cision of that house, taking its votes as the decision of the people. It had been stated by the last speaker and others, that the Secretary of State had broken faith with the colony, and that upon this account he was not again to be trusted. It was clear that the honorable gen- tleman who had made this assertion could not have read the despatches already alluded to, or if he had read them, must not have paid sufficient attention to their terms and effect. All the despatches showed that good faith had been kept throughout by the Minister. It must, however, have been impossible for his Lordship to gather the real opinions of the Council, owing to the management of those who conducted the pro transportation move- ment. The Report of the Committee, smuggled into the Council as it was, had nevertheless been circulated at home, as if it had passed the Council. Then again there was the expan- sion of opinion which had proceeded from the Council on the subject of exiles. Under all these circumstances the Minister was justified in assuming that there had been a change of opinion in the colony upon this subject. It had been said Earl Grey had broken faith by sending convicts without completing the other part of the bargain upon which the Council had consented to the reception of these men. But what was the fact. The noble Earl did not deny the bargain, nor did he seek to repudiate it. What he said was, as appears in the despatch already alluded to that it was not in the power of the Government, at that moment, to complete the conditions, but that it was in- tended to do so as soon as possible. His lordship's words were,- The late period of the year at which your despatch has been received, and the approaching termination of the ?, render it impossible that Her Majesty's Go- vernment should now apply to Parliament for any event for the purpose of sending free emigrants to New South Wales, in consideration of the consent of the colony again to receive convicts from this country. Indepen- dently also of the period of the year, the present finan- cial circumstances of the country oppose a difficulty which I cannot hope will be removed by the com- mencement of the next session, to our applying to Pun- ishment for any grant for this object. Under these cir- cumstances my first impression was that it would be necessary to abandon altogether the idea of sending our convicts to New South Wales as I readily acknow- ledge that after what has already taken place upon the subject, Her Majesty's Government cannot, without the consent of the colonists refuse to provide for the con- veyance of an equal number of free emigrants, if con- victs are to be sent at all to New South Wales. Here was a clear recognition of the right of New South Wales to insist upon a compliance with the bargain alluded to. His lordship then went on to say: - But upon a further consideration of your despatch, and of th information which has reached me from various sources as to the urgent want of labour in the colony, and as to the great usefulness, as labourers, of convicts who have been previously trained under the system of punishment now adopted in this country. I have been led to the conclusion that the colonists of New South Wales would prefer, to the entire abandon- ment of the measure proposed, receiving a moderate number of convicts, even unaccompanied by an equal number of free emigrants, sent out without charge to the colony. As so much delay would be occasioned in sending to the colony labourers who are urgently wanted, if I were to wait for an answer to this despatch before any measure for carrying this arrangement into effect were adopted, I propose at once advising Her Majesty to revoke the Order in Council by which New South Wales was made no longer a place for receiving convicts under sentence of transportation. There could be no doubt that the representa- tions alluded to proceeded from Mr. Scott, the Parliamentary Agent of that Council. There was no breach of faith, therefore, on the part of the Minister. There was an inability to perform at the time the conditions which had been stipulated for; but in consequence of the urgent solicitations of Mr. Scott, and the ex- ertions of those in the Boyd interest, to get labour sent to the colony on any terms, these men were sent at once. There could be no doubt that the bargain would be adhered to to the letter. The Secretary of State would doubtless even yet obtain a Parliamentary vote to enable him to perform his part of the contract. As the Secretary of State had committed no breach of faith, so he had laid no trap for the Council. He had put before them a broad proposition, he had asked them to say whether they would have convicts or not. He believed that this proposition was made in per- fect good faith, and it was because he believed this, that he conceived it his duty not only to state his own opinions upon this question, but to give them his evidence as to the working of the system in times past. (Hear, hear. ) He would give the House some statistics as to the proportion of crime among those who had been originally transported, to its proposition among those who had never been in this position. For the purposes of his argument he should divide the population into two classes. Those who were native bom or who had arrived free in the colony, he should term the free classes; and those who had been originally transported, he should term the transported classes. According to the census of 1846, the relative proportions of the two classes were in round numbers as one to four of the transported class; the free classes having attained a majority to this extent. Now, according to the census of 1846, a just propor- tion of crime to each class, if the moral stand- ing of both classes were equal, would be as one crime committed by one of the transported class to three of the free class. that is, out of one hundred criminals twenty-five only ought to belong to the transported class, and seventy- five to the free class. They all knew, how- ever, that the number of immigrants had greatly increased since 1846, while those of the transported class must necessariy have become less. The 1600 of this convict class, therefore, which had been added to the population, would not in reality diminish the proportion in which the free classes exceeded the others. It would be under the mark, then recollecting the in- crease in the immigrant population since the last census, to assume that the proportion was now as twenty of the transported class to eighty of the free class. Of every hun- dred of the population then there would be eighty of the free class to twenty of the transported class. Bearing these proportions in mind, he would refer them to certain returns which he had, and which would show a very different proportion in this amount of crime among the two classes to that which would appear, if the statistics of crime were in proportion to the statistics of the popu- lation. He would be much under the mark in stating that the proportion in one hundred con- victions, would exceed sixty of the transported class, to forty of the free class. (Hear, hear.) At the Sydney Quarter Sessions, in the year 1841, there were 464 persons tried, of which number 140 only were of the free class, and the remaining, that is, 249 free by servitude, and 75 convicts were of the transported class. In 1842, out of 581 persons tried 231 only were of the free class, the rest being 269 free by servi- tude, and 81 still convicts. In 1843, out of 536 persons tried, 244 only were of the free class, the remainder were 286 free by servitude, 36 bond. In 1844, out of 342 persons tried, 112 were of the free class, 208 emancipists, 22 bond. In 1845, out of 360 persons tried, to set off the whole cost of the third convict, besides the emancipists, 11 bond. In 1846, out of 335 persons tried, 153 were of the free class, 223 emancipists, 9 bond. In 1847, out of 331 persons tried 150 were of the free class, 167 emancipists, 14 bond; and in 1848, of 302 persons tried but 124 were of the free class. Since this period the returns as to the civil conditions of the prisoners tried were imper- fect, for as so long a period had elapsed since the cessation of transportation the clerks of the Bench, in Sydney particularly, had omitted in most cases to draw the distinction between those who had come free to the colony, or who had obtained their freedom by servitude. In the country districts the proportion of the trans- ported class to that among the free classes was still greater. At the Parramatta Quarter Sessions in the year 1841, out of 53 persons tried, there were but 16 of the free class. In 1842, out of 65 persons tried, 21 only were of the free class. In 1844, out of 127 tried, 22 only were of the free class. In 1845, out of 103 tried 32 were of the free class. In 1846, out of 94 tried, 23 were of the free class. In 1847, out of 100 tried, 31 were of the free class. In 1848, out of 88 tried, 17 were of the free class; and in 1849, out of 125 persons tried, there were only 57 of the free class. (Hear, hear.) It was plain, therefore, that the proportion had not been diminished by the advance of time. The additional number of trials at the Parra- matta Quarter Sessions since 1843 was owing principally to the abolition at the termination of that year of the Courts of Quarter Sessions at Windsor and Campbelltown. At the for- mer place the number of persons tried in 1841 was 84, out of whom 28 only were of the free classes. In 1842 there were 74 tried, out of whom 24 were of the free class; and in 1843 there were 56 tried, of whom 16 only were of the free class. At Campbelltown the number of persons tried in 1841 was 31, of whom eight only were of the free class; in 1842, of 43 per- sons tried, 12 only were of the free class; and in 1843, ou tof 73 persons tried, but 30 were of the free class. At the Berrima Quarter Ses- sions the proportion was still greater in favour of the free class. In the year 1841, out of 68 persons tried in that Court there were but three of the free classes (hear, hear.) In 1842, out of 73 tried but 12 were of the free class. In 1843, out of 84 tried 18 were of the free class. In 1844, out of 72 persons tried 15 were of the free class. In 1845, there were 53 persons tried of whom 16 only were of the free class. And in 1845 there was the same number of persons belonging to the free class out of 51 persons tried. It would be seen from these statistics that the proportion which he had estimated was very considerable in favour of the free classes. According to the Quarter Sessions returns it would be found that they had a greater share of the crime among them than he had stated (hear, hear.) But it was from the calendar of the Sydney Gaol during the last year that he had drawn the proportion which he had esti- mated. 1600 and odd prisoners had passed through that gaol, upwards of 1000 of those were of the transported class. If the amount of crime in these two classes had been equal, and had not exceeded the proportion of crime among the free classes to the numerical strength of that class, there would have been 1100 prisoners less in that gaol during the year, and there would of course have been a corresponding diminution of expense. But if there had not been a transported class mingled up among the free population, and necessarily exercising a contaminating influence, it was not probable that they would have had more than five or six hundred prisoners in the gaol during the entire year. The Assizes during the past year, as well as the state of the Metropolitan gaol, had proved that the same proportion in crime was still maintained. At Goulburn September Assizes there were nine of the transported class out of thirteen prisoners. At Bathurst, in February last, out of nineteen, fifteen were free by servitude; and at the last assizes of that place, out of twenty-two, there were thir- teen of the transported class. There were nine of the most heinous crimes-murder, man- slaughter, robbery with arms or violence, and stabbing-two only of these were of the free class. At the Assizes of Maitland, September, 1850, out of twenty-six, there were twenty one of the transported class; nine tried for murder, rape, robbery, and stabbing-two only of those were of the free class. At Brisbane Assizes, in May last-and he would call the special atten- tion of those in that district to the fact-out of eighteen on the calendar, there was only one of the free class-a native of the colony. Three soldiers were tried who were not on the calen- dar; one found guilty of assault, the other two acquitted. The only capital case was for mur- der, and both the prisoners were found guilty, and executed; one was a ticket-of- leave holder, who arrived by the Havering, in November or December last; the other was emancipated; and they murdered an unfortunate free shep- herd, who was on the same station, under cruel and atrocious circumstances. It was deserving of particular remark also, as had been noticed by the hon. member for Roxburgh, that nearly all the heinous offences were committed by persons of the transported class. Out of every nine cases of this description, there were not more than two committed by persons of the free class. (Hear, hear.) The state of the Bathurst Gaol, at the time of the last assizes, had been particularly enquired into, and it was found that, out of nineteen persons confined there under the Masters and Servants Act, and as rogues and vagabonds and incorrigible drunkards, there were but two of the free class, a fact worthy of particular attention on the part of those gentlemen who contended for the superiority of the description of labour now asked for. (Hear, hear.) It will be seen that, if there had been none of this transported class at Moreton Bay, there would have been but two cases for trial, that of the free person al- luded to, and that of the soldier. (Hear, hear.) Wth such a state of things existing after trans- portation had ceased for ten years, it would be scarcely prudent to renew it, unless the advo- cates for such renewal were prepared to con- trovert the facts he had alluded to, and to show that a relapse into convictism would not have the effect of rendering life and property inse- cure. (Hear, hear.) Not even, in a pecuniary point of view, would transportation yield the advantages which had been calculated upon. The loss of time and expense en- tailed upon free people in attending as witnesses, and as jurors at the trials of those men, and the expense to which the country was put for that coercion, would more than counterbalance any profits which could be ob- tained from their labour. If a debtor and cre- ditor account were made out, showing the profit and loss of the system, it would be found that free labour, upon any terms, would be far cheaper to the country than convict labour. (Hear, hear.) The statistics he had quoted were enough, he should think, to prove the assertion which he had made at the outset, as to the proportion of crime among these classes. But it was necessary for him also to state the proportion of crime among the free classes was even less than these returns would show. Many persons who appeared upon the records as free were found out afterwards to have been transported to Van Diemen's Land, or to have come as exiles to this colony. (Hear, hear.) With these circumstances before their eyes, - with a full knowledge that in the distant parts of the country, women and children were frequently attacked and illused in the open day by ruffians of this class; with a full con- sciousness that crimes of the latter description were even still very prevalent among men who had originally come to the colony as trans- ported offenders, how, he would ask, could honorable members by a revival of transporta- tion entail so vast an amount of misery upon the immigrant families who had come to the country since transportation ceased, and who would never have come to the country at all if they had not been assured that transportation to it had ceased for ever. He could relate to them, were it necessary, circumstances of atro- city which had been detailed in Courts of Jus- tine. He had heard relations in these courts from parents and relatives who had been plunged in misery by the brutality of some of those hardened villains, and whose misfortunes would have drawn tears from any sensitive hearer. (Hear, hear.) He had but one other set of statistics with which he would trouble the House. He had a return of the numbers convicted at the Supreme Court, and at the Circuit for the first six years after transportation ceased, and he would briefly state the result shown by this return. In the year 1841, there were thirty-seven persons of the free class convicted out of a total number of convictions of 113; seven only whose con- dition was not known. In 1842, there were forty-six porsons of the free class convicted out of 140, twenty-one whose condition was un- known. In 1843, there were twenty-three persons convicted of the free class out of 114, seven whose condition was unknown. In 1844, there were forty-five persons of the free class convicted out of 165, two whose condition was unknown. In 1845, there were forty-five con- victions of persons of the free class out of 169 convictions, nine whose condition was un- known. In 1846, there were forty three per- sons of this class convicted out of 164, twenty- seven condition unknown. (Hear, hear.) He quite agreed with his honorable friend the member for Roxburgh, who had put before them the merits of the question so ably and so eloquently on the previous evening, that the motion before them was as the lock of the door he alluded to. Transportation might fairly be likened to the thief outside, who was seeking for admission. Once open the door to transported offenders of any kind, whether they were called convicts or exiles, and a mass of crime would enter which they would never again get rid of. (Hear, hear.) They must look, also, as the hon. member for Rox- burgh had told them, to the changes in the criminal law since the cessation of transporta- tion. Many persons who would come out here as exiles in the present day would have been hanged in former times. Before the year 1841, attempts at murder were punished with death, upon the principle that the criminal intention of the prisoner was the same as if he had de- stroyed his victim, the latter having only been saved by the interposition of Providence. Now such an offence was punished only by trans- portation. Piracies, setting fire to a church, chapel, or dwelling-house, and many other offences formerly punished by death, were only punished now by transportation ; and rape, although still in this colony a capital of- fence, was only punished by transportation in England. The longer his experience in the Su- preme Court lasted, the more he was convinced of the wisdom with which the Legislature of the colony had acted in retaining the pun- ishment of death for the latter offence in the colony. (Hear, hear). So long as any crime was punishable with death, it was necessary in a country like this that that punishment should be retained for this offence (hear, hear). But the law was different in England. They had heard on the previous night that out of sixteen crimes classed by the hon. member for Nor- thumberland as minor offences, one was for an offence of this description. He know not whether it was the familiarity with crime in this colony that blunted the moral perceptions of the honorable member, but he knew from experience that it had a tendency to blunt the feelings even of the highest classes. They had only to examine their own consciences and see the changed aspect with which they regarded crime when they first came to the colony, and after a few years' residence in it, in order to be convinced that such was the effect produced by a penal colony ; and it was well for those who could afford it to pay an occasional visit to the old country in order to renovate their pure British and home feelings upon these points. It could only be from the operation of such a feeling as this that the hon. member had been led to speak so lightly of an offence of this nature. If that hon. gentleman had attended at the last assizes of Maitland, he would have seen a case of an unfortunate woman who lived near Singleton, Patrick's Plains, very near the residence of the hon. member himself, who, when within seven days of her confinement, bad been assaulted, and the crime alluded to committed, in her own house, and almost in the presence of her own children, by one of these ruffians. If the hon. member had heard these details of brutality, he would not have spoken of this outrage as a minor offence. (Hear, hear.) The resolutions of the hon. member for Camden would pledge them, it was said, to the reception only of exiles. But the class which they would receive under this denomination would be inferior in many respects to the convicts who came to the colony before 1841. A large proportion of the latter were sent out for political and minor offences. Few of them were stained with the heinous crimes which must have been com- mitted during the present period to entail the punishment of transportation. (Hear, hear.) Many of the persons who were now respectable fathers of families among us, and who were transported, proved themselves to be reformed and excellent members of society, but exiles cannot be made to be reformed. His experi- ence had taught him that the reformation of a prisoner could not be relied on as long as he was in gaol probation. It was only when he showed that he was able to resist temptation in society, that he proved his reformation. The cleverest rogues were, generally, the best be- haved in the gaol or even in Norfolk Island, they had no opportunity of indulging their evil passions. How many instances could be ad- duced in proof of this, if it were not so well known to those whom he addressed. He was the more surprised at the willingness of the honorable member for Camden to receive the exiles of the present day, when he remembered the former career of that gentleman ; when he remembered that the honorable member had so strongly and, no doubt, so consistently con- tended even against the granting of political rights to persons who had come to the country as transported offenders. (Hear, Hear.) And now, after doing all this, and after the country had been ten years in a state of freedom, the honorable member proposed to degrade it once again to the condition of a convict colony, to be deluged with such a class as the exiles of the present day. He woutd refer the House to the honorable member's own evidence before the Transportation Committee, and to the book which he had written for the express purpose of advocating the discontinuance of transportation to New South Wales. The book written by the hon. member was one of considerable size. It was not a pleasant thing for a man to eat his own words at any time, still less when they were in the shape of an octavo volume. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The hon. member went home as the delegate of a number of persons who had petitioned against the continuance of transportation, and he could not but believe that he had been most zealous in the fulfilment of his mission. He succeeded so well that, as they had been told last night, he had earned for himself the right to a perpetual remembrance in the grate- ful memory of his countrymen. But the hon. gentleman must have a short memory. He must have forgotten the book which he wrote-the evidence which he had given, and the principles which he had advocated. Although the hon. gentleman seemed now inclined to think that immigration and transportation might be carried on together, he was of a different opinion when examined before the Transportation Committee of the House of Commons. During his examination the hon. gentleman was asked by Sir William Molesworth, " Do you think the fact of the co- lony being made a place of banishment for cri- minals, would deter respectable individuals from emigrating ?" His reply was, "I believe it has had that effect." (Hear, hear.) A question was also put to him by Viscount Howick, the present Earl Grey, which showed that, even as far back as this period, his lordship contem- plated some such system as that now proposed, The question and answer was this :-" Viscount Howick : Suppose, instead of the present sys- tem of transportation, criminals were to be punished in England with a certain number of years' imprisonment, and after that to be ba- nished to New South Wales, and were there placed under the surveillance of the police, in the same manner as ticket-of-leave men, what do you think would be the effect of such a sys- tem on the colony ? Mr, Macarthur : I should conceive that the effect would be, in a modified shape, the same as that of continuing the sys- tem of transportation."-In short, the whole scope and bearing of the hon. member's evi- dence, and of the book which he had written, was against the continuance of trans- portation to New South Wales. (Hear, hear.) The hon. and learned member for Bathurst had contended that even although rogues and vagabonds might be poured in upon New South Wales, it would not be the less a free country, owing to the presence of these people. He was at a loss to conceive how any moral or right-minded man could look upon any country which was made the receptacle of convicts as a free country. So long as they had convicts among them, there must be a Bush- ranging Act which gave a power to any con- stable or force to apprehend and imprison, if suspected to be a convict; and was this Act not a measure limiting the freedom of the country ? (Hear, hear). The Act at present in force would expire in 1853, but if the convicts, which some hon. members were so anxious to receive, were to be poured in upon them, it must be continued for ever. Without such an enactment it would be impossible to walk from Sydney to Parramatta in safety ; still less could they travel the great lines of road throughout the interior. Nor, again, could a man be said to be free if his life and property were not secured? Yet so long as persons habituated to crime-whether they were called exiles or convicts, were sent to the colony this insecurity must continue. (Hear, hear.) If they all had the possessions even of the honorable member for Northumberland, these possessions would be scarcely worth re- tention if they were to live in a constant dread of having their throats cut, or of having their possessions wrested from them. (Haar, hear.) He should have no objection to concur in any resolution to protest against the separation of Moreton Bay, or the sending of convicts to that part of the country. He believed, however, that such a course was scarcely necessary. At present Moreton Bay was as much a part of New South Wales as any other por- tion of the country, and they were called upon by the noble Earl at the head of the Colonial Department to pronounce an opinion upon this question on behalf of the entire colony. (Hear, hear.) But they were told that convicts would be poured in upon them from the north and from the south. That there would be a convict colony in the north, and that convicts would still be sent to Van Die- men's Land. He must take leave to remark, however, that the Council had the remedy for this evil in its own hands. There was an Act passed last year which, if it had been properly carried out, would have remedied much of the evil complained of. He alluded to the Vagrancy Act. The second clause of this Statute was as follows : - And be it enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act, every person who hath been or shall be con- victed in this colony of any capital or transportable offence, and who has, for such offence, been, or shall be transported from any place other than this colony to Van Diemen's Land, Norfolk Island, or any British colony or possession in the southern hemisphere, or who hath been or shall be convicted in any such last mentioned colony or place, other than this colony, of any capital or transportable offence, and who hath already come or shall hereafter come to this colony, shall, within the respective times hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, every such person who is now in this colony, within one week after the passing of this Aot, and every such person who shall hereafter come to this colony, within one week after he or she shall arrive therein, personally appear before the Police Magistrate, or Justices assembled in Petty Sessions, of the district or place where such person resides or intends to reside, and notify to the said Police Magistrate or Justices his or her name, and place or intended place of residence, and his or her occupation or description, and shall also in like manner notify to the said Police Magistrate or Justices every change of residence which he or she shall make within the said district or place, within one week after making the same ; and shall also in the event of any change of residence to any other district or place, in like manner, and within the like time, notify such change to the Police Magistrate or Justices assembled in Petty Sessions for the district or place from which he or she shall remove and also to the Police Magistrate or Justices assembled in Petty Sessions of the district or place to which he or she shall remove; and such Police Magistrate, or the Clerk of such Magistrate or Petty Sessions, shall register the name, residence, occupation, and description of every such person, and every change of residence so notified as aforesaid, in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall also deliver to every each person a certificate, signed by him, of such regis- tration, without fee or reward: Provided always, that if any such person shall reside or intend to reside in any place for which there shall then be no Police Magistrate or Petty Sessions appointed, every such person shall, within the time aforesaid, notify his or her name, place of residence, occupation, description, or removal, to the nearest Justice of the Peace, to be by him registered and certified as aforesaid. Now every one of the ruffians from Van Diemen's Land who came to this colony was liable to be dealt with as a rogue and vagabond by any single magistrate, and to be sentenced to two years' hard labour if he failed to comply with the provisions of the clause which had just been read. He did not believe that the mea- sure had ever been acted upon. If it had been, it would doubtless have been found suffi- ciently stringent. But if it was not strong enough, they had the power of making it so. (Hear, hear.) The systems of transportation and free immigration could not go on together, and they must therefore choose between one and the other. They must look, also, not to the interests of the present race of colonists, but to those of the races which were to follow. If honorable mem- bers were really as alarmed as they professed themselves to be at the prospect of having an influx from penal colonies, so large as to render it more dangerous than even the resumption of transportation, all he could say was, that they were easily frightened. But he was in- clined to think that they had conjured up these ghosts to frighten others from the course which they might think right, rather than that they had any belief within their own minds as to the reality of these apparitions. (Hear, hear.) The cases of this colony and Van Diemen's Land, although they had been compared by several speakers, were not analogous. Van Diemen's Land had never been emancipated from the thraldom of conviction. They would search history in vain for any instance where a country, inhabited by a British people, had, after ten years of freedom, sought to return to a condition of bondage, (Hear, hear.) If they did this, the name of Botany Bay would be as much despised throughout the world as it was at present in California. The manner in which those who came from Sydney were looked upon at that place, was sufficient to show the kind of reputation which must attach to any country bearing the stain of convictism. He had only lately received a letter from one of two persons at California, to whom he had given certificates for the purpose of showing that they arrived in this colony as immigrants. Theso persons got places immediately on their arrival, but they would have met with no such good forture if they had not been in a po- sition to prove that they had never been con- victs. The very fact of coming from New South Wales was sufficient in most cases to prevent a man from obtaining employment. (Hear, hear.) He had heard one argument made use of, to which he had paid but little attention. They had been told, that if they declined to accept the propositions of the Se- cretary of State, the colony would get into dis- favour. He cared nothing for so mean and despicable an argument. (Hear, hear.) When they knew that England, in addition to the many naval and military triumphs which had conferred immortal honour upon the flag of which they had heard so much, had achieved a peaceful and moral triumph ; a triumph which would live in history when all her victories were forgotten. When they remembered, that to give freedom to an oppressed race, she had not hesitated to expend twenty millions. Was it not absurd to talk of an eye of disfavour being cast upon her own sons planted, on this distant soil, because they were not in- clined to pass from a condition of freedom into one of bondage? (Hear, hear.) Sure he was that his Royal Mistress would glory in having among her subjects a people worthy of their parent land. A people who were not willing, for any pecuniary considerations, to give up the emancipation which they had received ten years ago. (Hear, hear). He would detain them no longer. In giving these opinions he had only performed what he believed to be his duty both as a member of that House, and as an officer of the Government which he had so long served. He believed it encumbent upon him to do this. It would have been more consistent with his own feelings if he could have refrained from taking any part in this discussion, and it was only an imperative sense of duty which had compelled him to do so. He would take leave to say, that until that time he had never made a comparison between the two classes to whom he had beforo referred. He would not have made such comparison on that oc- casion, had it not been absolutely necessary to do so for the purpose of showing the evils which were entailed by transportation, and which would be increased by its resumption. (Hear, hear.) He need not tell the House that he did not rank among the platform orators. His own views were such aa he had given expression to, but he had not sought to impress those views upon others. He did not even know what were the views of his brother officers upon this question. He could not help feeling somewhat uncomfortable at findinghim self on the same side with one who had spoken in such terms of his country's flag as the hon. and reverend member for Sydney had done. But it was scarcely necessary for him to say anything upon this subject after the rebuke which had been given to the honorable and reverend member on the previous evening, and which oamo so properly from a gentleman who had been one of the brightest ornaments of his eountry's naval ser- vice. (Hear, hear.) The thunders of the British seaman rested not upon the tongue of that hon. and gallant member, but these thun- ders would be ever sufficient to protect the flag of England from all its foes, either foreign or domestic (Hear, hear.) As he had before stated, helooked upon the question as the most important they had ever been called upon to decide. The fate of millions yet unborn were bound up in the judgment they were about to pronounce. (Hear, hear.) Tho question was one upon which it was quite possible that men might conscientiously differ. But the opinion to which he had given utterance was one which had been formed and matured by his experience. And it must be conceded that his position during the last eighteen years had afforded him peculiar facilities for the forma- tion of his accurate judgment upon this ques- tion. (Cheers.) / ( To be continued.) EttUATUM.-In Mr. James Macarthurs speech on the transportation question, pnb lished in yesterday's Herald, the hon. member said, " He now came to the amendment he had to propose, and he would first state that he had been compelled to withdraw, from the original amendment he had placed on the paper, the paragraph relating to Van Diemen's Land. It was not from any indisposition to aid the sister colony in its hour of distress, but because he could find no such authentic proof of the al- leged promise on the part of the Home Go- vernment, absolutely to discontinue Transpor- tation, as would justify the House in asserting that such promises had been made and violated. He could find no official documents to warrant this. The official documents, however, to which he had referred, did not seem to bear so full a meaning." In subjoining the resolutions, at the end of the speech, the one alluded as in- tended to be omitted is inserted. The words that ought to be left out are as follows : " While the continuation of transportation to Van Diemen's Land is likewise in disregard of the solemn engagements entered into with that colony, through his Excellensy Sir William Denison, in the year 1847." 