PROGRESS OP AUSTRALIAN DISCOVERY. The Gipps Land correspondent of the Port Phillip Gazette thus notifies the dis .covery of a new and extensive harbour: '.Oar old shipping-place is fast filling up, and be coming useless for navigation, BO much so that we have bad to survey the coast in search of a new port. Our labours have not been fruitless, as we have found a splendid harbour, little inferior to any iu the Australian Colonies. Its entrance is round the western end of La Tn.be or Snake Island, and the eastern extremity of "Wilson's Promontory, about three miles J>roa«f at tlie entrance, and after passing the heads it is a fine broad channel from two to three miles broad, aud without soundings for some considerable distance, and in 110 part of it less than three fathoms at dead low water. It has been surveyed aud dipped by an experienced navigator. 11 passes up through Corner Inlet to a hard sandy beach -within 10 or 12 miles of Alberton. The shores are covered with beautiful forests of timbei-we have the stringybarlc and gum-trees 2 . toweling tops the very clouds seem to rest-we have the blackwood from two to three feet in diameter-we have from 200 to 300 square miles of splendid timber available for exportation. An experienced bu*htnan, ?with the assistance of the natives, has discovered an ex cellent road from Alberton to the i;ew port. 1 hey have removed all impediments and the road is sow tho best in the district." On Dit.-It is rumoured that Mr Singleton, the Auditor-General, has been suspended. THE THEATRE.-The Royal Victoria Theatre opened on Monday evening under the management of Messrs Lnzar and Coppin, and, as might have been expected, was filled from the pit to the ceiling. Nothing pre viously witnessed in this colony could excoed or equal the brilliancy of the scene which greeted the eye when tho visitor, like ourselves, entered the house after a great proportion of the company had assembled-gorgeous tints, beautiful forms, brilliant lights, happy faces, and tasteful dresses burst upon tho sight, and formed a tont ensemble that almost restored Fairyland and realized the dreams of youth. The opening address, spoken by Messrs Lazar and Coppin, contained many clever allusions to the important but not very amusing purposes to which the house had been devoted since its desecration from the service of the Tragic and the Comic Muse, to which it lias been again restored, uuder auspices that augur to its occu- pants a career of permanent prosperity. A trifling delay between the delivery of the address and the commencement of the overture gave the gods a pretext to thunder forth their impatience, which they did so as to make not ouiy Olympus but the theatrical welkin riug. 'The Overture to Don Giovanni is one of the most beautiful of Mozart's compositions, and was admirably given by the orchestra, which, in fact, contained all the principal instrumental performers in the colony. The first piece was one of those burlesques calculated for the meridian of London, and seldom very successful out of the '' great metro- polis." It was, however, well received by the audience In it Mrs Moore made her first appeararce since her marriage, and her reception was most enthusiastic the applause breaking out with increased vigour on her giving, with characteristic archness, a passage where she, as Desdeinona, regrets having left her papa to get married. A gentleman amateur, whom we fancy we have seen before, did not quite come up to the expec- tations his former performances had led us to expect, and Mr Walsh's ghost of the " Royal Dane " was a thing to be spoken of " in sorrow more than anger." The songs between the pieces were well sung; but we think it a pity that less hackneyed productions were not selected, and would beg to impress on Mr Julius Caesar squash the propriety, if such a thing be compatible witli nigger-singing, of complying with the wish of his admirers, aud change his song when called again. *' Love laughs at' Locksmiths" was the concluding piece. It is an old favourite with us, and, we think, all the Adelaide playgoers Iu it Lnzar was a-; correct, crabbed, and comic as ever; and the roguish,iolSicking valet was impersonated by Mr Coppin in his best stvle. His assumption of the Yorkshire bumpkin's simplicity was a capital piece of acting, and the depopulation of his pretended uucle's native village to avoid being led into contradictious convulsed the audience with its drollery. It is unnecessary to dwell on Mrs Moore's performance ; she was quite at home in the lively Lydia, and was frequently and deservedly applauded. On the whole, the performance gave great satisfaction to the largest and most select audience that ever assembled in Adelaide on such an occasion. We give the . following particulars, which will, doubtless, be read with interest by such of our readers as were not present on the occasion referred to :-The building, like most tluatres. is oblong ; the entire length being 140 feet by a breadth of 34 feet. This length is divided nearly equally, one part beiug a .portioned to the stage and the numerous dressing-rooms, &c.;, appertaining, which allows abundance of room for scene-shifting aud the . various mechanical contrivances which so greatly con tribute to the general effect of dramatic performances . the remainder constitutes the body of the house, there being between the two a convenient and sufficient orchestra, over which, on either side, are three private boxes possessing each private entrances. The dress-circle rnns completely round the house, and is well seated and cushioned, affording every accommo dation for seeing and hearing. Ab >ve this is the gnl " lery of the same extent; but, from the seats being more closely packed, capable of containing a greater number of persons. The pit is well and comfortably arranged, the seats rising sufficiently one above the other from the orchestra to afford a good view of the stave from every part of it. There arc in the dress-circle openings leading to two rooms-one fitted up with every requi site lor the accommodation of the ladies, and exclu sively reserved for their use, and the other for the gentlemen, where can be obtaiued those creature comforts by which, in the opinion of luanv, the enjoyment of the drama is so greatly euhauced. The decorations and embellishments are. designed with great taste and executed with much care and talent, and the house i* well lighted, having, in addition to what may be called the usual staff of candles, five very hand some chandeliers, which throw gr^at brilliancy on the objects around. There are two entrances, totally distinct from one another ; one to the dress-circle from ; Gilles-arcade, and the other to the pit and gallery in "Weymout h-street The former is under the new front, which possesses considerable architectural beauty, Leing a h.ndsonie portico surmounted with a pediment, in which are tlie Royal arms, and leads up a handsome staircase on each side to a lobby of nobie proportions, . from which the dress circle :s entered. On the whole, the. house may be considered as fully adequate to sup plying the want which has long been felr among us, namely, a threatre suited to the wants and requirements of the increased and increasing population and intelli gence of the capital of South Australia. On Thursday, a dramatic version of the adven tures of thie immortal Pickwick and his companions . was p oduced, at the Theatre. The characters were tolerably well sustained throughout, and particular , regard was had to the costumes, so that the various groupings and situations recalled the pleasurabta feelings experienced when the " Papers," with their admirable illustrations, first appeared. The plot (if it can be called one) is, of course, familiar to everybody, . but this piece must be seen in order to form a notion of the racy fun with which Coppin can throw out ?he quaint -Cockneyisms of 44 Samivel" the younger. Idizar, too, exceeded himself in getting up his Alfred Single. He looked the scamp to the life, and rattled -out the broken sentences and the eternal 44 very" as 1 glibly as if it had been liis sole study for the last twelvemonths. Messrs Tupman, Winkle, and Snod . grass, the Pickwickian satellites, duly revolved round tho great man, and the Wardle Family, with ;the 44 fat boy," were well pourtrayed. Several of the scenes were «xoeedingly well managed; the hustings at the boroagh of Eatandswill. and- the address of Mr Pickwick to 'the free andlndependent electors, was a capital satire cn the hero- worshippers jof the mob, * and the glorious vconfu8:on a-faction can create on such an oacasion. The \- family festivity in the stout gentleman's house, the fancy , ball, and ibaeontre tempi of Mr Pickwick with Mrs Bar .dell were all warmly applauded, and deserved it. At the . conclusion of the piece there-was a very brilliant display .of fireworks ; and between the first aud second piece there was ..a nigger song, by4' Sir Squash " 44 Tubal .Cain," by Mr Walsh, aud a dance, by Mr Lambsrt, all excellent in their way ; and'the evening's entertain ' ment" concluded with a very ~ laughable farce. The house was full, .and although the weather was ex ' eeedingly warm, so admirably ventilated is the Theatre that no more inconvenience was felt from the heat In ftbeix>se« than was experienced ouuide the wils. 