MOLONG. The principal subject of interest here of late, the Molong Mine, is virtually knocked up; for with the exception of a solitary miner, and a boy or two, all have been discharged. A merry place it was in times of yore, but some thing ails it now. It seems accursed, the late captain (with all his theoretical and practical knowledge not having been able to unravel the web or net work of which we formerly read in your columns) has turned Boniface, the huts already wear an aspect of dilapidation, and will doubtless soon fall to decay, while grass grows luxuriantly on places but a short time back trodden down by the busy feet of the miners. While, however, we deplore, the miserable out-turn of this, our first mining adventure, we do not despair of one day seeing the mineral treasures with which unquestionably this dis- trict abounds, wrought to better purpose. The land literally abounds in copper, lead, and iron -but we have much to learn in mining mat- ters, and above all we must be particularly careful how we listen to the interested reports of parties, whose only object is to make money, Honestly, if they can, but at all events, to make money. At a recent Government sale the whole of the lo's (suburban) submitted to competition, were sold m prices varying from £3 Is. to £6' , 1*8. per acre. Were you ever at Molong : 'Tis a lovely spot, and now that it has been surveyed, doubtless houses stores &c;, will soon spring up. We want a church sadly ; we are blessed with three public houses, (two by the way built upon land granted to the children of a clergy- man deceased, whose ghost would, I imagine, be a little shocked at the sight), and of course we have the usual accompaniment-constables and a look-up. I suppose after we have built a few more sinks of iniquity, we shall begin to I think it is time to erect a house to God. Labour will shortly be in demand; a few really steady men and married couples, would find remunerative employment now, and as the lambing season approaches, wages will doubtless be on the rise. At present the rates may be quoted, shepheards £18, house servants -males £20, females £8 to £15, according to the work required. Wheat, 3S. per bushel, flour £10 per ton, potatoes, £5 to £6, meat b the carcase, 1d. per pound. The crops are mostly a11 in. We have had some few days' rain, which make the country have the appearance of spring. Our stock are rolling in fat, and every things betokens a splendid season. 