CLERICAL INTELLIGENCE. The Rev. Mr. Forster self-styled chaplain of Broadmarsh, has had inserted in the Courier of Saturday lost, as an advertisement, a letter and the draft of a speech prepared after the meeting of Wednesday, 30th January, had broken up, which he informs the public he would have de- livered at the meeting, had he not been put down. In this letter and draft speech he informs the public also, that like David, he has killed a giant, and has cut off his head with his own (the giant's own) rusty sword. He also in- forms the same public that the giant will never appear upon this earth again, though his ghost may, as also that the giant killed by him was Mr. Carter. This accounts for what we could not well understand—the circumstance that we have not had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Carter moving about as usual since the meeting. For shame, Mr. Forster, to kill so good a man the head of a respectable family, and late a City Commissioner. But after all, Mr. Carter is not, or rather was not, so very great a giant, if he was a giant at all. We have seen greater giants at fairs and horse-races for 6d.—giants who could have put Mr. Carter in their coat pockets. There must be some mistake. It cannot be our worthy townsman who was killed afier all. And we hope again to see him walking about as usual, and announcing his opinion on things in general, and nothing in particular, with his usual earnestness and eloquence. Our own correspondent wiites, that the an- nouncement at the Broadmarsh that parson had killed a giant, and had cut off his head with his own rusty sword, caused an immense sensation. A public meeting of all the young damsels was immediately held, and a committee appointed to search for authorities as to what ought to be done on the occasion, made a luminous report, the scope of whioh was that parson should be welcomed back to the Marsh with all honour, and that he should he met by the damsels with timbrels and dances. The timbrels, however, puzzled them not a little. The great difficulty was to ascertain what timbrels are, and as this could not be overcome, it was determined to meet parson without timbrels, and to lead him in honourable procession to his " comfortable homestead" with dancing only. By a communication from a correspondent, we are informed that Mr. Forster should have been at the Broadmarsh, fasting and praying for the sins of the people, on the 30th January, as commanded by his church, instead of being present at a public political meeting, fighting with giants. For this irregularity or neglect be will of course have to answer to his ordinary Thus, in a twofold sense, the 30th of January will to him have been a day—if not of fasting, at least one of humiliation. The dancing pro- cession of the Broadmarsh, celebrating Mr. Forster's victory over the giant, will however afford him, it is to be hoped, ample compensa- tion. _____________ 