ADELAIDE GRAND STEEPLE-CHASE. This great event takes place on the 3rd of the ensuing month, and excites considerable interest amongst all classes of this sporting community. We are not generally in the habit of indicating the probable results of these affairs; but upon a great sporting occasion like the present we feel inclined to step out of our ordinary track, and give our opinions upon the one to be decided on the above-named day. On looking over the entry however, we find that four out of the eleven are to the South Australian Turlists—dark horses, of whom we can know nothing except by report. The following is a list of the entries:— Abd el Kader Emerlad Black Prince War Eagle Kieta Lochran Fidget Bachelor Harkaway. Dick Turpin Traverser Abd el Kader is well-known to all'our-sporting readers, having many times appeared before them in flat and jumping races. He is well bred, in blooming condition, and will be piloted by Mr W. Malcolm. He ran respectably in the last Annual, was defeated in the Hurdle Race at the Adelaide Meeting in January, was similarly treated at Brighton, won the Gawler Town Hurdle Race, and was again beaten in the one at Clare, where he gave Malcolm a regular burster. He has now got another year's strength and expe- rience to work on, and if he happens to be in a good humour on the day, we think his chance a first-rate one. The next horse that claims our attention by his perform ances is War Eagle. He came out at the beginning of the year at the Encounter Bay and Noarlunga races, where he won the Hurdle Races—in each instance miserably ridden and in wretched condition, beating the Wanderer mare in a canter. He next met Abd el Kader and Dick Turpin at Brighton, and paid them a like compliment; the Moor on that occasion, having made op Ids mind to refuse, and the Highwayman to go any but the way leading to the winning-post. He is now in slap-up condition—« fit to run for a man's life,* and as he will receive the polite attentions of the sams Jock who so successfully handled Bachelor on the 15th, he will be a dangerous horse to stand against Fidget is the next on our list. He is undoubtedly a game little horse, and has a good turn of speed, which be has proved several times in flat races. He has only appeared twice in fencing races, viz., at the last Annnal Steeple Chase and the Adelaide Hurdle Race. In the first, although very badly ridden, lie landed pretty close to front horses; and in the second it was a perfect uiystery to us how a horse could find his way rornd the jumps at all—through the dense clouds of dust that enveloped the race-ground on that occasion. He is to be steered in the coming race by Mr Filgate, a gentleman new to the Adelaideiaus, but to whom report assigns the reputation of a most accomplished horseman ; and the fact of the horse having been for the last few months under the fostering care of «Old Tom Powell,* is a guarantee that his condition will be all that bis most sanguine backers can desire. All these things considered, he is a horse we should like to see on the right side of our ledger. Dick Turpin we consider a dangerous horse to be against, after the satisfactory proof he has given that he can if he will go like blazes. He is known to possess the d 's own temper , but should he take it into his head to go off kindly, we do not see what is to prevent him making a rattling race with the before-named horses for the * finrt money.' We hear he is to be ridden by Mr Elliott, the proprietor of the Royal Exchange stables, who is said to be a quiet and steady rider, which is much in favour of the horse. Emerald is sufficiently knoivn to our readers to require many remarks. We think four miles a longer distance than lie can stand, and that he will not be so near the front as he was last year. It is at present "doubtful who will be in the * pig-skin ' on the 3rd September ; but of this we are convinced, he is a horse that requires more riding than anything else in the race. Of old Kxeta we speak as one of the * has beens.' If a horse can go four miles and carry eleven stone seven pounds with such fore legs as lie possesses, we will leave off guessing. He is known to be as game as a pebble—but a crittur can't go without legs. Bachelor Jias been too recently before the public to require much notice at our hands. He is undoubtedly an honest horse; but if the ones we have before named make up their minds to jump at all, his chance must be a very remote one. His rider is not as yet known. Traverser comes here from Port Phillip with a rattling character, and is certainly as useful and likety-Iooking a horse as would be met with in a day's march ; but we think a horse cannot go four miles without more preparation than he can have received. He has been much too short a time here to be brought to the post in auytliing like trim to run so long a race; but our advice to our betting friends is—Keep a very sharp look-out for him in the Hurdle Race in November next, and if we are not very much mistaken he will show some of them the quickest way to the Judge's chair. Black Prince is a horse quite, new to our lists. His owner seems to be very sweet upon him. He may be an honest and good 'jumper; but we think his chance of a win somewhat resembles that of Bachelor. Report assigns Reardon (he office of steersman to his Royal Highness; so he will have the benefit of good riding. Lochran and Harkaway are both new acquaintances ; the first appears to be in anything but racing condition; and we are much mistaken if the latter possesses the requisite speed to bring him anywhere towards the fore. We have now given our opinion of the ' whole boiling,' and think it would be perhaps better to leave the matter as it stands. Steeple-chasing is at all times an uncertain game, and dependent, in a great measure, upon luck to escape the * moving accidents by flood and field '—so uncertain, that the slightest accident may prove fatal to a horse's success when victory appears to be within his grasp—that we are almost afraid to hazard a guess at the probable results. There is not much harm, however, in giving an opinion. The most formidable animal in the race appears to be Abd el Kader, and his most dangerous opponents War Eagle, Fidget, and Dick Turpin. These four running kindly, we do not thinkany thing else In the race stands the * ghost of a chance.' *" 