TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNOESTON EXAMINER. BIBLE SOCIETY CONTROVERSY. Sza,--1f the Roman catholics would only manifest a penitent disposition in reference to the reckless mischief which their system has inflicted on our world, and cease to cherish their unseemly spirit of religious dogmatism, I could heartily bury all past things in forgetfulness; but although it is pleasing to see the improvement which has taken place among them through the dawn of the "reformation" by Luther and hi, contemporaries, for which they them selves ought to be thankful, yet as they still persist it exhibiting an imperious and dominant temper, they must not take it amiss to be reminded of the fatal heresies which it is to be feared may be still lurking among them. Mr. Dlndden.refers me to a letter published in your columns last 'year, signed Truth aganst Trickery: but the general contents of it are such that I think the writer would do well to reverse his signature. There is, however, one thing in it that seems to be worthy of remark,i. e., the ex pression, "Infallibility has never been claimed by the catholics for any version of the scriptures." Mtr. Hall, too, I observe, advances tile same notion. Mr. Hall also tries to sneer at the protestants for supposing the popes are 'infallible. Perhaps, sir, they are going to disclaim infallibility altogether. That'would be a good sign; but no, they remove infallibility to the churel/, and thus set the church above the bible, like the bushel over the top of the candle.. But who is the church ? The bishops, or fathers. The people-grown up men and women are only children, and of course have no voice. But how can the bishops be infallible if the pope be not ? I think, sir, the pope ought to thunder out a good bull against them. But they will pretend the bishops are only infallible in council, not individually. Now this is a mystery. 1 admit .that two heads are better than one, but how a number of men can be infal lible when there is no infallibility in any one of them, I cannot comprehend. What would a Launcestonjury think if a number'of witnesses should present them selves who could not give the testimony of truth separately and independently, but wanted to concoct a story in company? Ah, sir, we must turn to the bible. We have got no cunningly devised fables there; but we have the independetnt, infallible testi mony of holy men of God, who spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. I know that Jesus Christ promised his disciples that he would be with them alway, even to the end of the world, and that his spirit would guide them into all truth; but he only authorised them to teach people to observe those things which he commanded them. There was the limit of their commission ; and he never com manded the apostles to add the fabulous unscriptural writings of the apocryha to the bible. But as Messrs. Hall and Madden affect to sneer at the protestants on account of the infallibility of the popes, let us go to some of their own hsiqher authorities. Eugenius IV. pretended he was infal lible; and when the council of Basil decided against him. he issued two solemn edicts by which he de-' voted the holy fathers to hell and damnation. -Nothing terrified, however, they deposed him, and elected another pope in his room. But Eugenius had another council at Florence, who supported his claim to infallibility, and the greater part of the church submitted to their jurisdiction. Here we have pope against pope, council against council, and ode part of the church against the other; and yet they have one faith and one Lord ; and they are the men, and wisdom shall die with them. I think, sir, that Messrs. H-al and Madden ought to lay their hand on their mouth. Plius 11., too, had written against the infallibility of the pope; but when he was made pope himself, he retracted his errors, and generously acknowledged he had been a damnable heretic, though he was now an orthodox pontiff. I might go on to find more witnesses, but it is unnecessary, for every one must admit that the popes Eugenius IV. and Pius II., together with the council of Florence, are authority far superior to both Mr. Hall and Trickery against TRUTH: neither is it needful to say anything more to show that if the bible be not infallible, it Is vain to think that either popes or councils are so. But although the Roman catholics have plainly set the church above the bible, yet they pretend that she never had a low to withhold the scriptures from the people: and they also pretend thdt she never had a law that gave the least sanction to religious persecution. Now I would never hold any controversy with them on these points. Itis enough. for me to look to the broad page of history, and see that the Romish authorities have kept the bible from the people, and taught that it was a heresy to have it in the vernacular tongue. Dr. Buckingham preached this from the pulpit in opposition to Hugh Latimer, and George Brown, an Austin friar, and provincial of his order, and afterwards archbishop of Dublin, published a work against keeping the scriptures in the Latin tongue. The popes, too, have sent forth 'heresy- hunters, and inquisitors to to inflict the most infernal tortures upon those who received the bible without any private interpreta- tion : and have stirred up kings and princes to the most bloody arnd fiendish butcheries of our fellow men. These, sir, are incontrovertible facts: and what can we think of men who will turn round with more than satanic impudence. and tell us the holy catholic church never had any law for these things? 'They themselves, are proving that church to be THE MOTHER OF ABOMINATIONS. They tell people that her name is MYSTERY ; that we cannot read her; 'that it is dangerous to trust her, because her will is law,just as the fit takes her. If she has done these things without law, she is more wicked than' Henry VIII., for when he wanted to murder his wives he made a law for the purpose: site is worse than the Jews, who clamoured for the Saviour to be crucified, for they said, " we have, a law, and by our law he ought to die":' and if she is not so bad as she has been, it is owing to the influence, of protestantism. Messrs. Hall and Madden are laid under great obligations to the protestants, and for which they are not sufficiently grateful. Had it not been for the protestants, 'very probably they would never have seen a bible in their lives; for their own church had paid so little regard, even to the latin vulgate, that the council of Trent could not find an authentic copy. In conclusion,' a word. about the infallibility of different versions of the bible: A very great autho- rity has said, " The 'seed is the word of God," and lias compared the dissemination of this word to a sower sowing grain. Now every farmer knows the utility of sowing good clean seed in clean ground, and that it requires a great deal of care and diligence to secure this; but when he gets the very best sample of seed wheat, he would scarcely venture to pro nounce it perfectly pure, yet he knows that a few "various" seeds, all equally good, will all contribute to the support and preservation of life and health. But the case is different with wheat that is full of "tares" or "cockle." 1 was once told by a family in the Isle of lan that they were every one drunk with eating bread made from such wheat as this, so that they had to go to bed after dinner. And round about the neighborhood where 1 live there are several' Roman catholics who are frequently drunk with the deleterious stuff' which the church of;Rome has got mixed up' with the pure word of God. One of them called at my house one day, on horseback. and. he would begin about reli gion, and raved like a madman against the three perjured priests 'who made the protestant bible, Luther, Calvin, and Cranmer, and he cursed and swore almost' every word. When I re minded 'him that. that was not christianity, ',God forgive' me !' he exclaimed, and then he cursed and'swore again. This man is a very decent man, and bears a good character among all the neighbors;' and keep him off religion he talks very rationally. 'Now 1 would be glad if Messrs. Hall and Madden would employ their abilities in trying to clean their church from this rubbish; for it is a very unpleasant thing to see one's neighbors so miserably intoxicated. Let them try to do away with all those heathenish and super stitious, doctrines 'and practices—with everything concerning which Jesus Christ gave no commandment to his apostles. But they must not try to root out the tares, or cockle from the" field of the world," lest they should root up the wheat. Drunken men might easily make such a mistake as this, and the loman catholics have often done so. They must not fine the printers, and confiscate and burn other people's bibles; for Jesus Christ says, " Let them grow together in 'the world until the harvest: and in the time of harvest 1 will say to the reapers." But let them purge their own bible, and make the seed clean in' the church, and when we protestants see plainly that they can grow a better sample of wheat than we have got, we can buy a few bushels from them. : THOMAS ALCOCK. August 2.';' 