NO "NEWS/' Like another Joshua, Separation has ordered the Sun of literature und civi lisation to stand still — not that hosts should battle, but rejoice. The nnuals of the tress exhibit no parallel to this vacuum — "Stop the Press. "! — Stop the Earth's revolution on the chance of a French one ! Stop the course of time ! Stop the obb and flow of the ocean ! Stop Chisholtn Anstey, Stop the roar of cata racts, Stop Lord Brougham and Vaux, Stop Lanq's diddle-isms ! stop tho Argus twaddle ! all stop short of stopping the Press — that is only original " full stop " in animate nnd inanimate nature — Imagine says, Eliza C'ooic, the Press extinct for a week — the great inquest of tho nation dead — she little thought when penning these words that her imaginings would bo realised and how fully her forebodings would be establsh- ed. The void lias existed for some days — " Darkness how deep and silence liow profound. " a literary syncope, or- eoma (as Mesmerists have it) has pro vailed over tho length and breadth of the land — realizing Ovids description of A lifeless lump, unfushlonod on 1 unfrnmcd Of Jarrlug seed, awl Justly Chaos named. The fly wheel that moved the great machinery of intellect and commerce was motionless — Tho " Daily" bread of tho multitude was suddenly withdrawn. I no tiousciioKi » orci3 ot tlic masse became a sealed book — nightly blank prevailed — " Tho guide philosopher and friend " of the people vanished ; like j Byron's picture of Darkness, Mom camo awl went— and camo and brought n day And men forgot their patulona ill tho dread of thU their devolution and all was black. Wo hope wo have impressed tho pub- lie with a proper sonso of tho misery iJmv hiivo experienced — if wo hnv'nt it. is no fault of Olir's. Wo fear, however, our stoppage has been productive of nioro Household Words than parties care to avow— for wo liavo it on un doubted authority that tho poaoa of whold families has been destvoyod by thd suspended animation of tho Press— Every thing has gone wrong in domestic matters over since — Habitually even tempered gentlemen became as sour as crab apples, from tho kitchen to the attic nothing went right with them — they looked as pleasant as a Tom Cat breakfasting with a Scotch Terrier — Breakfast, dinnor, tea and suppor woro signnlised by a growl accompaniment— Tho eggs wore ns soft as slops, or as hard ns turnips — tonst as black ns a frying pan — milk sour nnd broad stale, the linen evidently washed in ditch water— shirts all blue starched, black and stiff 83 buckram — and as to buttons, the ghost of one lind'nt made its appearance during tho last six months — In fact it was a perfect Millo- uium of Caudle-isms — malo aud female — and nil owing to tho temporary sus pension of the Press — Wo doubt if a moro forcible compliment could bo paid to its popularity. Complaints loud and deep liavo resounded through tho Metro polis since the dearth began aud impa tient has becu tho demand for its re appearance — Wo trust that this will he a lesson to thoso disparagers of tho Press, who are eon tout with neither 113 > U1UU 11U1 113 allUULU >H1U lint. LUC lover Evor doubt thee nut oannot lira with tboo or wltbout theo. 