THE GORHAM CASE JUDGMENT. The judgment in this long litigated case was pronounced yesterday afternoon, March 8, by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in their Court at Whitehall Long before two o'clock on immense crowd thronged d tim space immediately in front of the entrance to the Privy Council Office. 5 The outer doors were thrown open at two o'clock, and the rush of the crowd up stairs was fearful. Another interval elapsed before the public were admitted within the room of the Privy Council. When the door was opened the rush was terrific, and the room became densely filled. It will be remembered that in 1847 the Lord Chancellor presented the Rev. O. O Gorham to the living of Bamford Speke, in the diocese of Exeter.' Previous and up to that time the rev. gentleman had been the incumbent of St. Just, Cornwall, in the same diocese. The Bishop of Exeter thought it necessary, before instituting the rev. gentleman to the living of Bamford Speke, to require that he should undergo an examination on points of faith and doctrine before the Bishop, particularly with reference to his opinions on the subject of infant baptism, which the Bishop suspected were not in accordance with the teaching of the Church of England. That examination was gone into at great length, and the result was, that the Bishop refused to institute the rev. gentleman to the living of Bamford Speke, on the ground of holding unsound doctrine with respect to the efficacy of baptism in the regeneration of infants. Mr. Gorham appealed to the Court of Arches, where, after a long argument, Sir H. J. Fist, the Judge, decreed in favour of the Bishop of Exeter. From that decision the Rev. Mr. Gorham appealed to the Judge i ii Committee of the Privy Council, before whom, timing several days in December last, the. case was ably argued on both sides at great length. Lord Laugd are now pronounced the judgment of the Judicial Committee of Privy Cuui eil. Alter reciting the circumstances attending the presentation of Mr. Gorham to the living of Bamford Speke, the refusal of the bishop to institute him, and the proceedings in the Arches Court, as we have stated them substantially above, his lordship proceeded to say, that the doctrine held by Mr. Gorham with reference to baptism appeared to be, that baptism and the sacraments were generally necessary to salvation, but that the regeneration of the person baptised did not uniformly take place in baptism that grace might be granted before in, or alter baptism that the grace was given by God to such persons only as worthily receive the sacrament that infants baptised, dying before actual sin, were certainly saved j but that in no case was regeneration in baptism unconditional Those were the opinions of Mr. Gorham and the question which the Council had now to decide was, not whether those opinions were theologically sound or unsound, but whether they were contrary or re- pugnant to the doctrines taught by the Church of England in her Articles, Formularies, and Rubrics. The question must be decided by the Articles and Liturgy of the Church, and they must apply to those books the same rule that had long been established with regard to all written documents. It was not immaterial to observe, that there were different doctrines prevailing at the time when the Articles and Liturgy of the Church of England were framed and ultimately, made part of the law of the land. But they were not to be influenced by the particular opinion of the eminent men who propounded and discussed them, or by any supposed tendency to give a preponderance to Calvinistic or Arminia!) doctrines The Articles and Liturgy as they now had them, must be considered as the final result. It appeared from resolutions and discussions of the Church i itself, and from the history of the times, that from the first dawn of the Reformation until the settlement of the Articles and Formularies, j the Church was had passed by a great variety of > opinion respecting baptism and its efficacy. The Church having resolved to frame articles | of faith as a means of avoiding diversities oft < opinions, must have been presumed to have accomplished that object, so far as it could; but it could not have intended to determine all the questions which had arisen or might arise, or to include in the Articles and Liturgy a statement of all Christian doctrine. A selection of the most important points necessary to be believed by the ministers of the Church was probably made, whilst others not of such primary importance were left for future decision by competent authority, and, in the mean time, to the private judgment of pious and conscientious persons, under such circumstances it would have been impossible, perhaps, even if it had been thought desirable, to employ lan. g<ia,'0 which did not admit of some latitude of interpretation. If the latitude were confined within such limits as might be allowed, without danger to any matter necessity to salvation, possibly or probably a difference might have been designedly intended by the framers of the Articles themselves. If that were so, the first question which arose in this case was, whether the disputed point was or was not meant to be settled at all, or whether it was left open for each member of the Church to decide for himself according to his own conscientious opinion. It was material to observe, that very different opinions as to the sacrament of baptism were held by the promoters of the Reformation, and that great alterations were made in the Articles on that subject The Articles drawn up in 1530 stated that remission of sins and the grace in favour of God were given in baptism and the promise of grace and everlasting life pertaineth not only to such as were adults, but also to infants and innocents and it was by those Articles also taught that children ought to be baptized, inasmuch as children dying in infancy would undoubtedly be saved thereby, and that infants must needs be christened because they were born in original sin. In a book entitled " The Necessary Doctrine for a Christian Man," and usually called " The King's Book," pub. fished in 153, itwasst«ted,tliat because allen were born sinners, and could not be saved without the remission of sins which was given by baptism and the working of the Holy Ghost, therefore the sacrament of baptism was necessary for the attainment of salvation and everlasting life. The AnicliB of 1552 and 1662 adopted very different language from the Articles of 1536, and had, special regard to the qualification of a worthy and right reception of baptism. The Articles of 1536 expressly determined two points, first, that baptised infants dying before the commission of actual sin were undoubtedly saved thereby and secondly, that,unb.iptiscd plants were not saved. The articles of 1562 said nothing expressly on those points; but not distinguishing infants from adults, stated in general terms that those who received baptism rightly had the benefits of baptism thereby conferred. What was signified by right reception? Mr. Gorham said it as was implied in the case of adults faith and re- pentance, and in the case of infants, God's grace and favour. On a consultation of the Ani- eles', it appeared that besides the particular point there were others which were left under. sided. It was not particularly declared what was the distinct meaning and effect of the gr. ice of regeneration whether it was the change of nature, a change of condition, or a change of the relation subsisting between man and his Creator Jhlis lordship then reviewed the Articles and Firms areas at great length with regard to 'bapttMn. He continued to say, upright and conscientious men could not in all respects agree ' upon a subject so difficult; and it was to be carefully kept in mind, that the question-and the only question for the Council to decide was, whether Mr. Gorham's doctrine was contrary, or repugnant to the doctrine of the Church of England, as by law established. Mr. Gorham's doctrine might be contrary to the opinion entertained by many learned and pious persons contrary to the opinion which such persons had, by their own particular studies, deduced from Holy Scriptures contrary to the opinion which they had deduced from uncertain and ambiguous expressions in the formula lies; still if the doctrine of Mr. Gorham was not contrary or repugnant to the doctrines of the Church of England as by law established, it could not afford a legal ground for refusing him institution to the living to which he had been lawfully presented. The Court, constituted for the purpose of advising her Majesty on matters which came within its competency, had no jurisdiction or authority to settle matters of faith, or to determine what ought in any particular to be the doctrine of the Church of England upon the true and legal construction of her Articles and Formularies and the Court considered it was not their duty to be minute and rigid in cases of this sort. The Court agreed with Sir W. Scott in the opinion which he expressed in Stone's case, in the Consistory Court of London " That if any article is really a subject of dubious interpretation, it would be highly improper that this Court should fix on one mean- ing, and prosecute all those who held a contrary opinion regarding its interpretation." In the examination of this case, the Court had not relied upon the doctrinal opinions of anyone of the eminent writers, by whose piety, learning and ability, the Church of England had been distin. guished but it appeared that the opinions which the Court could not in any important particular distinguish from those entertained by Mr. Gorham had been propounded and maintained by many eminent and illustrious prelates and divines who had adorned the Church from the time when the Articles were first established, and that without any censure or reproach. The Court did not affirm that the doctrines and opinions of Jewell, Hooker, Usher, Jeremy Taylor, Whitgift, Pearson, Carlton, Prideaux, and many others, could be received as evidence of the doctrine of the Church of England : but their conduct, unbiased and unquestioned as it was, proved at least the liberty which had been allowed of maintaining such doctrine. The case not requiring it, the Court had abstained from expressing any opinion of their own upon the theological correctness or error of the doctrine of Mr. Gorham, which was discussed before them at great length, and with so much learning. His Honor the Vice-Chancellor Knight Bruce dissented from the opinion they had formed, but all the other members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council who were present were unanimously of opinion that the doctrine held by Mr. Gorham was not contrary or repugnant to the declared doctrine of the Church of England as by law established, and that Mr. Gorham ought not, by reason of the doctrine held by him to have been refused admission to the vicarage ofBampford Speke. The Court should therefore humbly report to her Majesty, that the sentence pronounced by the learned Judge in the Arches Court of Canterbury ought to be reversed, and that the Bishop of Exeter, had not shown sufficient cause why he did not institute Mr. Gorham to the said vicarage. Loud cries of " Bravo I" resounded through Court, at the conclusion of the judgment. 