LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. The Judges have appointed 2 o'clock this day, at Mr Justice Cooper's residence, to receive the members of the Bar with the address we published yesterday. It is neatly engrossed in duplicate on parchment for pre sentation to their Honors. The removal of the corps judiciale to the new Court- house ; the incomplete arrangements there, and the un certainty as to the localities of the various offices, causes considerable embarrassment to that interesting portion of the community who delight in litigation. We ob- serve some of the veterans of the Resident Magistrate's Court, and the loungers of the old Police-office, wan- dering disconsolately amid Mr Bowen's men and the building materials with which the enclosure is thronged, or gliding like ghosts along the chill passages, the airy corridors, and lofty apartments of the stately but un- finished edifice. Among the officials all is bustle and confusion— order has not yet come out of the chaos con- sequent on removal. There is, doubtless, in the new building a place for every one ; but as yet no one has got in his place — except indeed the Clerk of the Dis- trict Court : his duties are inexorable— for him there is no respite, removal furnishes no excuse. Before his desk was fixed or his papers unpacked, he was besieged by clamorous applicants for summonses, and suitors for justice in a small way. One woman who had received an affront from a neighbour urged her suit with all the pertinacity if not with the malice of a Shylock. She demanded immediate trial of her adversary - she would not consent to a postponement We expected to hear her adjure the Stipendary Magistrate thus— ' If you deny it, let the danger light ___ ' Upon your charter and your city's freedom,' Rebuffed at each application, she returned again reso- lutely to the charge, and at last his Worship avenged the woman, because by her continual coming she wearied him. In pursuance to advertisement, a convivial meeting of the parties who arrived in this colony per barque Henry Porcher was held on Monday, July 1st, at Mr Bawden's, Royal Oak Inn, Hindley-street. The dinner, which was first-rate, and provided gratis by the worthy landlord, was done ample justice to by a large, happy, and highly respectable company, the chair being ably filled by that highly respected and worthy old colonist Captain Litchfield. The cloth being removed, the chairman gave the usual loyal toasts, which were prefaced by him with a few neat remarks and re- sponded to by the company with the utmost enthusiasm. Mr Godlee proposed the health of Captain John Hart, formerly of the Henry Porcher, and now of the ship Raymond ; in doing which he took occasion to remark that he had never heard of a ship arriving at the shores of South Australia on board of which more kindly feel- ing existed amongst the passengers, or where more attention was paid to their wants and comforts. Cap- tain Hart was the man to whom the greater part of these benefits were attributable — he was a thorough seaman, a skilful navigator, and, to crown all, a really kindhearted man. All that he could say in the praise of the worthy Captain would fall far short of his merits; but he was sure that, humble as his remarks were, they would be responded to by the hearts of every one of his shipmates present. He would conclude in the words of the immortal Dickens — "Lord keep his memory green." Mr Clarke, of Walkerville, in a few words responded to the last toast ; he said that to his shipmates he need offer no remarks in praise of their respected skipper, but to those in the room who had never known him he would say that all the speaker had said was true, and he would maintain the same had he been praised ten times as much. Mr Lorimer then gave the health of W. Johnson, Esq., formerly surgeon of the Henry Porcher, and since of the Warrior, and paid high compliment as to the kindness and abilities of that gentleman. The memory of departed shipmates was drunk in solemn silence; soon after which the tables were removed, the music struck up, and the dance and song occupied the remainder of the evening. The monthly meeting of the Equitable Build:ng Society was held last night, in the large' rooms under the Mechanics' Institute. Mr R. A. Fiveash in the chair. Tho rule requiring the attendance of a director at the weekly payment of subscriptions was rescinded, as unnecessary, the Secretary having given security for the correct performance of his duties, and each mem ber's card showing his payment.', as well as the books of the society. Tho Chairman gave notice that num bers 9, 10, 149, and 338, having fallen into arrears, would be sold next monthly meeting, if not paid up in the interval. Five shares were then balloted for. The following came up prizes :— 59. H. Smith ; 218. Mrs Hodges ; 250, E. Blume ; 27o, T Mayo ; and 347, G. Soward. The mystery which has hitherto enveloped the fate of the maniac Fry has been at length cleared up by the discovery of his bones, by Mr Alexander McCulloch, within half-a- mile of the spot where he murdered his wife, and not more than four miles from his station. Although the clothes have been torn, and the bones scattered by the wild dogs, there appears no doubt of their identity ; the rifle, cutting- knife, pistol, and pocket book of Fry, as also the bonnet of his wife, being in their immediate neighbourhood. Information was sent to the police at Gawler Town, and a constable was sent to the Wakeficld to take charge of the remains, and summon the nearest Justice of tho Peace, who is William Slater, Esq. to hold the inquest, which, it is believed, will take place on Thursday. This termination to their suspense will be highly advantageous, in a pecuniary sense, to the children of Fry, as the ob- stacle to letters of administration being granted is now removed, by the certainty of their father's death. It is rumoured that the contents of the pocket-book are of a highly-important and interesting nature. ' Lucifer,' which was raffled for on Monday last, at the ' Auction Mart Tavern,' is matched by Mr Clark, the present owner, for £100 against either of Mr Paxton's fillies lately imported, catch weights, mile and half heats, to come off at the next Adelaide races. A trotting match comes off on Thursday next at ten o'clock, near Graham's Castle, Islington, for £15 to £10, between Mr McKinley's bay horse ' Anld Knack ers' and Mr Ladd's black mare ' Betty,' distance two miles, to carry weight for inches. Betting even- handed. The trotting match between ' Auld Knackers ' and ' Faugh-a-Ballagh ' comes off on the Brighton-road on Saturday next at ten o'clock. ' Auld Knackers ' is the favourite. The considerable improvement in British finances, as notified in '1 hursday's Register, is attributed to a decided increase in the revenue, but much more to reductions in expenditure. The actual increase, as tar as can be calculated, will exceed the estimated by £523,000, and with a similar reserve, the actual expenditure will have been reduced below the estimate as much as £1,024,043. The probable surplus, therefore, may be said to coDsist of three items, viz. :— Estimated, surplus ? £104,304 Excess of income over expenditure . 523 500 Reduction of expenditure ? 1,624.043 Under estimate ....................... 2,251,847 But, as in the colonies, so in the parent state, the surplus soon crumbles away to cover ' 'excesses' over the estimates of a former' year. Thus each financial year has to bear a double burden, and the appearance of a surplus is but too often illusory. Mr Sidney Herbert's plan for promoting female emi- ' gration seems to have met with very general approval.': Messrs Barclay, Perkins, aud Co., the eminent brewers, hid forwarded to the Committee for raising funds for promoting Female Emigration to the British. Colonies the sum of ±.200, in aid of the objects. 