new wesleyan chapel. LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE. The Wesleyan Chapel, Gawler-place, Ade laide, having become too small for its present occupants, it has been in contemplation, for some time past, to erect another and a larger one in Pirie-street, on half an acre of ground, bought for that purpose, for the sum of six hundred pounds. The necessary arrangements having been com pleted, Monday last, July the 15th, 1850, was fixed upon as the day for laying the Founda tion Stone of the new erection. The situation is a central one, and thickly populated, and the building is to be of the handsomest and most costly description. Its extreme length inside is to be 88 feet, its width 53 feet, and its height 31 feet; thus admitting of galleries all round, and being capable of affording seat room to about 1500 persons. To the main building, indicated above, large vestries will be attached, and two school rooms, one over the other, and each of them measuring 3-4 feet by 25 feet. The front elevation of the building is to be in the modern gothic style, and will have a very imposing appearance. A large entrance door, over which is placed a treble window, is to grace the centre, with a door on each side into leading the lobbies, and double windows above them. The longitudinal elevation shows five double windows on each side, arched in the centre, and widi the usual abutments between them. Its cost is estimated at .£4000, and when completed, it will, beyond all question, be the most striking and commodious place of worship in Adelaide. The ceremony of laying the Foundation Stone was entrusted to his Excellency the Go- vernor, who appeared on the ground at three o'clock precisely, accompanied by Captain Sturt, Colonial Secretary, and some others of the officials. There was a large attendance, and flags were flying in all directions on the ground. The attendance, we should think, on a moderate calculation, amounted to some six or seven hundred persons, among whom we observed several ministers of different denomi nations, and other parties of weight and in fluence. The Rev J. D. Draper opened the service on the occasion by giving out the 737th Hymn in the Wesleyan Hymn Book. Thou who hast in Sion laid The true Foundation stone, And with those a covenant made, Who build on that alone : Hear us, Architect Divine ! Great builder of thy church below ; Now upon thy sen-ants shine, Who seek thv praise to show. Earth is thine; her thousand hills Thy mighty hand sustains; Heaven thy awful presence fills; O'er all thy glory reigns: Yet the place of old prepared, 13y regal David's favoured son, Thv peculiar blessing shared, And stood thy chosen throne. We, like Jessie's son, would raise A temple to the Lord; Sound throughout its courts His praise. His saving name record ; Dedicate a house to Him, Who once in mortal weakness shrined Sorrow'd, suffer'd to redeem, To rescue all mankind. Father, Son, and Spirit, send The consecrating flame; Now in majesty descend, Inscribe the living name; That great name by which we live, Now write on this accepted stone; Us into thy hands receive. Our temple make thy throne. Mr Draper then read the 24th and the 46th Psalms, and engaged in prayer, which was highly suitable, and exceedingly impressive. This finished, the Rev. Gentleman proceeded to read the following inscription, which was inclosed in a bottle, and handed to his Excel lency the Governor to place under the founda tion stone:— INSCRIPTION. The Foundation Stone of this Chapel for the use of the people called Methodists, in connexion with the Society, established by the late Rev. John Wesley, A.M., was laid by His Excellency Sir Henry Edward Fox Young, Knight, Lieutenant-Governor of the Pro vince, on Monday, the loth day of July, 1850, being the 14th year of the reign of Her most gracious Majesty, Queen Victoria. The Rev. Thomas Jackson, being President of the British Conference. The Rev. Win, B. Boyce, General Superintendent of the Wesleyan Missions in Australasia. The Rev. D. J. Draper, and the Rev. T. N. Hull. Ministers of the Adelaide Circuit; the Rev. R. C. Flockart, Assistant. Trustees : , Messrs John Colton Messrs William Hutchins „ Robert Hawkes „ Jno. Barton Hack „ Wm. Mc.Guhe „ Thos. Jas. Mitchell „ Andrew Johnston „ Jas. Charles Coke „ Thomas Maslin „ William Collin* „ William Johns „ Henry Gom Architect. Henry Stuckey, Esq. Builders : Messrs H. W. Peryman and Son. Our venerated Founder has recorded it as his opinion that "the object of God in raising up the Methodists, was to spread Scriptural Christianity throughout the Land." To assist in promoting this object in South Aus tralia, this Chapel is erected to the honor and glory of the Triune God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost-— AMEN. The stone was then lowered, and the ordi nary coins of the realm, with the bottle con taining the inscription were placed under it, and Mr Stuckey, the architect, handed to the Go vernor a handsome embossed silver trowel, of a very costly description, with which to lay it, and on one side of which was the following inscription, with the names of the Ministers and Trustees, and a design of the chapel, as also with the following motto, '"The best of all is God is with us," on obverse:— THIS TROWEL was used in laying- the First Stone of the Wesleyan Chapel Pirie-street, Adelaide. [The Governor's Coat of Arms with motto tan* ptfor^ By His Excellency Sir H. E. F. Young, Knight, The Lieutenant Governor, and presented to him by the trustees on that occasion, l3th July, 1850. We hare been favoured with a sight of this trowel. It is an exquisite piece of co lonial workmanship, made to order from a design by Mr Payne, the engraver, and does great credit to that gentleman's artistic skill. The engraving on it by Mr Payne is of the first and best description, and points out that gen tleman as a person, to whom all matters of this kind may with the greatest confidence be entrusted. Its cost was 151., and it will, no doubt, be handed down, for a series of years, as a heir loom in Sir Henry Young's family. The stone having been laid. His Excellency returned to the higher ground, and delivered a short, but very neat and appropriate address, of which the following is the substance :— Reverend Gentlemen and Christian Friends.—It has ever appealed to my mind to be a duty incum bent on us all to act as coadjutors and brethren of a far greater society than that which is comprised in the congregations in which we commonly as semble. It is certain that we are citizens of a community which embraces all Christendom—redeemed by one ransom—pledged to one service—owing allegiance to the Christian law of love. I therefore give my sympathy and aid to the work of this day, hot for getting in what comparatively minor particulars I differ from my Wesleyan friends ; but recollecting much more vividly, and with much greater satis faction, the grand cardinal points on which we hold together the common Faith. In assisting to lay the foundation-stone of this House of Prayer, we are discharging a duty whieh we may fervently hope and believe will carry with it a blessing to- present and future times. In this edifice will be read and expounded the same sub lime version of the Holy Scriptures from which hope and consolation are proclaimed to our friends, relatives, and countrymen at home, and made known to all nations fur the obedience of the Faith. Whilst individuals are thus led to the only way of salvation, the peace and order of civil society will be promoted, by teaching also in this chapel thu scriptural doctrine of " Love the brotherhood, fear God, honour the King." As an individual and as a ruler, then, I rejoice that the zeal and liberality, and the number of the Weslcvans and their friends, are sufficient to engage in so praiseworthy an undertaking ; and I pray God to speed the good work. The Rev. T. N. Hull then said that before man began " to multiply and replenish the earth," the worship of the true God must have been confined to humble places of prayer, and, even in after ages, they could quote numberless instances where the most fervent worship was conducted without the accompaniment of very costly edifices. Fortunately for great portions of mankind, the spirit of the Gos pel rendered it imperative only to " Worship God in spirit and in truth," and when that was the case, it mattered little whether tlicir devotions were con ducted in the humblest abode or the most gorgeous temples. One of the most lovely traits of the Deity was, that he was not the God of a class, colour, people, sect, or clime, but the Lord God of all. He was not described as my Father, your Father, hit Father, but " Our Father," and nothing could be more in accordance, with the true spirit of Christi anity, than a spirit of benevolence towards each other. He hoped that in this, their much favoured, and adopted laud, that spirit would be always pre dominant, and that whatever might be their private differences on minor points, they would cordiallyjoin on the fundamental principles of Christianity, and mingle their prayers and praises to the honour and glory of the Gotl of all ; and, assisted,, by His di vine' grace, and the inward workings of J lis Holy Spirit, use their utmost endeavours humbly and conjointly to further the extension of His kingdom on earth. The speaker followed on at considerable length in the same ardent and eloquout strain, whieh was listened to by the crowded assembly with the utmost attention. The Rev. D. J. Draper then stated- that he was requested to say a few words relative to the finan cial position and prospects of the Chapel, which had been commenced under such favourable auspices. It was known to those who were in the habit of at tending Gawler-place Chapel, that it was well filled, and very many applications for pews and sit tings could not be complied with. Under these circumstances the trustees resolved on erecting a larger chapel. The land on which they now stood, had been purchased for £600, and the Chapel would cost about £3400, making a total of £4000, Towards this sum, £1000 had already been sub scribed, and as a general call would be made, it was believed that £600 or £700 mere would bu raised, including the opening services. The pro perty on the west side of Gawler-place would bo sold, and it was hoped that a large sum would be* obtained for it, whieh would be devoted to the pre sent building. On the whole it was believed that the Chapel and spacious School Rooms would bo finished, with about £1000 de!»t upon the property. Mr Draper stated, that daring the fifteen years fie had been labouring in the Australian Colonies, ne had attended many such services as the present, although but three others were on so large a sOale, viz., one in Sydney, and two in Pamunath, m New South Wales. Ho rejoiced that his Excellency had assisted in so good' a work, and called upon the assembly to identify themselves with the onward movement in extending the blessings of the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ. The Rev. Gentleman then gave out the doxology, and concluded this very interesting service with prayer. 