"TELL HIM I LOVE HIM YET." SUNG BY MISS SARA FLOWER. - COMPOSED BY MR. W. STANLEY. This elegant little ballad in D flat, common time, reflects great Credit on the composer; the melody is pleasing and well adapted to the words, and the piano-forte arrangement, though simple, is classically correct, and free from any over strained attempts to drag forth crude discords which in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred from false progressions of harmony, &c.; only tend to lay the would-be-composer open to ridicule. Mr. Stanley has avoided, in his well-set ballad, every folly of this nature ; his progressions, praparations, and resolutions, are scientific, and perfectly in keep ing with the words, We earnestly reoommend this sweet little production to young ladies, who are desirous to cultivate their taste for good music, instead of humming and strumming over the trash continually sent over to this colony from song manufacturers in England ; who, availing themselves of the success of an inte- resting plot, of the admiration excited by a grand display of scenery, decorations, &c.;, without the slightest remorse or com- punction, dress themselves in borrowed plumes, and farm their music on the public as the great magnet of attraction. We under- stand how this clap-trap is supported by some critics of the press. The lackbrained musical connoiseur - whose want of capacity renders him incapable of appreciating either the sublime or pathetic - becomes fairly entrapped by the PUFFING MANOEVURE; and with that delicate modesty so peculiar to ignorance, he will sing these songs with feelings of ecstacy, and listen to them when sung by other singers with forced emotions of imaginary bliss, and with eyes most languishingly and most sentimentally turned up like those of a "duck in a gutter;" especially if there should be a musical pun, such as a very soft little note to the word SMALL, and a tremendous loud large note to the word GREAT. The most common mistake of a certain class of SONG MAKERS, alias COM- POSERS, and of a certain class of SQUALLERS, alias SINGERS, is to express words and not ideas. There is no trap so likely to catch them as the words HIGH and LOW, DOWN and UP. "By G., (as Quin says) they must bite." In what raptures was Purcell when he composed "They go down to the sea in ships." How lucky a circumstance that there was a singer at that time who could go down to double D, that is D below the bass staff, and also go up two octaves above! for there is in other parts of the anthem a going UP as well as DOWN. Avison, speaking of a certain class of composers and singers, who give their dexterous imitations of the meaning of a few words, which occur in the hymns or songs which they set to music, remarks, "Were one of these gentlemen to express the following words of Milton \----"There songs Divide the night, and lift our thoughts to heav'n;" it is highly probable that, upon the word DIVIDE, he would run a division of half-a dozen bars; and, on the subsequent part of the sentence, he would not think he had done the poet justice, or RISEN to that HEIGHT of sublimity which he ought to express, till he had climbed up to the very top of his instrument, or at least as far .as the human voice could follow him. And this would pass, with a great part of mankind, for musical expression, instead of that noble mixture of solemn airs and various harmony, which indeed elevates our thoughts, and gives that exquisite pleasure, which none but the true lovers of harmony can feel." We shall continue this subject in our next paper. In the mean- time, we earnestly recommend to the musical, "Tell him I love him yet." The Free Masons Grand Ball and Supper. — This maguifi cent assembleo came off at the Royal Hotel, on Monday evening last, attended by all the members of the different bodies, dressed in their oostly and superb regalia. Nothing oould exceed the hilarity and good feeling which prevailed throughout the whole evening. The danoing commenced at an early hour ; every description of danae was gone through, frpm the volti deux temps to the more sober English oountry dance, the " triumph." At twelve tbe sup per room was thrown open, and a more sumptuous vivanderie never was exhibited at any party, or under any circumstances, or better wines, pastry, or fruit at table. W e cannot help noticing the good taste and compliment paid to the Most Ancient Order of Free Masons, and the oitizena of Sydney generally, by tbe gallant Colonel of her Majesty's 1 1 th regiment. He not only gavo the band, but came, himself, and a -whole staff with him, <4 con atnore,'' for the evening's eolat. There is something so truly tbe gentleman in the character of a British aifieer, when be not only assists in the promo tion of pleasure in any plaoe amongst oitizens where he may chance to be quartered, but adds also agreeable manners and keeps it up so tbat the musio may not " wind off" to interrupt the 44 qui rive" of the evening ; that it deserves, some future day, a recollec.ion by paying him the oompliment, when he and his gallant brother offioers leave the Colony, in a 44 rapelling" return. There was not the slightest manner of disappointment to tbe vary last 44 pipe of the dancef' and it is much to be hoped that the five years absence of this band of harmony to the 44 light fantastio toe," may become an annual brotherly festival to the hearty desire of every one who was present The ladies were dressed in tbe very 44 gossamer" of fancy's fairy dream, and the 41 gentlemen in black were entirely lost amidst the blozon of 8t. John of Jerusalem's splendid emblazoning. There were never 250 in the room atone time, and it was long after the hour of Hamlet's ghost (and hi bride too) that they 4 cooed" off to rest. A more pleasant, sooiable, well completed erening was never spent. Thb Police Office Practice.— We last week entertained our readers with the opinion of the Police Offioe Attorneys relative to the duties and qualifications of magistrates, and this week wo sub join the magistrates opinion of the praotitioners, delivered from tbe bench on Tuesday by Mr. Holrfen 4 i am really grown so siok of the oonduot of professional men in this oourt, that I frequently think of ooming to the conclusion that I ought not to oontioue to listen to one of them. This court, iu my humble opinion, is more like a bear garden than a oourt of justice, or an assembly of rational creatures." . ,6 are oooastonally suspeoted of speaking strongly of thisoourt, but all tqueamishness about strong wordi must disap ear after this. Of course, the Attorneys will be staunch supporters of Mr, Hoiden at the ensuing election. Writ of Election.— -His Excellency the Governor direots It to be notified, for general information, that William Bland, Esq, having in due form resigned his seat in the Legislative Counoil for the electoral district of the city of Sydney, a writ has been issued for the eleotion of a member to i-erve in the Legislative Council for the said discrict, during the continuance of the present Council and that the following arrangement has been made for the said election Chief Polling Place, or Place, ef Nomination, Bonrke Ward. -Date of Writ, 25th June, 1850. Date' of Nomination, 23rd July, 1850. Polling Day, 24th July, 1850. Return of Writ 3rd August. 1850. Bai hurst Town Common.— His Excellency the Governor has appointed Mr. Lawrence Brynes to be Crown Bailiff for the pro tection of the lands forming the Bathurst Town Extension Reserve and temporarily appropriated as a pasture for tbe use of tbe inha bitants of Bathurst, agreeable to the notice from the Colonial Secretary's Offioe, dated the 29 th day of May last. Small Debis Court, Shoalhaven.— The Court of Petty Ses sions at Shoalhaven has appointed Mr. Francis Seager to be Registrar of the Court in the room of Mr. Charles Edward resigned. Murrurundi asd Haydbnion.— His Excellency the Governor has, by a proclamation in the Government Gazette, directed tbat tbe provisions of the Act 2 Victoria, as amended by a certain ether Aotof tbe Governor and Counoil, passed in tbe 11th year of her Majesty's Reign, intitutled, 44 An Act to amend an Act forregulat ing police in the towns of Parramatta, Windsor, Maitland, Bathurst, and other towns respectively, and for the removing and preventing nuisances and obstructions, and for better alignment of streets therein," be extended to tbe towns of Murrurundi and Haydenton, in the oounty of Brisbane. , . Robbery — Batween-tbe hours of twelve and one o'clock on Sunday morning last, a stout man, very well dressed, ab ut five feet six or eight inches-high, name unknown, who was residing as a temporary lodger at M'An'ally's lodging house, Sussex street, got out of bed when the other inmates were asleep, and. proceeding to tbe stable stole therefrom a brown hone, about 14 hands high, branded TL near shoulder, blaze on the forehead, near hind foot white, about five years old, also a saddle and bridle, tbe property of one Dennis Shea, a lodger in tbe same bouse. He also fleeced another of the lodgers, named Michael Boes, of £2 in notes and £6 in silver, a pair of blaok trousers, a pair doeskin trousers, a satin vest, a doeskin vest, four silk handkerchiefs, a pair of Wel lington boots, and a silver watch and chain. The thief was not missed till morning, when he was pursued but without success. Stealing a Whbslbarrow.— About half-past seven o'olock, p.m., on Monday, constable J obn Rogers observed a suspicious charaoter wheeling a barrow along Parramatta street, and thinking that ho was after no good, kept a look out for him. when he shortly found him offering the barrow for sale for five shillings, although it was well worth fifteen. Rogers immediately apprehended him, aud lodged him in the watch-house. On Tuesday morning he was brought before the Bench, and his well known countenance in stantly identified. He was the celebrated rogue and vagabond Thomas Whale, who has figured in the dock for many years for similar offences, and on this occasion modestly stated that the bar row was a borrowed one, which he meant to return to its owner a person named Wright, residing in King street. As Mr Wright oould not agree with this story, on any account, the Whale got oommitted to take his trial, and we hope will be kept in aafc cub tody for a year or two. Fire. — At half- past seven o'clock on Saturday evening last, con stable William Toole discovered tbe chimney of a house, occupied by a woman named Margaret Williams, residing iu Kent-street South, to be on fire. The constable procured the attendance of Messrs. Bown and Doling, who, with the assistance of the other constables, extinguished the fire, whioh at one time bore a very alarming appearance. Mr. Bown used, with great effect, a small engine of bis own construction. Tbe Corporation engine was in attendance, the ladders and buckets of whieh were used at the fire, but the engine was not worked. 