THE GREATEST J)ISU0VKltXT Otf T H E AGE. UNBEK. thd above heading, au announcement was hUoly made, and went therouads of the p.apai s, of the discovery of a new gas in Amcrioa, {'or the patent of which, some millions of dollars had been paid, and which was entirely to do away with all other gases, as dull, and extravagantlights. We now find in a late paper, the following most :w.nil ia ting annihil.Mion or this splendid discovery. THE H Y D R : )-E LVX;T RIC T.TGHT. (From the Journal of G;s Lijkhng) Under this title «•« inserted in our June .mmiber, an extract from an American paper, announcing that a Mr II. M. Paine, of Worcester, Massachusets hail invented an app trains tor evolving hydrogen and oxygen gases from the decomposition of water, by the agoncy of cle.-trieity generated by mechanical means, the hyd ogeii beiiitf carbonized and used for producing light, •orburnt in its natural State for giving heat. The mechanical means employed were state;.! to be a weight of 671b* falling nine feet, being sullicient to produce 1000 feet of gag in an hour. Such a process has long been a favorite one with many of the ardent votaries of tlii$ branch of science; and, incredible as the results above stated appeared, we were scarcely prepared for (he. miserable imposture which the following report proves to have lieen, in this case, practised upon the world. The British public are in- ^ debted to Dr Fyfefor having exn'ised some or the jugglery by which unscrupulous inventors seek to putt' their schemes in this country; but the American fairly bears the palm from his British rival: arid we feel indebted to our New York friends for the assistance they have afforded & ns iu thus exposing such empiricism " To tho Presidents of the New York and Manhattan Gas Light Company. " Gentlemen : A t the request of Mr Green, the agent of Air PoJrick, and agreeably to your instructions, I have examined (as fa-r as X was permitted so to do) the apparatus of Mr Paine ut Worcester. *• At. my first interview with ?«r Green in this city, *I tohi bint I had i:o faith in Mr Paine's'ability to produce from water a gas that vjuld bean e*co;iomic-il rail, and that such gas, be it ever so ehaspiy made, was of no value as a source of light; that if Mr Paine passed this water gin through spirits of t-urpentino or naptha, i-hs light produced was in proportion to t-he quantity of nopt'iaor turpentine consumed, and that water gas, combined with the vapours, of turpentine, could neve;- compete with coal * gas. I'uf. Mi Green sa-d I was mistaken, ' that all that was written in the book* on this subject was r.voiig he did not expect me to credit his sUtem-iifs, but if I would go to Worcester with him, he would convince me that Mr Paine had discovered a method of producing and carbonizing hydrogen that was simple ami cheap. I asked him'if I might invite l)rs Torrey and Chilton to go with me, und if they woulo be allowed to inspect the apparatus He said he would l« happy to have me do se, arid to invite «.s many seieutiiio friends (is I pleased; that Mr Paine would be pressnt to answer any questions we might desire to ask, and would show us every 'portion of his apparatus, exe-pt the electrodes and tho helices; that as ths-se contained his secret, we eoulil not s: had purchase I the right to uto the discovery, end'that this right should not be offered • to any party in New York until my return. But that I miglit k'low that no deception was prae -t:sed, be would have thajps made in our presence, tdlow us to n.ake it by flie «| paratns which he wouU show ns, and to test it in any way we P'saaed. I then asked iiirn lo name tne day, and l would invite riv fi lends to meet hirn.* He jiawsd Tuesday, the '25th of June. I met vr Oreea again cn Monday, and told him that Drs Chiitoi) and Torrey wouhl H'O with us, and th -.t wo would meet him that afternoon at the Rail • and Mr Blake to meet in at Worcester. "O.i Tuesday we met at. the hotel at- Worcester, and were introduced to Mr Pediiek by Mr Green, but Mr Paire was not present, i.aving Veen called from the city, as now alleged by Mr Green, l>y a previous engagement Mr Pedrick invited ns to visit the machinery of Mr Paine at bis room in the Worcester Exchange Buiiding. "We did so, and were tiK-n introduced to a vomig»-r 'brother of Mr Paine. In the centre of this room t'e saw a disjointed piece of nt'ichinery, said by Mr Pedrick to be tho machine with which fcr ; Paine decomposed water. Mr Pedrick and Mr i Paine made some explanat : on respecting the j fection of this machine, but from it3 disjointed! And imperfect state we could form <.:j definite l •idea of Its mode of operation. _ i two-light gas bracket stoo«l on the mantel. Mr ! Paine liirlited one of the burners, which gave a ' trery bright light. On smelling the gas as it . passed through the burners when not lighted, it j aad the odour of oil gas. We were then shown j into a basement room in the rear of t|ie house 1 Jn this room, supported on four bricks, was a box about t-»o feet square and ten inches high, •two •ter, vessel Trom near , the gas-holder placed eu the outside of the building. From this pipe was a branch leading upward to a small tin cylinder of the capacity of a r.uart measure. In this cylinder Mr Paine said •tne gas used in the licuse was ' carbonized.' A smBU plugged opening attached to this cylinder leaked. I>r. To.-rey tested the liqnor which dropped and ascertained it to lie water, Ac- •coraing Aug to Mr raine'8 Paine's statement tnis this vessel «ht)uld have contained spirits of turpentine. Another branch p'qie leading Irom the one connecting the gas-holder with the ' decomposing ves^ei/ turned oft* in a contrary direction, and temlin;; downward passed through the cork of a * wide-necked glass liottle and dipped into spirits of turpentine. Another tube was inserted in the cork with a burner attached to its upper «nd. " Mr Paine lighted the gas; it bnrned with <1 bright ligllt, Wing the appearauce of being oil g'ts- Mr Paine and Mr Pedrick assured us that the gas was hydrogen, produced from water by the machine before us, and that- it was carbonized* by being paxsed through turpentine alone. I asked Mr Paine to disconnect the pipe from the I ottle of turpentine, and burn the gas «s it i>mied from the gasholder, that we might be Mire it would not sive light before it entered the turpentine Mr Paine positively refused to do so, mid said his brother had forbidden his disconnecting any pipe. Mr Pedrick asked me what it was I suspected ? and said it had passed through the turpentine, and knew my suspicions to be anju9t. >iy answer was—' Before I had eeen the gis burned, many & time both before and after I came here, I was tola by your agent you'won't', prove fo tny entire satisfaction, and tc the satisfaction 01 tho -:ntl«mon who woul: accompany me, that the gas was hydrogen produced irom water by electricity, and that u would not give light until it had passed thronaI turpentine. 0 1 want you to prove the far?, if it is a f.ct, that I may report as such when 1 return." I Mr Bioko asked Mr Pedriek if he would pevi:;il ifit* pip* to bo drawn through tho cork, far enoii,;-ii lo raise it nhovo the surface of the turpentine—this he could do without disconnecl-iiijr any pipe--still Mr Paine refused. Considerable disiit-feion ensued, during which Mr Paino left the room. ]>r Torrey asked Mr Pedrick if he did not think the refusal of -Mr Paine to submit the gas to this test was calculated to justify suspicion. Kc confessed it was, but said thc.y must obtain o:dcr*. Mr Pedrick then ?-tep|>e'd out, and called for Mr Paine After a whiio Mr Paine reap|>ourcd—a conversation in private was held Itot-v/een them, and then Mr Pedrick said, ' Gentlemen, wo will raise the pipe, and satisfy you that there is no deception/ The pipe was accordingly raised. Mr Paine lighted the gas— it gave a very feeble light. Mr lYdrick asked if we were satisfied now. I said, ' I am satisfied that tho gas which is now j as piije is hydrogen, and you will obli»e mo by permit tin" the pipe to lie immersed in the turpentine again, and let me see what kind of light we will «et then.' Mr Paine refused, hut we insisted upon the experiment being made, and told him wo wished to see if hydrogen gas could he carlmrctted as asserted. VV'e wen; careful this lima to prevent any one from leaving the room. After the pipe was restored to its original position in the bottle of turpentine, it «as some tini«- i'eforo Mr Paine could be induced to apply the match. When at last he did so—the flame sh-i'ved the gas lo be iivdro:?en still, and a very diS'ere:!?. article from ili?t V-: to:: :;iM>i to m at first. A very feobl* li<;ht, difi'-r- injf but. little from the result of the second experiment showed, beyond all doubt, in the minds of the gentlemen*who were with me, that the gas v.'as unfit, for illumination. Mr Paine appeared greatly confused at the result, and said the last light was as bright as the first; hutDrs. Chilton and Torrey both exclaimed, 'Not so, not so. but much piler;' and to this declaration both Mr Blake ai\d Mr JDarracott assented. Mr Paine having extinguished the li- Jit., and refusing fo permit any further pxaiiiina'.ion, we left the ho:rs?. The gasholder, which was placed outside the house, was empty. 1 Mr Paine could have drawn his supply from that. "The refusal of Mr Paine to permit any further investigation was a violation or good faith, alter the assurance evidence would be produced as could not fail !o Convince me and the gentleman who misrht accompany me, that no deception was intended • o be prac!.is*-d. I have seen nothing which induces me to believe that Mr Paine has made anv discovery whatever. I did not see the gas made, nor was I satisfied as to the alleged manner of there -could he between the apparatus requisite t-) produce illuminating gas and the apparatus that was shown us. I am confident that oil gas was burnins - at one time, and free hydrogen at another, and that tU swnts of turpentine could have been dispensed with altogether, without in any way affecting tho results of the experiments made. " All tJie effects m&ht; easily have been pi adored by conneoting Jie p.j.es w.t-h vessels ! concealed in the cellar ' •• ••••' — ? ? •••••.IIIIIII.IJMIJIII» 1 MI WNAIIAMUIMM n I m , lot , , ni. ' at E JSffV l '"- ^ ^.. A r ,ri u ' !iftu ; u ' e3 neeted with 1 lie. loss cf tin Orion, havo fonml the T >Hte '', l *l s, ' v . ( ' ,; wars tiaiuim Uw«u. George !.. ,u*l«n.U trie first mate of the vessel, was a subordinate perso.-iS to place in command of their ship.. JVacticallv ihij has not been found to b- a . snPiieient guarantee. An ae.:idcnt happens—if the ! circumstanccs corrected with it are of a very heinous character it is perhaps sent up for tiii-.', the captain is arraigne-i for manslaughter and probably acquitted; or, if found guilty, ho es-tipes ' with an admonition from thejndge and a merely nominal sentence. Stte-h has been the pruciiee in England, but the Scotch lawje-« have acteil with a better judgment, and with a more provident care for tho public safety, it-is clear enough that the officers of tho Orion J 1^1 "<> intention of murdering the passengers on creatu^a depended. Of this they have been convicted, and certiunly the sentence does not ? err on the side of severity .—Timet. WHY Sta Cm KI.ES NAPIKK RBSICNT.O—Aeontemporary publishes a letter on this subject from Sir W. Napier. The gallant oflicer s.iys : it has been said that a difference has arisen between him and Lord Dalhonsio because of some It is true Sir Charles Napier has tendered his resignation on account of a difference between him and Lord Dalhousie; but it is not true that this difference arose about barrack buildiiig—or .from any desive to make war—or because he disbanded the 66th regiment—or that his language was intemperate and unbecoming —or that he resigned peevishly. The real cause imperative upon Sir Chat les Napier resign the hi^h offico conferred 011 him by his ! Sovereign; and he is prepared to justify his'con-j duetto ct to that gracious Sovereign aiid and to the public, • proudly confident that * he has served both well, ' and would have served them better, if he had ( been permitted to combine such service with that self-respect which no man can relinquish without dishonour. HER MAJESTY ASD MB R. STEPIIESSOS, M. RAFOSAL OP A KNIGHTHOOD.—The Queen, after viewing the gigantic Tweed viaduct, at Berwick, to be called henceforth, by her JvJajesty's command, the "Royal Border-bridge," was pleased to testify her sense of the eminent- scientific skill o*' tne engineer, Mr Stephenson, by offering him through Sir George Grey, the honor of knight- hood. Mr Stephenson, no' doubt, fuilv appreciated the honor so gracefully tendered by fiovaltv to science, but grat fu'ly and resp'ctfufly declined it As a great statesman, lately and suddenly removed .from u*,plae beittg tta first- commoner in the kingdom, stid refused «I1 higher title, it is probubl'e th«t ]Mr 5st-.phei:son, sprung directly from the people, wishes to be remembered as the first ensr'neei amcnirst great engineers, without, olsscuring Vis name in the roll of namel">s knights— lilc'-.')/ Chronicle of Sunday.— If ssdentary hah its rre so brd for health, 1 ov couies it that oysters thrive so ? TICKSVUMAHINK TKI.KGR.A)?H. — STEAM COM MUSICATIOS WITHAMTFRIOAFROM Iiusu PORTS. 'i'hat the mail packets to and from Amciica must [ henceforth mako freland the last point of ue- j parturc for tho western continent, and tho first i point to be tombed .on their voyage to eastern f 4md, is now a point decided—decided not by ilie j GovoMimcnis nor legislatures, but by an inevit- j siblo necessity arising out of a physical fact-just acconipiyiuf Tins wires of the submarine telegraph lVum Pover to Calais are now laid down, ami have already transmitt.-d message:? along the bottom of tli«* .Strait, from land to land, l'lie thirtv mile strait at Dover being thus successful ly'spanned, there can no longer be any doubt but that the sixty mile strait (ittwrcn llngland and Ireland will, within a very short time, be spanned likewise. The extension of the telegraph to any point in Ireland is ail easy matter. A :il the lueiins of instantaneous c<-nimuuicaticn between any—the remotest—point of Jreinnd and every important point of I'ngland being thu- , established, we have at length re tched the time when mail steamers sailing for America must, as a matter of commercial necessity, ou their outward voyage, either originally 'sail from, or, a: ieasr, touch at an Irish port,* in order to carry with them thirty hours' later news ; and must, on their voyage 'horn •, deliver their intelligence -.vt the same' Irish port, in order that it may reach iSnglind thirty lf>urs before these vessels car. p > sibly reach England themselves T:;b isrTjRNATt ):;AT, i'ssiatTiox,—It is, p?r- It • ps, questionable whether London ever hold so distinguished a position, or whether Britain was ever so truly great, in the sight of all nations, as at this moment, in anticipation of that grand cosmopolitan centralization of tV whole world's ent rprise, which will virtually elect the capital of Plngland into the eominarchil metropolis of the nations. For then, without the slightest- vestiyy of a hyperbole, will there be here assembled the representative fruits of the genius and industry of " every nation under Heav-n" toilo homage U>'the ore-eminence of eve.-y British Empire, as at least the central mart tor all, whatever be the result to it in particular, as that " Great Babylon" to which " all the merchants of the' earth'' will doubtless bo d=voiod till the ominous end of their commercial empire. The several announcements of the intention of many of the more civilised nations on the. continent of Furope and America to take part in the great ju 'ilee or fair have long been made known, as indeed have subsequently tlioe of the less-civilised Asiatic nations—such as the Hindus, Chinese, and Persians, St ll more recent announcements are those from Turkey, the Sultan having decided that specimens o: Turkish manufactures shall be sent to the Inhibition ; and from Peru, the President of which has issued a decree appointing a commission to sdectand take charge of the Peruvian contributions. In short. the whole world is astir, and London and its next year s sights are the anticipate subject of th,.t! whole wcrlu's wonder and expectation, from the present lime forth till the grand consumniation A CI.KVER TIUKF.-OH Thursdav, a M.;I drcsseil as a mcchani,. ; wellD to a house i \- - - - - the inmates made her appearance, he said, " Pvc : Drought this bed." " Hs»l!" repli-d the woman, I '{; h « b0! V ,!,a f: , tim . e ciai'scl j K-fore it was discovered ho* nunpleHv the bu.!» : owners bud had been Ixten done.— ? J PUSOE::T, IF TKI-B — P.ust ling into the refresh Ii..-I,t room of the (biteKiioa-l R. tilwav Station, ti'O "ex-Railwav King" accosted a cleruvma, «l.o was reading the Times of the I0:li uit, ! uskin,, ,. im 1K. v., V w|, at nc. A, s?., Loo,..' , Well"' " H K : ; ev , lUt tnniw| t:ljl !llul ri>„ ci| „,,,. „ f tjK 1V1!:, , s * ? ? w.dl.— " If there is any plc.ce where I like to ransack business rmro than another," said Sirs l'ariingtor., with animation, untying from tl-e corner of her handkerchief a sum oi' money—"if thero is any place better thsiii another it is a ban!:, TheiVsno dilly-tlalliance and beat in' down ami botherin.' you with a thousand questions, till you don't know whether your heels are up or your head is down ; all you have to do is to put your bill on the counter, and they exonerate it at once without a word." One of his neighbours once wont to Xassered- « What do vou ' mean ?" said tho rici»hbottr, «| I0W can a rope roj be used to bind up flour'!" " A rope may bo appli- d to any use," replied the Koodjah", " whii ,'hcn I do not "wish to lend it." In years <>-one bv, when it was the fashion for ladies't« tr?m tliei'rstraw bonnets with artificial wheat and bar lev iu ears, a satirist of the time burgh newspapers contain advertisements of " Cheap Excursions to London, ami back again." We do not tbink the latter part of the advertisewent will be any great temptation lo Scotchmen to join the excursion, however cheap. Now if the advertisement had said "Cheap Excursions to London, and N »T to come nnck again," it womd . <»f applicants.— John Wilkc-s was onco asked by a Kosnan Catholic gentleman, in a warm 'dispute 'disputs 011 reii • gion. "Where" was your Church before bel'ort Luther? 1 »I)i< Did yon wash your fa-a this morning f" quired the facetious alderman. "I did, sir " "Then, pray,' where was your face before it was washed P. An orator in the House of Commons was describing the inordinate lovo of praise which characterised an opponent. " Th t Honourable Member" said, " he is so fowl of being praised, that I really believe he would be content to give up the ghost, if it were I nt to look up and road tho stone-cutter's puff on his tombstone." A PAJSTEK'S MISERY.---flooring ft person say " Well, to be sure, if it wasn't ror the fare, I should think that was meant for Miss E it I'eing intended f»r that identical person. " I wish you would, pay a little attention, sir," •>.xclaimed a'stage manager to a careless actor. "Well, sir, so am paying as little as I can, sir," w.;s the calm rep?v. A genilemtn'meiting John Savago one day 1 -okintf very (icto.'f.us, said, " Wi.y, Jack, what ..•hi yoh; i'si.'t yoer ii-lult in tvtio';" 1 i-'osi- ," rop'i$*t J:tc!r, ''ii'-'i ia p wn." St>mebo.iy wVo Las -.vide.tly been aV.oad a good deal, aa,\s that If an t.m goes travelling, I ne will uot come home u hciso.'' " CHARLES EOO.ME." (iBOROK D.tBB ACOTT, CHnTov T 'y D • '•»M'-s'i. CHii.TO!», Jotix oitx si. u. BI.AKK." ni.AK K." ; j ? Other journals confii sn ihe announcement. .—Freeman' Journal. The Builder Brighton Guardian. ' 6ic;4e Turkish Jest Book. . Paneh. 