REMINISCENCES OF A TRAVELLER. BY WILLIAM M. LEGGETT, M. A. BRITISH AMERICA.—(continued) No. IX. Mr. Patrick Maloney was a decent lad from the land of "iverything"—even star- vation. He had sought an asylum in Bri- tish America, bought one hundred acres of wilderness land, brought a reasonable quan- tum of the same under due cultivation, and built thereupon a neat little cottage "twelve feet by fourteen." I had known him sufficiently long to feel justified in addressing him familiarly—that is by the musical soubriquet "Pat." When travelling incog, I love to be somewhat familiar with the "boys from the bogs;'' for, somehow or other, they do excel all other boys of the multiplied nations in richness of brogue, divarsion, and divil- ment. I was passing the door of the chapel in *******, when, ye Nymphs of Apollo! who should be just coming forth from the altar (of Hymen) but Pat and his blushing bride! This being the first hint I had received of his marital predilections, I reined in my steed, and, much to his embarrassment, ac- costed him. "What's the matter, Pat?" "I couldn't hilp it, yer honour, so I could'nt!" "What, man?—couldn't help what?" "Och, don't be afther bothering a poor benighted fellow craiture, thin! Does'nt myself fale quare enough entirely?" "You've been getting a wife, eh?" "Sure his Riverence is afther tilling me that same!" "Why didn't you let me know you were going to have a wedding?" "It's myself's got more manners nor till spake before a gintleman axes, sir." "I passed your place yesterday, and saw you digging a well, I think?" "A well, sir? Bedad you didn't thin?" "What then?" "It was the dirt I was digging, sir, and laving the well in place of it, so it was." "Well, well, have it your own way. But what gentlemen were those talking to you?" "Was it on the outside of two harses they were, plaize?" "Ay, they were mounted." "Sure it was shintlemen thravelling to town, sir?" "And what were they laughing about so uproariously?" "Myself doesn't like to tell, sir." "Nonsense! What was you saying to them?" "Didn't the pair of 'em spake 'till me first, sir? Sure I only answered in civility." "Come, come, none of your humbugging. What was it all about?" "Why, thin, your honour, its maybe they axed me, in divilment, if myself was afther gathering the dirt I was digging, to take it to market? and seeing that their own fine fatures were turned that way, for the sake of plisant conversation, I says, says I 'Sure an there's dirt enough going in now?' " "Oh, Pat! you're a rum customer!" "Niver a ha'porth, when whiskey's to be had, thin!—and myself was presinted wid de value of a noggin by the pair of thim! Maybe I didn't drink long life till their honours, not forgitting myself intil the bargain!" "Well, I hope you'll be kind to your wife, Pat. What's her name?" "Isn't it misthress Maloney, sir, and the praist's blissing on top of it?" "Yes; but how was she called before marriage?" "Three times, by word of mouth, and lawful banns, sir." "Pshaw! what was her maiden name?" "She wasn't a maiden, at all, your ho- nour, by the same token she niver wint out to sarvice!" "You don't understand me, man!" "Troth, mysilf does, sir." "What was her name?" "Och, name is it? Arrah, now, wasn't it Kitty, sure?" "Kitty what?" "I doesn't know, sir, barring her Mo- ther's name was Mick Murphy." "Her father's name, you mean?" "She niver had one!" "Never had a father?" "Faix, its mother, I manes!" "Niver had a mother?" "Maybe its altogither wrang I am! Iver since we were married I fale such an overishness all over me! What is it, Kitty, dear? Sorra begone, but I'm afther for- getting my mimory! (suddenly starting.) Whist! whist! sure Himsilf's coming!" "Why its only the Priest!" "Bad luck to de boy ad ud spake widout raison in his most holy prisince! May the saints defind us!" I left him and his wife to be defended by as many saints in the calendar as were gra- ciously pleased to answer the petition, and rode on for refreshment. After lunch, I sat playing with my toothpick beside an open window, when voices in altercation approached the inn. (1st voice)—"Heave to, my hearty! back your maintopsails! You're running too long afore the wind, I say! Tom Jones, ahoy!" (2nd voice, Kitty's)—"Behave yoursilf, Tam Jones!" (1st voice)—"Send me and all hands to Davy's Locker, if you're a going to board a strange craft arter that fashion! Let go her rigging there!" (3rd voice)—"Ay, ay, sir!" (4th voice, Paddy's)—"Ye's a blatherin vilyain, and coward too intil the bargain." (5th voice)—"I jist tell yer what it is, Misther Boney Maloney,—I won't stand it from you nor nobody nohow. I courted the gal afore you, the last time I come from Boston to the fisheries, and if I'm a mind to buss her decent, its no business o' yourn,— so now!" (Clip, clip, clipety.) A beautiful battle succeeded. Eyes were sealed, noses smashed, and teeth ejected from their natural premises. There never was precisely such a scene before, and there never will be precisely such a scene, again!" * * * * * A few months after—only a few months —I was riding in the direction of Maloney's cottage. Poor Pat was sitting on his door sill, so lost in the fog of reflection that he neither saw nor heard me, until I pulled up immediately before him. "How are you, Pat?" "Och hone! och hone! och hone! "What's the matter, man?" "Iverything!" "Has anything happened the wife?" "Sure she's dead, sir!" "Dead? You amaze me!" "Dead to all sinse of propriety and na- theral affiction!" "What do you mean?" "Sure your honour remimbers the bla- thering Yankeeman! Didn't the thafe of the world stale a kiss from her vargin lips the day mysilf married her? and the na- theral consequence folly'd, in coorse! Arn't the pair of thim run away and eloped and escaped, tear an' ouns! Och murther!" Mr. Maloney's melancholy statement, alas, was too true! but the runaways were cut short in their career of iniquity. Un- fortunate Kitty sickened and died, and her Yankee paramour was drowned soon after. No. X. The Doctor, whose ideal phiz must be somewhat familiar to my reader, agreed to accompany me on an excursion of pleasure. We accordingly started with a horse and gig, in the finest trim imaginable. We took care to carry in our gig-box a plen- tiful supply of cigars, brandy, and worm- wood. "Absinthium" he assured me, was the vegetable tree of life, from which the most sublime of all metaphors is borrowed. He cited, in support of his theory, the sayings of Boerhaave, and lamented that persons of consumptive habits were not universally apprized in time, of its virtues. "Steeped in brandy, sir," he exclaimed with energy; steeped in brandy, it is almost a Catholicon!" In the course of our rambles here, there, and every where, we met with a ludicrous adventure. We stopped all night at a public house, kept by a widow of the Doc- tor's acquaintance. The lady was com- plaining, and her medical friend volunteered advice, but in terms so untwistingly tech- nical that I could only catch the words dyspnœa, and something like dyscrasy. There were other travellers present, and what with the general call for spirit, and the bodily indisposition of the landlady, the family œconomics were thrown into derangement. But the cheerful Doctor as- sumed sans ceremonie the office of Major Domo, and discharged it, in fact, with such marital importance that the strangers ac- costed him with all the imperatives usually bestowed on a veritable landlord. His career was checked by some envious imp in an old black bottle, which he now held up before his right eye, the other being closed as if to concentrate all his visual energies in the scrutiny. "O, ye Hungarians, Rus- sians, Turks, and Tartars!" he cried, as in utter astonishment—"here is a wash for a Christian Oesophagus! (tasting it with a hor- rible grimace.) Acid, by the great father of physicians! but neither natural, artifi- cial, nor manifest. It is dubious acid, (stead- fastly regarding it.) I see the ghost of Acetum that has been murdered by inches!" An hysterical screech burst from the chair in which the lady of the house had been sitting, and, in the twinkling of an eye, she was a comfortless bundle on the floor. There she laid, deprived of sensation, yet retaining a strong pulse, with deep inspira- tion. "Venesection, pedeluvium, and mer- cury," said the Doctor, abstractedly, but yet in a professional manner, as he stood over the patient. "Mercury?" cried the good woman's minikin of a nephew, as if the very utter- ance of the word were ominous of slaughter. "Ay, sir, mercury!" responded the Doc- tor with a dash of severity, that was only intended to annihilate the officiousness of the very little fellow—"I said mercury, sir,—not the mercury of astronomy, nor that of heraldry, nor that of mythology; but the mercury of chemistry. Do you happen to have any special acquaintance with its natura?" "No—n—no, sir," said the boy. "Then do not presume on the strength of your aunt's foolish nepotism, sir! (aside) The blatent vituline!" The fact is the Doctor was frightened— evidently frightened. He had either done, or said, or thought something wrong; but what that something was, must remain a mystery, until it is herein historically dis- closed. His patient was borne into another room, and he, as her medical adviser, fol- lowed. I amused myself as I best could under the circumstances for a good round hour, when in popped the Doctor, with his usual face on, which told me at once the fact of the widow's convalescence. "It was all my fault," said he, busily rubbing his hands as he said it—"but quite unin- tentionally—quite so." "Perhaps you will graciously condescend to make yourself intelligible," I remarked, with assumed nonchalance. "Why, you see, my dear fellow," con- tinued the Doctor, "the good lady's maiden name was Inches, and her husband's name Setum." "What of that?" I enquired. "Do you ask such a question?" he ex- claimed, with a look of sovereign pity for my lack of penetration, "didn't I unfortu- nately say that I saw the ghost of a setum, (Acetum) that had been murdered by Inches? And was'nt that very like a hor- rible insinuation?'' Mysterious causes at once transpired. Mrs. Setum, who was rather superstitious, and who looked upon the Doctor as upon one invested with all the omnipotence of alchemy, imagined that his memorable ex- clamation had reference to her dear departed, and (all the circumstances considered) no wonder! Convulsed with laughter, I sought refuge in a chamber, (my dormitory for the night) and, finally, sobered down sufficiently to complete my account of the trees, plants, &c.;, belonging to the province. That the reader may entertain not the least doubt of this last named achievement, a faithful copy of the same shall be furnished in my very next number. (To be continued.) 