EXTRACTS. DOCTOR LANG'S COLLEGE.—It was either Duns Scotus, or Albertus Magnus or Friar Bacon that was called in the days of the "Black Art"' the 'wonderful doctor; but whatever the marvels they wrought to gain the distinguished cognomen, certes there was nothing to confer celebrity upon them, that will stand .' a comparison with the conjurations of the 'wondefel doctor' of our colonial age. Whe ther it be in the depths or mysteries of speculative land and immigration societies, in dependent or rather lawless churches, educa tional institutes, or legislative reforms, Dr Lang is "all there," "all at home." Eternal agitation, perpetual scheming, ceaseless solici tation, and tireless scribling compose the at mosphere in which he breathes moves and has his being. His 'last move on the board" is to go a begging after the fashion of the kin of Tara for and on behalf of the Australian College which, like all his other projects is as rank an imlau)sture as ever was perpetrated. IlIe, is mad with jealousy and disappointed envy that the Wentworth clique should have originated and brought to perfection their plan of the Sydne} College while his own abortion, on which he has squandered so mpch publico and private money, proves' a hopelegs failure, lie long pandered to his own vanity by displaying like a turkey codk his. volumindus tail, of which the choicest plumes were inscribed with 'senior. Presby. terinan chaplain,'' member of the Legislative Council for, Port, Plhillip,' ' Principal of the Aus tralian College,' and latterly 'Honorary Associate of the Literary Institute of Olindla,'--ould bathos go deeper? lIo was deposled in his own eccleshutieal synod, hlie was rejected by Port Phillip as a candidlate, solemnly condemned by the Sydney Legidslature for his inunigratien mis dceds, and lie only requires to be scouted by his Portuguese confreres in Brazil to place the cope stone upon his downfall! Gradually has lie been comnpelled to relinqui.sh the bfeathers that dew-like he had stolen to decorate his tail with, but grasping still at notoriety hlie would fain make one closing eflbrt to revise his pet-college by entering upon a crusade of lectures with a view to extract fresh subslcrilptions ti'om his un wary victims, although the literal condition of his establishment is simply this- the building ereted for the eollegians is partly occupied as a private residence, partly as a boarding house, while a very mean looking affair "over.the way" serves for a school room to about twenty pupils from nine to fourteen years of age, before whom hlie occasionally endicts the solemn humbug of delivering a prosy tedious lecture in his capacity of Professor of lHistory ! lie complains that he has thrice supplied his college with professors who thrice have proved ingrates, betaken them selves to slpeculations in sheep, &ce.;, and given a deaoth blow to his fondest aspirations for univer sity honors. Now is this not hard nupon the poor young mun! To say ,nothing of the faurce of the institnte itself through which of course they must have seen atouce had they not the ensam ple of the worthy principal before them, whouse "irons in the fire" were beyond countini, who dabbled in polities, imunigration, nunt orship church-msaking, newspaper propert., laud, sheep, and beeves, in conjunction with all his onerous duties as head of the Australian College ? Were they not brought up at the feet of Gamaliel and could they do otherwise than imbibe his ideas and copy his actions? It is lamentable to see a man with the talents, the energy, and the appli cation of our hero, so bent upon following a tortuous course that everything he handles, or has anvthini to do with, is - sure to be made a mess of, ani as regards himself a very nasty mess. Doctor Lang is a radical in his lilieralismi, but in the manner of many another demagogue he would be a tyrant if he only. had the power. Support his church and his college, his scheme of immigration anml his creed of legislation, and the terrors of the Spanish Inquisition, the sur veillance of the Roman Propaganda would be transplanted hither, &c..; exercised in his person and in that of his familiars. We should have no immigration but Scotch, no religion but the Presbyterian, no bishop but Laung, no governor but Lang, no collegiate chancellor rector but Lang, no home upon Earth no reversion in Heaven, but such as Lang chose to consign to us, and they who give a penny to this man's col lege pay to rivet their own chains here and hero after. " " AnIMAL MAGXETISSI-It has been lately su.g gested instead of being a new discovery, is as old as the Pyramids , undoubtedly it is-how else could they have "worked the oracle" at Delphos. Spiritual mnagetism, another phrase of the science has its, claimants for an equal antiquity-un questionably, or how was it that the head-less ghost pf Den Baxter as described by Dibdin, ap peared upon the wave to warn his "spiritually" primed companions against the danger of over lnduluence in rog,~ to say nothing of such in stances as Doe Foe's apparition of Mrs Veal or Dr Johnson's well attested'Cock-lane Phantom; one bold writer has ventured to assert from a' bub bling' antic practised by a Native i.'octor on the pit of a dying patient's stomach, that mesmeric practice is part of the. Black pharmacopeia, and many accounts tend to substantiate the fact, that ts mysteries have long been in use amongst the Endian and Polynesian races; the latest testimony n our possession.that fiavors the idea, is the story )f Long Bill the Hobart Town whaler, who, when n a visit to the Sandwich Islands in the days, however, when the missionariesdid not altogether rule the roast,' was for a considerable period subjected to the influence of an unaccountable agent by a copper colored Princess of the land, who had taken a-fancy to his stalwart person and reckless manner-her first advances of skill, he says by which she obtained such absolute in fluence over him were by certain motions of her finger, and breath about his hair and eyes, that then she proceeded to rub noses with himn, which, however, ridiculous it may sound, caused an awful all-.overishness to transfuse his limbs that made his blood race in double quick time, from the crown of hbs head to the sole of his foot the end of all was that he became as potter's clay, or as waxjn the hands of the enchantress, lhe could only think, act, or even taste through her sympathies and wishes- they were married, and very happy for some time, they lived; the fat of the land was his-pigs and yams Ihis daily fare, fish and tarroo his morning and evening repast besides the lush bannana, the golden shaddock and the regal pine-apple to constitute his snacks, his tillins,and hisdeserts. One fatal day, however, in a hi-h state of clair-voyance, he saw as in a vision t'mo infidelity of his bride ; lie hastened to the wig-wan, where he found Amin'e his Princess in amorous dalliance with the King of the Can nibal Islands-drunk with a'a, and gorged with a feast they had recently made upon hiis only picanniny sy the mesmerising beauty. In his rage lie pitched them both upon the slumbering embers of the fire and fled. From that day to this, he has never attempted to paddle with the dark secrets of mesmerism again-heo has become a " sadder and a wiser man." As ASPIRINGo Doo.-The folloing ludicrous incident occurred the other Sabbath in a parish church in this county .-The day being very warm and sultry, it was deemed necessary to throw open the church doors for the admission of fresh air, About the middle of the sermon, while the preacher was loudly declaiming in his usual impassioned style, the noise of his deep-toned voice seinems to have reached the ears of a favo rite but ill-bred cur which had been left in the lands of the manse. The dog, fearing from his master's impassioned manner of address that he was meeting with foul play, dashed (by the by, his name is Dash) at the top of his speed to ren der assistance if necessary. The doors being open, the passage clear, and the stair of the pul pit of easy access, lie quickly ascended it, and from his elevated position commenced such furi ois yelling as threatened for a moment to cast the oratorical powers of the preacher into the shade. Vain were the attempts of the session clerk andl the beadle to remove him either by threats or flattery. Dash maintained his posi tion, keeping these officials at defiance. The beadle at last seized one of the kirk-ladles and resolved to give proof of his courage by applying it unceremoniously to the cranium of Dash; but Dash showed his teeth, and the man of graves prudently retired, leaving him in undisputed pos session of the rostrum. Dash, havingnow fought his way to the pulpit, like nmany others instantly demanded admission, which his master readily granted. Both commenced haranguing in their respective styles at tlhe highest pitch of their voices. For some time the contest for superio rity was maintainedl on each side with equal per tinacity. In vain did the preacher raise his voice to a skirl; Dash, determined not to be done, waxed louder and louder still, and the Babel-like confiusion of tongues was too much bfor the risible powers of the congregation, who were now thrown into couvulsions, for grey haired men and staid matrons could no Innger contain their gra vity. The preacher at Inst gave in to his more uproarious colleague and, walking with him out of the pnulpit, eonductcd him to the door and gave him in charge of the church-officer.-Perth shire Advertiser. A Christianized Bengalee deposed to the correspondent of the Morning Chronicle that the attraction of his beating "tom-tom" and "sing ing sng about greatness of God," in the streets, had declined. A steady income of 12s. n-week is to be earned as under, by a perambulating Paganini: 'i I imitate," said lie, "all the ani mals of the farm-yard on my fiddle. I imitate the hull, the calf,'the dog, the cook, the hlien when slie's laid an egg, the peacock, and the ass. I have done this min the streets for nearly twelve yoars," ste. ])EsTRUCTrios or TEA -The revenue authori ties have receultlv given permission on the appli cation of the proprietors of the bonding premises in which it wus deposited, for the entire and corn plate destruction of nearly 20,000 lbs. weight of refuse ten, which was not considered to be worth the duties chargeable thereon The mode of ef fecting the destruction of the tea is by taking it down to sea beach, and there by casting itgradn ally into the sea, in the presence of the proper ohlicels of the revenue, causing it to become com pletely lost. At a Temperance "Jubilee" held a few weeks ago at Boston, several of the Southern delegates refused to sit on the platform with couloured men; and one of them (an Irishman by birth) begged the reporters to make no mentioui of the facet that there was a section of coloured boys in the procession, " as it might hurt the cause in the South !" OLIVER CROMWELL.-lThere is a strange appari tion midway in English history. We trace back the line of Sovereigns for two hundred years, and are arrested by a massive and mysterious being who is a veritable kingr. We trace the eline down wards from the Norman Conquest, and are ar rested by the same colossal form, wearing the impress of Royalty, without its titles or its robes. Bold, massive, severe, it towers above the rank, of Monarchs, in a dignity of its own. It is as if a stream of Royalty, flowing unterruptedly for ages, were suddenly lost in a subterranean abyss, or turned aside by a bold huge mountain, to emerge again, ruffled and discoloured, in the valley below. It is as if a torrent of fire had swept through a verdant embankment, leaving a huge black chared chasm to mark its course. What means this chasm, this breach, this ajipari tion ? Why is it that Cromwell breaks in upon the line of royalty, with no forerunner; and de parts leaving no successor ? It is because God would give the world a conspicuous example of the dignity there is in virtue, in character, in man The age did not aippreciate him, nor have other ages. S'hat strange fiture has been blzeck ened and begrimed with dust and filth. Yet there it stood unshaken, and there it shall stand. God hath kept the character of Cromwell for an age in which the royalty there is in man shall be dull" honoured. Royalty in England has been a different thing in his ?ay from what it was be fore. Men's ears and noses are worth some thing too in- England now. There lihe stands, to frown upon usurpation, to keep the man ever above the king, to guard the conscien ces and liberties of England. Shall this man have a statue? Shall that stern, rough visage, in bronze or marble, look down upon us from the pedestal in the Royal Park ? That question is not be decided by a vote of the British Parlia ment, but by the grateful acclamations of two nations, speaking the language of Milton, and honouring the religion of Baxter and Howe. MARRIAGES Is ENGLAND.-!About a century ago the mariages in London were under 6000 a-year, they are now four times as many. In all the country the increase has been most remark able in the metropolis and in Manchester. In particular localities the proportion is found to differ. Thus Yorkshire, the seat of the woollen manufactures and of prosperous agriculturists, apears to be the most marrying district of all England; Lancashire and Ofieshire, the cotton districts, coming next ; and London third. Staf fordshire and Worcestershire, Northamptonshire and Huntingdonshire, stand next, followed by other counties more or less blessed by the pro sence of Hymen, but descending gradually till we reach the matrimonial zero, which is found in the agricultural parts of Middlesex. The average annual number of weddings is about one Hun dred and twenty-three thousand. It would help a winter night's amusement to decide how many pounds' weight of Californian produce must be wanted for the rings ? How many garlands of orange blossoms for the hair and bonnets of the brides? The probabilites of marriage, of course vary; but the rule seems to hold that about one in seventeen unmarried women, between the ages of fifteen and forty-five are married in a year throughout the country. Marriages have their seasons They are least numerous in wvinter, and most numerous after harvest in the December quarter; the births and deaths, on the contrary, are most numerous in the winter quarter, ending in March, and least numerous in the summer quarter, ending September. War diminishes marriages by taking great numbers of marriage able men away from their homes, whilst a re turn of peace increases marriages, when soldiers and sailors with small pensions are discharged. Trade and manufactures have also become more active in England on the cession of wars, and the employment and wages thus induced have contributed still more to add to the numbers of those entering the married state. The establish ment of new, or the extension of old, employ ment promotes marriages. The cotton manufaec tures, the canals of the last century, the rail ways of the present day, are examples. Indeed an increase of their incomes is taken by the generality of the people for the beginning of perennial prosperity, and is followed by a mul titude of marriages. There are only about fifteen persons married annually, for the first time, out of a thousand living. There are about five children born in wedlock to every marriage. -Dickens's "Household Words." BRITANSmA BRIDGE.-The 24th or 25th July was appointed for the floating of the fourth and last iron tube, which, when Hoisted and placed, will complete the railwvay bridge across the Menai Straits. A REASO?An?LE REQUEST.-A country friend called in this office, a few days ago, and requested us to print for him a copy ot' the Reporter of two years back. The paper had given publicity to the interesting fact that he would not be re sponsible for his wife's debts; and we suppose he wanted a copy of it reprinted for some Quarter Sessions affair.-Enniskillen Reporter, FIVE FLAX-DRESSERS ADRIFT AT SEA.—Lately a party of five Montrose flax-dressers set out in a crazy boat to sea, for the purposo of fishing. Although none of them were adepta in the art of managing a boat, they contrived to go round to the Bay of Lunan, where they cast anchor. After having fished for a considerable time, the weather getting rather stormy, they thought it advisable to return. In doi~mg so, one otthem made a false pull, and let go his oar, which floated away past them. They made several endeavors to regain possession of it, but without success. Left with only 'one oar, and the wind blowing off the land, they soon drifted out to sea. They tore up a portion of the boat to supply the lace of the lost oar, and endeavored to gain the land, but, not being accustomed to the manage ment of a boat, their efforts were fruitless. In this predicament, the schooner, Racer, hiavidson, of Montrose, came within hail, and to her they shouted for assistance. She turned, but did not slacken sail, and threw them a rope in passing. Instead of fastening it to the bow of the boat, they all rushed to the side, and held on by the rope. The consequence was that they were unable to retain hold of the rope, and were obliged to let it go. The Racer, seeing this, heldm' on her course, and recklessly left them to their fate. They were now utterly exhausted with fatigue, and they began to feel the pangs of thirst. Their state of mind may be imagined as the schooner was gradually lost to the eye, with a grave in the deep staring them in the face. They were unable to keep the bow of the boat to the sea, and it was, consequently, filling with water. As they drifted on their checrless path, one of them stood wavinug his cap in order to attract attentione. Fortuniately, a man about the point of the Ness saw the action, and, judging corrootly its design, lost no time in getting some fishermen to set off to their assistance. After a hard pull of five miles they reached the boat and took the party on board, when their joy was as unbounded as was their previous terror and despair. It was by the merest accident they were saved, for the hishermen told them that the beat would not have lived another hour.-Mon trose Reviecw. Vice Chancellor Sir J. Wigram is said to hate been rendered blind by an ocperation recently un dergone cy him, and will no longer be able to - perform hls judicial duties. The vacancy thus created can only be filled u? by a special Act of Parliament. Vice Chancellor Shadwell contiona I indisposed, 