2Botttt0tfe EitfeUigenre. ABSTRACT OP, SALES BY AUCTION. THIS DAY: MB. WILLIAM EASEY—Ou the ground, on tbe Eastern Hill, at 16 o'clock, precisely,'Valuable Towu Property, et balf past 12 o'clock, on the ground, corner of Stephen-street, Building Allotments, and at one o'clock, precisely, on the ground, East Aielbourne, Suburban Allotments. MR. DALMAHOY CAM PBBLR..—At tbe Horse and Carriage Repository, at 1 o'clock, without tbe slighteat reserve, Superior Horse Stock. Ma EDWARD COHBN—At tbe residence of Mr. Ogden, Little Bourke street, at 11 o'clock, Houschold'Furniture,'&c.;, See. To GAOL WITH I'IM !—A case which appears to us to be one of aiogular hardship, was hesrd at tbe police oCSce. yesterday, before Mr. Smith and C-»ptain Hctton. We wf-re induced to make enquiry into the circumstances from the lact that the defendant was an Irish immigrant and bad only been a -very short time iu the colony. To gaol with him ! This is a 'OHd beginning for an immigrant. But let us state the case —A.Air. Pender preferred a complaint against Wm. Sommerville for breach of agreement, and from what transpiied in the investi tion of the case, and from subsequent enquiry, we arrive at the following facts:—Mr. Pender en gaged the defendant and bis wife «s : servants, at the rate of £29 per annum; but before doing so be particularly enquired from the man whether bis wife was enceinte, and stated that if she were he-sbould not employ her. Tbe man said she was not, and the bargain was concluded. Upon returning to his wife Sommerville reported tbe conversation witb Mr. Pender, and to his surprise received the first intimation that she was in tbat condition-which would prohibit ber from entering upoo the engagement, if Mr. Pender insisted upon tbe objection as insurmountable. They proceeded to tbe Registry Office where the negotiation had been entered into, and waited nearly an hour Mr. Pender, wbo did not come, and tbey consequently took the first opportunity of finding some other engagement. Mr. Smith said if the-servant bad been longer in the eolony be should have sentenced bim to three months imprisonment, but aa he was only a recent arrival be should send bim for one month to gaol / The man 6tood a second it two apparently stupified, a constable wpp d him on tbe beck, be started as if suddenly restored to contcionsuess and was bustled out o! the office. Tna immigration authorities are bound to investigate thia case. The poorest man has a right to protection, and it wlil be at once seen that if the statements given above are true, cruel injustice has been inflicted. If tbe <>efet>oe be well founded* tbe couple engs?udby XPauder were prevented fagn entering bis service by bis own coudii oo?. SLAUGHTERING LICENSE. — MI. John Hayes, of Melbourne, obtained a license of this description yesterday. SLAUGHTERING LICENSE.—John Macdonald appeared yesterday for a slaughtering license for tbe Darebin Creek, but not being provided with the recommendations of residents in the neighbourhood, the application was deferred for a week. ANOTHER CASE.—An Orphan gi?l hired by Mr Roycraft appeared also to complain ofabrcacb of agreement on the part of ber employer. Tbe explanation was somewhat similar to the preceding case, aud the Bench after hearing the statements on both sides dismissed the complaint. INSOLVENT COURT.—The schedule tendered by John M Donald has been withdrawn upon further consideration of the matter. There will be a special meeting to day at eleven o'clock ia the estate ot Edward Morris, for the examioa tionof witnesses uuder a Judge's order. THE MURDEROUS ASSAULT AT POINT NKPBAN.—Timothy Driscoll was yesterday fully committed for trial for tho assault upon a man named Waldron, which took place at Point Nepean on Christmas Day. The particulars have been reported at various stages of the proceedings, and at the last examination the prisoner was remanded until to- day to procure the attendance of a witness named O'Neil, who bad been previously examined, but was not then in attendunce, and the magistrates decided that it was necessary for bim to be resworn in their presence before tbey could commit the prisoner. O'Neil having been sworn to his previous statement and identified the pri soner as tbe man to whom it referred, be was committed. ORPHAN IMMIGRANTS.—AA Orphan girl named Mary Cook, appeared yesterday as p-aintifif against Mr. Sullivan for breach of agreement. Ttie facts are, that Mr. Sullivan after bav ing the girl a week in his service found her wholly useless, and although bhe had learnt to read and write knew nothing about washing, having soaked the linen io starch and then hung it out to dry! H<r employers, fiuding her not competent to do what she was hired to do, paid her th* wages due to her which she aecrp-ted, signed a receipt '* in fall of all demands" and left the service, antici- pa ing that she could return to the depot until she ;» obtained other employment. But having once * been hired she was nut eligible for re-admission to tbe depot,-and was advised to apply et the Police Office for a summons against Mr. Suliivan. The question before the Bench was, whether the girl bad not voluntarily terminated tbe agreement, and taking into[cosideration the tenor of the receipt, tbey decided upon dismissing the case, but recom - mended Mr. Sullivan to pay a months wages. PETREL.—From the-following extract from the report of tbe Koroite races, it appears that the vneran Petrel haa sustained a defeat, and tbat too from horses both " to fortuue and to fame utikuown." Tbe Belfast Gazette gives no explanation of the circumstances:— THK RURLTCANS'' PURSB Of 25 so vs. for horses of all ages ; 3 years old, 8st4ibs; 4 years old, 9st 5ibs ; 5 yrs old, lOst; (> years and aged, lOst Gibs. Two mite heats. Entrance two BOVF. Tbe winner of the Koroite Stakes to carry 71bs extra. Lamph's Jupiter 2 1 1 Siockdaie's Pannican 1 2 2 Austin's Petrel 3 3 3 POSTAGE.—The following notice appears in the Sydney Governm nt Gazette: " His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to direct, tbat in future all letters whatsoever addressed to tbe Departments and Officers of Government on the Public SeAice, and forwarded by Pott,- shall he pre paid, mberwise it will be necessaiy to refuse them with a view to their being returned to tbe writers, who, under tbe 22nd clituse.^i tbe Act of the Governor and Council, 13 Victoria, No.-38, will be liable to pay tbe postagfe thereon. 2. The only exception to this rule will be in the case of clergymen or persons not in tbe public service, who may have occasion to send in returns to any department of Govern ment of au entirely public nature; such for instance, as the returns of/births, marriages, and burials ; but the nature of the return must, in r.ll such ca8e&,»be endorsed on the cover in which it is enclosed. 3. To reduce tbe cost-of postage to individuals baviog occcaion to make remittances to the Colonial Treasury or any other Public Department, all 6umi under one pound should be remitted in postage stamps of the equivalent value, for which credit will be given as cash." CUTTING DOWN TREES.—An information for cutting down a tree within the five mile boundary, was bevd yesterday agaiust Joseph Coasens. Mr. Smith conducted the defence, and after the evidence had bsen taken, contended tbat tbe offenee had not been proved, a» it was neces. sary to show that tbe defendant hail actually cut down growing timber, whereas the witness only went to- tbe extent of saying tbat be saw kirn cutting a limb off a tree that bad been recently felled. According to tho decision of the Crown Prosecutor in a case referred to him, all fallen timber was held to be dead wood. Thia inl'orm-;li->n was laid under tbe English statute 7 and 8 Geo. IV., and not under tbe Act of Council 9 Vic , No. 14. Mr. B-.odie contended that it was a case in which circumstantial evidence might convict, and by tbe same rule that a man found with a cutting implement, mangling a human body, which presented evident signs of having been receotly killed, would be presumed to be the guilty party, so in case of a fallen tree, although " no man saw the blow struck," the fact of a man being fouod witb an axe chopping up a newly fullen tree, ought, to be evidence of his having cot down tbe tree. Mr. Smith contended tbat nothing but positive proof would fiiiSficc, and the Bench tbongh dififrs-ing in this doctrine, dismissed the ct>se. Auother cose against Wm. Parrot, for cutting a tree with intent to steal it., uuder I) Geo. IV was also tried and dismissed, Mr. Smith appearing for the defendant. THE COUNTRY. — A correspondent frcm the neighbourhood of tbe Deep Crc&k; wrii<-s as follows, of the stale of the country, crops. See. in thai locality, i' Tbe crops in this parish are ia process of jreapftfg, and are a fair average; some of the wheat tfrops greatly beyond, yielding about 50 bushels «n acre. The potatne crops will be far below an average; in addition to tbe snow storm of 31st August, and tbe subsequent great flood, which rotted the seed in the ground, censing great blauks in the drills; the plants in many places are now cut off with the grub worm, which attacks the stem wben it springs from the set, or potato planted, and the plant is completely withered, producing only a few small potatoes, and these are in a state of decay, consequently useless for any purpose Iu my opinion potatoes will be a scaree article in the market, so far as the Port Phillip erop is concerned. Tbe weather is very hot, scorching she grass and drying np tbe water holes, andlive stock are beginning to look out very sharply for tbe necessaries of life. I am sorry to observe, that like the bipeds of tbe " Dust Hole" and- our t'other Sister, tbey hardly respect private property or regulate their eating and drinking propensities by tbe laws of mine or thine, but wherever they see a green spot or the necessary liquid, tbey at onoe appropriate tbe produce ta their own private use; whether the growth be wheat, barley, or oats, end without any regard to who the owner may be ; and wbat makes matters worse, is tbat tbe proprietors of tbe said live stock, care very little wbat damage a neighbour may suffer uuder such circumstances, provided their cattle find a living. Such I am sorry to say, are tbe principles of my good neighbours here. I am in a devil of a hurry to go out reaping, and have cot t-roe for a y*.rc. I aa> afraid you wil! Wut he able to read wbat I bave written. Tbe reaping book has destroyed my small .cla'm to Calligraphy." FIRE.—About a quarter past two this morning, a fire broke out (from wbet cause is as y'et unknown,) tn a weatherboard cottage in Brunswick street, Collingwood ; tbe building was completely destroyed, but the amount of damage done has not yet beeu ascertained. The inmates were aroused by the barking of tbe dogs, but Ward, tbe night watchman had discovered it by tbe lurid appearance of the sky, and was on tbe qui vive, when a messenger on horseback arrived for tbe fire-engine. TUB GOVERNMENT PRINTING AND GAZEITB.—Fresh tenders having been advertised for tbe Printing for the Government, and the pub. lication of tbe Government Gazette, tbey were opened at noon, on Saturday last, and Mr. Samuel Goode was found to be tbe successful tenderer for tbe Printing, and tbe proprietors of tbe Argus obtained the contract for the Government Gatette. PRACTICAL MECHANICS.—Yesterday evening the Rev. Mr. Trollope delivered the first of a series of lectures on practical mechanics, wbicb was principally devoted to an explanation of tbe properties of matter; tbe lecturer concluded witb a brief and appropriate address, which we shall give in our next. THE LAST OF THE DISTRICT COUNCILS. The Parramaua District Council, the only body of tbe kind, which bas throughout maintained its vitality, bas at length given up tbe ghost, as a working body, tbe members having voluntarily iran<fcrred their various undertakings, together with tueir goods and chattels, to tbe Rocd Trustees appointed for tbe various districts of tbe county of Cumberland, under tbe Act passed during the iast session of the Legislative Council. WOOD'S ROYAL SOUTHERN KALENDAR. We bave been favored with a copy of this highly useful publication, compiled by Mr James Wr.od, of Launceston, who for many years bas industriously devoted himself to procuring the ioforma:i»!i necessary to perfect Lis work. It is entitled' Wood s Royal Southern Kalendar, Tas manian Register, and General Australasian, and East Indian and Official Directory." Sir John Pedder, to whom it is dedicated, thus briefly speaks of its merits, in a letter to tbe author, "a work which for the. abundance and variety, and accuracy of its information, is by far tbe most useful, tbat ever issued fcom the "Colonial Press, and well entitles TOU tc ;be tbanks-of us all, for the great, industry .skilful selection,and scrupulous fi-ielity, you bave employed in the completion of it.'' We cannot attempt to give tbe contents of a work of reference, containing upwards of 250 peges, but it will be sufficient to state that it includes lists cf public officers, institutions, and latest statistical returns, for all the Australian and East Indian Colonies, and a quantity of other matter for reference, of a very useful nature. In poiut of typography, tbe kalendar is without exception, the most creditable yet produced, in any of the colonies. Mr. Pullar is the agent iu Melbourne. Mr. I-Ienry Dawling, of Lauuceston, the printer. 