THE MODERN SCIENCE OF THIEF TAKING. (From Dickens's Household Words.) IF thieving be an Art, and no one denies that its more subtle and delicate branches de- serve to be ranked as one of the Fine Arts ?. thief-taking is a Science. All the thiefs ingenuity ; all his knowledge of human nature ; all his courage ; all his coolness, all his imperturbable powers of face ; all his nice discrimination in reading the countenances of other people ; all his manual and digital dexterit ; all his fer- tility in expedients, and promptitude in acting upon them, all his Protean clever- ness of disguise and capability of counter- feiting every sort and condition of distress ; together with a great deal more patience and the additional qualification, integrity, are demanded for the higher branches of thief-taking. linn ui(Inn piks your pockets, oi a !jiiii;1iii j "in ti«t' steals y mu xvutth so tint Ami nml it out in an instant, it ia tnsx tuon« li foi any puvate in any of the sex en tun dix liions ot London polue to obey xoni ptntiii'- demand to "Stop thn.fl lint tin tutks and coilmnnccs olthosa n'o x Intdle monty out of >our pockets uithir than stnl it, xvho client*!on nilli xoni cjtsopTi, \xho e«enr cxery ie«tigi ol pi ih out of >oin pantry avhilo join icr x ml is on the stuns who net up imposing av melitiUHcs, a id e Uc ic«ptot iblo firma of I ii0t j nie Ja of ¿oods, x lio steal the icccp j tunis ol iiitih oi di -)i|itttd joun^incn, Ibu tilt dtleclion and punishment of suth i »¡o his a snpoiioi oidei ol police is ¡ llUttlA te j I u i tu h illusion ol the loitt is attached I tn i oili lia ax ho nie denominated " dctce | tuts ' Hit stall, in hu d-ipiiutors, toii ¡M-slsofsiN higtintsaiul txxu in«-p(ttors , llius tin Dcttetixe IMiu, of mhch ne lu u lontith,((insistsolonlx I ntj-tvxonidi A i In ii", ax hosp dut) it is to n e n no uni I 1(1111, lill! (0 p ililli! tilt in ISt lllflltllll 1 ritun'otth tr ci tit lit x lint no1 | nix to counter i« t tht nu luiiituns ni ix i\ sut ol ¡ltd Avln-, (lily nu ans o « \ «i lutisiixtwil i isuihtj lut to (Lai I up fiiunlv umtun tin mu t non d v In li I u li th uti u t titi i u v an 1 t t ( ine« ii un xvi'I 'ux t'n till renn li iiiiiii ii -id u and i ih t i lui in I i > nun A mu vi ii. di« ou s mi n lum.* ti t i'i nijii tin ' li i billilli ! is lui n ] lun .1 i 1 li i di u 11 m m id , i ei pt ih i u i ni-, hi m n x l i«, hi li lill! i« i nu il u m il i« th it ol it li in,* illi, nil tin d ml t 1 i ih >«>u j tx( li i In n I i |in impli I 1 >i i, nu r u lill . ! 11 Ullin lilli W11! tim, lit ,11 11 dil nit I I it motin, i' in - lilli, lill 1 III I I I " l! 1! ]l ipil ] u - I lilli! lill nlh-ilii , lln li p ol lilli I Hill III til lil « II (.(!| i Intuí ht I ni 1 ni 1 v I m I .1 lu i Iii iikk ni i I I , in I li ni I -H, i u i li - 1 ni .l I is- t I, HI! lil V lill lilli l*. «Bl pt i ix n i bil m I di 11 iiiiumtiii, xi'l mi, lui n i i i'i i (lui in li i i ! ni! ! 1 u n I m h I u i i 11 i ii i li n in u d , th i li | n I ii i n t'n du nu v-' u lill li ' « (li i nliu ip u li u ul 11 u in it mil tilín i hi n it lunl l inxtilllii In t lim li- lli ' uni |. iii (In tun mund liistu 'Hit i ulm« i 11 li lum ut inn I tutu iii*, up tun uni d uni st in , anil In ally ( on -in ¡'uti in nix 1 mix's (lunn! n No1 gili kuii unthill'- nilibili i limit it, xil titi luid) ulliis a «ti» t ion, iltlmuji . lu x liuxi nut un id i " xilio ti i iii I it " Hu linn in ml buists min burs , the tunk du Inn i bin thinks i In 11/'nmg into lix - l,u , uni ii In it Xt'hsll, r*i I Sl'lldlllt, Im tin Pulu v In li i I d ni m i in pi ion ni, uiitl insult un tin vi link« ii-ii inlili d liuusi Imld, and dux di mud i no'lit lunn u "i,,n t I ti t lu u i m tin «nil Xílru i lu Jit li i i°l il na-1 combined with nijstery ile tun hu bulls eje into (very toi nt) mil upon evcrj countenanee (intituling tinto! Ile cat), on the promis s He i\ mines, ill the locks, bolts, indi ii s be0lonng< til diligence on those ax ludiendo el the st di i utilities These he (kelti i h ve leen " AViolatcd , by xvlncli he means th it t! 11 o has been moie than one "1 ipi of t1 Lo 1 lie then mentions ni rip the n in disturbante oí oJiei x iluablts t il es you solemnly aside, dirlens lu huPem and asks if you suspett any ol yow hen nits in a mystciious xvhispci, »ilneh implies tint he does Ile then examines the uppu led rooms, and m that ol the fen alt sei valus he discovei s the lcart a nlunbk of tin i in ,., and a cast-oft silxci tooth pic! bc'xvoen the mattrisscs You huecxeiy confuiente in y our minds, but what can y on tlunl ? \ nu suggest their safe custody, but j our x ifo inteicedes, and thcpoltcemnn'xvould pu'ei speaking to his inspcetoi before he luel .* anybody up Ila 1 th« whole maltei romaine 1 in the hands of X 41, it is possible that your Doubles ovould lune lasted you till non A trim of legal proceedings- achons foi defamation of character and suits loi damages-would haxe followed, vlneli lvouldhaxc cost more finn the Aalu «>f the jen els, and the entire execration oi alljoui neighbours and cveiy prix ile fi lend of your domestics But, hippil>, the nispecloi piom])lly sends a plain, en nest looking min, who announces linn self s one of the txxoDetcctixcsof the \ dixision lie settles the x\hole inattei in ten minute» His c animation is ended in (ne Asa eonnoisscui can determine the painter ol a pictme nt the fnst0linee oi a xune tnstei the rrecise unbi e of i hheiry 1 x the merest sij), so thetltttcttxe it once pi inecs iij on tile iiutliois ol the xioik tf nt mulei tonsidei ilion, by the (.tile ol peifoiinmre ¡i not uj on the precise- executant, upon the " 6chool to nInch lu belongs Hiving finished the toiklte ! landi of the inrpiuy, lit tal es a plioitxiin (I the pan] et tt yom house, and m nts nu equ ill) cursor) mxestign ti n of the ittie \\\ indow li teniugi 11)9 mind is in ide up mil nu st likelx he xull uldie s »on in these \ onlo - "All ii"ht, sir lins is done by one of ' Hie Diineing Sthool ' " Gi od Ile n ens ' ( c1 min your plmi deitd paitnei, 'Impossiblt' why oh» childi on go to M )Sltur Pettitoes of No bl ind I estile xou he is a high!j re«pettibk proftssor As lo his pupils, Hie Dittetixe sunk and tnteiriip!* "Dancéis he tell« her, "is a nanu given to the bort of bnrgl ir bx whom she had been robbed, and eau j hi mell of the tinea mg pioltssion is dix tiled into p mgs xvluch are tu nicd ' behool» " li om No S2 to the end oi the street the hou ta ' mc itnfinishc1 The thief nude his xxav lo the top of one of these, and ciwU.il to yoin gai ret-' ' But ne are foi ty houses distant, nil why did he not fin our one of nix neigh- bours n it Ii his a mt r you ask 'Tither then uppermost btories a e no,, si praclieahk, or the ladies luxe not snell xalunbk lex el« ' But lion do they know tint ' ' B\ n i clung and inquiry lins nflmr ina) luxe been m netion i'i n ore thin a month \oui hou«c Ins liten n itched your Iubitsnac dnined, thex hive found out ax hen xou d ne-hoxv long you remain in the dmmg-ioom A div is selected, while a ou ure busy dinm-r, nnd a our se-xants busy n uting on you, the thing is done Prcuoiisl), many lourney s Iuim been mideoxci the îoof», to find out the best mc ins of entenng xour 1 oust 1 lie attic is chosen; the robber gets in, and c-ccpa noiselessly, or 'dance» into the place to be robbed ' "Is theie any elnncc of recoxtung oin piop"itx * xou ask anxiously, seeing tho whole matter at a glance "I hope so I hue sent some brother ofliccrs to n itch the Ponces hoiists "Pentes ' ' " renee«, ixplnuis the Delictivo, in replx to joui innocent wife's lnqiurx, " mo jiurclnbtis ol stolen goods \our jtwtL xxiii be foiced out of thor settings, and the «gold melted" The lady tuts, îtioiTeclu lill, to suppress a «li -lit sei emu " We shall see, if, at this unusual hour of Pie night, lhere is any biibtlc in or near any ol these places; if any smoke is coming out of any one of their' furn ices, nheio the inciting t ikes place. 1 t-hill go mid seek out the preeiso 'garietter'-that's another name ticse plundcicrs give themselves Avhoin I suspect. By his trxingto 'bell' your domestics by placing the ling mid toothpick in tin ir' bed, 1 think I know the man. It is just in his stylo." The nevt "morning, y où find all these sup- positions vended. Tho Del« lix o eil!,*, and obliges y ou nt bl ca'xfiist-niter a sleep- less night-av ¡th acompletc list of the stolen articles, and produces some of them for iden*, i U p.tion. In Hire * months, a our xvife getsneailv CAcry article buck ; her dam- sel'i innot euee ia fullv ed ¡bli«hul ; and (ho thiel is taken from Ins 'school' to spend it long holiday in a penal < olonv. This is a mere eommon-pl ict> transaction l compared nidi the i diiextinenta of the stall of the little ni nix ot deteetixu police» men at hcnd-qui i ter». Sometimes they aro called upon to iii\i«li«'¡ilc lobbi-iics; so executed lluit no hum m ing nuity np peor* lo oi din in oh uxcisi i¡ ubleof find- ing the thiel. He li'.ixth not a trail ot n tutee, "xei'x due seems cut olf; l«ut tho oxporiento oi a delectixo guiilis him into tunks quite invisible to other exes. Net lone; «ince, a ti tink xvas rifled at ii fashion- able hottl. The tlicitv.it' snmnniu-dl tint i o s isjniion lould leeton tiny one. The di ti c1 ixe su,-i -«ni, who h d been «-mt lor, i.iulx owned, filler in.il.iiig u minuto i \ a in« «lion of the case, th it I .> (mihi nllmd i o I ope ol elm ¡di ting t!i nixstiix. A. lu xvi li iv nu, tin bed ii oin, lioxvi ver, in xv hit h tin« plumb it d p nt nut in doini, lu pu ki d nix- ¡in oiduuix hnl-'uittmi lunn llu i i ,ii I 1' iii nllv (oin] in 1 it nilli (1 o mi (lie lud in the Hunk lb -ml ii nhm -, Inn hung 0 nut llu litil lo the n t ni th d ix I! i 1 In 1« . n i nu \1\ xv ih bul lu xuillhl li ixi I ni d u n Im mu ; i n. i iii i I Inn n I It n li V in o it I i n «'i I non! ui v 11 I in I u ub- ini! bull m lu- i i i h vi « 1. i, ul p Hu ni 1 ul I li iii il w i« n uili ti du i iii in i u- ul tit lu,, t di i ' a di tu i ni v m In« di» , w'u h i ' ( n 1 m i i tu tin x i ul I lui. n ' n d lb lui' d' I n mill 11 I I« li lill in thi p t It i n ni li i « in i mu - 11 U ni i li i m - u mil I willi Hi t ul I'u htilt t ''-t th lu I, I p Iii up I' xv ' tit pi I ililli tin i ! j I, i I i ti i ol (ni ot tin lohn ni . (v i i 11 i i 1 u « u nu \i n 1 lunn < . i| iii m pt I. I pt i mi, i inliulittd lum willi iii m nu "I tin Hu k. mid nn iib u 111 1 d m imn i tin linn i, t in lut u Al un Uli« i ho,d nilli n, Ih 1.1ml ni i | nu. 1 i I u in tin« lod o! II pi li- lli i nt i in 1« mu '1 \\\u du > Un dib tin impimi lui llinlui' vins lui unit tun. nul lim ' dilc i" i du" - mu I nut xiith bin!, ii Mid Al h n,Hi lu« b uinl un In Ion ni" lo i n und r-ninli i, who pun ti minni I m tin lln I 'I «u mu ll-nioli- tin I umhin 1 ni'i h i I ulm li i-mid bu on«! ' ol lunn oin luiitlnil und lill! lo li oh indi. Inn min i 0 numil the gi« t> I niitoiiift < ! ai, iliittu tu du it 'Un i Imbi tin In«! pi i i m tbi pin. le« ion 'Hu u dix nu - u ti i t ) m i wuliiy th« law , tin inn"! « M" <. ."' l't'' "' hil'iii Oin« "«i« d," im,mi] Mi (mi, lue! m | un pu, ou s t, ii ei 01.1 quin Ici ol a te.itui x, .uni nexo A/.is cnptuied (lining that time He dud n "piosperoiib gentleman" nt Bouhi^ii", A.hiihe»i he had leiiied to lue onliis " h i\in«-," which he had invested in lion "properly. An old hand named White lived unbanned to the age of eight) , but li . hid not been prudent, and t \i b d on the ( oiilrihulions ol' the "mob," lill hi old .icqu tintmccs nero taken axvny, uliiei In tianspoi talion or death, and the new nee did not i tcognise his claims to their houtify. Hence lie died in a work- house The a» crngc i un of liberty av hich one of this class counts upon is four years. The gains of some of the« swell mob are great. They ein always com- mand inpital to execute any especial uherne. Their liaxelliog expenses are 1 irge , foi their haixesls aie great public occasion«-, whether in town or country. As an cumple of llicn profits, the ex plmis tf four of them at the Lixerpool Callie Show sonic seven years ago, .nay be mt ntionrd The London Detective Police did not attend, hut one of them nay lunl lim rogues at the Euston Station. After ni altr-.itlancp of four days, the gentlemen 1 c xx as looking for appeared, lund., m 1) attireii, the occupants of fnsL-tlass urn ige > The Detective, in the ijtuetcot matiiicr possible, stopppd tilt ir luggage; they entreated lum lo treal them like "gentlemen" He did so, and took them into a private room, uhr re tiny were so gi od as to offer lum fiffv pound« to ht thungo. Ile declined, and oxer-hauled theil booty; it consisted of «ex ti al gold piii3, xvatdies, (some of great \ allic,) eli lins and rings, silxer snuiT Iioxts, and bunk-nobs of the x.dre ot one hundí ed paunia. Eventually, lion ex cr, as oxvneis could n >t lu found for some of the piopcrty, and some othcis would no1 pio sccute, they cat quel xxitha slight punish ment. In ordti to tountenet the pi ins o'" the «ncli-mob, tno of the scigtints oi the dc tectixe police ni kt it then binnies-, to knoxx extiy one ol them per- onilly The consequence i-, ti) t ino iqmtiu ance of tithu oi these ofhtcis upon nnv scene of operations is n bar to nnv thing or nnxbody being "done" This is nu excellent charac- teristic ol the detectives, iorthcx thus be- come ns xv eil i picxentixe police Wc Avili r-ixe ni lllustiation - lou nie at the Oxford commemoration As j on de eeud the blond st msof thcltoe buck to dine, you overtake on the landing a gentlein"ii ul luiu,'n ispect and elegant itln e '1 he x ung ited put let n ot his ?» est, the |i ttx ,_lo ol lu«, lino« , "ud the exceed- ing wl llene s ol his ¿lines-one ol ninth he uu-lics in lu-, «onie av hit dib nie hind, cominee von tint he is going to the fiaiul ball, to begnell ti a* ex tiling it Mu Ion 'Hie g1 mee he gue« xou xxhtlc pa-sing, is «Imp bul toni] rt'itnsixt, and ti his eje dues le t upon my output olxotti poison inlito ii sont-iiioit tluu nu tlur, it is upon the , c11 nitcli xihidi jon luxe just taken out to -i ii dimití hi "due' As you «-tip i nli o m ko rr¡ ni foi lum, he aekiloi ltd-es the com tt«y with "Pir-i-r doi),' as ti i i ic li I Pun nu no s path, and a sunk -o lull of uitdligi nu mil tom te x, that xou hope lie «¡ t d j 1 n^li-h, ioi vin set linn dow n as an igioi able fellow, mid ment Hy determine tint ii lit dint-, in the Lullte r oin, xou x ill mi' e his iicquam tsnie On the mot al thestair-f ot theie stands anan A pi un, h nisi looking fellow, willi lio'niug fo-miilab'e in lu a| p ai anti, or doubtful in Ins comité mee, bul the cfleet Ins ippanlioii takes on lour friend in pu-j clivf", is limul ali'e 'lhe pom httli fell nx fix lumsi'f on hit* toes, as if h h id beau udduity nm lu'anicJ bj i luillel his timk ] iles, and his bp qui (is as he inJca\ouis m clT ttuallx t(isii| près«- the mud "io/ in'" Hi kneixs it li t io 1 ite ti turn bai k, (he cudi nlly xvon'J if lu nub),) for the man' ivt li np m lum '1 lu re is no hdp fat it, ml he «¡leal s first, but in a vxlisj i IE t ikes th new comer i side, and all jon eui overhear is **pjk( n b) the lulu, v ho si)s lu nuisis on Mon- sieur vuthdr-Aung his "behool" by the stun o clock tnain You imagine lum to be some pooi wietth of a uhoohnnster in dillie uLits , ciptund, nil«, by a bnh/1 'Jhey Itixc the inn together, peilnps foi a sponging house bo acute is j om pit), tint a on think of lushing aftei thom, tiulolkung bail You are, how ex cr, Aeiy hungry, and, at t us moment, the \v niler announces that dinner is on table In the opposite box theic ire covers foi four,but enly three comixes Thev seem quiet inen-not gentknien, dcudcclli, but Avell enough beha\ed. "What has become of Monsieur f" nsus one. None of them can divine. " Rhnll we wait any longer for bim ?" " Oh, no-Wnitev-Dinner !" By their manner, you imagine that the style of the Hoebuck is a "cut above thom." They have not been much used to plate. The silver forks are so curiously heavy, that one ol' the guests, in a dallying sort of way, balances a prong across his fingers, wliilo the chasing ol' the castora engages the attention of n second. This ia all done while they talk. When the fish is biought,the thirdcasts a careless glance or two nt the dish cover, and xvlien tho waiter has gone for the sauce, ho tops it with his nails, and says enquiringly to his friend across the table, "Silver?" The other shakes hu heal, mid inti- mates n hint that it is only plated. The waiter bungs the cold punch, and the patty begin to enjoy themselves. They do no1 ih ink uitii'h, Lui they mix their Urtnfcj i al her inj idictotmly. They take shelly upon cold punch, and champigne iipnt) th'U, diishing in n hub pen and t!iiU!t*d stout between They nie getting mm), not to :.ay jollv, bul nut al all in- clín ile-il The nii.a'iui of Htlvu dull covers has told ¡i i lpiiiil i tory, anti his f.h'iuhi mi» levelling ia t In ir heailiest - I of launjis-, ivhi'ii nu up| ant ion appeals at ibc end of tin' I ihl«i You ni'U'i s ivv such I a eli,n in a«, Im preu nie uuisi-s, vi hen lie I pilli.. Ins h'uiiUi". on the ed gi» of tht* tibie n«.ti Ij'iksal tin dineri. * ii tiwi; the c Huiiei.1 ol Hu« slu'ping bunny -.lulilctily Utri'ik r iinu'leiniis vicie nothing to ihm I dnii|,i'. A« ii by iuti,;ic, the loud laugh | I Is tuuiului m1«, lit ii'iixii'ination Youl ¡ luivv, lilli.-; iiiipii'jsivt K , niuli'islanil tin»1 ini"iiii g m l!i> ti-ini "iliuiibfoiindrieil." I 'I'iii'nu «'i Him-, stranger unilu j. iiiiiiï cn- | ililli i , !i i'i- " ,iuV e i-ii i ' ! The nu ,u( r I. " PL niy." " A11.s.| u. icv.it It th.' li dluitl.th ni" .T-lii tin',«line mil sible \\..iu« rt«.-lo my i!'¡to'iis!iiiii.iit~tli u vihtihpui Hu« Kieiuh iiiiiih lilli- tiutuic. " 'lo n p mi)," th" .1 ply. "(Jut* -quail ( ' c Uiiliitli". tli'Ujiii ud, (»kin; willi his bli'.y i')c a niplil uui'ii tory ul lim i lite "S'lulpiue-- " " llus'.i !" ui'i'ii i«p!s tin' dlniier pnilei, luilillii|«, np bu h nul in a ( Ullin 1,11 j iniuuu'i. "llave you done anything tu-il.t) f" "No1 atlii'ir." 'I lu'ii (lu 11- i i uni' mine in a ioxx toni« ; hut yon nguiu iI|'.Uiil;iu-Ii the vioul " mIuhiI," und '? ¡exui o'tlot'k llalli." Tliey nu« Inn old lu be the Kieiichiiiaii's pupil«; pei li u |> i they an» Inn ii.«i«tunt« ¡iiui'ly tiii-y nu« nut all ill«' x ii tuns ni the t) lim« .nul lim irpnts miine otlli'i'r ' Hy this ftiu« tht- lunlliiid, looking xi'i) luivmis. ni i ives ivith (lu« bill, I hen t .uni«', il.o In-ul wallu, who denis tile ttli'i», caH'fully counting the finks The lfd.oiling u pin1, anti the tno|sti«al ""' ' '. i i n i iib ih nnn f nu luy ht hiul Ihtm-like chip driven ti Hie si imbles "Von iollo«; lo Hie Ruhvay station, tnd Hin yon -ei Hie 1 une mian, ulit complains hitit »ly of bring "sold in noting" by his enemy Ihe other three iiltei i coi firmal ive groan In spile ol the evident omnipotence oflhnr perse- vering foi low e«*, your curiosity nnpds y on to address him You tike alum on the platío-m together, and he explains the whole mystery "The fact is," he heguifl, " Inm Sergeant Wilcliein.of the Detective police." "And your four victims are12 ' " Members of a crack school of six eil mobsmen " " What do you mean by school V " " Gang There is a a e nely of gangs that is to say, of men who ' work ' toge- ther, who play in'o one annUVr's ha-iel 'Ihcie gentlemen hold the first rank, bo h for skill and enterprise, and .had they been allowed to remnii, would have brought back a considerable booty. Their chief is the Frenchman " " Why do they obey your orders so passively ?" " Eecause they are sure that if I were to bake them into custody, which I could do, knowing what they are, and present them before a magistrate, they would all be committed to prison for a month, as rogues and vagabonds " " They prefer then to have lost no in- considerable capital in dress and dinner, to bung laid up in jail." " Exactly so " The bell rings, and all five go off into the sune cal nage lo London 1 his is a circumstance that actually occurred , and a similar one happened when the Queen went to Dublin The mt te appearance of one of the Detective officers before a "school" which had transported itself m Ihe Royal train, spoilt their speculation , for they all found it more adxantagi otts to teturn to England in the same steamer with the I ofBei r, lhan lo remain with the certainty of being pul ni prison for fou deo or twenty-eight days is rogues and vaga- bonds So ihoioiighly well acquainted with these men aie Hie Detective officers we speak of, lint they frequen'ly tell what they have been al out by the expression of their eyes and their (»eneirl manner ïhis process is aptly termed " reckoning them up" Seine days ago, txx o skilful offietrs, whose pt ison ii acquaintance xxith Hie sa.eil mob is complete, wete vv llhing alone the Stiand on oth-r busi- ness, xx hen they c vx two of the ht st (hesxtd and lient m inend of the g-uig enti r a jevvellu's soup liny wailed lill they (ante out, ant', on scrutinising tin in, were convinced,!)) a cullin conscious look xx luth they betrayed, tint tht y had stolen stmithing lliey folio xid Hum, and in a fen minuits so nclhing xx is pissed from o le to the o her Hie o fil ecrs xx ere convinced, challenged them willi the theft, and suce-eded in event- ually convicting them of sie ii og two gold eye-glasses, and several i-welled mips * Ihe i ye," saul our inf itmant, " is l! e great detector \\\ e can tell in i c.ovvd what isvxell-mobsman is aboat by the ( xpres-ion of lus ey e " It is supposed that the number of ] er sons Axlio m ike a trade of thuviig m London is not mote ih n six Ihousinl, of these, ntirly two hum'red -re first tla-s tiuevis or sw tll-mohninen , -ix bun dnd " maccmen," and tiadt swindlers, bill-sx,indicts, dog steilen, &.c , al) mt forty burglars, "dancéis," "gantelets," and other adtpts with the skeleton-ki ys The r. st ire pick ,u ckets, " gun iphs ' - mostly young thitves who sneiK luto ire is, and rob tills-dud other ] llferers To de cet a »id circumvent this frater- nity i-, the seance of thief-taking Here it i , howexi r, impassible to gue exen an mi,crfttt notion of the high amount ot skill, liiielhgi nee, end knowledge, con- centrated in the chanctei of aclevir De- tective Policeman A Di:vi)iioe-si: at Malta.-A soiall distance from the Botanic Garden is a mo- nastery of the Capucins, fanions for its Cornelia or subterranean chapel, the orna- ments of which aro composed of the relics of mortality, bones and skulls. "When a monk dies,"his body is eviscerated-dried on the terraced roof, mid then, clothed in the monastic habit, it is placed in n niche in the Camena. Several of tltcso spectre like corpses aro to be seen, slowly moulder- ing away before the eyes of the beholder. One ol' them holds a scroll containing n mournful but neglected truth, "What thou art, I was ; Avhat I am thou shtilt be." It bus a strange and mournful interest, that oki monastery with its long pas «ages and narrow ccllsl A ghost-like air per- vades the corridors, mid makes you feel as though a spectro were airing liims*elf be- hind A'ou. I nm not very nervous, but I detected in my mind a lurking iiesue look oxer my shoulder as the monk xv oecoinpnnied mo related the iolloxxing 11 "One exening, he and sevcial of the i mates bad b cn comei-ing about the Cn neritv and its cold and silent dwellci» O after another bud told of ie.it lui appen anees and strange sounds, disturbing midnight the quiet of the nionastti in the midst ol these legends, a stiaiij elesiio seized one of the patty. 1 cxpie«sod a ax¡sh to descend alone with light into the nbode of the dead. TI otlieis nt tempted to dissuade bim, but v lin. With an mr ol bravado, and a sini of contempt ioi xvhat he iciiucd the supe stition of his compilions, he burst iio them, and they continuée! in nwo nu silence, listening to his ich eating foo steps. The dooi ol' the Camena ni hoard to open, and for a few moments li sound xv as he» nil ns the listeners gn/e fen fully at eidi olhci. buddtiilx, pieumg Fin itk rang tin ough Hie pa-agi ot the moiinsttiv, and hmllv hud th teho s leisiil xxlun it xx is followed by sueco-ion ol eues toi bel]) Li0ht- avu pi omi ed, and the x hole i mix nil, with th supeiioi at the lu ul, in bul down t) th -niiii n mian di qitl On the-bp 1 ia th illillinna ile vu tun of lu- uni tun nix a ping in the inonit « ol di iib A ii id ii the -t in bid eiu/lit the lum of lu lou. min, wlnli' ii-i ni ling to uioiii lu uni palliou, mil lisixni «1 und ui|ii I ii mu Inn«% li ti led hiin to mii^mi linn li in Hi gi np 11 tin (kail Hi was (lund to lu «ill, au 1 ilud tin m si dix Hi- with n i binn, ilml in monkish ibu , now fill« tun ol th ndit« ol the Pill nu lil - Iii ti lu i . .X ¡I v // i n Nun u li Li um Wodi li vtih «uno-Lud Join Hassell louk tin gn itcs' 'nins lo ] rev ti 111» «II L) ii Lill dib to Mill n I'll p i 111 UK ni \l islt sill,! of lill It ills, lilli: | ut | I the lliisluble p i lim I ol Lu i1 I 'i i u !' u Hu Tullin i pin' u ix hi) li eui ip'inu i to tin I ii« ut nil n m I Lud Lui, «li, vvn ) t' ilv mu 1.1 Lu ! I din t ) 1 M Í ii (lu i in ,ii i nu li i " ) long a li (I ul Ltiii." uiili ) ( uj i).d Hit Hulls, h« cuni lilli, lor Ila butti \,"-J'i m At i e lune h in Stotl uni, xvh u then w i« i |io|uil ir i ill lu a mun li i, as ii is te nuil, two t tndiil iii s «ill« rid to pu iib, vvhoxi n une s win Ad un and Low I lu lulu pn idit ti in tht m i mug, uni look foi Ins ttxt, "Adun, winn tut l'ion f Ile in iib a vux extt Hi ni di emu si, lunl Hit enugiuutioii wire xny much ulihed. lu du ullt moon, Mr Adam nu uheil upon the woid i, " Lo, In u am i " I lu impromptu and th» «union giincd lum tin i) | ointiiiuil, 