THE ROYAL SUPREMACY. The controversy about the ' Gorham case' has thrown the Established Church into such a ferment that results of great moment must inevitably follow. The Bishop of Exeter has, in plain terms, declared that he will no longer hold communion with the Archbishop of Canter bury, if his Grace carries into effect the decision of the Queen, speaking by her Privy Council. Whether bis Lordship purposes to submit to the Catholic Church, or to set up some new schismatical sect, remains to be seen, but one or the other course he must certainly adopt, unless he is prepared to eat his own words, and acknow ledge that he wrote them under excitement. Our readers, we doubt not, will be glad to see precisely what it is that he says. We will give them, therefore, the last sentences of his letter to the Archbishop of Canter bury : — ' Meanwhile I have one most painful duty to perform. I have to protest not only against the judgment pronounced in the recent cause, butalso against the regular consequences of thai judgment. 1 have to protest against your grace's doing what you will be speedily called tr. Ar. oitlinr in nursnn nr hv some .ither exprcisinw vonr anihnritv. I have to protest, and I do hereby solemlny protest, before the Church of England, before the Holy Catholic Church, before Him who is its Divine Head, against your giving mission to exercise cure of souls within my diocese, to a clergyman who proclaims himself to hold the heresies which Mr. Gorham helds. I protest that any one who gives mission to him till he retract, is a favourer and supporter of those heresies. 1 protest, in conclusion, that I cannot, without sin ? and, by God's grace, 1 will not — hold communion with him, be he who he may, who shall so abuse the high commission which he bears.— I am, my lord archbishop, with that ? due reverence and obedience' which i have pledged to you, and with earnest prayer that such reverence and obedience to you may never be forbidden by my duty to our common Master, your grace's affectionate friend for nearly thirty years, and your now afflicted servant, H. Exeter. -London., March 20, 1850.' If it were not for the very strong Anti-Catholic sen timents which have quite recently emanated from the Bishop of Exeter's pen, o ur hopes of a satisfactory re sult from such a straightforward declaration as this, would be very high. As it is, we freely confess we are not sanguine; but then, what is to be the result? Unless he becomes a Catholic, and so finds out that he is quite mistaken in imagining himself to be a Bishop, he will never consent to resign his See, or forego the exercise of his office so far as it is in his power to exercise it, in the event of the Queen super seding him. Ho will esteem the prelate thrust by the state into his chair, as an intruder, and if he is consistent, he must regard as schismatics all the Bishops who hold communion with such intruder. The question he will have to decide is this, whether the true Church of England is represented by the Church in communion with the See of Rome,— -or by that from which he sepa rates, and of which his Grace of Canterbury is the Primate and her Majesty the head, — or by himself and the few followers who may be induced to join him. In the latter case it would be as well if he were to ask, who gave him jurisdiction in the diocese of Exeter, and whether his having the power of exercising the functions of a bishop at all does not proceed from that very Royal Supremacy which he now seems disposed to shake off. Anglicans of the present day are divided as to the nature of this supremacy — but if we look to its origin, and to the opinion of those who were instrumental in providing a substitute for that of the Holy See, we shall have no difficulty in ascertaining what the real doctrine of the Church' of England is. It is that the Queen ts personally infallible, that she is the very over seer, the very shepherd whom the Holy Ghost has ap pointed. Archbishop Cranmer, and the whole body of English bishops in the reign of Henry VIII., appended their names to the following declaration : — ' As for making and constituting priests, the prince shall and may then do as God shall then by inspiration teach him ; which God hath promised to do always to His Church, in ruling and teaching any necessary knowledge, where any doubt requiring discussion doth arise.' If this is not attributing to the Queen the infallibility which our Lord promised to His Church we know not what words mean. ' What Henry and his favourite counsellors meant by the supremacy,' says Mr. Macaulay, ' was certainly nothing less than the whole power of the keys. The King was to be the Pope of his king dom, the Vicar of God, the expositor of Catholic verity, the channel of sacramental graces. He arrogated the right of deciding dogmatically what was orthodox doc trine and what was heresy, of drawing up and imposing confessions of faith, and of giving religious instruction to his people. He proclaimed that all jurisdiction, spiritual as well as temporal, was derived from him alone, and that it was in his power to confer the episcopal character, and to take it away. He actually ordered his seal to be put to commissions by which bishops were appointed, who were to exercise their functions during his royal pleasure.' In the patent by which Dr. Broughton was constituted Bishop of the Establishment in new Doutu waies, ib was ataiea m express terms that he held his office at the 'King's pleasure, and that if the patent were revoked he would instantly cease to be Bishop of Australia. We believe that in the recent patents given to Colonial Bishops, the offensive clause is left out, but still it is clear that as the patent is neces sary, and may at any time be revoked, the bishops can act as bishops only while the Royal will permits them. In all probability the matter will be brought to a prac tical test in the diocese of Dr. Philnotts. It remains to be seen what he and the Puseyites will do. While the Anglican theory of unity remained a mere theory, it was all very well. It looked well enough on paper. But now the trial is at hand. Puseyism is now brought to the test, and our full persuasion is that it will be scattered to the winds. If the Church of England is to remain one, she must submit, in doctrine and discipline and everything else, to her Supreme Head. If she re fuse, she must inevitably crumble into dust. Since the foregoing was in type the following has reached us : — ?' frnnwAiif »i_ the RisHfiP nv TT.vrtw.r.-— On 1 fitli Anril. tht- Bishop of Exeter applied to the Court of Queen's Bench for ? a rule to show cause why a writ of prohibition should not issue against Sir Herbert Jenner Fust, Judge of the Court of Arches, and the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, prohibiting them from further proceeding in a monition or citation again gst the Bishop of Exeter, requiring him to return to that court a certain presentation of the Rev. Mr. Gorman to the vicarage of Bramford Speke, in the county of Devon j and to prohibit them further from carrying into effect a cenain execution of judgment on the order of her Majesty in Council on the report of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council who sat upon the case.' ' 