FACETLffi. A Clever Pun.-A lady in Calcutta asked a colonel (or a mangoe : as he rolled it along, it foll into a plate of kits-missis-n species of [ grape. " Hon* naturally," exclaimed the col- onel. " mun-poe* to kits-mtt*. Dr. Parr nt IF/uX.-Dr. Parr had a high' opinion of his own skill nt whist, and «mid not ! even patiently tolerate the want of it In his part- ner. Being engaged with a party In which ho «eas unequally matched, he was asked hy a lady how the fortune of the game turned ? when, he replied, " Pretty well, madam, considering; that 1 have three adversaries." Exrellent.-One day at the Tailleries, when several Utiles were to take the oath of fidelity to the Eniiwror Napoleon on their new appoint- ments, he particularly noticed th« beautiful Ma- dame Monnier, who wore remarkably short petticoats, to show the delicacy of her unkle. Some one asked Talleyrand what he thought nf. the tout ensemble. .. I think," sahl lie, " that her dress it too short to take an oath of fide lily. ' llanelly.-An anecdote is related nf Sheridan, who went tn a hairdresser to order a wig. On being measured, the barber, n liberal soul, in- vited the orator to take some refreshment in an inner room Heir he rega'ed him with a bottle of port, anti showed so much genuine hospi- tality, tint Sheridan's heart was touched. When they rose from the table, anil were about se- parating, the Utter, looking the barber full in the face, said, " On reflecting-. ( don't intend that you »hall make my wig P" Astonished, and with a blank visage, the other cried, ?. good heavens, Mr Sheridan, how eau I llave dis- pleased you ?" "Why, look you," said Sheri- dan. " you are sn hutu-st .fellow, and, 1 repeat it, yon shan't make the wig, for 1 never intended to pay for it. I'll go to Another less worthy son of the craft.''-Macaulay. Extracte from i hr Will of an Karl of Pem- broke.- For my soul, I confess 1 have, heard very much of souls, lint what they arr, or whom they are, or what they are for, Uni] knows, t know not; they trll mo now of another world, wheic 1 never was, nor do I know one foot of the way thither. While thc King stood, I was nf Iiis religion, mittle my son wear a cassock, nntl thought to make him a bishop ; then came the Scots, ami matte me a Presbyterian ; and sine* Cromwell entered I have been an Independent. Those, 1 believe, are the kingdom's throe estates, and if any of these can havn a soul, I may claim one; therefore if my executors do find 1 hnve n soul, I give it to him who gave it to mo. I givo my body, for I cannot keep lt, to he burled. Do not leave me in the church porch, for I was a lord, and would not be buried where Colonel Pride was born. My will is, that t have no monument, for then I must have epitaphs and verses, and all my life long I have had too much of them. I give my deer to the Earl of Salis- bury, who, I know, will presrrve them, because he denied tim king a huck out of one of his own parks. I give nothing tn Ixjril Say ; which legacy I give him. because 1 know he will be- stow it on the poor. To Tum May I give five shillings ; I intended him more I but whoever has seen hts History of the (Parliament, thinks five shillings too much. I givo Lieutenant-Ge- neral Cromwell one word nf mine, because hitherto he never kept his own. 1 give up the ghost. Strange Visitors in an Assize Court.-Nr. Selly Lowndes, who, last week, sat ni High Sioritrat thc Aylesbury Assizes, had, it seems, told his huntsman to bring Iiis hounds to tho White Hart Inn, at Aylesbury, in order to treat Iiis hunting friends to a bye day nt Aston Ab- lion* immediately after the assizes. The Wiitin Hart Inn yard, in which the hounds were placed, I is close to the court where the Sheriff was sit- ting, and owing- to some disturbance In tho court, the Sherill was repeatedly obliged to call " Silence !'' which tie did with his strong- anti powerful voice in good earnest. The call wa* heard by his faithful hound Rileuce. who nt length broke through the paling and rushed into the court where bis master tile Sheriff was silting, ami the whole pack at his heels. Tim assise trumpeter was requested to blow, but bia nutre was not attended to-the hounds woultl not quit the court for him. nor did they till their master, the Sheriff, callrd them together, and to the amusement and satisfaction of the Court, tonk them, in the style of a thorough good huntsman, to a place of safety. All busi- ness was suspended till the worthy Sheriff re- turned tn the court. A Servant u-Ao «? HW« AI lo to it."-An American gentleman tolls us it good story of one of bis domestics. Having' employed a new female servant, he tat down in the parlour, the evening aftei, to a " civil gan.e at whist" with his wife and a couple of neighbours. The next muming " My Lady, the help," observed that *. the card-playing must be put a stop to, or she should be obliged to leave -she dld'nt approve of the practice, and never allowed it in families where she lived !" Why it the letter D like a wedding ring ? Because " we" cannot be " toed " without it.. Scotch Tenacity,-The motto on Lord Camp- bell's «ral is " Justifia: Tenar.'' The tram latiun of this, evidently is, " Holding on to tba Chief Justiceship."-Punch. Romping.-Never find fault with girls if they ar« derided romps i but be thoughtful that they hare the health and spirits necessary for romping. Better be a romp, than have a nar- row chest and'fluahrd cheek. An Englishman observing a stone roll down a staircase, it bumped on every stair till it carno to the bottom ; then, of course, it rested. " That stone," said he, " resembles the national debt1 of my country ¡ it ha» bumped on every grada of the community, but Its weight resta on' the lowest," Dr. Whately and the A.D.C_Ata Drnw ing-room nt Dublin Castle, one evening last week, one of the Lord Lieutenant's, aides-de camp thought proper to ask Dr. Whately. Arch- bishop of Dublin, IT he knew what dllii-renco there was between an ait nnd a Iloman dithol ic. bishop P Dr. W. replying that he did not know, was told by the A.D.C. that11 one wore a cross on his baok, and the other on lils breast." Dr. I ty" then said to the A.D.C . "Now, sir, tell ma ll. you know the différence between an ass and an aide-de-camp." Thu A.D.C, after considering awhile, said he did not. «. Neither do 1," said the Archbishop.-S, Timtf. March 24. Amphibious liiptds_Those Irish land- owners are truly amphibious who stand a chanca of bring Vnockod un their heads if they stay at home, and nm lure' of gelling no rent* if ihtif go abroad, thin Illustrating the fate nf the hip popotnmui, which, os the lixeier 'Chang" show-: man said,-" ls-n liampltlbicuo banime.1, -that . cannot live upon land, and diet i»> tho water,"'» ' lïn/d Deposit* in Spnin.-.Th» threttit.i óf Vla'dtid' liâtes,'on ihi* untt.ot'W of th* JftiVtal journal of giii p-ixiuor tit Uttu-uU, 'tittil; l^ilnn sive gobi .depciiis bul butti siltfu»«te»J'lr. t"h>',î province, Wm. a etm»-d*t»tiit}' <jfii*fttliy,, «>f. '^Pyl 'uWatned 'friïm .tlii.v, . '.?.'(ipncçWlH» gly«ir,*fev In lae*..' tU^ost,-»'- iDarystlou» st seton!«»{' tfcvivr' from' 'Vt'i'fAiivIs Ail (lie irr(it>li!Ui>W P{ n vtfhWite ' - »V'iUravtrWhefifi " tt^V^iA-íít'rtitllí^-^ ' tho nUMíá». wklv't^'ivlMip% «....'»v-t»» V^^r.ilV'ftw-'UW.'rf\U^jt;f«í",Unv Á».-Wno» 1 -M' : .., K'. '.'..WiV.*'.'' f;st^at^i»;-<l*>t'iw»-¡tni-11 W- ..>,). '*.. >.(', .\fi\\-\itipn'.t* - l'**' -JMVV'.'>«. «>>«? > Wi.-leHwhv.si jt'" ,'vitiitU'f ho «ia* .-«ii«« t\i MW f.-sMM .it.1-" ,..iriWM-W»*^ ...'-.»vi«!.- VF!,'.'..».. »¿v. rUí ¡.!i¡<: 