SOUTH AUSTRALIAN AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. TO THE EOITOB OT TUE " ADELAIDE OBSERVER. Silt-i feel disposed to make some remarks on the character of the late tattle show. 1 am desirous that my criiicisms should be severe (severe in the sense of correct), but not ill-natured. I am of opinion that the show as a whole was a decided failure, which I think is mainly attributable to two causes; the haste with which tie thing was conducted, ami, secondly, Hie season of the year. The show was late, and sud denly determined on, and only a month's notice of it was g'ven, which produced the second cause of failure, the postponing it to the middle of November. Of course these two causes could very easily be aiiered in future, and to remedy them I would suggest six months' notice and the fissure of the exhibition day on or about the la^t day of August in each year. At the time I speak of ihe wheat and hay crops are sown, the potatoes just finished, the hay harvest and shearing uucommenced; in point of fact, from the middle of August tiil the middle of November is the only leisure month that farmers or producers of all kinds have. The wealner is cool enough to drive stock any distance ; and the growth of pasture by that time is generally sufficiently strong to have put the animals ;n good condition. Flora puts on her mo>t enchanting livery ; we are surrounded by verdure, not covered with dust. The flower-show could be held at the same time. Another latent cause of failure is> that, g^nerai-y, the fanners and s:ock- producers have had i.oco.'/fideuce in the ability ol the judges. Almost every person whom 1 met, and ask?d t'J exhibit at the i-h nv, put 'he query, " Prav who are ilie judges ?" As I cou'-d not possibl'y answer this ijUestinti, there was no ardour to meet; and some parties, who 1ml belter stock than any exhibited at the show, declined to do so unless they could know beforehand the character for abiiity as well as honesty of those who should Mt in judgment on their animals ; and en passant it may ' e remarked that no person has any objection to exhibit a guud animal to a g >ud judge. If the extiibitor does not get a prize, he Mill gets his animal properly placed and corrtctly valued; and tlie information he gets Oy having his property correctly placid and valued is Worth all the double he takes in the matter. And in good truth scientific information on the animals exhibited is the th:ng wanted, and the thing fir which tne sub-.citbers pay, and which the pioiiticer* and exhibitors want. It wiil be reaisi!y admitted th;U snm? few of us in the colony have s-.Jiie little English experience in the matter of siork ; but the great majority of farmers are onlv self-tanJlit ami self-made. Tiiis cl-tss ot -farmers, together with the rising generation, are sadly in want of expeiience and science to guide them in the selection and breed of animals They want, in a word, to know why a particular an;m;d is the be^t for a particular purpose, and luiw lo produce a partitfular animal for a specific put pose. This is the whole science of breeding and rearing stock; and vvi'en exhibitors br;og their sto;k up for judgment, they have a right to expect that the judges are ju Iges; men who, from experience on the one hand, and science on the other hand, can give a scientific reason for the superiority of one anhnai o^-cr another, and why one animal should have a prize and another not have it. That judges were appointed wilh this faculty, in the late show, I beg to deny, so far, at least, as I he blond stock were concerned. The judges for blood- stock were-Messrs Sharp. Lines, King, Brodie, and Dr Rankine. 'i be first two nan.ed ot these gentlemen, I reaoily admit, ate admirers and judges o! Ivm-es; the last three-named gentlemen, viz.. Messrs King, Brodie, and Ranking, in my very humble opinion, know as little of the properties of blood horses as any three men who have been so lou^ as they have in the colony. It has beeu understood that the last three named gen tlemen stuck together and outvoted the two iirsfc natned in their dec sions. However, whether that be so or no, I presume I may be allowed to try to canvass the wisdom of their verdict in the matter. The first prize was given to Cantab, the second to Rambler. Now, without asserting that Cantab ought or ought n<.t to have the first piize, 1 wi;l take it ut'Oii myself to assert, that if it. is rght that Cantab should have the first prize, Rtmhler should not have the second prize ; aud why ? Because Runbier is a liors?of a different type. Some Tyro may ask me what I mean by a hovse of a different type or class ; 1 answer, I mean a horse whose proportions aud properties nre essentially different to that of another. For ex ample : Rambler, in his loins, enormous hips, and powerful gaskins, is altogether unlike (and superior for a particular work) to Canttb. Cantab, for his noble crest, lung neck, trumpet nostril, fine wither, oblique shouder, and length of kmb is different to Kambler. and better also f.>r a particular clas« of exertion ; the one (Caut-b) being suited, if he 1ms bottom (which is the highest proof of blood) for flat racing, while Rambler is better suited for racing and fencing at the same time. There were three types or classes of blood horses exhibited at the late show, and I think they may be classed thus : Forlorn Hope j Rambler I Cantab Coronet | 32<rrninoiit j Merry Monarch I do not feel myself called upon to express au opinion as to which is the b.st horse, u >r would I do so uutil some priuciple or law is laid d «n upon which to give a verdict. The question being, are we to judge the horse as he stands simply, or to judge him as he is aud also in relation to his pedigree ? -! think in blood stock the latter should be the rule of judgment, but iu no other kind of horse stock. It may be as well to observe that, while there are ex cellent blood horses, there are no remarkably good blood mares in this country, and the mare is much more importaut in breeding than the horse. I he mother, if young, a'wavs tr;in«mil- her properties to the chil dren ; not so the father : he may and he nv«.y not do so. Among the Greeks30 it) years ago she bets were laid, in their chariot r;;ces, on the known properties of the dam, not the sire. If this view of the thing is conect how indiffe ent is our stock Jikelv to bo, for we certainly have not more than three good-bred blood mares in South Australia-Mr '-iakers imported mare (imported by Mr Whitington) being first, Mr Thompson's second, and Like Fits the next-spite of the judges' prize. To remedy so great an evil as this is is one part of the duty of an agricultural society, viz., to pomt out iu what st«ck the C Miutry is most deficient, auit to remedy that deficiency either by importing the animals wanting or giving a prize for so doing. Upon this subject I will take the liberty of making both a suggestion aud a proposition :-First, a sugges tion as to {he kind of stock wanted ; aud, second, a proposition how to procure it. First, I think we have no example lice of the hunt ing stallion, the horse ab'e to live with the hounds, aud take-safely take-a lS-stone mar. at a fence; in a word, the Yorttshire hunter, six or seven-eighths bred, with plenty of bone and carcass. Again, where is the poor man's every-purpose horse or mare ? where is the e a true old-fashioned Suffolk punch mare, that ploughs well, pulls well, trots well in saddle or harness ? There are such mares in Suffolk and Cambridgeshire only, I believe-good dispositioned, strong-constitutioned mates -square, muscular, all-ofa heap animals-who will plough you a day's work, and trot 10 miles anh >ur in sad dle and harness. But where are they here ? Th^re are a few a liit'e like the thing, but nothing perfect. I would propose, therefore, that the ociety sh«u d, by means of subscriptions of its members (1 will subscribe £20 towards it), send a competent person to England to purchase and import here three or four animals jst. The highest-bred mare money can buy in Eng land, in foal to the finest horse iu England. 2ud. A Yorkshire hunting stallion, to be full 16 hands. Srd. A pure Clydesdale mare, and 4th. A true Suffolk punch, both to be in foal. Who is there that would not trust houest old Gepp to do this job? £1000 would do the thing well; tho animals to be the property of the subscribers, aud to be disposed of as they shal! direct, subject to their being kept in South Australia. So much for importing stock*; and now for the better management of shows that are yet to come. Let me call the attention of the Society and of the farmers-the practical breeders of horses-to what method shou'd be adopted for the future to create a healthy competition iu horses and secure a «ound judg ment on their irerits* I propose that the Society should meetthree months before the next S low and invite all the farmera tor «eud in the names of such persons iu whom they have the most confidence for ability to become judges of stock of any kind ; that then a given number should be balloted for ; that those parties selected as judges should be published as the elected judges if "Stock for tlie ensuing ehow ; aud that* ih addition to a prize to the-most important class of stock, the Society should arrange for a sweeputakesof so much for each kind of animal^ the Society regulating the sweep. The effect of electing the judges by ba lot and pub lishing their names aud duties will be to give confidence to the exhibitor. He knows before whom his stock is to be shown, and feels a" proportional confidence in submitting his anima's to their judgment. Again, the elected judges will no doubt classify the animals, and not let us hare any more such absurdities in the list as showing colts against fillies of the same age. That there are competent judges of stock in South Australia I think the following among mauy other good names will show. Say for draught hor.ses-Mr Chambers ; Mr Woodhead of Hichmond ; Mr B. Greig; Mr Bowman, of Fine Forest; Mr Burley, <>f the Meadows ; Mr Duffield ; Mr Hogarth ; &c.; Say for blood stock-Mr Bradshaw ; Mr Gepp ; Mr 15wart; Mr Sharp ; Mr Parker ; Mr Lines ; Mr Rutland ; &c.; I think I may venture to prophesy that if any such parties as the above are named beforehand to be the judges of stock next year, we shrill have a show- and not the ghost of one, which we had this year. At any rate, as far as I myself can go, with such or similar name*, I will show, year after year, while I have a hoof to exhibit, being satisfied that, if I do not get prizes, I shall get what is more valuable, instruction for my money. Sir. wishing the Society every success, and the prac tical hard-wording farmer to put his hand to the plough, I have troubled you with the above. I ain yours, &c.;, CRAS. SIMEON HABE. 