A GHOST STORY It so happened that the gentlemen from whom Dr. Grindley had the narrative I am now about to tell, Colonel Ainslie by namr, was an early companion and "schoolfellow of' Lord Kingsconnell nell, and after having lost sight of him since boyhood,.in consequence of the vicissitudes of a military life, had met and renewed the acquaint- ance with him in Italy. They had been much together there, and found pleasure in talking over their Juvcnile days, and in consequence of a pressing invitation to visit him at his own house on his. return. Colonel Ainslie arrived there with tho intention of remaining some time with his friend, very shortly after Lady Kings- connell's departure. On his first arrival he was conducted to the room assigned him by a ser- vant, but after passing over a cheerful evening in talking over tho reminiscences of the past, when it was time to retire for tho night, Lord Kingsconnell himself accompanied his guest, pre- ceded by the butler carrying candles, to the door of his apartment. Only to the door, foe al- though is had apparently been his intention to enter along with him, Colonel Ainslie remarked that as they approached it he started, turned away almost with a shudder, and, hastily bidding him goodnight, retreated immediately. This circumstance made but a momentary impression upon the visitor at the time, though afterwards it was vividly recalled to his mind. The apart- ment was a large and handsome one, but con- tained nothing to render it in any way striking. A good fire was blazing in the grate, and Colonel Ainslie, not feeling inclinex to sleep, drew one of the easy chairs with a writing table to the hearth, and having put on his dressing gown sat down to write a letter. The fire had burned low, and the candles were sink- ing in the sockets. Just as Colonel Ainslie having effectually shaken off his drowsiness, was about to rise from his chair, to his astonishment he beheld tho door of tho chamber slowly open. It was at the end of the room, and a good way from the fireplace. He sat gazing intently at it, feeling as, if it were impossible tor him to leave his seat, whilst a figure, at first indistinct- ly seen in the obscurity, entered, and advancing with a stately, measured step towards the light, stood still within two paces of his chair. It was that of a young and remarkably handsome man, dressed in a rich laced suit his whole appear- ance denoting a gallant of the first rank; but his countenance, Colonel Ainslie declared, such as would never leave his memory till his dying day. lt was ghastly pale faced in ab expres- sion of such concentrated woe, such hopeless despair-the dark mournful even bent upon him with such a look of untold anguish as froze the very blood in his veins. . He instinctively felt that people in such awful circumstances are said to do, that it was not in fact frowned to freeze looked upon. His limbs seemed to stiffen his tongue clung to the roof of his mouth and he sat as if spellbound, unable to withdraw his eyes for an instant from that dread unchanging gaze. Thus passed some space of time, a long one it could not have been, but to his imagination it seemed to comprise hours of horror. Then the apparition, slowly raising its hand, pointed with an authoritive gesture to the door. That mo- tion broke tho spell which benumbed Colonel Ainslie's senses. He rose from his seat, feeling he must escape, or be driven mad by the terror of this visitation; yet at the same time remem- bering with a sensation of mortal dread that in order to escape he must pass closely. How he did so, or how he gained the door he never could distinctly recall, but he did gain it, and found himself in a long passage, fortunately lighted by the moonbeams which made their way through a window not entirely darkened, and along this he who had risked his life in various battles, had mounted a breach and led a forlorn hope, yet never had known what bodily fear was, confessed, and declared he was not ashamed to confess, that he fled in such a con- dition of panic and horror as none but those who have experienced tho overpowering influence of supernatural fears can rightly picture to them- selves. A few days rafter this, news arrived of the tragic death of the young Master Kings- connell Mrs Gordon Kingsconnell. 