To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMEN-In an interesting letter on Bank- ing, in your publication of this morning, subscribed W. Z., there is an allusion to a position w a letter of a former correspondent, SEMI Climax, where he attributes the distress of the years 1893 to the prodigal issue of bank paper, which assertion W. Z. thinks an over- charged one, Anti Climax not making allowance for the fall in our staple articles of export. I am confident anti-climax has not forgotten to make every just allowance upon that point, but the attempt of the English Banks to raise interest came too late, their rags had been successfully put forth and had enormously enhanced prices before they put on the Screw. The reflections connected with a melancholy retrospect of the evils attendant upon over Banking and over issues, induce an expression of surprise that none of your correspondents, neither Climax nor North Briton, who speaks as one having authority, and with mock humility, looks down with ill - disguised contempt upon " such eminent author twice as yourselves and your coadjutors," although I never read letters presenting so fine an example of the art of self refutation, as the two first of North Briton. From no quar- yet has any notice been taken of the effusion of your late correspondent Cobbett's Ghost, in which he boldly asserted that the notes of all the banks, although promising to pay one pound sterling on demand, are rarely redeemed. I wish now to inform your correspondents that the Ghost is so alarmed at not finding any yow pieces in circulation in this colony, that he has departed for a Country where his refined Perceptions can be gratified in that particular, but first calling at California with a view of ascertaining whether the production of the dross" is likely to bother the old Lady in Threadneedle-street, and shake the mint price of gold; your correspondents must either refer to me, or address Cobbett's Ghost, Bullion Vaults, Bank of England, the only place where the wicked, id est., fabricators of bank rags, cease from troubling, and his spirit is at rest. Saffery: U this the plants EtigUtli capital referred to by your correspondent 1 I must again assert the principle that the best security trade and the commerce of the colony can enjoy against over trading and over banking would be the imposition of a legal obligation upon all who issue bank notes' to redeem their notes in gold. I repeat the bank notes of the colony stipulate upon their faces what they do not perform, which is to be paid in sterling money on demand I may be asked, " do you deny that silver coin is sterling r" I reply that I do, nothing else but gold will satisfy me. All I simply assert is, that the standard of value is a gold standard, and that the banks ought to be legally obliged to redeem their one-pound notes by sovereigns of standard weight and fineness, and until they do SO I fearlessly brand the colonial circulation as nothing more than a currency of filthy rags. The whole question turns upon a matter of fact in the memorable words of Sir Robert Peel, I ask, " what is a pound?" Since the resumption of cash payments by the Act of 1890, I maintain the pound sterling IS thevalueof dwts. 3.274 grains of gold of standard fineness, and nothing else. How is the colonial £1 currency to maintain its character if it is not to be considered equivalent to what it professes to represent ? And what is to prevent the banks, collectively and simultaneously, from augmenting the circulation of bank rags f provided the time and colonial credit be favourable, or in the words of W. Z., "did the colony present afield for its secure and profitable investment." If the English law of convertibility into gold does not apply to this colony, I see nothing to hinder them except the sense of prudence in the management, and the possession of that quality cannot always be depended upon. What, Gentlemen, is of the last importance to every community, is to secure a currency as unchangeable and uniform in value as gold itself, and all that I affirm is, that we are not in possession of such an equable and invariable measure of value as we might have and that our only infallible security is a mixed convertible currency, under the influence of which the bank note must circu- late upon equal terms, and simultaneously with the sovereign. If our Legislature has permitted the association of bodies of men, who are endowed with authority to substitute paper notes for the coin of the realm, without taking adequate security that the paper substitutes are immediately redeem- able in the gold coin they pretend to represent, still that is no reason that the evil should not be cured by the collective wisdom of the colony. Adopt the English gold standard apply the English law of legal tender to silver-oblige the Banks to keep a reserve of one-third of their liabilities in coin-and compel them to redeem their notes in sovereigns at the will of the holder, and everything else may be confidently left to adjust itself. I must now apologise for taking up so much of your limited space, but I trust the subject will excuse me, the transcendant importance of which I cannot describe better than in the words of the first financier of the age, Sir Robert Peel, " there is no contract, public or private-no engagement, national or individual, which is unaffected by it. The enterprises of commerce, the profits of trade, the arrangements made in all the domestic relations of society, the wages of labour, pecuniary transactions of the highest amount and of the lowest, the command which the coin of the smallest denomination has over the necessaries, of life, are all affected by the decision which may be come to on this great question." I am, Gentlemen, Your most obedient servant, PHILO RICARDO. 