COLONIAL EXTRACTS. A MAD DOCTOR. We take the following extraordinary account from the South Australian Register (a highly respect- able paper) of January 9th, 1850. We feel the same difficulty as the Editor of that journal in publishing such blasphemous trash, but the con- duct of such a person as Dr. Groves cannot be made too public :— SURGEON-SUPERINTENDENTS.——THE BRIGHTMAN. We have received a letter from one Dr. Groves, of the barque Brightman, complaining of the few gentle remarks made by us in our impression of Monday last. If we had nothing else to convince us of the terrible laxity of the responsible parties in England, in the selection of medical men for emigrant ships, the letter of this blasphemous madman would be quite sufficient. We print a portion of it verbatim, because it confirms, under his own hand, the account which reached us on the arrival of the vessel :— To the Editor of the South Australian Register. Sir,—The Latin log of the Brightman's sur- geon contains the following :— Musa sonat sic : " Clarus Homo" absque fidelibus ullis Musa excepto—Nam tenet omne bonam. Translation :— "The Brightman's barque this truth unfolds "Its area not one Christian holds." The author a solitary exception, to quote the words of the Editor himself. Adelaide, January 7, 1850. Sir,—I have condescended to peruse the ob- servations contained in your print of this day. I have already outwitted you by Latin. I will now duplicate the affair by English, although belong- ing to Francois Celeste. You certainly are in- consistent with common arithmetic, and whether the Surgeon to the Brightman, is Man or God, is not your business. You had better hold hard and know your latitudes and longitudes ere you presume to an exercise of the statu quo of your columns. I expected something vapid from colo- nials, but I have found this Australian territory full of polonials. Consult your Dictionaire for the interpretation. I am, ELLI SON SPENCER DOUGLAS GROVES, Surgeon to the Brightman and first of English Bards ; God THE HOLV GHOST ; or CHRIST 2ND. A mass of illegible writing follows; after which we detect :— "You are an egregious ASS. Take it out in negrohead and colonial beer. Audi alteram partem. You have turned the liberty of the press into licentiousness. The judgments of God are, VERILY FOR THIS generation. I am the in- strument, action, and cause." Our readers will readily believe the difficulty we have had in printing such crazy and impious rubbish ; but if we withheld the letter, and were contented with strictures on its contents, we should scarcely succeed in our point so well. In the name of common sense, and on behalf of outraged humanity, we ask—Shall such things be tolerated ? For lives of helpless women, sick children, and way-worn men are entrusted to the medical skill and superintending mercies of a frantic maniac ! It was but yesterday that he was found by the police in a state of intoxication, and having paid the fine, he is again at large, and may so continue until he commits some more serious breach of the law. 'Tis really past patience that such things should be, and we are heartily sick of the offensive duty of gibetting medical offenders. Complaints of drunkenness on the part of a surgeon of another ship in port have been lately sent to us. One captain also is said to have been scarcely ever sober, and never fit for duty, during the entire voyage. How is it, we demand to know, that the Emigration Agent has not noticed this case of the Brightman ? One hundred and twenty passengers, for one hundred and ten days, were under the control, for life or for death, of a man who signs himself " GOD THE HOLY GHOST !" or " CHRIST 2ND !" What a dispenser of medicine ! Imagine the terrors of all on board at such a surgeon-superintendent ! If the cells of Bedlam are to be ransacked to supply men for this most responsible office, at least let our friends in England know it is as it is just possible they would retrain their connections within range of their own eye, rather send them to sea in subjection to a doctor who, although holding a diploma, has lost his faculty, being as " mad as a march hare." THE TRANSPOSITION QUESTION. — I have heard not a few doubts expressed as to how the Government may feel with respect to the conduct of Sir Harry Smith and Sir Charles Fitz Roy. It seems impossible but that in terms they must approve of their acts, under all the circumstances of each case—circumstances which could never have been in the contemplation of the Home Go- vernment when they ordered convicts to be sent to the two colonies. But perhaps there may be a little dissatisfaction at the two Governors so very evidently going with the colonists. And then what will her Majesty's Government say to the Sydney and Cape Town people ? I am not dis- posed to speculate on this subject, because in all probability you will learn as soon as you receive this the reply to Sir Charles Fitz Roy's represen- tations. But I suspect you will find that the tone assumed will be that of great indifference ; as that her Majesty's Government can have no desire but to consult the wishes and interests of the colony, and, if the colony does not want the convicts, they shall be sent elsewhere—as, for example, to More- ton Bay ! —Oct. 6, London Cor. S M. Herald. HORRIBLE DISCOVERY.—As Mr. Black, super- intendent to Mr. Barker, accompanied by his stockman, Charles Niblett, was driving some cattle near the station of Mr. Hastie, at the Carangamite Salt Lakes, they accidentally came to a hut on the borders of the lake, entering which, they saw the dead body of a man in the last stage of putrefac- tion, lying on some straw on the floor of the hut. One of the man's legs was bent, the bone of the knee protruding through the skin. On our in- formant pulling the leg, it separated from the body, which was half eaten away by native dogs and wild cats. The stench was unbearable, whilst the decomposed state of the corpse prevented any identity being proved. It was supposed to be the body of a white man ; but who, or how long he had lain there, or by what means he came by his death—whether the result of violence or not—the brief time of our informant's stay prevented him from ascertaining. The hut is about two miles from Mr. Hastie's station.—Melb. Corresp. of Geelong Advertiser. THE NEWSPAPER TAX.—New South Wales, as the elder amongst the colonies of the great southern territories, has been very properly the first to follow in the wake of Britain as regards a cheap and uniform rate of postage ; but her Executive have fettered the Act with an extraordinary charge upon the transmission of newspapers of one penny each. This is, indeed, a slight step in advance, but accompanied by an instant and lengthened jump backwards, and would excite ridicule were it not a painful proof of the paucity of true states- manship in those who take the lead in the political affairs of a great and rising country. It is even worse than the ridiculous Morphett bubble of a house of " bold barons from the bush" of South Australia. To tax newspapers is to gag the voice of public opinion, to crush the liberty of the press by destroying its circulation, and to open the floodgates of the abuses of past ages—to be rid of which Hampden fought, the wise and good long laboured, and many a martyr fell. We feel per- suaded that the elder colonists will not be long in coming to a reconsideration of this great question, and enforcing an improved legislative enactment upon those who govern. For ourselves, we can venture to assure them that nothing shall induce us to connive at a similar infliction here. We have no objection to a uniform rate of twopence, and a town rate of one penny, as adopted in New South Wales ; but we should reject with contempt any change in this colony accompanied by such a barbarous revival from the buried dogmas of a darker age.—S. A. Register, Jan. 2. FORFEITED RUN, MORETON DISTRICT.—It is hereby notified that the undermentioned run of crown land having become forfeited, sealed tenders, in the prescribed printed form, will be received at this office until noon of Monday, the first day of April next, from the previous holders, and from any other persons who may he desirous to enter into competition with them for the purchase of the lease of the said run. Every such tender must state the term of years (not exceeding fourteen if in an unsettled district, or eight if in an inter- mediate district) for which it is proposed to take the run ; and whether, in addition to the minimum rent required by her Majesty's order in council, it is intended to offer any, and, if any, what amount of yearly premium per thousand sheep, or equivalent number of cattle, for the lease. As the grazing capabilities of this run have not yet been determined, it will be necessary that each tender contain an estimate of the number of sheep or cattle that the run will carry. Until the run has been regularly surveyed, and its grazing capabilities determined, the future lessee will be required to pay rent according to his own estimate, as given in the tender ; and in the event of the rent so paid proving to have been less than that determined by valuation, he will be required to make up the difference previously to the execution of the lease. It is to be distinctly understood that the Government reserves to itself the right of excluding from the lease of this run any land which it may be deemed proper to reserve for any of the purposes referred to in the 9th section of chap. II. of her Majesty's order in council, dated 9th March, 1847. Forms of tender can be ob- tained from this office, and also from the Crown Commissioner of the district. — Crown Lands Office, Sydney :—A block of land situated at the head of the Logan river, estimated to contain 13,410 acres. Bounded on the south by Mount Lindsay and Captain Pike's cattle station ; on the west by Mount Barney ; on the north and north east by Campbell's sheep station and run ; and on the east by broken and brushy ranges. Watered by creeks forming the Logan river by their con- fluence. About seven miles long by three miles broad.—Gov. Gazette, Jan. 30. A SINGLE YOUNG MAN LODGE.—A person who gave his name William Ware, residing in Little Bourke-street, applied to the police Bench yesterday under the following circumstances :—A short time since he had the misfortune to receive into his house a single young man lodger, who, after carrying on sundry pranks, had at last turned the complainant and his wife out of doors, and persisted in retaining possession of the house and furniture. The acting chief constable being consulted upon the subject, asked Ware how it was that he didn't turn the intruder out? to which the complainant replied that, seeing that the in- truder, whom he had always taken for " a nice yoting man,'' was several sizes larger than him- self, he deemed it rather dangerous to attempt any hostile measures, and had consequently appealed to the strong arm of the law. It was ultimately arranged that a detachment of the police should be sent to eject the intruder.—Melb. Daily News. EXPORTATION OF CAPITAL FOR THE IMPORTA TION OF LABOUR.—To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald.—Gentlemen,—The late election of a member to serve in the Legislative Council for the City of Sydney, has not passed by without exciting some interest, and as usual, on such oc- casions bubbles generally float to the surface when the inner man appears. So with the fortunate candidate, Dr. Bland, who, in the varieties of a hustings speech, gravely asserts again and again, that the exportation of capital from the colony, to pay for the introduction of labour into it, is ruin- ous to the colonists, and has brought them to the impoverished position which he asserts they are now involved in : and then further informs us, his views are making progress in the world, and that he is gaining converts to them ; but whether these views be for good or for evil, they are not within the scale of my comprehension, and there- fore await the course of events for their develop- ment. The Doctor does not condescend to tell us of what this capital consists, neither the origin of it ; it is enough that he denounces the exportation of capital for a certain purpose, and we are left to infer the rest. It is a mistake to suppose that either gold or silver is capital, or that the mines of Mexico or California produce it ; they produce what is known as precious metals, and are as much an article of exchange as pewter or brass. Our land fund is not capital, but the yearly gather- ings from the soil, and a return for the labour employed upon its surface, whether pastoral or otherwise. One man may possess more houses and lands than another, and he may have more worldly goods than his neighbour. These will greatly ease his cares of life, and enable him, if so disposed, to enter upon some great undertaking, but of what avail is his store of riches for any purpose, if he has not labour to carry his projects into execution ? What elevated those vast manu- facturing cities and towns in the mother country to the importance they now enjoy ; but the com- bined skill and labour of their inhabitants ? What though Manchester were filled with bales of cotton, Leeds filled with bales of wool, and Sheffield piled over with malleable iron,--I ask what these would avail, if that vast combination of skill and labour did not exist in such places, to turn these raw materials into useful fabrics ; and then, by a con- necting link, the commercial people disperse these manufactures to the ends of the earth, and receive in return the exchangeable commodities of other countries ? Credit is the great capital of the world—skill and labour its auxiliaries. It is mat- ter of surprise the Doctor has only discovered one ruinous source for the exportation of capital. Has it not occurred to him that we pay from two to three hundred thousand pounds annually to fo- reigners, for imported tea and sugar ; large sums of money for imported spirits, wines, tobacco &c.; ; and more than these added together for British manufactures—say, in the aggregate, from one to one million and a half of pounds sterling. The payment for those commodities would more ap- propriately come under the Eutopian charge of ex- porting capital ; but these great drains upon our resources are neutralized by the value of our pro- ductions—wool, tallow, and other articles ; and under the accommodation of the exchanges, now so universal in commercial transactions, it is matter of surprise with what facility these adven- tures are adjusted, and the little actual cash re- quired for such purposes. The money we pay to import labour is furnished from colonial resources ; and every immigrant we import soon repays in labour, the capital expended in introducing him. Labour is out sheet anchor, without it we cannot produce any changeable commodity, and therefore could not long exist as a community. I believe all the commercial transactions in the colony pass through the different Banks in Sydney in one way or another. The average statement of coin and securities held by these institutions for a con- siderable time past, is a sufficient refutation of that political fallacy—the exportation of capital ; and further shows that our general interests are in a healthy state. I have not troubled myself of late about statistics of any kind, but it is said we export annually in colonial produce about one and a half millions of pounds sterling in value—at all events our industry creates a balance of trade in our favour ; and so long as this state of things shall continue, it is folly to say we are either an im- poverished or a ruined people. I believe it will not be denied we have too many colonial eggs in one basket ; and when our great staple, from one cause or another, becomes depressed, it interferes with our concerns, and is the cause of distress for a time ; but with a large accession of labour, we can turn our attention to other products, and by subdivision ameliorate any commercial troubles that may befal us. Had we labour more abundant, there could be grown in a short time, in the northern parts of the colony, more sugar than is required for home consumption, and thus save our merchants the trouble of remitting at least one hundred and fifty thousand pounds sterling per annum to pay for an article that has now become a necessary of life amongst us. That the funds we pay for immigration may be administered to more advantage than they are, there is no doubt ; but this state of things cannot be obviated so long as they are subject to imperial rule. But I would remind the Doctor of one fact that does not appear to have presented itself to him, and that is, however undesirable it may be to export capital to pay for labour, still it is more to the advantage of colonists it should be thus expended, than to leave the distribution of so much money to the tender mercies of the Secretary of State. I may not have discussed this matter in a com- prehensive manner, but my object is to show that the importation of immigrants is as much a com- mercial transaction as is the importation of a cargo of bale goods, and I am borne out in opinion by the fact that the merchants of Sydney are import- ing Chinese subjects as an ordinary matter of business, and employers of labour finding means (shocking to contemplate) to pay for these cargoes of pagans. The Doctor does not appear to me to be sufficiently acquainted with that part of political economy—the export of capital, to be an authority upon such a subject, and until he furnishes more satisfactory arguments is support of his views, I shall consider the misapplied term—export of capital in payment of imported labour, a wise and salutary measure, and paramount to every other colonial interest. —RICHARD JONES. —Brisbane, Moreton Bay, January 12. WARIALDA.—A BLACKFELLOW CAPTURED AND SHOT.—I learn from intelligence that has just reached here that the native police, presently under the command of Lieutenant Marshall, captured, at Calandoon, McIntyre river, a blackfellow named Nobody, for whose apprehension there was a war- rant issued, as being concerned in some murder of white men some time ago. The police were put in charge of him to bring him on here, but he became refractory and attempted to make his escape, when they found it necessary to fire upon him, which put an end to his existence.—Corresp. Maitland Mercury, Feb. 6. 