t&ctimwticAl; finteiiigenre. CANONISATION OF PETER CLAVER, S.J;,' THB- INDIES OR OARTHAGKNA; IXECRKH OF' TUB BEA TIFICATION AND 'CANONISATION OF THK VKN. SKU-. VANT OF GOT), PETER Cl/AVEK, l'ROFESSED PRIEST OF THE SOCIETY OF ''JESUS. On the dubium, 'Whether after approbation of; the virtues and of two miracles,, .the -Beatification of the ven. servant of God may be safely proceeded with?' i Almighty God, who in the wisest manner, rules and governs the vicissitudes of things, hath most fittingly, by successive delays intervening in His secret counsel, reserved to the present age the. honours of beatitude in the case of His ven; ser vant, Peter Claver, professed priest of the Society ,of Jesus, and Missionary Apostolic, who departed tln'u Ufa nnaiOv two fPTit.uries since, although he was even then illustrious for his virtues and mira cles. For although the tendency of men is almost neglecting the more ancient examples, to apply their mind more easily to new ones, at this time assuredly, when so many degenerate sons of the Church, for the purpose of tearing to pieces its \- unity, of which the'v stand in awe, are attempting to withdraw, by a false opinion of their power, the ministers of Christ from the obedience of the Holy See, it was the greatest importance to propose the ven. Peter for imitation, who, belonging to an illus trious society,- and chaiged with an Apostolic office, ever paying singular honour to the Sovereign Pon tiff*-' arid, above all, reverencing his supreme power, not only brought back degenerate sons to him, but in due order, and most humbly exercising the power entrusted tb him by the' Divine Institution, even snatched from infidelity and added new children to the. Church; thus imparting to his brethren expelled, dispersed, and assailed with con tumely, new strength, wifh greater alacrity to dis charge the duties of their office. Therefore, seeing that the virtues of the vener able Peter, which formerly appeared illustrious to holy men, and were celebrated by the praises of many,. were, upon a legitimate judgment, declared to be heroic by Pope Benedict XIV., on September 24th, 1747 ; and our most holy lord, Pope Pius IX., declared, on August 27th, 1848, that Heaven had borne witness to 'them by two miracles, nothing re mained but that, according to custom, the Fathers of the Congregation of Sacred Eites should be in terrogated, whether they consider he might be safely enrolled in the list of the blessed. And when this was recently done — viz., on May 14th, in a General Assembly in the Vatican, held in presence of the Sovereign Pontiff himself — applause and acclamation followed from all who were present : — Nevertheless, the Sovereign lontitr rius willed tocteier the matter, in order that the time for his obtaining1 the Divine light by prayer might not be abridged ; yet not so as to pass over this most sweet season, which intervenes between the resurrection of our Lord and the descent of the Holy Ghost, but that at the very time when- our Saviour, discoursing with his apostles about the Kingdom of God, through them fortified, and by his exhortations informed all the future ministers of the Church healthfully to feed the flock entrusted to their care ; that at that very time, we say, the great glory that awaits those who nobly fulfil that office should be shown forth by en rolling venerable Peter among the blessed. Where fore on this clay, being Trinity Sunday, there being assembled in the Chapel of Pope Sixtus IV., at the Vatican, the- Most Reverend Cardinal Aloysius Lambvuschini, Bishop of Porto Sta., Rufina-and Civita Vecchia, Prefect of the Congregation of the Sacred Eites ; Constantine Pa trim, Bishop of Al bano, Vicar of the City of Rome, and Reporter of the Cause ; the Rev. Father Andrea-Maria Frat tini, Promoter of the Holy Faith : together with me the undersigned Secretary, after offering; unto God the Sacrifice of the New Covenant, he solemnly pronounced, ' That the beatification H)f the vener able servant of God, Peter Claver, might safely be proceeded with ;' and ordered that apostolical let ters, in the form of a brief, should be drawn up \- concerning the said beatification, to- be celebrated at fitting season in the Vatican Patiarchal Basilica. And he ordered this decree to be published and deposited in the Acts of the Congregation of Sacred Rites, on the 26th May 1850. Aloysius, Cardinal Lambruschixi, Bishop of Porto, Sta., Rufina, and Givita Vecchia, Prefect of the S.C.R, J. G. Fatati, Sec. of the S.C.R. Locus f Sigilli. 