DR. LANG. sue I COSÍ mei It might be necessary to apologise for the occu- pation of so much space with the proceedings of the gentleman named above, but that many per- sons in these districts feel considerable interest in .the same, and the subject has become one involv- ing, to a certain extent, the credit of the colony. In our last we published the Doctor's letter to the Editor of the Argus, and also the remarks of ¡that journal upon his incarceration. The other local papers did not adopt the same tone as the Argus. The Melbourne Herald called for ex- planations, and the Daily News liad the follow- ing : "It is with feelings of extreme sorrow" that we observe the Doctor has so palpably imposed lupon the "gumption" of our contemporary. The ihistory of the debt is this : When lately in Eng- land, the Doctor fell in with Mr. Wilkinson, whom Sie persuaded to visit these colonies. Mr. Wil- kinson ^ afforded the Doctor many facilities for delivering his emigration harangues, and to some -extent played Boswell to his Johnson. When Mr. Wilkinson had turned his assets into cash, the Doctor suggested that, to save the rate of ex- change, he would kindly borrow £720 from him, giving him his note of'hand, payable at sight in the colonies. Mr. Wilkinson accommodated his friend, and on arriving hero found the Doctor's note not worth a pipelighfc ! Application for payment was made to the Doctor, but he was too intently occupied with great patriotic schemes to mind such paltry affairs as his debts, and the result was his arrest and imprisonment, or, as the Argus styles it,*/' colonial gratitude." The shal- low subterfuge of shirking a private debt upon the pretence that it was spent in the public ser- vice, is too gross even for the gorge ot his most ignorant partizans. What right had Dr. Lang to obtain this money upon a worthless security, and to speculate with it for his own. advan- tage ? What had Mr. Wilkinson (who, like the rest -.of the Doctor's "superior description of emigrants," had paid a handsome price for his Tpassage) to do with the public service? And what reason or honesty is there in the reply to this demaud for the repayment of his money, that it was expended in promoting emigration ? The " ingratitude" of a man's seeking payment for a debt of £720, Í3 remarkably comical-very funny-to all but "ungrateful" Mr. Wilkinson. As to the ludicrous plea that Mr. Wilkinson was "done out of" this large sum of money for " fittings of the good ship Clifton,1' we must remark that £750 is a ., ttolerably large sum for such "fittings," and ask the Doctor what became of the surplus of the passaa-e .monies lie received irom *. tne superior description "flf emigrants," each of whom paid him £20 passage money, being £5 more than the current .cost/? If sn'P owners can realise a profit by carry- ing emigrants at £15 per head, including "fit- tings," how are we to believe that although selling passages at £5 per head more, the Doctor is yet "dipped" £750 for "fittings?" We cannot of .course say whether our contemporary speaks upon .the authority of the Doctor, but any man of com .mon sense will recognise the falsehood which such .'a pretext carries on the face of it. The Clifton 'brought 202 passengers - therefore this £750 would be at the rate of £3 5s. per head for " fit- tings" .alone ! Subsequently the Doctor published the follow- ing letter : THE MORETON BAY LAND ORDER. To the Editor of the Argus. Sib,--When the celebrated John Wesley hail some atrocious charge preferred against him in the newspaper press of -the period, and his friends assembled around him in great alarm, saj ing, "Surely you will answer this?" Mr. Wesley calmly replied, " No : when I gave my soul into tëod's keeping, I gave my character also, and I am in no way concerned about it." Now, I con- fess I have felt somewhat in the same way under the charges recently preferred against me by the Sydney Herald. With the consciousness ot .per- fect rectitude on the one hand, and with a strong feeling of disgust on the other, that my disinter- ested and self-denying services on behalf of this colony should only be meeting with so vile a .return, I have felt quite indifferent as to what ¿night be said about me in that paper, and my .resolution to offer no reply through its columns M'Encroo, the tobacconist, of Sydney, had begun ito harp upon the same chord, and to express his doubts, forsooth, about my character. Mr. M'En croe, your readers must be informed, is one of the leading Irish Roman Catholic demagogues of Sydney, a member of the holy guild of St. Joseph, and the cousin and fugleman of one of the priests. Now, what right had I, a Presbyterian minister, to expect a certificate of character, either public or private, from any such quarter ? I am not so unreasonable in my expectations. On the con- trary, I feel so perfectly indifferent as to what may be either said or written of me by Mr. M'Encroe that I should almost as soon be con- demned to smoke his vile tobncco as to read any letter of his of which I may be the subject. As I find, however, that gentlemen here whom I respect are beginning to think there must be something wrong on my part from my continued silence, I shall once for all state the whole facts of the case out of which the charge I refer to has amen, and leave those whom it concerns to judge for themselves as to whether I have deviated in any degree from the line of strict integrity. The third of the three vessels which I was instrumental, during my stay in England, in send- ing out with emigrants of a superior character to Moreton Bay, was the ship Lima, which sailed from London in the month or June last. It was my desire to procure for the emigrants by that vessel, in accordance with a general principle which I wished to establish for the future action of the company I have been labouring to form for the promotion of emigration to this territory, as well as for the great oenefit of the colony at large, a portion of land equal in each case to the Amount pajd fov their passage, the land being estimated at twenty-five shillings per acre. For example, in the case of any family numberiug five adults, and paying £100 for their passage out, it was my desire and endeavour to obtain for every such family 80 acres of land in addition, free of cost, as I had ascertained that such an arrange- ment would he quite sufficient to »ive a prodigious impulse to emigration to this territory of the very best description, and prove of incalculable benefit to the whole colony. But under the existing system and in conse- quence of the impracticable character of those obstructives the Commissioners of Land and Emi- gration, an arrangement of this kind required considerable tact and management, and the emi- grants had to be examined and approved of indi- vidually by the agent of the Commissioners, before it could be ascertained to be practicable in any instance, while in every step ot the process the most vexatious obstacles were thrown in the way. Now, if any amount of money had in the meantime been deposited in the hands of the Commissioners for the purchase of land, the rule was that a certain portion of that amount should be paid back to meet the cost of passage, accord- ing to a certain rate per head for the whole num- ber passed ; one half of such repayment to be made shortly after the sailing of the ship, and the other half on a certificate of her safe arrival at her destination being produced in*England. Now the whole of the money paid by the emi- grants per the Lima was paid exclusively for their passage, for the vessel could not be obtained on any other terms than those of immediate pay- ment. But in order to effect the arrangement I have mentioned in regard to the procuring land for these emigrants, I had, shortly before'the sail- ing of the snip, deposited in the hands of the Commissioners other funds-funds of my own to the amount of £850 for the purchase of land at Moreton Bay. And the question was, what por- tion of that amount would be paid back by the Commissioners towards the payment of the pass- age of the emigrants they might pass ; and this question could not be ascertained till after the sailing of the vessel. Now so very few of the emigrants per the Lima were actually passed by the Commissioners, so as to entitle them to both land and passage for the same money, that only £400 was to be paid back for the whole company, viz., £200 shortly after the sailing of the ship, and £200 additional in perhaps twelve months thereafter. In short, the objections which the Commissioners had to make against the most un- exceptionable families and individuals were so un- reasonable, so frivolous, so vexatious, and the difficulties of other kinds were so great, that I determined to have nothing further to lo with them in any way. The whole amount therefore of the money actually paid hythe emigrauts per the Lima, that was available for the purchase of land on their account, up to the hour I left England, was only ' £200. Other £200 would be doubtless paid in a twelvemonth thereafter ; but as the land is not obtainable on credit, but ?????? this second £200 was not available. But I had previously purchased with my own funds exclu- sively, land to the extent of £850 in value, of which amount £200 was thus repaid to me. There was, therefore, up to the hour of my leaving Eng- land, land to the extent of £650 worth at Moreton Bay, which I had purchased, and for which no consideration had been given by the emigrants, and none received by me. Had. I not, then, an undoubted right to 'avail myself of this land by making it as I did a collateral security for the time being for the payment of £578, the only portion ot the whole amount originally due for the charter of six large ships which remained unpaid on the 14th of November last, the day I left England ? Undoubtedly I had. But it is alleged that I had previously sold the land in question, and been fully paid for it, and that my procedure in the matter was precisely that of a person who fraudulently sells the second of a set of bills to one person after having sold the first for a full and adequate consideration to another. Now this is grossly false, and the false- hood is susceptible of the easiest demonstration. The emigrants per the Lima will testify to a man that the only thing they actually paid for was their passage ; in the expectation, however, of getting land in addition through my arrange- ments on their behalf with the Commissioners. Now I can show, from the Commissioners' own letter, the exact number, name, and surname, of the emigrants that were actually passed by them, and therefore entitled to land in addition to pas- sage ; and a reference to the well-known rules of the Department, which are known to every person at all interested in these matters, will prove that only £200 could have been received and applied to the purchase of land for these emigrants, up to the 14th of November last-the chain of evidence in my favour is therefore complete-there is not a link wanting. Fraud in such cases necessarily implies that an adequate consideration has been given and received ; but I defy any person to prove that there was any consideration either fiveu or received in the case, beyond the amount have stated. It is quite true that I had previously authorised Mr. Pettigrew, the surveyor, who had been ap- pointed, with the concurrence of the Commis- sioners, my agent for selecting the land, but without authority to sell or alienate it, to apportion out the whole among the emigrants, that they might go to work upon it immediately. But did this imply that the fee-simple was thereby transferred to those of them from whom no consideration had been either given or received? Certainly not. Why, not one of them can get a deed for any portion of it without my signature even yet. Did it in any way preclude me from availing myself of my own absolute right and title to more than three fourths of the land in the way of giving it pro iempore as a collateral security* for the payment of a sum of money till the completion of the arrangements which were tlien in progress for the attainment of an object of vast importance, not only to the emigrants themselves, but to the whole colony, via., the recognition of the principle that they should have both land and passage for the same money ? It was neither my desire nor intention that the emigrants should in any in- stance be disturbed in their occupation of the » The gentleman who received the collateral security, did so with the perfeot knowledge of the previous appointment oi Mr. Pettigrew, ns my sin"' ' agent in the matter. land ? having every desire and intention that I M * sufficient titles should eventually be givfen to the , whole of them, whether they had been passed by the Commissioners or not, for this was a part of the sacrifice which had to be contemplated from the first, in the formation of the Company I was labouring to establish,-and I had overcome far more formidable difficulties in the progress of the affair than this implied. But to tie up my hands from availing myself of what M'as still my own undoubted property, as a means of bringing these complicated arrangements to a successful issue, in the tace of all the difficulties that had been thrown in my way by the Home Government and its agents, would have been monstrous. The Local Government, it seems, have made a merit of protecting the emigrants per the Lima, forsooth, against the fraud 1 am alleged to have attempted in the matter of the security. But why not have sent for me to explain the whole matter at once, and to confirm that explanation, as I could have done with the utmost facility, by pro- ducing the documents to which I have referred, from the Commissioners?-Why not have done this, rather than, in entire ignorance of the real nature and character of the transaction, allow so foul a charge to be preferred against me in the Sydney Herald? But there are parties in Syd- ney, and I do not except the Government, who are willing to be satisfied with evidence of any kind to inculpate me, to find me guilty of anything disreputable or dishonourable. But I set them at defiance. ' There has even, I understand, been a threat held out in certain quarters of expelling me from the Legislative Council, if I should happen to be returned for this district, on this precious charge. There was a similar threat held out for a time in the year 1843, on the ground of my being a mi- nister of religion ¡ but during the whole of the four sessions that elapsed previous to my voyage to England in 1846, the subject was never once alluded to'. " No sooner, however, had I turned my back upon the colony, and gone to England, than the dastardly creatures brought in, and passed a bill to keep me out in future. They made it all right here, and sent it home in due course for the sign manual in England. But her Majesty, who, it seems, occasionally dips a little into colonial matters, happened to ascertain that honest men were scarce in the Legislative Council "" of New South Wales, and she was therefore natu- { froi rally enough unwilling that the door should be shut in my face in particular, so she vetoed their Bill, and it is therefore quite possible .that I may be " the surest gear in their aught" yet, and that they may all see "their old friend's ghost again," sooner than they imagine.-I am, Sir, your" most obedient servant, JOHN DUNMORE LANG. Melbourne, May 15, 1850. How far the above explanation may be satisfac- tory to the claimants of land, it is for them to say. Dr. Lang, having made ??? ???? returned to Sydney. NO LAND TO BE HAD.—We regret to find that, notwithstanding the known anxiety of many per- sons here to purchase land, none is advertised for sale in the latest Government ^Gazettes received by the Tamar, and which reach to the 23th May. Accident.—A gentleman named Lebatt, a pas- senger by the Tamar, was discharging a new gun at some sea gulls on Monday last, when the barrel exploded, and carried away the trigger guard, severely injuring the little finger and lacerating tlie palm of the left hand. Mr. Clarke, who was standing close by, seems to have narrowly escaped injury, as the barrel of the gun passed close by him, and fell overboard. The finger has been amputated by Dr. Cannan, and the wounds are doing well, We understand that Mr. Iiebatt has been appointed from the Surveyor-General's office, as surveyor in the Wide Bay and Burnett districts. Destructive Conflagration. - Intelligence has been received in town of the total destruction of the new boiling-down establishment of Mr. John Smith, at the Long-pocket, near Ipswich, on the night of Saturday last. In the absence of informa- tion from our regular correspondent, we cannot vouch for the perfect accuracy of the reports that have reached us. It is certain, however, that the accident has occurred, and it appears to have been caused by the negligence of a watchman, who had suffered some long pieces of wood, which he had placed on one of the fires, to burn down until the ignited ends communicated the fire to a post in front, and thence to the buildings. It is said that about ninety bullocks were being boiled down at the time, and were destroyed, or the produce much injured. Besides this, there was a large number of hides, &c;, and the pre- mises were entirely new. The loss is variously I r¡ estimated at from £500 to £2000, but we hope to j h leam that these estimates are exaggerated. Mr. Smith was absent in the country at the time of the accident. REV. DR. LANG.—We have much pleasure in announcing to our readers that the Rev. Dr. Lang was released from arrest yesterday evening, an amicablearrangement having been effected with his detaining creditor. Dr. Lang proceeds to Sydney by the steamer Shamrock to day, his un- expected detention hero putting it out of his power to prosecute his mission to Van Diemcn's Land at present.-Melbourne Argus, May 22. Legislative Council -His Excellency the Governor has, by a proclamation in the Gouern ment Gazette, appointed Philip Parker King, Esq., Captain in the Royal Navy, to be a member of the Legislative Council, in lieu of Edward Hamilton, Esq., resigned,and until Her Majesty's pleasure shall be known. Child Carried off by the Natives.-Intel- ligence has on two or three occasions of late been brought into Geelong, that a tribe of Abori- gines at the Fiery Creek had been seen with a white female child in their company. Several years ago, a daughter of a man named Michael Reynolds strayed away into the bush, and was never heard of again. There is now good reason to believe that the child had been found by the blacks, who, instead of delivering her up to her parents, have kept her in their custody. A reward of £20 has been offered to any person recovering the child, and bringing it into Geelong. She is about nine years of age, and has three small marks of a burn on her neck.-Geelong Intelligencer. Capture of the Three Men suspected of Murdering Ellis.-Yesterday afternoon Oxen ham, one of the police force, who had been sent in pursuit of the three men charged with the murder of Ellis on board the General Palmer, returned, having succeeded, with the assistance of the natives, in capturing them. Jones was the first one taken, about eight miles on this side of Messrs. Northwood and Tiffcn's station, on Sunday night, April 7th;'this induced Oxcnham to push on to the station of those gentlemen, which he reached at daybreak the following morning, and captured Good and a deserter of the 65th regiment in bed. Oxenharn then sent on Mournen.a native chief of some influence in that district, towards Ahuriri, where he arrived the following day (the 9 th), and apprehended M' Auslan. It appears that the three men had quarrelled, which accounts for their being taken separately. A purse and a pair of boots belonging to the deceased wore found on the prisoners. Yesterday afternoon Oxenham and his party reached the Heads and crossed Hie mouth of the harbour in the pilot's boat, and got to Wel- lington about three o'clock, when the prisoners were safely lodged in the gaol.-Spectator, 24th April. Singular accident And Escape.-On Wed- nesday morning two men, both intoxicated, were driving along Moorabool-street, when one of them, by a jolt of the vehicle, was suddenly thrown out in front-the wheel passed over his face. He was immediately picked up, apparently with life extinct, and carried into the surgery of Dr. Baylie. The body having been laid on a sofa, Dr. Baylie was about to ascertain whether life was still in it, by opening a vein, when the man slowly opened his eyes, looked about him, rubbed his head, rolled off the sofa, and requested a glass of rum to be brought him directly. The surprise of the pro- fessional gentleman and others in the room was beyond description, as several persons had been eye witnesses to the patient being thrown from a cart with great violence, and the wheel passing over his head. Instead of being laid out for the inquest, the man within a quarter of an hour after the accident was conveyed to the watchhouse, and the next morning paid five shillings as the penalty of his offence.-Geelong Advertiser. Boundary Survev.-Mr. Edward White has again started on his hazardous expedition to the Mallee scrub ; but first, we believe, to bring teams , from the New Country, to convey his supplies to the scene of operations ; no teams being procurable in Portland for the purpose.-Portland Guardian. Mvsterious Death.-The following, commu- nication has been received by the chief constable of Geelong :-"Elephant Bridge, April 27th, 1850.-Sir, I have been called to-day to examine the body of a man found in the river, about three miles below this place, and within a few hundred yards of the scene of the murder two months ago. The body has apparently been several weeks in the water, and on examination I discovered there "uun.-£iwtw.9 ef_jik».crL.»ll A...I.J-.1, tu- y-' * - head, and a pair of moleskin trousers, loose about his feet, with half-boots ; the height of the body appears rather better than five feet; the face chubby, but much decomposed, so that no one could identify the body ; the only marks are on the left forearm, a heart transfixed with two arrows, a mermaid, seven stars, half-moon, and an anchor with G H ; probably the age might be about forty. We have no magistrate here; Mr. Burke is from home, and there is no post lo Chepstow untd Wednesday. I have written to Mr. Gray, who passed this way on his road to Port Fairy, where I understood him to say he was going to reside for some time. I can learn nothing of a man answering the description of the man found ; but as I have an opportunity, I thought I had better inform you, so you can act as you think fit. Yours, &c;, J. M. Macfarlane." - Geelong intelligencer, May 3. 