THE MELBOURNE DIOCESAN SO CIET Y. Tub usual monthly meeting of this Society was held on Thursday evening, at the Tem perance Hall In Russell-street, the Right Reverend Dr. Perry In the Chair. There was a numerous and highly respectable at- tendance. The Bishop and the Rev, Mr. Strong addressed the meeting, and we give n condensed report of their speeches which we have no doubt will be read with interest. The Bishop said as on the occasion of the last meeting he bad occupied the whole of the time he would now introduce to them the Rev. Mr Stron g to open the proceedings. The Rev. Mr Strong said ; if during the first few months of his residence he saw oc casion for joy and gratification, his subse quent experience bad not afforded him less ; he found In this country a great number of Christians well affected towards and attached to the Church of England, and who prized highly her doctrines. They would hail with joy eTery engine set in mo tion for the annihilation cf their foes ; every weapon raised in defence of the bulwarks, or to fortify the battlements of their beloved Zion. They would send forth champions to the re- motest corners of the earth, giving " glory to God on high and on earth, peace and good will amongst men." The Rev. gentleman said he had been much encouraged by seeing the working of such societies as this in Eng land. In the city where he was for two years a curate, each parish hid its parochial association in connection with the society for the propagation of the gospel ; they held evening meetings which were presided over generally by the R-ctor of the parish, who laid before them missionary and other interest ing religious intelligence. The result was truly gratifying. Often when visiting from house to bouse he had been startled at the amount of koowledge he sometimes found. He recollected an instance in which he visited an old woman who had b;en long suffering, and with tears in her eyes she expressed her gratitude to the Almighty that the door of the gospel had been opened to the natives of New Zealand. Upon another occasion he en countered a person who had a son in Canada, and who was greatly rejoiced at the progress of the church and the propagation of religion there. If then such societies were not useless at home, sureiy they would not be of less benefit here, hut would be crowned with com- nlsta a .1... - _ a r test uajs ago in UQ&iag; over a budget of papers from England he saw an account of one of these parochial meetings, which he would take the liberty of reading. (The Rev. gentleman then read an account of a meetiog of a Society similar to the Mel bourne Diocesan, the benefits accruing from which were highly spoken of by the speakers.) Thus, he continued, they had the gratifica tion of feeling that though 12,000 miles distant from home they had associations nearly corresponding with those of the Mother Country, and working with them for the accomplishment of the same great objects. AVith respect to the great Missionary work upon which they were entering, he compared the world to a field, and as the ground was to the husbandmen, so was the human heart to the labours of the Missionary, There was the same relation between the untitled ground and the husbandman, as there was between the uncultivated heart and the Mis sionary; frequently when travelling in the in terior, this idea had occurred to bim. He had been struck with the remarkable scenery, the uncultivated wastes, and vast plains, and com pared them before the arrival of the white man with the heart uninfluenced by the gospil This territory before the advent of civilization was as the human heart, before the outpouring of the Holy spirit. Suppose any one some forty or fifty years ago, bad been emboldened to push his way into the interior, what would he have seen ? He would have seen a vast ex panse of uncultivated desert land, not a house to afford him welcome, not an object to break the monotony of his view, not a tree to afford him shelter against the pitiless storm; no birds of beautiful plumage threw up to heaven their morning ana evening hymns, no playful streams whimpered their small accents from the ground. Since the arrival of civilized man, signs of cultivation were visible and their utility was obvious. If they went upon the woody ranges they would still see no trace, hut of the hand of God — good fertile soil, a fair sky, a beautiful climate, these were God's gifts hut they were without benefit till civili sation had heen planted in the country. What class wa9 theie to turn these advantages to account P There were no houses, no gardens, no cultivation, " no lowing herd&c.;'' If man were seen he wa9 prowling about in the darkness of body and mind. Could any one look upon this picture and not see the almilarity between the savage and the natural condition of the human heart? The heart in that state was a mighty waste, wanting apirltual food and nourishment ; a desert overrun with thorns and briers, not only gone away from God, but gone away as far as possible ; possessed by the demon of envy hatred, malice,and all uncharitableness. If tbey might Institute this comparison, he thought they might carry the simile a little further, and look at the state of the heart after the out pouring of grace. The residents of a once barren country now saw it beautiful and luxuriant; cities, towns, and villages were springing up, abounding with a busy happy, and prosperous people | the vine was being substituted for the thistle) the rose for the bramble, and wherever they travelled the comforts, luxuries, and elegancies of life were springing up around them. Here they would see a Tillage Church, there a School, from which aroee the happy voiees of the young ; and here and there the old familar -sound of the Church bells greeted their ears, which could they speak would say this is the day the Lord hsth made, let us rejoice and be glad." Thus it was with the human heart all that was waste and profitless might be made as a temple fit for the reception of the Holy Ghost. The Rev. Gentleman continued the simile at some length, and urged bis hearrrs to remember that however barren and destitute the heart should appear, it might though as a tree dead and plucked up by the roots, still be made to bring forth fruits to the honor and glory of God, and one's own salva tion. Suppose a person bad a grant of land from the Crown, what would he do P The first thing would be to go out and take possession, then to take labourers snd to turn op the soil in order that it might bring forth the fruits for which it was adapted. Every man had a grant from the Eing of Kings, and a commission to go forth and labour iu his vineyard. Some employed themselves in schools, others pur sued their daily avocations, but tbev could work in the Lord's vineyard while working for themselves. Though they had no great means for Missionary purposes, they might assist by their prayers which would confer a benefit upon this land. The Bisho? having expressed his regret at the absence of the Rev. Mr. Newham, who was confined to his house from sickness, pro ceeded to address the meeting, which he did at great length, but as in the ease of the pre ceding speaker, we are compelled to abridge bis Lordship's observations. His Lordship said, the Rev. Mr. Strong bad drawn an in teresting comparison between an uncultivated country and the natural state of the human heart, and had spoken of the improvements effected by civilized man. But there was another change more interesting to notice, and that was the spiritual and moral improvement of the Colonists themselves. Upon a former occasion he had directed their attention to the progress of the Moravian Chnrch, and he would now occupy their time by relating the progress of their own Chnrcb in their adopted land. It was specially interesting and in- portint to observe the progress of spiritual religion and sound morals amongst the people here. The emigrants who arrived here were interrupted for a time in tbeir religious ser vices, and were deprived from participating in an pnoue means ot grace, ana ne would say this, that there were few who could bear this spiritual destitution even for a time, there were very few indeed so firmly established in the Church of Christ, as not to suffer spiritual declension and run the risk of entire apostacy from God. We had partly passed and were now passing that state. The history of colonization was one of the most painful and humiliating portions of British history. Though the colonies were growing great and powerful and poputous.scarcely any assistance was afforded from the Mother Country towards the spiritual wants of the people. This was the case with Cenada ; it was the case with America before the States were United ; it was the case with Newfoundland, and to a grrat extent it was the ease in New South Wales. But attention had been drawn to this great sin of the nation, and many thousands bad been stirred up and excited on behalf of th» spiritual destitution of the colonies, and though still a young colony there had been some, though a very inadequate provision made for the ordinances of the Gospel. He felt thankful that so many faithful ministers had been engaged in the extension of the Redeemer's Kingdom in this part of the world, and he would now tell the meeting what had been done daring the past few months and what they intended to do. He had occasion some time ago to notice the destitution that prevailed at Kilmore. Thrre was an entire want at the time of police or any other civil restraint upon evil doors ; there was no magistrate and no minister' of the Gospel, the consequence was the character of the people according to general repute was exceedingly bad. Drunkenness, Sabbath breaking, and every evil prevailed to a fearful extent. Now they had a clergyman stationed there ; the Rev. Mr. Singleton, whose account was ex ceedingly gratifying ; all the residents speak well of his labours, and he appeared to have gone to work with a hearty good will ; a large school bad also been established, in which service was held every Sabbath, and was attended by a large and orderly congre gation. Again they had been enabled to place a clergyman at Burn Bank in the neighbourhood of the Pyrennees, the Rev Mr. Cbane, a truly spiritual and devoted man. A few days ago he received a letter from this gentleman, which his lordship read to the meeting, and which contained an in teresting account of Mr Chane's reception at the different stations he visited, and the success which had attended his mission. It appears Mr Chane has to visit thirty-four stations, far too large a circuit for even a bush parish, and his lordship hoped he should be able to divide it ; of the 34 stations there was settled family prayers in only three, but they had now increased to eight, and a Sun day school had been established which was attended to by the daughter of one of the settlers. The settlers had engaged to pay the whole of the stipend of the Rev. Mr Chane so that there would be no ch&rgo; upon the English fund on hisaccouut. On a former occasion he bad mentioned the establishment of Mr, Hall, at Ballan, and he should not further advert to that gentleman. In many other places ministers were urgently wanted . at Mount Mactdon, and at the Ovens, he hoped to station ministers at the early part of next summer ; another was much required at Bacchus Marsh, and arrangements were being made to station one at the Wannon ; and His Lordship hoped to do so, in as little time as possible from AVarrnambool, also he had had many urgent applications and the residents there had contributed a con- iilavetil a mnnn f f<W (ha tllnTMrt (if ft ClPf PV man. He war sorry to state, that his friend Dr. Braim, of Belfast, had injured his htsilh by over exertions, and he apprehended would consequently be interrupted in his labours, but there was no truth in the statement in the papers, that Dr. Braim would be obliged lo leave and go to Sydney, at least, he hsd received no Intimation to that effect, and therefore inferred there was no foondation in the story. His Lorship then dwelt opoo the advantages of locating clergymen In the in terior ; they were almost invariably followed by the establisment of schools, hot this was one of the great difficulties they had to encounter in the bush. The distance between the resi dents was so great, that it was impossible to gather eh'ldren together in a day-schonl, and the only mode that suggested itself to him, and other thinking persons, was the establish ment ol boarding schools. A school of this description has been established by two Presbyterian gentlemen at Buninyong, the Messrs. Young, which had succeeded exceedingly well, not only he believed in point of numbers, but also in the education of the children. A recent communication from Dr. Braim, informed him of hie inten. tion to establish a similar school at Belfast Mr. Hall, at Ballan, and Mr. Chane, were each endeavouring to carry out the plan, and had applied for aid from the Diocesan Society, and both gentlemen epoke of ensuring the hearty co-operation of the settlers. Besides the settlement of clergy in particular districts it was also proposed that they should have itinerary clergymen and Mr. Gregory had been specially ndvaneed to this duty in the Western Port country where there was a iarge traet of count-y whieh had never been visited by a Protestant Minister. He bad received several letters slating that children were growing up unbaptised, without any knowledge cf religion, cut off from the minis try and the sacraments, but it was apprehend ed that the season of the year and the nature ot uie country wonld deter Mr. Gregory'i visit. He would now say a word to them about money matters.. They were aware be hsd drawn largely on English fnnds and he had done so in the hope by so doing to ttir up the zeal of the colonists to more liberal and cordial co-operation. He found that the per son at home who manages these affairs stated that within a very short time the Bills drawn on England amounted to £2000 aud he stated that if he (the Bishop) continued to draw in this manner he wonld have to go home and collect subscriptions through the country ; this he need hardly say was out of the ques tion. His correspondent also expressed sur prise at the small amount apparently collect- ed in the colony and although he did not concur in this observation, yet, he certainly thought more might and ought to have been and he believed would be contributed. Con tributions had been made from the Bush for the support of ministers ; subscriptions bad been received for the church at Richmond ; a school had been established in Bourke and La Trobe'strcets ; St. James' School was nearly completed and eleven gentlemen had contri buted one hundred pounds each towards the erection of the new Church of St. Paul's, the 1 subscriptions of which amounted to £1700. The inconvenience experienced from the neces sity of having boys and girls in one school had been removed by the erection of a new school opposite the Hall ; and a school was in course of erection at the corner of La Trobe and Elizabeth Streets. It was also gratifying to know that a school would shortly be finished at St. Kilda ; St. Paul's Church would be com menced ; St, James' was to be enlarged and lie hoped St. Peter's also. His Lordship then referred to the benefits confered by the ladies and gentlemen who acted as District Visitors and Sunday School Teachers and spoke of a recently formed " Young Man's Church of England S.ciety," as calculated to advance the interest of the Church. His Lordship then adverted to an evil of great magnitude, a system of hasty, and unadvised and almost ruinous marriages. He believed, he knew, that a system of marrying and deserting was carried on in this country to a frightful ex tent. It was the duty of all to caution persons from such hasty and ill-judged unions, which often led to much strife and misery. He bad received a letter from a clergyman detailing a most dis tressing case of desertion which came within his own knowledge, and there was little hope of bringing the party to justice. Another matter he would mention was, what he could not but consider to be the Incongruous union of Protestants and Roman Catholics, of Pro testant men with Raman Catholic wives, and especially with Irish Orphans, of whom they of late heard so much. It was thus that people were induced to join the Roman Catholic church, and the clergy were thus aflorded a ground for affirming that conver sions took place from conviction, whereas he did not hesitate to affirm that in no cose whatever, had any conversion taken place gXcept uuder the circumstances he had men- tioned Another evil that resulted from these marriages was this, the children were under the influence of the mothers, and consequently became educated in the Roman Catholic faith. When the man was a Roman Catholic and the wife a Protestant, the case was even worse. He knew several cases in which men so situ ated had been prevented from attending their own place of worship and enjoying the privileges of a christian. In such it was difficult to give advice, but be would say suffer rather than sin ; displease man rather than offend God. He considered it was his duty to deprecate such unions.. He would not hesitate to affirm that it was bis steadfast purpose to use all means, whether in publte or private for the conversion of Romaoists, the only doubt on his mind, b-ing as to the best'method of doing so; However, he would use persuasion only they abhorred any attempt at coercion, but the Roman Catholic Church, failing in persuasion resorted to the means he had adverted to. Respecting the witbold- ing of the Bible by the Roman Catholics from the people, ha could easily believe that in some esses this was not the ease ; he could imagine that they might ask for a Bible for the gao' but he denied that the Catholics as a body wee allowed to read the scriptures. There might in esses be authority or license or liberty given, but it was regarded as such. He could affirm ou his own experience that the) were not permitted to read the Bible He knew a case in which a man was anxious to get a Douay Bible, but he was told he had better have nothing to do with it ; that It would only lead him to think of mat ters he had better not trouble his head about. On another occasion railing at a cottage, he enquired whether tbey had a bible in the house and the answer he received was " we don't belong to the Bible Sir," and such was the supposition amongst Roman Catholic ; the? put their consciences in the keeping of others, and they had the opinion tbst in dividually they had nothing to do with the Bible, but depended upon the Interpretations of their clergy. Upon another occasion be had conversation with a party well versed in matters connected with his own church and he evidently spoke of his permission to read the Bible as a distinction not granted to all. After some further general observations, HisLordship concluded, and the meeting separated, after singing a hymn and receiving the Bene diction. ' Five new members enrolled tbeir names, and the sum of £5 6s 6d, (not £15 6s 6d, as stated in onr last) was collected. 