REMINISCENCES OF A TRAVELLER. BY WILLIAM M. LEGGETT, M. A. BRITISH AMERICA.—(continued) (For the Bathurst Free Press.) No. XII. It was just such a morning as best accords with the merry heart of a soldier, when the Train Bands assembled, in picturesque groups, in the vicinage of Smith's hotel. Each hero was dressed for the day in the most self-accommodating manner,—one in his own native homespun, another in Rus- sia-duck, another in broad-cloth, and ano- ther in ornamental rags and tatters,—some in coats, others in jackets, and others in their shirt sleeves,—altogether presenting an agreeable variety, to be surmounted with cross belts, and equipped for the field of Mars! Black hats, straw hats, fur caps, cloth caps, and leather caps, promiscuously, fell in, as the company- serjeants called their respective muster-rolls, until men of all sorts and sizes were condensed into se- veral distinct formations, the outlines of which, truly sketched, would appear to a Geometrician in the puzzling shape of very irregular figures. The gentlemen, distin- guished with commissions under the hand and seal of the Provincial Government were dressed in their ordinary Sunday-cos- tume, but belted, and sashed, and with ac- tual swords by their sides—each, in his own estimate, being, no doubt, the beau-ideal of military glory! Oceans of brandy and rum were flowing, in-doors, and out,—and fountains of wit were eloquently leaking through innumerable channels! "John Tranton!" cried a lusty little ser- geant (quite puzzled to decipher his hiero- glyphic roll)—"John Tranton!"—"Jack Tranton!"—"here you be Jack!" shouted a score of jovial voices! "Where would yer have him?" ejacula- ted a strapping big fellow, as he leaped into the ranks with a hop, skip, and a jump. "Here!" "Pierre Lorraine!" was the next called. "Ici!" briskly answered a very little meagre-looking Frenchman, gracefully ac- companying the word with a musical snap of his fingers. "Patrick Flynne!" "Be japer's finent ye's!" said a voice, "barring his heart wid de whisky!" And thus, and thus, et cætera (ad libitum) Her Majesty's bone and sinew and warlike nerve of the ****** Battalion of Westmore- land Yeomanry were mustered seriatim, and martialled—I was going to say as pins, for the Yankee artillery to bowl at when they dare!" The companies were severally marched to the field, for a general parade, and a gene- ral parade they made of it, sans doute. I have seen men of many nations display and form line, and sometimes in awkward cir- cumstances, too; but I never before stood a wondering spectator of so strange a ma- nœuvre. The ladies observed it,—the French demoiselles in particular—avec une satisfaction inexprimable! There was the gallant Major, mounted on a beautiful cart-horse, with an unhol- stered saddle (that often had gone to mill) \--his hat (decidedly a black one,) of the real six-and-eightpenny sort,—his coat (veritable scarlet) fashioned by some village deputy of the needle, with all due respect for tbe oriental custom of leaving one's limbs at ease,—his bran new blue trowsers unstrapped at the bottom (perhaps from a remarkable deficiency of longitude)—and his boots most resplendantly greased for the occasion! And then the Major wore spurs —such spurs! and gloves—such gloves! (they might have been clean white cotton in the morning!)—and his graceful black scabbard was hugged so closely to his thigh, and an old- fashioned sash was tied in such a singular knot over his belt. Bless him, the "dear old critter," how the ladies did love him! And there was the Adjutant pompously busy as if he were settling the affairs of the nations,—now running his terrified poney up the front, in dangerous proximity to hun- dreds of toes,—then dashing down the rear, to the manifest peril of as many heels,— the line swaying, through absolute terror, like a dead sea-serpent tossed by a storm! But "steady!" The gallant commander is coughing up the cobwebs and spitting out the spiders. For the love of loyalty, don't interrupt him! "Battalion will break into open column of companies, right in front!—On your left back wheel.—Quick march!" Heavens! what a clattering of guns and bayonets ensued! What a prodigious flap- ping of belts and pouches! What a wil- dering tumult of officers and men! It was a great mercy that nobody was actually killed! There were only a few men scratched in the confusion of bayonets, and in less than thirty minutes, comparative order was restored. There they stood martialled—the Flower of Westmoreland chivalry—in six beauti- fully variegated and purely original columns —some of the muskets on one shoulder— some on the other—and some on no shoul- der at all!—the "carry," the "slope," the "support," and (in one case) the "trail," most romantically illustrated. The Band now marched into the centre of the field—there was a general commotion of small swords, and the rustling of proud banner-folds indicated a forthcoming some- thing sublime. The whole force was to "march past in field-review!" I, being an enthusiast in music, stood contemplating the picturesque fountain from which it was to flow. 'Twas a pic- turesque fountain! One drum, and a soli- tary fife, borne by two very dirty amateurs, crowned with straw hats! I was startled by the voice of military command— "March!" cried the Major, drawing out the word until he slowly bent back his body into a beautiful hypothenuse for an imagi- nary perpendicular, in line with his horse's tail!" The effect was irresistible. "Rum tum tum te de dum tiddy tum," &c.;, thrilled "The British Grenadiers" from the band.—"Hurrah!" shouted various voices, and everybody was trampling on anybody's corns, in a promiscuous rush for wards! "H—a—a—a—alt!" screamed the Com- mandant, prolonging the imperative mono- syllable to the full extent of his breath. Then (turning to the band aforesaid) "What the deuce are you playing that ere quick march for? Can't you go Rule Britannia?" "Guess so," replied the musicians. "Well, then, try!" said the man of mili- tary authority—(turning to the battalion,) "In ordinary time—Forward march!" "Rum tum tiddle iddy tum te" &c.;, again set the whole in motion, eyery-one, however, keeping his own time. "Come, come!" I whispered to my medi- cal friend; "this is egregious nonsense. Let's be off!" "Off?" demanded the Doctor in irre- pressible amazement; "off, did you say? The Inspecting Field Officer and his Aide will be here presently." I heard no more; but hurried to my quarters, and buried myself in the accus- tomed folios. These General Trainings, as they are called, take place annually throughout the Provincial Battalions. The "play-soldier" business is soon dispatched, and the re- mainder of the day spent in drinking, horse- racing, wrestling, merry-making, and pu- gilism in earnest. Many a man, otherwise noted for his sobriety, is profuse in his li- bations to the jolly god on that memorable occasion. The present system is, therefore, produc- tive of much harm, and no imaginable good. In face of the foe, give me men well dis- ciplined, or not disciplined at all; for mere botch-work doesn't answer before real soldiers. No. XIII. I am one of those philosophers who deem it expedient for every true sample of human organization, to propagate the species— quite as much so as it is for a gentleman to know his own name, and trace back his origin, through a long and illustrious line of ancestry, to the bowers of Eden. I am, therefore, at all times, deeply interested in the legitimacy of ways and means, and never more so than when a medical friend is about to scintillate as a star of the first magnitude, in the matrimonial drama. The Doctor was evidently contemplating a debut, which is no joke for any man, es- pecially a wide-awake physician. He was pensive—hyper-extraordinarily pensive, with a shade of anxiety, and his sentences (disjointed by frequent prelibations of a cordial he was mixing) ran in the following rejuvenescent strain— "Fistula lachrymalis—cure postulatory— everlastingly weeping—interesting prospect! "Some pangs there are no tongue may tell That in the soul too deeply dwell; Emotions o'er some spirits steal, That lowlier minds may never feel!" "Ahem! rather rugose and pituitous;— but splendid scapula for the manufacture of knife-handles!—very!" Are you going to matriculate? I asked with assumed nonchalance. "Can't say poz!" he replied with a sud- den whirl round and jump back into the realms of common eense,—"cant say poz, observe me!—heart too petrescent!—mind too oblivious!— but (here the Doctor im- posingly flourished £ s. d. with the fore- finger of his right hand in the space be- tween us)—but the Virgula Divinitoria points, and the miner follows!" Where lies the lode? I inquired, with a yawn. Impressive were his looks as he answered (or was going to answer) "the relict of -------- The Ghost of Acetum! said I, interpos- ingly. It was an awkward interruption—a buried evil redivivus! The Doctor turned from me with a mel- ancholy sigh, took a very small quantity of asafœtida from a very large bottle, smacked his lips thrice, mechanically clasped his hands behind him, vacantly stared at the draft of a skeleton on the wall, and—there was a profound pause. At length, in a voice scarcely audible, he exclaimed, "Of all the mountainous diffi- culties of life, this, alas! is the Monte Gi- bello! Yet, despite the podagra, I must surmount it! O, my hibernal locks (he continued, grasping a silvery tuz rhetori- cally.) What warlock, animo furandi, is practising here (laying his hand upon his heart.) But necessitas est lex temporis et loci. (An interval of silence.) Should my name be destined to figure in your Ephem- eris, be merciful!—be merciful! 'To err is human, to forgive divine.' " How could I enchase such a jewel in any thing but gold? I asked, with a harmless touch of the satirical. After philosophically whistling four bars of "Too much care, &c.;," he slowly and emphatically observed, "That were cruel irony, but for the nullity of the speaker." His sensibilities were touched by my allu- sion to Mammon; his mind was agitated by conflicting emotions; his position was extremely embarrassing, and I felt for him. Doctors can form a tolerably correct no- tion of matrimony, before they are regu- larly initiated into its mysteries; but the case, in recital, was one of no ordinary mould. As Michael P. used to say, there was "a wheel within a wheel," and that wheel performing a rapid revolution! "I was musing," said my friend, "on the strange coincidences of the night we stopped at Mrs. Setum's. What can have possessed the woman to swoon, as she did, when-----but----- (aside) get thee behind me, Satan!" I at once understood his unexplained doubts, and was happy to have it in my power to obviate them. I, too, had been suspicious of the source of her widowhood, until credibly informed of her late husband's death, by accidental drowning, in the pre- sence of nine or ten witnesses. Her extra- ordinary paroxysm on the night in question, was therefore to be attributed to natural causes, perhaps superinduced by the start- ling blunder made by her gem of a Doctor. I was rewarded for my detail of facts with the history of a fortune just realised by the lady, through the sudden demise of a relative in Boston, and with a candid con- fession that the Doctor was about to con- summate the amiable, and migrate, with his bride, to the land of freedom and African slaves! We had, therefore, an amusing and pro- fitable topic for leisure discussion in our contemplated tour, and would have set forth at once, but for the appearance of a well dressed female at the door, who had obvi- ously come for consultation, "Walk in, ma'am," said the Doctor (with his wonted jeu d'esprit)—something pro- fessional on the tapis, no doubt of it; what's the matter? (carefully scrutinizing her hand.) Ah—very irritating—yes—(aside.) Gicha! by the triad of ghosts once known as Galen, Hippocrates, and Paracelsus! Itch! by all that is lovely in woman! (Again addressing her)—Excuse me, madam--no noxious quality, or effluvia, to engender infection; but communicable by contact, decidedly!-- Married, ma'am?" Now this funny little question was illu- mined by one of the blandest smiles imagin- able, with the least possible tinge of what some men would call a joke. The lady felt and acknowledged its irresistibility, with an affirmative tehehee! "Yes, certainly," con- tinued the Doctor, with a look quite pro- fessional--"very apparent--very! Husband in similar predicament, ma'am?" "No Sir," said the lady, biting off the "Sir," as a soldier would the twist from his cartridge, in the heat of action. "Ah, quite recent then," he resumed,-- "ameliorating feature--soon effectuate a remedy! We say remedy of slight com- plaints--cure is the word for chronic dis- eases, certainly! Must occupy separate sheets, however--two or three nights only-- quicquid necessitas cogit defendit. Step this way, ma'am--this way, please!" The two disappeared in an inner apart- ment, and I busied myself with a mental analysis of somebody, till their return. At length the M. D. and I were fairly en route for the dim penetralia of the forest, and in two hour's march were brought to a dead halt by a horrifying vision. An athletic Indian, with a bearskin around him, slung from his left shoulder, stood like a bronze statue of Hercules in his Nemæan robe, his arms stretched forth, and his eyes fixed in immoveable fierceness. We made many ineffectual attempts to arouse him to a sense of realities around him, and lost (?) conjecture, withdrew a few paces to (?) the result; when he suddenly started (?) posture of frightful defiance, with (?) ululation, and savage lavolts, that (?) put our mettle to the test. "Hoohoo, hoohoo, hoowarwa kehoowa!" with interludes of "Oo-oola magwotch eenum!" rang in dismal echoes through the swamp, meanwhile the apparent demoniac, with horrible grimaces, flew around, as on a pivot, faster, and faster, and faster, until with a whirl that resembled the spinning of a top, the motion gradually relaxed into a quiescent tumble. "What do you think of that?" I in- voluntarily exclaimed. "Hush!" whispered my companion,-- for the love of Heaven, hush!" every corpuscle of my frame is ominously creeping; my essential self would evapo- rate, were it not intransmutable! "I fear it bodes no good;" was re- marked in an under tone. We were interrupted by the Indian's resumption of the use of his limbs, and the re- erection of his form into a gigantic celsitude. "Me see 'um!" uttered a sepulchral voice--"Sartain true see 'um!" "What? what?" we inquired with eager curiosity. "See 'um, Pierre Xavier! all same devil; black head shake 'um plenty!" "Who is Pierre Xavier?" we asked, together, approaching. "Dead fifty moon; too much kill 'um head, me; sartin true kill 'um!" With these self-criminating words, he leaped an old log, uttered a diabolic yell, and dashed away like a hunted bear, to the mountains. * * * * * * How do you account for this strange illusion? I asked, but there was no im- mediate reply. My friend's optics were steadily contemplating a semicircular spot of ground a few feet in diameter, and I solemnly awaited his delivery of the fol- lowing LECTURE ON GHOSTS! Ignorance and superstitution now bear the ascendant, and, therefore, the majority of mankind believe in supernatural appear- ances! I cannot subscribe to the popular cre- dence, and my reasons are cogent. What is the absence of light, but dark- ness? and what is the absence of matter, but nonentity? Philosophy teaches that matter is "solid, hard, massy, impenetrable, divisible, moveable, and passive substance; the first principle of natural things, from the various arrangements and combinations of whose particles arise the different bodies that appear in the universe." Matter is material; nothing is immate- rial. Material and immaterial are diame- trical opposites; the same as life and death are. That which is material, is something; that which is immaterial, is nothing. Man is material; his organs of thought are ma- terial; his medium of vision is material; his visual objects are material. To see that which is immaterial is to see absolutely nothing. Is a ghost material, that is something? or is it immaterial, that is nothing? If material, it comes within the sphere of on- tology, and is subject to physical and or- ganic laws. If subjected to physical and organic laws, its obtrusion on another man's (?) fortified privacy, despite bolts and bars, and then vanishing, presto, (apart from the chimney) is—ad referendum. When a good man, and sane, affirms that he has seen the ghosts of the dead walking, I believe him to be both sincere and mis- taken. He has either been labouring un- der disease of the biliary organs and decei- ved himself, or been duped by the artifice of others. Too impetuous a motion of the blood may so alter the secretion of the brain as to utterly confuse the whole nervous sys- tem. Reaction, after over stimulus, pro- duces delirium. And so on, and so on. Tell me you have heard sounds as mys- terious as you please; for the science of Acoustics, in its ramification, is traceable: \--but don't say that you have seen, or can see aught immaterial; if you would not be thought either knave, fool, or madman. You have witnessed a savage paroxysm, \--by his own confession the subject was a murderer, guilt peopled his foul imagination with horrors--catalepsis (?) when reason revived (?) firmed (?) ghost (?) dark (?) The (?) 