f ;' j : -BROTHER THOMAS AND THE ' . ' AQAPEMONE. ><..«); .( i'- ( Times ,) As to Ihe general tenour of Vice- Chan- >'»> cellor Knight Bruce'e decree in the "Acapemone" ease, there could be no douot— it was clearly out of the ques- tion that such a person as Brother Thomas could present himself before any English tribunal and claim the 'guardianship of an English child. The only hesitation possible was as to the grounds upon which the Vice-Chancel- ;ili lorwonld base his judgment— we should perhaps rather say as to the tone which might pervade it. On examining the 1 . 1 decree we perceive that the learned ,, Judge adopted the simplest and most " -h effective plan — he read out, in cxtenso , and in open court > the principal affidavits in the case, and very properly cocluded that Brother Thomas had put himself " but of the position in which he could .. . , claim from the Court the enforcement ' of his paternal rights. We think we i.iiw can trace in the brief comments upon the affidavits interspersed throughout the decree just that feeling which must be common to all rational persons who ,y . ,read the report of this case — a sense of : the ludicrous struggling for expression, and yet repressed before it is expressed ; and a still deeper indignation at the ' blasphemy and folly of the principal t , aotors in this extraordinary story. Therein lies the difficulty even of com- menting upon the decree — it is hard to suppress a smile at the religious gam. bades of this new coterie of fools o- ;-s fanatics I but yot tho subject of their illusion is so nwful that the levity o' i" ' the moment is quickly succeeded by a more serious and a more appropriate feeling of disgust. The Reverend Henry J. Prince, the " Servant of the Lord," as he is styled, is the ohief Hierophant of these now Agapemone mysteries. In the case ol this individual it would bo a false analy. 4 ;; ills of the human mind to declare that sheer rascality and imposture are at the . bottom of his proceedings. It must be eonfessed that tho facts of the case are Keen strongly persuasive to such a conclusion when we hear of the creature-comforts which Mr Prince has procured himself on his poor £400 per annum — coaches and four, expensive saddle-horses, n luxurious establishment in a beautiful country, unbounded power over the minds and purses of his idiot dupes, j r t , and other incidents of the like nature. Despite of all this, it would he erro- neous to suppose that the duper is not himself to a certain degree his own dupe. We are confirmed in his belief by the perusal of a short pamphlet ' written by " Arthur Augustus Rees," minister of the Free Chapel, Sunder land, with a copy of which the author has favoured us. This gentleman was, r it appears, for seven years, 1836-43, " the bosom friend of tke " Servant of the Lord," from the time he entered, as a student, St. David's College, Lam- peter. During a portion of this period <s' n il he' describes his life to have been most ni.:.' exemplary. "The forenoon was given L ;.ii .to study, and the rest of the day to prayer, the Bible, and meditation." .- The , life end writings of " Gerherd Tersteegen" fell into his hands, and soon a change was perceived in him He became more desirous to perform : > . ;the Divine will, even in the minutest affairs of life. At length he determined ' not to say or do anything without some 1 intimation from above. "For ex- ample," writes Mr Rees, "if Mr P. were about to take a walk, and then- were every appearance of rain, lie would not carry out his umbrella without first seeking the Divine will." He soon " abandoned his own judgment altogether, and from believing that he ought to .renounce it, he came at last to believe '- that he might act contrary to it. We s .feel almost as though we should crave '"" pardon of our readere for following out further the delusions of this wretched man ; we do so in the hope that others . .may be deterred in time Irom following in the steps of the miserable dupes in the Agapemone. Impossible as it may appear, there have been found mm and women of mature years who have it,.'; -been deluded by this fanatic, and why . should not others be duped in the same ' : manner, if the real character of this sect is, to be slurred over by ex parte state- ' 'menits in affidavits 1 We will therefore copy verbatim the two sentences from Mr Rees' pamphlet which show the progress made by the " Servant of the Lord" between the yea-s 1837-43, n:; . and the point he finally reached. " Havingpursued thecourseabovenamed .-V \; Jof several years, lie was now in. duced to believe that he was under com plete and conscious subjection to the , Holy Ghost within him, and that he said or did nothing without His im mediate direction. The stage ' : before was that the Holy Ghost had v i" : absolute dominion over his soul; the „ »tage now was, that the Blessed Spirit "" was personally unite! to him -, or, to p.. use his own words, that he was the , Holy Ghost personified." Such, then, ii and so blasphemous, are the pretensions j. of the head of this new school of re. i- ' ligious fanatics. It is clear that when he has been so successful in his prose- lyusm uie auojeci is not one winch can be dismissed merely as an apt theme for an idle jest; Brother Thomas, the father of tho child whose future welfare was con cerned in the result of the Vice Chan- ( cellor's decree, was one of the co-dupers, y or' co-dupes, of this funatic impostor. " Mr Prince had gained so great and an unhappy an influence over the mind of a Miss Agnes Nottidge, a young lady of h considerable fortune, that she was de. I ludeJ into a marriage with this Brother Thomas, a man without a sixpence in the world but what he could make out of bis religious pretensions. He seems to have been a happy mixture of the ' Irish fortune-hunter with Mr Dickens's " Brother Tadger," Whatever hesita tion wo may feel as to the extent of Mr Prince'B delusion, there can be no groat \- difficulty in finding an appropriate name fo» Brother Thotnaai Miss Nottidge had asked this penniless, religions ad venturer to make a setttlement of her money upon herself. He wrote in answer from Brighton, as follows : — " My beloved Agnes, — I must write to you just what tho Spirit leads mo to do; this I do with the more confidence because I believe you have an ear to hear what tho Lord may say unto you through him that lovoth you. 1'ou mentioned your desire to have a settle ment of your property upon yourself : this I assured you ipould he very agreeable to my feelings, and is so still ; but last even- iug, waiting on Qod, this matter quite un expectedly was brought before me. I had entirely put it away from my thoughts, having it to take its cuurse as you might be led to act; Jut Qod will not have it so ; He shows mo that the principle is entirely contrary to God's word, and altogether at variance with that confidence which is to exist b. tween us, who are one spirit. This desire on your p ut must be abandoned ; give it up to God, and show that you can trust His faithfulness, and I can assure you tho confidence you repose in Him will not be disappointed. I know God, and I know that none who trust in Him shall ever, can ever, he confounded. He that hath an oarto hear, let him hear. As regards the promise you mado your parents, I would merely say that any promise mode whon you were unconverted, and which was not in ac cordance with tho word of God, you are not bound, neiihcr would it be right in you, to adhere to. I must bid you farewell, and b-'lieve mo to abide in much love, yours affec tionately in the everlasting covenant, " Brother THOMAS. " The testimony of Jesus will be pro claimed in adullum on Sunday ; Louisa and Cornelia arc in a much more happy slate. God is showing His faithfulness to them." The marriage unfortunately took place in July, 1845, and on the 7th of February of the next year .Mrs. Thomas, at Weymouth, received tho following letter from her precious husband, then at Bridgowater " Satutday Night, Bridgewater. " My best beloved— I herewith enclose you a small portion ; eat, drink, yen drink abundantly, and let your soul delight in fatness : let the will of God be your home and resting-place. Out of His will there can be no happiness; but in His will there is life, and joy, and peace. The servant of the Lord told me that you would not be in your present state unless you had rebelled months ago, and thus you will suffer for it in not being able to go about with me as you otherwise would ; but when I see you 1 will tell you all about it, for the present abide quietly where you nre. and go on us if 1 were with you I have seen all the articles you have sent in my portmanteau I found much pleasure in looking at all the little things you had packed up. I do love you more than I can tell ; we are parted outwardly, but we shall meet the closer as the consequence we are separated now ; but we are not severed ; we see each other not, but yet we are one. For the present farewell. Let Harriet and Clara have as much love from me as I can offer, after what I give you. I abide, dearest, the same, your unchang ing and affectionate " Brother Thomas." The manner in which poor Mrs. Thomas had " rebelled" consisted in the fact that she was then five months gone in her pregnancy, and this, for some reason or other, was displeasing to Mr. Prince. From the beginning ol February, 1846, until the present lime Brother and Mrs Thomas have remained entirely separated. One only chiid was the frttit of their ill-starred marriage, and in the fate of his offspring the father never interested himself until the present moment. His object in his ap peal to the Court was to recover the guardianship of the child, now four years of age, and to transfer it to the Agapemone, to be there brought up under the spiritual direction of the Rev. H. J. Prince, the ' Servant of the Lord." To such a cooclurion as this Vice- Chancellor Btuce has very properly op posed himself, and has determined that the custody of the child shall remain with the mother and the maternal grand mother. As far as these persons are concerned, the case may he taken as terminated ; we wish that we could an. nounce in tile same sentence the entire downfall of the den of religious impos ture on which the name of Agapemone has baen bestowed. We must console ourselves with the expectation that its duration will be brief. There is no muscle or energy about the system. It is just a comfortable west-end club, in which all rational candidates are black balled ; as soon as the purses or the zeal of the subscribers arc exhausted the institution must become bankrupt. The Agapemonians are an expensive sect. There is not a belief that appeals to the sympathies of the poor, and no belief ever yet struck deep root that did not mainly recruit its ranks from the indigent and suffering millions. The heresy of the Agapemontans is a four, in-hand heresy. Every proselyte is ex- pected to come down with a handsome subscription, and, like the pupils at fashionable hoarding schools, to bring six 8'lver forks and an ample supply of tine linen; 