dermot's return. For this simple and unaffected story, we are In debted to Mr C. S. Lancaster, who has several others of a similar kind in La Follet, an excellent and taste ful Book of Fashion. " Mother darlin', don't be firettin*; Harder 'tis to fale than spake: Don't be thinkin' I'm regrettin' Lavin' Dermot for your sake. Ye say, sometimes, my cheek is alterin*; Time has done that same by you z Ye tell me how my voice is falterin' ; Sure it's time that's done that too. Don't ycz harbour thoughts of sorrow : Though we see the clouds to-day. Let us hope and trust, to-morrow, We shall have a brighter ray. " Come what may, I'll not be shrinkin'. If I'm doom'd this world to lave. Small's the blame to you, I'm thinkin'. If I press an early grave. Thruth before the world I spake it— Since my life I owe to you, Surely ye've the right to take it: Mother, darlin' it's yer due. Now don't yez harbour thoughts of sorrow; Though we see the clouds to-day, Let us hope and trust, to-morrow. We shall see a brighter ray. " If he loves me, mother jewel, He'll be comin' for my sake ; Sure, he'll never be so cruel Faithful Shelah to forsake ' Should the thoughts of him be changta* Better that we're far apart; Better no more words exchangin'; Better—better—break my heart! But don't yez harbour thoughts of sorrow j Though we see the clouds to-day, Let us hope and trust, to-morrow, We shall have a brighter ray. " What's that footstep, mother, darlin'? Whist! It holds me like a post 1" " Shelah" Och! now mother, darlin'. Sure I'm hearin' Dermot's ghost I" " Shelah, cuishla, don't be grievin'— It's the praste ean make a cure; It's no ghost that ye's deceivin': Seein' is bdimiri, sure ! Silent here it's me been kapin', Listenin' behind the door: Surely nivir boy for papin' Half so well was paid before." " Will yez no more be forsakin'? Will yez thry for fortune here ? That's enough—my breath ye're takin'! Dermot—kiss the mother dear. Joy's sthrong for me. don't be mindin' If my tears are runnin' fast; You will soon be afther findin' They wash away the grief that's past. Tell me, Dermot, how ye're savin' Money, sure, to bring yez home? Are ye well, now, since the lavin'? What, at all, has made ye come?" " Thrue for you—not many a shillin' Have I brought to Erin's shore ; But I've brought the boy that's willin', Shelah dear, to work for more. 'Twas the words of ye that taught mo Not to foolishly complain ; 'Twas the words of ye that brought mo To ould Ireland back again. Quick I stamed across the water, Tearin' homeward for dear life : Don't I know, the lovin' daughter Makes the good and lovin' wife I " Thinking', Shelah, 'twould be better Not to take ye by surprise, I wrote to tell yez. Here's the letter, Plain and fair, widout disguise. Fearin' that the little wafer Might get broke by some quare elf, I thought,.dear Shelah, 'twould be better, If I gave it yez myself. So good-bye to thoughts of sorrow; All the clouds have passed to-day ; Let us hope and trust to-morrow We shall have a brighter ray." Marriage.—Washington Irving, was once con gratulating a friend who had around bim a bloom ing family knit together in the strongest affection. "I can wish yon no better off," said-he, with en thusiasm, " than to have a wife and children." If you are prosperous, there they are to share yoir prosperity; if otherwise, there they are to comfort you; and, indeed, I have observed that a married man falling into misfortune, is more apt to retrieve his situation in the world than a single one, partly because he is more stimulated to exertion by the necessities of the helpless and beloved beings who depend upon him for assistance, but chiefly because his spirits are soothed and relieved by domestic endearments, and his self-respect kept alive by finding tho' all abroad is darkness and humiliation, yet there is still a little world of love at home, to which he is the monarch. Whereas a single man is apt to run to waste and self-neglect, to fancy himself lonely and abandoned, and his heart to fall to ruin, like some deserted mansion for want of an inhabitant. Taste.—A cultivated taste increases sensibility to all the tender and amiable passions, while it tends to weaken the more violent and fierce emo tions. The elevated sentiments and glorions ex amples, which poetry, eloquence, and history, pre sent to view, naturally tend to excite a spirit of patriotism and independence; a love of glory, a contempt of external fortnne, and an admiration pf whatever is truly illustrious and great. The most important lesson of life is to know how to be happy within ourselves. When home is our content, and all in it, even the dog and cat share our affection. Do not refine away hap piness, by thinking that that which is good may be better. Everything useful or necessary is cheapest. Walking is the most wholesome exer cise ; water the best drink; and plain food die most nourishing and healthy diet. Even in know ledge, the most useful is the easiest acquired. The Dublin Evening Post reports that that many of the country shopkeepers had latterly been increasing their orders ; and that, in several disticts, even in the south and west, there was a manifest improve* ment in the appearance and clothing of the peasantry. 