IRELAND. On the occasion of the QueenVrecent visit to Ireland, her Majesty handed the sum of £1000 to the Lord- Lieutenant, to be disbursed by bis Excellency in aid of the charitable iustitutions in and about Dublin. At Cork and Queenstown sums to the amount of £300 were left by the Queen. Previous to leaving Ireland her Majesty ordered, for the special use of the Prince of Wales, a lot of the elementary book's in use at the national schools of Ireland. The Queen's visit was to be commemorated by a brevet promotion, and a distinguished honour was to be conferred on Rear-Admiral Maniey Dixon, com mander of the naval forces on ttie coast of Ireland. A Dublin paper has the following well-deserved notice of Prince George, in speaking of the late Phoenix Park Races ; — 4 One of the least pretending persons in the throng of officers was Prince George of Cambridge, with his quiet well-bred air, conversing good-humouredly with his brother officers, amongst whom, judging by their deportment towards him, he appears to be a decided favorite. He took a strong interest in the racing, but we did not observe him betting. His conduct in Dublin is distinguished by absence of all idle parading, and a more manly or soldier like form was not amongst the entire throng of officers.' There had been a very heavy thunder storm in Dublin. Two persons were struck by the electric fluid, one lost his sight, and the other his life. At a meeting held at Cavan, on the subject of emi gration from Ireland to Australia, Mr. Logan, who had been fourteen years in the Australian, Colonies, addressd the meeting, descanting largely on the advantages which it held out. A local committee to carry out the inten tion of the Australian Emigration Society was framed. State of the Country. — Some weeks ago the number receiving relief in the Kilkenny workhouse amounted to nearly 4000 ; on Saturday last they had diminished to 1000. On Monday last 200 persons were struck off the out-door list of the same union, and of these only three availed themselves of the right of enter ing the workhouse. In Ballina union there are still up wards of 24,000 persons receiving out-door reliefj but it is expected these will be reduced one half by the end of the present week. Nearly 5000 persons were struck off the lists of the Castlebar union during the week ending Saturday last. — Globe , Sept, 6. The Potato Crop.— Most afflicting accounts reach us from all parts of the country with regard to the con dition and prospects of the potato crop, it will be seen that the accounts from the local journals vary very con siderably ; each writer on the subject probably judging and expressing his opinion accordingly, from the ap pearance of some field which he had personally examined. I'he preponderance of opinion as to the potatoes appears in favour of, at least, an ample crop. Prospects for the Future. — A Rev. correspondent from Mayo says — " You will be glad to bear that the potatoes were never better, notwithstanding the blighted appearance on the leaves of the stalks. The roots will, I hope, escape. They are now so ripe and strohg that they are not as susceptible as if the blight had set in a month since. At ail events, we are better off than we were — the health of all the people was never better." Donnybrook Fair, — Yesterday was what is termed the 41 walking" (jaunting would be a pharse more ger mane) Sunday, previous to the far-famed fair of Donny brook, but the 44 green" bore no more resemblance to the green of the bye-gone times, than does Nelson's Pillar to a China tea-cup 1 Many circumstances have contri buted to the change, and persons who recollect Donny brook some twenty years back, could not now recog nise the ghost of former years' fairs. There are a good many tents being erected, but they are of an inferior class compared with those of past times. The shows, too, are of a meagre description, and altogether the ap pearance of the place betokens the wretchedness of the times. Still large numbers of the citizens visited 44 de brook," but there was a total lack of the bustle and activity which used whilome to prevail. This is the charter fair day, but all things considered, the prospect is not very promising.— Freeman, Effects of Cholera on Trade.— Since the awful visitation of the Asiatic cholera had appeared in England and Ireland this year, the caution in the use of certain descriptions of food by the public generally has seriously injured large classes of people, who heretofore derived considerable profit by tbe sale of fish and vegetables. For past years the export of salmon to England was a trade of vast importance, the demand in that country being so large, tne market so certain, and tbe price so remunerative, that salmou at the table of tbe middle class was a luxury, even in the localities where caught in most abundance. However, at present, and for some months past, tbe demand for this fish in the London market has become so depressed that it is not exported to any amount, and even where taken from its element, fear prevents its general use as food. But the value of salmon has not alone been deteriorated, for the use of all otbei fish has considerably declioed, and particularly those of the lobster tribe. The market gardeners and vegetable vendors have also been aerious sufferers by tbe visitation, tor avoidance of tbe use of vegetables having become ail but general, the consequence to these indus- trious elasses must beeertain.- r -Cork Examiner. 