Domestic Intelligence. APPOINTMENTS.—His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint Mr. James Chambers, to be Chief Constable at Wagga Wagga. Also, Mr John Moore, to be Chief Constable at Balranald. Both beyond the boundaries. GOULBURN CIRCUIT COURT.—A Circuit Court will be holden at Goulburn, on Monday, the fifth day of August next, before Mr. Justice Therry, when all witnesses, prosecutors, jurors, and others, are requested to give their attendance at ten o'clock in the forenoon. The civil business will be taken on Saturday, the 10th August. POLICE.—His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint Mr. Hugh O'Neill, to be Chief Constable at Tumut. THE ODD-FELLOWS.—On Monday next, the bre- thren of the Loyal Strangers' Lodge of the Man- chester Unity will sup together at their Lodge Room, Commercial Hotel, to celebrate the assign- ment to them of a dispensation. It is expected that several visiting brethren and their friends will attend. PETTY LARCENY.—Last week we mentioned that while Mr. McKean and family were at tea in the back parlour, which looks into the shop, a clever rascal walked in unobserved and carried off a youth's surtout. It was not until next day that Mr. McKean discovered that his loss was more extensive, for on going to a shelf to cut out the makings of a coat from a piece of blue beaver, he found that that also had walked. There is no doubt that both articles were taken by the same person. The police having been communicated with, suspicion rested on a par- ticular individual, who was about to start down the country by the omnibus on the following morning : a search warrant having been procured, Mr. M'Alister and a constable stationed themselves on the Big Hill, and as soon as the vehicle came up, the sus- pected party was told to dismount and submit to a search : nothing however was found on his person or in the carriage to lead to the supposition that he was the thief. THE RAILWAY COMPANY.—It has been stated, but we will not guarantee the authority, although our information comes through a highly respectable channel, that the Executive have informed the Directors of the Railway that unless active opera- tions are commenced forthwith in laying down the line, that Government will be compelled to step in, and carry on the work itself. We give this piece of intelligence as it has reached us, without note or comment. ACCIDENT.—On Wednesday evening as Mr. Gerard was returning in his gig from the inquest at Ar- thursleigh, he met with an accident which might have proved very serious. It appears that on cross- ing the Wollondilly by a very sideling-road, the upper wheel of the vehicle was injudiciously allowed to pass over one of those tussacks [sic] of grass which fringe that river. The consequence was, the gig entirely lost its balance and turned completely over. We are happy in being able to state that neither the Doctor nor his man (who was driving at the time) was injured. INQUEST.—A Coroner's enquiry was held at Ar- thursleigh, on Wednesday last, before R. Waugh, Esq., on view of the body of one William Carney, in the employ of Alderman Broughton. It appeared that the deceased died on the previous evening from bursting of a blood-vessel. A verdict of died from natural causes was returned. Carney was the last witness examined on the inquest held on the late Mr. Wallace. GOULBURN HOSPITAL.—Mr. Bulmer's tender for the erection of a kitchen at the rear of the New Hospital Building has been accepted. SICKNESS.—There has been a great deal of sick- ness amongst the inhabitants during the last fort- night. The prevailing complaint is influenza, and in some cases it has appeared in a very violent form, leaving the patient in a fearfully debilitated state. ATTEMPT AT MURDER.—The woman who is at present confined in Goulburn Gaol, awaiting her trial at the next Circuit Court, for firing at her husband with intent to murder him, will we fear be discharged without her case being investigated, for it appears that the husband and another principal witness (a male) have absconded and are nowhere to be found. In England, every man's hand is against a criminal, and there is little chance of his escaping detection ; there is no difficulty in procuring the necessary evidence for conviction ; but in this colony when a crime is committed there appear to be a hundred ready to cloak the malefactor. The party most injured down to the most insignificant of the witnesses do all in their power to relieve their " unfortunate friend from his difficulties." MECHANIC'S INSTITUTE.—Several times has the formation of a Mechanic's institute been proposed and advocated in this journal, but we regret to state, with indifferent success. The veil of apathy hangs over that as well as over every undertaking that is suggested for the well-being of the inhabitants of the town. We cannot imagine a richer source of intellectual amusement than institutions of this kind are likely to afford; and the difficulties in the way of their formation are more visionary than real. A room to be set apart for the delivery of Lectures on popular science, a library of works on history, philosophy, and science, and classes for teaching the refining branches of the arts, are to be attained at no great sacrifice of money ; and we are confident that were such an institution once started, several donations of books would immediately be made. THEATRICALS.—Our little Theatre opened for the first time this season on Wednesday evening last, with the drama of the Farmer's Story, and the afterpiece of My Husband's Ghost. The house was well filled, and the characters tolerably sustained. Two young ladies made their first appearance, which added very materially to the attraction of the even- ing, and who gained great applause. >>WE are requested to draw the attention of intending purchasers to Mr. Dignam's sale of supe- rior household furniture, and various other property, belonging to Mr. Stuckey, at Long Reach, and which sale will take place on Thursday next, August 1st., commencing exactly at 11 o'clock. 