THE MYSTERIES OF MESMERISM. A PAMPHLET "by a Lady," addressed evidently by her own hand, to "the editor of the Argus, with the compliments of the Authoress", would, apart from its merits, appeal strongly to our gallantry ; but the little present before us, from its unpretending modesty, has higher claims to a favorable consideration. We shall not endeavour turn in c out 'of his that the urn r is not what slit prefer 'it to be, for if otherwise, time is a («iiiiphmcnt to the HI (sureties in the bearings edifice which is their name, as a i insinuating patrolling the to the public, and the writer has not your heart due to tin shares 1er 'I he 1 alias nothing in its thing not a wild enters its inaugural Hirer of fancies, but a It is reasoner on fails, to drag her to the of oiiii'iiMuii that time at sea The incident has i kept. in runs dear Mind through the whole plain of the twin rear world has ginning with the inner 1 kingdom but in man is that in «oiisiiptiiiio of right and as Mr Simons the tah s with which mr mining district is now be, woman East much of the It i ming of one fort- failed me, and of the traditionary hue imported by the Daily Pim mci fit or Roman miners " A difficulty lousiijucntb an is in deciding what, pain he!, williams! easily in nine and a tain the chair and, but she i His the well-known ix- A in runs it li which a Mill bad runs in polarised , without the use of a large t, by sinking it a fill sharp blows with a hammer, and this sum in his "mi sun rising non to the highest I state of alarm him I am saying it do she id li on this is that if the magic of Hilltown, the a thought will nliK 1) man is appointed, can be impartial I lit him to put it, to all ships induce the in at intensities of (ald s union, study no other pin lion at this world i, mr e c in 12 in pipe ' turn the same power In support of this post. he i m h In the following incidents - ] M. and 11 allen I the K performed in Paris, met! with Mr Mum in was us 1 BJ a we do no right to sell the ihrohhiiiLs el j me, the liij'h-wiought tt i net at of the pills nt um he natural, that it was found in dispute to allow the water filling a e out any instrument used in the suit. in, time all the appliances is presented in the ntl. Plants H tlilsptiiutltlou In his gin It is that) it was. an comes in, at firm-, late lily prejudical to tin I am in It is the line, not son in ethiiutriic tin until i Id say I I III lo in the soul, and that it is I must imperatively m i Mary To who has in mind MUIR in avis The ginning mill Mr comes into his den with vanilla old again!, on- its visit nut nip p m to manners military e Winn' play on in the hands of those, who, by long 6 x 111 um i II in his pony r tin i y ? MISS, it into hay thing I- us turning point to him In ascend hills. What ( iiriiitliinuu mr doubted it I t 11 by I iiiciitxiriui Third it asserted by lined i here till iliinaniU tin is narrate, that lin v am impelled to rise full endure to us The Hun per ton The s experiment is fit in his final lit startling gold, and mind n y mug depict I us but obliged to ii Mulpinji his time he is timing to the willum! minds of some painful and 11 lit, itself ting theM likely, that a Hun in his-. In it UM d to (Minna line but that include a capital will furs it possible that a i II all-in war is 11 the truth and he had. it in his di time (is, their aim that then are many things I. I killed' him, met him he during his li is, still Ullin ii, I t- 'm 3 min i p need to lines . "'him My son n s of Mt Emu um, or Magic min Inllmnu', us sixth match in the immoral and / animal kingdoms, tim Input and explained by 6 to ear, ite By a bath I tigate so singular a phenomenon. Recent cx per describes proved that there is a powerful nt truction between a person highly mesmerised and that brilliantly pure metal, gold. Dr. Elliotson relates that the near approach of gold causes agony similar to intense burning in many individuals, whilst in others it affords pleasurable sensations and in some instances the Clairvoyant apparently sees reflected in the shining sovereign the floating visions of her own mind. Visitors can be mesmerised so as to induce sleep, and the " true history of love potions, pictures, magic rubies, do " is traceable to the mysteries of mesmerism. An American, who must have made great progress in chemical science, declared that he had manufactured a poison of such particular properties, that by swal- lowing it himself he could kill anybody he pleased and this seems hardly more extraordinary than the assertion that a person drinking mesmerised water is at once a partaker of the sentiments infused by the mesmerised into nature's purest beverage" If this be true, it occurs to us that a mcsmcriscd-wutcr business would be a very lucrative calling. Imagine a retail shop, at which a man could adjust his nature to the pursuit of the hour. If too vivacious, a glass of Colin Campbell would be just the apple. if inclined to choose, " the smallest drop in life of the Gazette water would be sufficient. Our deficient friend could keep " brains" in a barrel, and draw them off at convenience. What would be the value of a bottle of Shakespeare," supposing that all the " sentiments " of Shakespeare could be got into a bottle? There is no telling what the world may come to if this pleasant idea be carried out. Think of the compounds of different sentiments and names ; how avaricious and peevish old men may comfort themselves with a draught of common charity and contentment at the cost of a few passes of the hand from some humble laborer and how ambitious young men can be fired with patriotism, by tasking the ' warranted genuine fair di I am time An his oration of water strongly impregnated with insect third H that I would at this instant, set the city of kidney inflames There is no non Elise in the e reflects as ; Benjamin Franklin you know, bottled a flash of lightning A e want n Airs Ghss, though, to tell us whether the stuff will /<«/) Another difficulty is that it require s faith to ensure the benefits of the diarmid motion but, understanding something of popular that, we have a strong notion that a good trade might be done, is in the first in stance, assures ful attempts were made to mesmerise beer We shall certainly think over the matter again, and in the meantime leave the render to rest upon the following - It his been embodied in a work recently written on Mr sun rise, that in ease s where it became necessary to use magnetic influence during the night to induce sleep, a ghost mis .? ' « ' water has been found to answer every purse c Many have openly scoffed at this but let them remember that it is no new power Pos cable therendersof legendary lore can recollect many will authenticated stories of love potions and' pictures which hour failed, provided the giver Irtl full faith in the- efficacy 'Place, though now in disuse from our modern ignorance were well understood by the ancients, and whilst the 1 astern I urge, with all the symbols of the so called Necromancer placed in the hands of the to call up under a portion i lies he told ben did not fill to recall her recreant swain he knew ful! i eli that the vial contained nothing but same of water over which the bill thrown the Miong pon i r of a sincere sympathy, with that I tin- , onion press and with still could not fail of producing for a time the necessary influence It is therefore true that water can be mesmerised, and that the person for whom it is intended I . J anyone busmen cr into nature so great event The inland ice of magnetism our the animal kingdom forms the second illusion of the silent Tile a rib ire s ii irs forcibly to the triumphs of Nun Vanburgh over the brute creation as an ci desire of the power of human magnetism and pi ing fire I again 1 to the In this world finds ' the Hind to strtKiit offering a yarding the same power to bring into subjects u the armies fit., as he lurking murderer of tin last The S vi standard is said to extend the same thin ice on his' dot 'e gaol and 'ire s its 1 nibs by landslips J bo Arab takes his horse is line of g his line 1 slowly downhill mines of tin in the, list ing Mcadfe'tli in its eyes and turn completes the c mm In breathing up the noted 6 p in, when they rib Inn roosts we are told in and so the fowls he found their his house system the birds indeed in taking them to a state of mesmeric in, notes cash walk off with then resistless prey On the other hand it is argued that animals of a low r of the inn, in the same in stirs us influence, humble men, and " bring their lordly under un for the in- flux it of a lie or be farm on 1st Tie a table laid for. three suicides possess powered fa dilation is at restful to the ' fixed gaze used In mt seasons We have no desire to make r i it the i pursuance of these facts Their aim pie it's d its a it detract from their ladies at an axe had to consider how the mis mine influence can be thrown our the matter of rain, and upon this submitting lady says I Strange though it raw stem, the mind, and li 11 in an, animates every port in of our both, I Living not rich Lnllimi to the tu, or one s of in lung softness to the inn but tides i to the I li in h and burn mu y to tie up the tree a , utility schemes tin at, li uni portion of our from disliking it self in many ways as yet no tin ii) lit on and union mu 111 subject It fair Using a should be shrouded in much misery, I en I what is it and what in his pains I am in strong (I nil island and as a fun in that he with me swing me s nearly (ion to that empire truth answered in j tar ing to have really on our In the matter in in in in him nits Jung stilled" Dr 1 Hit me and Bill as, explained Berringama by supposing the patient to him an J study of main lit 6in! who i soul day, the rising of results at the inaugural ministers tin For anything else li and a union in the world that , j In no no no of his play Ex attack in on instill a t me ! it motion during minister similar action, for- fund to tin causing a Fruition and pursuits He was this ml when death! The bull, white li is half a a hindrances to it When Iii so it is about I turn to buy, or-, win it as it thinks t i In for its span is a day's mode of thinking, 1 in days not a visit Except in name, it railways in his fine win li it I. (m i nts to KM it, if it rains in iii i line lung also in fact, a more ii 15 3 I thinking" inn! i it Mating in settling, the sail nine is star artists of picture shows a! time a pint s j n i I t in 1 In June! i in obtain injure illusion iii her finely or totally Passively as when it seems walls of what is going on I threw him MU is in tin miner was, mutual when it I the house throughly of tin lines iii I a in MIK m win Billing alias vision without the Empire will, tin mining smiths of sensations sums n m side to play III in smelted tin sin in n p m to the stipulated, when it rains in the main all M H A i tell me of, as usual, I odds to. big time uupuUim t the ham Unit no sun name was not at first! by the Iigililians is natural from the rate represents firm of amount figures, and the arrival material or animal r who was found its use as a it is that life it is Mine be In it Dr 'areas, in the run. to earth Hillary ' "six years time a publican uns is uni iiiulaiiiiiig upwards of four hunting season which is sun rises had linen fund shortly find, out the names of the medical practitioners , similar- idiom tin ;, viz To eliminated appended to a Jaehne nie ' vi t au also taken to home that recent rising in be exerts! from disease, and that the electric fluid can sometimes perform id i mission even on the mindofastcptit Aninstanee I is given of a lady having been spell-bound i her own dialling room by some mesmerising gentleman who in its not present, and that she "oxeitcdtho utmost energy of her mind to prevent the singular influence horn overpowering i her Society will soon be in a very regrettable state if this sort of thing is to be allowed Only fancy a man had ing himself out to be brilliant, and feeling all his future prospects staked upon the «.<:/«< of a reunion, suddenly tumbling OFF to sleep in the midst of the company through the agency or some mischievous mesmerism The tiling won't bear a moment's reflection As a turn from it to the following line to the ladies, which we are sure will be acceptable - " It is a singular fact connected with modern mesmerism, that the patient always looks milch y younger and far more bountiful during the au 3 mere, trance, and that the experiment, is often repeated leaves upon the waking countenance the same tone it sweet repose A gallant colonel has said that during pain. no mesmerism the beautiful effects of the thanking passions remind him of the impression made on his mind by the dissolving views It therefore becomes matter for serious reflection whether mesmerism would not be found a far more efficacious agent in removing time stains from the face of beauty than any cosmetic ever invented We looked expectantly to the " ample directions for the full acquirement of the marvellous powers of mesmerism, which are given as follow " As the -voluminous works of Dcletisc, Jung Stilling, vision, Llhotson, Townshend, the Earl of Stanhope, Sand by, and others, may not have been perused by many of those who are desirous of becoming sucessful magnetism in Port Phillip, a few hints on the subject taken from these authors may not prove unacceptable to our readers It would seem that his will, and an entire abstraction of the light on this part are necessary, whilst your patient must have implicit faith in your powers, and submit without a doubt (which invariably nullifies Your influx nee) to any plan yearly deem it may able to pursue, whether passes pressing 111 the thumb, closing the eyelid, or simple, intent g 1 tug Be it ever remembered that one so on his 216 tr in the parcels of the ablest lines r tr or less willing puts it " Ddeti ( after noting the «hsirnblute«« «f forget ting all pi ins knowledge, and of a are fully evil even, the exercise of ri 1 til he c. thus-' Ininti in it is at your power to till the milady in hand and throw it on one side Half an aunt des re to be good 11 firm b lies in the powers of magnetism, and an 1 utter a note nee in employing it in short repel all doubts do its success and art with simplicity and ntl tion a sound and energetic mind a India of 1 h and a determined lUsnotic volition are all the same requisites for becoming a skilful messenger ' If it should be thought that we have treated this pamphlet to light, it is not from any desire to ridicule the sen nee or to promote scepticism. Impure should be encouraged 1 enough is known to prove the existence of a natural law which is but little understood, and the development of which may tend to purposes of the highest good Materially, it has already proved so, metaphysically, the subject becomes too seductive for hasty comment 