THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL ON TRANSPORTATION. Now that the dangers which seriously threatened the peace and tranquility of the colony have been happily averted, by the settlement of this question, the public mind will be better able to appreciate the magni tude of the impending evil, and to set a due value on the services of those honorable gen tlemen, who, in their place in Council, so nobly fought the battle of their Country's Freedom. If any individual member was better able than another, from his peculiar office and position, to form a sound and cor-, rect judgment on the great question under debate, it must be the gentleman, who for the long period, of eighteen years, was at the head of that responsible department of the public service, the prosecution of all offences committed in New South Wales during that number of years. And there appears to be but one opinion entertained by every member of the community — no matter of what class, creed, or country, regarding the unflinching integrity, the undeviating and even-handed justice, and the high sense of honor shown throughout that long career in the impar tial administration of justice by the Attor ney-General. If any thing could still fur ther increase the hold that this gentleman has already on the public confidence, it is the straightforward and generous manner in which he has come forward to add the weight of his official character and standing in so ciety towards the settlement of the momen thous question that lately agitated the colony from one end to the other. In order that our readers may preserve the ' official evidence' contained in the Attorney General's conclusive speech on that occasion, and impress on the minds of their children the powerful arguments he brings forward against the revival of transportation, we devote a portion of our columns to a condensed report of his speech. We know of no state paper better entitled to a careful perusal. We have op posed the revival of transportation on 'high moral grounds,' which are paramount to all others, and not from the slightest antipathy to the pastoral or squatting pursuits,, nor from any feelings oi indifference to the Emancipists or to their respectable families. We most earnestly wished well to both, and if we have erred in judgment, we liave erred in the good and honorable company of the Attorney-General. The ArrTORNEY-G-Eif eral : When they looked at the government benches and saw that his honor able friends the officers of government with whom ?» he so cordially acted on most occasions, were not in their places, it must be evident to the House that these gentlemen did not mean to take part in the present discussion. It was indeed very well under stood that his honorable friend the Colonial Secre tary did not intend to take part in the discussion, either as an organ of the government or as an in dividual member of the House. It became him therefore to state to the House the reasons which had induced him to adopt on this occasion a course , different- from that of his brother officers. It was j an imperative sense of duty alone which had urged j him to take a part in this discussion. The question I at issue was undoubtedly the most important one i which the House had been called upon to decide, I not only as to its present character, but as to its aftereffects. (Hear, hear. ) The subject matter of f these ordinary deliberations were Bills which. j might be readily amended, or 'resolutions i which might with eqxial readiness be rescinded, or \ which,' compared with the resolutions at present ?; under discussion, were of a very minor importance. !; If in their divisions upon the estimates a reduction |; was made in any of the public establishments, the f Grovernment might be put to the temporary diiii- | culty, and the honorable gentlemen's opposition h might exult over a temorary triumph ; but the |j difficulty and the triumph soon passed away and ;!ii were forgotten. But the subject under discussion |; was one of a very different description. When he jjj reflected that the discussion of this question was || one which would fix the character and direct the U fate of the country for ages. When he reflected jjj that the interests of millions yet unborn depended pj upon the conclusion to which they might then ,j| come ; he felt bound to give the country, in the 0 government of which he was so long an oflicer, the |i| benefit of his opinion and of his vote. il (Hear, hear.) When the noble lord whose ^ despatch had given rise to this discussion asked for ||| the opinion of the country, he meant what he said. »'?! There was not in the despatch the slightest attempt II at coercion, or the slightest intention of such a de sire. The decision of this House being demanded, j it was his own opinion that every member was j bound to give his vote upon this question. Al- I though not an elected representative of the people, he had always considered it part of his duty, as a i member of that House, to look to the good of the whole colony. (Hear, hear.) His duties were in ) this respect co-extensive with jurisdiction of the f Governor under whom he had the honour to serve. i Their poet Young had said that ' ah indevout as- I ti'onomer must be mad.' The meaning of the i poet undoubtedly was, th'at no maninhisrightmind j; could contemplate the stupendous works of the f; Almighty, so frequently and so closely as an astro- h nomer was in the habit of doing, must be out of f his senses if he failed to recognise the Power anil b Majesty of the Divine Creator. In like manner ha- | ????'? ' g . ii \\\ ? V ('? I / \ if-. .would1 say (he said it not irreverently) that the man who could fill the office of public prosecutor in New South Wales for eighteen years, M'ithout having his eyes opened to the evils of transporta tion must be mad indeed. (Hear, hear.) For eighteen years, except during the time he had been once absent from the colony on leave of absence, all the committals for the Supreme Court and Quarte Sessions had passed through his hands ; and the greater number of the prisoners so committed had been prosecuted by himself. This being the case, he might be said to have lived and moved for eighteen years in a daily contemplation of the crimes which had during that period been com mitted throughout the colony. (Hear.) It was not his intention to follow the example of other honorable members who had alluded to the state .of the country before the cessation of transportation. Those immigrants who came to the country before it so ceased, came there with their eyes open. They knew that they were going to a country which was the recepticle of criminals, and could not expect, therefore, to find an absence of crime. Up to that time, and guided by these views, all who knew must be aware that he had used his utmost strenu ous exertions to procure for the convicts strict jus tice. ' (Hear, hear.) He lent his efforts to have them governed by law and not by caprice, as had too often been the case. (Hear, hear.) He joiued heart and hand in the endeavours of Sir Eichard Bourke to so modify the law as restrain those who might still be disposed to govern and to punish the convict according to the dictates of caprice alone. Acting upon the same views, he had upheld the sacred rights of those who had obtained their free dom, and who, if ' they had gone to England, would have been as free as any man who trod the soil of that free and noble country. He had .always maintained that these persons were entitled to be placed in exactly the same position as all other free colonists. He therefore proposed to place upon the jury lists those who, after serving their terms of punishment, had proved by their good character, by their reformed lives, and by the respectability in which they were training the families springing up around them, had proved their worthiness to exercise this trust. This jury question was for a long period of' time a party question. The hon. member 'for Camden, among others, had contended that admission of emancipists upon juries, not only would be likely to lead to an encouragement of crime, but he stated in his book that it. had that ?efiject. Whenever he (the Attorney-General) had / ? an opportunity he had always corrected the mis representation : for a mis-representation it really was, although of course unintentional on the part of that honorable member. He did not know from whence thehonorable member drew his conclusions, for he had never seen that gentleman in a Criminal Court in his life. Perhaps he might have attended a Court of Quarter Sessions occasionally ; but in this way he sould have derived but little informa tion. He (the Attorney-General)- had said in the old Council, and he would repeat it there, that be fore 1 34 0 he had not seen half a dozen, verdicts of acquittal with which he did not concur. Better verdicts, on the whole, he was sure were not given oven in the mother country than in this colony. (Hear.) Those gentlemen who opposed him in re ference to this question, had in former days failed, howevev, to assist himself, and others in purging this jury list of persons whose names were a dis grace to it. Up to 1840, when transportation ceased, he had conceived it his peculiar duty to see that justice was fairly and equitably administered in the control and punishment of convicts, and to obtain a full measure of political freedom for those who had been in this capacity, but had served out their periods of punishment. Up to the present time no one had ever heard him institute a compa rison between the emancipist and the free class. ? (Hear, hear.) He had always looked upon this class distinction as a great evil, and it had in fact been the cause of much heart burning among, all classes. If transportation was resumed, it would not be one of its least evils that it would have the effect of reviving those feelings which had slept for so many. years. He would not, as he had said be-, fore, refer to the state of the colony before 1840. Crime to avast extent prevailed durincr that period: but it was not necessary for the purposes of his argu ment that he should give any details respecting this crime. He would only refer them generally to a charge delivered by Mr. Justice Burton, in the year 1835, which was published in Mr. Macarthur's book: — , ?....' 'In 1833, there had been one hundred arid thirty five capital convictions; on sixty-nine sentence of death had been passed — -forty-five of those capital convictions, and iifteen of these sentences of death had taken place upon his Judicial responsibility. In 1 834, one hundred and forty-eight capital convictions, in eighty-three of which sentence of death had been passed ; forty-eight of which convictions, and thirty-six of which sentences, had been before him tiuu. in looo, one Hundred and sixteen capital convictions, and seventy-one sentences to suffer death ; fifty-six . of which convictions had taken place before him, and twenty-eight of which sen tences he had passed. In addition to which sen tences there are thirty-three prisoners who have been capitally convicted, waiting for sentence. ?Whether .death might be recorded or passed upon; them, the number of capital convictions was a fea ture sufficiently striking1 in th« arlmimstmtinn nf justice in this colony ; for it was to be remarked, that capital punishment had been taken away from several offences, such as forgery, cattle-stealing, stealing in a dwelling house above the value of £5, (those fruitful sources of capital convictions in for mer times) ever since the 1st of August, 1833, so that those which had taken place since that time, were all crimes of violence, murder, rape, robbery, burglary, maliciously stabbing, shooting and wound ing, and offences of similar character.' \ This was a true picture of the state of the colony^ and of the convictions which took /lace during the period alluded to. But while the country was a mere penal colony, it was not surprising that crime should be prevalent ; and as he had before re marked/ those who came to the' colony at a time when .felons.^ were, sent there, must have expected to find that the community was nota very moral one. Those who came since 1840, however, came to New South Wales, not as a penal country, but as a free country. Upwards of 100,000, it had been stated by various speakers, had come to the Country since 1840\. Those persons had come upon a clear under standing that transportation to New South Wales was never again to be resumed in any shape. He had reason, in fact, to know that of those who had arrived in the colony during this period, thousands would not have come at all if they had had the slightest grounds for suspecting that transportation would be again revived. This fact was probably well known to the noble Lord who now called for their decision upon this question. The very fact of his calling for such a decision was, in effect, to consult the people who had arrived under this un derstanding. To admit that convicts could not be sent unless they are willing to receive them and to ask them whether, they were really willing to do so or not. No doubt, the Secretary of State would abide by the decision of that House, taking its votes as the decision of the people. It had been stated by the last speaker and others, that the Secretary of State had broken faith with the colony, and that upon this account he was not again to be trusted. It was clear that the honorable gentleman who had made this assertion could not have read the des patches already alluded to, or if he had read them, must not have paid sufficient attention to their terms and effect. All the despatches showed that good faith had been kept throughout by the Minister. It must, however, have been impossible for his Lordship to gather the real opinions of the Council, owing to the management of those who conducted the pro-transportation movement. The Beport of the Committee, smuggled into the Council as it was, had nevertheless been circulated at home, as if it had passed the Council. Then again there was the expression of opinion which had proceeded from the Council on the subject of exiles. Under all these circumstances the Minister was justified in assuming that there had been a change of opinion in the colony upon this subject. It had been said Earl Grey had broken faith by sending convicts without completing the other part of the bargain upon which the Council had con sented to the reception of these men. But what was the fact. The noble Earl did not deny the bar gain, nor did he seek to repudiate it. What he said was, as appears in the despatch already alluded to, that it was not in the power of the Government, at that moment, to complete the conditions, but that it was intended to do so as soon as possible. [Tie then read extracts from Earl' Grey's des patches.] ' As the Secretary of State had committed no breach of faith, so he had laid ho trap for the Council. He had put before them a broad proposition; he had asked them to say whether they would have con victs or not. ? He believed that this proposition was made in perfect good faith, and it, was because:he believed this, that he conceived it his duty not. only, to state his own opinions upon' this question, but to give them his evidence as to the working of the system in times past.. (Hear, hear.) He would give the House some statistics as to the proportion of crime among those who had been originally tran sported, to its proportion among those who, had never been in this position. For the purposes of his argument he should divide the population- into two classes. Those who were native born, or Avho had arrived free in the colony, he should term the free classes ; and those who had been originally transported, he should term the transported classes. According to the census of 1846', the relative pro portions of the two classes were in round numbers as one to four of the transported class;. the free classes having attained a majority to this extent.' Now, according to the census of 1846, a just pro-: portion of crime to each class, if the moral standing of both classes were equal, would be as' one crime committed by one of the transported class to three of the free class ; that is, out of one hundred cri minals twenty-five only ought to belong to the transported class, and seventy- five to the free class. They all knew, however, that the number of immi grants had greatly increased since 1846, while those of the transported class must necessarily have become less. Of every hundred of the population then there would be eighty of the free class to twenty of the' transported class. Bearing these proportions , in mind, he would, refer them to certain returns which he had, and which would show a very different pro portion in this amount of crime among the two classses'to that which would appear,,' if the statis tics of crime Avere in- proportion to the statistics of the population. He would be much under the mark instating that the proportion in one hun dred convictions, would exceed sixty of the tran sported class,to forty of the free class. (Hear, hear.) . 3t would be seen from the Quarter Sessions statistics (which he quoted at some length) that the propor tion which he had estimated was very considerable in favour' of the free classes. According to the Quarter Sessions returns it wouldbe found that they had a greater share of the crime amongst them than he had stated. (Hear, hear.) But it was from the calendar of the Sydney Gaol during the lust year that he had drawn the proportion which he' had estimated. 1600 and odd prisoners had passed through that gaol, upwards of 1000 of whom were' of the transported class. If the amount of crime in these two classes had been equal, and had not exceeded the proportion of crime among- the free classes to the numerical strength of that class, there would have been 1100 prisoners less in that gaol during the year, and there would of . course have been a corresponding diminution of expense. But if there had not been a 'transported class mingled up among the free population, and neces sarily exercising a contaminating influence, it was not probable that they would have 'had' more' tbVin five or six hundred prisoners in the gaol during the entire year. The Assizes during1 the past year, as well as the state of the Metropolitan gaol,' had .proved that the same proportion in crime was still maintained. At Gbulburn September Assizes ther were nine of the transported class out of thirteen prisoners. At Bathurst, in February last, out of nineteen, fifteen were free by servitude ; and at the last assizes of that place, out of twenty-two there were thirteen of the transported class. There were nine of the most henious crimes— murder, man slaughter, robbery with arms and violence, and stabbing— two only of these were of the free class. At the Assizes of Maitland, September 1850, out of twenty-six, there were twenty-one of the trans ported class ; nine tried for murder, rape, robbery, and stabbing— two only of those were of the free class. At Brisbane Assizes, in May last— and he would call the special attention of those in that district to the fact— out of eighteen on the calendar there was only one of the free class*— a native of the colony. Three soldiers were tried who were not on the calendar ; one found guilty of assault, the other two acquitted. The only capital case was for murder, and both the prisoners were found guilty and executed ; one was a ticket-of-leave holder, who arrived by the Havering, in November or De cember last ; the other was emancipated ; and they murdered an unfortunate free shepherd, who was on the same station, under cruel and atrocious cir cumstances. It was deserving of particular remark also, as had been noticed by the hon. member for Roxburgh, that nearly all the henious offences were committed by persons of the transported class. Out of every nine cases of this description, there were not more than two committed by persons of the free class. (Hear, hear.) The state of the Bathurst Gaol, at the time of the last assizes, had been par ticularly enquired into, and it was found that, out of nineteen persons confined there under the Master and Servants Act, and as rogues and vagabonds and incorrigible drunkards, there were but twoof the free class, a fact worthy of peculiar attention on the par£ of those gentlemen who contended for the superiority of the description of labour now asked for. (Hear, hear.)' It will be seen that, if there had been none of this transported class at Moreton Bay, there would have been but two cases for trial, that of the free person alluded to, and that of the soldier. With such w state of things existing after transportation had ceased for ten years, it would be scarcely prudent to renew it, unless the advocates for. such renewal were prepared to controvert the facts he had alluded to, and to show that a relapse into convictism would not have the effect of render ing life j and property insecure. Not even, in a pecuniary point of view, would transportation yield the advantages which had been calculated upon. The loss of time and expense entailed upon free people in attending as witnesses, and as jurors at the trials of those men, and the expense to which the country was put for that coercion, would more than counterbalance any profits which could be ob tained from their labour. If a debtor and creditor account were made out, showing the profit and loss of the system, it would be found that free labour, upon any terms, would be far cheaper to the country than convict labour. (Hear, hear.) The statistics he had quoted were enough, he should think, to prove the assertion which he had made at the 'outset, as to the proportion of crime among these classes. But it was necessary for him also to state the proportion of crime among the free classes was even less than these returns would show. Many persons who appeared upon the records as free were found out afterwards to have been trans ported to Van Diemen's Land, or to have come as exiles to. this colony. With these circumstances before their eyes, — with a full knowledge that in the distant parts of the country, women and children were frequently attacked and illused in the open day by ruflians of this class ; with a full conscios ness thati crimes of the latter description were even still very prevalent among men who had originally come to the colony as transported offenders, how', he would ask, could honorable members by a re vival of transportation entail so vast an amount of misery upon the immigrant families who had come to the country since transportation ceased, and who would never have come to the country at all if they had not been assured that transportation to it had ceased for ever. He could relate to them, were it necessary, circumstances of atrocity which had been detailed in Courts' of Justinp. TTp Tmrl lioav/i vola_ tions in these courts from parents and relatives who had been plunged in misery by the brutality of some of those hardened villains, 'and whose mis fortunes would have drawn tears from any sensi tive hearer. (Hear, hear.) He had but one other set of statistics with which he would trouble the House. He had a return of the numbers convicted at the Supreme Court, and at the Circuit for the first six years after transportation ceased, and he would briefly state the result shown by this return. Jn-.the year 1841, there were 37 persons. of the free class convicted out of a total number of convictions of 113 ; seven only whose condition was not known. In 1842, there were- 46 persons of the free class convicted out of 140, 21 whose condition was un known. In 1843, there were 23 persons convicted of the free class out of 114; seven whose condition ?was unknown. In 1844, there were 45 persons of the free class convicted out of 165, two whose con dition was unknown. In 1845, there were 45 con victions of persons of the free class out of 16.9 convictions, nine whose condition was unknown. In 1846, there were 43 persons of this class con victed out Of 164,' 27 whose condition was unknown. (Hear, hear.) He quite agreed with his honorable friend the member for Roxburgh, who had put before them the merits of the question so ably and so; eloquently on the previous evening, thut the motion before them was as the lock of the door he alluded to. Transportation miglit fairly be likened to the thief outside, who was seeking for admission. Once open the door to transported offenders of any kind, whether they were called convicts or exiles and a mass of crime would enter which they would never again get rid of. (Hear, hear.) They must look, also, as the' hon. member for Roxburgh had told them,,to the changes in the criminal law since the cessation of transportation. Many persons who would come out here as exiles in the present day would have been hanged in former times. Before the year 1841, attempt? at murder were punisTiedwitn death, upon the principle that the criminal intention of the prisoner was the same as if he had destroyed his victim, the latter having only been saved by the interposition, of Providence. Now such an offence was punished only by trans portation. Piracies, setting fire to a church, chapel, or dwelling-house, and, many other offences for merly punished by death, were only punished now by transportation ; and rape, although still in this colony a capital offence, was only punished by trans portation in England. The longer his experience in the Supreme Court lasted, the more he was con vinced of the wisdom with which the Legislature of the colony had acted in retaining the punish ment of death for the latter offence in the colony. So long as any crime was punishable with death, it was necessary in a country like this that that punishment should be retained for this offence. But the law. was different in England. They had heard on the previous night that out of sixteen crimes classed by the hon. member for Northumberland as minor offences, one was. for an offence of this des cription. He knew not whether it was a familiarity with crime in this colony that blunted the moral perceptions of the hon. member, but he knew from experience that it had a tendency to blunt the feel ings even of the highest classes. They had only to examine their own consciences and see the changed aspect with which they regarded crime when they first came to the colony, and; after a few years' residence in it, in order to be convinced that such was the effect produced by a penal colony ; and it was well for those who. could afford it to pay an occasional visit to the old country in order to renovate their pure British and home feelings upon these points. It could only be from the operation of such a feeling as this that the hon. member had . been led to speak so lightly of an offence of this na ture. It that hon. gentleman had attended at the last assizes of Maitlaud, he would. have seena case of an unfortunate woman who lived near Singleton, Patrick's Plains, very near the residence of the hon. member himself, who, when within seven days of her confinement, had been assaulted, and the crime alluded to committed, in her own house, and almost in the presence of her own children, by one of tbeee ruffians. If the hon. member had heard these de tails of brutality, he would not have spoken of this outrage as a minor offence. (Hear, hear.) : There solutions of the hon. member for Camden avouM pledge them, it was said, to the reception only of exiles. But the class which they would receive under this denomination would be inferior in many res pects to the convicts who came to the colony before 1841\. A large proportion of the latter were sent out for political and minor offences. Few of them were stained with the heinous crimes r. Inch must have been committed during the present period to entail the punishment of transportation. (Hear,, hear.) Many of the persons who were now res pectable fathers of families among us, and who were transported, proved themselves to be reformed and excellent members of society, but exiles cannot be made to be reformed. His experience had taught him that the reformation of a prisoner could not be relied on as long as he was in goal probation. It was only when he showed that he was able to resist temptation in society, that he proved his reforma tion. The cleverest rogues were, generally, the best behaved in the gaol or even in Norfolk Island, — they had no opportunity of indulging their evil passions. How many instance's could be adduced in proof of this, if it were not so. well known to those whom he addressed. He was the more sur prised at the willingness of the lion, member for Camden to receive the exiles of the present day, when he remembered the former career of that gentleman ; when he remembered that the lion. , member had so strongly and, no doubt, so consis tently contended even against the granting of political rights to persons who had come to the country as transported offenders. , (Hear, hear.) And now, after doing all this, and after the country had been ten years in a. state.of freedom, the hon. member proposed to degrade it once-again to the condition of a convict colony, to be deluged with such a class as the exiles of the present day; He would refer the House to the honorable member's own evidence before the Transportation Committee, and to the book which he had written for the ex press purpose of advocating the discontinuance of transportation to New South Wales.' The book written by the honorable member was one of con siderable size. It was not a pleasant thing for a man to eat his own words at any time, still less when they were in the shape of an octavo volume. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The hon. member went home as the delegate of a number of persons who had petitioned against the continuance of transportation, and he could riot but believe that he had been most zealous in the fulfilment of his mission. He succeeded so well that, as they had been told last night, he had earned for himself the right to a perpetual remembrance in the grateful memory of his countrymen- But the hon. mem ber must have a short memory.. He must have forgotten the book which he wrote — the evidence which he had given, and the principles which he had advocated. Although the honorable gentle man seemed now inclined to think that immigra tion and transportation might be carried on to gether, he was of a different opinion when examined before the Transportation Committee of the House of Commons. During his examinatian the hon. gentleman was asked by Sir William Molesworth, 'Do you think the fact of the colony being made a place of banishment for criminals, would - deter respectable individuals from . emi grating?' His reply was, ' I believe it lias had that effect.' (Hear, 'hear. ) A question was also put to him by Viscount Howick, the present Earl Grey, which showed that, even as far back as this period, his lordship contemplated some such system as that now proposed. _ The question .and answer was this .—Viscount Howick ? Suppose, instead of the present system of transportation, ? criminals were to be punished in England with a certain number of years' imprisonment, and after that to be banished to New South Wales, and were, there placed under the surveillance of the police in tl; same mariner as ticket-of-leave men, what do you think would be the effect of such a system on the colony? Mr. Macarthur : I should conceive that the effect would be, in a modified shape, the same as that of continuing the system of transporta tion '—In short, the whole scope, and bearing of the honorable member' s evidence, and of the book which he had written, was against the continuance ef transportation to New South Wales. (Hear, hear.) The honorable and learned member for Bath'urst had contended that even although rogues and vagabonds might be poured in npon ]^ew South Wales, it would not be the less a free country, owing to the presence of these people. _ He was.at a loss to conceive how any moral or right-minded man could look upon any country which was made the receptacle of convicts as a free country. So long as they had convicts among them, there must be a Bushranging Act which gave power to any constable or force to apprehend and imprison, if suspected to be a convict ; and was this Act not a measure limiting the freedom of the country? (Hear, hear.) The Act at present in force would expire in 1853, but if the convicts, which some honorable members were so anxions to receive3 were to be poured in upon them, it must be con tinued for ever. Without such an enactment it would be impossible to walk from Sydney to Parra matta in safety ; still less could they travel the great lines of road throughout the interior. Nor, again, could a man be said to be free if his life and property were not secured? Yet so long as per sons ilctUlliUiXLGU. liU UilUC ? WUCU1C1 UlCy IVC1C tdUCU exiles or convicts, were sent to the colony this in security must continue. (Hear, hear.) If they all had the possessions even of the honorable mem ber for Northumberland, these possessions would be scarcely worth retention if they were to live in a constant dread of having their throats cut, or of having their possessions wrested from them. (Hear, hear.) He should have no objection to concur in any resolution to protest against the separation of Moreton Bay, or the sending of convicts to that part of the country. He believed, however, that such a course was scarcely necessary. At present Moreton Bay was as much a part, of New South Wales as any other portion of the country, and they were called upon by the noble Earl at the head of the Colonial Department to pronounce an opinion upon this question on behalf of the entire colony. (Hear.) But they were told that convicts would be poured in upon them from the north and from the souths That there would be a convict colony in the north, and that .convicts would still be sent to Van Diemen's Land. He must take leave to re mark, however, that the Council had the remedy for this evil in its own hands. There was an Act passed last year which, if it had been properly car ried out, would have remedied much of the evil complained of. He alluded to the Vagrancy Act. He did not believe that the measure had ever been acted upon. If it had been, ft would doubtless have been, found sufficiently stringent. But if it was not strong enough, they had the power of making it so. (Hear, hear. ) The system of tran sportation and free immigration could not go on together, and they must therefore choose between one and the other. They must look, also, not to the interests of the present race of colonists, but to those of the races which were to follow. If hon. members were really as alarmed as they professed themselves to be at the prospect of having an in flux from penal colonies, so large as to render it more dangerous than even the resumption of tran sportation, all he could say was, that they were easily frightened. But he was inclined to think that they had conjured up these ghosts to frighten others from the course which they might think right, rather than that they had any belief within their own minds as to the reality of these annaii tions. (Hear, hear. ) The cases of this colony and van Diemen's Land, although they had been com pared by several speakers, were not analogous. \ an Diemen's Land had never been emancipated from the thraldom of convictism. They would search history in vain for any instance where a country, inhabited by a British people, had, after ten years of freedom, sought to return to a con dition of bondage. (Hear, hear. ) If they did this, the name of Botany Bay would be as much despised throughout the world as it was at present in Cali fornia. The manner in which those who game »««u oyuuey were looked upon at that place, was Milhcient to show the kind of reputation which must attach to any country bearing the stain of convic tism. lhe very fact of coming from New South v\aies was suflicient in most cases to prevent a man trom obtaining employment. (Hear, hear.) He iiaa heard one argument made use of, to which he rfaid.but Ktde- attention. They had been told, watrt they declined to accept the propositions of Jie [secretary of State, the colony would get into q stavour. He cared nothing for so mean and des Sla^Tent' (Hear, hear.) When they Knew that England, in addition to the many naval jna military triumphs which had conferred immor '7,1' ]ip0,n. the flaS of which the7 liad heard wmuca, had achieved a peaceful and moral triumph ; a ti umph which would live in history when all bL^ST Wei-e for£°tten- When they remem Z7, i at *? S'^e freedom to an oppressed race, Was? ? lesitated t0 expend twenty millions! bebecaT T* t0 talk of an e?e of ^favour tan Am \UP°n her Own sons I)lanted °n this dis froma7n TvllSe they.were not inclined to pass Hear T ^°\ °f freedom into °»e of ^nd^e ? esswonn'0! Su-re he was tliat hisEoyal Mis peopl wonted -haVin8' T'* her S'b-'ects a *ere uoT wfcf £'* *Mland' A people who to rive im !l g' any PecuniarY considerations, wived ten ! emanciPati°n which they had re ^ZZJZV50' (?ear, hear.) He would WbortLPf mflwhat he believedtobehis »«wr rfthe C Gr °f that House- and as an served Hp (?)™rm?e?t which he had so long to do this t^,?^1' incumb8nt 'PPn him with his own p v h-nVe beeiv more consistent I 0Wn feelln£S if he could have refrained I from taking part in this discussion, and it was only an imperative sense of duty which had compelled him to do so. He would take leave to say, that until that time he had never made a comparison between the two classes to whom he had before referred. He would not have made such comparison on that occasion, had it not been absolutely neces sary to do so for the purpose of showing the evils which were entailed by transportation) and which would be increased by its resumption. (Hear, hear.) As he had before stated, he looked upon the question as the most important they had ever been called upon to decide. The fate of millions yet unborn were bound up in the judgment ,they Avere about to pronounce. (Hear.) The question was one upon which it was quite possible that men might conscientiously differ. But the opinion to which he had given utterance was one which had been formed and matured by his experience. And it must be conceded that his position during the last eighteen years had afforded him peculiar facilities for the formation of his accurate judgment upon this question. (Cheers.) . 