SCHOOL OF ARTS. The lecture season of the School of Arts occurring at the time when our Reporters are so much engaged, and our columns occupied by the proceedings of the Legislative Council, we are prevented from paying so much attention to them as we could wish. The opening lecture of the present session was delivered last week by Dr. H. G. Douglass (who has been elected Vice President, in the place of Mr. Michie). The lecture, as an introductory one, comprised a rapid glance at the present state of natural science, with a view to induce the young to take up some branch, particularly of natural history, as a study, which it was pointed out to them they could easily do, and would be providing themselves a vast fund of recreation, while they were gradually adding to their stock of useful knowledge. On this point the lecturer dwelt at some length, giving a rapid sketch of some of the leading facts of the comparative anatomy of different animals, and its adaptation to their different wants. From this he proceeded to a consideration of some of the principles of natural philosophy, and from this part of the lecture we make the following extracts ; To how many kinds of workmen, must a knowledge of mechanical philosophy prove useful t To how many others, does chemistry prove almost necessary Î Every one must, with a glance perceive, that to engineers, watchmakers, instrument makers, bleachers, anddyers, those sciences are most useful if not necessary. But carpenters and masons are surety likely to do their work better, for knowing how to measure which practical mathematics teaches them, and how to estimate the strength of timber, of walls and of riches, which they learn from practical mechanics. And they who work in various metals, are certain to be the more skilful in their trades, for knowing the nature of those substances, and their relations to both here and other metals, and to chairs and liquids they come in contact with-nay the farm servant or day labour or, whether In his master's employ, or tending the concerns of his own cottage-must derive greater practical benefit must be both a better servant, and a more thrifty, and therefore, comfortable cottages, for knowing something of the nature of soils and manures which chemistry touches, and something of the habits of animals, and the quail, tics and growth of plants, which he learns from natural history and chemistry together. In truth, though a man be neither mechanic nor pleasant, but only one having a pot to boil, he is sure to learn from science lessons which will enable him to cook like morsel better, save his fuel, and both vary his diet and improve it. Be the method ever so general, cases will always arise, in which it must be varied, in order to apply it. And if the workman only knows the rule, without knowing the reason, he must be at fault the instant he is required to make any new application of it. ( This then, is the first use of learning the principles of science ; it makes men more skilful, expert, and useful in the particular kinds of work by which they are to earn their bread, and by which they are to make it go for and taste well when earned. AU opportunities of making experiments must be unimproved, all appearances must pass unobserved, if he has no knowledge of the principles-but tn'lA this knowledge has more likely than another person to strike out something now, which may be useful in art, or curious, or interesting in science. Very few great discoveries have been made by chance, and by ignorant persons-much fewer than is generally supposed. It is commonly told of the steam-engine, that an idle boy being employed to stop and open a valve, saw that he could save himself the trouble of attending and watch, ing it by fixing a plug upon a part of the machine which came to the place at the proper times, in consequence of the general movement. This is possible, no doubt, though nothing very certain is known of the origin of the story; that improvements of any value are very seldom, indeed, so easily found out, and hardly another instance can be named of important discoveries so purely accidental. They are generally made by persons of competent knowledge, and who are in search of them. The improvements of the steam-engine, by Watt, re., suited from the most learned investigation of mathematical, mechanical, and chemical truths. Every man is endowed by nature with the power of gaining knowledge, and the taste for it. The capacity to be pleased with it forms equally a part of the constitution of his mind. It is his own fault or the fault of his education if he derives no gratification from it. Now reflect how many parts of the reading even of persons ignorant of all sciences, refer to matters wholly unconnected with any interest or advantage to be derived from the knowledge acquired. Every one is amused with reading history; a romance may please some, and a fairy tale may entertain others-but no benefit beyond the amusement is derived from this source; the imagination is gratified; and we willingly spend a good deal of time and little money in this grn- I tification rather than rest after fatigue, or any other bodily indulgence. Most persons who take delight in reading tales of ghosts, which they know to be false, I and feel all the while to be silly in the extreme, are j merely gratified, or rather occupied, with the strong emotions of horror, excited by the momentary belief, for it can only last a moment. Such reading is a degrading waste of precious time, and has even a bad effect upon the feelings and the judgment. If it be a pleasure to gratify curiosity, to know what we were ignorant of, to have our feelings of wonder called forth, how pure a delight of this very kind does natural science hold out to its student t Re- collect some of the extraordinary discoveries of me. chemical philosophy. How wonderful are the laws which regulate the motion of fluid is there anything in all the hills books of tales and horrors more truly astonishing . than the fact that a few pounds of water may, by mere > pressure, without any machinery, by merely being placed in a particular way, produce an irresistible force 1 What can he more strange than that an ounce weight should balance hundreds of pounds by the intervention of a few bars of thin iron ? j Observe the extraordinary truths which optical science ' discloses anything surprise us more than to find that the colour of white is a mixture of all others; that red and blue and green, and all the rest, merely by being blended in certain proportions, form, what we had fancied rather to be no colour at all, than all colours I together. | Chemistry is not behind in its wonders. That the diamond should be made of the same material as coal that water should be chiefly composed of an inflammable substance that acids should be formed of all kinds of air and that one of those acids-whose strength can almost dissolve any of the metals should be made of the self-same ingredients with the air we breathe; that salt should be of a metallic nature and composed in great part of metals, fluid like quicksilver, but lighter than water, and which without any heating take fire by being exposed to the air, and by burning form the substance so abounding in saltpetre and the ashes of burnt . wood. These surely are things to excite the wonder of I any reflecting mind, nay, of any one but little accustomed to reflect. And yet these are trifling when compared to the prodigies which Astronomy opens to our view; the enormous masses of the heavenly bodies, their immense distances, their countless numbers and their motions, whose swiftness mocks the uttermost efforts of the imagination. It is surely a gratification to know that the same thing or motion, or whatever it is, which causes those sation of heat, causes also fluidity, and expands bodies in all directions; that electricity, the light which is seen on the back of a cat, when slightly rubbed on a frosty evening, is the very same manner with the lightning of the clouds. That plants breathe like ourselves, but differently, by day and by night. That the air which burns our lamps enables the balloon to mount, and causes the globules of the dust of plants to rise, float through the air, and continue their race-in a word, is the immediate cause of vegetation. Nothing can at first view appear less like, or less likely to be caused by the same thing, than the processes of burning and of breathing-the rust of metals and burning-an acid and rust-the influence of a plant on the air it grows in by night, and of an animal on the same air at any time, nay, mind of a body burning in that air. And yet all these are the same operation. It is an undeniable fact, that the very same thing which makes the fire burn makes metals rust, forms acids, and causes animals to breathe-that their operations so unlike to common eyes-when examined by the light of science are the same. The rusting of metals-the formation of acids-the burning of inflammable bodies the breathing of animals-and the growth of plants by night-to know this is a positive gratification. Is it not pleasing to find the same substance in various situations extremely unlike each other to meet with fixed air as the produce of burning, of breathing, and of vegetation to find that it is the choice, damp of mines-the cause of death in the neglected vats of brewers-and of the brisk and acid flavour of many mineral springs? Nothing can be less like, than the working of a vast steam engine, and the crawling of a fly upon the window. We find that these two operations are formed by the same in ans-the weight of the atmosphere and that a sea. horse climbs the side of the ice hills by no other power. Can anything be more strange to contemplate"' Is there, in all the fairy tales that ever were fancied, anything more calculated to arrest the attention, and to occupy and gratify the mind, than this most unexpected resemblance between things so unlike, to the eyes of ordinary beholders? What more pleasing occupation, than to see uncovered and have before our eyes the very instrument and process by which Nature works? Then we raise our views to the structure of the hearing, and are again gratified with tracing accurate but most unexpected resemblances. ! ' ' Is it not in the highest degree interesting, to find that the power which keeps this earth in Its shape, and Mu its path, wheeling round the sun, extends over all the other worlds that compose the Universe, and gives to each its proper place and motion? That this same power keeps the moon in her path round our earth, and our earth in its path round the sun, and each pinner,, Hudspeth? That the same power causes the tides upon our earth, and the peculiar form of the earth itself and that after all, it is the same power which makes a stone full to the ground ? To learn these things, and to reflect upon them, fills the mind, and produces certain, as well as pure gratification. The lecture, which was throughout both instructive and entertaining, was listened to with great attention. A series of lectures on Chemistry by Dr. Lynch, a gentleman recently arrived in the colony, are to be commenced this evening. John Hayes Enquiry having been made respecting John Hayes, who was formerly a sergeant in the Grenadier company of the 77th Regiment, and afterwards belonged to the 39th Foot, and who, on his being allowed a compensation for his pension, is stated to have emigrated to this colony subsequently to July, 1815 ; it is requested that any person who may be able to afford information concerning him will be good enough to communicate the same to the Colonial Secretary's Office,- yesterday's Government Gazette. 