MISCELLANEOUS. Tricks Played . upon Neoroes. — There is a bush story of a negro, who, for a bottle of rumi, agreed to strip to the waist, and lie on his face to 'be bitten for a quarter of an hour by the mosquitos at the - Joggings. "of New d runs wick. , tic cnaurcu nts pest man- fully,.and had ueaity woq . his prize, when one. of the lumbermen who. stood by laid on him a small piqee of live charcoal, when the negro wriggled and twisted about frightfully ; , at last, unable to hold out any, longer, lie jumped , up, caUiug out, Whoo! not bargain for dat ; dal is _ dragon-fly !' -Lumbermen play sad tricks to the negroes some times. At a coloured tea meeting, a lumberman slipped 'a plug ' of tobacco into the kettle, when an old negress who presided, called out, ' Mo water ! mo water ! toa 'trong for missa 'tomach.' Is there a word in the English lan guage that contains nil the vowels? There - is— unquestionably. - There is also one which contains them in the usual arUer—facetioxisly? . \ \ Wake up, here, and pay your lod gings, said the churchman as lfe. nudged a sleepy stranger witlithk contribution box. ......... , . In a monastry of tlie Levant, there is -a monk. thirty-five years .of age who ncversaw a woman. He has no recol-; lectton(of his mother.' : 1 A ' 'correspondent of ' Holden's Maga zine'" tells' an anecdote of an b'd woman who, when her pastor said to hor, Heaven has not deserted . you in your old age, replied, ' No, sir, .I.havca yery good appetite still.' a .- . Why are Cashmere shawls like deaf people ?r--Bccatisc you cannot , make them here. 1 ' Dickens, it is calculated, received 2s 6d for every word in his' last work,. ' 1 he Ghost's Bargain.' c;'dii which colour is a secret liest kept'? In violet (inviolate). ?ilvio Palico, the celebrated author, will; stand as a candidate at the next elections of Piedmont.' Hitherto lie' lias kepi aloof from all political affairs, An 'American 'paper liotes'a natural curiosity. A shoot of bitch sprang up near' a 'birch tree, inclined towaids it, and finally pierced its way into the full- grown trunk and became completely incorporated with it. Pope, the actor, who was very fond of the good things of this life, once when expatiating at table on the ex cellence of ham, said, — " Ham, Sir, is the same improvement upon bacon that steel is upon iron ; in fact, Sir, ham is the poetry of bacon," The Augusta Banner says, n farmer ploughing his A- Id at Lubec, Maine, struck' a leaden box or chest, which was found to contain ninety-six thoufnnd dollars in doubloons ! It is not known how the treasure came there. An old woman was lately found dead near Nenagh, aud a jury returned a verdict of " died of starvation.' Before her interment, however, the sum of 15s was found sewed up in one of her gar ments. The Chester Courant says of agri culture, — " It is curious that, wherever English is »pokcn the farming is very superior, and lias much progressed of late ; whereas in the Welsh parts little .improvement can by traced." A tinker pledged his budget, in Kilkenny last week, and then went his way. Soon after a squalling was beard, and it was discovered that the budget had — a child in it. The Paris .Yational, criticising a recent ' book, says, " We say it with regret, but after studying M. D'Arlin court's book, we find in Henry V. one fault ; he is too perfect — handsome, brave, generous, full of geniuB. What is wanting? Somo imperfection I No I he is not a man, lie is an angel and France is not worthy ot him, Let others more worthy possess him." Anijial and Vegetarle Diet. — England is the most flesh-consuming country in Europe, while its mmtaliiy is the smallest ; the duration of life being about a third longer than in Italy, where macaroni and oilier farm, iiceous substances form the staple d'et, and where milk, partly from deficiency of pasture, and , partly from prejudices, is little used. The Daily A'ctvs says " M, Theirs is afflicted just now with blisters on his tongue ihnt prevent him. from speaking. This may sepm to be an odd coincidence, hut there is no doubt of the fact.1' Tenant-Right. — Has a tenant nny right to burn holes in die chimntcy- piece (supposing it to bo of wood), in order to try experiments with reference to slow combustion ? — Hits a tenant any right, in the absence of another tenant, to use that absent tenant's razor for the opening of oysters ?— Has a tenant on the second fleor any right to water the mignionettc pats on the window-sills, while the tenant beneath happens to have his or licr head out ol his or her respective window ? Mahometan Lidies . Frbe from Restraint. — The women, instead of being kept in thnt strict restraint so generally imagined, arc in reality more free than in any continental connrty of western Europe. They repair to the mosques, range tbe bazaars, and ride into the country on pleasure parties in perfect liberty. Multitudes ot them of all classes go every Friday unattended to the valley of the Sweet Waters, five miles up the Golden Horn. I have been among them there, nnd have seldom beheld more unrestrained and yet innocent enjoyment. It is trite that Mahometnn females are not allowed to appear in public tin veiled ; but this is no great hnrdship, since the yushmce, which is of white muslin, is usually, especially if the face is pretty, so thin aud transparent thnt the features are easily disccrnable. Tbe Sultana frequently issues edicts prescrib ing the thickness of the veils ar.d the mode of wearing them ; but woman's will is the same everywhere, and tbe compliance is but temporary Besides this infringement of the natural rights of the female countenance is in a measure compensated by the privilege of arraying the bosom ad libitum in the fashion of the beauties, By Sir Peter Lely, " Whose drapery hmts we may adrnitc tlirm freely. It is true, that among Mahometans, women arc not ranked so high in the scale of creation as men ; but the pre. vailing idea, that females are here deemed to have no souls is a Strange mistake. Husbnnds may or may not. as they please admit tbeir wives to share with the hoiuics their love in the abodes of bliss hereafter; but the wives who are excluded are neither annihilated nor damned but co to dw ell in separate appropriate places of enjoyment — Scenes n the East. 