and confidence is in some measure restored, by the formal disavowal of the last article in the Aapoleon, in the Chamber, by the President of the Republic. The proposed modification of the electoral law fixes the a«e at which a man can vote at 25 instead of 2 1 . The other regulations will have the effect of almost de priving the army of the right of voting, and, it is thought, will reduce the total number of votes by about two millions. Xo change in the ministry is anticipated. The latest ac counts from the Saone et Loire state that the Democrats had polled 32,000, and the Mo derates 21,000 votes. An immense deal of business was done on the Bourse to-day, and the price of securities was better maintained than could have been expected. The election to the vacant seat in the Assembly, for which M. Leclerc and M. Sue were candidates, terminated in favour of the latter gentleman. The poll stood thus at the close : — For Eugene Sue ? 1 19,783 For Leclerc ? 1 13,804 SI'AI*. Accounts from Madrid to the 23rd April adil some particulars to a previous account of the intended flight of the King. The cause of this determination on the part of his Majesty is said to have been as follows : — On the 21st, tho King declared formally to the Queen that if she did not exercise her Royal prerogative by the dismissal of the Ministry, he should feel himself obliged to retire to Aranjuoz, in which case he would not even return to Madrid on the occasion of her Majcstv's accouchement, as he was resolved no longer to be a witness and a moral accomplice of the political servility in which the present Cabinet endeavoured to maintain the Crown. Queen Isabella observed to tho King that iu the political circumstances in which Europe was placed, it would be im prndent and inopportune to dismiss a cabinet, which had rendered important services to the country, and ?whose continuance in power would be a sure guarantee for tho maintenance of tranquillity at home and peace abmad. But the King turned a deaf ear to this, and insisted on the immediate dismissal of the ministers. Thereupon the Queen sent for General Narvaez, and told him that the remarks of tho King would not in duce her to dismiss her faithful servants, in whom she placed all her confidence ; adding that from this reso lution she gave the General full latitude to act as he might think fit for putting an end to the importuni ties of her royal husband. At midnight General Narvaez assembled his colleagues. The Council re mained in deiibeiation until 3 o'clock in the morning. At an early hour on the 22nd, all the issues from the Palace and the anti-chamber of the King were guarded by the halberdiers, and tho King became a prisoner in bis apartments. At about eleven o'clock in tho morning, the Council of Ministers again assembled in deliberation, at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and remained sitting to half-past one. Whilst the council was sitting, the Queen summoned her royal mother to the palace. At half-past four General Narvaez and the other miuisters were introduced to the Queen Isa bella. Queen Christina then had an interview with the King, and after a protracted conference succeeded in persuading him to attend the council. The ministers assured the King that all he had heard respecting their was unfounded in truth, upon which his Majesty ox pressed himself fully satisfied, and regretted deeply thai he ha-i btvn deceived. He then passed a high enconiun upon her Majesty's advisers, aud the reconciliatior having been effected, this .Royal-Ministerial fracas cam- to an end. SWEDEN. Letters from Stockholm mention the death of Sir Thomas Cartwright, her Britannic Majesty's minister at the Court of Sweden, which took place suddenly on the night of the 17th April. DENMARK. The report that the Schleswig-Holstein de putation has had an audience of the King is confirmed. The circumstance that this audience of the King is mentioned in the Official Gazette admits of a favourable construction as to the ultimate success of the mission. GREECE. The most contradictory reports and rumours are flying about Greece. The AHvemame Zeitung has letters from Athens of the lGth ultimo. The representative of Great Britain and the French mediator were as far from any thing like an understanding as they could possibly be. The negociations were discon tinued from the 1 3th to the loth ult., when Mr Wyse invited the French Ambassador to meet him again on board the French vessel V Inflexible. The result of their conference, which took place on the loth, was not known at Athens when the post left. A letter from Athens, dated I Rth April, states that a great number of conferences had taken place, without any result. Mr Wyse had agreed to wait till after the arrival of the steamer from France, before putting hostile measures into execution. The country con tinued in a most deplorable condition. KltA/.IL. Au awful fever raged at Rio. Bahia, and lVrnnmlmco. The deaths in Kio were from 100 to 200 a day, and the utmost terroi prevailed. THE 'ROYAL SHEPHERDESS,' FROM GLASGOW. By this arrival, which took place yesterday, we have British news to the 3rd May. Her Majesty was safely delivered of a Prince at seventeen minutes past eight o'clock on the morning ot Wednesday, the 1st May. 1 he Privy Councillors present were— the Duke of Wellington, Lord J. Russell, £ir G. Grey, the Archbishop «f Canterbury, the Bishop of London, the Duke of Norfolk, the Marquis of Breadalbane. The following bulletin was is sued at ten o'clock : — Buckingham Palace, Wednesday, Mav 1, 10 a.m; — The Queen was safely delivered of a Prince at seven teen minutes past ei^ht o'clock this morning. Her Majestv and the infant Prince are doing well. (Signed) JaGes Clark, M.D. Charles Locock, M.D. Robert Ferguson, M.D. At twelve o'clock it was stated at the Palace that her Majesty's health was progressing most favourably. A Privy Council was held, at three o'clock. Royal salutes were fired at the Horse Guards and the Tower. On the morninsr of the 2nd May the follow ing bulletin was issued : — Buckingham Palace, May 2nd, 9 a.m. The Queen has passed an excellent night. Her Majesty and the young Prince are going on favourably. (Signed) James Clark, M.D. Charles Locock, M.D. Robert Ferguson, M.D. In the House of Lords on the 2nd May : — Lord Lansdowne proposed a congratulatory address to her Majesty, on the birth of a Prince. The Duke of Richmond seconded the motion, 'which was unanimously agreed to. The Duke of Richmond presented a great number of petitions, upwards of 100, from many different parts of the country, complaining of agricultural distress, and praying for a return of protection. The noble duke made a strong speech upon the subject, and declared that free- trade was sweeping away the British farmers. The Dnke of Argyle, Lord Faversham, the Earl of St. Gennains, the Earl of Stradbroke, and Lord Vernon. each made a few observations upon the sub ject, after which the House adjourned. In the House of Commons on the same day: — An address of congratulation to Her Majesty was moved by Sir G-. Grey, and seconded by Sir R. Inglis. Lord R. Grosvenor moved the resumption of the ad journed debate upon his motion in February last for leave to fering in a Bill to repeal tho annual duty on attorneys' and solicitors' certificates. Sir F. Sheriffs supported the motion. The Chancellor of the Exchequer said, that as many taxes had been taken off as the state of the revenue would permit, he should therefore oppose the introduc tion of the Bill. The tax produced one million annually, and he could not afford to give up that amount. After a few words from Mr G. Mahon, the house divided, when the numbers were — For the motion, ? 155 Against it, ? 130 Majority, ? 10 Government was consequently defeated. Leave was grren to bring in the Bill. On the motion for going into Committee on the County Court Extens:on Bill, Mr Keogh moved that it be an instruction to the Committee to extend the Bill to Ireland ; but being opposed by Sir G. Grey, he with drew his motion, and the House went into Committee. The closing prices of the funds on the 2nd May were : — Consols for Account. 95| f. Do. Money, 95| |. 3£ per Cents., 97J. Exchequer Bills, large and small, 67 9 pm. From a Parliamentary return recently is sued, it appears that the highest stipend re ceived by the curates of churches in the diocese of St Asaph, Bangor, St David's, and Llandaff, is £150, whilst a great many of them are as low as £-10. There are several instances in which the whole of the curate's remunera tion is only £30 per annum. The Church and Slate Gazette announces that the rumoured changes in fhe education staff of the royal palace will not now take place. The 2nd May having been fixed for the hearing of any objections of the monition di rected to the Bishop of Exeter, calling upon him to send in the letters of instruction, in order that Mr Gorham might be inducted into the vicarage of Brampton Speke, the Arches Court was much crowded. Mr Bowdler, Mr Uorham's proctor, gave notice, that he should at once take the necessary proceedings for compelling the Bishop to answer the monition. 1 he Judge said — l: Very well, let that be done.' Mr Adams then rose, and, addressing the Judge, said, u I can assure you that there is not the slightest intention on the part of the Bishop to resist this montion; but there are very urgent reasons why he should not comply at present.' Here the matter dropped. The Bishop of Aberdeen sent to the Morning Chronicle the declaration of the Scottish Bishops with regard to the Gorham case, with the accompanying note to the Bishop of Bath and Wells. This declaration states that they do not consider the sentence in (he Gorham case as having any authority to bind them, or to modify in any way the doctrines which they and the Episcopal Church in Scot land hold, and have alway3 taught, respecting the nature of baptismal grace. They have always held, as they were taught by those who preceded them in the Episcopate, that the doctrine of the Church in Scotland is to be collected from the Scripture, the Creeds, the Articles, and other formularies of the Church jointly, and not from the Articles or formularies separately. They declare, then, that they teach, and always have taught, that ' Exeept a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God ;' or, as expressed in the office for Holy Baptism,^ ' None can enter the Kingdom of God, except he be regenerated and bom anew of water and ot the Holy Ghost.' The Clonmel Chronicle has the following dreadful details : — ' A tragedy of a most re volting nature took place in the military bar racks of this town on Monday evening last, the particulars of which are as follows: A private soldier of the 74th Highbinders, stationed here, named William Williams, a native of the County of Slisjo, while labouring under a fit of temporary insanity, put a period to his existence by shooting himself through the head, the ball going in at the temple and quite through the skull at the other side. The horror of this awful occurrence had scarcely subsided when, on the following morning, about a quarter past seven, whilst the men were on parade, a repetition of the same dreadful deed took place, the unfortunate suicide in this in stance being another private of the same regi ment, a Scotchman, named Duncan Love, by trade a tailor, who also drove a musket ball through his skull, entering one side and pas sing out at the other. Two such melancholy occurrences taking place in the same regiment in the space of a few hours, is, we believe, without a parallel ; and what makes the matter strange is the fact that the two unfortunate men had no acquaintance with each other. We understand that one of them was a man par ticularly characterised for sobriety, good con duct, and military discipline.' The working men of Edinburgh have en tered heartily into the movement for forwarding the Great Industrial Exhibition. On Tuesday, April 30, a numerously attended meeting of the iron trades took place in Dr Bell's school room, at which resolutions to support the ex hibition by subscriptions and every other effort were unanimously agreed to. A com mittee was appointed to carryforward objectsof the meeting; and altogether the greatest harmony prevailed. Corresponding commisslons have been formed in France. Russia, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Central Germany, Prussia, Bavaria, Hanover, Saxony, and all the minor states, Switzerland, Holland, Belgium, Spain, Sardinia, and the United States. AMERICA. We {Times) have been favoured with tha following intelligence, purporting to nave been forwarded by electric telegraph from New York to Halifax, and received at the North American and European Telegraph Agency Office, Liverpool : — 'We have just received an extraordinary telpgraphio despatch from New York, New Orleans, and Washing ton, via electric telegraph to Halifax, bringing news and dates considerably later than thoso brought by tho regular files and advices per steamer. By this means of communication our advices extend to New Orleans, April 18, 5 p.m. ; New York, April 19, 5 p.m. ; and from 'Washington to the evening of the 18th. The letter of our Halifax agent is as follows : — Commercial Telegraph-office, Halifax, N.S., April 19th, II o'clock, p.m. We have received, through the Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Halifax lines, exclusive intelligence from all parts of the American continent two and a-half days later than is embraced in the letters or papers that go to England by this week's steamer, a brief summary of which is herewith forwarded : — In the Senate of the United States on the 17th, during a debate on California and slavery, a violent altercation occurred between Benton and Foote, in the course of which Foote drew a pistol and aimed at Benton. F- otu was immediately disarmed, and a committee oi investi gation appointed. On the 18th, a resolution was passed in the Senafp. referring the whole question of California and the ter ritories to a committee of IS, to report a plan for com promise. The committee is not yet appointed. It is settled that the Cabinet will not be dissolved. FRANCE. We quote from a Glasgow paper of the 3rd May the lafest news from the French capital. It has been whispered in Paris that Louis Napoleon threatens to resign the Presidency if not strongly supported by the majority of the Assembly ; and such an event is believed by many. Such people say that this may be meant as the first move to seating Louis Nnpo leon, by the desire of the Parisians rather than hi.s own effort, more permanently at the head of the French Government, as the only alter native to another unsettled state of the Go vernment which would convulse the country and bring immediate ruin to the shopocracy of Paris. Eugene Sue, the Socialist, has triumphed over his moderate opponent, Lnclerc, by a majority of somewhere about 10,000 votes. One-half of the soldiers who voted supported the democratic candidate; hut it is remarked that about 1000 more of their number voted for M. Leclerc than for the candidate of the samp party at last election. The lesult of the election is pregnant with serious consequences. A crisis is evidently at hand, and it is feared the Government will be unable to meet it. With half of the army Socialist in principle, a military covp for the suppression of the ultra democratic party would be a hazardous attempt. To prognosticate events in the divided state of France is ridiculous. Whether a season of blood is to come, or whether Loius Napoleon is to wear the Imperial purple in order to save the country from itself, who can tell? That some great important change is imminent in the capital is the only certainty. The Con servatives appear to be much disheartened, while their opponents are proportionably elated. The Bourse has recovered from the panic, 