NEWSPAPER ANTECEDENTS. (From Dickens' Household Words.) Those in whom the appetite for news is very strong* must wonder how our forefathers existed without newspapers ; for so it hap pened that the lieges of these realms did get on very well wunout mem up i© meuap of the first of the Stuarts. But although they had no printed newspapers, they could not and did not do without news ; conveyed orally in the form of gossip, or by means of manuscript intelligencers. Friendly com munications containing the gossip of the town for the enlightenment of cousins in the country are as old as pen and ink, and much older than paper; for many, still extant in the British Museum, were written on vellum. By-and-bye, the writing of such letters be came a profession, and every country family of pretension, could boast of ' our own correspondent.' These writers were generally disbanded military officers, younger sons very much ' about town,' and, not un/requently, clergymen. Shirley in his ' Love Tricks'1 draws the portrait of one of these antecedents of the present race of Editors. «? Easparo. I tell you, Sir, I have known a gen tleman that has spent the best part of a thousand pounds while he was prentice to the trade in Holland, and but of three sheets of paper, which was his whole stock, (the pen and ink-horn he borrowed,) he set up shop, and spent a hundred pounds a-year. It has been a great profession. Marry, most com monly they are soldiers; a peace concluded is a great plague upon them, and if the war3 hold we shall have store of them. Oh, they are men wo*thy of commendation. They speak in print. ' Antonio. Are they soldiers P ' Eas. Faith so they would' be thought, though indeed they are but mongrels, not worthy of that noble attribute. They are indeed bastards, not sons of war and true soldiers, whose divine souls I honour, yet they may be called great spirits too, for their valour is invisible; these, I say, will write you a battle in any part of Europe at an hour's warning, and yet never set foot out of a tavern; describe you towns, fortifications, leaders, the strength of the enemy, what confederates, every day's march. Not a soldier shall lose a hair, or have a bullet fly between his arms, but he shall haye a page to wait on him in quarto. Nothing destroys them but want of a good memory, for if they escape contradiction they may be chronicled.' By the time James the First began to reign, this employment had so completely moulded itself into a regular craft, that news-writers set up offices and kept 'emis- saries,' or reporters, to bring them accounts of what was going on in various parts of the metropolis. These reporters were sifted, collected, and arranged by the master of the office, or ' Register,' who acted as Editor. To Nathaniel Butter, a news writer of that period, was the British public indebted for the first printed nevvsoaper. Ben Johnson in his ' Staple of News' gives a vivid picture of Mr. Butter's office before he took to printing. Enter Register and Nathaniel. Reg. What, are those desks fit now? Set forth the table, The carpet and the chair ; where are the News That were examined lasc? Have you rilled them up ? Nath. Not yet. I had no time. Reg. Are those News registered That emissary Buz sent in last night, Of Spinola and his eggs ? Nat fi. Yes, sir, and filed. Reg. What are you now upon ? Nath. That our new emissary Westminster gave us, of the golden-heir. Reg. Dispatch; that's news indeed, and of im portance — Enter a Country -woman. What would you have, good woman P Woman. I would have sir, A groat's-worth of any News. I care not what, To carry down this Saturday to our vicar. Reg. O I you are a cutter -woman ; ask Natha niel, The clerk there. Nath. Sir, I tell her she must stay Till emissary Exchange, or Paul's sent in, And then I'll tit her, Reg. Do, good woman, have patience ;' It is not now, as when the Captain lived ; You'll blast the reputation of the office, Now in the bud, if you dispatch these groats So soon : let them attend in name of policy. To have served his gaping customers too quickly, would have seemed as though the News was made instead of being collected ; so thought the Register. Hespecting the first English printed news paper, tie public have lain under a mistake for nearly a century. Some ten years ago, however, Mr. Thomas Watts of the British Museum exploded the long. prevalent fallacy that the 'English Met curie,' dated in 1588, was ihe original progeuitor of modern jour nals. A copy of such a paper exists in the Birch Collection ; but it is a manifest iorgt ry, me concoction ol which was traced to the second Lord Hardwicke. It pretends to give news from the expedition against the Spanish Armada ; but besides a host of blun ders in dates, it is printed on paper made posterior' to the date it bears. The truth is that no periodically printed newspaper ap peared till thirty years after. . When the reign of James the First was drawing to a close ; when Ben Johnson was poet laureate, and the personal friends of Shakspeare were lamenting his then recent death ; when ' Cromwell was trading as a brewer at Huntingdon; when Milton was a youth of sixteen, just trying his pen at Latin verse, and Hampden a quiet country gentle man in Buckinghamshire ; London was solicited to patronise its first Newspaper. There is now no reason to doubt that the puny ancestor of the myriads of broad sheets of our time was published in the metropolis in 1622, and that the most prominent of the ingenious speculators who offered the novelty to the world was Nathaniel Butter. His companions. in the work appear to have been Nicholas Bourne, Thomas Archer, Natheniel Newberry, William Sheffard, Bartholomew Downes, and Edward Allde. All these different names appear in the imprints of the early numbers of the first newspapers. Ihe Weekly Nuwes.* This prime, original progenitor of the acres of news which are now rolled out from the press failed, after many lapses and _struggles, chiefly occasioned by the Star Chamber. Its end was untimely. The last number appeared on the 9th of January, 1640. Could it have survived a little longer it might have run a long career, for the incubus which smothered it was itself stifled — the Siar Chamber was abolished in 1641\. - Butter's print was succeeded by a host of ' Mercuries,' but none of them were long lived. They were smarted for particular ob jects, to advocate certain views, and some times to circulate the likeliest lies that could be invented to serve the cause espoused. Each of these was laid down when its mis sion was accomplished. During the civil war, nearly thirty thousand journals, pam phlets, andpapars were issued in this manner. In the heat ot hostilities, each army carried its printing-press as part of its munitions of war. Leaden types were employed with as much rancour and zeal as leaden bullets, ! hese were often headed as News, such as ' Newes out of Worcestershire,' ' Newes of a bloody battle,' fought at such a place, &c.; In 1662 a regular periodical, called the ' Kingdom's Intelligencer,' was started, and in the following year the ' Intelligencer, published for the satisfaction and information of the people,' was set up by' Sir Roger L'Estrange. All these were superseded by a journal, which has stood its ground so well that the last number came out only yesterday. This was the 'Oxford Gazette,' set up in that city in 1665, and now known as the 'London Gazette.' For many years after the Resto ration this was the only newspaper ; the law restricted any man from publishing poli tical news without the consent ot the Crpwn. Charles and James the Second withheld that consent whenever it suited them, and put those who took '1'rench leave' into the pillory. As a specimen of a newspaper, when these restrictions were abated, after the flight of James - the Second, we may instance the ' Universal Intellige'ncer.' It was small io size, and meagre in contents. It appeared only twice a week, and consisted of two pages; that is to say, one leaf of paper a little larger than the page on which the reader's eye uow rests, and with hardly so much matter. The number for December 11,1688, boasts two advertisements. A small paragraph amongst its News describes the seizing of Judge Jet tries, in -his attempt to escape from the anger ot his enemies. Besides this interest ing morsel of intelligence, the paper has sixteen lines of News from Ireland, and eight lines from Scotland ; whilst under its .Sews of England, we have not very much more. One of the items tells us that 'on the 7th inst. the Prince of Orange supt at the Bear Inn, Hungerford.' There are other headings, such as 'Forrain News' and ' Domestick News.' Each item of in telligence is a mere skeleton — more i».i'ie nature of memoranda, or notification of events, than accounts of them. ' Further particulars' had not been invented then. By Anne's time, journalism had improved, and — when the victories of Marl borough and Kooke, the political contests of Godol phin and Bolingbroke, and the writings of Addison, Pope* Prior, Corigreve, fcteele, and Swift, created a mental activity in the nation which could not wait from week to week for its News — the first daily paper was started. This was the 'Daily Courant,' which came out in 1709. Other such journals followed ; but three years afterwards, they received a severe check by the imposition of the Stamp Duty. 'All Grub-street,' wrote Swift to Stella 'is ruined b.y the Stamp Act.' On the 7th of August, 1712, he writes:— ' Do you know that Grub-street is deaJ and gone list week ? No more ghosts or murders now for love or money. I plied it pretty close the last fortnight, and published at least seven penny papers of my own, besides some of other people's, but now every single half sheet pays a halfpenny to the Queen. ' The ? Observator* is fallen ; the ' Medleys' are jumbled together with the ? Flying Post;' the ? Examiner' is deadly sick ; the ? Spectator' keeps up, and doubles its price; I know not how long it will hold. Have you seen the red stamp the papers are marked with? Methinks it is worth a halfpenny the stamping.' Grub street was not, however, so easily pat down ; and from that time to the days of Dr. Johnson, newspapers had considerably increased in number and influence. In the Idler the Doctor says:— 'No species of literary men has lately been so much mul tiplied as the writers of the News. Not many years ago, the nation was content with one Gazette, but now we have not only in the metropolis papers for every morning and evening, but almost every large town has its , weekly' historian, who regularly circulates his periodical intelligence, and fills the villa gers of his district with conjectures on the events of war, and with debates on the true interests of Europe.' In Dr. Johnson s day, the newspaper press was fairly set upon its legs, and it has gone on with some few vicissitudes to its present condition. As illustrations of the the ante cedents of the modern newspaper, we now purpose giving, at random, a few curious extracts from the earliest of them. The ' Daily Courant,' dated March 1, 1711, contains the following announcement of a publication which is still read with de litfi.it., and which was destined to play an important part in the reform of the coarse social manners of the time. It runs thus . — ' THIS DaY IS PUBLISHED, 11 A paper entitled The Spectator, which will be continued every day. Printed for James Buckley, at the Dolphin in Little Britain, and sold by A.. Baldwin, in War wick- jane.' In the first number thus announced, which was written by Addison, the Spectator sayS : — ' As my friends have engaged me to siand in the front, those who have a mind, to correspond with me mav direct their letters to Mr. Buckley's, in Little Britain.' Hogarth never painted a more graphic picture of a horseman of the last century than that drawn in the Postman of Saturday, August 10, 1710. It is presented in the form a hue and cry after a stolen horse. ' A Full Face, Round shoulder Middle sized Man, with a light Bob Goat's Hair Wig, a snufF- colourea Secretary Drugget coat, the trimming the same colour, 2 waistcoats, one of Black cloath, the other blue, trimmed with silver lace, Black cloath breeches, a Mourning Hatband, wears a cane with a silver Head, mad to screw at the top, a sea-faring man, stammering in his speech, his name William Tun bridge but goes by the name of William Richardson, rode away from 7 Oaks in Kent the 20th of July last, with a Sorrel Horse full It hands high, a star in his forehead, white feet behind, high mettled, loth to hare his hind feet taken up, Bob Tail, a black saddle stitched with stiver, Tan Leather stirrup Leathers with a slit crupper buckled on the saddle with 2 buckles. Whoever gives notice of man or horse to Mr. Adams. Postmaster of Seven Oakes, shall hare a guinea reward and reasonable charges.' The ' Daily Courant' of Thursday, March 15, 1711, puts forth the announcement of a performance at the Hay market Theatre, on the 1st of April, to which the Bottle Conju ror's promised feat must sink into a mere common occurrence. A gentleman was to sup off several children 'to. the music of kettle drums.' The same advertisement appeared in the Spectator on the day after, namely, Friday, March 16: — ' On the first of April will be performed at the play house in the Hay Market an Opera called the Cruelty of Atroeus. N. B. The scene wherein Tbyesies eats his own children is to be performed by the famous Mr. Psalmahazaar. lately, arrived from Formosa, the whole supper being set to kettle drums.' Scattered through the journals of 1712 are advertisements of a patent medicine, which has riot wholly ceased to be imbibed by the ailing of 1&50\. The - Spectator of April 18th has it thus:— ' Daffy ,s famous Elixir Salutis prepared by Cathe rine Daffy, the finest now exposed for sale, prepared from the best drugs and the original receipt which my Father Mr. Thomas Daffy, having experienced tue virtues of it imparted it to Mr. Anthony Daffy who published the same to his own great advantage. This very original receipt is now in my possession, left me by my father under his own bond. My brother Mr. Daniel Daffy, late apothecary in Nottingham, made this Elixir from the same receipt and sold it there during his life. Those who know me will be lieve me, and those who do not know me may be con vinced I am no counterfeit by the colour, taste, smell and just operation of my Elixir. Sold at the Hand and Pen, Maiden-lane, Covent Garden; Lon don, and in many other places in town and country.' Mist's weekly journal of Saturday, March 6th, 1725, contains an artful paragraph most likely emanating from a despairing author whose play had not succeeded :—? ♦'.Mrs. Graspall, who has been our customer two years, desires us to inform the masters of Drury lane playhouse, that if they please to ulay the comedy, called A Wife to be Let, within ten days, thej will oblige her and a great many of the quality to whom she has communicated her design.' . We find by subsequent numbers that Mrs. Graspall's request was not complied with. There is an anecdote of historical interest in the St. James's Evening Post of Sept. 17th, 1734, It relates to the Chevalier St. George, afterwards the rash but chivalric ' Pretender' to the British throne. It ap pears that when the Spaniards made the Conquest of Italy, and were sailing for Sicily, the Chevalier was on board one 'of their ships with the young King of Naples, the latter, doubtless, a prisoner : — ' When the fleet set sail,' says the ? special corres pondent,' 'a blast of wind blew the young Chevalier St. George's hat of his head into the sea. Imme diately there were several officious enough to endea vour to take. it up ; but the younv Chevalier called out, Let it alone, let, it alone ; I will go and get another in England. Whereupon the young King of Naples threw Ins hat into the sea, and said, and I will go along with you. But they may happen to go bare headed a long time ; if they get no hats till they come amongst you : for we are well assured that they will find, none in England that will fit their heads.' . The designs of young Charles Edward must have been deeply rooted to have been entertained so early — lor he was then only fourteen years old — and so long before they were fulfilled. At the end of his '45 adven tures, he did indeed go bare-headed for months without a hat or a roof to cover him. The Daily Post of Thursday. August 17th, 1738, must be a priceless treasure in the eye of the collector for two remarkable paragraphs with which it is enriched. On one of them was iounded the most pathetic and popular of Scott's novels — lhe 1 eart of Mid Lothian. The story of the girl *' of a fine soul,' even as told by the paragrapList is touching. 8 he communication is dated 'Edinburgh, August 20th, 1738.' ' Isabel Walker, under sentence of death at Dum fries for child-murder, hns actually got a remission. This unhappy creature was destitute of friends, and had none to apply for her but an only sister, a girl of a tine soul, that overlooked the improbability of success, helpless snd alone went to London to address the Great, and solicit so well (sic) that she got for her, first, a reprieve, and now a remission. Such another instance of onerous friendship can bcarcel)e suowh ; it wpiI deserves the attention of the greatest who could not but admire the virtue, and on that ac count engaged in her cause.' The other paragraph records the death of Joe Miller, posthumous sponsor or the most profitable jest bock ever published. He was as innocent of it as an_y one of the jokes ; the collection — having been benevolently made by his friend Jack Mottley for the benefit of Miller's widow — eventually proved to be the best benefit ever known in the theatrical world. The obituary is brief but complimentary : — ' Yesterday morning died Jo : Miller, Comedian, of merry memory. Very few of his profession have gained more applause on the stage, and few have acted off ir. with so much approbation from their neighbours.' lhe London Daily Post (there were three ' Posts' in those days) of the same date gives more information on the mournful sub ject. It says: — ' Yestei day. morning died of Pleurisy, Mr. Joseph Miller, a celebrated Comedian belonging to tbe Theatre Roval in Drury Lane ; much admired for his performances in general, but particularly in the character of Teague, in The Committee, or the Faith ful Irishman.' The papers from which this melange of ex tracts has been culled are pigmies beside the present race of Giants. There is about as much matter in a single modern London morning newspaper as was contained in a year's contents ot the Postman, before it had two leaves. To present the contrast between to-day's monster of the pi ess and their ante cedents the more forcibly, we shall conclude with an extract from a paper recently read by Mr. fci. Lowper, at the Institution of Civil Engineers, relative to the Times : — ?? On the 7th of May, 1850, the Times and Sup plement containing seventy- two columns, or 17,500 Hues, made up of upwards of a million pieces Of type, of which matter about twe-flfths were written, composed, and corrected after seven o'clock in the everting. The Supplement was sent to presa at 7 50 p.m., the first form of the paper at 4 15 a.m., arid the second form at 4 45 a.m., on this occasion, 7000 papers were, published before 6 15 a.m., 21,000 papers before 7 30 a.m., and 34,000 before 8 45 am., or in about., four hours. The greatest number of copies ever printed in one day was 54,000, and the greatest quantity of printing in one daj's publica tion was on the 1st of March, 1848, when the paper used weighed - 7 tons, the weight usually required being 4£ tons ; the surface to be printed every night, including the Supplement, was 30 acres ; the weight of the fount of type in constant use was 7 tons ; and 110 compositors and 25 pressmen were constantly employed.' : At the beginning of the reign of Queen Anne, we question whether so many opera tives as are now required, with the help of its extraordinaay machinery, to produce the ' Times,' found employment on the whole then existing newspaper press. 