ABSTRACT OF SALES BY AUCTION. MR. J.W. BELL.—At his mart, at twelve o'clock, a variety of merchandise. MR DALMAHOY CAMPBELL—At the horse and carriage repository, Lonsdale-street, at one o'clock, the thorough-bred race-horse Merino. ST. GEORGE'S DINNER—A very large assemblage of the sons of St. George, did charac- teristic honour, to their Patron Saint, by eating a good dinner last evening at the Queen's Theatre. Various toasts and speeches occupied the time till a very late hour, but we will endeavour to report the proceedings pretty fully, in our next issue. SUICIDE.—A young female who re- sided at Richmond, named Alice Ball, committed suicide yesterday afternoon by throwing herself into the river Yarra, near Captain Howie's, above the tannery. Two men in the service of Captain Howie, saw the woman plunge into the river, but neither of them being able to swim they could render but little assistance. The body has been recovered, and an inquest will be held to-day BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. The weekly meeting of the Committee was held on Friday. Present.— C. H. Ebden, Esq. Chairman, Messrs Robinson, Hodgson, Guthridge, Lynch, Balbirnie, and Highett. Tenders for Fencing in the Ground granted as the Site were opened from W. Strandberg, Benjamin Burman, and Andrew Welsh. This con- tractor was known to the committee as a good workman. The others were strangers to the committee, and not having bound themselves to accept the lowest tender it was moved by Mr Hodgson, and seconded by Mr Guthridge, that the tender of Mr Welsh be accepted as far as regards the fencing and posts, and the con- sideration of the gates to be deferred for the present—carried. Moved by Mr. Hodgson, seconded by Mr. Robinson—That the thanks of this meting be given to Mr. Osborn, the cabinet-maker, Collins-street, for his liberal con- tributions to the Fancy Bazaar—carried. Moved the thanks of this meeting are due, and are hereby given to one and all who have kindly contributed to the Bazaar, and thus materially advanced the interests of the Benevolent Asylum.—carried. The chairman stated that His Honor the Superin- tendent replied, favourably to his application for certain sums to be placed on the Estimates for 1851 in aid of the Benevolent Asylum. The chairman also, intimated that the sub-committee would probably give in their report respecting plans next week, being about to call for estimates. The Secretary reported, that a subscription of 2l. 10s. had been forwarded from Bullock Creek, collected by Mr. Campbell. The meeting adjourned till Friday, 26th April, at 2 P.M. ALLEGED ASSAULT ON BOARD THE 'RELIANCE —The complaint of a young woman named Catherine Carew, an emigrant by the 'Reliance,' against the Captain, Doctor, and Mate of that vessel, was disposed of yesterday. The case has been three times before the police bench and the facts elicited have already been made public. The girl complained that she was assaulted; that while sitting on the deck the mate seized her arms, the captain put irons on her, and the doctor cut her hair off. The facts are not denied, but the defence was that her im- proper conduct rendered such treatment necessary for the preservation of discipline on board the vessel. Dr. Sullivan, colonial surgeon, was ex- amined yesterday, and the substance of his evi-. dence was, that in his opinion the means resorted to were not justified nor warranted by the instruct- tions of the Commissioners, by which surgeons- superintendent and captains of emigrant vessels are supposed to be governed. Witnesses were also called to show that the complainant was in the habit of talking and mixing with the sailors, which was contrary to the regulations, that com- plaints had been made to the doctor that she had been insolent and used improper language. The bench, consisting of Mr. Sturt, Mr. Westby, Captain Moir, and Captain Dana, after some deliberation delivered their decision as follows, that in their opinion, so far as Captain Osborne and Mr. Day, the surgeon-superintendent, were concerned, they had exceeded their authority, but it did not appear they had acted in a tyrannical manner towards the emigrants, and therefore they should not inflict a heavy penalty. The mate, Mr. Henry Watts, they conceived acted under the orders of the captain and therefore dismissed the charge so far as he was concerned, but adjudged the captain and doctor to pay a fine of £3 each, with 7s. 6d. costs. THE CIRCULATION CHALLENGE.—We are again attacked by the Herald upon a subject which we fancied had been found to be quite a sufficiently tender one to be avoided if possible; namely, the comparative circulation of the two papers. In that style of peculiar elegance upon which he builds his very slender claim to "respectability," he first speaks of having proved a long list of crimes against this poor journal, and as having shown "its egregious folly, its vulgar meanness, its low cunning, its despicable fraud, and its empty boasting;" and he then refers to the fact of our never having condescended to notice his answer to our challenge. Answer, be it observed, not acceptance! We did not notice that intelligent production, simply because we did not conceive that it deserved it, and having by a plain and distinct offer, made the whole question of the relative positions of the various papers entirely intelligible to every man who was capable of forming an opinion, we conceived that we might possibly fill our paper with some- thing as interesting as continued Io Pæans over a vanquished foe. However, that our silence may not be misinterpreted, we look back to this notable production, which we have half a mind to immortalise by transferring it to our own columns, as a specimen of the sort of food dished up to Herald readers. That journal does not accept our challenge, because it is quite content with its list of subscribers as it stands; because it is content to leave us the task of ex- posing our own weakness; because it cannot see what right we have to pry into other concerns than our own; because if we wish our subscribers to be known, we can publish them for ourselves; and because if we should be the losers we should not be able to pay. In putting forward these as the reasons for non-acceptance of our challenge, the Herald is guilty of five separate falsehoods; for which we will substitute one plain truth. He does not accept of our challenge simply because he dares not, knowing perfectly well that his circulation is not only smaller than our own, but so much smaller as not to afford him the very ghost of a chance. If in any quarter of the city there should be even a little boy who is imposed upon by the ridiculous reasons assigned for the refusal of the challenge, all we say, is, that he must be a very stupid little boy indeed. 