NEWS FROM THE INTERIOR. CAMDEN. CHURCH OP ENOLAND SCHOOL. TUB foundation stone of a school-house, in con- nexion with the Church of England, was Inidin Camden yesterday (July 1) by the Lord Bishop of Sydney, on land given by the Messrs. Mac- arthur for Church purposes. A large concourse of persons was present-among whom were most of the ladies and gentleman of the dis- trict, the assemblage comprised not only tho friends and supporters, and existing schools of the denominational system, but the friends and supporters of the national schools of Camden, together with the teachers and children of that school, now numbering 108 scholars. After prayers, the Bishop laid the stone, and deli- vered an address, which we give below : The BISHOI- said, the occasion which brings rae among you to-day is a most interesting one. Indeed I might even say that it is next to im- possible thero should bo nny which could exceed it in importance. My object i«, as you have been already informed, to lay in your pre- sence the foundation of a school to be built in this place, wherein all the branches of sound and useful instruction may be cultivated ; and beside«, the principles of Christian faith, as held and taught in the Church of England, will be constantly and sedulously inculcated. The circumstance which has given rise to this undertaking are the following. It was reported to m2, by the gentlemen forming the Local Board, that owing to the inconvenient and in- sufficient character of the building used ns a school-house, not only were great impediments offered to the proper training and teaching of tho children, but that the health of the master's family was impaired by confinement to such small and close apartments. AB a consequence of this, the numbers of children in the school had much decreased, and the master had re- signed. After a careful consideration of all that was thus reported to me, I felt a conviction that unless somo bettor and more commodious premises could be supplied, the maintenance of the Church of England School must be impossible. Hence arose the design of the opening act of which I have come among you this day, I reflect very often that whatever community a man may lipe in, he ought anxiously to seek ita welfare, and to have a lively concern for it ; and every day ask himself wh*t he can do, within the1 tphere of his proper employment, to serve and to assist his country. Whether he livo in an empire or in a colony is no matter. No good man, I feel assured, can wrap himself np in un- concern as to what befáis those among whom he lives : and looking upon the subject from this point of view, I profess that I do not dis- cover in what manner, continuing within my proper sphere of action, I could do any thing more clearly to show my earnestness for the public good, or anything which can more effectually promote it, than by coming hither to-day to perform this duty. I am about to ley the foundation of a school, destined for those purposes which have been already de- scribed. It is to be a school inclose connexion with that Church, that noble Church, I may with propriety call it, which is looking down upon me where I stand ; and let me ex- press a hope that the sohool when completed may continue in firm alliance with Church principles which it is founded to promote, and may never be accounted to castdiscreditupon the sacred connexion into which it hw been admit- ted. The only objection which I have ever heard urged with any appearance even of force, against evcy undertaking of a similar charac- ter with the present, has proceeded upon the ground that by thus insisting upon a constant introduction and assertion of the religious per- suasion held by the-Chuich of England, would narrow our operations unnecessarily, and pro- voke opposition ; and that for the sake of peace and greater usefulness we should modify our system as to admit the introduction of othprs who hold opinions differing from ours. In other words, this argument means, if it be car- ried out to its full extent, that we must con- sent to a suppression of all religious opinions within our school, and for the sake of peace so teach that it may be open for the admission of all. In the fitst place, I request your attention to a very remarkable fact, that the first suggestion of a scheme of education conducted upon this neutral system proceeded from one of the most subtle and dangerous adversaries that Christ- ianity has ever had to encounter. The Emperor Julian, who on account of his desertion of the faith of the Gospel was named the Apostate. Hi, assuming an air of great forbearance, and pretending to be animated only by a great dislike of controversy and of the practice of Christians in maintaining the exclusive truth of their own principles, devised this scheme. He would not persecute or torment, but on the contrary laid down as his first principle the right ot every mau to entire freedom of opi- nion for himself, so as not to interfere with others. His object was to undermine and subvert the Church of Christ ; and to effect this insidiously. He prohibited Christian* therefore from keeping any schools in which their scriptures should be read, or the doc- trines of their£faith be explicitly or exclusively taught He permitted them to frequent none but the general schools of philosophy, in which the most perfect instruction in all kinds of human learning was to be* obtained ; but upon no other condition than that a perfect neutra- lity upon every point of faith should be main- tained ; and that if any one should insist upon keeping up the distinction between him*el fas a Christian and the great bulk of the scholars who were heathens, the door should bo clojed against his admittance. It was the severest and most dangerous trial that Christianity had ever yet experienced. His professions were specious, but his real object was to un- dermine and subvert the Gospel ; and this was the course which he pursued as most effec- tual for his purpose. God forbid that I should impute any such purpose to thoso who now-a days contend in like manner for a suppression and exclusion of all doctrinal teaching from our schools. They have, I ara sure, no such intention ; but yet, against their intention, the effect may nevertheless follow : for I cannot think it possible that a course of proceeding adopted by Julian should thus work danger to ' the Church of his day, and that a principle I very similar should be acted upon, whatever the intention may be, without exposing the Church of the present day to a corresponding dangers. I Suppose, however, thai we were to consent to the introduction of this generalized system of religious instruction into the school whioh I am now founding, how could we do so without contradicting the express tormB of the baptis- mal service, wherein it is said to the god- fathers and godmothers of all who are grafted into tho body of Christ's Church, "chiefly ye shall provide that this infant may learn the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the Ten Commandments ; and all other things which a Christian ought to know and be- lieve to his soul's health, and that ho be further instructed in the Church Catechism set forth for that purpoae." If these things be not taught in the school, how, when, or where, to the greater number of chil . dren, can they be taught at all? Are their pa- rents to teach them? We know from every day experience that they cannot and do not teach them. Indeed this observation refutes itself: for the only reason why schools are maintained at the public charge is that there will otherwise be no general education at all. If parents in general who belong to the Church of England would instruct their children in re- ligious truths and duties, it might be well ; but wo know it is not done at home j and if, therp fore, you exclude it from the school, there will { be very little of such teaching any where. Others say to us, why do you insist upon the introduction of prnyer into your schools, when you know that there are so many who will not join with you, and who on that ground forsake | your duty ? Wo say, that prayer for God's blessing upon every undertaking ia so-sacred a duty, that we cannot ven'ure to dispense with it in so important a case as that of youthful education. The necessity of omitting it would be, we think, a sufficient condemnation of our ( entire system, for we cannot venture to hope that children accustomed from the dawn of reason to an ungodly practice, can ever bo brought up securely " to lead a godly and religious life." Our rule in this and in every caRe is the authority of Holy Scrip- ture, in which are contained all things neces- sary to salvation. Our pledge-the pledge which has to bo given on behalf of all who are baptized is, as has been seen, very extensive - " that the child shall learn all things necessary to hi* soul's health." To furnish him with this instruction we open the volume of Scrip- ture, and place it in all its fulness before the learner. And how can we act otherwise with- out contradicting the Word of God, which says -" All Scripture given by inspiration of God is profitable for instruction in righteous- ness." Not a part of Scripture, but all. If we were to agree that all except a part should be withheld, do we mean to maintain that this part can convey to all a knowledge of spiritual truth not inferior to that which the entire Book would communicate? Why, then, was the' entire Book ever written ? If we were to per- mit an abbreviated or mutilated copy to be used instead ofthat which is perfect, arid this ques- tion were to be asked us, what answer could we return ? If one of the Gospels convey a knowledge of all that is necessary to salvation, why should four have been written ? If with- out injury to him wo may confine the learner to au abridgment of the Bible, we say in effect that wo are wiser than God ; and pronounce much of the work of tho Holy Spirit to have been superfluous in occasioning so much more to be recorded than wc think is required to im- part a full acquaintance with all necessary truth. But to bring tho question to a point, let mr- atk, can such an abridgment of Scripture aífjrd a full exposition of the articles contained in the Creed, the belief of.'which is necessary to salvation ? When we are shut out too from the use of catechetical instruction, and from giving any except the moât limited explanation of the text, what could we look for if we were to adopt such a system in this school ? Winn Je-uis asked how he, as tho son of David, eoul'l bo his Lord ? the common people, we read, " heard him gladly." Upon what ground then, could we justify withholding from the common people a full exposition of this text, if they desire to have it, merely because although the words of the text may be admitted, not a remark may be made upon it. If Jesus added to the Churoh them that are saved, and none can be saved but in the Church, what satisfac- tory reason can be given why wo should not explain to those who belong to UB and look up to us as their teachers, what is the nature of the Church of Christ. Why may we not instruct in what is meant by " except a man be bom of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God ?" or why should that declaration be never even read-" In the be- ginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and tho Word was God" ? It is urged upon us that we ought to yield our peculiarities, as they are called, and not suffer them to be insisted on ; because, hy so doing we should promote peace, and unite all in one body, and put an end to the hostility and dis- cord which our present system gives rise to. In reply, we say, first, that it would not be lawful for us to suppress or endanger truth, even for the sake of peace. Again, we deny the existence of any such feelings of hostility and discord existing among us. 1 can testify, from persoual knowledge, that they are not en- tertained in any degree by those who are the warmest advocates and supporters of the prin- ciple upon which our schools are now con- ducted. And is it so clpar, that if we were to admit a different principle it would operate in the way expected. I must recal to recollection that a system nearly, if not quite, identical has been now established in the schools of Ireland supported at the public expense for the lnst twenty years. I appeal, then, only to ordinavy experience, and a common acquaintance with events, for information, whether the Irish sys tem has produced the effect imputed ; and if so, to what extent ? Will any one say that it has succeeded in abating religious discord-in soothing animosity-in creating a charitable feeling on religious subjects-or in inducing and prevailing on those who have been taught under it to combine in brother-love and unani- mity ? Inquire who will give us assurance of this ? And I beg you to remember that this system has had full time to display ita true character and effect. It has been twenty years in operation, and therefore the entire active population of the country at this moment may be said to have been brought up under its in- fluence. Has that influence, then, produced such fruits as Bhould make us forward in agree, ing that a similar system should be introduced into any schools over which we have any con- trol or right of direction ? ' All these things make me return with greater satisfaction to our own principle, and to adhere more firmly to it, I will endeavour briefly to describe it. Our object is to awaken the minds of the young to a perception of their own ability, and to en- courage them to make a sober and religious use of it.- At the first step we place in their hands the key of knowledge, for so I call the acqui- sition of the art of reading, because it opens to them a wide door, and introduces them to an extended range of useful information, which improves their reason and corrects their judg- ment, and encourages the learner to employ the faculties which he then for the first time becomes conscious of possessing. We desire that they should know something of the worll beyond that limited portion of it which they inhabit ; and in bursting the fe;ters of ig- norance should be released from a narrowness of conception which is produced by the con- stant confinement of the thoughts to those objects alone which are conveyed to them by their bodily senses. We are anxious they should, form some acquaintance with the climes and regions of the earth, and with its natural products ; and with this we would combine historical knowledge; a knowledge of the great events and eminent charade s in the history of all the celebrated na'ions who have dwelt upon the face of it. We would train and assist them to penetrate even the mysteries of nature as they are unravelled by science, even though it may be but superficially. They should tface the wonders of creation ; and from the consider- ation of them be taught to nscend to the con templation of the divine power and greatness of Him whose hand had made and fashioned all these things. In a word, it is our desire that there be no stint of any kind or degree of knowledge which can be useful to them in the station of life which they are to occupy. And our hope is, that a generation thus trained may be qualified to fulfil use- fully and satisfactorily the duties' whioh when they attain to man ' and womanhood they will be summoned to discharge. Being freed from the chains of ignorance, we trUBt they will be ' rescued from its attendant evils ; from the coarse and sordid habits which are too fre- quently characteristic oí the uneducated indi vidual, and assuredly prevail in every un- educated community. But remember that these are but worldly objects, and the attain- ment of them is sought by worldly means ; and if we go no further than this, the experiment will terminate in producing a race of worldly minded men. But the weapons of our warfare are not carnal. It is not our duty or business to make worldly wise, but to make wise unto salvation. We aro contending indeed for tri* objects which I havo spoken of, for they are in their degree good and excellent ; but we must aim at something higher and better in combi- nation with them. Wc know too well that improvements in civilisation, increased refine- ment, wider expansion of intellect, and superior ingenuity, may prove but a snare to the possessors, may prove a curse to society at large, if they prove to be but the inlets to crime of deeper die, and vice moro extended in opera- tion, to fraud more artful, and in the same decree more dangerous. And these effects we know will follow upon instruction not under the guidance end control of religious principle: that is, unless the spirit of wilful ness be chastised, and the proud heart reduced, and the sprouting germs of worldliness checked in their growth by the influence of a higher knowledge and a purer philosophy than all the resources of human wit and wisdom can sup- ply. I mean tho correcting and cleansing influence of pure religi'n and undefiled; the spirit of the Gospel of grace and truth, and the influence of the Church, with all their purify- ing principles and holy habits, in inseparable alliance with every advance which.the learner is taught to make in secular learning. It will be said, and I know it is said, thatsuih ad- vancement in the knowledgo of spiritual truth is beyond the capacity of children, suoh as aro maintained in our parochial schools. I am aware, and freely admit, that in a great many instances it is so. But in every assemblage of children that has lallen under my observa- tion, it has appeared to me that there are some marked out as it were from the beginning lor a higher advancement, who seem to delight in the savour of these divino truths, which they eagerly imbibe, and apply, as if they were indeed filled with the Holy Ghost even from | their mother's womb. Wore it on no account but theirs, I would not willingly surrender , the advantage and the blessing of that full and perfect measure of religious instruction whioh is afforded by free use of the Scriptures, i the Creeds, the Catechism, tho Liturgy, and habits of devout daily and united prayer. I ' would not take the children's bread from them because there may be others who cannot be nourished by it : but if it must be so, let us retain these promising children under the true rule of Christian doctrine, even if it were ne- cessary in doing so to surrender the possession of all who are not thus minded. But it is not necessary. There will be always found many, who though not to be classed with this, the highest order, are yet ci pable of deriving much solid advantage from the system of reli- gious teaching for which we thus earnestly contend. Our evident duty is to have a con- cern for every immortal soul committed to our charge; and " never to cease our labour, care, and diligence, until we have done all that lieth in us according to our bounden duty, to bring them all unto that agreement in the faith and knowledge of God, and to that ripeness and perfectness of age in Christ, that there be no place left among them either for error in re- ligion, or for .viciousneas of life." This is the only safe and sufficient principle accord- ing to which a system of General Education can be conducted. Let this have but a fair tria', and it will not fail, through the attendant blessing of God, to bring up the generations which aro yet to come in dutiful allegiance to their sovereign, in unfeigned communion with this Church, and in brotherly love and Chris- tian charity one towards another. And now, my brethren, as nothing can prosper without the favour and protection of the Almighty, and as we may here without offence unite, in obe- dience to the divine command, in supplication for those blessings, accompany me, I pray you, in the petition which I shall now offer to God, beseechiug him that his grace may accompany the progress of the work which we have this day begun, and mercifully conduct it to such a termination as shall fulfil -bur devout desires, and gratify our expectations of extended be- nefit to those Who shall assemble here for the attainment of useful instruction, and that they may be led into the paths of heavenly wisdom, and guided in the paths of Godliness and truth.--Let us pray : O God, our refuge and strength, who art the author of all Godliness, Be ready, we beseech Thee, to hear the devout prayers of thy Church ; and grant that those things which we ask faithfully we may obtain effectually, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. After the ceremony refreshments were dis- tributed by the clergy to the children of the denominational schools, and 'the assemblage dispersed. It was a delightful day, and quite a holiday. -'""'? Tho wholo month of June has been, with us, showery, and, upon the whole, warm for winter, consequently vegetation has re- sumed its power, and not only do the fields look greener and more beautiful than for several former years, but the grass actually grows in the pasture lands j the river and ponds are also full of water, and the epidemu among cattle has greatly decreased. No doubt hay will be more plentiful and cheap, and there will be an early mowing time- for already rrfany of the crops are so rank that they are obliged to be cut, and are sold for green fodder. Swedish turnips are more plentiful than in former years. We are glad to see our farmers turning attention to this valuable vegetable so long neglected. Potatoes continue scarce, and sell re»dily at 4s. Gd. per cwt. The business in our Police Court does not show increase of crime-the time of the Benches, particularly at Campbelltown, being taken up with petty assault cases, and the brawls of angry Appin Irishmen and women of three cases there are quite enough to occupy the time of both the magistrates and the ministerial officers-offences of deeper dye rarely occur-the only instance worthy of notice, being a case of stealing in the dwelling house of the Reverend Thomas Hassall, nt Denbigh, while the family were at Church last Sunday week, by some persons, as yet unknown, who entered at tho windows and ransacked several room'», carrying away some apparel, a silver watch, and a double-barrell-d fowling piece. It is quite probable that the perpetrators do not reside fur from the spot. The pol'ce are on the alert. Neither is our district fertile in accidents, the most prominent being a case of a young man named William Boyd, residing at Cam- den, who was lately thrown from his horse, which reared and fell on the top of him—con- cussion of the brain was produced by the fall, and the poor fellow never recovered, although all was done for him which circumstances rendered possible ; he died in about forty- eight hours, having remained during the in- terval in a state of rigidity. Our neighbour of Picton, who writes in the Sydney Morning Herald, appears to be labouring under some mistake respecting the Warden's appropriation of the public money in the repair of the roads. It ia well known that, with the sum entrusted to him, that gentleman (acting not as a Warden, but as a private magistrate, who undertook a thankless duty for the public benefit), lepaired in the first instance, those parts of the road most dis- tant from his own property, afterwards the Rizorback Range, then the portion which tra- verses the Camden estate, and not until now, after his attention has been repeatedly directed to the subject, both privately and in the public print, that part which passes through the Village of Camden. Doubtless, the roads are bad everywhere after so much rain as we have had lately, and people who drive hard inuBt now and then, in such circums'ances, expect a capsize-in which case doubtless also they feel very angry._ 