WONDERS AND MIRACLES. Spirits are reported to have manifested themselves in the State of New York, with a rapid increase of that invisible population. In its present aspect the case is a sort of multiplication of the Cock Lane Ghost ; but it is remarkable for its duration, its wide geographical distribution, and its connection with the questionable facts of mesmer ism. The manifestations began about two years ago in " a cause of " Western New York and in the shape of ' a simple hollow rapping" which could be traced to no visible rapper. The neighbours assembled sometimes to the numbers of three hundred ; searched from garret to cellar, investigated, and finally listened in passive wonder. The invisible rapper was found to be significant in the noises, and also a responsible being, inasmuch as answers wore given to questions ; the ages of children wore cohntcd correctly in raps ; a child who snapped her fingers thrice, was answered by three raps ; and it was soon dis- covered that raps in reply to questions, bore an affirmative meaning. But the rapper proved a scholar apt at the horn, hook : — " The question was put, ' Are you a spirit ? The answer given was by rapping — three raps. By this means they found that it purported to be the spirit of a man. Many expedients were resorted to by which to find out the name of the inn it whose spirit was making these manifestations. At length a stranger asked, if I will call the alpha- bet, beginning with A, will you rap when I come to the first letter of his name the answer was in the affirma- tive. The stranger then commenced A, B, C, ; when he came to C, there was a rap ; again he went on, and it rapped at H ; and in that way he spelt the name of 'Charles Rasne' As before stated these sounds have from that time been heard in various families in that place, and the cities of Auburn and Rochester, and various places in the country. Although confined to this rapping sound, the mode of communi- cation has gradually improved, so that many very curious and astonishing sentences have been spelled by the use of the alphabet. It no longer purports to be the spirit of one man or person but when an individual makes the en- quiry, " Who is it that wishes to com- " municate with me." they will gcneraliy get the name of some friend or icintive —a mother, father, sister, or brother, who has passed from visible existence. Many persons have made the trial, and have had names spelled to them -of their frienda, unknown' to any persons present. Strangers have tried it, and had their names spelled out, before any person present knew it, or where they came from. Iu each family were the sounds app-ar, there seems to be some one or two whose presence is necessary to ensure commu nications freely. Generally we find that these persons are susceptible to magnetic influences, and clairvoyant, although we have heard it where there were none that had ever been magne t's d or were known to be clairvoyant." About a year ago, this new sect of Rappites became known to the editor of the "New York Tribune," a Fuurie- rist journal, and the journalist was re- uuceu to a state ot provisional uoitet in the genuineness of what he witne- sed, nntii it should be contradicted. Early in November last he received "a mes sage," that the manifestations must be made mure public; and the editor obligingly p'aced himself at the disposal of the invisible correspondent ; under whose "directions" a public lecture ou the manifestations was delivered in the Corinthian Hall of Rochester, on the 14th November ; a committee was ap pointed. and next evening the commit tee made a report on the alLir. To the questions of this cointnit'ee, it seems, the answers " were not altogether right nor altogether wrong," so the new Rappites are not infallible. Another committee was appointed, including two physicians, and two Monorables, who in vestigated the manifestations in the office of Chancellor Whittesley ; then a third committee entirely composed of sceptics ; also a committee of ladies, — as there always appeared " ladies" involved in these manifestations, " The ladies" of the haunted houses were "disrobed' stood upon pillows upon glass, tied, placed upon the stethoscpe to secure that the sounds should not be vocal, and held by the baud ; still the Rap pites rapped ; a vibration or "jarring" was left on the floor and throughout the room during the raps ; add questions, asked openly, on paper, or even " men tally" were duly answered. Something of course there is in these signs ; but what 7 Conjecture makes many alter nate answers to that question. It may I be a juggle ; and if so, it is remarkable juggles for its extensive spread over the soil of tho Empire of State, and for tite numbers publicly juggled. As to the numbers and respectability of dupes, precedents might be found; but the geographical extension seems to be new. It may be a new natural pheno menon — such as a new furotion disco vered by persons in mesmerised state, who are conspiring to keep it unknown. It may ha a newly established or newly revived communication from some kind of crenturo imperfectly cognizab e to our sense, as a human being must ho to a sightless worm. Or — it may ho a real manifestations of "spris." The ast possibility is suggested by an ia mte feeling in the human mind to p.esuutc the existence of supernatural beings. In one sense, supernatural beings there cannot be, since all mutt confirm to tho supreme laws which rule the uni verse. In another, sense, supernatural- ism is identical with the proposition that creatures exist of which human senses are not cognizant; a probability ost;i. blished by the progress of science, which continually discloses to ua things parti cognizable, and some wholly unknown proviottslyjwhilo tho uatureof other tilings — such as the " imponderables" — is vety problematical. W hntever arcutures mani fest themselves, sve may always assume that they arc our fellow creatures in the senso of being subject to the universal God. But these sounds should tie emit ted by any order oi " superior " beings is unlikely on the face of the evidence ; it is also unlikely that traits will be ob seved in the narrative common to nil such affairs. The " spirits" deal unhe sitatingly with things not belonging to nature at lajge, but artificially contriv ed by humanity ; they dodge about cho3ts and cupboards, they are intimate with human usages, they have learned not only the human but the Angle- Saxon alphabet, and can spell. A good deal humanity in all this, though not more than might be shown by u very foolish impostor. The second trait is the tendeney of the " supernatural " visitants to deal exclusively with trivi alities and puerilities— startling women and children with raps, spelling names, and counting the ages of children " cor rectly." Now, before it can be suppos ed that any higher order of things would sloop to such triflings, tve must alter our whole ideas of what is superior and what is inferior. 