ENGLISH EXTRACTS. (f. im Ute papers) Yvoiiilr'-s will never cease in Pins. A discovery which has lately been made of an extraordinary individual living at the Birrie re d'Este who proclaims him self to the world as the heir and successor of Jesus Christ, has created the greatest curiosity among the miracle counters of our capital, This mm in peasant of the name of Perimond, about live-'nd-forty years ago, of simple and unpretending minuets and homely speech. He is, however, manifestly under some extraordinary magnate influence, for he has cured by the effect of his touch alone many hundreds of persons who have been to visit him, He sees yes all strangers who st k him with the greatest simplicity, disclaims any credit for the wondrous miracles he performed, merely rope Ring the assurance s of his appointment by our Saviour, who appl tired to run in a dream to go forth to the world an J Uotifv to the truth of the Gospel. He is of short stature, and of full expressive counted men. He is car, parked on the forehead, descends on either side of his temples. 'here I would be nothing remarkable about the person of the man were it not for the circumstances which has given rise to the wilful 10, 01 tin, nullippy delusion whichever it may be, til it lit thus opt no) advances were it not for the eMrioi dinary estimates on his hands and feet, and the deep creature in his hide, whence, during the whole of Passion by tea, have issued large drops of bl of Many people worthy of belief have told me that there is no delusion about this 'The hands and feet a c pierced through and through, and the wound in the side is about two inches long and very deep that they have seen the blood ooze from these wounds slow Ij and drop by drop for hours lost liner during the past week, and that during all this time Penmond remains exhausted on his bed, lying as it were in a trance, without to door nourishment, and in all appearance dead After sunset the rivers, the binding ceives, he recover his senses, put likes of some slight refreshment, and uses the whole night in pri) cr. His dress consists of a short tunic of white linen reaching to the knee, with long lull troiiM rs of the same. On his head he wears a white linen turban of the Jewish form. He carries no urn uncut on his person save a gold clasp which fastened the land to which his waist is continual, The poitehnvp been most active in causing the strictest investigations to be made into the history and the needs nts of the man , but as yet nothing has Inn discovered] which can in any way save as excuse for molesting him. All that is known is the fact of his having recently arrived from Grenoble, where he had lived a holy and religious life, much beloved by the old peasant woman who had reared li us, and who, even to the horn of her death, declared to have found him one morning lying beneath a hedge near her cottage No trace of his parentage his ever open disc vexed. He never stirs abroad, and discourages all meetings or assemblies at his house, then fore the authorities of Paris have nought to do in his case. Several physicians of church e have already been to visit him, but none have as yet been able to solve the mystery of the long fast and bleed- ing. Dr. C-, the great anatomist, after remaining two hours in his room last Friday, left in despair, declaring, with an oath, "that the juggle was too well managed for discovery ," and therefore they very, like that of the ecstatic v virgins of the year, remains a mystery still. - Pen is Correspondent of the Alias. On Friday, Mr. Phillips exhibited at the London Gas-works new ' Gre an insulator." A building twenty feet high, made of wood, filled with shavings, soaked in turpentine, was, when in full blaze, put out by his machine, in half a minute. It is described as having been " rather larger than a good-sized coffee put and consisted of three tin cases, one within another, and mutually communicating. There was a small quantity of water in the bottom of the machine, and in the centre case was a composite cake, containing, in the middle of it, a phial of sulphuric acid and chlorate of potash. In order to put the machine into action this phial is broken, and nauseous vapour is generated so rapidly and in such quantity, that it immediately rushes out from a lateral spent with great impetuosity " It is stated in an official document, issued by the committee to inquire into the " grog question " connected with the Navy, that in future the allowance is to be reduced one half, for which Admirals, Captains, and Wardroom officers, are to receive compensation, mates, and other officers, at the same late as now allowed in the savings price," pitt) officers first class seamen and mariners, 3s. (6d. a month, second class seamen, 2s (in a mouth and they are, in consequence, to be allowed to augment their monthly allowance to their families to 21s. 6d. per. month. THOMAS CARLYLE ON UNIVERSAL Sur i itAGb From extension of the suffrage, some think you might get quite ntlinrthnn good from the extension of the suiTisgPjtill it be came a un versa c and g of heads, one sees not in the least when wisdom could be extruded V pirln ment of the Paris pattern, snell 9 we see just now, might be extracted and from that 3 million in o III I ere I slush , drownings of all in gress divine paid is man, in a North's deluge of parliamentary cloqucuc-»,-such us while our Kins, heavy and manifold though they are, have not yet quite desired 7 FlMVIF I MIGRANT FoCIH\\-"l PS t rday afternoon the annual meeting if this society was held at Willis a Rooms, St James's street, his Grace the Duke of Argyll in the chair The chairman addressed the meeting, and commented upon the vast increase of the number of emigrants during the last few years it was incumbent upon the British people I take some mines In in sure the welf tre of the great naval i of pe )j le who annually left this country seeking a subsistence in the various colonies He regretted to say that in some of the British colonies the chief population was caused by the present system of transportation, the number of convicts exceeding in i conside r the proportion the nnmbTof the in li stands the bill) increasing number of I i sons who left the country side is a duty incumbent upon those who bid themelves to provide is far is they could, for the main in welfare of Iii isp who, during long voyages, were subjected to every temptation likely to reach a salt system of emigration a curse instead of a bl sang The Hon A running! and the report The general aim of the society was to promote the moral and spiritual writing of female emigrants, particularly of those going to Australia, to provide some remedy for the evils known to exist on h and emigrant ships, md to counteract the dangers arising from the exposure of young women to a mixed association with strangers, and from the undisciplined idleness of a long voyage. 'The mode by which these objects were to be affected was the establishment of homes for female emigrants, by providing Visi- tation at the ports, and the formation of the emigrants into industrial classes and by the appointment of visiting committee to superintend their employment during the voyage, by securing the appointment of matrons to superintend the young! women on the voyage, and by forming corresponding societies in the colonies for the protection and assistance of the female emigrants on their arrival in order to carry these objects out, various committees had been appointed, and col- I lections had been made to defray the t x horses inclined. Ativilmy societies had been formed in many of the Australian districts, and some few in the more distant portions of the empire. The Thames Church Mission had agreed to grant the sum of X 50 t ally in aid of this some ty, and there was great hope that similar subscriptions would shortly enable the society greatly to extend the scope of its operations 'the expenditure' of the sil- ent) during the past year the first of its operation) amounted to 11070 10 did , including St balance of last 'li, 81. and the subscriptions i (pial led the memorial. The rt pint was read and and adopted, and Mr. Mills, the Rev. Mr. Gill, and other gentlemen having addressed the me cling in support of various resolutions in accordance with the objects of the MICK ty, the UKI ling si pur Util, ult it vote of thanks to the chairman -"'Innes," April I". J UK LAST at CAIMAIN ( title's COM- PANIONS here is RI present resulting in favor) timm put on on old man, named Wade, ilip last survivor of Captain Cook 's companions in his voyages round the world. He is 99 years of age, in possession of all his faculties, was pre- tent at Captain Cook's death, and him self received a spear wound from one of the islanders. NUNS IN CAMBRIDGE After a space of more than 300 years nuns are again stationed in the university town of Cambridge On Monday, the 11th inst the schools of the Roman Catholic mission were reopened, under the superintendence of two arms of the order of the Infant Jesus, from the convent or Northampton. On the Wednesday following, miss was celebrated by the Rev 'I horn is Quinlivan, the pastor, for the special invocation of the Holy Ghost on the labours of the sisters, after which I the children went in procession to the schools -Cambridge Chronicle BiroTiiY IN MaLTA. On Sunday last (says the Malta Mail' of March 30) notice was given in the Roman Catholic churches that for the future no in er managed would be permitted between parties one of whom professed the Roman Catholic and the other the Protestant faith, except under a solemn promise that the children to be born thereof should be brought up in the Roman Catholic faith. The Protestant I divines have given notice that they will not solemnize any marriages where the parties have made such a promise. Asm stymie MANURE At a weekly council of the Royal Agricultural Society, held on Wednesday week, a statement was read from Earl Grey, showing the satisfac ory results obtained by Vice 4 crime and the Earl of Dundonald, in command of her Majesty's naval forces on the West Indian station, from manure prepared from the asphaltum of the great pitch lake in the island of Trim did, and tried in the Government gardens at Ikrmudi. His lordship further stated to the council that Lord Dun I donald had sent to the Colonial Office a a box containing three specimens of the ' manure in question, and which would be forwarded to the society for the inform a tion of its members The council , ordered that the specimens, on their a rival, be placed in the hands of Professor Way with a request that he would report to the council his opinion of its value in an agricultural point of ! view. ANLCIIOIK of Tin. pRi-sini-NT cr Fair Rheumatic.- On Monday last a g ntle man called on a coachmaker, and bir gained with him for a handsome car range. "What is your least price" . ),OI)0 francs," replied the co clinker. cellar is soldier," continue 1 the cus- Inn or "Dear, sir," said the coach builder, " but for the revolution, and the I missed (stupid fi Dow) at the head of the Id public, it would be worth 6,000 francs" "Monsieur," said the cus-! leader . l'h i since, he sun ce attend (I am the stupid fellow you speak of, you may said it 'to the lily see , my SICK tary shall have the money ready for you. ODD PI LLOVV LOIIGI S D CI AIII I> ILLE aw. -On the 1 till instant, Mr. R. J. Kindc-slcy, Chancellor of the County I Pala me of Durham, delivered judg I went in the case of Brown and others i v Shaw and others, which was heard in the Chancery Court, Durham, on the Mth i> slant and 23rd of October last. The hall was filed by George Brown and seven other persons, on behalf of listing Ive s and all other members of a car an association called " The Rose of Durham Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows, Manchester Unity')-," except the defendants, against George Shaw and six other persons 'I he last five plaintiffs are described in the bill as members and five of the trustees of the Association, and the last three as simply numbers. It appears that the defendants are also members of the Association, that some years ago a The defendants, Miss, Stafford, Dodd, Wind and Gleeson, were appointed trustees s in the place and send ofStif ford and Bad son. The object of the bill is to recover from the defendants, for the benefit of lins Lodge or Association, a sum of £295 19s Id, on the ground of that sum, the property of the Association, having been misapplied, b) le adding it to the defendant Shaw, on his promissory note, and of the defendants having been parties to that trans- action, which, it was contended, was a breach of trust. The grounds of defence are these 1st. That this is an illegal association, and therefore the lull cannot be sustained. 2nd. That the transaction complained of was for the bene- lil of the association, and that the lending of the money on Shaw's personal security was no breach of trust. Hill That the mem lips, and the plaintiffs in particular, I acquiesced in the transaction. 'lib. That the present trustees were not duly appointed, and therefore the relief asked by the prayer of the bill for payment of the money to them cannot be enforced. And Sill. Objections are raised for want of parties-. Mr. Kuidersly said the first question was, whether the lodge or association coming within any of the descriptions of societies mentioned in the Acts of' Parliament of the 31) Geo. III, c. 79, and the 27 Geo. III, c, 19. After minutely describing the nature of the society, and the state of the law relating to such societies in general, he came to the conclusion that the society in question did not came under these Acts, and not being within the exemption made by sections 50 and 127 of the latter Act, was consequently illegal, This being the case, the bill must be dismissed, it being unneccessary to go into the other grounds of defence Durham Advertiser. 