WHEAT FOR EXPORTATION. A correspondent of the Argus, under the sig- nature of Investigator, strongly advocates the practicability of profitably exporting Australian wheat to Great Britain. We give his arguments in favour of the proposition, cuni grano salis, and for the digestion of those who have a practical knowledge of the subject : Allow me to remark the astounding difference in the price of flour and wheat at home, and here in Australia. Let us refer to the latest authorities from home. By them we will find that, in the Edinburgh market, 22nd August, 1819, of 328 quarters of wheat, the average price was £2 8s. 7^(1. ; weight, per bushel, 63^1bs. ; on the same day the average price of a sack of flour was 29s 4d. On 29th December, at Melbourne, wheat, per bushel of 60lbs., 3s. 6d. to 3s. 10d., say average 3s. 8d. Flour, £9 10s. per ton. Let us endea- vour to draw a comparison of the cost of flour per ton, cwt., or lb., at Edinburgh and Melbourne, supposing the price of wheat to be similar in the two localities. The price of wheat at the latter place being as above, 3s. 8d. per bushel, this gives, per quarter, 29s. 4d. ; consequently, supposing mill charges and quality of grain similar in the two localities, the selling price of flour in Mel- bourne ought to be £7 1 Is. 6d. ; or, reversing the calculation, the home price should be £16 3s. Gd., at 6s. Id. per bushel. How do these facts bear upon the point under consideration, i. e.', the interest of our Australian farmers P In the first place, it appears evident that they do not obtain a fair adequate price from the millers for their pro- duce, the relative value of a ton of flour and wheat being, at home, the former, as £12 Us. 5d. to £11 9s. lid., the latter ; whilst here in the colony it is as £9 15s. to £7 6s. 8d. ; i.e., there is an apparent gain to the home miller of £1 Is. 6d. on the ton of wheat, and to the colonial miller of £2 8s. 4d., being balance in favour of the latter, of £1 6s. 10d., or 124 per cent. ! ! No doubt my opponents will conceive they give a conclusive answer to these results by merely referring to the different rate of expense incurred in labour by the colonial compared with the home miller ; but this admitted fact cuts both ways : if the colonial cul- tivator, paying double wages to his servants, can yet manage to dispose of his wheat forty per cent, below his home competitor, surely there can he no cause to prevent the miller, similarly situated, from doing the same. Now, admitting for the moment that our agriculturists can afford steadily to dis- pose of their wheat at 3s. 8d. per bushel, and that the nillers cannot, or do not, choose to diminish their charge,--can the former, our farmers, export wheat or flour with a fair chance of remuneration to Great Britain P or have they competitors to contend with in the home market that render such a proceeding hopeless P No one will deny that their most powerful competitors arc the United States of North America ; and it appears equally unquestionable, in my opinion at least, that the recent free trade measures have greatly increased the risks thence arising, from their proximity to Britain, not to mention the low rate of freights of American vessels compared with British. Let us then ascertain the relative prices of wheat and flour in the States and Australia, so that we may be qualified to estimate truly our relative positions. Referring to valuable statistical tables in the Argus of 20th December, last, it appears that Ute average £ rice, of «beat at Ehilaelélphia, New York, -and los ton, for the ten years 1831-1840, was, per bushel,'!'dollar 30 cents,.or47s. per quarter,-or, including all charges! at ¿profit of eight to ten per cent.-say- 53s. If a quarter of wheat from tlie-United States will not produce this on an average of seven years, it will not compete with our Australian wheat"£stimating it at 3s. 8d. per bushel, or per quarter £ 1,9s. 4d. ; American, at ;£2 7s. (per statement above referred to), this Jeaves a balance in favour of the former of 41 17s. 8d., or above 122 per cent., that is, above' two to one. But we have next 'to consider the relative cost of conveying the grain from the States and fiom Australia to England. From the former, we find, from the same authority as above quoted, that it is from 6s.,Id..to 7s. per quarter. ¡I an not aware of the expenses of shipping grain from Melbourne to London ; but on referring to the South Australian Gazette of 31st March last, ¡I find the expenses from Adelaide to be as. 4d. per' bushel,and I presume this cannot be very different! .from what they are at Sydney or Melbourne; this' then gives 26s. 8d per quarter ; this would make the cost in London £2 16s.-thus leaving the, scales against Australia by about 2s. per quarter ; -including the American profit of 4s., the differ-' ence would be against the colony of 6s. per quar- ter. Let us, however, again refer to the Adelaide paper, upon doing whhh we will find that the 'then price of South Australian »heat in the home' market was from 64s; to 68s, ; and upon the same authority we are told that, provided it reaches i 'Mark Lane not later than the end of August, it would realise 12s. 6d. per bushel ! This price is most startling : it could only possibly be referred to as some extraordinary sample for amateur seed ; but taking the average at 66s., this would give a profit of 10s'. per quarter on our New South Wales wheat, equal to 34 per cent, on the actual selling price here in the colony, i.e., producing to the farmer, instead of 3s. 8d., say 4s. 1 Id. per bushel. But here I would ask, how comes wheat to cost 26s. 8d. per quarter in freight from Australia to Great Britain, and only 6s. to 7s. for shipping charges, freight, insurance, cartage, porterage, damages, interest of capital, commissioners, &c;, from New York ? No doubt the distance hs vastly greater, but not in that proportion. Estimating a ton of wheat lo consist of forty' bushels, at the present rate of freights the charge should not exceed at utmost £3 10s. or £. As actually chargod, it amounts to £6 13s. 4d., being evi- dently an overcharge of £3 3s. 4d. per ton, or, per bushel, of Is. 7d.-thus reducing the cost of delivering a quarter of'Australian wheat at the port of London from 26s. 8d. to 14s ; in other words, the actual cost of the grain, in place of £2 16s., only £2 3s. 4d., thus leaving the differ- ence between these sums as an additional profit to the colonial agriculturist, i. e., at 66s. per quarter, the clear gain would be £1 2s. 8d., or raise the return per bushel of wheat from 4s. 1 Id., as above, to 7s. 9d., being an actual advance in the Aus- tralian market value of 4s. Id., or 111 per cent, per bushel ! If these calculations be correct, the unavoidable query arises-how comes the exporter of colonial wheat to submit to such extortion in form of freight, amounting, as it actually does, to 90 per cent.? I reply-hitherto the export of grain to Great Britain from Australia has been on too confined a scale to attract attention from the shipowners ; the consequence has been that it has been shipped in bags ; and as it will not com- press, like wotd, the charge has been propor- tionally heavy. Were it shipped in sufficient quantities, to occupy the entire holel of a vessel ¡t would be in bulk, not in sacks-hence the saving would be enormous, as exemplified in the above calculations, and unless such arrangements are carried into effect, it is useless to talk of ex- porting wheat from Australia to Europe ; but I have stated enough to prove the practicability and I feasibility of exporting wheat from Australia to Great Britain, with every reason to expect such a return as ought to satisfy the farmers-here again however, my pastoral antagonist will say-" how absurd to expect a parcel of cockatoo farmers, once serfs of the soil, to have funds sufficient to enable them to ship their produce to England, and to wait for nearly twelve months before they can have any return"-apparently here is a question for my day dreams, as some may term them ; but here, I would simply take a leaf out of my opponent's ledger. Let me ask, how do the vast majority of squatters the owners of flocks of sheep do P Do they ship their wool on. their own account, and wait patiently for the returns from their correspon- dents in London P-unquestionably they do no such thing-they either' dispose of their wool to the merchant, at a certain fixed amount for it, or they take an advance, say one-half, and waiting for their final part, until they learn the result of the sale of their produce in the Home mai ket; this being admitted, because it cannot be gainsaid, let me ask, what is to prevent the agriculturists from treading in the same steps P Suppose that the expense of raising a bushel of wheat here in Victoria to be 2s. 6d. per bushel, as I have heard it stated (be that right or wrong I neither feel inclined to decide, nor am I called on so todo), then why should not the farmer in easy circum- stances rest contented with an advance in hand to that amount P Would he not be similarly situated as the sheep farmer who last season took Gd. per lb. in advance upon his wool P Would the merchant be justified in making such a pre-payment P In reply, the price in Mark Lane, formerly alluded to, 66s. per quarter, and the sum he would have to advance, 20s, I simply put the question, would he run a greater risk than his brother trader, who advances this season Is. upon the lb. of wool P I have heard that our merchants consider Is. 2d per lb. a fair remuneration for advancing cash on wool, not the less so as the banks do the same to them, say to the extent of one-half-would not they then be safe to advance 2s. 6d. per bushel, and the banks to do the same by them, to the ex- tent say ot Is. 6d.P Supposing they did so, and realising Australian wheat at 66s. per quarter, i.e. 8s. 3d., the bank, even supposing wheat in the English market to fall to even 40s., would hold a security to the extent of 3s. 6d. per bushel, or 233 per cent, above their advances ; and the merchant in like manner, of 2s. 6d., or 100 per cent, above, his advances, to cover freight and profit. Allow me here to answer an objection that I have heard advanced against sending Australian wheat to England. I mean the varying demand in the Home market-is this likely to be more fluctuat- ing than that for wool P If extravagent prices are expected, I reply yes. But if moderate profits be the object, with a steady regular demand-I say no-and in bad seasons in the mother country, the demand for wheat, and flour is immeasurably greater in proportion, than for wool in the seasons of briskest manufacture, compared to our worst Years. Thus, in the five years 1831-5, the actual importations of foreign grain were 381,000 qra. ; in ,1839, 4 millions; and in 1848-9, at the rate of fifteen millions per annum-when the price for a time rose to 110s. per quarter. Everything must have a beginning-wool from Australia, at one time, astonished the good people at home, as much as some sixty or seventy years ago did cotton wick from Charleston. Why then díspaírfbf o^r-wheat, superiOr/ín rjuality'to most in * the íwoVlífP^ Supposing wej'could export, say one million "of ^quarters-how would it tell in our Commercial and Agricultural calculations P Why at 40s., the'lowest possible price in England; it would produce a sum "of two millions sterling. Will .this shrink from comparison with our wool returns, estimated at-£l,240,l44 P What employ- ment would it not give the Shipping interest P And to our Agriculture, the subject of our con- sideration," what aid would it afford P Why, it would, of necessity, add 300,000 acres to our present cultivated.soil, double in amount of what is now under the, plough for every description of crop, and would afford,employment to many thou- sands of labourers-whilst, at the same time, it -would pay for.their immigration,and enormously increase the demand'for the woollen and cotton manufactures of our native land. The Son of Louis XVI.-Several articles have appeared in a respectable newspaper of Philadelphia, entitled the Friend, according to which the Dau- phin of France, son of Louis XVI., who was for so many years reported dead, from the 'brutal usage, of Simon, the shoemaker, to whom he had been apprenticed, is now a chieftain and missionary among the Menominee Indians ! The articles in question give many details of an official visit to a .Council of the Menominees, authorised by the United,States Government ; and the parties who have related the particulars of the Dauphin's escape from France, and his subsequent history, are men of unimpeachable honour and veracity. They are thoroughly convinced that the present Menominee Chief, Eleazar Williams, and the son of Louis XVI. are one and the same person.-Glasgow Post. Confession of Morder.- It has within the last two or three days been made known that John Baguley, aged 70, who died at Chilwell, four miles south of Nottingham, on the 16th ultimo, con- fessed on his death-bed that, twenty- three years ago, he murdered a hawker of shawls, blankets, ike, and disposed of the body. This announce- ment has caused the greatest possible excitement. From a preliminary investigation, it seems that at the time stated an individual, whose name is not now known, but whose description accords with that given by Baguley, suddenly disappeared, and all that could be learned respecting him was that when last seen he was proceeding in the direction of Baguley's cottage. This and other incidents led to a suspicion that the Baguley's had made away with the missing man, which suspicion sub- sequent cireumstances revived from time to time. At the period of his sudden disappearance, the murdered man professed to be courting one of Baguley's daughters, and, as he was known to be in possession of a considerable sum of money, he was looked upon as being a rather desirable suitor, especially as the Baguleys were known to be very poor. The hawker had not been missing more than twelve months, however, before their circum- stances began to improve, and, from the condition of a poverty-stricken labourer, Baguley became suddenly advanced to that of a comfortable cot- tager, with a number of pigs in his stye. This sudden improvement was coupled by the neigh- bours with the hawker's disappearance, and ever since the Baguleys have been looked upon with distrust. Two sons still living at Chilwell, and another residing at a distance, are supposed to have' been cognizant of the 'foul transaction, although at the time of its occurrence they were very young ; and that Baguley's first w ¡fe was is certain, for whenever she quarrelled with her hus- band, as she frequently did, she was in the habit of putting a stop to the violence of his temper by saying-" Be quiet, John ; you know I have your coat-of-arms up stairs,"-alluding to some bloody clothes that were supposed to be kept in a lodging room This first Mrs. Baguley died five or six years ago, and said, a short time previously, that she had something on her mind w hich she should like to reveal ; but this coming to her husband's knowledge, he never afterwards would allow a stranger to go to her room. The present Mrs. Baguley, now the widow of the murderer, was married to him about three years ago, since which time she says his conduct has been very strange. In his sleep frequently he would jump up in a state of great excitement, and exclaim that some one was about to seize him. The day before he died he said to her, " the pick that I did it with is in the dyke " ; and other revelations followed, which have not yet been made public. It is a singular fact that the cottage in which the murder is said to have been committed has never since been occupied for any length of time, and in it periodically strange nocturnal noises are said to be heard. " The Chil- well ghost," and tales respecting " the haunted house at Chilwell," have during the last 20 years dismayed many thousands of persons residing within a circle of 150 miles of the locality, and formed many an exciting theme in the local news- papers. The whole of the above circumstances have been made known to Mr. T. B. Charlton, the local magistrate, and will, no doubt, be fully and officially investigated.-Times. The Greek Question.-England and Russia. -The following, which purports to be a copy of a despatch from Count Nesselrode to Baron Brunow, was published in a morning paper yesterday : "St. Petersburg, le 8th (20th) Feb., 1850. " Monsieur le Baron,-Almost at the very moment when we were addressing to you our despatches of the 7th (19th) of this month, we learned by your report (No. 17) that Lord Palmerston, relaxing those extreme measures which he his adopted against the Hellenic Government, had consented to suspend them on accepting in this difference the mediation of France. As in our eyes the interests of the Greeks is superior to every other personal consideration, we will not insist upon the want of courtesy of which we have felt ourselves called upon to complain ; and our intention is not to ask to enter, after the negotiation has begun, into a mediation already commenced, and which, perhaps, at the time we are writing, may have borne, as we hope, fruits profitable to Greece, If the good offices of France can act efficaciously in favour of the Government of King Otho, and can contribute to lighten for him the weight of the pecuniary claims raised against him, we aro ready to con- gratulate ourselves sincerely on such a result. Nevertheless, M. le Baron, in regard to what re- lates to the cession of the Greek islands, equally claimed in the name of the Government of the Ionian Islands, as this is not purely a question of money between England and Greece, but is a ques- tion of territory connected with the delimitation established by a treaty concluded between the three Cabinets which founded the Hellenic'kingdom, it would, at all events, be impossible for us, in our quality of signers of that act, to admit that this question should be treated by England and France to the exclusion of1 Russia. We feel it our duty, therefore, to make the reservation of our rights in this respect, and you will deolare this to the English Government in communicating to it this despatch. Receive, M. le Baron, the assurance of my very distinguished consideration. - Nesselrooe." - Timej, Marqh 13. tí p THE ARCTIC EXPIDITION.—THE LADY FRANK- LIN."—On Thursday there was launched from the building-yard of Messrs. Walter'Hood and Co.,'a very handsome clipper-brig, of 200-lons new measurement, and- 265 old. She has'been pur- chased by tlie Admiralty, and is to proceed'imme- diately .to the Arctic regions, in search of Sir John Franklin, under the command of Captain Wm. Penny, recently commander of the whaler Advice, of Dundee, and formerly of the St. Andrew, of this port. The vessel was named the Lady Frank- lin, by Mrs. Penny, the lady of the worthy cap- tain, her commander, and glided into her future element in first-rate style, amidst the cheers of a numerous crowd. After the launch had been effect ed,,we understand that a few very appropriate speeches were delivered over a refreshment of cake and wine by the Lord Provost, Provost Nicol.the Town-clerk, and other gentlemen. .The health of Captain Penny was, of course, rapturously received and suitably acknowledged.-Aberdeen Herald. -The Observer, of yesterday, says : "Yesterday Mr. Green, the aeronaut, forwarded nine balloons to the expedition about to i sail in search of Sir John Franklin. Lady Franklin had previously been in communication with Mr. Green on the subject. On Monday an experiment was made in the presence of her ladyship, Mr. Holland, M.P., and others, at the house of Mr. Green, with a balloon containing thirty-two packets, consisting of 3000 slips of silk and paper, which were to be -detached at the -sate of one every five minutes. The balloon was between five and six feet v&i; dia- meter, and was filled with hydrogen gas. After the balloon had proceeded a short distance, the packets began to be liberated at short intervals. -It took a south-western direction, and some of the packets were picked up at Chichester. The bal- loon then proceeded towarels the channel. Mr. Green has forwarded to the commanders some apparatus for generating the" gas.- Liverpool Albion, March l8. Exhibition of the Industry of all Na- tions.-On Friday a very numerous meeting of the City of London Committee for promoting the ." Exhibition of Industry of all Nations" W3S held in the Mansion-house. Several gentlemen ad- dressed the meeting, and spoke in the most enthu- siastic terms of the object. Some gentlemen connected with the American trade gave every reasonable assurance that the project would be hailed in the United States with great delight, and said that large subsciptions might be expecteel from that country. A sum of £1000 was an- nounced in the room, including £500 from the East India Company. The Duchy of Cornwall (the Council of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales) have authorised the payment of a subscrip- tion of £250 in aid of the Exhibition.-The Ga- zette of Friday contains the announcements that Mr. Robert Stephenson, a member of the Execu- tive Committee, has been appointed one of her Majesty's Commissioners for the promotion of the intended Exhibition ; and that Lieut.-Col. Wm. Reid, of the Royal Engineers, is nominated one of the Executive Committee in his room, and to be chairman of the said Executive Committee. Glasgow Citizen, Feb. 23. Turkey.-Characteristic particulars of the be- haviour of the Hungarian refugees on their late departure from Shumla toKutahia, in Asia Minor, are given by the correspondent of the Times.. " When Achmet'Effendi, who reached Shumla on the 5th February, began to make preparations for the departure of the fugitives, Kossuth declared to him that he would rather shoot himself than con- sent to be removed to Asia. To this the diploma- tist, with true Turkish phlegm, replied, that ' it was a pity to anticipate that fate from which none can escape ; but that man would often follow his inspirations.' Kossuth subsequently addressed a brilliant speech to his followers in order to excite them to accompany him ; but with little success. Casimir Batthyany intended to have escaped before Achmet Efïendi's arrival ; but the Turks by seiz- ing his horses defeated his plans : he seemed much moved on hearing that he must proceed with the others to Asia. Ddmbinsky having pleaded illness, the Turkish commissioner has demanded further instructions from Constantinople. Messaros and Stein (Ferhad) were much cast down : Maurice Perczel, on tht contrary, declared that he willingly went into exile, as he never would have returned to Hungary even if permission had been granteel him so to do. A strange scene took place between Ballogh and his son. The former, as a renegade, was to be removenl to Aleppo, while his son, as a Christian, was to proceed to Kutahia. The idea of being separated from his son almost drove the old man mad. He declaied that he had been vilely deceived by the Turkish government ; and, throw- ing his « fez* at the feet of Achmet Effendi, swore that he would rather die than remain a Mussulman. At one o'clock on the 15th the mournful procession started. Kossuth, who had previously committee! his last will to the hands of the Turkish Commis- sioner, sat buried in his cloak in a corner of his carriage; his wife accompanied him. Batthyany, though the expression of his countenance was sad, sat as proudly as ever in his saddle The Countess was in a close carriage. The others, to about the number of fifty-eight, followed pele-mele." Thb Engineer's Triumph -During the trial of the deael weights at the testing of the Britannia Bridge, a very interesting episodical proceeding took place in the interior of the Carnarvonshire land tube-that of putting the last rivet into the plates, making exactly the 203.000,000th that have been used. The rivet having been put in by Mr. Mare, was driven home and fastened by Mr. Stephenson by successive strokes with a huge hammer. This ceremony was followed by the waving of hats, and the deafening acclamations of the work- people.__^______ The Moreton Bay Courier is published eveijr Saturday morning. The terms of subscription are 10s. per quarter, or 8s. 6d. if paid in advance : the quarters ending 31st March, 30th June, 30th September, and 31st December, in each year respectively, at which roriods only can subscribers resign by giving due notice, and paying the amount due to the end of the current quarter. Persons desirous of subscrib- ing during the currency of the quarter will only be charged from the dato of their commencing. Each advertisement will be charged at the rata of 3s. an inch, and Is. for every additional inch, each insertion ; the number of insertions must be specified on each advertisement, or they will be continued aintil countermanded by a written notice. Advertisements from non-subscribera must be paid for previous to insertion. AGENTS. Ipswich-Mr. A. E. Campbell. Drayton-Mr. Wm. Handcock. Warwick-Mr. H. E. Shanklin. Burnett District-Mr. Jacob Goode. SvDNEr-Mr. J. T. Hendy, Harrington-street. ."--??-^^-i------?---» Printed and published by the proprietor. James Swan, at the General Printing Onie«, , Albert-street, North Brisbane, in the colony of New South Wales. Ordersand communications (in all ca'ses pre-paid) to be addressed to the Editor, or ta the Proprietor. 