MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. TABLETS TO THE MEMORY OF THE LATE SIR JOHN BARROW, BUT. Within the last few days Mr. T. Milne, an eminent sculptor from London, has visited this place, deputed by Mr. Burrow, of the Admiralty, son of the late Sir John Barrow, to superintend the erection of a tablet in the south aisle of the parish church, to the memory of the late baronet. It is from Mr. Milne's design, presents a most chaste appearance, and is inscribed as follows :-" Sacred to the memory of Sir John Barrow, Bart,, L.L.D., F.R S., 40 years secretary of the Admiralty, who was born in a small cottage in the adjoining village of Dragley Beck, on the 19th June, 1761 i and departed this life on the 23rd November, 1848. Tull of years and honour. Soli Deo Gloria." A tablet also in remembrance of Sir John was yesterday placed in the humble cottage, at Dragley Beck, where- in he was born, of which the following is a copy -" In this humble cottage-the best memorial of his enterprising spirit, industry, and perseverance was born on the 19th June, 1764, Sir John Barrow, Bart. L.L.D., F R S., Mc, who accompanied Lord Macartney's Embassy to China, who travelled far into the interior of Africa and who was for forty years (embracing the whole period of the last war), Secretary of the Admiralty. He died in London on the 23rd November, 1918 In the 85th year of his age, remarkable for the vigour of his mind, as his latter works abundantly testify, and scarcely less remarkable for the activity of his body Salt Deo Gloria " We may mention here, that Mr Milne, the gentleman alluded to above, is the artist who executed the colossal statue of the Duke of Wellington, at the Tower of London. He has also just completed the model of a colossal statue to be erected to the memory of Lord Nelson, in the city of Norwich, and has also furnished two designs for the Barrow Monument intended to be erected in this locality.- Ukerstone Advertiser I A WELSH GHOST STORY A short time ', since at a farm-house at Kilkan, near Mold, the landlord had left a bailiff in possession of the furniture and stock for rent arrears. The man of law put in his son, a green lad, as his deputy, the latter being inordinately afraid of ghosts, which circumstance, as the sequel proved, was known to the " distressed farmer. The young bailiff was put to sleep in the same bed with the farmer's son, and the moon being about the full, the bedroom was tolerably light. They had not been long in bed before there was a terrible clanking of chains, with greens and other " eldritch ' sounds, heard on the stairs and landing. The farmer's son exclaimed, " O Lord! the ghost, the ghost." He jumped out of bed, followed by the young bailiff in a frenzy of terror, who seized him round the waist for protection against the spiritual intruder, which stalked into the room, arrayed in white. He soon departed, however, leaving the two youths in possession of the field ; but when they were about to step into bed again, to! all but the bedstead had vanished, apparently in the train of the ghost. Not- only that, but the whole of the furniture and the out-door stock seemed to have likewise disappeared, and the landlord's claims for rent were met by an empty house. Caernarvon Herald. OLD WINES. The passion for old time has been carried to a very ridiculous excess, for the "thick crust,"- the "beeswing," and several other interiors of the epicure, are but so many proofs of the decomposition and departure of some of the best qualities of the wine. Had the man that first filled the celebrated Heidleburg has been placed as sentinel to see that no other wine was put into it, he would have found it much better at twenty five or thirty years old than at one hundred or one hundred and fifty, had he lived so long and been permitted now and then to taste it. At Bremen there is a wine cellar called the Store, where five hogsheads of Rhenish wine have been preserved since the year 1825. Those five hogsheads cost 1200 francs. Had this been put out to compound interest, each hogshead would now be worth a thousand millions of money a bottle of this precious wine would cost 21,799,480 francs, and a single wine glass 2,723,808. Du. CLARKE'S CasION OF FEMALE SER- VANTS. Few men enjoye J more domestic comfort than Dr. Clarke and owing to the act of managing them, he was generally well served by his servants. He would say, " It is be extremely difficult to get good servants, that we should not lightly give them up when even tolerable. My advice is, bear a little with them, and do not be too sharp ; pass by little things with gentle reprehension ; now and then a little serious advice does far more good than sudden fault- finding when the offence just occurs. If my Mary had not acted in this way we must have been continually changing, and nothing can be more disagreeable in a family, and, indeed, it is generally disgraceful. ' She is continually changing her servants, is the phrase, by which ill-tempered and unreason- able mistresses are generally characterised by their neighbours and those who know them, and this will equally apply to Masters." His opinion of the metropolitan servants was very low. London, said he, speedily ruins the ' best servants ; one London girl will spoil a regiment of those who come from the country ; they make it their business to corrupt them I to render them disaffected with their masters and mistresses, and to be discontented with their wages. These are among their first endeavours." 