TUB 'sPRTtTT Or MONSTROUS IMPORTANCE.' Art turn Mamtter, 2G-A Februarti. Gentlemon— 'The Right Reverend Father in God, Jerkmt, Lord Bishop of Do»n and Connor, in his ser mon on '? The Righteousness Evangelical,' from Mm. v. 20. referrine to ' Grace9 l-v the Sacrament.' thus tx presoes himself :— ' JNo external action enn purily the soul, because its nature and operations beiog spiritual, it can no more be changed by a ceremony or an external solemnity than an angel can be caressed by sweetmeats, or a man's belly can be tilled with music or long oraiioDS.' Your correspondent ' Ariiutn Majjister' writes: — '* It li hard to receive so great a mystery — that a little water upon the body, with a few word.', should be the in strument for affecting, perhaps to all eternity, the inner man, the invisible soul ! t!mt a change of relation .sboulil be wrought internally, and that yet, perhaps, during k long life, the effects of the change should never be visible upon the surface,'5 &c.; ! ! The copy from which I have quoted the Bishop's words was printed in 166/ The date of your paper is the 26th February, 1850. Is i his progress forwards or backwards? Truly we need not appeal to modern rationalism against this monstrous fiction of regeneration in bap- tism.' The ' noble army of (Protestant) martyrs' condemn it almost with one voice as Popish, soul destroying delusion. Modern science, however, has well nigh rendered the belief of this ' preposterous fiction' impossi- ble by impressing upon every ordinary man's convictions, who carries a human head upon his shoulders, this ancient, modern, and eternal Canon of Scripture Interpretation. ''Scrip tural truths may be above, but cannot be contrary to reason." That Scripture which should affirm that two and two make five, would not be from God — but from idiotic men or lying devils. Now modern enquirers, unfortunately for the Popish and Puseyite school, have cleared up Bishop Taylor's doctrine 'by demonstrating that, under the universal ' laws of causation' in the material world, the cause is evermore incisible, the effect visible, in direct contra diction to the requirement of the ' preposterous fic tion' which makes the cause ' a little water with a few words,' and the effect 'during along life never viable 'till it comes to be extinguished in the 'fire which is not quenched.' ' A child may perceive that, when we insist upon the cause being a natural and a visible one, we bring the question within the province of the material laws of cause and effect, and it must be subject to the rule of visibility of effect. All our Lord's miracles were under this law. The lepers He healed were clean : the blind saw, the lame walked, the dead came forth. In modern times did Bishop Heber see any corresponding effects following his application of ' a little water' to adult Indians ? Did he trust, or would any enlightened and sane Bishop trust to such an instrument, and not to the Divine blessing upon the promulgation of Divine Truth — the proper ' sword of the Spirit ' ? All Scripture, all experience, and all history demonstrate, and common sense agrees that it must be so— that whatever God effects in the soul, he effects by His Holy Spirit, and by the fruit it is known. But I will carry the eternal Canon of Scripture in terpretation a little further, and affirm, that if a com petent enquirer were to find in God's creation one single fact or law which irrcconcileably conflicted with the testimony of Scripture, he would have but his choice of three courses of conduct ; either first to' open his mouth and shut his eyes, and see what God would send him,' and call that being a Christian; or, secondly, to pass a life of miserable doubt and consci ous hypocrisy; or, thirdly, to plunge into the dark regions of infidelity. The truths of creation and Scripture are the same essential truths. Like the two fold arch of the double rainbow, so often visible in the sky of Australia, the upper and Heavenly bow, though fainter to our vision, has the same colours as' the lower, and we know they both proceed from the same fountain of eternal light. To deny this, or to set up fanaticism in the Sanc tuary of God, and can only lead in modern times, as does this class of doctrines under the papacy, to univer sal unbelief and atheism, which already threaten in all Papal Christendom an almost total apostacy from the Christian Faith. Who are the parties falling away from the Communion of the Church? Are they not Socialists, Communists, et hoc genus omne? Will you recover these men by a doctrine such as this, which wars against common observation and the universal sense of mankind ? Here and there a few geese may be found ready to gape and swallow such garbage ; and here and there may be found to preach it some sombre and dreamy ghost of a defunct priest of the dark ages. But to render it popular and convincing, it is just the same as attempting to resuscitate the doctrines of the Alchemists, and the unintelligible jargon of the schools. The truth is, these kinds of doctrine, in which there is dogma and no living reality, were bred in the Mo- nasteries, and are the spawn of Monastic contempla tions, apart from the real world of life and truth, and the real knowledge of the Scriptures in their simplicity and power. Like leeches bred in slime and mud, these superstitions have the lowest, though a tenacious kind of life. They can suck the life-blood from the soul of the victimised projessor; but to the real believer, they can impart no milk of the sincere Word of Truth. Happily, like the leeches, when dragged out of the mud into clear sun-light, they expire of thirst after a few fantastic writhings. Unfortunately (and a dreadful symptom of the times it is), having now at length be come dead and stinking by the putrefaction of ages, they have come to breed foul-mouthed sensualizing Atheism, as the proper antagonistic principle to a dead and putrid faith. Let the Lord Bishop of Adelaide beware ! and cast off this slime of monkery in time. He may expect in the train the Crucifix, and Mariolatry, invocations to the dead, and, perhaps, in the end, some filthy worship of the ' sacred hearts of Jesus and Mary." The Church of England has a great duty to fulfil in South Austra lia. But let her yield to Popish trumperies, and she may write on her once Protestant banner, ' The glory is departed.' I may safely leave ' A. M.' in the hands of the Clergy and the prelates of his own Church, who can not but feel how much deeper an interest they have in this question than I can possibly have. I will merely remark that, if the Church could not reject this doc trine of sacramental efficacy, per se, without rationali- zing, that would be, as far as it goes, a valid argu ment. But rationalism consists in that kind of reason ing or belief which exalts and inflates man ; and what can do this more effectually than a dogma of priest craft, which pretends to confer on a class of peaceable men the power of regenerating all to whom they choose to apply a little water ?" This is one extreme of rationalism, as the preposterous assumptions of the Atheist is the other. We only demand the right use of reason. Finally, with the Homilies of his own Church in my hand, I will prove that ' A. M.' has actually given an equivalent for the homeletic definition of justification as his definition of regeneration. Arlium Magister, in your No. of 11th February— 'Regeneration may be defined to 'be that act whereby God takes out of our relation to Adam, and makes us actual members of His Son, and so His sons, as being members of His Ever-blessed Son; and if sons,' then heirs of God through Christ.' The Homily ' Of Salvation ' treating throughout upou justification :— 3rd Part. " Whereas we were condemned to hell and death everlast ing, (God) . hath given his own natural Son, being God eternal, immortal and equal unto himself iu power and glory, to be incarnate, and to take our mortal nature upon him. with the infirmities of the same, and in the same nature to suffer most painful and shameful death for our offences, to the intent to justify us. and to restore us to life everlasting ; so making us also his dear children, brethren unto His only Son our Saviour, Christ ; and inheritors f,or ever with Him of His eternal Kingdom of Heaven. I am, &c;, E. Baker. March 2nd, 1850. 