ENGLISH EXTRACTS. A French artist has invented a machine for screwing open the shells of oysters without damaging the inmates. The farmers in the Lincoln district are, al- most without exception, petitioning their land- lords for a reduction in rent. Forty Austrian students have been sent to the army as common soldiers for hissing an un- popular professor at Olmutz. With a view to discourage gambling in Madrid, the names of all persons found in gambling houses by the police of that city are regularly published in the official Gaceta. The Morning Chronicle 'Commissioner' finds there are in London 28,577 needlewomen under 20 years of age, the average earnings of each of whom is fourpence farthing per day. Professor Johnson, of the University of Dur- ham, has issued a pamphlet, in which he shows that whole meal bread contains one-third more nutriment than that made of fine wheaten flour. At a recent meeting of Westminster Medical Society, Dr. John Webster related the histories of three cases of insanity, after the use of chlo- roform during labour, which had come under his cognizance. Erom an official report to the King of Sar- dinia, it appears that there are in his states up wards of 7000 persons afflicted with 'creten- ism,' a species of leprosy, but of a much more horrible and fatal nature'. A poor Welsh girl named Jones, died at Shrewsbury, almost the instant after inhaling one drachm of chloroform, preparatory to an operation for the removal of her eye-ball, by Mr. W. J. Clement, surgeon. A general combination of the tenant class is every where visible in Ulster. The tory press— such journals as the Enniskillen Mail, London- derry Standard, Tyrone Constitution, &c.;, &c.;, —all demand a reduction of rents.— Dublin World. We learn that the Romish establishment at Prior Park, Bath, is broken up, and though the property is not publicly announced for dis- posal, from the wish of the parties to avoid the discredit of such, an announcement, yet it is in the market for sale. It is now nine years since the French Academy began to form its new Dictionary of the French language ; and the last discussion, which took place on Thursday week, was on the word ac- corder, so that the words beginning with an a are not yet half finished ! Mr. R. W. Walker, a representative to the Alabama legislature from Tuskegee, has given notice that he will, early in the session, bring forward a bill authorising the state to purchase 100 negroes to be sent to California to work in the gold mines, the profits of their labour to be devoted to the payment of the public debt of Alabama. In the Newcastle- upon-Tyne Court of Bank- ruptcy, the certificate of Mr. Cuthbert Rippon, formerly M.P. for Gateshead, was suspended for twelve months. The Judge observed that the bankrupt was open to the charge of culpa- ble extravagance and reckless proceedings. The debts are £156,000, and the assets will barely cover the expenses. By the supplementary charter recently granted to the University of London, its powers have been considerably extended; and it is now authorized to receive certificates in arts and laws from all the Universities of the United Kingdom, as well as from the respective Col- leges of Oxford and Cambridge, in addition to those institutions which were previously em- powered by the Crown to issue such certificates. A respectable farmer a few miles from Brons- grove, occupying an estate of something more than 160 acres, has offered the rector of the parish, in lieu of his tithe commutation charge, thirty acres of the same land to till, on any part of the estate to suit his own convenience, free of all payments for rent, local and county rates. The offer was politely declined by the worthy rector, who did not seem ambitious of becoming a farmer. — Worcestershire Chronicle. On the 30th ult. a very melancholy accident happened at Hunt's Weir, near Northwich, by which three lives were lost. It appears that during the dinner hour, a young man named Lamb, accompanied by two boys named Dut- ton (of the respective ages of 13 and 15), went in a boat on the River Weaver to have a pleasure sail ; hut unfortunately approaching too near the Weirhead, the boat was driven under the fall, and immediately swamped. A Socialist named Seguin was tried before the Court of Assizes of the Seine, very lately, for having, on the 13th of June last, pub- licly declared that he would eat the heart of the President of the Republic, and parade his head on a pike through the streets. Seguin, who denied the language attributed to him, was found guilty, and sentenced to four months' imprisonment. There are upwards of 3,000 coal mines in Great Britain which employ nearly 250,000 men, women and boys. The working capital invested is estimated at £30,000,000, the annual 'get' of coal at 34,000,000 tons, and the value thereof at the pit's mouth at £10,000,000. It is cal- culated that since 1800, twenty thousand people have been killed by explosions in these mines. Gas Statistics. — The first gas pipe was lighted within these sixty years, and there are now in England and Scotland 170. Besides these, there are 33 which belong to private indi- viduals and 12 the property of municipal bodies or parish officers : in all 775 distinct establish- ments for the manufacture and sale of gas. In these works a capital of £10,500,000 is said to be invested. The quantity of gas annually pro- duced is about nine thousand millions of cubic feet — and the coal consumed in making it weighs 1,120,000 tons. The number of persons em- ployed in its production is about 20,000 ; and piobablv an equal number find employment in the preparatory work in the mines, iron-works, and other processes connected with it. After allowing for waste and leakage, the quantity of gas actually sold to the public in the year is 7,200,000,000 feet - producing light equal to what would be given out by 33,133,610 gallons of sperm oil ; which, at 8s a gallon, would cost the customers £3,253,450. The gas itself is charged by the companies about £1,620,000. Messrs. Barclay, Perkins, & Co., the emi- nent brewers, have forwarded to the commit- tee for raising funds for Promoting Female Emigration to the various British colonies, the sum of £200, in aid of the contemplated object. Sicilian Banditti.— On the 37th ult , the daughter of a widow lady, named Lazzare, was carried off from their country house, near Tra- pani (Sicily). On the following day the mother received an anonymous letter demanding 8,000 Sician ounces of gold (worth fourteen francs each), as the ransom of her daughter. The money not having been deposited in the ap- pointed spot, a second letter was sent demand ing 10,000 ounces, and a third increased the demand to 12,000, and a threat was held out that in default of payment the young lady would be put to death. Information was given to the authorities, who at length discovered the place where she was concealed. She had not received any personal violence, but had been threatened with death unless she wrote to her mother to request her to pay the ransom. She was taken back in safety to her home. She had been carried off by a band, headed by a man named Vincenzo Patti, not less formidable in that country than the Zampa and Fra Dis- volo of our comic operas.— London Paper. Wives for California..— The Philadel- phia North American publishes the following very singular extract of a private letter from California :— ' I have been, as you know * eight years in California, and am yet unmarried' My friend Mr. C ? has lately left for Scot- land, and I have given him a commission to bring me out a wife of the following deserin tiou-not less than six feet, blue eyes « i auburn hair. I am either to marry her or „ a forfeit of 10,000 dollars. I do nope as ^ as the country is a little more settled, about ton thousand first-rate girls would start for Cal forma We have goods enough and go Id enough, but we want wives.' Only think of man advertising for a wife six feet high. Potato Planting.— From Bell's lVMhl Messenger— The experience of the present year leaves but small room to hope that «-» shall speedily pet rid of the fatal bisease which for some years past has rendered the potato crop so very precarious. It is diffirult to imfl gine a season more favourable to the potatoe than the magnificent season we have mst « pcrienced ; but although, owing to the icniark ably fine dry autumn, the tubers have been generally sound and of the finest quality vct during the month of August, the stems Vere almost universally affected j and there cannot be the slightest doubt in the minds of those who have carefully watched the disease, that a wet August or September would have destroyed the greater portion of the crop. Under these circumstances, therefore, it becomes us to take all possible precautions to secure a sound mod next year. The safest plan, we believe, is to plant largely during the present month, for'™, neral experience has shown, thatautumn- planted crops are less liable to the disease tiinu those planted in the spring, Rnd, being earlier, have generally pretty well ripened their tubers bpfm,. the period at which the disease usu ally mjl!(es its appearance. The ground is now in a good condition for planting, and we strongly recommend our readers to take the opportunity of planting a fair brendtb. To secure the tubers from frost, they should be planted at the depth of about six inches, and the ground should be closed over them pretty firmly. If the ground has the least tendency to wetness, by all means drain it well before you plant the seed. We would caution our readers not to plant any of the varieties of the early ash leaved kidney potatoe till the spring, as these potatoes are very impatient of deep planting; und if put in six inches deep, many of the tubers would never vegetate. This is a fact to be always borne in mind when planting the asl- leaved varieties, and is the chief secret of their frequent failure. Slavery in the Bkazils.— A slave was flogged one evening for some offence, under our windows. The instrument used was one tail of rope, with a single knot ; the fellow seemed well used to it, and dodged so adroitly that the post came in for the grcaier part of the blows ; nevertheless, lie made as much noise as if it was really dreadful punishment. Many persons send their slaves out in the morning, to earn, by labour of any kind, a certain sum ; and if they return in the evening without the full amount, they suffer for it. The emancipated slaves exceed nil other owners in cruelty and oppression. Englishmen, who, of course, are not permitted to own slaves, though, to their shame be it said, they often do hire them of the natives : they are compelled to this, as no free man will perform the dirtier meniid of fices. It frequently happened, on your calling an ebony-coloured fellow to do something— empty your water, pull off your boots, or whnt not— that he would sa3', ' I will send a black fellow to do it, sir.' Many are very useful servants, and adepts at the different trades; these frequently run away, and detection is very diflicult : some escape in this way, earn enough to purchuse their freedom, and dwell in peace for the rest of their lives. Neivly-imported slaves are not allowed to be sold in Rio ; old ones are. This prohibition is easily and fre quently eluded. The slave market is a miser able hole ; at least, such it seemed from the glimpse I caught of it. A young and very handsome girl was put up for auction, anil filially knocked down to a villainous, profligate looking Creole ; poor girl ! I wished her ft kind master, but she herself seemed careless of the event. Little fat, round, nigger babies are haw ked about for sale, and offered to passers by at a very smnll price, perhaps by their own mothers ! I saw one bought, and the seller, a great fat negress, put the money into her purse, and turned away, evidently thinking she had made a capital bargain. Many of the slaves, or free black women, who hawk about baskets of fruit, tapes, anil other small wares, arc very richly adorned : they wear turn upon turn of massive gold chains round their necks, and ou their arms, and rich heiivy ear- rings. They ate frequently most coble looking women, tail, und wondwously well made Some of both sexes (free, I suppose) strut about, togged out in the last, new fashions. Of course nil heavy labour falls on the slaves j it is they who pull the huge boats, after ench stroke rising up on the bench before them, entering, their oar into rthc water, and then fulling back in tbe stroke, thus giving the whole weight of their bodies. The speed attained by this method of rowing is very great All' the porterage, too, fells tt their lob f ? « cart to be seen in Rio. Tbey ran along '5,'their loads in gangs, the foremost carrying ™ttle and the rest shouting in time to Ins 1 -The masters, with an eye to the ever Sir welfare of their slaves, always have them 'So' their arrival in the Brazils; they KrS names, and are admitted within nilcof the church: Some ore even com iiMtoattend mass: but as instruction in this !££„» idoktry-for, to them, what else can ' ,'Vis not thought necessary, probably the fcnUvs. which are holidays, are the brightest Kd chief articles of their faith.- »f«/- Z/s tour Years in the Pacific. * WERSTITION AND QUACKERY — An CX wordinary dcvelopcment of the existence of fflUtition and qunckcry has just taken place h the course of the proceedings of an inquest ! ij on the body of a child at I'ast Dean, Gloucestershire. It seems that the children of shoemaker, named Hayncs, were playing Lethcr, when one of them, aged four years, midciI Louisa, put the tongs into the fire, uted them, and then wantonly seized her roimgcst sister, Emma, with them by the neck, iherebv inflicting two very severe burns. The children were left in the care of an elder brother, nbodid not perceive the intentions of his rois oliieroim sister until too late to prevent them. flour, linseed oil, and lime water were applied t0 the burns, and for four days the child's uounds were healing in a satisfactory manner, then, bj1 the advice of some old women in the neighbourhood, the parents of the child suf ffred a Mrs. Milling, living near, to apply an ointment spread upon cabbnge leaves, to the munil, in lieu of the previous application of linseed oil, &c.; This had the effect of creating (onsidernble local inflamation ; and, after two fcs, the cabbage lenves were removed and another quack doctrcss was allowed to practise upon (lie little sufferer. This second woman, those name is Jane Veman, and who lives at Cindcrford, in the Dean Forest, and who pro fessed to have cured many people by the appli cition of an ointment and pronouncing a ' my s terious dinrm,' got her sister, Ann Bradley, to prepare the salve, which she (Yeman) ap plied, at the eame time muttering the following cliarm, as she called it, in a peculiar dialect : — 'Three angels come out os the wliost; One cries ' Fire,' another ' Frost ;' To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' The poor child gradually got worse. The in flamotion and sloughing of the wounds increased hut the infatuated parents, believing in the supernatural powers of tlie woman (Yeman), and putting implicit fnith in the pronounced clinrm, suffered their offspring to linger in tor ture for fire days longer, when death came to her release. Medical assistance was at hand, biitthe ignorant parents refused to call for it, and the child died in consequence. Of course, when the farts came to the knowledge of the authorities, a coroner's inquest wns held, and. nfccr one adjournment of the jury, who hesitated nlietlier it was not their duty to iind a verdict nf manslaughter against Yeman, Bradley, and Milling, returned a special and lengthy verdict. finding 'That Ann Milling Itnd prescribed a ilanjrerous and rash remedy, and was otherwise piilty of negligence..' They also found 'that Yeman was rash in relying on the ointment rliarin,' and also in prohibiting the parents callinp in medical advice at a time wlwn the de reased was in danger, nnd gradually sinking Lastly, they found that 'Although the eon ihiet of Jane Milling and Ann Yeman amounted to (treat and serious' culpability, rashness, and negligence, yet the same docs not, in our 'pinion, amount to a legally criminal and fe lonious culpability, rashness and ne»lij:ence.' Electmo Sub-marine Telegraph. — The ror.cession signed by Louis Napoleon nnd the Minister of the Interior, M. Dufiiurc, granting to Messrs J. Brett. Toche, & Co., the right to fstaWish an electric telegraph line bet wee1. France and England, by a sub-marine commu nication across the Channel, has arrived in tonn, The company propose to establish, by means of the electric telegraph, an instant com munication between the two countries. The patentee guarantees that this telegraph shall, by ?he aid of a. single wire and of two persons only (the one stationed in France nnd the other iii England), be capable of printing, in clear Ro man type (on paper), 100 messages, of 15 words weh, including addresses nnd sinnstures, all leaily for delivery in 100 constructive minutes Deaf and Dumb Tea Party.— We (\Un NiesUr Guardian) witnessed last night, for a few minutes, a very interesting scene, in a social party of deaf and dumb persons, held nt Wo venden's dining-rooms, Market-street. The wtMion of the meeting wns to celebrate the anniversary of an association formed by pupils »™- have quitted the establishment 'on the 'tratford-ruad, a'd who meet every Sunday for ™ purpose of receiving religious instruction 'part from the distinctive tenets of any sect. A similar institution exists in Edinburgh, the present being the 20th year of its duration ; wo another in London, the anniversary of Wucb was also celebrated last night The members of the Manchester Association had assembled to the number of about 100, mostly }oung men and women, and nil evidently in the «joyment of high cheerfulness nnd spirits. «ter tea speeches were made through the me ;'*of,th« and dumb alphabet, and were Wnied with. manifest interest nnd attention. Z.V i R,' the raaf-'- °f the institution, 1UM« by her assistants, Miss Magson, Miss Harrison, nnd Miss Goodwin, had the rare for tune of presiding nt these silent tc.i tables. Mr. James Ucrriott took the chair in the latter part of the evcring, nnd there were also pre sent Mr. Mnrsdcn, of Wnkefield ; Mr Whit field, of Dublin ; Messrs. Mugson, Hogg, &c.; It is the intention of this association to build a chapel as soon as they can obtain the necessary funds. The Right fion. T. B. Macaulay has recently -been elected a Bencher of Lincoln's Inn. The circumstances under which the election took place are equally honourable to the society and to Macaulay. This distinction is, it wilt be re collected, usually restricted to Queen's counsel, a dignity which Mr. Macaulay has not attained, he having, as is well known, long ceased to practice at the bar. The right lion, gentleman's nfline, however, remained on the society's books. Some short time ago he sent in the usual formal notice to have his imine erased therefrom. On the receipt of this notice, Vice Clmneellor Knight Bruce brought the subject under the consideration of the bench, and by a very large majority it was resolved to call, in the person of Mr. Macaulay, an outtcr barrister to the bench of Lincoln's-inn. The Jews iu Rvssio. — St. Petcrslvrgh, Dec. 15\. — The imperial ukase of 1845, commanding that by the 1st of January, 1S50, every Israelite of the empire shall be .prohibited from appear ing in the Jewish costume, and shall adopt cither the Russian or French costume, under pain of annual fine, varying from three to thirty roubles, has now been carried into full execution. The Russian Jews no longer ap pear in their own costume. Quack .Ionknalism in Paris. — In the lowest depth there is aluays, p.s Milton says, a lower still, nnd French publishers are giving a proof of this ; for, not content with attempting to bribe the public to buy books and engra vings, by giving to each purchaser tickets in two lotteries now on foot, some of them have actually brought out a journal, in which they offer, I defy you to guess what — gratuitous medical attendance and cheap medicines to sub scribers ! I really am not hoaxing you. There is, I repeat, at this, moment a journal which gravely pledges itself to find every tick sub scriber a doctor for nothing, and to get hiin physic below the usual rate. — Paris Correspon of the Literary Gazette. 