LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. WHO IS THE MAN OF THE PEOPLE ? — Amongst the countless ordinary and extraor- dinary interrogatories weekly submitted to us for solution is the above which, though flowing from an anonymous pen, we deem of sufficient public importance to endeavour satisfactorily to answer. Who is the Man of the People ? As in a magic glass, many candidates for this, the highest honor of citizenship, pass in review be- fore us, yet see we none surpassing the first, who, in the character of Sydney's Ch ef Magis- trate has so immeasurably exceeded his prede- cessors in office in the temporary government to which he has in turn succeeded. All honor then be to GEORGE HILL—the Man of the People — the man who rules by love rather than by fear, and yet whose inflexibility of purpose, while it commands the respect of good men, serves to intimidate the evil-doers. We have but to look back one short week to witness the application of the severest possible test to the pos tion we have advanced—to the period of the recent election for the city, when the thoughtful discre- tion of the Mayor alone averted the bursting of the political storm whose thunders growled around us. Will any dare to gainsay our reply to our unknown correspondent that GEORGE HILL IS THE MAN OF THE PEOPLE ? A DUCK OF A CAB.—One gentleman Johnson or Jones or Robinson or some other out of the way name, but at all events an Ameri- can Captain, created a great sensation in Pitt- street, opposite Faris' Hotel on Tuesday night. The Captain hired cab No. 52 at the wharf for himself and a couple of ducks ; the interior of the cab for himself and the boots for the quack- ing dual. On arriving at Faris' a dispute arose about the fare, 52 insisting upon seven and six, while the Captain would only tender half a crown " What !" cried the latter in the gruffest of all voices, seven and six from the wharf to here ?" " Hold hard" rejoined 52, " not includin and quite forgettin I 'spose the two hours I ve bin a drivin you all about this here precious town. Look at the state them animals is in. Vy you're drunk." At this stage of the proceedings when both parties were at the highest pitch of street- oratory, Constable Tim Callaghan made his appearance and enquired into the rights of the affair. " Now boys, what s de row ?" " Why that vagabond" replied the Captain " won't give me my ducks " " Fair, an dat's bad." said Tim ; " did he obtain thim clandacintly or fraudthu- l ntly " " The divil a bit." cried 52, not fancy- ing Tim's general mode of arbitration, which too frequently ended in the watch-house for cabmen, " the devil a bit ; he put the ducks into the boot himself, and he shan't have them till he pays me my fare" " Here's half-a- crown, you rascal." exclaimed the Captain. " and to show you how much I care about the infernal ducks, I'll give 'em to the boys." Hereupon he made a snatch at the birds, and threw them amongst the crowd, who immedi- ately began to scramble for them like lads at a fair for a handful of halfpence. In the twink- ling of an eye the birds were off, past all re- covery ; and the Captain, apparently well satis- fied, went into the Hotel to finish his night a spree, while No 52 departed lamenting. MAY IT BE CARRIED.—The following is a copy of the Bill before the Legislative Coun- cil to abolish the odious tax upon newspapers : Whereas, by a certain Act of the Governor and Legislative Council of New South Wales, present in the thirteenth year of the reign of Her pre- sent Majesty Queen Victoria, intitled. " An Act to establish an uniform rate of postage, and to consol date and amend the lay for the convey- ance and postage of letters," it was amongst other things enacted, that printed newspapers forwarded by post should be liable to a postage of one penny for each newspaper, whether such postage be pre-paid or otherwise : And whereas it is necessary and desirable that the said charge for postage on printed newspapers forwarded by post should be abolished : Be it therefore en- acted by his Excellency the Governor of New South Wales, with the advice and consent of the Legislative Council thereof, that from and after the thirty-first day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, so much of the said recited Act as enacts that printed newspapers forwarded by post shall be liable to a postage of one penny for each newspaper, whether such postage be pre- paid or otherwise (and which is contained in the nineteenth section thereof), should be and is hereby repealed, anything in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. THE MAYOR'S FANCY BALL.—Mr. Dick- inson, of George-street, tailor and costumier, requests us to inform parties who have received invitations to attend the Ball on the 22nd of August, that it is highly necessary they should give him immediate instructions with respect to their costume, otherwise he will not guarantee its correctness. Mr. D. has (in order to ensure fidelity) obtained copies of those celebrated works — Planche's Costumes of all Nations, Mevrick s Ancient Armour, Chevalier Bour- donnais, Louis Quatorze, Lewis' Spain, Grouse's Moors, Bare's Greece, and Signor Turk's Dar- danswells. With such works of reference, Mr. D. flatters himself that the most fastidious taste can be suited to a nicety. But early orders are necessary. A WORD OR TWO WITH A REALLY GREAT MAN.—Our old and much respected friend Stubbs gave us the following wrinkles yesterday, for which we publicly express our gratitude.— " Have you read the Sydney Morning Herald's London correspondent's last lot ?" " Only a portion of it. Mr. Stubbs." " Don't read the whole, Sir—don't, I entreat. Waste of time, Sir—waste of time. It's like the tail of a pea- cock, or the whole body of a seed potatoe, full of I's." " But, Mr. Stubbs, as you can see so far, what construction do you put upon this pa- ragraph of The London Correspondent, which runs thus—' This is very awful ; your paper of 10th of August last has had great weight in England in reference to the important Austra- lian measure now before Parliament,' " " What construction do I put upon it, Sir ? This, Sir ! Humbug to begin with—awful it is—and as for weight, Sir, damme, Sir—I was going to swear, I beg your pardon—that number of the 10th of August, or 10th of any other month, has lead enough in it to weigh down all the prize bullocks that ever were exhibited in London from Christ- mas 1801 to Christmas 1850, and Donkey Lon- don Correspondent chucked into the scale by way of a make weight." " Surely, Mr. Stubbs, you are to severe in your remarks " " Too se- vere, Sir ! can't be too severe on an impostor, a Little Pedlington politician. Look here, Sir,— wait till I put my specs. on. Ah, here — yes it is. Listen—I'll give you the man's own words, Sir, if he is a man, may be a monkey for all I know :—here they are, Sir :—' We all thought we stood a pretty fair chance of war arising out of the Greek affair : but I (dot that I, Sir, in your memory, Sir) am happy to see the " Powers" are wise enough to keep their hands off. Still Russia is to be viewed with some sus- picion.' What do you think of that, sir for a flight of fancy : first he spells himself like Samivel Veller with a ' We.' and then turns his back on that to look after his I. lt's all my eye, Sir, take my word : Little Pedlington, with fifty-two guiñéis ,'i-year. poslago included, is nbrjit tho mark. Sir. and, tako my word fur lt, Sir, Stubbs** word, devilish dear nt tlio price," " Hut really. Mi%*,Stubtn, don't you tíntate--,'. " Yes, Sir, t do, and iris beùausn I think that I h ivo given you th« .above, opinion. Lei »thur peiplo think, tai..Hud they won't bo so easily gulled. Good monrng, sir, good morning." CON. «Y A I\ O. Cu -AV hy . were thorp no .pnstago stamps lu-Henry thrs. plghth's timo f Because- a tiucoii's head waml't worth a ponny. . \ . j' '. . -' - " -. . A SHIP-SHAPE REPORT OF A NAUTICAL SPREAD.—fírniAi».-A fleet of tncrclittiittrieri having been ! be-cnlmed otj the line, nini run »hort of grub. Hie «hip»' ho.it» «-ere manned on Weiliie»djy evening nnil put off for thc Circular Wharf, w'iero tin.« crews l.aii'leil and crowded nil uni! for iii« I fine craft .' Custom House," Captain (Pinkett. ' Precisely at 8 hell« th«; merry piping <«!'.. nil lian !« to dinner'' summoned tit«-- lironi" vi«agod . mis nf Neptune tu the cud ly. whore M *. St«'«-. . arl l'y kr hid miLtc- roifa Ñriah-.irklr.il collec- tion nt the good tilings nf this world fur thu «pa- riai di-i-ii«isii,ii nf hi« silt-watoi' giiest«. Ci.prrn I. D. Nichols having been voted to th.; eon uiand. thu hutelo»* were remuer».I, and the sa- vour of the sm.iliug vi iuds speed.ly filled the cahill fore and aft. Hudson's celel. -ate 1 hand was in attendance in tho saloon lea.ling tu th» . tun. or rather hall-room adj lini.ig. and its ; enlivening strains cheered the g ill int larson : to tho attack. The re-nlt may he briefly told - the boarders, knives in Inn.!, m ole a ole in sweep of i', mi.! a trebb- al'nirunei» «if grog was the fruit of their victory over the sro it eie'iiiy - " s iort commons,"' who-n they routed with .signal Biiec.-ss amidst the cheers, nf the entire fleet. At H bells, a rn ,r«ll hands made sail, an 1 brought up snugly in their respect vc berths, the signal streaming from e.tuh mast lic.nl of-" Catilctt confesses th it every man his done his duty.' SISTERLY LOVE.—On Thursday evening about eight o'clock a quarrel ensued between two women of the town, sisters, named Murphy, residing in Philip- street. In the heat of passion one of them threw a jug at the other, which in- flicted a severe wound in her head. She was immediately conveyed to the Infirmary where she still remains. APPOINTMENTS.—Thomas Baillie, Esq., of Polkemmet, Horsham ; Robert Tarver Fire- brace, Esq., of V is, Wimmera ; Thos Henry Pyke, Esq., of Upper Werribee ; John Ralston, Esq., of Roseneath, Glenelg River, to be Ma- gistrates, all in the District of Port Phillip FINE ARTS.—The attention of connoi- seurs is invited to the magnificent collection of oil paintings now on view and on sale at the Australian Mart. Market-street, East. As a miscellaneous selection, they are the choicest lot ever submitted to public exhibition in this metropolis. Artists and amateurs will be de- lighted by a promenade in Mr. S mmons' gallery, and purchasers will find there gems of the high- est order of art, and hitherto unrivalled in the colony, A PARRY-IILP.—It is with extreme gra- tification that we have it in our power to an- nounce that the learned antagonist of the no less learned (not admitted) city councillor, whose feats of arms were recorded in our last, . had so far overcome the effects of his recent rencontre as actually to have treated his admir- ing friends with a nobbler last evening LOCAL LITERATURE.—The first number of the Australian Era, a monthly magazine treating of the political and literary topics of " the land we liv ein," lies before us. From the very cursory glance our laborious editorial duties have permitted us to allot to its pages, we can- not enter into so detailed a criticism of its in- . ro«luctory matter as it d. serves : but the whole , of the articles bear ample evidence of sterling : genii!«, .and we strongly reen'nnieiid lt to the , perusal of the Australian literati. All aldo j treafse on" Police Ueform'' is not the least ad- j uiirahle nf its contenu. From the .irkiimvlodgeil j talent of tho gentleman under wlm-e remine". ¡ this now candidate for ibo patronage of the ! reading community tnai.pi its dcl'iit. we prog- | noNtieatc for it a success immeasurably exceed- ing that of th.» many periodicals which have preceded lt. A RKUIY K.CI-:KONI*U.-" What time is it, Tom?'' " Just time enough to pay that little account you owe mc." " Oe, indeed ! Well I did'nt think it was half go late." INTKIIKSTINO TO AUSTRILI ANS.- Tile F.i tl of the '2 kb of March says, " tb re is at present residing in Southampton au old man, named Wade, the last survivor of Captain Cook's companions in his voyi^os round tho | world. He is nini'ty-niiie years of age, and n in possession of all his faculties. He was pro sent nt Captain Conk's death, and himself re- ceived a spear wound from one of thc islanders." [lt is hut a few months hack that the death of the ri'lict of th:» king i f. O-alie-ie took place, ami lhere ls xtill .-in ( ltafo.-iluiu jiving who ru members tin» untimely fa>' of th" IntrepMiitid oiit-rprising Cool,.- hus ll. L S.J Tim G KUM IN PIIINCK.-The Prince Fredorirk of S.-h'.oss t g Holstein, cousin (.or- man to Her Majesté, only hid the opportunity of g;vlng our city the light of his pr-senee fol- som" threo or four days, h" hiving 'ie m com- pelled to sail for lu«! a by tue timk nf Ena'* nd on Thursday. During his brief stay lie w.s en- tertained by His I'.xeeliency thu . înwrnur. and ' a grand ball iva« givrn at Gn-einm -nt 11 ouse- in ; honor of " The Illustrons Stranger.'' Nearly ; I five hundred of the fl'ite i-.er.i present The ? Prince ha l the pie isare nf «latictiig with Miss I Jessie Stephen, Miss Innis, and Miss Therry. j ' and ho really seemed to feel, as any princely 1 ! heart would, that thc ladles hail conferre I au ] '? honour upon lfiin, which it wau not tn his power ¡ I tu bestow. Tho hail »as a capital adair. lu i j order that the Prince should have a. tasto of tho I sporting amusements ol .. Our District." Young George throw oil at Waverley with the hounds ¡ two hours later than usual; lint the Prince «lid | not shew. It is understood that His Highness I .iii! return ns speedily as possible to forma j German Palatinate ¡M. the southern districts. ¡ THE PATENT HARMONIUM.- ! Messrs Sigmont and Emanuel's concert last evening was sc'.crtly ami fjishiftii illly attended. « hen the full powers of this extraordinary instru- ment were for tho second timo displayed to the delight of tboso assembled. Tho exquisite touch of Mr. Sigmont. thu no less thrilling contralto of Madame Gautrot, ami tito duel ts of the two professors, elicited the warmest applause. Tho musical community will not regret availing them- selves of tho next opportunity aflonled I hem of participating in snell another treat ns that of which wo so gratefully partook at the lloyal, last night. Tho concert will bo repeated on au cai ly day, of which duo notification will bo given. A SurrFR TABLE CON.-When is Alder- man Fisher liku a ghost.? When he's a gob- bling. DITTO UT A DUEAMKR.-When is a bed not n bcd ? When it** a little buggy. DITTO WY l-l.Y MW.-Why is an oyster illili ko anything elso in nature ? . because it bas a beard without u chin, and is taken out of bed to bo tucked in. CON, UY SUSAN.-Why.are_lliree couples about to ho married dike ¡I trumpet ? ilecausu they go two-two-two. % QUALIFICATION OF MP.MBEHS.-Charles Dotson Kbdcn's, an estate in freehold of £'20"0 vatuo In tho city of Melbourne ; tYii.ii.tn Drum- mond Mercer's, nu estatq In freehold of tho value of £20UO. in tho County i f Grant, near Geelong ; John Dunmoro Lang, 1J.D '*. auvoral colleges, several placo* of worship, mid several other valuable buildings nnd castles t'n tiii6ir.it«. not worth mentioning-also, ii good self-notiiul ing braten trti'iipot, worth, nobodykuowsbulhim sclf how murh money. ''. SiiowtNa CAUSR "-A rnlo NISI having been obtained In tho People's Court, in tho case of " Introduction of Dr. Lang to tho llouso versus G. ll. Nichols,'' tho ilofondant was cnlh'd upon to ïho>v omise why it should not bo mado absoluto Ho did this in the following curt manner-" May it pleaso yon Pooplo, K.verybody sahl I was tho biggest rogue in tho Council, and I thought by introducing the Doc- tor that the burden would bo shilled from my Shoulders " Itulo discharged with cut>ts. A LICKNSKO iToKK.- On Thursday ti meeting of tho Magistrate* was convened nt tho Poliee-otllee, for tho ptir'po«o of considering tho applications of 'Licenood Victuallers for trans- fers. Amongst tho J. Ps. wero tho Mayor and Mr. K. D. D.y. Tho latter gentleman mado several objections, and particularly one against a transfer from Dalmain to ? Pyrmont, upon which the Mayor had dcolared tho " nyes" to bo in favor. However, to accommodate Mr. Diy'» wimples, tho. Mayor put th» question Hgain. Theroupou-Mrr Day sahl. 'JWrtn amongst tho Noos.'1 " Ató-son t", said tho providing inugistr.tto, carefully scruthtir.ing tho rotes, and sr.nnnliig lim obj otnr's 'prominent na» il organ, "adíen l.beg to infoi'iii-you that tho ', NOJO \ hus le»Vit-'' ". UIow It ! ' muttered D nny. BANU ANO ANTIOOTK.-Tn the " S. M. fTcraM'' of Thursday. Mr. James Smith Norrie, ttie celebrated analytical chemist, lia» published «hat be call- a triomphant answer to tbo attaclts made upon bis poison character by Mr. n'IJcck étt ; bot th . only information which ive can gather from Mr. Norrie's learned and lucid epistle is-" First - that li- pursued his studies in the laboratory and not in the class-ronni : and. secondly -that he is very v r.1 sorry to ho compelled to acense Mr. u'lt..rhett with a direct and ¡.»ross falsehood " This l ingua:", is. of course, meant ina Pickwickian so,.se, for it is im- possible tn'eoue 'ive that a Norrie would descend to write r.-.i' persoitnlitos. Not that a fear of consequence*, nrnopullinglv ami hnr«i"vhippi cally «po .king, would deter him, but a sense d ie to the extremely exalted position which lu» hold in the estimation of all the le irned bnd.es spread over tho face of the broad earth ought. Norrie's New Antidote tr, his Old italie iscertainly a novel p!n«e in science. But genius wis, is. and ever will he, eccentric. CsPTsiN "-TSN'I.KY CsRR-The Port- land Guardian" s ivs-" The shrewd intelligence nf that gentleman at once discovered the eligi- bility of Fenian 1 as a part of tho province for the scene o''his operations, in tho osfih!i«huieiit ufa Herman village. Captain Carr, we under- stand, lias determined itpnu the purchase of land here, and to inske Portland thc» centre of operations to brin-r emigrants to this port direct, in German vessels, »rid to e«ta* lisb hi« first village near the township, where both the young Prince and himself «ill very generally reside. Already has this gentle nan. we be- lieve, ma le a purchase of the station of Messrs. Kims and I-ang. at Mount Napi »r. and pur- poses to make this port the place of shipment for its produce. " Captain - is a fine looking man, isn't lie ?" s lid an old friend of ours the other . dav. " Yes." renlied another. " I wa* taken for him once." "You! why you're ns ugly a« sm '." " I don't care for that-I endorsed his noto, and I was taken for him hythe slientf.'* SrAMrs,-The want of stamps al the ' different post-offices throughout the interior is a '? very serious inconvenience, and the neglect nf I the government in not supplying them highly : censurable. It would seem as if the object was ! to prevent the post-paying of letters, in order ! to increase tho revenue, hut wc c m scarcely 1 consider such a disgraceful manoeuvre pn-«ihlo, and therefore attribute the want solely to m»g i ligeoce. From whatever causo arising, the eib'et j ; to lim public is tho same, and should be instantly | ' removed. - lUtfatt ft'sett*. ! i Pni'-ntcriDNs.-He who has a high fore- j ; head will have his eyes under it. and live all ; ! the days of his life. He who has a long nose ¡ I will have the more to blow, and the better tn | i han Ile. Hw that is bald will he likely to have j I nu hair: bur. if he happens to have any, it will j ; not he on tho bald place. i j S «. cut Fl CK l''xTRsonntv».RY.-A news- ! paper advertisement announces that " A prüfe«- j I «ional gentleman is iiistru 'te l to sacrifiée Timei: : ; .voling sound HOIISKS al half their cost." We I 1 wonder w'uat deity horses could he sacrificed to ? . ! II vu «M perhaps: for when a gentleman mar- 1 ries he is sometimes fjrcuJ to give np his stud. ! I GM.I.\NT CAPTURK OF A G INO OF . ! !IoitsK«T>:u.r.ns.-Wo are glad to lu» able to an ! nomico the capture of tho scoundrels who re I cently committed the robbery of sixteen horse« ! from the Moulamein district The fellows were i . hotly pursued liv Messrs. p. Ii ningham, J. P., ( John and Kotiert Kennedy, ami one of the | Moulamein constabulary, who came up with the '. j robbers and their booty below the Darling, and . in their praiseworthy exertions to punish out- i j rage had actually ridden nearly .'ei-^u Au "ir?-I j i mi'?» ! Tin» priso-iers are safely secured in 'h..» ; Moul-miP'n look-up. and wo consider the country ? inle'ite 1 to tho gallant and untiring little haul . of pursuers f ir the persever ince -ind «u-cess with which thev priseenf "d their arduous hunt.-Mri' bourne Mnrni.il ll.-ra'd. IvSl'KCroRS UK Dt>iTÍ!.t>'Rll.'S.-Iiis V.K eelleney the Governor h i« appointe 1 the f.,!|ow I i"g persons to be Inspectors of Distilleries, ¡viz ¡-Mr. Hur'i O'Neill, c'iief constable al j Tumut : John Mo ire, chief cams-able nt : Hab-amill ; and Mr. Ja nes Chamber-, chief j .«t ibie.it W agga Waggt. ¡ ' Oun Frt.T.'iw-intp.-Tits R »"ian dt ho ' lie Hi-bop ('lr. G v.M) took orei.iou ie ftliv. at the S'. Fri tc « t'hu'-e'i. to a l-. ,-: t . a st\u< immt ».ut! Ñuta in on - nf the Melbourne j .urna', of Satar iav, relative to t'i" allege I ar in.-e m-nt of th.» ,|..:) .,.""....« .v 1 to ,-xi«t ("»twee-, libn and th.» Melbourne Odd Fellows. Iii« I.nr.!«h!p denied the truth of th » ass.-rr lon i «o ' nt ide. au 1 d-elare 1 that he neve di 1. an 1 nevi- ' . nun'! recognise any «e.-ret S r'ie'ie« His ¡ ? Lordship d d not specify the name of any par- j : tb'tilur society, hut his remarks were supposed ! to hive been elioited in consequence of his re- puted reen nitiou of tli-» Odd Fellows. In con- I I nectinn willi this subject, we have been given to 1 understand that tho Unman Catholic 0.1.1 Fel- ¡ lows of Melbourne have held several meetings ¡ at the Olive linnell publie house, within tho j i last week, and transmitted a mein irial to Dr. j I Goold, soliciting an andiene;» from him. to which j request hi» Lordship refused to acocdj.-Mel- \ 6.uiriie Morning Herald. ' I A Cnl'f-trninn llnmnnre. -Th» Arteriran I Citizen (Phil ubdphi.i) slates that» party Tram | j Maine, now in California, found, muir the Ssrrn ! menlo, and almo»t 30 miles from any other j i digging, two tn tel I m en t and beautiful young ' ladies, with no attendant except un nhl grey- headed nrgro, whom they had enticed to aerum- j pany them, and who is the servant of the father ¡ of one of them. Tin» el 'est of these girls was not 20. lt seems tln lr ImauinHtion had become rxcited by the gold stories which they bsd heard, and they had determined to try their ' hands at making a fortune. The old negro wa* past work, nnd was left in th- camp during . the day tn look after the household nillirs. und ; krpp watch, while I lie girls pursued their mill- ing operations. Vinn the pitty ri-srlieil the camp the old darkey wa* alone in it, but the girls came in during the d*y and received their visitors hospitably. They expressed nu fear of liri II H molested or robbed, and said that they should leave for home when they had accumulated 10.1100 dollars- they- had already gathered 7,000 j dollars. Tiley were fruin F'ontU, and the . youngest ran away from school to enter upon thc exp« dition. Piit'x Idea of the ilrnth of the Righteous, Two friend*, one a native of Lancashire, thp other an 'Hibernian, being in conversation toge- ther, the latter asked the former, " What dcilli he would wish to die?" Th» answer was, .. Let me die the death ¿if the righteous;" " Och, my dear !" replied Pat, " that you'll nevur do tis long as you live." To wipe all tear* from off all fares is a task too hard for mortals ; lint to alleviate misfor- tunes is within the molt li i ni ted power. Relief, like « young puppy, is lin rn blind, and must swallow whatever foul ls given to it; when it cnn see, it saters for itself. Praise ls sn pleasing to t'»e mind of man, that il is the original motive nf nhnust all our actions. 