VARIETIES. j BEAR WITH PATIENCE.-Two Yankees were ¡ strolling about in ike woods without any arms j in their possession, and observing a bear as ; cending a tree with its huge paws clasped round the trunk, one of them ran forward and caught the bear's paws one in each hand. He instantly called out to bis comrade-" Jonathan, I say, go home and bring me something as fast as you can, till I kill the varmint ; mind, don't stay, for Tm in a fix." Jonathan ran off as fast as he could, but was an exceedingly long time in returning. During the interval the bear made several desperate attempts to bite the hand of him who held it. At length Jon athan came back. " Hallo, Jonathan, what the deuce has kept you P " Jonathan replied, ** Well, I'll tell you : when at home breakfast was about ready, and I guessed it would be as well to wait for it." *' Here now, Jonathan," said his companion, " come you and hold it, and I'll kill the critter in a jiffy." Jonathan seized the bear's paws, and held the animal while the other could kill it. "Well, Jonathan, have you got hold of him?" "I guess I have," replied Jonathan. " Very well, hold him fast : I guess I'll go to dinner."- New York Jour nal. KEMBLE'S BLUNDER, OR THE HORSE AND THE LADY.-A ludicrous circumstance oc curred one morning during Kemble's manage ment at Covent garden. A gentleman was shown into the green-room, whose object was to treat about an engagement for his daughter, but as about this hour a horse-dealer had been appointed to call, the manager, whose head ran very much upon his stud, mistook one for the other, and began asking the father of Melpo mene, " How old is she ? " " Sixteen last May' sir." " Oh, she's aged then, and wont do for hard work ; pray is she quiet ? " *« Perfectly, I never knew a gentler creature." "Has she been long in town ?" "I only brought her up with me a week ago from East Grinstead." " Has she been properly handled ? " *' Mr Thelwall has given her some lessons." " Has she ever been between the pillars ? " " Sir, I don't.understand you." " Well, well, no matter; if your terms are moderate, I dare say we shall not differ." " That I leave entirely to your self; she is below, shall I bring her up to you ?" ** Bring her up ! oh, no (smiling grimly) give her to my groom, h 3'll put her into a stall till I come down to look at her." "Into a stall, sir?" «'Yes, sir, into a stall to be sure; and as you say she is quite gentle, and I presume, perfectly sound, I am determined to try her myself ; my friend Morton is writing a melodrama in which I am to perform, and I am determined, should we close the bargain, to make my first entree upon her back! " " Upon her back?" upon my daughter's back, sir? Sir, do you mean to affront me ? " Sir, I beg ten thousand pardons, but don't you come from the Cumberland Mews?" "No, I come from East Grinstead." « With a mare ?" « No, with my daughter." u Bless my soul, sir, I have been betrayed mto a great mistake, but I am glad we happened to be alene-solemnly taking a pinch of snuff)-6uch meetings should be private."-London Anecdotes. THEM'S UM.-"I say captain," said a little keen eyed man, as he landed from the steamer Potomac at Natchez, " I say, captain, these here arn't ali. I have left somethin* on board, that's a fact." "Them's all the plunder you brought on board, anyhow." " Well, see now, I grant its OK accordin* to Hst-four boxes, three chests, two band boxes, a portmanty, two hams, one part cut, three ropes of inyans, and a teakettle ; but you see, captain, Pm dumber some, I feel there's somethin* short. Though I've counted um over nine times, and never took my eyes of um wh;le on board, there's somethin not right somehow." Well, stranger, time's up ; them's all I know on ; so just fetch your wife and children out of the cabin, cos Tm off." " Them's um ! darn it, th urn's nm ! I know'd I had forgot somethin." American Paper. A TALE OP STARTXISTG INTEREST At Newport police-court, on Wednesday, Thomas Thomas, an intellgent Weichman, of good address and education, was charged with stealing a box and a quantity of wearing appa rel, at Liverpool, about a year since. The circumstances, though brief in compass, of the man's well-spun history, are sufficient for one of Mr Dickens's volumes. Born of parents well situated in the world, he received a very liberal education, and was apprenticed to the drapery business at Neath, where, some years afterwards, his employer missing some goods, had reason to suspect him ; and he was arrested, tried, and acquitted by the direction of the judge, before the case went to the jury. Returning home, his character blasted by the taint of suspicion, spurned by all except his family, and feeling disgrace attaching to his name, and having also, in an evil hour for himself, formed a precocious and ill-assorted marriage, the young man's friends saw no alternative but to send him with his young wife to America. They proceeded to Liverpool for that purpose ; there the wife disliked com mencing the voyage, her husband left her, heartlessly taking the money and goods with him, spent all in riotous living, returned to his wife again, and again deserted her. At that time, the prisoner, driven to destitution by his own profligacy, committed a breach of trust and absconded. Information was at once sent from t.ie liverpool police to the constabulary of Glamorganshire, and the police-constable, John Price, now in the Newport police, but then stationed in the county named, " looked ont for his man." The cholera appeared at Chester, however, at the time, and so great an adept in dissimulation androguery had Thomas j now become, that a copy of the registrar's entry of his death from cholera was sent to his ! friends, who mourned him as among the dead. Singular enough the wife got some information of her supposed widowhood, got a certificate to that effect from the registrar, and married a mate, who shortly afterwards died abroad of black fever. A few nights since, as police constable John Price, who wanted Thomas last year, was plodding along his beat, ruminating on the sweets of being knocked about by an Amazon, and half scalped, as one of the amusements of a policeman's life, who should he suddenly meet with but the identical Thomas Thomas, whom he once so assiduously sought for, but who thought he had a narrow and silent home long since. John rubbed his eyes, and was inclined to exorcise Thomas as a ghost, but his defective faculties being sud denly restored to him, he seized Thomas by the collar for the alleged robbery at Liverpool ¡ last, year, and locked him up.-Carmarthen Journal. ANOTHER IMPORTATION OF MONKS.-A i Popish paper says-" lt will not be long be ' fore we shall again see in England, for the first time since the Reformation, a number of monks of the Franciscan order. They are under the vow of absolute poverty, and are not allowed to tonch money. They go forth without scrip or purse. Their raiment, of the coarsest kind, serves to clothe them alike by j night or by day, and a pallet of straw is their j bed. Bristol is to be the first city to open its arms to these missionaries. A clergyman of the Church of England, and two gentlemen of tke Jewish persuasion, have taken the liabit of this order." FEARGUS O'CONNOR'S AUTOBIOGRAPHY - Feargus has commenced a magazine entitled the National Instructor ; and the Freethinker*M Magazine contains the following notice of it : -No. I. is anything but an instructor. Ita staple, which is to be continued in each num ber, is a u Life of the Editor," by himself-a most difficult task to any one but a man in possesion of that modesty for which Mr F. O'Connor is notorious. Its style is essentially superlative, and the following sentences will convey the tone of the artiele : " My grandfather was the wealthiest man in the kingdom. My grandfather kept the most splendid establish ment. My father and uncle Arthur were perhaps two of 1 " the finest looking men in the kingdom. Ditto most eloquent ditto Ditto most highly educated ditto Hy uncle's domain was the most splendid ditto My uncle Arthur passed through such an ordeal that no man in this world has ever experienced. My brother Roderick is the wealthiest man in the colony of New South Wales. My brother, Francis Burdett O'Connor was Prime Minister and Commander-in-chief to Bolivar, and i possesses an immense territory. Ditto has spent an immense fortune in promoting the welfare of the poor, i Ditto is, like myself, detested hy the ¡ wealthy, but beloved by the poor. I My oncle Arthur made the most splendid fpeech j delivered on Catholic Emancipation. My brother Arthur is the author of some of the ablest works ever written. I possess letters which some persons would give me many thousands of pounds for, but would rather crack stones on tbe road than sell them. 1 have passed through an ordeal that no other man would survive." TOBACCO.-A very fins sample of tobacco manufactured by Mr Pitt, of Maitland, has been shown in Sydney lately. It color, smell, make, and general appearance so closely re semble the American tobacco, that we have no doubt much of it is sold throughout the colony as imported. Several persons who have used it declare it to be a very superior article, and we are glad to learn that the manufac turer has a ready sale for all that he makes. Although not intended as a protection, the high duty of two shillings a pound on imported to bacco gives the colonial manufacturer such ad vantages that he ought to be able to produce an article which would command the market - Sydney Morning Herald. CALIFORNIA.-The mining season was nearly over, and there was much distress in the mer cantile community. Several of the leading houses had suspended payments. It will be seen that there had been another terrific fire, ' making the fourth within twelve months. The ¡ damage appears to be estimated at about j £60,000. As the winter was setting in early, large numbers of people were leaving the colony. -Ibid. 