LECTUHE ON THE DENOMINATIONAL SYSTEM OF EDUCATION. (To the Editor of the Moreton Bay Courier.} gIRj — Jt has been pointed out to me that nay original design of ?enabling .the inhabitants of Brisbane to hear both sides of the ques tion of' National Education will be defeated, unless I give as much publicity to my lecture as has been given to that of my friend Mr, Duncan. In handing it, therefore, to you for publication, I may remark that, as it was written during the spare moments of a rather busy time, it is not likely to be creditable to your columns, as a composition. I trust, however, that the arguments it contains are sufficiently clearly stated to enable those who are interested 'in the question of Education to take a juster view of the National System than might otherwise have been in their power. With Ibis apology for the rather obvious imperfections of the lecture, 1 remain, sir, your most obedient servant, J. WALLACE. Ma. Chairman, Ladies, Gentlemen of the Schooi. of Arts, AND OTHEES INTERESTED IN THE QuESTrON OF EDUCATION,— I ap pear before you as an advocate for Denominational Education, and, as a matter of course, an opponent to the National Schools. I de sire, moreover, to place in the forefront of this discussion the exhor tation of the Apostle, — ' Prove all things, hold fast that which is good.' And I do this, because I believe the advocates of the Na . tional system have neglected this most important maxim. Some, indeed, have attempted to prove the National system; others have taken it upon trust, and they hold fast that of which they cannot say that it is good, but only that it may be. It is easy to find fault with the Denominational System ; it is easy to say ahowy things of a National School. It may be fair to look upon, and so was the apple Eve ate, but nevertheless death was in it. Let us, then, not judge righteous judgment. It was a serious question with me whether I could do any good by appearing before you, for I know well that a good cause may receive serious damage in the hands of a bad advocate. I know well that the result of this evening's dis cussion will vibrate in the pulse of our infant country to the latest -generation, and will be felt beyond the tomb. But though I know this, and feel it, too, yet I fear that if I wait for aome abler advocate, the cause of Education may suffer in the interim. Truth is not to lie attained by hearing only one side of this important question, and therefore! appear before you that you may have an opportunity of hearing both. Let us, therefore, ' prove all things, hold fast ?that which is good.' And now, sir, ere we proceed to the subject before us, I desire to put a question to you. If two wrestlers from the famous wrestling grounds of Cumberland and Cornwall were to appear before you, and .called on you to decide who was the better man, pray, sir, how would you. settle the question ? I am sure, my friends, our worthy chairman will not be offended if I take upon me to answer the -question myself. There are two ways in which we might settle the question ; we might adopt the practical method of setting them, to wrestle, and look on till one get a fall ? and this experiment would have the advantage of deciding the question in a very summary and decisive manner. But if anything prevented our adopting this method, we might call in an anatomist or surgeon, and set him to -examine the bodilyjraroe, the muscles, and sinews of either man. We might inquire how many victories each had won — which took the most pains in perfecting his art — which exhibited the greatest spirit and courage ; and then, sir, by this analysis of either man we might draw a pretty correct conclusion which was the most de serving1- of the palm. Now, what are the Denominational and and National Systems but two wrestlers, who have appeared before you, and are asking you to decide on their respective merits. We might allow them, like the wrestlers, to fight it out ; but this would be a very slow and expensive method, — one which would take years to put in execution, and therefore we must try a shorter plan. In fact, we must strip the two systems, and examine their respective frames, their muscles and sinews, and thus determine which is the best. And it is by this method of analysis that I propose proceed ing this evening. To begin, then :— The National System has a Central Board in Sydney, to which is contided the general controul of all the National Schools in the colony ; and this board is com posed of laymen drawn from the different religious denominations, well, we also have a Central Board in Sydney, of exactly similar constitution. They receive government aid ; so do we. Under both systems, wherever a school is established, a Local Board is ?formed. So far we are alike ; but as regards the powers of the Local Boards, we are somewhat in advance, for we have considerable power over our schools and schoolmasters, whereas the Patrons of the National Schools have next to none, and are called patrons rather because they receive patronage from the Sydney Board than because they bestow it ; and this, I think, gives our system an ad vantage. But to proceed ; — In this diocese of Newcastle the Na tional Board has a travelling agent to initiate and superintend their schools ; and certainly this is a very good feature in their system. The visits of a zealous and educated man will tend much to keep their masters up to their work. What, then, have we in the De nominational System to balance this? Why, in this diocese the Denominational Board has thirty-five agents to initiate and superin tend their schools; They have one agent; we have thirty-Jive. I am an agent under the Denominational Board, and within the last three months I have initiated and established a school at Ipswich under their auspices. In fact, the agents employed by the Denomi national Board are the ministers of religion of the various denomi nations.; and I will put this question,— Are they not, as a body, as well educated, as zealous,— and are they not just thirty-five times as numerous, as the solitary agent of the National System P Let me ask, then, has our system lost anything by the comparison I am now instituting P Are we not, as we advance, gradually leaving that system in the rear P But to proceed to the question of school masters. The National System, it is said, can secure better school masters, because it gives higher salaries. What, then, is their highest salary P I am informed that the highest salary they have given is £80 per annum. Really this is a most extraordinary ar gument, for, as it happens, we give £80. One system ranges from £80 to £40 ; the other from £80 to £20. The money derived from pupils is exactly the same, and we have means of augmenting the salaries of our masters, which the National Board have not. But further, the National Board have, in Sydney, a school for the train ing and educating their masters. We have four in Sydney and one on the Hunter. In this respect we beat them five to one Again, are the National Schools cheaper to parents P No : their charges range from Is. to Id. ; ours range from Is. to nothing, for we teach the children of those who are honestly unable to pay, gratis. And, lastly, both systems have their regular sets of books, which are furnished from the depots at head- quarters. And, while on the question of books, it may, perhaps, be expected that I should reply to a challenge of my learned friend Mr, Duncan. When speaking of the National school-books, in his late lecture, he bestowed great and deserved praise upon them, and concluded with this challenge — ' Covfingant tali aliquid.' Let the Denominationals show us any thing to match these, if they can; I beg in the presence of this meeting to accept this challenge, and to present to Mr. Duncan a uuuk useu hi uur suuuuis, wuu;ii, xii my eouumuuu, is vuiy ueanjr -* match for the best book of the National System.— [Handing a book to Mr. Duncan.] Mr. Duncan will, perhaps, be good enough to read the title to the meeting. [Mr. Duncan reads—' The Holy Bible.'] I think this meeting is now satisfied that 1 can produce something to match the books of the National System. The Bible, gentlemen , is a book not used in the National Schools. It was given by God to mankind, but the Commissioners, fearing its introduction would be fatal to their system, have cut out God's book, and supply the schools with none but their own. Now, sir, I shall be obliged to any one to point out in what particular we have lost by the com parison. In fact, sir, on five points, viz., — Central Boards, Govern ment *\id, Schoolmasters' Salaries, School Charges, and Books, — we are equal. On the points of Local Boards and Agents, we have already given the National System two severe falls. In fact, I might say on three points ; for on the question of books, we can use any of theirs that we like, while they are tied down by their own regulations not to use any of our books, and especially not GodVBook — the Bible, And now, having examined the frame, the muscles and sinews of the two systems, let us f roceed to examine the education offered by each to the people. Now, as I have remarked on another occasion, a child is composed of body, mind, and soul. The body we supply with food, the mind with knowledge, the soul with motives to piety, or to use the august words of Him before whom every knee shall bow, we offer to the soul the bread of life. Now, in both systems, we leave the minor question of food to the parents, but we insist on the decency and cleanliness of the children, and I am willing to suppose that the National schools do the same. With regard then to the mind. They teach them reading and spelling, — so do we. They teach them writing and arithmetic, — so do we. They teach them history and geography, — so do we. They teach singing, — so do we. In fact, on this question, I suppose, there is no difference between us. Under both- systems we teach them what may be called Gospel morality ; we teach them (to use the words of the Church catechism) ' To hurt nobody by word or deed, to be true and just in all their dealings, to bear no malice nor hatred in their hearts, to keep their hands from picking and stealing, and their tongues from evil speaking, lying, and slandering, to keep their bodies in temperance, soberness, and chastity, not to covet or desire jother men's goods, but to learn and labour truly to get their own ?liyingf.and to do their duty in that state of life into which it shall please God to call them.' : Thus far I believe the two systems jog on quietly in parallel Iine3. But .now, sir, we approach a subject on which we diverge at once, and^ between us a great gulf is fixed. We have discussed the question of bodily and mental nourishment; now, sir, we come to exaniirie^bpw each system supplies its children with the nourishment of the soul. First then, sir, Does the National System teach Christianity P It is frequently asserted that religion is not taught at the National Schools, and I have been kindly cautioned not fall into this error;; but, I assure you the caution is quite unnecessary.^!! the National System had not taught re ligion, its death warrant would have been signed long ago. Mr. Duncan would not-have advocated it, Mr. Rusden would not have been its agent. No ! I know that the National Schools do teach religion ; and it is because tiiey do teach it that they have deceived my friend Mr. Duncan and so many others. Yes, religion is taught in the National Schools ; and, moreover, let me inform this meeting, that religion is taught in Turkey, in Persia, iu China, and Hindoostan. But the question is not, Do they teach Religion ? but, Do they teach Christianity ? But before I answer this, let me ask another queetion, Can the National System teach Christianity ? These two questions I shall put to the meeting, and having answered them, shall then proceed to prove that my answers are correct. First then, Can a National System teach Christianity P I answer it can kot ; and let that answer sink deep into the heart of every parent who has a child to be saved. I now put the second question, Does the National System teach Christianity P I answer it does not ; and let that answer also sink deep into every heart. And now to the proof. Can the National System teach Christianity ? Mr. Rusden told us the other night that every man who paid taxes had aright to a proportionable share of government education, and, consequently, that the National System was the only just one, be cause it was open to all. Pray, sir, does a Jew pay taxes ? Then , Sir, a Jewish child has a right to admission into your National schools. Now it is common in Christian schools to commence and close the day with prayer, and as Christians we can only present our prayers to God through Christ our Saviour ; but as it is against your rules to. proselytise, you must either abandon your prayers to God through Christ, for your schools' welfare, or you must send the Jewish child out of the room. Pray, sir, which do you do P Either you must abandon your prayers to suit the child, or the child must not join in prayers to suit you. I hope and trust, sir, you are not one of those who consider either of those alternatives a trifle. But, Gentlemen, 1 have heard it said that when our opponents say of their schools that they are open to all religious denominations, they mean all Christian denominations. Then I should like to know what becomes of Mr. Rusden's theory about taxes. Well, I will give our oppo nents leave to change their ground : they abandon the right of the Jews to equal education. Very well, whether they admit Jews or expel them, I care not, for the argument goes crash through their system. National schools are no longer National schools, but De nominational schools embracing all Christian denominations. Well, are Unitarians, Arians, and Socinians Christians ? They profess and call themselves such, and I suppose, unless the agents of the National system intend to involve themselves in an Arian contro versy on the admission of every Arian or Unitarian child, they must admit them. But they do not profess to proselytise, nor do Arians or Unitarians wish to have their children proselytised, and will therefore look through your school books. Now what will they say to your xv hymn, verse 3, where the Divinity of Christ is dis tinctly recognised ? What will they say to hymn xxii, verse 8, where original sin is expressly asserted ? What will they say to Heber's hymn on the birth of Christ, in one of your reading books where He is called 'Monarch and Maker and Saviour of all.' But I suppose if Arians or Unitarians were to make such objections, they would be cast overboard with the Jews. Yet it is evident that Jews, Unitarians, Arians, Deists, and Socinians are part of the nation ; the moment therefore, you exclude them, you lose your nationality,— your school is no longer a National school. If your books teach what conscientious Jews, Arians, Unitarians, and Socinians do not believe, you virtually exclude them from your school, and in doing so your schools lose their nationally. But I said that a National school cannot teach Christianity. The idea of a National school is that they teach the children of all Denomina tions. Now Jews, Unitarians, and Socinians are religious denomi nations, and therefore they must be admitted ; and, consequently, no book must be used but what they can agree in. Now they will not agree to what you or I call Christianity, or what the mass of Christians call Christianity. Those leading doctrines, the Divinity and Atonement of our Lord, must therefore not be mentioned in a- National School ; and thus, sir, I think I have proved my position; that a National School cannot teach Christianity, so long as it retains its character. But it may be said by my opponents that they are willing to give up the strict character of their schools. They are National, but not in the strict sense of the term ; they are only national, inasmuch as they include the large mass of orthodox Christians, — all who admit the Divinity of Christ. And this brings me to my second question. . Do the so- called National schools teach Christianity ? I said while they retained their nationality they could not do it. But they sink their nationality. Well, do they now teach Christianity. We will give up the question of what they call themselves, and confine ourselves to what they teach. Do they now, after all their transformations, teach Christianity? I answer they do not. And now for the proof. ' First, for an illustration ; If I promised to teach your children reading, and in doing so neglect to teach them the value of the stops, should I have completed my promise? But suppose I neglected the reading altogether, and taught them nothing but the stops, and all you cold get out of them was comma 1, colon 3, semicolon 2, period 4, would you not think this a most extraordinary style of reading ? It appears then, that to fulfil my promise I must enable your children to read perfectly. Now the last command of our Lord to His Apostles was this," Go, make disciples of all nations, teaching them all things, whatever I, have commanded you.' If then the National system does not teach all things, it does not teach Christianity. But you may say I am not to be judge of what are the doctrines of Christianity. I will let any Romanist be judge in this matter. I will appoint Mr. Duncan judge. Do you believe, sir, that Transubstantiation and the Sacra fice of the Mass are Christian doctrines ? If so, will you show me, where those doctrines are taught in the National school books P I may inform the Romanists in this room that the main doctrines of their religion have no place in the books published by the commis sioners. Or let some orthodox Protestant judges be appointed ; and 1 ask them if Baptism and the Lord's supper are Christian doctrines? If so, will the advocates of the National system be kind enough to show me where those doctrines are taught in their books? I may inform the whole body of orthodox Protestants that the main articles of their religion is not taught in the National schools. The com- missioners, to enable the members of the Church of Rome to meet the members of the Church of England in the same school-room, cut out of their teaching the doctrines of Purgatory, Invocation of Saints, Sacrafice of the Mass, &c;, &c.; ; then to enable the Baptist to enter their school they cut out the doctrine of Infant Baptism ; to suit the Quakers they cut out Baptism altogether, and to enable Unitarians to enter they leave untaught the doctrines of the Divinity and Atonement of our Lord. When the commissioners have cut out of Christianity all those points of which Christians disagree, what is the nature of the religion they do teach ? Is it Deism ? I should like an answer to the following question, from Mr. Duncan or any advocate of the National system : — ' Judging from the acknowledged principle of cutting out all points on which. we disagree, with the religious teaching of what sect do you consider the religious teaching of the National system to coin cide ?' I was warned against saying that the National schools do not teach religion. Now I shall make a rather unexpected use of this warning. I insist upon it that the National schools do teach religion, and I insist upon knowing what that religion is ] We may have a National school, but here we have no National religion. What religion then do the Nation schools teach, if it be not a ' National religion ; for some religion it is ? It is not that of the Church of England, nor of the Church of Rome, nor the Presy terians, the Wesleyans, the Independants, the Arians, the Quakers, ' the Unitarians, or the Socinians, but some religion it is. Is it a Deistical religion ? Emphatically it is not Christian. If it be not Deistical then it is something worse, and the advocates of this system are welcome to make the best of the alternative. I say that a Deist is the only man who could say of such a religion — this is mine.; perhaps even he should disown it ! Truly this is very shock ing ; but is it not the legitimate result of their principle of cutting out all on which Christians disagree ; when that is done, what re mains but the faith of the Deist ? And now, what was it I originally asserted but that they did not teach Christianity. If they would preserve their nationality, they must abandon their Christianity; if they would preserve their Christianity, they must abandon their nationality. Do not imagine, gentlemen, that this is all I charge upon the National System ; I charge upon that system deception, — a deception which even its ad« '* -? vocates have not spared. This system has deceived and imposed on. the very men who made it. In seeking the phantom Unity, they have pitched, without knowing it, on the religion of the Deist. While professing to establish a National school, they are in deed and fact establishing a Sectarian School of nearly the worst de scription. Now, I am anxious not to overstate anything : my ar gument is strong enough to give rather than to take. I do not rest it on the assertion that the teaching of the National Schools is Deistical. I believe it to be nearer Deistical than anything else ; but if the advocates of National Schools dislike that term, and will tell me what that teaching is to be called which cuts out all on which Christians disagree, I will adopt that term when I speak of the religious teaching of the National Schools. At present I adopt the term Deistical, not as a term of reproach, but as that which seems most nearly to describe their teaching. And now to return : — I charge the National System with deception. I am will ing to make them a present of the argument I might bring against them for the badness of their teaching. It is not because Deism is bad,— or whatever else Mr. Duncan may call it, — it is not because it is Deism, but because it is Sectarian, that I bring the charge of imposition against them. If there was nothing bad in what they taught, it would answer my purpose just as well. If I could prove that they taught Church of Englandism, or Wesleyanism, or Pres byterianism, or Romanism, my charge would be proved equally well. I charge them with imposition, because they profess to be National, while they are Sectarian. But do not imagine they are not aware of this dilemma. They stagger amid the difficulties that surround them, and, like drowning men, catch at straws, or any phantom that their perplexed imagination may suggest. I know 'that more wary advocates of this system are consoling themselves with, the 'thought that they have a plank on which to swim,— a hole by which to escape, They know that their religious teaching is deficient, they know it is Sectarian, and how do you suppose they hope to supply the deficiency ? Oh ! they will tell you,— We make full provision, and afford every facility for supplying anything that is deficient in our religious teaching ; — (for their teaching, if they carry out their professions, brings the children up the ladder of Christian revelation no higher than the platform of Deism, or the undefined region of Aranism, and they see this is not enough for any but a very small proportion of the religious world. As far as the real value of their teaching is concerned, it is about equivalent to teaching the child the stops when he should be taught to read.) j What, then, is this full provisions,— what js the plan the National 'Board adopts to supply this awful deficency of their teaching ? I will tell you. In the unexampled generosity of their nature their very liberal provision for this purpose is an empty room. This is literally their whole provision for the purpose. Not a single book, — not even a Bible, — not a thing but an empty room. They pay masters and provide books for all other purposes, but for this most important of all purposes this is their only provision. As far as the National System is concerned,— and I appeal to Mr. Duncan for the truth of this assertion, — as far as the National System is con cprned, its provision for this purpose is literally nothing else than an empty room. When I first spoke to Mr. Ruqden on the subject ' of religious teaching, he replied, '? Oh, we leave that to the parents and pastors.' Now, this is a most remarkable reply, and worthy of someconsideration. What is this reply but a confession that . Christian— I do not say religious, but, Christian teaching finds no place in their system. To use their own words, ' they leave it///' But to whom do they leave it ?— To parents and pastors. I might ask, when they leave so much, why do they not leave all ? However, they leave it to parents. Now this a perfect mockery. Parents send their children to school for the very purpose that it should not be left to them. They leave it to parents, and yet they know, and the whole world knows, the fearful fact, that what they leave for the parents to teach is the very thing they do not teach. But still the Commissioners think they have a loophole by which to escape : they add a rider to the word parents : we leave, say they, to parents and pastors. Now. would it not have been as well to have considered, when they left so important a matter to others, whether those others would or could attend to it. Pray, are the pastors to whom you leave so important a part of education favor ble to the National System ? Are they not,' almost to a man, op posed to it? Are they not, almost to man, agents for the initiation and superintendence of the Denominational schools ? But, if they . would,. could they attend to your schools so as to afford the neces sary instruction in religion ?— Why, they cannot give more than a very general superintendence to their own. The religious training in our schools is distinctly a part of the schoolmaster's office, and it is this that makes the office of schoolmaster scarcely inferior to the clergy. In the first place, those to whom you leave this important ,. matter are otherwise engaged. They have not time, even if they were inclined to help you. Is it not a fact that the Bishop of Sydney and the Sydney clergy have declared against the National System ? Is is not a fact that tho Bishop of Newcastle and his clergy have declared against it ? You, sir can inform me if Bishop Polding and his clery have declared against it. Does it not stand to reason that every one, no matter of what denomination, having a Denominational school under his charge, will oppose the National System,which can only live by destroying his ? Where, then, is the use of trying to support an ill- digested system by those who refuse to support it ? The only provision you make for the religious instruction you know to be necessary, is an empty room. Once a week you send you children there ; but are the bare walls to teach them ? No, you say, we provide a room, but leave the instruction to parents and pastors. But I have pointed out that the parents do not and cannot come to give instruction ; I have shown that the pastors cannot. If they could, they have their own schools on which to bestow their spare time. And thus it comes to pass that the only provision of the National System for the religious instruction they leave, is an empty room. And what right have to leave the most important part of education to the ' contingent assistance of op ponents?' How many battles would England have won, if she ; had left the loading of her muskets to her enemies? And having now examined both systems, and having shown how, in two in stances, the Denomination System is more powerful, and in five in stances quite equal to to the National System, — and having shown that the National System is wanting inasmuch as they leave the most important portion of education to their opponents, I shall now proceed to examine the Denomination System j and I beg to assure this meeting that we leave nothing undone which we conceive ought to be done, and, above all, we do not leave religious instruction to oor opponents, or their agents. Passing over, then, secular education, on which there is no dispute, I proceed at once to the question of re ligion ; and, as I did before, I call on any Romanist for answers to these questions : — Are you satisfied that the Denominational System provides for your children good and sufficient instruction on ail ne cessary points of religion ? Do you leave anyting to be perfected by the agents of the National ? Do you leave religious instruction to the parents of your children? Do you bring them up the lad der of Revelation only as high avs the platform of the Deist or So cinian, or do you continue to build them up until they are thoroughly furnished? Whether I put these questions to Wesleyans, Presby terians, or Churchmen, I think I shall have the same answer. — No, sir ; we leave our children to no contingencies for their education in anything, much less such a subject as religion ; and it is our object and desire to make our schools the outer courts or vestibules of another and better kingdom. As we leave our children in no par ticulars of education, so we leave them at no period of life. We never willingly leave them till they, leaving this earthly tabernacle, incumbent on the wings of faith, soar up to the starry concave towering high, and dwell for ever under the shadow of the Al mighty.- And now, sir, having gone regularly through these two systems, what remains for me do ? It is not enough, I know, to show that the National System is wanting. We have, gentlemen, a great work before us,— no leas than the Education of a nation ! -Hpw is this to be done ? If I were to cut up the National System 'by the roots, I should have done nothing more than clear the rub bish and weeds from my garden. The question is not whether the Nation System be deficient, but whether the Denominational System be up to its work ? Now, if the Denominational system be not suffi cient for the work, I know not what system is or can be : for the De nominational System has linked and identified itself with the Churches of the land, with the ministers of the Gospel, with Chris tianity itself ; aad if it fail, woe— woe to Australia ! Nothing, I know, sir, that mortal man has to do with is, or can be, perfect. The Denominational' System may have its faults, but certainly it is not one whit more exclusive than its opponent. The Church of Eng and may be exclusive, and so may the Chnrch of Rome, the Church of Scotland, or the Wesleyans ; but most certainly the De nominational Spstem is not. Once it supported only one ? the Church of England ; now has it admitted into its ranks three more, —the Church of Rome, the Church of Scotlaud. and the Wesleyan Nor is there more fear of proselytism in one system than in thg other. Under either system the proselytism, if any, must come from the master. In either Bystem, the master must be of some dc. nomination — must have some predilection. If you cannot trust him in one school, neither can you in another. If he will break his word under us, he will also break his word under you. Another point on which the Denominational system is said to be weak is, that in small villages the population cannot support four Denomi national schools, when it might support a National school. But will not that which will support a National school also support a Denominational school ? And after what we know of the religious teaching of their schools, I, for my part, would sooner send my child to the Presbyterians, the Wesleyans, or the Romanists, {'nan to the National school ; for we must never forget that the National schools are, in spite of their name, Sectarian schools of a very questionable description. The National schools do teach religion; and, as it is not national religion, it must be Sectarian ! And I apprehend that the Sectarianism of the Church of England, or of the Wesleyans, or Romanists, is just as good as the Sectarianism of a National school. But I think I can suggest a difficulty (not very easily answered) as to the establishment of National schools in small villages. You have not forgotten what I said about the.Na tional system leaving Christianity to the pastors of the different re Jigious denominations. Now, if a village cannot support more than one school, I would like to know how it is to support four different ministers of religion, who are to give the requisite religious instruc tion in the spare room of the National school. You see, my friends, that the National system is a complete sham, unless it can carry all the required ministers of religion with it. In fact the National system cannot be carried out in small villages ; that spare room on which they so much rely is more than ever useless; and on the vantage ground of small villages-, (for which they boast that their system is so happily suited), their machinery comes tumbling to ruin. With us, in a small village, where only one school can be established, the 'children of one denomination, at least, get fully taught. By their system, not a single child can be fully taught. For let it be distinctly understood that any child, of any religious denomination whatever, can have full secular instruction in any Denominational school, and just as much of the religious instruc tion as the parents may wish to be imparted. Let us suppose, for instance, there were 40 children in a small village— 10 belonging to each denomination, and that there was no minister of religion of , any kind. Mr. Duncan would establish a National school, and I leave it to him to explain how, in the absence of all ministers, he would supply the religious teaching which they leave. I tell you what 1 would do : I would establish a Denominational school, and. in preference to having a National school, I would place it, let us say, under a member of the Church of Scotland. In this school thirty children out of the forty would get, for children, a very full amount of religious instruction ; nay ten— of the Church of Scotland — would get as much as would be thought neces sary ; the ten children of the Church of Rome, it is true, would only get so much instruction as all were agreed upon, which, I know, is insufficient, but it would be quite as much as they would get at a National school. But we are told that our sectarian diffe rences would not allow different sects to send their children to a Denominational school. To this I answer, that my feelings would not prevent my recommending children to go to a Presbyterian school, in the absence of one of my own ; and I know for a fact, that children of all sects are to be found in Church of England schools, in Presbyterian schools, and Wesleyan schools, which does not look as if sectarian differences made us afraid of each other.. And while I am on this subject, I would notice an assertion with which I have frequently been met— that the masters of the Denomi- national schools are so ignorant that they can scarcely read and write. Now, it is very easy to make these assertions, but do you ever hear an instance which you could examine ? If you have not, I have. It was stated to me that the Bishop of Newcastle had a master on the Hawkesbury River so ignorant that he once had to apply to a gentleman passing by to read a letter for him. This was told to me as a fact. Now facts, no doubt, are stubborn things ; but shortly after I had an opportunity of communicating with the Bishop, and what do you think was tha real fact ? Why, the master had no name, the school no name, the village no name ; in short, the Bishop had no school whatever on the Hawkesbury. So much for reports. Now, I would always have you bear in mind that there are three kinds of schools in this country — Denomina- tional schools, National schools, and private schools. The Denomi national system is in no way answerable for the ignorant masters in private schools. And before I take leave of the question of school masters I may mention the fact, that in several instances persons who have been examined and rejected by us, have, in this diocese, been appointed masters of National schools. Now, really, if the National system is willing to take what we reject, it seems to me that for the future they had better speak no more about their superior masters. And while on the subject of schools in small villages, I may mention the following anecdote : — In a small village, with about sixty children, there were several very indifferent , private schools ; a school, therefore, was established by the Deno minational Board, under the superintendence of the minister of the place. In course of time the private schools all died ; Churchmen, Presbyterians, Wesleyans, &c;, all sent their children to the Deno minational school. Some person, annoyed at the success of a school over which they had no control, immediately applied to the National Board. Their application was granted. A great stir was made in the village ; five children were withdrawn from the denomi national school, reducing its numbers to 25, while the National school numbered 40. But the irritated feeling which started ihe National school is the very worst foundation on which to commence and now the Denominational school numbers 40 and the National 20\. Here is an instance where the Denominational system has succeeded, and the National failed, and the National schoolmaster receives i40, while the Denominational receives only £30. Allow me here to suggest an answer to all the objections urged against us by agents or advocates of the- National system. Whenever they urge an objection, do you follow out the objection fully, and you will find that the National system will beat out its own brains on the very rock on which they intended that we should split. There is another argument which is alleged by the advocates of the National system, which must have an answer. It is this, — that, by mixing their children in their schools they will smooth down all sectarian differences ; but they are not anticipating the time when ' the leopard shall lie down with the kid.' In this instance they have adopted an artifice very common among disputants, they raise a difficulty for the purpose of showing: how very clever they are in demolishing it. In the first place they assume that children are fighting about the dogmas of religion, and thus they insinuate that their parents also are quarrelling about these dogmas. Now this is a most impertinent assumption. They know they cannot exist but by sowing the seeds of dissension among us, and so they jump to the conclusion that we are quarrelling, and then they make a still greater jump, that they can set us to rights. But I can assure them if Christianity cannot make us live at peace, National schools never will. But I reject the assumption that we do quarrel. We differ, and alas there will always be differences : but we do not quarrel. But are the National schools likely to smother dissensions ? When the Romanist children are called out to the separate class room will not this make the children feel that there are differences of reli'gion among them, and upon the first quarrel in the school will not the words papist, heretic, and schismatic be bandied about in all direc tions. There is another point which it is necessary to clear up, and on which there has been some mystification. Extracts have been read from the National school books on religion, and the question has been put, Is not this Christianity? Meaning, I suppose, that there is a full and sufficient statement of Christianity in these books. But to satisfy a reasonable man there must be more than this, there must be a full enforcement of Christianity on the minds of the children. When I once objected that nothing was taught about Baptism in these books, I was answered that one of the Gospels was to be found in these books in extenso, and if that was not teaching about baptism what was? But suppose that the Gospel of St. Matthew were to be found in these books, and a class read a chapter a day, for 27 days out of the 28 they would meet with no command to bii baptised ; on the 28th day the command would appear only in. one verse, so that one child out of the class would read the com mand to be baptised once in a month. How long would a child be learning the rule of three on such a system. To teach the rule of three we have to explain it over and over again. We do not men tion the rule to a child once a month, but we teach the rule daily. How shall we answer to our consciences if we teach God's laws and rules with less earnestness and repition than we teach the laws and rules of arithmetic ? I have charged the National system with deception, but I do not for an instant suppose that the advocates of that system are trying to impose on us. I claim- for Mr. Duncan the most truthfui sincerity. He is not a deceiver but deceived. Through fear of proselytising the master may not give any expla nation of the doctrines of Christianity. They may be mentioned in these books, but they are not taught, because the master may not en force them. Bear in mind the difference between Christianity being mentioned acd being taught in those books. If a Unitarian were to read Heber's Hymn on the Birth of Christ, he would ask, Why are such hymns admitted ? I cannot agree to have, my child taught this doctrine. What would be the answer. Oh ! sir, this doctrine cannot be said to be taught, it is only casually mentioned in this hymti, your child need not learn it. When I complain that the Divinity of our Lord is not taught, I am immediately referred to this identical hymn. But we cannot permit this hymn to cut both ways ; either the Divinity of our Lord is .taught or only mentioned. But in fact the answer given to the Unitarian is right, it is not taught, it is only mentioned. Mr. Rusden once objected that, in this town* out of 700 children only 230 were being educated, and this proved the insufficiency of the Denominational system. Now I will tell you what it did prove, it proved that there were a great many infants who were unable to go to school, a great many parents who could not or would not send their children to school. If Mr. Rusden wished to make a le gitimate use of the fact, he should have deducted all who were too young, all those who their parents would not or could not send, and he would have found that there were just 230 left, the number at present educating ; for any parent really wishing to have their children educated could easily have found a school. It is not the lack of schools, but of a willing mind. Having now answered some of the most showy objections of my opponents, I will make an accusation against them. I charge them with shunning to declare to the children of this colony the whole Gospel of God on the paltry plea of economy. We are told of the expense of having four Denominational schools in Brisbane, and so to diminish the expense they propose to establish two National schools in addition. In spite of the cry of economy, this system is likely to prove a rather expensive hobby to the country from the churches of the land, to whom it properly belongs. We have had some pathetic lamentations about the clergy of the different deno minations monopolising all the management of the Denominational schools. There has been an attempt to represent the clergy as de priving the laity of any influence in these schools ; but what is tho fact. The Denominational Board in Sydney is composed of laymen. Can a Denominational school be established without their consent P No. Can a shilling of government aid be received without their consent ? No. Can a master be appointed or dismissed without their consent? No. The Local Boards consist of one clergyman, and two laymen, and yet certain lachrimose individuals are whining about the laity having no influence. But how does the National system mend the matter ! Have their Local Patrons any more hie flaence ? Their power is indiscribably small ; they can do next to nothing. Where then lies the real secret of the influence of the clergy ; it is in the fact that they take an interest in the schools and the laity do not. On education, as on all other points, Reformation is good, Revolution is bad. Reform the Denominational system if you will, we have had enough of Revolution. Before concluding- let me shortly recapitulate what I have said. On the questioa of the Central Boards, Schoolmasters* salaries, Government aid, School charges, and Secular Instruction we arfe equal to our opponents. With regard to religious instruction I declare that National schools cannot teach Christianity. To hold their ground they first threw the Jews overboard, then the Arians, then the Deists, then the Unitarian's, and lastly their nationality. They confessed they were not National ; and yet, after rejecting these to retain their Christianity, they could not make up their minds to part with the Eaptists, so they cut out Infant Baptism. To keep, in short, all sects, they cut out all doctrines about which any may differ, and thus they are landed, without knowing it, somewhere in the region of Deism. To such an extent do they carry out this system of excision, that they even cut out the Bible. And soil ends. in their being neither National in constitution nor National in religion. They are, after all their transformations, Sectarian Schools of a most questionable description. And for what are all these twistings and turnings ? To retain the most perfect phan tom that ever perplexed a ghost-finder, — the unsubstantial vision of a National system. But we are told that the vision of a National system is not unsubstantial, and when we ask where ate we to see one, we are referred to Ireland. Ireland is the place where it flourishes. In Ireland, say they, we have 300,000 children under tuition. Well, this is certainly a most unanswerable argument for most of us : we are sent on a voyage round the world in search of proof. However, we must, I suppose, take ship and sail for Ireland. Well, having landed let us visit one of the Na tional schools in the neighbourhood of Dublin. We enter the school, and perhaps see a clergyman of the Church of England teaching the Church of England catechism. Indignant at such an infraction of the rules, we walk up and ask him what he means by such conduct. He answers with a smile that the Local Board has relaxed the rules and admitted Church books. We immediately take coach for the north, and enter a school there, and find that to ac commodate the Presbyterians of Ulster, the Presbytarian books are admitted. We then take coach for the south, and there we find that to accommodate the Roman Catholics, the Roman Catholic books are admited. Mr. Duncan can tell you whether the Local Boards in this country have any power to admit Denominational Books into the National schools, and he can also tell you whether the Local Board have any power at all. In fact, to come to the point, these were not National schools ; and as the Bishop of Sydney has proved, and as Mr. Lowe does not deny, these Iruh schools are almost wholly and purely Denominational. Printed by Jeremiah Moore, in Wooloomooloo- street in the city of Sydney, Ne\y South Wales, for the Pro prietors, and Published by the said Jeremiah Moore, George-street, in the city and colony aforesaid.— Thursday, i 2th September, 1850. 