MR. HUDSON IN.CHANCERY. The meeting of the York, Newcastle, and Berwick Railway Company is mainly re markable for the fo lowing resolution : ' That the directors be now instructed to 1 take such steps either in law or equity ' against Mr George Hudson as counsel * may -advise.' The intention to institute these pro: eedings had been publicly de clared lefore, but a delay arose in Iconse quenci of one member of the committee of six declining to act. No suffie'e >t legal authority had been given to the re maining five to represent the company, and therefo:e a delay has a.tisen in the in stitution of the proceedings. This delay is, however, now at an end, in consequence of the adoption of the resolution we have just quoted. Nor had the committee been idle in the interval. A hill in equity had been already prepared, and will be at once pi ,ced on the tile of the Court of Chan cers'. Thus Mr Geoige Hudson is fairly brought into court. The shareholders he has duped may euj >y the satisfaction of feeling that the sponge which has absorbed their comfortable moisture is well within the grasp of fingers perfect y competent to the execution of their appointed task. The money that had been drawn from the public, after being held for a time in sus pense i i mid air, will fall like a genial and constant dew, morning and evening upon the body of gentlemen practising ti the Chancery Bar. The process may go on for years, but the. infallible result of it will be that Mr George Hudson will be left where he was found. All the cheating ! and lying and rascality will have gone for I nothing. i He will have broken some hundred j hearts, and ruined some thousand families, j for th.; sake of keeping up a mendacious and feverish splendour of three or four years' duration, and then— there's an end j of him. An Uastern Counties shareholder j could not be in a worse position than the | arch impostor of the day. If we recur again to the subject of the Railway Moloch, if is neither to indulge a spirit of rhetoric or of insult. We neither wish to tag fine sentences together, nor to kick a fallen knave. Unfortunately for Mr Hudson, the public is still liable to be impose i upon by his disciples, and there fore it is, that as a matter of warning his name must he brougt up again and again. The various devices by which Mr Hudson cheated the shareholders wlio had entrusted the management of their pro perty to his honor and probity, must fre quently be referred to in order that per sons about to embark, or who have already embarked in railway speculations, may know the exact points upon which they sh >u!d stand on their guard. We have al ready so often dilated upon the many scan dalous tricks by which Mr Hudsmab strac ed the property of his clients, that perhaps one or more less cannot make much difference. Here, however, is yet another little stratagem arainst which partners in concerns where the accounts are not audited should be cautioned. It is but another trick—as far as Mr MuJso i is con cerned, what car. disclosure of it signify ?— Air Sidney urged that every pos sible step should be laken to get the ar rears paid up. as it was not fair to those who had paid to allow so large a sum of money to remain in nrrear. " The Chairman said he ha! just been informed by Mr Gutch, that within the last few days instr >ctions had been given by tiie late board of directors ihat all par ies in arrear siiou d be proceeded The Lord Mayor thought it would be better not to j.ress the question. There had been some cases in which dividends had been allowed on the payment of their calls, deducting the interest on the time they were in linear. Others had been paid fLvidends when the deposit only had been paid, and there were, two parlies who had recviv d dividends without cither pay - thdr calls or deposits. (•' Name, name.') He did not wish to be personal, but if called upon he would do so. (•' Name, name.') They were George lla-lsai (hisse?) and diehard Nicholson. (Misses.) At the time such a transaction as this was taking place on the York and New castle line, the shareho ders of the entei prise were in full fruition of those tran scendant powers of supervision with which they had been gifted by Act. of Parliament. See, then, of what benefit they are ! It may well happen at the present moment thai on certain lines a tolerable stringent examination of accounts lias taken p ace. j The pinch has been too sharp for the I toughest conscience. But take away tiie . immediate strain—let Mr Hudson and | his kind be forgotten, and let railway con- j cerns subdue into the usual easy going j routine of joint stock concerns, and a 1 that we have seen as yet of swindling and imposture will most assuredly find iis parallel and counterpart in what will be again. There is ano her point in connexion with this resolution of the proprietors of the York, New-.astle, and Berwick line, to proceed against Mr Hudson which should be poin ed out to the notice of the shareholding public. Let them read the resolution we have quoted, and then ask themselves what are their sjcurities against imposture? The answer is— ' 1 he honour and probity of the directors, and the powers of the law !' Translate this reply into plain Knglish,and it means thai the only safeguards of proprietors are t ie presumed houes y of men, who are possibly Greorge Hudson?—and a Chancery suit! But, however satisfac ory it may be to she natural indignation of men who li ve been so grossly duped to see the person who has made away with their projietty brought within the grasp of the law it should never be forgotten that to set the m »e liinery of ihe la v in motion is rather pleasing than profitable. When the result of lid g the bill in Chancery is ascertained, we should be curious to know what b-nefit would accrue to the share holders who have been originally doped. Where A- B, and. C have lost £101) a man in consequence of Mr tladson's indulgence of his little peculiarities, how many sove reigns will find their way back into the pockets of his dupes in consequents of proceedings ti.keu in the Court of Cnaucery ? We leave shareholders in the Midland, the E stern Counties, aad tha 1 Northern lines to meditate upon this fruitful theme. What would the York, Newcastle, and Berwick line not have been already to the shareholders had the management of its interests been intrusted io honest men, and under efficient supervision ? Despite the dishanest abstraction of so much capital, we find the chairman of the meeting of i he prop; ietors of the enterprise stating tha': although ' lie did not consider that, anv opinion of h:s as to their future dividends would" be considered of much value, yet from his knowledge of the line, lie believed they might fairly expect a mhumuin dividend of 4 per cent., and he hoped by good man-.gement it might lye increased to 5 por cent., and he was con vinced their line possess-d all the element3 of prosperity. There can be little daub1 on the most cursory glance over the un diminished returns of receipts on the general railway traffic of the kingdom, that absolute distrust and want of confi dence are at the bottom of the oresont depreciation of rai'wiy property. Who can wondet nt it ? Wnai nun in his senses, knowing what every m in of business must now know, would stake £1 upon the accuracy of any railway report lrom any board throughout the country, without the security of an independent audit? Mr Hudson in Parliament.—It was George's custom of an a'ternoon to bus le up the seccn i row beh nd the opposi ion, an 1 ke-p calling out, quite loud, -Grant). ,' ' Brackbr,' ' Ikutiuck,' (Lord Hemy of Late),' Burgh ey,' ' Chandos,'4 Hamilton (Lord Claude) ' Hotham," l.emox,' 'Mau de ville,' ' Seaham,' ' Worcester,' or any body e'se with a handle to his name, who happened L) he within hailing d stance ; and these ('or nthiau oaks, obsequious to the moneyed mushroom, wee wont to nod their patrician tops, and icspond w th an approving and deferential chucclc, mucn to the envy and admintioi of all ihe sur rounding world of senator/ snobffiry, and to the perplexity of Mr Speaker, who called ' Order' with much less than his customary effect, whenever the Iron Hex was railing. Kvery dog has his day. Six months ago, Ge rge's i t le how was as oood as 'the Iofti st war-note that lion could pour; ' and now every ' turnspit, mongrel, whelp of low degree.' seems privileged to bark derisive at the tin kettle ob igito ihe unfortunate animal perfo ins whenever he carries his tail behind, curtailed as his caudal elongation to most disprop irtioned proportions. On .Monday nignt he sneaked in, a truly sad dag, conscious that every puppy, spaniel, and lurcher of his formei kennel, had become a se.ter and pointer, with himself for their game, and foul game .he ryjor hounds made of him. As he en tered the lobby, the policemen seemed as if they had suddenly sniff d the ghost of Luudyfoo", for their noses respectively be came suddenly curie 1 up at an angle of 4o, like men on the precipice of a sneeze, alter a thump ng pinch of high toast. (da coming into the Mouse, all his once fa in liars, who were crowded about the gang way .appealed to he either profouudedly i iterested in Dr 11-id's plan of lighting the apartment from above, or to be absorbed in contemplation of the mechanism of their watches, or else afflicted with an awtul cold in ihe head, requiring the immediate application of pocket han -.kerchiefs. So ue on the contrary, began to gaze intently on th. ir boct tops; while others looked through the Banquo of the share market, as if they were p aying Macbeth, and co HJn t see a spec re—weighing 17.5 stones, f°r a'' ^at, spiritual as he was. George, however, uigged them fast enough, and on that twig he iioppe J into the ex reme back bench, in a line with the Sergeant-at-Anns, Lord Charles Ilussel, who quietly Hi ned him self round in his porter's ch .ir and fixed his eyes on the mace on the table,plunging, no doubt, i-.to the regular historical re verie as ;o Mampdeu on the field. Sydney, on i he scaffold, .and the rest of the family traditiona: bus ness,especially the pensions. No shaking of han s all roil id, like Jack in- the-Gremi in a May morning—no hoarse-laugh—nothingto re-all the gross, rude, vulgar autocrat of the share market now.— There lie sat —alone, avoide i ; his hat pulled over his face—h s (ace resting on his hands—his hands on his st ck—his stick on the edge of the bench before him — as precarious a foundaton as the bio it bubble that had bolsteied him up all iliis while back, and which the stroke of a straw would any time have prostrated. Talk of Bajizet in his cage, Marias amidst the ruins of Can huge, Naj oleon on th-. reck of St Helena, and Louis Phil ippe in a pea jacket, and calling himself Bill Smith ! Why how poorly do all these point a moral, and h >w slenderly do they adorn a tale, compared to this < iieat Snob becoming the Great Snubbed 1—Chat. Excouxier wira \ Scixuergk.— yesterday morning Dr Grooves was w dicing along Bio oeacli in tho vicinuy of f.inieburacr's Point, awing gone out with a gun in his hind with the intention of shooting snipe, when ho saw a tow yards distant from liim some object floating on the surf ice of tho water whiih at the nijinout lie took to bo tho body of a human being. A boat which was pul-.ing off from the shore was hailed by Dr Greeves, when the party came near, and Dr G. stepping into it, desired the men to pun towards the o joet he indicated. On coming close upon tho spot, they were surpised to find that the object which presented itself y ove the surface of the water was the tail extremity of one of the largest Sungerces ever before seen, the monster being nou-ly eight feet long and of nearly equal dimensions in breadth. The gun which Dr G. Ind with him was loaded, but charged only with very small shot. However, he took aim with the piece and tired at tho fi-.li, which no sooner fe.t that it was attached than it made a rush at the boat, at which it struck with tremendous vi leuco. The fish then swam round and round the beat, thrashing the gunwale with its tail until another charge of shot was fired into it, when it sunk below the wnier. The boat-hook was thrust into it where it lay, and the persons in ihe boat were in the act of dragging it along when it turned over, and in a moment wrenched the iron ho i!c completely off the staff an 1 got away. Dr Greaves is or opinion that this monster uf the deep could not have weighed Has tii.in clinic hundred weiirut. — ueeumg .at-1 vertiser. Singular Coixcidenck.—The Gates head Observer mentions that, in Tyne side village church, the curate, on Trinity Sunday, preached a sermon which was recognised as Tillotson's. In thclalternoon, the incumbent, who had beeii absent, returned and preceded the very same sermon ! 