MISCELLANEOUS. , The SrrxtsriTiors Famiit. — "Do not be 1 soTery awkward," said Dianasva (with no little em;hasis, and an alternate flush and paleness) tn her daughter Tertia, who at dinner had sp.lLd the entire contents of a saltcellar ! Teri'a mas no less incomtr.oled thereby, and all at the table felt for a minute qnitc uncom fortable, until ti-.ey thought they ascertained it w.s fie pfot- she removed that was tho im mediate instrument a-.d not her pretty little h.nl The no 'her, an elhtly lady of German descent, was instinct with a host of these po; u'.ar and dm es'.ie superstitions which in some form cr other, she received from that most unerrng teach- r, tralit-.n, brought down to hrr through, p rh p«, a long line of ancestry reaching to dtuidical time ! This i is X very common superstition, more or less | rife in f.tr.Tirs, according to the country from which tiiey originate, or the degree c-f intelli gence that may . x st among them. AVe find it in that matchless painting, the Laat Supper, I of Lecnar to da V .oc:. and still further hack, as ; the early Romans regarded salt aa sacred, and placed small images upon their tiMea near il. , 1 1 guar! its being spilt, or to remind them n' its absence when accidentally forgotten ; But the uneasiness arising from Tettia's spil- . 1 ng of the sal; was revived after drausr by ; it- w.rter wh; remit le.1 his mistress tha: he had c:.me on Friday, ar.d that his wages were i n 0!> Ih<" »= lucilevs day > Dianam ; cr-!. i'jr; &n; 1 rr. rtiHfxJ to r.nd i .be hadsu -t-xngeiy overUd-d it in taking i ir.tJ her scrv.ce any one on Friday. ;S,e calmly p»;d him, and to the ; ai cu,s' m.er.t U uhe ran. be found jhimsefaa itnuntaneously dinaiattJ! Poo, Dcmlo VII thus taught t lesaoc which he ar.d ! hd chi! itea will probably remtm" er Ter- j til's e xessive priJe. though she was very : Lrantifal. wasimprt-d by thz oil lady to the s; vanity «.f he.- first na.se, wha had an . sg-y foi i c-f 'rosing into the mireor with the t.i.rd. before it wai ' twelie months eld ' Q-rortilia.then atdaughbr, was sMl a,„ trofortur.tte ta br ag very ahnrt. caring to » ; ,-ratice aa atsciect/rieai cf the fom-ily hxd cf teat:-? tie rciher. a-d ,5dej daug .tr,. bv s iter: c citr .v : s x G4 LC » cat»3; 1 » htr ihsrt ico cf -'act.ur,, ;n b,,jg ttnusu.Tr p tuJ n.th hrr cradle having Uen reeked "r 'T' "':i n?w" la pro»e \- J— J" --I— ..s to tor child ! Of the wans. \- » acccctrliihad, ajre-aile, hut uufonon- t:t y V,ry siprretitlonsfiT- iy, p-v. -, f|, J;: Ttry hi ::ru Ht:-« «-,» .. . . .. . iK'lZ tt »: tnp-rrrntcd iu bring twaT:»ti b l-Sr c.o. richer, ssst'er ao t» ens art a "'T ar--!a 0-' errn ar.d prttly o-.rs the next ion. wis th-ea ia lad e, Uvice bc«a sent there by hit equity > fuiecaaxtcocnlctrStisteetisbel agvoaLgnlui", wide asunder, which presaged that he muil seek his fortune In a distant land i and, «ln ' confirmation of this article of their coda " 0f superstition. Thcodectcs was then on his return, with a splendid augmentation of h|» means! During tho nursery days of the family, how much amusement and anxiuos a, citcinent, too, were derived from their con versing about tho soul-be)l. its — b'Jinny previous to n burial ; of the salt tind earth in a platter, which they had seen laid on their grandfather's corpse ; of the uneasiness "f the family when at the lake-wake, watch- ing with the body, they perceived that the favourite family cat, followed some one Info the room, had jumped upon the coffin, nd hence tho necessity of instantly killing poor , puss j of ths evergreens uicd at the funeral. I nnd the pieces put into the coffin as etnblel \ matic nf the soul's immortality 1 How much \ were their young minds exclfod when Phil- pina, their nnrse, assured them how lucky tiiey wou'd he nccordlng to the number and position uf the white specks she counted en their nails ; or when one of them found a" four-lcavrd clover in or.c of their May- dsy excursions ; or when alio solemnly predicted to them the Initial letter of their future hus. band's nBme, by certain brndings of the hsnd to the hollow of the arm ; or, if one cl them lost her garter, what a sure sign it was she would not be happy in marriage 1 Plfi). pina would also tell them many strange stories of boglcboes, or the ways ths doctors had of making medicine out of dead men's bones i of the care they should take of I their clothes, as the gnawing of them by a mouse indicated somi miafortnn. . .W..W , %U»fc l(lC crowing of a hen betokened some dl|. ast:." i »nd that Quinlilla's tooth-ache was wholly owing to her refusing to surrender cakes during the tolling of the drathrbcll, it being unlucky to est M such a timef Sbs would tell them, moreover, how the ghost's are accustomed to run off on their broom, iticke. at l he first crowing of the cock | that she had often seen more than a thousand of them of dark nights on the ruius of an an cient churrh in her country," and that these spirits, not larger than owls, hare uiminisiieu ihcrr.s- lves, went away at tbst hour of the morning, because our Saviour arose from dead at that hour 1 With these and a hundred other fancies would she amuse and alarm their tender minds. The mother, also, finding in Phil- pina's mind for such fiucirs, a congest il vein, hrr children w, re quick in perceiring how much disturbed she was by the howling of a dog by night, as the prsage of deAth to one who lay sick in the ne'ghbuurhood, her wu'uaiurai, I'CJUIIU Hir |UJ», UCli lOOKing glass happened to meet a misfortune, how.ktr curiosity was awakened if her fir tingled, her arersion to bare a ipi ler killefas being un I lucky, and siill m'Te to cut thtfirw long hairs I that were p-ndent from tbe mu: on her chin ! I 1 he boys, also, catching the s- ic spirit, cured I th-ir wart, by tubbing them o the moon- I thii.e ! Toey had much to d inc whenerer I llu-y saw 1-ltera in the candle, r when their I ch-cks burned ; and, whrn usi g their guns, I they would on no account dicet them to a I fubin-re-ibrras'.the weli-know;frieQd of man, I as Mr. Addison supposes, lap before the I popular fca'Vj of the Babpn the Wood. I Thcr Saturday evenings werpften vpent in I amusing themselves with the! S tries Tirgi- I \- . 1 . . , I ur io uisuig or me jeatti-watch, 01 I the sec-mil sight, the spectre j>" the Broken I the sp-ral-bone, or the cure ofiie night-Diars I by hanging up in their staldf.ollow stones! I With thrir youth'ul cotnpaniui they resorted I ta various divinations, as, wha knife or top I was lost, by spitting on theirjand, and east. I ing it oSf, to see what dirretiaeit took, with I the hope of H ere fi .ding the lusing article , I or, of " spitting their saul," a»t was calif!, I to confirm their asservations-fr, when com- . I mencing some mock or rosenoounter, by I i I usmcr tlie sane iilivArv thni in th»7r I hnd», thai roor# efficient Ibvt thoold be I given; cr by inviting their Tends to "spit I upon the uie stone,'' ibe surest I xrans of ermenUog jorr.f -mporarT eon- I irJerecy ! Bat some y. have now I ;uusrd by; the be!!, l-mgfr toll I for the draj in Erornttlah, the one of gene'al I society has much improved, it boys of this I firnur «.re co m&aW; and the girll I vrcOT-pIished and »en»iMe5( \t sooner will I the :eu;isrd lore its spot, by thtge of climate I and f>d than this family ,t> jtvemot-st gent- I ration, eotitrly rid tb- aa»elv'f»,f thesr super- I st.tiou ioiueitecs. In the doestic commu- I n-ty, as well a, ia a nat'on, th, is a siltnt I and almost invisible stress of tradition, I which carries down. sometiiM w:th altered I forms and less v. rid r fleets, \%t , pernicious I ictiilui «1 ieh may b« greatly .ubdutd by s I b gh;y iateUrctmsl e-iuraiicai »4 by a coa- I ttust as ioc alien ailh Ihe si art tiound tbrm. I Se, liktwire, axcmg tbr iw,-le they loss I mucts c- their force when th# alation be- coses rrtttable, rr comes in tru ranousothtr I ccKsmcaitivs. In isolated p!#r,. however, er I where the peop'e are seer. ted ihs world I tround the- by thrir hab.t»,d Isogusge, I tivey resrin w.tii an almost aoirylng tens- I r .us cf superstition than 'J, CCnt pistes, I = a t 't eLseots Will s3-:; s,„,0im|tr of Vtit.sent cr rf artir.-t, or scat. "In y sobject, -(i'! of national, ran sriw. V. a;s t.- » pfo, qu-a aVr fsut.,->l|" I «..e us tibscghu Srt„ by itSuny Grutn- / Mncorxtrs.— Ed;tej, prir.tfd.n! puWlhtd I it tin " Dolly News" OSoc.j'line-etreet Mr'.hoorae by Gxoasa Dfa4sr Boca"' I 4fCT, a\t proprjrloc. j," 