THE NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL. The ceremony of laying the first stone of the new Wesleyan Chapel in Pirie- street, on the acre adjoining that belonging to the Corpo ration, was performed yesterday afternoon by his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, in the presence of Lady Young, Captain Sturt, the clergymen of the Wesleyan Society, and an immense concourse of spectators, of whom a large proportion were ladies. The site of the intended building was decorated with flags, those of England and the Wesleyan Sunday Schools occupying prominent positions. A tent was pitched upon a mound of earth from which elevated position the Rev. D. J., Draper, Superintendent of the Society in South Australia, commenced the proceedings of the day, by giving out the beautiful hymn, No. 737, in Wesley's Collection : - Thou who hast in Sion laid The true foundation stone, - which was sung by the assembled muí;ilude with pleasing and solemn effect ; an effect in creased tenfold from their united voices being raised beneath no lower canopy thau that ol heaven itself. The Reverend Gentleman after wards read the 24th ai.d 46th, Psalms, then offered a fervent prayer for th* blessing oi Almighty God on the undertaking. The crowd was so dense, that only those immediately around Sir Henry could see any thing of the actual laying of the foundatioi s'one. A bottle was placed beneath, contain ing a paper with the following inscription " The foundation stone of this chapel, foi the use of the people called Methodists, ir connexion with the Society established by th< late Rev. John Wesley, A.M., was laid by hi Excellency Sir Henry Edward Fox Young Knight, Lieutenant-Governor of this Province on Monday, the 15th July, A.D., 1850, bein< the fourteenth year of the reign of her mos gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. The Rev Thomas Jackson, being President of tin British Conference, the Rev. Wm. Boyce, Ge neral Superintendent of the Wesleyan Mission in Australia, the Rev. D. J. Draper, and th Rev. Thomas T. N. Hull, ministers of th Adelaide Circuit, the Rev. R. C. Flockharl Assistant. TRUSTEES. Messrs John Colton Robert Hawkes Wiiliam Ma'Guire Andrew Johnston William Jones [ William Hutchens ! J. B. Hack I T, N. Mitchell J. C. Coke 1 William Collier Henry Goss ARCHITECT. I Henry Stuckey, Esq. BUILDERS. Messrs W. M. Perryman & Son. ! Our venerated founder has recorded it a his opinion, ' that the object of God in raisin up the Methodists, was to spread Scripture Christianity throughout the land.' To assist in promoting thia object in Sout Australia, this Chapel has been erected, to th honor and glory of the Triune God, Fathe Son, and Holy Ghost, Amen." The silver trowel used on the occasion is most elegant piece of workmanship ; the hand of polished shea-oak, capped with the imperil crown in silver, and emblazoned with the G< vernor's arms, and an engraved view of tl ChapeL It bears also tue following inscrit tions : ON THE OBVERSE. " This trowel was med in laying the first stone the Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie- street. Adelaide, 1 his Excellency Sir lïonry Edward Fox Youn¡ Knight* the Lieutonant-Governor, and presented , him on that occasion, by the trastee s, 15 July, 1850." ON THE REVERSE. " The bost of all is, God is with us.'* i The names of the ministers, trustees, &< 'follow as in the other inscription. His Excellency then spoke as follows * Reverend Gentlemen and Christian Friends, has ever appeared to my mind to be a duty incur , bent on us all to act as coadjutors and brethren a far greater society than that which is compris in the congregations in which we commonly a semble. It is certain that we are citizens of a communi which embraces ail Christendom-redeemed by o ransom - pledged to one service-owing allegiant to the Christian law of love. I therefore give n sympathy and aid to the work of this day. not fa getting in what comparatively minor par ieulars differ from my Wesleyan friends ; but recollects much more vividly, and with ranch greater 6ati faction, the grand cardinal points on which i hold together the common Faith. In assisting to lay the foundation stone of tl House of Prayer, we are discharging a duty whi we may fervently hope and believe will carry wi it a blessing to present and future times. In ti edifice will be read and expounded the sat sublime version of the Holy Scriptures frc which hope and consolation are proclaimed to o friends, relatives, and countrymen at home, ana" j made known to al! nation« for the obedience of the Faith. Whilst individuals are thus led to the only way of salvation, the peace and order of civil so ciety will be promoted, by teaching also in this chapel the scriptural doctrine of " Love the Brotherhood, Fear G-od, Honour the King." As an individual and as a ruler, then, I r< joice that the zeal and liberality, and the number of the Wesleyans and their friends are sufficient to en ga e in so praiseworthy an undertaking ; and I pray God to speed the tood work. The Rev. T. T. N. Hull then delivered an appropriate address, and The Rev. D- J. Draper made a brief state ment, from which it appeared that the chapel in Gawler-place had for some time past been found far too sin-ill for »he growing wants of the Wesievan society ; it had, iheref >re, been determined to erect a rnnrs camraodious build ing upon the half acre on which they than stood, and which had been purchased for six hundred pounds. It is to be SS feet long in the clear, an i 53 feet wide : a space which will accommodate from SOO to 903 persons, and the clear ht-i^hth being 31 feet, there will be sufficient space for galleries of 13 feet depth to be added when required, and there will then be room for 1500. The Reverend Gentleman pro duced the plans, which show also a school room at the oack, of 31 feet by 25, with a commodious vestry, and a space reserved for staircases. The building is to be of stone, roofe l with slate-the style, the e-irly English. The design is in the best taste-handsome ; b ut simple and quiet. 