HUMOURED 'SECESSION' OF- CLERGY. Rumours are rife tliaN if the Superior Court con 'firm Sir H. .Tenner Fust's sentence, there will fo'.low a large ' Secession'— something approaching to what our northern friends would ominously term 'a disruption of the Chinch.' Let no man beiieve such idle rumcurs. Out of the eleven or twelve thousand clergy, that section which still usurps to itself the title of Evangelical is really a very small minority. True, they are in possession of 'the plat forms, and some of them are admittedly men of great ?zeal and sincere piety; but their activity, their I) u - tie, and their much talking are often most egre giously miscounted for numerical preponderance. Nay more— it is a notorious fact that, out of this small section of two or three thousand clergy, there is a large (and constantly increasing) nnmb'er, who have gradually adopted the church's doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration. While we trust common decency will henceforth restrain clerical impeach ments of the Church's teaching, if authoritatively settled — we are not of those who would ' harry' out of the Church rash and mistaken men— we would rather hope that time, reflection, and a more comprehensive consideration of the whole question, will bring many to a better mind. Indeed, there is already a marked improvement in Mr Gorham and his friends — he sets out with sweeping denunciations of the Bishop's doctrine, as not only Popish, but as unscriptural and soul -destroying. Yet his later pleas, by Dr Bay ford, are, that the Church's arms should open wide enough to admit both theories ; while his other counsel (Mr Turner) finally recog nised the probability of' his client being in error. We are persuaded the more the Chnrch's real teach ing* is comprehended, and contra-distinguished from the crude theories of those who, because they choose to attach to Regeneration a more indefectible cha racter than Scripture and the Church attach to it, will attach nothing to BaptUin, the sooner the public mind will be satisfied on this great practical question. In discussing ecclesiastical questions, we ordinarily avoid plunging into any theological disquisition ; but for full satisfaction, it seems indispensable to go to the very foundation of the present system. In our ultra protestantized community, there* are thousands of well-meaning churchpeople, who candidly admit that the Prayer-book and Catechism do teach Bap tismal Regeneration of Infants (and the dispute be tween the Bishop and Mr Gorham is limited to the Baptism of Infants), yet they rashly pooh-pooh this teaching as repugnant to Scripture and right reason. Therefore, while law-lords, and journalists, all lay men — some plainly very ignorant of the subject — are discussing the most abstruse doctrines — we may be excused in briefly offering a triple proof of the above propositions from Holy Scripture, from Church authority, and from sound reason. The Divine Author and Finisher of our Faith not only taught the Jewish ruler that ' a man must be born again,' but further explained how, viz. — 'born of Water and the Spirit.' He habitually illustrated things spiritual by things natural. Now a natural birth is at once— not at twice — years asunder. What human being was ever half born at a past time and his other half not born till ten, thirty, or sixty years after, or perhaps never ? In order to this heavenly birth, He commissioned his apostles and their suc cessors to go and baptize all nations. As Bishop Bsveridge well argues, children compose a great, if not the greatest, part of all nations. Repantant adults offer no bar to His regenerating mercy ; neither can children bar it — both have no other recommendation ,no other claim on the Divine com passion, than that of common sin and misery. And so far from excluding the unconscious babe from His own gracious institution and promise, He Him self specially ' blessed the little children :' and if He blessed them, depend upon it they shall be blessed — in spite of ten thuosand blundering or ca villing Mr Gorhams. St Peter scruples not to exalt this great ordinance into the instrumental cause of salvation — comparing, it to the Ark rising upon the waters of the deluge, he says, ' the like figure, even Baptism, doth now save us.' The passage goes on to show, that the outward symbol is accompanied with an inward grace. Moreover, that the inward cleansing is, in a sense, mercifully tied to the outward ' washing,' and that, ordinarily, the former cannot be attained without the latter — whenever the latter can be had — appears froiii the following memorable in stance : — St. Paul, in his own person, presents the most un answerable argument — it will stand out in bold relief throughout all time, and before all Christendom. If ever man was called and converted to Christianity, by a preceding act of special grace, by what Mr Gorham would call an act of prevenient grace, that man was the irreat annstle of the Gentile world ? v?/. even his conversion (ensuing in the remission of his sins) was only miraculous up to a certain point. He who can as easily use miracles as other means, saw fit, in a marked manner, to refer the apostle to that ordinance which Himself had divinely appointe I — nay more, as if to put everlasting honour on his own institution of grace and mercy to mankind, He wrought a second miracle — supernaturally commis sioned and inspired Ananias of Damascus to admit Saul, erst the persecutor, into the Christian Church. Compare the apostle's two-fold account of his own conversion — not less than three days elapsed after he had repented, believed, and prayed, before he re ceived remission of sins by and in Holy Baptism. Neither his penitence, nor his faith, nor his prayers, nor all put together, sufficed— it was not till the third day that Ananias bade him—' Arise, and be baptized, and wash away his sins, calling on the name of the Lord.' Hence we see why the great champion of free grace always pre- supposed the out ward sign as conjoined with the inward grace ? why he wrote to his own convert Titus, in much the same duplex strain as St. Peter wrote to the dis persed Jews— and why St. Paul reminded the former of ' the washing of regeneration, and the renewing of the Holy Ghost.' Yet the same apostle could solemnly warn Christian men not to ' grieve' the Spirit— not to ' quench' the Spirit. Yes, if he were the author of the Epistle to the Hebrews, he, in a climax of words infinitely stronger than our translation conveys— a climax admitting no if in the case—describes some 'partakers of the Holy Ghost' aa certainly falling away—' falling,' not only as ar tificial theology limits it, ' foully,' but 'finally' too— irrecoverably, tremendously! All this is in perfect unison with the earlier Testament ; in that same chapter, and that same eontext, from which the very first words of our Prayer-book are taken, the Prophet Ezeziel plainly announces that the righteous man, turning from his righteousness, and dying in his iniquity, shall perish everlastingly; and in the closing book of the sacred canon the Great Prophet of the Church expressly warns us he will ' blot' some 'out of the Book of Lile!' Let no man, therefore, slander the scriptural and catholic tenet of Holy Baptism — if the privileges of the baptized are great, proportionably great and awful is their accountability. . This solemn thought is practical— it should lead us to reflect, not only en o-r own accountability, but on the state of the masses of the poor, many of them our neglected but bap tized brethren in this vast community. Just as God's circumcised people of old could not be as they wished — could not be 'as the Heathen' — precisely so is it with the high privileges and solemn respon sibilities of baptized Christians. Tell us not of pe rishing Heatlien~they are not half so accountable as ourselve3, and our baptized brethren around our own doors ! Nor can the least favoured of us shirk our accountability, by the ' thought that cometh into our minds, that, if we make no professions,' we are pro tunto as unaccountable as very Hea thens : — ' Win thought ! which shall not be at all-i~ Biifuje we or obey ; Oar esrs Imvc heard the Almighty'* call, We cannot be as they !' 