THEATRICALS During the last fortnight, the Extravaganza mania has received a material check in the cool reception given by the public to the "Last Edition of Ivanhoe," produced, we fear, at the cost of so much trouble and: expense, but of which we can only express our charitable hope that it is indeed the very last edition of the kind that we shall see for some time to come. We admired some of the dresses, of course, and appreciated Rogers', acting— as who does not ? but anything more stupid than the whole affair we never saw It is. all very well as a piece de circonstance , and as such may tell very well in London, but not having thank God, any starving needlewomen here as yet, nor tradesmen of the stamp of Messrs. Moses & Co., it does not strike us as a very happy se- lection, even of the class to which it belongs. The farce of "Whom do you take me for ?" which succeeded it last Tuesday- week, was nevertheless well received. The broad humour of Mr. Bellfield being highly relished by his merry audience, before whom that pretty little opera, " The Quaker," was played as a finale. As a matter of taste, we certainly cannot regret that this "Ivanhoe " (since twice performed to scanty houses) has been so unsuccessful. \- On Thursday, the 10th instant, was- reproduced,' before a nur merous. ani highly respeotable audience, L >der'a admired opera, Thb Njght Dancers — in our opinion the most striking proof of the talent of that eminent- composer. The action, of. this piece i» founded on a singular superatitition still prevalent in some parts of Germany, on which — as possibly some of our readers may be unac quainted with it — we will just say a few words. The spirits of suoh brides as die on the e.ve of marriage are thereby believed to rise out of their graves at midnight and dance ; and it is accord ingly from these Bhadowy being?, half ghosts half elves, whose mild and affectionate natures have become cruel and capricious, that this beautiful opera takes its name. The following is a brief outline of the plot, according to the best of our recollection .- — When the ourtain first rises, it is evening : a young peasant girl named Giselle is to be married on the following morning ; and delighted with the novelty of her situation, and future prospoots, she sings and danceH, indulging withont restraint in every merry girlish fancy. In the midst of all this, dreBsed as she is, and milst be, in her bridal robes, and having teased her uncle, chatted with her cousin, and listened to the serenade of Albert her lover, she tails asleep. Then comes . her dream, in which fiction and fact, with personages real. and ima ginary, occupy the attention of the. audience. Thus much for the induction , what follows— the main part of the opera, though only the maiden's dream— being represented as if aotually taking plaoe. Herein the advent of the happy morning is, as may be imagined, anticipated ; but the marriage is peremptorily postponed on ac- count of the village curate's indisposition, the lovers being left to console themselves as they may for their unlooked-for. disappoint ment. Albert, oddly, enough (but people always do act strangely in dreams), is determined to go out hunting as usual, and, in spite of Giselle's foreboding entreaties, eventually does so. His young bride, however, first tolls him of a dream she has had, in an exqui site grand soena, at which the bold forester laughingly expresses bis admiration— says that she tells her dreams prettily, and there upon sings her himself a very charming song. Giselle then con jures him to tell her if he is really what he seems to be, and not a prince in disguise, respecting which, dazzled apparently by his manifold perfections, she has some slight misgivings. He gravely assures her that he is of the same bumble rank as herself, and leaves her somewhat comforted. A great prince — no less than the Duke of Silesia — now comes on the stage, whose daughter, Bertha, is soon disoovered to be the fiancee of the perfidious Albert, who himself turns out to be.the nephew of the Duke. At the sight of the fatal ring on Bertha's finger, which proves that Albert is indeed betrothed to another pqor Giselle' gentle spirit gives way and she dies. The qext' act shows us, her grave, with a lake in the distance. Bertha comes in, followed' by the villagers to, the grave of the luckless, bride, where, Albert, magni ficently dressed, " en prince isi mourning over her loss. After a while, as it grows late, they leave him, dreading the super-, natural appearance of the Wilis, or bride -ghosts — and Albert vainly invoking the spirit of his beloved, at length also retires r and lays himself down on a bank not. far from the grave. With a wild strain of unearthly music the Wilis then suddenly make their ap pearance, under whose mysterious influenoe Griselle, in her shroud, rises slowly out of her narrow resting place to join their revels. After a ballet they disappear ; and Fridolin, a troublesome and inquisitive village beadle, (admirably sustained by Mr. F. Howson ) with a- ludicrous mixture of presumption and alarm, calls loudly upon the " pretty sprites" again to come forth, which they presently do, and dancing him off into the adjacent lake,. drown him therein for his pains. Giselle then appears to Albert alone, after having, fruitlessly warned him to leave the spot, which he still refuses to do. Ooce more the wild sisterhood come gliding into the scene, successively making overtures to their mortal guest, who. turns - away with mute indifferenoe from each of them until be recognizes bis own Giselle, with whom he eagerly joins in the mystic dance. The morning begins to dawn — the Wilis droop and disappear— and Giselle, in an exquissite strain of melody, with passionate fondness, bids Albert an eternal farewell. Clouds — or rather what are by courtesy supposed to be clouds— then close in, wbioh when withdrawn discover tho veritable Gizelle, as we left her at the end. of the induction, still fast asleep. She wakes — starts up— her - lover and: the real bridal -party -enter, and. she is then married in .earnest. ' The ehief character Giselle, is of oourso:- appropriated to Mra. Glierin, who can act, sing, and. dance well, without which three fold qualifications in the prima donna, this opera would, we con ceive, be at once uninteresting and unintelligible. The secondary- part of Bertha, hitherto performed by Madame Carandini previous - to her retiring from the stagey was very- respectably sustained by Mrs. Gibbs, to the satisfaction of -the house, and even, we believe, of that fair vocalist, whose idle thus devolved npon her, and whom we observed to be present. She was however, let.it be remarked- en passant, wretohedly dressed; even the lady, .whose part she in other respects so creditably filled — and whose taste in such matters has always strack us as being singularly infelicitous— never ap peared in a more unbecoming costume, not even excepting that memorable black and scarlet dress which startled us at a concert- not long since. This by the way. ' It' should nevertheless be borne in mind that theatrical costume is now a days no subordinate matter, and therefore mvst not be neglected. . It is- one of those few things in whioh the modern stage has improved, instead of having positively- declined. We. hope this- friendly hint will, be taken as it is meant. Mrs. Gibbs, however, was not the only person who sinned against our fastidious notions on this subject. We oertainly were astonished to- see Wilis in anything but white, both as- virgin brides and spirits : — pink boddice s and coloured, wreaths' being, to our mind, sadly out of all character. Myrtha, too, with her olumsy golden rod, looked more like an Oriental fairy in some extravaganza or other than a German Wili,. though it was, of oourae, some relief to find that the odious spangles were at length discarded. One word more, whilst we are grumbling— as to the clouds — the wooden, olguds— which separate the opera itself : from that cadre in which ik is enclosed, we resolutely defy any body ever to gues what they are intended for, ynlosh let into the seoret by aucae good natured person or othe-. Surely this might be easily rem jJiedi.a bqrtaiBr-««y/ king v'ould be preferable to such a hor ribly; daubed piece of framework as that we are alluding to. Au reste. we ha.ve nothing else to do but to express our general ap probation. Mrs. Guerin was in fine voice, and sustained her part with her aceuH'-oined ability, and especially in the celebrated flower duel , in which she was, as usual, well supported by Mr J. liowson. The part however wh oh pleased us most was certainly the proud scenu— the dream in the dream — which was highly appreciated by the house, and would douotlesa have been encored had not such a thinjg been inadmissible. Altogether the opera was performed in highly creditable manner, and wo heard several persons, recently froin England, expressing their astonishment at the style in which it was got up There was a very fair house, not perhaps so nume rous as we could wish, but still far greater than was in attendance at the performance of Ivavhok. A pleasant farce, entitled Chamber Puac ice. sucoeeded, but the allusions were, we fear, for the most part of too local a nature to make it very popular amongst us colonials. 'The chief theatrical performances of this week, besides the still enrviving Ivanhok. have been The Mountain Svlph and La Sonnambula ; the former of which was played on Monday lait before a large and highly respectable audience. A new farce, en titled Out- on the Sly,- suoceeded La Sonnambula on Thursday night, and proved to be, in our humble opinion, a very heavy, pointless affair. We presume, of course, that it will not be re peated. ' Bbginav Muuntcas ilk. —This oase was tried at the last sittings of the Criminal Court, when several points were reserved for ar gumerit before the JudgeB in Banco. On Tnursday, Mr. Broad- Burst mqved that the rule nisi ba made absolute, as the information was bad, inasmuch as it did not show with sufficient certainty that ah election within the meaning of the Act of C-iuncil was held, or a poll taken before the returning officer or his deputy, or that there were any candidates or legally qualified candidates, or that the de fendant polled, or that there was any nomination, or demand of poll, &c.;, &c.; The Solicitor General, on behalf of the Crown, argued that, although it would have been better to have stated these averments more clearly, yet that after the verdict they- could infer the facts necessary to be proved Mr. B -aadbiir3t, in' reply, flkid that -unless the rules of pleading were to be neglected in crimi nal cases, this information must.be deem d bad. Tue Jndges over ruled all the objections. The -C nef Justice, saying that although at first sight he was inclined to agree with the learned -counsel for the defendant, yet that on subsequent examination he was induced to correct his former opinion ; and Mr. Justice Dickinson being of opinion that after verd ct certain fao'.s might be inferred to be proved, although he was not prepared' to say that the objections would not be sustained upon a special demurrer. Mr. Justice T-herry conourred in the opinion of his brothers, although he had' bad his doubts. The Solicitor-General prayed judgment-; and Mr, ffustioe D.ckiusen, in passing sentence, said that the Court -were unwilling to believe that the defendant bad really intended to commit a fraud, and on that aeoount they were unwilling to con demn him to the indignity of imprisonment. Influenced by the recommendations of the jury, and the testimonials of character which the defendant had brought forwaid, they were disposed to be lenient in their sentence. The sentence of the. Court was, that lie pay a fine of £30, and be imprisoned until euch fine was paid. Mr. Mountcastle, thanking the Judges for their lenity, said that be was not hurried away by any zeal ; he had taken no aotive part in the election that day, and was under the impression that he had a right to vote twice, as he was registered in' two wards of the city. The fine was at once paid. "A Working Man."— -A nibsir extraordinary and incompre hensible letter bearing 'this signature appeared in the freeman's journal of the 17th mstapt Who the individual is who wrote' this precious document, we are riot of course aware, but it does not require much penetration to discover his motive. Thinking in his wisdom that every other subject on which he might attack the people's representative was exhausted; he wishes to take him to task for what he oalls " a strange observation " but which is iu reality one of the most hackneyed quotations in our language. With respect to the sentiment itseltj we are of opinion that Kings have just as much a " divine right to govern wrong," as they have 4t to govern well, " and we certainly thought there, would be no man foolish enough in this dajr, to require information as to any peculiar favour, shown by Providence to either Kings or Em perors. Without, searching the records of history, the events of the last few years have- been quite sufficient to eonvince everybody that Kings are like other men, subject to the caprices of fortune, aad like .all mortals, liable to punishment if they transgress. The day is gone by, if it ever existed, when the odor of inviolability surrounded the sacred persons of riionarchs — when no subservience was thought too degrading — no flattery too fulsome or too cloying.- As chief magistrates of the nation — not tyrants, future sovereigns will have to study the interests of their people more than they have hitherto done, and should they show a dislike to the arduous duties of their office, while they have a particular, affec tion for its sweets, why, out they must go, there will be no drones allowed in the hive. Brit let our friend the " Working Man," when he may he disposed to cavil at anything which may be written or spoken by another, be cautious lest he should again mis take a quotation for an original observation ; or that while he is only disposed to snarl at the living, he may he in reality finding fault with those who were dead before he was born, and who have left names which will be remembered long after he has returned to hiis mother earth. We shall look with great anxiety for the ex tracts promised us by our contemporary ; they may he amusing inasmuch as they may show us the credulous folly of our ancestors, hut tliey certainly will not be instructive, for they will never con vince any of the present generation that kings are anything but the children of accident, or that they are of one whit more account in the record book of the world than the meanest of their subjects. Testimonial to Mr. C. WiNbEYER. — To the Editor of the People's Advocate. Sir,— About two years ago a subscription was got up for the purpose of presenting a testimonial of respect to our late police magistrate, Mr. C. Wiudeyer, I subscribed towards this testimonial, and J know several others who did the saine. Now Mr. Editor, can yon or any of your numerous readers inform me what lias become of the money thus subscribed. I have never heard anything of it since. I am, Sir, yours, &c.;, A Sub scriber. We are not aware what has become of this money ; if any of our : readers can tell, we shall be happy to publish their communication. — Ed. P. A. Life Assurance. — It will be seen by an advertisement in another column, that Mr. Purefoy will, on Tuesday evening next, deliver a lecture at the School of Arts on the subject of Life As surance ; as this, is one of much importance, we hope there will be'alargc attendance on the occasion. " The Era.— We would beg to remind the Editors of this little Periodical, that last Tuesday was the fifteenth of the month ' Addrsss to thr Bishops.— On. Thursday afternoon, a nume rously and respectably signed address was presented, at the old Court-heuse, Castlererigh-atreef, to the Bishops of Sydney, New Zealand, Melbourne, Tasmania, and Newcastle. The Metropolitan de.ivered a suitable reply; and the Bishop of Newcastle added/a fow words regarding foreign missions' . A meeting was afterwards held in the same plaoe, his Honor the Chief Justice in the chair, when it was proposed that Bix separate oolumns be erected in the C itbedral to commemorate this synod -of tbe Bishops of the Southern Hemisphere, and that npon each of the columns should be insoribed the name and armorial bearings o- one of the sees, and that the subscriptions for this purpose oa l .mited to £1 each person. Master and Servant and S«rvant and Master —William Shopland was brought before the Bsnoh on Thursday, to answer a charge of absenting himself from bis hired service, preferred against him by Mr. Perrier of the Cafe Parisien. In his evidence, Mr. Perrier admitted that when the defendant gave him a month's warning, he told him that, as he never expected any good of a sea van t who had given no iee to leave, he was at liberty to go im mediately if he liked. In tbe course of tbe same afternoon, bow ever, be ordered the defendant to go to his work, whioh he refused : and the present charge was brongbt-.in consequence of such refusal The case was dismissed, and the neit on the sheet w$s a oharge against the Messrs. Perrier. for refusing to pay William Shopland his wages. The Bsnoh struck off £3, being the month's notice which tbe plaintiff claimed, and refused costs, as the plaintiff had not given the defendant a proper statement of his acoounts. The late Storm.— Our friends in Pdrrainatta and its neigh bourhood have had their share of the late visitation. The houses in the lower part of the town were completely flooded, and'in one instance the occupants had to leave their residence. The roads in every direotion are seriously injured; and the main road to Sydney seems to have suffered most of all Duck River Bridge bring completely swept away, the dam at Homebush destroyed, and Iron Cove Bridge impassable. The orchards and vineyards in and about Kissing Point have been greatly damaged, and many of the wiodows of the ohureh aud Wesleyan ohapel broken by the hail, some of which have been found measuring five inches in circum ference. Royal Australian Equestrian Circus. — We have been re quested to call the attention of the public to the " Circus," whioh was this week opened for the exhibition of equestrianism. As we have not yet had an opportunity of visiting it, we can say nothing of its merits ; but as far as we can learn, tbe entertainments have, given general satisfaction to the nnmerouB and respectable andienoes which filled the house on Monday and Wednesday night. Tbe spirited proprietor has laid est s considerable sum of money in oatering for the amusement of the public ; and if in return they encourage him, it will be an inducement for him to oontinne bis efforts. By an advertisement in another column, it will be seen that an entertaining bill of fare has been provided for this evening. Commi ttal. — The man named William Booth, against whom a warrant bad been obtained for robbing bis employer's son of £3 2s. 6d., was captured by, the police on Wednesday; and being brought before the magistrates on the folio wiug day, was fally committed to take his trial for the offence. Disputed Property — Francis James Grant, of Princestreet, was brought before Messrs. Brenan and Campbell on Thursday, charged with stealing certain articles the property of Luke Mil- ward. The evidence of the prosecutor went to show that the articles in question were solely and wholly his own property. He admitted, however, that the defendant had been in partnership with him previous to his (Milward's) insolvency. Mr. William Perry, official assignee in the .estate of Milward, reoollected the defendant's making affidavit that this property was his, at the same time that the prosecutor himself had previously told him that every thing in the house belonged to. Grant. The Bench very properly dismissed the case; Burglary.— Ata very late Suiar on' Saturday night, or early on Sunday morning, the .bousei of Mr.Jbaeph Taomas, publican, Sussex-street, between Bathurst rind Liverpool streets, was entered by means of false keys, and the following articles abstracted from the bar : a silver watch, a gold seal, several bottles of shrub and other cordials, together with £4 in money. An accurate descrip tion of the person of a suspected party has been given. A JuvBNiLa Thibf.— On Friday the 1 1th instant, a little girl, about ten years of age, was brought before the bench, charged with stealing some articles of wearing apparel, the property of Mr. Cross of George-streot. Mrs. Cross deposed that on Thursday afterco -n the articles in question were exposed on a line in the yard, aid that shortly after they were missel. The prisoner lived in tbe neighbourhood, and often came into the prosecutor's shop to purchase things for ber mother. Mr. Asher said that ha had ad vanced the prisoner (whom he knew) three shillings upon the clothe. She said that they were given to her by a person named Simpson to put in pawn. Mr. Brenun, for the defence, requested that tbe case might be remanded to give time for the discovery of the woman who had given the things to the defendant. This request was comp ied with,, but when the case was called on again on Wednesday last, no such person had been found. The magis trates expressed their pleasure that, under the new Act, for the more epeely trial and punishment of juvenile offenders, they had it in their power to punish the prisoner without being compelled to send one so young to gaol. The prisoner (or her father for her) was then sentenced to pay a fine of thirty shillings, fourteen days being allowed for payment. Blytiib Waterland s Serenaders —Prize Conundrum.— This affair came off last night with great eclat. A large and hi hly respectable au dience assembled to b-arn the. decision of the jury regarding the silver cup. At the conclusion of the first 'part of the performance, (which as usual was first-rate,) Mr. Waterland requested twelve disinterested gentlemen to step forward, to form a jury. Nobody seemed williug to begin, and the repeated invitations were f r same time unanswered. (Had he called for a " special jury," the honour of the title might have overcome the reluctance of many of the audience.) At length an adventurous gentleman stepped forward, and was followed by four others. Mr. Waterland then put it to the audience whether they were willing to abide by the decision of five jurors instead of twelve, and receiving an answer in the affirmative, he pro ceeded to read the long list of conundrums whieh had been sent in for compctiti n. They were a strange miscellany — good, bad, and indifferent — and bearing relation to birds, beasts, and men. We observed no less than four which introduced the name of the Commissioner of the Court of Re quests ; ano'her pointedly allude ! to the honor «ble member for Durham ; and various other individuals were mentioned directly or indirectly. Mr. Waterland having spoken a fee ing addess to the jury, and reminded them of the solemnity of the task which they had to perform, gave them five minutes to deliberate. At the conclusion of the performance he read the decision —the victorious conundrum was as follows : " If a man's leg was amputated above the knee joints, why should Blyth Waterland be consulted? Because he can make an out and out knee grow negro)— bones and all." An unhappy individual now protested against the decision, saying that he had sent in eight conundrums, not one of which had been read. After a few moments, he came forward, and at Mr. W.'s request, repeated one of his pets It was such utter non> ense, that we return our most heartfelt thanks to Mr. Waterland for sparing us the infliction of tlie-other seven. Another person, evidently labour ing under great excitement, exclaimed "I protest;" but his cry was u i- heeded, and he sank back into his seat, exhausted by his own vehemence. The cup was then delivered to the winner, and the Railway Gallop concluded the evening's entertainments. Australian Polka.— We have received a copy of the above, which is dedicated to Mrs. George Hill. It ic a lively and spirited air, but is better adapted for a fall band than for the piano. It is highly creditable to the composer, Mr. Marsh. . 