Domestic Intelligence. Mr. ELLISTON'S LECTURE Hamlet" was the play selected, the best known (nominally), the least understood, and the profoundest of Shakspeare's dramatic compositions. The leo turer opened by quoting the critical remarks of Mackenzie and Charles Knight, and briefly sketched the historic incidents on which the play is founded. He then proceeded to read particular scenes, exhibiting the same judgment in the selection, and the same gracefulness in delivery, which we noticed with approbation on a former occasion. We think his impersonation of Polonius was singularly felicitous, and that the Graveyard scene could not have been better given. It was received with unbounded applause Whilst so much diversity of opinion exists, regarding the character of Hamlet, we should be sorry to dog. maize; and if we think his conception of that character faulty, we must also remember that the greatest masters (Kemble, for instance) were considered not to have embodied it correctly. We thought the lecturer least happy in those scenes in which the Prince expresses the courtly scorn of a thorough gentleman for the flies who buzz about a court. We feel that we ought not to criticize the " Ghost scone," because, with every advantage of the modern stage, the reader's conception of it has never been realized. How, then, could a single speaker do it justice? The room was crowded, and all seemed gratified. The intervals necessarily required for the relaxa- tion of the lecturer were agreeably filled up by the performance of several beautiful pieces on the organ. It was announced, at the conclusion, that Dr. Officer would lecture on Tuesday evening next, on " Palaeontology." . MILITARY. MONUMENT The monument to record the deeds of the brave men who fell in the New Zealand campaign, rapidly approaches completion, and will add another beautiful decoration to our city. The design, we believe, is by Mr. Dawson, whoon architectural taste is exhibited in many of our public buildings, and lnuono so prominently as in the High School. 'v? ROBBERY We have been informed by a gentleman, that he was stopped by three ruffians yesterday evening, opposite to the unfinished brick houses and Air. Watchorn's, on the New Town Road, about half-past 6 o'clock, as he was returning to his home. The robbers took only a penknife, for the gentleman is not in the habit of carrying money. The police will do well to attend in this neighbourhood. MILITARY FUNERAL -On Tuesday last, Major Carr, who had visited this colony from India for the benefit of his health, and who had expired the Sunday previous, was buried with military honours. All the officers of the garrison and the leading officials attended, besides a large con- course of spectators. \- inadvertently we published the remarks of the Courier respecting the " Pitcairn Testimonial," without acknowledgment; we regret this the more because those remarks occupied the position which we intended for our own. FRIGHTFUL MURDER-A half-past nine o'clock last evening the body of a man was found in the yard of the ' Angel Inn, ' Lonsdale-street, under circumstances which leave no doubt of a horrible murder having been committed. A row took place in the house, and a constable entering to quell the disturbance, found the corpse stretched upon its back in the yard, cold, obviously murdered by strangulation, and with the pockets cut away. immediate information was of course given to the authorities, but no one has as yet identified the unfortunate deceased. Two parties have been taken upon suspicion in consequence of being in the house at the time of the riot Port Phillip Argus, June 25. SYDNEY Pending the arrangements for bringing out a second daily paper in Sydney, Dr. Lang is getting up a weekly journal, to consist of twelve pages demy folio. It is to be called 77s Press, in imitation, I presume, of M. G Harden's paper in Paris, Concurrent with the issue of this journal, there will, it is reported, be a monthly magazine, which will principally be devoted to religious matters. The object of the latter publication is probably that of avoiding all controversial matters in the columns of the newspaper. The Roman Catholics are also getting out a weekly paper, which is to be called Freeman's Journal, in imitation of its Dublin prototype HALF-YEARLY Report of the Directors of The Tasmanian Building and Investment Association for the half-year ending 30th June, 1856. In conformity with the Rules of the Society, the Directors have now to submit to the Subscribers a statement of the affairs of the Society for the half-year ending 30th of June. The total expenditure which has been incurred on account of the Society from the commencement of its formation, as shewn in the Abstract appended to this Report, amounts to £60 13s. 5d. Of this amount £33 12s. 6d. has been incurred for printing and other charges connected with the formation of the Society prior to the appointment of the Directors, leaving £27 6s. 4d. as the amount expended during the six months of their management. Of this latter sum £9 Is. has been expended for advertisements which it was deemed necessary to publish in the newspapers, £5 5s. for printing the Rules, £4 0s. 4d. for purchasing pass-books and other books required for the use of the Society, £1 1s. for the fee of the Surveyor for inspecting a property offered as security by a member who afterwards relinquished his share, and £7 19s. is the charge made by the Secretary for the use of the room in which the Society's meetings are held, lighting and stationery. The actual charge for management has therefore only been £7 19s., and the Di- rectors do not anticipate that more than that amount will be required during the ensuing six months, and which the Directors feel confident the members will not consider to be by any means unreasonable. With regard to the assets of the Society, the Directors are glad to have it in their power to report that the whole of the expenditure as above stated, with the exception of 9s. 11d has been met by the funds which have accrued from entrance fees, fines, and lapsed shares, and that the present members of the Society are there fore now holding the amounts which they have paid up free from any deduction, with the first redemption fee on account of interest standing to their credit, less the small sum above-named, as shewn in the annexed statement marked B. At the commencement of the Society 191 shares were subscribed for, but of these 22 have been relinquished, leaving 169 shares as the number held on this date. The sums received on account of fees, fines, and lapsed shares amount to £60 8s. 6d , or to an amount sufficient within nine shillings and elevenpence as above stated, to meet the expenses of the Society. The total amount received by the Society on every account up to the 30th of June amounted to £564 9s. 4d., as shewn in the statement marked A. £360 have been lent as an advance upon six shares in accordance with the Rules of the Society; £00 18s. 5d. as before shewn has been paid for expenses, an item of 19s. 6d. also appears as expended for discount, being the discount allowed by rule at the rate of four per cent, upon the subscriptions for four shares paid in advance for one year by a member, on which a profit will arise to the Society by its present investment, and a balance of £143 10s. 11d remains in the hands of the Treasurer, as shewn in the pass-book now laid on the table. On the shares which are reckoned as still held, a sum of 226 4s. is due, which it is expected will be paid in the course of the present month with the fines which may have accrued thereon. The total annual amount which the Society will have to advance as at present constituted will be £1014, irrespective of redemption fees. To the correctness of these financial statements, the Auditors appointed by the members at their last meeting have attached their certificate. With regard to the advance of £360, the Directors have to state that the security on which it has been granted is of the very best description, and that the mortgage has been duly prepared and registered in the Supreme Court, and the other provisions of the Rules carefully attended to and carried out. At the commencement of the Society some delay occurred in advancing the funds of the Society as they became available, and which must be attributed to the Directors having had their experience in management to gain, and to their anxiety that no error in the appropriation of the funds should occur. By an addition, which the Directors propose to make to the Rules, and which is about to be submitted for the approval of the members, provision is made for the advancement of the funds as rapidly as they accumulate, and under this anticipated rule the redemption fee on four shares has been paid to-night by the member, to whom an advance upon six shares has been sanctioned. The necessary Bill for the government of the Society has been drawn up under the instructions of the Directors at no charge to the Society, and the Directors are glad to add that the Lieutenant-Governor has sanctioned the necessary steps being taken for its being submitted to the Legislative Council, the usual public notification of the Act having already appeared in the Gazette. Under the Draft Bill which has been submitted to the Legislative Council, and which has been drawn up in strict conformity with the Acts of the Imperial Parliament, and of New South Wales, in reference to the same object, it will become necessary to make some alterations in the Rules and the Directors have accordingly caused the Rules to be very carefully revised, and such alterations and additions made, as the Act appeared to require, or as appeared to be necessary on other grounds, which life experience in the working of the Society has brought to light, for the sake of carrying out the objects of the Society with more precision and certainty. These alterations and additions will be explained and severally submitted for the members' approval after the reading of this Report, and the Directors have only further to remark, in respect to them, that no alteration has been made in the principles on which the Society was established, and that they trust they will be found to meet with the general concurrence of the members. The Directors have to state, in conclusion, that they have every confidence that the objects of the Society will be fully realized, and that an opportunity is afforded to the Society of profitably and securely investing small savings superior to any that has hitherto existed in this colony. Similar Societies are in progress of formation in all parts of the United Kingdom, and if found of benefit in a country where the interest of money is low, they must be doubly so where it is so much higher. From the remarks, however, which have been made as to the effects of bidding for advances, the Directors see reason to congratulate the members that that plan has not been adopted by this Society, but that a fixed rate of advance has been determined upon, which enables every individual to determine exactly whether it is for his interest to join the Society or not. 