UNEXPECTED DISCLOSURES. [From Sharpe's Magazine.'] Mr Hawkshaw, a friend of ours, who was on a visit to a neighbouring nobleman, picked up a piece of paper as he was going down stairs one morninfT. As he was lather inauisitive. he looked into the contents, with which he was exceedingly amused. It was an account of house expenses kept by one of the servants. Among various items, he found the following : — To fraeh ep/gs for ray master and mistress. . Is. 6d. To stale ditto fur Mr Hawkshaw ? 0*. 4d. Mr Hawkshaw entered the room where his host and hostess were sitting, and pretending to think they were privy to the servants' mode of enter taining him, made great amusement for himself. Among unexpected disclosures, that which took place at the house of a family where we were in* timate, caused much mirth at the time of its oc currence. Here there were large evening parties occasionally, to which Mr J., the master of the house, had a particular dislike. From these en tertainments he always sought the privacy of his own chamber, leaving his wife to apologise for his absence in the best way she could. She generally accounted for it by saying he had been suddenly called from home on professional business. One evening a large company had assembled, and Mrs J apologised for her husband as usual : — ' Most urgent business some miles off in the country had required his moat special attendance, which had been a very great disappointment to him — he would have been so glad to have had his friends about him,' &c.; The guests, as politeness demanded, chimed in with his regrets. Supper was laid for a great number on two tables, which extended the length of the room ; the space be tween the two was sufficient for the servants to pass up and down to the sideboard, which was at the top of the room. It was during the few mo ments' silence which has been sometimes observed to prevail even in the largest companies, and it was now near the conclusion of supper, when the door flew open with a great swing, a strange gaunt figure deliberately bent his way between the tables, and, as the room was brilliantly lit up, he was visible to all the company, and every eye was fixed upon him. He wore no garment but a shirt, which did not reach to his knees, and his white cotton cap surrounded by an imposing tassel. When he reached the sideboard, he poured out a glass of water, and drank it off, then retracing his foot steps, he passed out of the room. If the guests at first mistook him for a ghost, they had ample lime to be undeceived, as he passed in review before them, and to recognise the master of ihe house. He was a somnambulist, and when his wife flattered herself that he whs asleep in bed, he appeared among his guests, giving the lie direct to all that she had asserted about his unwilling ab sence. Poor Astley, the artist, when in very low cir cumstances, took the greatest pains to conceal his situation from his intimates, and to keep up a res pectable appearance. He was reduced to many shifts to accomplish this object. One day he joined a party of artists in an excursion into the country — Sir Joshua Reynolds was among them. The day being oppressively warm, there was a general call to ** cast off coats.' Astley for some time refused to comply ; at length, overcome by the bantering of his companions, he reluctantly suffeied them to pull off his cuat. The waistcoat, whose repairs he had hoped would never have met mortal eyes, was now exhibited to view. The back, made out of one of his landscapes, repre sented a foaming cascade, and elicited shouts of laughter. A birdcatcher in Plymouth used to conceal the birds, as he caught them, in his hat ; but one day meeting Northcote on the road, he wished to make a respectful bow, and doffing his hat, out flew a whole bevy of birds, chirping and flapping their wings, to the no slight confusion of the man, and the amusement of the artist. Children sometimes make unexpected disclosures which produce great awkwardness. A gentleman dining with a friend one day was struck by the earnestness with which one of the little girls re garded him, and taking her on his lap he caressed her. ' Please, Sir,' said she, ' tell me what is in the house next to you ; I'd like very much to know, and to see it?' 'And tell me, my little dear, why you wish to know ?' *' Because I heard mamma sav, Sir, that you were n8xt door to a brute.' We may suppose how mamma felt when she heard herself thus quoted. ' What are you about, my dear ?' said his grandmother to a little boy who was sliding along the room, and casting furtive glances at a gentle man who was paying a visit. ' [ am trying, grandmamma, to steal papa's hat out of the room, without letting that one see it,' said he, pointing to the gentleman, ' for papa wants him to think that he is out.' 