THE LAST ACT OF THE DRAMA. 'All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players.' So spake one of the greatest geniuses the world ever witnessed; and we su noose we must include in the cate gory not merely the general run of mankind, but even editors, whether dismal or farcical, who sometimes play such fantastic tricks be fore high heaven as make even angels weep. We know not whether it was in their character of tragic or of comic actors, that two of our contemporaries perpetrated each a most egre gious blunder, in regard of the construction of the new Act for the Better Government of the Australias; one affirming that the existing Legislature was restricted by the Act to the adoption of the qualification in use in New South Wales ; while the other as confidently maintained that the existing Legislature was authorised to establish universal suffrage. We have shown that both these assertions are erroneous ; that the existent Legislature, while it is free to accept the New South Wales qualification, is also free to reject it, by adopting a lower rate of qualifications for electors and elective members respectively ; and that the Act, while it invests the Legislature with the power of reducing the qualification of both electors and elected, does not authorize it to establish universal suffrage. There is, however, such a thing as ' driving a coach and six through an Act of Parliament ;' and we have no doubt that, if our legislative patriots were really bent on such a feat, they could ac complish it. This, perhaps, is what our con temporary who alleges their competency to establish universal suffrage wishes them to do. Now, without soliciting the Legislature to adopt a course so ultra-demagogical, we may reasonably require of them so far to respect the wishes of the community as to fix the qualification of electors and elective members respectively at the lowest possible figure, and thus adopt a rate of franchise which shall almost make the suffrage universal. Such a procedure, while perfectly consonant with the spirit as well as letter of the Act, would inter pose no obstacle to the ultimate adoption of the educational qualification ; or, at least, would make the suffrage so general as to render the general education of the people a matter of policy, as it certainly is one of duty ; and thus, in either case, the great object desiderated, the education of the multitude, would be secured. We are rapidly hastening to the last act of the drama, when the Legislative Council will yield up the ghost of its political existence. It cannot be affirmed of that body that its wounds have been all before and none behind. It has had to sustain so many thrusts from so many dif ferent quarters, that the spectators can only admire its catlike tenacity of life, while he sympathizes with it in its expiring struggles. It is related of Caesar that, when he saw the doom which inevitably awaited him, his chief ambition was to fall with dignity ; and, accord ingly, enveloping his person in the graceful folds of his toga, he piepared himself to re ceive the stabs of his executioners. We are simple enough to believe the Legislative Council not destitute of a similar ambition. Would they immortalize themselves in death ; would they retrieve past errors, in some mea sure inseparable from their anomalous position ; would they be transmitted to remotest posterity as the benefactors and fathers of their country, then let them confer on the colony something as near to universal suffrage as pos sible. If they cannot absolutely ' go the whole hog,' let them reject nothing but the offal. Seriously, our expiring Legislature being in vested with such important functions, some means should be adopted for conveying to it the sense of the community aa to how those functions should be exercised. There is ample time for enlightening it* Neither the colonists nor the Council can now plead that they have been taken by surprise, or that they were nol in possession of all the facts of the case in regard of which they are called on to pronounce and act respectively. 