Erelaittr. HERESIES OF THE NATIONAL BOARD. (From the Tablet.) We referred last week to. the last Lenten Pas toral of the Bishop, of Clonfert, in which his Lord ship announced to his spiritiial subjects that^ ' in regard to schools, we must rely on our own exer tions.' Several reasons are assigned by this able l relate ior tins uoiitmsiim, wjuui ue is auuwu to have taken— not hastily or rashly— but on the most mature deliberation, and after repeated communi cations with the Government Commissioners. His Lordship did what he could to avoid the alternative of breaking with the Board ; but^ having done the best, and received no satisfaction, , he came to the conclusion which we have quoted from the Pastoral of last February. One of the reasons assigned by Dr. Derry for this course is thus stated : — ' Theo logical tracts, compiled by Protestants, and Scrip ture extracts, also similarly compiled and fashioned, are industriously circulated at the public expense, contrary to the knoion wish of the Catholic Diocesan.' This, it will be admitted, is a grave charge, and, as a like complaint has reached us from many parts of Ireland, and especially with re- '? ference to one volume which the Commisioners, we ? are told, have it very much at heart to disseminate as widely as possible, it will not, probably, be going out of our way to give such of our readers as have ? not seen it an idea of its contents, and also of the disposition of the Commissioners towards Catholic education, as indicated by a work which is emphati cally their handiwork. The book in question has recently been published with a new title, and, as we recollect, with the author's name in front, under the protection of a . London publisher, and in more elegant paper and binding. But the copy that lies before us is en titled, ' Lessons on the Truth of Christianity ; being an Appendix to the Fourth Book of Lessons, for the use of Schools. Dublin : Published iy direction of the Commissioners of National Educa tion, &c;, &c;, 1838.' On the brown back of it are stamped, by public authority, these words : — . ' The property of the ? National School.' In a word, the book, is a familiar treatise on the Evidences of Christianity, written by a Pro testant clergyman (Dr. Whately), approved by the Commissioners of National Education — Catholic as well as Protestant — and by them attempted to be forced on the Catholic pupils of National Schools for their instruction in matters appertaining to the JUaith. We have heard many clergymen speak or it, and we never heard one speak of it who did not : declare that it was a book essentially, radically, and irretrievobly heretical. Of course, like Tom Paine's works, it contains many truths : but there seems a universal concurrence among all Catholics who have read it, that it is, as we said, essentially un Cath lie arid anti-Catholic, and that the sanction of : the Catholic portion of the Board can only have been obtained by -some unaccountable accident. Such is the description that has been made to us of this book, which was first published in 1838, and which, after- a lapse of twelve. years, is once more attempted to be forced upon the Catholic youth of '. this kingdom, and to be circulated wherever the - English tongue is spoken, as having Catholic authority for its statements and reasonings. The first thing that strikes us on a perusal of it, is the first word — '? We.' Who are 'we?' The writer and softne other person or persons. Who is the writer ? A Protestant Clergyman. The other person or persons, or some of them, are the inmates of the schools for whose 'use' — God help them — -the book has been written ; that is they are Ca tholic, Protestant, Presbyterian, Unitarian, arid Jewish children. The personal pronoun ' we,' therefore, stands ' first for the children above enu- ? mem ted, and then, generally, we imagine, for the rest of the world that speaks English. ' We can never be thankful enough that we live in a land where Christianity is known, and where we have been taught the existence and character of the one living and true God, &c.; It is an unspeakable blessing that we have been taught lohat God re quires of us, in order to please Him, and especially that being sinners, we have been taught hoiv to ob tain the pardon of our siiis.' We don't wish tp strain at gnats, because there are in every part of this book plenty of camels, which no human throat can swallow ; but we doubt whether, for the last eighteen hundred years, two sentences more glaringly, hopelessly, and per niciously false, M'ere ever written by the hand of man. Many more astounding lies, and many more wicked and even blasphemous untruths, have doubt less, from time to time, fallen from human lips and ?fingers. But the assertions of the book before us are not merely false — like the assertion that there is no God. This point-blank style of untruth is, indeed, included in them ; but there is a great deal more ; and any Atheist who could invent a sen tence which at one^ and the same time? under the form of a plausible and harmless truism, should convey four such statements as those which follow — (' There is a God ;' ' There is no God ;' 'There, both is, and is not, a God ;' and 'It makes no mat ter whether there is, or is not, a God') — might perhaps, hope to rival the glory of this great logician, who' certainly has performed this very feat, not indeed with regard to the existence of God, but with regard to the Sacrament of Penance. For what does he say ? We leave out of account Jew', Unitarian, and Presbyterian. We confine our self to the two classes of Catholic and non-Catholic. The non-Catholics — taking only the Anglican di vision of that species— have been taught some half dozen ways of obtaining the pardon of their sins, and all of them false. The Catholic has-been taught the only true way of obtaining pardon, and the necessity of conditions before pardon, which ?the non-Catholic not merely denies, but repudiates with scorn and abhorrence. : Again the Catholic and non-Catholic differ as to what are sins and what are not sins. The non Catholic thinks that a merit which the Catholic knows to be a damnable offence, and, therefore, the former opines that he has occasion to glory in what the latter knows to require strict and bitter repentance. Now, if Dr. Whately's book could, without irre verence' be treated as a dramatic entertainment, the «We' with which it begins might be supposed to be a chorus of little, children, and to be divided into semi-choruses, who should sing out the same words to convey contradictory meanings, and should answer one another in a sort of diabolical ;i . chant. . The meaning of what the Catholic semi-chorus sin^s to the Protestant semi-chorus, would be as follows : — ' You, who live in heresy and schism, find believe these evils to be good ; you, who scoff at confession, and deny the power of absolution ; you, who believe sins to be virtues, and therefore not to require repentance ; you, who, when you know that you have sinned, even then reject and refuse the means appointed by God for obtaining pardon ; you, who have been so taught all your lives, have, in being taught these falsehoods, been taught truly how to obtain the pardon of your sins ; your teaching has been lamentably defective and fundamentally erroneous, but it has been em I phatically true ; and for this false teaching which is true, and which, perhaps, conducts you to hell when you wish to go to heaven, you have reason to be thankful as for e an unspeakable blessing.' ' The Protestant semi-chorus snuffles in reply .- — ' You, who (as we think) live in idolatry and su perstition; who, for propitiating God, put your trust in grievous sins against His Majesty ; who believe in the atoning efficacy of relics, images, the mediation of sinners, and perpetual simony and sins against the Holy Ghost ; you, who have been taught this all your lives, and nothing but this, have, in being taught these falsehoods, been taught the truth, and have to thank God for* idolatry, su perstition, and simony, as for ' unspeakable bless ings.' ' This chant being ended, forth steps, with a smil ing countenance, the Choryphams — the great Author of Logic — and, patting Papist and Puritan on the head, in token of his gracious approbation, takes'up the unearthly strain .- — ' You are taught contradictory propositions, but both are true. You' (turning on one side) ' are taught that the right road leads to Heaven, and the left to Hell ; and you' (turning on the other side) 'are taught that the left road leads to Heaven, and the right to Hell. , - iBut you are both taught the same thing; and it is 'an unspeakable blessing-' that these important truths have been conveyed into your minds.' And then we may imagine that the scene winds up. like the chorus of witches in Macbeth, and in the very same words : — ' Fair is foul, and ftnr is fair, Hover through the fog and filthy air.' It would take a dozen volumes to expound and expose all the delectable things that are to be found in this little tract ; but a great many of them are summed up in this one instance, in which the author quietly takes for granted the falsehood that there is an abstract Christianity distinct from known Creeds and Church ; Avhich is neither Catholic, nor Anglican, nor Presbyterian, nor Unitarian; but which, in some mysterious way, contains a set of abstract ideas, about which all denominations aoree though, all denominations agree that they differ about them. ' „ His reason for writing the book is not less untrue and anti-Catholic. He tells jthe Catholic child (p. Sp-or rather the 'mixed' Board tells him— that he writes this volume in order that the child may he. made '? early acquainted with some bettei reasons f.r being a Christian than that his parents were so before him, and saw it to be their duty to rear him as a Christian.' By this language the Board in structs the Catholic child that though he has been taught by the Holy Ghost and by the Church, yet, jmtilhe has studied some such 'book of evidences as this, he has no better reason for being a Chris tian than the word of his parents ! Dr. Whately, or rather the Board, goes on to suppose the case of a death bed ; and the dying person ' brought into great distress and perplexity' trom which a previous perusal of Whately's or 1 aley's Evidences would have saved him ! Of course, the person who wrote this book knows nothing about the nature of faith. -He is a Protes tant clergyman, and therefore it is his trade not to knew it ; but what a sad ignorance of the secrets «t the heart in its last awful moments this sentence reveals. A Catholic, whose faith has been strong ..through -life, whether he be learned or ignorant may, ot course, b.e troubled on his death bed with temptations against faith. Ignorance does not in crease the danger of such temptations ; learning 'loss not dimmish it. Perhaps, indeed, the very reverse is nearer to the fact. But if the danger j-ises in either caso, we fear that neither Palev nor Mhately would afiord much help or consolation to me departing soul. ' .'???'. ' ? ?— — — ? ' ... 