THE AGAPEMONE. [From the London Times of May 25.] As to the general tenour of Vice-Chancellor Knight Bruce's decree in the 'Agapemone' case, there could be no doubt — it was clearly out of the question that such a person as Brother Thomas could present himself before any English tribunal and claim the guardianship of an English child. The only hesitation possible was as to the grounds upon which the Vice-Chancellor would base his judgment — we should perhaps rather say as to the tone which might pervade it. On examining the decree we perceive that the learned Judge adopted the simplest and the most effective plan — he read out, in extenso, and in open court, the principal affidavits in the case, and very properly concluded that Brother Thomas had put himself out ot the position in which he could claim from the Court the enforcement of his paternal rights. We think we can trace in the brief comments upon the affi davits interspersed throughout the decree, just that feeling which must be common to all rational persons who read the report of this case — a sense of the ludicrous struggling for expression, and yet repressed before it is expressed ; and a still deeper indignation at the blasphemy and folly of the prin cipal actors in this extraordinary story. Therein lies the difficulty even of commenting upon the decree — it is hard to suppress a smile at the re ligious gambades of this new coterie of fools or fanatics; but yet the subject of their illusion is so awful that the levity of the moment is quickly suc ceeded by a more serious and a more appropriate feeling of disgust. The Reverend Henrv J. Prince, the ' Servant of the Lord,' as he is styled, is the chief Hierophant of these new Agapemone mysteries. In the case of this individual it would be a false analysis of the human mind to declare that sheer rascality and imposture are at the bottom of his proceedings. It must be confessed that the facts of the case are strongly persuasive to such a conclusion, when we hear of the creature-comforts which Mr. Prince has procured himself on his poor £400 per annum — coaches and four, expensive saddle-horses, a luxurious establishment in a beautiful country, unbounded power over the minds and purses of his idiot dupes, and other incidents of the like nature. Despite of all this, it would be erroneous to suppose that the duper is not himself to a certain degree his own dupe. We are confirmed in this belief by the perusal of a short pamphlet written by ' Arthur Augustus Rees,' minister of the Free Chapel, Sunderland, with a copy of which the author has favoured us. This gentleman was, it appears, for seven years, 1836-43, the bosom friend of the 'Servant of the Lord,' from the time he entered, as a student, St. David's College, Lampeter. During a portion of this period he describes his life to have been most exemplary. ' The forenoon was given to study, and the rest of the day to prayer, the Bible, and meditation.' The life and writings of ' Gerherd Tersteegen ' fell into his hands, and soon a change was per. ceived in him. He became more desirous to per form the Divine will, even in the minutest affairs of life. At length he determined not to say or do anything without some intimation from above. 'For example,' writes Mr Rees, ' if Mr P. were about to take a walk, and there were every appear ance of rain, he would not carry out his umbrella without first seeking the Divine will.' He soon abandoned his own judgment altogether, and from believing that he ought to renounce it, he came at last to believe that he might act contrary to it. We feel almost as though we should crave pardon of our readers for following out further the delu sions of this wretched man ; we do so in the hope that others may be deterred in time from following in the steps of the miserable dupes in the Agape mone. Impossible as it may appear, there have been found men and women of mature years who have been deluded by this fanatic, and why should , not others be duped in the same manner, if the real character of this sect is to be slurred over by ex parte statements in affidavits? We will there- fore copy verbatim the two sentences from Mr. Rees' pamphlet which show the progress made by the ' Servant of the Lord ' between the year 1837-43, and the point he finally reached. 'Having pursued the course above named for several years, he was now induced to believe that he was under complete and conscious subjection to the Holy Ghost within him, and that he said or did nothing without His immediate direction. * * * * The stage before was that the Holy Ghost had absolute dominion over his soul; the stage now was, that the Blessed Spirit was personally united to him ; or, to use his own words, that he was the Holy Ghost personified.' Such, then, and so blasphemous, are the preten sions of the head of this new school of religious fanatics. It is clear that when he haS been so successful in his proselytism the subject is not one which can be dismissed merely as an apt theme for an idle jest. Brother Thomas, the father of the child whose future welfare was concerned in the result of the, Vice-Chancellor's decree, was one of the co- dupers or co-dupes, of this fanatic impostor. Mr. Prince had gained so great and so unhappy an influence over the mind of a Miss Agnes Nottidge, a young lady of considerable fortune, that she was deluded into a marriage with this Brother Thomas, a man without a sixpence in the world but what he could make out of his religious pretensions. He seems to have been a happy mixture of the Irish fortune hunter with Mr Dickens's ' Brother Tadger.' Whatever hesitation we may feel as to the extent of Mr Prince's delusion, there can be no great difficulty in finding an appropriate name for Brother Thomas. Miss Nottidge had asked this penniless, religious adventurer to make a settlement of her money upon herself. He wrote in answer from Brighton, as fol lows : — 'My beloved Agnes — I must write to you just what the Spirit leads me to do ; this I do with the more confidence, because I believe you have an ear to hear what the Lord may say unto you through him that loveth you. You mentioned your desire to have enti tlement of your property upon yourself: this I assured you would be very agreeable to my feelings, and is so still; but last evening, waiting on God, this matter quite unexpectedly was brought before me. I had entirely put it away from my thoughts, leaving it to take its course as you might be inclined to act; but God will not have it so — He shows me that the principle is entirely con trary to God's Word, and altogether at variance with that confidence which is to exist between us, who are one spirit. This desire on your part must be aban doned : give it up to God, and show that you can trust His faithfulness, and I can assure you the confidence you repose in Him will not be disappointed. I know God, and I know that none who trust in Him shall ever, can ever, be confounded. He that hath an ear to hear let him hear. As regards the promise you made your parents, I would merely say that any promise made when you were unconverted, and which was not in accordance with the Word of God, you are not bound, neither would it be right in you to adhere to. I must bid you farewell, and believe me to abide in much love, yours affectionately in the everlasting co venant, 'Brother Thomas. ' The testimony of Jesus will be proclaimed in adullum on Sunday ; Louisa and Cornelia are in a much more happy state. God is showing His faith fulness to them.' The marriage unfortunately took place in July, 1845; and on the 7th of February of the next year Mrs. Thomas, at Weymouth, received the following letter from her precious husband, then at Bridge water : — ' Saturday Night, Bridgewater. 'My best beloved, — I herewith enclose you a small portion ; eat, drink, yea drink abundantly, and let your soul delight in fatness ; let the will of God be your home and resting-place. Out of His will there can be no happiness, but in His will there is life, and joy, and peace The Servant of the Lord told me that you would not be in your presmt state unless you had rebelled months ago, and thus you will suffer for it in not being able to go about with me as you otherwise would ; but when I see you I will tell you all about it, for the present abide quietly where you are, and go on as if I were with you. I have seen all the articles you sent in my portmanteau. I found much pleasure in looking at all the little things you had packed up. I do love you more than I can tell; we are parted outwardly, but we shall meet the closer as the consequence, we are separated now, but we are not severed; we see each other not, but we are one. For the present farewell. Let Harriet and Clara have as much love from me as I can offer, after what I give you. I abide, dearest, the same, your unchanging and affectionate ' Brother Thomas.' The manner in which poor Mrs. Thomas had ' rebelled' consisted in the fact that she was then five months gone in her pregnancy, and this, for some reason or other, was displeasing to Mr. Prince. From the beginning of February, 1846, until the present time, Brother and Mrs Thomas have re mained entirely separated. One only child was the fruit of their ill-starred marriage, and in the fate of his offspring the father never interested himself until the present moment. His object in his appeal to the Court was to recover the guardianship of the child, now four years of age, and to transfer it to the Agapemone, to be there brought up under the spiritual direction of the Rev. H. J. Prince, the ' Servant of the Lord.' To such a conclusion as this Vice-Chancellor Bruce has very properly opposed himself, and has determined that the custody of the child shall re main with the mother and the maternal grandmother. As far as these persons are concerned, the case may be taken as terminated ; we wish that we could announce in the same sentence the entire downfall of the den of religious imposture on which the name of Agapemone has been bestowed. We must con sole ourselves with the expectation that its duration will be brief. There is no muscle or energy about the system. It is just a comfortable west-end club, in which all rational candidates are black- balled ; as soon as the purses or the zeal of the subscribers are exhausted, the institution must become bankrupt. The Agapemonians are an expensive sect. Theirs is not a belief that appeals to the sympathies of the poor, and no belief ever yet struck deep root that did not mainly recruit its ranks from the indigent and suffering' millions. The heresy of the Agape monians is a four-in-hand heresy. Every proselyte is expected to come down with a handsome subscrip tion, and, like the pupils at fashionable boarding schools, to bring six silver forks and an ample supply of fine linen. [rule] The Mother op Washington — The character of pvery nmi open to ihe ueuial sympathies of nature, as developed in the healthy atmosphere of the Christian household, is fumed in no ieeonsiderable degree bj hi* mother, and strengthened or weakened by his wife. The biography of these, then, may throw much light on that «f i he object of their common solicitude. It has been often remarked that the mothers of gr-?at men have always exhibited strong traits of character. Never was the truth of the assertion more forcibly exhibited than in ♦? Mary, the mother of Washington.' The quiet, uneventful character of her life, for had it not been for her son's very remarkable greatness ber fame would do have extended' far beyond the churchyard of FrederictuD, strengthens rather than impairs the truth of the remark, f -r it is io the'qnirt and seclusion of home that the character is formed, that the child becomes the 'father of the m-.n.' Never was a more beautiful illustration of the fifth commandment given than iu the re= peer fu! ' Hnnsnred. miditn' w'nh which the youth full Waihiaet-n eonraene-*-* his letters «- his parent, and the same reverent spirit which distinguishes his interview with her whfO, on hi- wjy to assume the chief inajji-i'.racv of the eveo then greatest republic of the w. .{!,), he turns aside to ' honour' his grey.haired nw'her. Her 'George was always a good bojr' is a prouder, a more ekquent tribue to its subject than all the Fourth «f Jnlv eulcziums . from 76 to tbe present day.— New York 'Literary World. j 