FACTS, FANCIES, AND RE COLLECTIONS. Trivial fond records.—Shakspeare. The Age for Learning to Sing.—The earliest age, that of six or seven years, is the most appro priate forleamingto sing ; voice and ear, so obedient to external impressions, ore rapidly developed and improved, defects corrected, and musical capabilities awakened. "With several children, a few weeks practice suffice to change the entire character of their voices; which, though at first weak and in different, and of almost no extent, become strong, extended, clear, and in some cases, of a fine quality. Such instances are best calculated to dispel the prejudices existing against musical instruction at an early age. —UR jYLAINZER. likes ok likes. Curved is the line of Beauty, Straight is the line of Duty ; Walk by the last, and thou wilt see The other ever follow thee. A Ghost ik Love.—The Abeillc Cauchoise tells the following story :—" A few nights, ago a worthy fanner, living near Yvctot, who had lately become a widower, was aroused at midnight by the loud barking of his dog. On going to it the animal dis played extreme terror, whereupon the fanner took his gun and proceeded to an inspection. All at once lie saw a horrid phantom, clothed in a white sheet, rise behind the hedge. The farmer turned deadly pale, and his limbs shook with dismay. He, how ever, contrived to ejaculate,' If you come from God, speak; if from the devil, vanish!' ' Wretch !' ex claimed the phantom,' I am your deceased wife, come from the grave to warn you not to marry Maria A , to whom you are making love. The only woman to succeed me is Henrietta B . Marry her, or persecution and eternal torment shall be your doom!' This strange address from the goblin, instead of dismaying the farmer, restored his courage. He accordingly rushed on the ghostly visitor, and stripping oft' its sheet, discovered the fair Henrietta B herself, looking excessively foolish. It is said that the farmer, admiring the girl's trick, has had the banns published for his marriage with her." The Exact Whereabouts.—In the comer of a large field at Newby Head, in the parish of Morland, is a small enclosure or plantation, known by the name of the " Quaker's Sepulchre," which was for merly used by the Society of Friends as a place of sepulture, but which has for a number of rears been deserted. On the mural monument in the east wall, belonging to a family of the name of Laverick, is the following quaint inscription :— " Here lies my love, my only dear, Eight feet straightforward just from here.' A Sterx Lover.—Guy, the founder of that noble edifice, which bears his name in London, was a bookseller in Stock's-markct, between Cornhill and Lombard-street. He had a maid-servant, whom he agreed to many, and preparatory to his nuptials, he had ordered the pavement before his door to be mended as far as a particular stone, which he marked. While her master was out, the maid, who was innocently looking on the paviours at work, saw a broken place which they had not repaired, and mentioned it to them; but they told her that Mr Guy had directed them not to go so far. " Well," says she, " do you mend it; tell him I hade you, and I know he will not be angry." It happened, however, that the poor girl had presumed too much on her influence on her wary lover, for Guy, enraged to find his orders interfered with, renounced the matrimonial scheme, and resolved upon perpetuating his name by building a hospital. This man was so complete a pattern of economy, that the celebrated Vulture Hopkins once called upon him to have a lesson in the art of saving. Being introduced into the parlour, Guy, not knowing his visitor, lighted a rushlight; but when Hopkins said, " Sir, I always thought myself perfect in the ait of getting and husbanding money, but being informed that you far exceed me, 1 have taken the liberty of waiting upon you to be satisfied on this subject." Guy replied, " If that is all your business, we can as well talk it over in the dark," and immediately put out the light. This was evidence sufficient for I.opkins, who ac knowledged Guy to he his master, and took his leave. MY MORNING S WISII. I wisli'd that two vowels'were join'd In wedlock so holy and true; And I could not but think in my mind That these vowels must be I and U. I tried them again in my mind, As I turn'd myself round with a sigh, Yet no more could I make of the two" For reversed they were still U and I. Eitect of Litigation.—The village of Wil loughby, near Rugby, presents one of the strongest examples of the evils of litigatiou that we believe this or any of the adjoining counties can afford. Some years ago it possessed charities to the amount of £500, per annum. Unhappily, the objects of the testators became a matter of dispute between those who had the management of the funds and some litigious individuals who resided in the parish, and the result was that the case was thrown into Chancer}', Here it remained some years, and when the matter was decided, not only were the funds of' the charity exhausted, but the trustees were reduced from a state of comparative affluence to complete poverty. Indeed, we understand, that one or two of them have actually been obliged to take refuge in the Union House, and ask relief of the very board of guardians of which they were once members. The village now, instead of being one of the prettiest and most wealthy in the county, is one of the most desolate looking and poorest.—Berkshire Chronicle. FRIENDLT ADVICE. Have leisure ever for a friendly deed, Nor plead th' excuse that wordly toil and care Leave you no time to succour those in need, Or soothe with sympathy the woes they hear. Female Influence.—Beauty is a dangerous property, tending to corrupt the mind of the wife, though it soon loses its influence over the husband, A figure agreeable and engaging, which inspires affection without the inebriety of love, is a much safer choice. The graces lose not their influence, like beauty. At the end of thirty years, a virtuous woman, who makes an agreeable companion, charms her husband more than at first. The comparison of love to fire holds good in one respect, that the fiercer it burns the sooner it is extinguished.—LordKames. Never Give Up.—"What if you fail in business You still have life and health. Don't sit down and crv about mishaps, for that will never get you out of debt, nor buy your children frocks. Go to work at something, cat "sparingly, dress moderately, drink nothing exciting, and above all keep a merry heart, and vou'U be up in the world.—Family Friend. Ri ling Passion Strong in Death.—The un derstanding may lie so perfect and mechanical as to survive even memory itself. We will give two instances. De Bagny, the mathematician, had been two davs in a deep iethnrgy, and had not known even his own children. Mnnpertius abruptly, and, with a loud voice, asked him what was the square of twelve ? " One hundred and forty-four," replied a lingering remain of the expiring intellect. The celebrated physician, Chirac, was much in the same state, and witlu ut any power of recollecting those near his dcaih-bed. His right hand mechanically laid hold of his left, and feeling his pulse, lie ex claimed, " They have called me too late. The patient should not have been bled. lie is a dead man." The prognostic was soon after verified. John Q'Gaunt's Palace—The Palace of John Ci'Gaunt, in Lincoln, has been sold by auction ; and It is reported that the building is to he pulled down and the materials sold. It was at one oi the windows of this guildhall that Lord Husscy was beheaded, for taking part in the rebellion against the Refor mation ; and the citizens are reputed ro bare so iur favoured the C.'.thoue movement, which brought several to the block and tile axe, as ro resist as a. presumptuous innovation the injunction, that the cum, li service should be read in a language they could understand 1 The doomed palace is generally considered to have been built by John O'Gaunt tor the summer resilience ot Avatheimc &\\\inford, the sister of Chaucer, the poet. The remains of this lady are interred in the cathedral, near those of Henry of Huntingdon, the historian. 