Original Poetry. THE SONG OF THE BRIDGE. (A-LA-HOOD) BY HARRY DASHBOARD, ESQ. O list! list! list! To hear how a ghost can sing, And then, like me, you'll own it to be A truly marvellous thing: When midnight deep brought balmy sleep, To seal up the Yassites' eyes, From the top of a post thus sang the ghost Of their dolorous "Bridge of Sighs." Build--build--build; Why do you not go a-head? Is it that your Warden's so stubborn-willed, He'll neither be driven nor led? O! how can I check my gushing tears?-- How stifle my grievous moans, When I cast a look at those arch-less piers,-- On Gunning's tormented stones? Meet--meet--meet; Propose, crosshackle and spout; Nor half an inch from the contest flinch, Till you bowl all marplotting out; Hume, and Watson, and Wood, Watson, and Wood, and Hume, Guard well the pass, while the town of Yass Is threatened with baleful doom. Build--build--build, Where pier and buttress will stand; Where springs are found trust not the ground, It is little better than sand; How funny 'twould look, if a raging flood, In its wild, resistless will, Your structure sped from its shickery bed, To play "chuck-stane" with Watson's mill. Meet--meet--meet; Keep changing members, and then If change of measures you can't effect, You're sure of a change of men; Ransack the town both up and down, Of candidates there's no lack; Let all in their turn committee-men be, From J.P.'s down to butcher Jack. Build--build-- build; Keep Coomar-street ever in view; Nor lose a sight of its vested rights And interests, whatever you do; Then Yass may boast, at some future day, Of those townsmen who bore a share In the siege of Hibernia Terrace And Ballinamona Square. Meet--meet--meet, And carry your purpose through; Pull one, pull all, the Terrace must fall, Though 'twere propp'd by great Brian Boru; And whilst 'tis tottering mind your hits, Strike boldly and never give in, Till you've perfectly satisfied Governor Fitz That you ought to have charge of the "tin." Build--build--build, And keep your township alive; Build --build--build If ever you mean to thrive. O! Yassites, 'twould be no less sad than strange, After all your struggles past, [change If your "Bridge of Sighs" should by any means To a Bridge of Humbug, at last. Yassville, October, 1850. 