THEATRICALS. The last fortnight has not passed by without being distinguished by fresh efforts on the part of our indefatigable friends at the Vic toria, iu contributing to the amusement of the public. Besides the able performance of pieces whose sterling merit has already secured for them a favorable reception from Sydney play-goers, two new dramas have been successfully produced, in both of whioh there is much stage effeot, considerably heightened and aBaiated by excellent aoting. Thk Gipsby's Vengeance, ok a Hand at C.,rds, is one of these pieces; and Tub Crock of Gold, or thh Murder at the Hall, is the other. They both belong, as may perhaps be surmised from their titles, to that olass of tnelo-dramatic composi tion which has always been so popular with that important part of the audience who take up their position in the pit, and must, occa sionally be conciliated by things of this sort. Tab Gipsey's Verge a ncb. notwithstanding, contains many effective scenes, the chief charao:er — Holmes— being ably sustained hy Mr. Belfield ; although we must beg to deprecate his ferocity in burning old Sir Marmadnke alive (which he did do, if we mistake not), as being rather too savage an act for him to be entitled to much sympathy afterwards, when remorse and his better nature contend within him in his downward career of crime. Mary Lanyley, the heroine, is very effectively performed by Mrs. Guerin throughout the drama, which is pleasantly relieved by two scenes in the ghost and Guy Fawkes line, io which Rogers and F. Howson are, as usual, actively and laudably engaged in the promotion of laughter. Certainly, iu the Gipsey's Vengeance, there is ho want of variety, however defioient it may be on he score of probability. Mrs. Torning, as her share iu it, makes herself very amusing in the character o i a peasant girl from Norfolk, whilst her unlettered and slighted lover in the smock frock, is exquisitely personated by Mr Griffiths. The piece was well received, and has, since its production on the 9th instant, been performed to good houses. The Muhdsr at the Hall rnnae its aeout on Monday the loth Instant ; it abounds with excitement, not always, to our taste, of the most agreeable description, but in this, as in many other matters, there is of course a great difference of opinion. The assassination of the old woman in her bedroom by her nephew (who stabs himself, when his guilt is deteoted and proved at the cIobo of the piece) is vividly set before us — the flickering of the fire light in the murder scene having au effect upon our nerves which was rather discomposing. The scene, however, in the cottage of the old labourer, into whioh the wealth for whioh this deed has been perpetrated finds its way, is excellent: poverty and rectitude of principle struggling for some time in the bosoms of 'the' Old Acton and his fair daughter Grace) whose soruples, however, vanish at the Bight of the shawl, wrapped' round the fatal Crcok ok Gold by the murderer, for tbe purpose of "more effectually concealing it. Altogether, this pieoe is a verfair sample of the class to which it belongs, and will doubtless be frequently repeated. The operas of the past fortnight have been — The Nigh r Dancers and Maritana; the former being performed on the 1 2th instant, and the latter on Thursday last, when we were pleased to see that popular comedian— Mr. Hydes — ngain make hiB appearance on the Sydney stage, in the charaoter of Caleb Chizzler in the after-piece of Bur However. Tbe performances announced for this evening are The Chock of Gold, above alluded to. with the clever extravaganza of The Enchanted Ism, and the capital farce of Going to the Derby. 