THE DUKE AT THE CHAPEL ROYAL. (From the English Churchman, 1849.) I AGREED with a friend to go to early service (at eight o'clock A.M. to the Chapel Royal, at St. James's Palace, on a Sunday morning in February. The fact that the Duke of Wellington habitually attended there was the induce- ment which attracted us. It was a bleak morning. There had been a heavy fall of snow. Our way to the Chapel lay through St. James's Park. We did not meet a single person. The stillness of London on the earlier hours cof Sundays has often struck me. The state of the weather made this stillness seem greater than usual on this morning, and raised a suspicion in our minds that, in so far as our visit to the Chapel involved the hope of seeing the duke, it would be attended with disappointment. Arrived there, however, and with the usual preliminaries admitted within, we found a singularly interesting congregation. The Chapel Royal is remarkable for a large attendance of the aristocracy, and we saw before us a congregation of rank, fashion, same, power, worth and wisdom, such as is rarely witnessed. In a word, the congregation consisted of one single person, the Duke alone ! Bleak as was the morning, there he was laden with more of earth's honours, dignities, and renown, than any living man, in- tently occupied with the work of worshipping his God and all alone with the Clergyman Thoughts came flowing in upon us from all quarters, Waterloo, Victoria, Salamanca ; clash- ing thousands, the Rounded, the dying, the silent camp, the imminent deadly breach ; glorious victories, admiring millions, applauding senates, grateful princes, gorgeous courses!, in fact, that is viewed as great and glorious in this lower world, with the one exception, as so related to the great personage before us, that they in our minds connected themselves with, and were, by his presence on this occasion, forced before our imagination, and, as it were, seen, felt, realized. Here was the giant spirit which had been raised to sit on the whirlwind and rule the storm-which had, instrumental, for years decided the fate of nations, and people, and kindred, and tongues, and received more of the incense of human gratitude, thanksgiving, and praise, than, perhaps, ever before were awarded to mortal. Nor did there fail to mingle with the retrospect thrones overturned, dynasties swept away, hopes which towered to heaven flung into perdition, curses both loud and deep. The hero, the deliverer, the avenger, the warrior of unmatched wisdom in the hour of difficultly firmness in the hour of hesitation, and forbearance in the hour of triumph, stood before us, his head hear with age, his body feeble, and his voice faint, the solitary worshipper of that God who had so often shielded his head in the day of , battle, and through his arm delivered the British empire and its countless subjects from invasion and overthrow. The sight struck us as particularly fine. On our entrance, the Psalms for the day were being read. The duke took alternate verses , with the Clergyman. He spoke with an utter- ance that was thick and indistinct, and occasionally stammered a little ere he could get out a word ; but still his voice filled the Chapel. Although my friend and I habituañT^Tj the responses, here we felt that it would be in edifying that we should be silent worshinnVr1.* It struck us both that the Psalm was sniffs appropriate. After our entrance it ran and I read thus :- wet The Duke-st will go forth in the strength of the Lord God, and will make mention of thy righteousness only. nv The Clergyman Thou, O God, has taught s, from my youth up until now: therefore will tell of thy wondrous works. l The Duke Forsake me not, O God, in miners age, when I am grey-headed, until I have shine J thy strength unto this generation, and A power to all them that are yet for to come. by Clergyman-Thy Righteousness.. A God . very high, and great things are they that tL" hast done : O God who is like unto Thee? SU The Dukes what great troubles and adver sates hast thou showed me ! And yet did ; fi turn and refresh me: yea and broughtest me from the deep of the earth again. '""Owtram CYcr^ma».--Thou hast brought me to great honour and comforted me on every side The S. Blessed be the Lord God. 'even the God of Israel : which only doeth wondrous things Clergyman And blessed be the name of the Majesty forever and all the earth shall be filled with His Majesty. Amen, Amen. The Duke.-G\ory be to the Father, and to of the Son, and to the Holy Ghost. 2 f'J Clergyman. AS it was in the beginning, is, now, and ever shall be, world without end Amen. "". It was impossible not to feel with peculiar force the importance of that part of the ritual of our church through which the congregation is led to take alternate verses with the Clergyman in reading the Psalms for the day. In what remarkable contrast with the hardening circum stances of daily life, its sordid cares, its hearties, vanities, its corrupting sentiments, do the thoughts of the inspired and royal psalmist present themselves! H«"«ui8t The duke was as painstaking in the performance of his duty as ever parish clerk was, and much more so than many of the fraternity whom I have happened upon. The rubric was punctiliously observed. At the Creed he turned to the Communion Table, repeated the words distinctly and aloud, and all through impressed the spectator with the idea that he was intentlyj>ngaged in the fulfilment of an important duly of his own. The emphasis in the Litany was strong and marked. «. We beseech thee to hear a, good Lord." And at the command- ments, " Incline our hearts to keep this law, was thus repeated on each occasion. The lessons for the morning were, Genesis ix. and Mark xiv. The sermon was remarkable, on Exodus, chap, xxiii. 2. It briefly but strongly showed the dangers connected with too great subserviency to the popular voice, and, of course, without any intention on the part of the writer and preacher, dealt some strokes which the duke must have felt. Dublin Church Sentinel. 