MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A CALCULATING BRIDEGROOMI.-" I've known some very mean men in my time. There was Deacon Overreach, now he was so mean, he always carried a hen in his gig box when he.travelled, to pick up the oats his horse wasted in the manger, and lay an egg for his breakfast in the morning. And then there was Hugo Himmelman, who made his wife dig potatoes to pay for the marriage license. Lawyer," he continued, addressing himself to Barclay, " I must tell you that story of Hugo, for it's not a bad one; and good stories, like potatoes, arn't as plenty as they used to be when I was a boy. Hugo is a neighbour of mine, though consider ably older than I be, and a mean neighbour he is, too. Well, when he was going to get married to Gretchen Kolp, he goes down to Parson Rogers, to get a license. ' Parson, says he, ' what's the price of a license ?' ' Six dollars,' says he. ' Six dollars !' says Hugo; 'that's a dreadful sight of money ! Couldn't you take no less ?' ' No, says he. ' That's what they cost me at the Secretary's office at Halifax.' ' Well, how much do you ax for publishing' in church, then ?' ' Nothing,' says parson. ' Well,' says Hugo, ' that's so cheap I can't expect you to give no change back. I think I'llbe published. How long does it take ?' 'Three Sundays.' 'Three Sundays!' says Hugo. . Well, that's a long time;too. But three Sundays: only make a fortnight, after all;. two for the covers and one for the inside like; and six dollars is a great sum of money for a poor man to throw away. I must wait.' So off he went a-jogging towards home, and a-looking about as mean as a new-sheared sheep, when all at * once a bright thought came into his head, and bnoak ho wont, as hard as his horse could carry him. 'Parson,' says he, ' I've changed my mind. Here's the six dollars. I'll tie the knot to-night with my tongue, that I can't undo with my teeth.' 'Why, what in nature is the meaning of all this ?' says parson. ' Why,' says Hugo,' I've been ciphering it out in my head, and it's cheaper than publishing banns, after all. You see, Sir, it's a potato-digging time; if I wait to be called in church, her father will have her work for nothing; and, as hands are scarce and wages high, if I marry her to-night, she can begin to dig our own to-morrow, and that will pay for the license, and just seven shillings over : for there ain't a man in all Clements that can dig and carry as many bushels, in a day as Gretchen can. And, besides, fresh wives, like fresh servants, work like smoke at first, but they get sarcy and lazy after a while." How TO FRIGHTEN A WILD BEAST. They tell me," said Stephen, " if you stoop down, put your head between your knees, and look bakwards, to a wolf, or a bear, or a tiger, or what not, nothing in the world dare face it. It will scare the devil, will a man's face turned upside down : par ticularly if you go like a horn ; for music is what they can't stand, any howl See; this is way;" and he suited the action to the word, put himself in the extraordinary attitude, and made a capital imitation of the sound of a conch-shell,-as blown at all the farm houses in the country, to call the people who are in the fields hometo their dinner. The third rehearsal was followed by just such a yell as he describes himself to. have uttered when the ghost seized him by the neck; so loud, so clear, and so appalling, that it was evident it was not designed as an imitation, but as a manifestation of fear, or of pain. In a moment, we -were all upon our feet; and really the sight was a most alarming one. A little bull-terrier of old Neal's, that lay under the table, seeing this ,extraordinary being intruding upon his.do main, and defying him to combat, accepted the challenge, and seized him by the nose ; and it was not without great difficulty he was choked off, and expelled from the room. Stephen was badly cut, but not dangerously, and he bore it like a man.-Hlaliburton's Sketches. A SEVERE SHooK TO VANITY.-" She was in a pack of troubles, that's a fact. Still it didn't seem to take the nonsense out of her. Whenever she went among the neighbours, she made them stare, she talked so fine and so foolish about balls at Mason's Hall, pic-nics at M'Nab'sIsland, steam trips up the basin, the parade and the military band, and the fashions, and so on. She took me in hand once, and ran on like a mill-stream, about a regatta and the theatre, and how well Captain Drill of the 15th, and Major Halt of the 18th, and Colonel March of the 7th, performed; and what a charming little afterpiece the farce of High Life Below Stairs was. ' That's a farce,' says I, ' marm, we see played every day of our lives, with out going to the theatre for it. Hans'has been acting a part of that for this while past; and I am glad he has got a woman of sense for his wife now, that will not let him make a fool of himself any longer.' 'I don't under stand you, sir,' she said. ' Well, it ain't to see them things all at oncest, my dear friend,' says I; ' but you will come to see it all in its right light afore long, I make no doubt.' Well, to. make a long story short, arter they had .been the round of all the parties to all the neighbours, and shown off their airs and all their finery, they gave.a large tea squall themselvesat home in return, and invited all their acquaintance. Hans and his wife undertook to astonish the weak nerves of the Clements' folks, and to do the thing genteel. So, instead of sitting down to a good, solid, well-found and furnished tea table, sociably and comfortably, as we far mers do, and help each other and ourselves, nothing must do but have the thing handed about to the folks, who sat all round the room, as stiff and formal.as their chairs, do ing company. Well, as they had no ser vants to do this, the bound farm apprentice boy was enlisted; but just at the last mo ment, they recollected he had no clothes fit for him; so the got over this difficulty by putting him into the trousers of Han's, that were a mile too long and too big for him. The legs they shortend by turning it; but the waist, what in the world was to be done with that? ' I have it,' says Hans, so he lapped it over in places about his loins, like reefing, and enclosed and fastened it all by a belt. After the company had arrived, the little fellow fetched a large tray, as much as he could cleverly stretch his arms to (indeed, it was so wide, it made him stretch his eyes and his mouth, too, as if that would help him), and went round to each one in order. I seed the whole thing, with half an eye, in a minute, and was determined to take a rise out of them ; so, says I, ' Hold the tray a little higher, my man,' and I saw the belt slip up a bit; 'just a little higher, my man,' and I saw the bolt slip up a bit; 'just a little higher yet, my boy : there, that will do;' and up went the belt, and down went the trousers to his hips. ' Oh, my !' says the poor crittur, and he actilly looked scared to death. ' Oh, my sakes! 'says he, and I railly did pity him, for he could'nt let go the tray, and he couldn't hitch up or hold on to his trousers; so he stretched out both legs as wide as ever he could (he couldn't do no more, if he had had a tray there too), and he kind of skated, or slid, for the door, arter that fashion; but when he got there, he stuck, and couldn't get through. At last, he grew desperate, and tried to draw in one foot and send it back again as quick as wink, so as to pass out; but he couldn't manage it, and down went his trousers to his knees, and pitched him head foremast into the tray, slap on the entry floor. I ran for ward, and picked him up by his waistband, and shook him into his trousers again, and carried him at arms' length that way, kick ing and squalling like any thing. ' Here is a beautiful little-after piece, marm,' says 1 to- Mrs. Mader, called High Life below Stairs. The boy plays it just as well as Captain Drill or Major Halt; and then, banding him to Hans, ' Here,' says I,' my friend, clap an old hat on him, and stand him up in the corn-field to scare away crows, and let you and I wait on ourselves, as we used to did, and the old folks did afore us.' It cured them of their nonsense, though not just at once, for folly is a disease that takes a course of medicine ; but it cured them in :the long run."-Ibid. 