METEOROLOGICAL rAllLE. JíETLOROLOGIC.AJj REPORT FOR TUR AA*EEK EXDIXG SUXDAY, NOVE1II3ER 3rd, 185P. Melkunie, Tort Phillip, New South AA'ales, Latitude S. 37° 49' 20", Longitude E. 144° 59' 10". BAKOSHrrEB. TunnvoiiCTEc TUEIUIOilETER. « O-c. ^ es ¡ Mosdat, Ort îs| 2Î I SOU j Tuesdat, . £9* 2* } S9-9C AA'ebxesdat, SO] ai ¡ 29 81 TatjESDAT, 31; ii ! 59*79 - .-._ Fmdat, >"ov. li 2; j 29-85 2SJ-9C 29-93 Ulrrrnir .'! .>« OIJ-CO , «JO. .?.! . O.fi. SO-t'3! 30*02 2!H-Si 29 SS 2983 j 29*80 29 75 29-84 Satuedat, SCSOAT, 2Í i 21/-82 31 2Í i 29.61 29 *-9-Gi 3002 £9.83 29-80 23.81 29 91 2:)-ct 29 a:i c9 CS i C8 8ti i 70 9 j i 88 70 ! 68 e3 j G3 70 j 70 63 I C2 j tJ4 (il 71 84 GH 54 OG 54 NNE AVSAV.JS NE, .NlYt.N NI-, NAV'N. KNE SAV . E ESK, 6AA*, ."s&AY; -.ti í-l.b. S -«. M3, NbvV NAV.S, AA'.SSAV Murnini, mm nmg, sinttorul omiiuUu doini», light hu i tu is NP, tame to W.sW nt O, i by 10} gilli umiuhiH (hinging to uno stratus, miling (bspiising, wind dud nvut), light « aim nut! lui« bl 'I ni «di), wind linallie NI'lo NWliN, light and lu li alii in iteli, mi (louds, thiel, lunn ni) bon/ in nil this d n, ui¿hl inn AA i din stlni,moi mug, no i louth. Oink balte on h u u wini i imbil NL tu 'S AA b.\\\ prmcl. pilli \ I , bnlii mil lu hh altunlidi, uimuhis nulli ii (inn stratus iismp iiluuil it ion, In (oin* nu ixl i in hutmill sinisa Piuung, wind xuiul I Ni li «lit, uuiii« up tnsli ruidilinly from s\\\ ni nut I.' a in .xuiul M.nguii h) iln\break ul .1! t I lim 'u, nimm»' wind light lind numble, M n l.iM ski mi u ul nilli i uimilo MrMni, nil i Him wind lame up lu «li smlilonb hum «.AA nt I, vu ml ssR at til pi«., mulnlglit Inn I lulu ni uiimi' lundi uinuili, light liiei««» S, Ii lund at Hliom ShL.vuii.dS al 11,111. n iib dum ni' lo urrostiatin and u.iui., pin 1 \ m nb mi ml, iii'dit inn «« tuidiv, ¡.ki i nul ni n min matin «II th« du, iiu.i uni . lu t put, lu,'I lunn« N, li bl wind, um ihh nu, uti. i II M In N|,\A, pin ni U sit nidi nu impimi ii indi Ouiiiilu ml leJi'iinu' dun i tin 1 nu put I On« ila), li) bl Inn rt In ni M at > s Sunilai, dniidt, nu innig wind xinin! lo NAN lo N, lu ih, pin nmn! Iinwus tunl AA al 'JJ, S-uV III .1, s|l mir nllt i \\\, umii lu \\\ nguiu ahniit ft, rum dm mg On« night J . u x< ' '"r "«i io latoitun 0 k i ni I ,, toi n a« t -h that ft i < i Ah) t « lu bil "a l,n | ,omp , nu mi nnely md li, din ming- Ile 111 ridden do n to me t thi . ost on O o '11 r 1,, bcforc mid 1 ng b n <-Hcd had got lost i d , ttimntid to eio«j Koro to Cittk at a ni to winn it was not fordnbli Ho nppcis to haie e t s panted bom his horse, was unable to swim, nn 1 not one wns with lum to under assistance iho bodi xx as i ccoi trtd two day s after Ai-i'oiNTMEvr - His Excellency the Go- vernor bra appointed iutniicl Pirro«, l- e , to le Sopriintciiilcnt and A'lsniip T ' io ot agine of prboncrn, u 11er ni monee io b i ii ! I our ou die rods or o tier pub'io xvo ki of iii c lony, em- ployed nt boRtookidc al Penir d e Port Plùlhn N 9. If Govcrnmcn- Gazelle 29 li (Jo ' Tun Gfplono 1]cimipps-A corporal and b o troopers of the black mounted police passed Relinda A nie, Mount Macedon, on "linns dav last, m full scent after four ol Hie Geelong bolters '1 he 1 lad s had tracked tint number to the nuBl bonrhood of the Rush Inn, when they i carre to a fault, and completely lost nil trace of I them However, they protccded on, with san- guino hopes ol coming up with them, or again falling in with their trael s Hoth mon and hors's were ncarlv exhausted Hams-Some ol the rams lately im- ported hv the Navarino from Germany have soon found their way far up the coun'ry , and althou I described as lnsignilicant- looking animals, the) are pronounced by competent ludges to baie fleeces of the finest xvool ever nnioduced into tins country «ome of them sold as high as fifty gi mens each ho cumins antt of these. being the first «old heio by auction Ins led many connoisseurs to inspect them on their journey upwards, and most of the visitors were pleased with the selection MALICIOUS INJURY. —Mrs Bridget Bar- row, proceeded on Wednesday against P. Connolly for maliciously breaking seventeen panes of glass in her house. The complainant and defendant are neighbours, and have had several previous quarrels. A few days since, the wife of the defendant was bound over to keep the peace towards Mrs Barrow. From the evidence of Mrs Barrow and another female, it was proved that Connolly did break the windows, and in defence, an attempt was made to prove an alibi which failed. The bench ordered him to pay 7s. the amount of the damage proved, and a fee of £4. THE POLICE, - Mr Acting Chief Con stable Bloomfield, has laid before the superin tendent of police, a plan for the distribution of the constables on night duty Mr Bloomfield's proposition is to have a constable at each "block" of which there are thirty-two in the city, and when the increased staff is put on duty, he considers there will be thirty-two constables available for night duty Every inhabitant ought to know where to find a constable when he wants one, but under the present system it often happens, that persons go out in search of a policeman and give up the task in despair. The watch-house is about the last place any man should go for a constable, for the answer he is likely to get is something like what an unfortu nate debtor says to his pressing creditor, "that if he would call again to- morrow, perhaps he (the debtor) might tell him when he might call again." Brut alita -An old ¡ruddier in the employ of a peraon who keeps mi inn at a place called bullock Creek, on the Loddon road bap poned to hnxc some no da xxith tht cod of the (s'nbhshmcnt 'Ihowoman compbin d to her master, who without further enquiry nintuito the garden, where tho old man wa3 at work I'o was inn stooping position, nth his back towards his master, ni o thus crept up lo bim unawires and kicked lum with suth loree, as niaily to depn o lum of lift i«o «ojn as ti o poor trraturi rccoxircd himself he crawled away, and with dtiliulty got as fir as ( arlsiuht Inn, whero he «hil remains in a xery prccanrus state II IS timpson, I sq x ho, \ iib some olhtr gen- tlemen, thanccd to be pass ng along the road, ordered, xiltb the mest praisewc-thy leneiolcrue, that every a'trniion should le paid, and eierx mc dual aid afforded to Oil poor man, rt their tost '1 ho perpetrator of this unmanly nt n Otc holde- of a squatting as well as a publitan s license, and any comment on his conduct ia needless. Our Li \nras'-The Victana Colamit is very angry i ith us, m consequence of our Into notico of the letter of i r AA i»'".t n> I «I ..a «Iiatuurituiisly speaks . r our hu'idlo prct(n«ions to pioducing mi) thug ii the leader wai, - "I olding Articles quoth'a I It brings lo ones mmd when leading anieles nero written m the Ari¡u> , xvhen mdejiendenro of spirit, and form of language, and di termina'ion ol iharactir, made the great tremble, and tho oppressor shrink union himstlf I cadmg irtttlcs,quoth'a leading humbugs, phantoms of lendir», ghosts of spint-st rrmj hea- . ouchmglcadervhatero ii lill were wont to stud ita pngts Leaders that tell us the depth and intcusiti of the muddy water that sxxieps by the orhec of this wuter of leaders I eaders that ttll us the ustoundui^ fael of liornas Tomkins lmiing computed for tho first prizo for best tulips nilli Peter Pnggins leaders of four lines long Rall suth Itndtrs ' it makes ono foam at tho mouth to lit or ol suth productions styled leaders It is but tho other day, tint his inttllectunl ni al took tis to tatk about our jokes, and now our leaders aro found not to be tilt thing nt all Pinding therefore, that public joirrahsm onb reaches perfection in tht " toaimercinl pnot no thill chord) pay a prolonged visit to that hnppx m Ujhbourhood, and if we tan obtain n (onrsi of lectures upon joking from Profissor Advertiser, and Dottor ( ohmist it will tutorus a little in the art of leider-v ming, wo hope that no shall still he deemed worthy to drag on our humble and tnoflinsixt existent e ]]ii(TIO\\.firiio Fowl /s -At tho Rourke wirti election on AAednosdit), a man far n linuu d ni beer, was dm en up to tho dooi of l Lo Crown Inn lo had bun lound reeling in the streds, exclninung, " O Shannass) for ever I'mid the cibinnn belonging to tint side having asked him if ho had voted, ho »aid ho had not, mid was atcommodated with a seat in tho x thiele The poll throughout the dax having run exceedingly close, tvery man who announced lumsolf for " O Shannassy,' wasu ctivcd with loud theirs, mid the fortunato fellow who had tims s-curcd tho interest of the tabmnii linppuiul toarrnont a critical timo vvhtii u lote would have gnon O'shannassy a mnjorit) Ho na» conducted to tho polling loom nnudat loud chcors, but if bo ner had Inbiri d under tho delusions that ho uns md tied to xott, upon being usher« ii into ilu mom hew as tompletely taken aback, and ad m.tted that "le was for O' hanna»«y .' hut h« was not a voter, and had no claim lo vote I lus tinkplniomsidn mid elicited nui. h Inighter J lie fuppoicd voter letircd bx the siuw dom 1 c enter, d, and tho trow ti outstdi lot 1 now in,' what took plam -Ailinn, i-ude 1 lim with n repetition of tlieers, mid hi wns dm n ol) In the iahnuiti ngnm,nnudst vnil um« «h nts t "O' haimisäy lor ivrr _ líiicriDNKi hinci Thick lix. -'Hu fol- lowing is «ulm thing ntar a i i iru if tie v ins ncmdid during On« Uti «1 mm windi vur. . lint genuino - Di ad men i ho u lui f> Gonn to < d i tin in i t Pi I xoiiatul bl otho » in ' tam) but billi ml til H> The mix pi nun ul ( in lim lb I i nn i lui of tim ' dodge i of pu s i wh i m un u du h m If Mr Ihoiupson mun lu u 11 ii t vo o as »uro tis fnto hoiiu bod) xv ill \ ot. in Ali i h nii| « ti It Hill Smith limit of toni, Ou in nundi r. of Hill binitlii tobo hil fi lilian wn apiti n drive in 11 tal), und n lundi I hi hui( *..< lint« ol tim wards nu »ia 111 d mu nut « 1 again, mu! ivuy individu ii n j 1 nulli u it ii hy »om» one li) lim intu t d ti uu Id nu li 11 mun up to ti.« Ii«t lum d I n tn ti^ tho qui sholl 01 uu« tob th n I . I "' '",''" , Wim knows lum <\- b u Mih ti 1 II f i lim Tho iinsiui to tun union li« >' u" " nu ilim't poll bun, du 1 will Auld "i sub thus murts 11 uti it I . hi|| 1 I d'it I "ins in topan,- nt! 1 u ii I x t nix iasst.1 " ,, ii, I t min 1 1 hu 1 n0 it ti 1 opnn ,i, i,t. I x « h iq n ti m 1 u I tiwi ,v 11 lui 11 th ins lus Suih ,, " I w d lb mi tun 1 ii .lulioiitcnng hu hu ' I - \\\ nie -dpi'»Ir I I y Mfifrs S ubbi «ni s u 1 . n uu I ti « 1 illili«! of dm Imi oMiint mi e or li) Mimi of I ml ultu lui iii II"' I'leni). Hie dide in mu It) ,u lhair «uolii ti umir», OolIlM «no I, ibu diy al I J oolnck pre I«» J "A ."; "I lind 1 A, ni Sun, Q urn .»licet, at half pot I J,. 1 m k pim I», ly. d5 bain olrmi Heeii wool P (u ijuinul) I mini. 