rns baptist qubvtioh. vroDuetntn — 1 perceive ine leiivr 01 yonr cerretpon dent, (he Rev. Mr Baker, lus been tbe means of calling forth an aneweria a somewhat Puteyits. a; rain, oa (be tablet of baptiiB. There are few, it is hoped (by those who hold the life giving truths of Scripture), who uphold or teacb tbis doct ine in the colony— one which has cawed auch tail divisions in the church of tbe mother-country, aod ?eera« only defensible by the legend or tradition of the -!o:n:»nn Prayer- Bui. k on the subject o! ftiptisraal Re generation. However devoutly wished for has been the revision of thi* book by those churchmen who have no desire to be allied to Roman Catholicism, either in doc trine or practice, unless the Scriptures are made the rule of faith, they have sought in vain as yet to have these ancient relics expunged or dispensed with ; and so they reaiain the same as handed to them some three ceoturies a»o, at a time when many had heen familiarised with th-»e doctrines prior to their joining the Church of the Reformation, and perhaps not viewed by them in the same light at those who afterwards searched the Surip ? uret to see if these things were to. It it evident, how ever, that it behoves churchmen to be oo the look out, lest there he some amongst us who. are not nf us, but who tench for doctrines the commandments of men. I think these men might take a pattern of humility from John the Baptist, and say, 'I baptise with water,' seeing they cannot in these days of the Church assume the position of Ciirist or his Apostles, or those disciples to whom was given the power of working miracles, and the giving of tho Holy Ghost to. such as believed. From what we learn of baptism in the apostolic timeSj it is evident that the gift of the spirit did not always accompany tho baptism by water. There was John's baptism, that was of water, onto repentance. Somo of hi* disciples were afterwards found ignorant of the- Holy Ghost. Paul found some of them at Ephesus, aod bap tised them ?Mth the Holy Ghost. This second part in baptism (if I may so call it} was similar to that of the Apostles on tbe day of Pentecost. Thin baptism of the Holy Ghost was the fulfilment of the promise to them. Thi-y had no doubt, been baptised with wa:er previous to this, and had baptised many before the Holy Ghott was yet given. The»e and other instances, I think, go to prove that the gift of the Spirit did not in all case* attend the baptism by water But it is a great stumblings block to tho'e, who, after sprinkling with wiler the un conscious infant, give thanks to Uod fur having regene* rated the child with His Holy Spirit, to attempt to de prive them of their agency^ for if they lose this, they imagine that there it no foundation for their claim to apostolical succession, and that the Church is left, with regard to its minister?, in a heiplcsa st^te. Let them but consider that their fl nki will be fed by the Quod Shepherd if (hey only lend th?tn to HU pasture*, and though they eannot give the Spirit by the laying oa nt hands, or to thn«e whom they have baptised, yet they can preach to them the truth as it h in Jesu?, and that truth ^hall make them free. And if through the preaching of ibis Word their hearers have laiih, they are told to ask for the Spirit, and it shall be given them. Yuura. &c; , \- A CUUBCBMAR. 