ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. AUPI Al.TKttAM PARTKM. 7*.; the Editor of the Moreton Bay Courier. Sir,-'lu a paragraph headed .' Sufferance Wharves," in your last number, you assume that " the proposed Queen's Wharf" is to be "at the Custom House, opposite to Kangaroo Point." I know not if your conjecture be correct ; but this I know, that the inhabitants will not silently sub . mit to continued loss and inconvenience, merely iii order that property in a particular part of the town may be increased in value : for ¡l is not pos» sible to conceive any other reason for crowding public wharves and buildings into.the neighbour- hood of Kangaroo Point. The Queen's Wharf was, and is, where it ought to be, in the centre of the town of Brisbane, having around it, on both sides of the river, the lands that have been sold as " Town Allotments" at an upset price of £100 per acre. This, 1 say, han always been the situa- tion of the Queen's Wharf,and thin is the sitn-iion assigned to it ou the public pUuisuf the h*»--. At. . ailie \ñ<¡ of 'lind in Iii i.shiiip, the present Queen's Wharf was acknowledged and expressly reserved as such, in ihe oflfrml* descriptions of some of the I tots for sale; and the public will not be satisfied j without some better reason than yet appears for ', removing the title of- that public landing place, | and fix ng -it at the extreme end of the town, in the immediate vicirtiiyvóf'lánd that iias been sold I as Suburban lots, mu'igré'tlíe fact that some emi- nent .persons reside ¿V {>ftaye land in the neigh- bourhood. > The* bonded warehouse opposite to Kangaroo Point will have a wharf, and that should be.sufiicient.' If more public money is to be ex- pended, let it be expended for4hegood of the public .at large, arid not either for the aggrandizement of particular individuals, or for the fulfilment of ec- centric ideas. We have had too much of that sort of thing aheady. ; ". Soliciting a corner for'this ¡n your impartial paper,-I remain, Sir, Your obedient servant. THE GHOST OF JUSTICE. | f0 6th Feb.. 1850. 