THE BEACON-STAR. A CHRISTMAS TALE FOR W\RM HEARTS AND WARM HEARTHS BY COLONNA. (Written for the People's Advocate .) continued from our last. The hall' door was hospitably open, and as he entered, almost involuntarily he looked up ; opposite to him was the portrait of a grim-looking old gentleman, a former lord of the mansion, which Mrs. Harrington bad caused to be cleaned, beautified, and hung in its present conspicuous position. No doubt the original bad been a very high and mighty man in his day. and Waller had always imagined that he looked very surly upon him when he saw him making free with his house and his descendants ; and even to-night, despite the cheering influence of the season, despite the sweet sounds of gay and joyous laughter, which made the old wallB ring as they .bad not rung for many years, as it echoed with a rich and feeling melody from hall to chamber— he seemed to look darker than ever, as if he was annoyed that any one should pre- sume'to be happy while he, like a dried pippin-looking spectre as he was, was condemned to the solitude of the hall. But for once his black looks were unheeded, and sending back one glance of defiance, the youth bounded up the stairs. Passing through the ante chamber, be entered the drawing room, a venerable apartment which extended the whole lfength of the house, and well furnished with long narrow windows, which looked like slices cut out of the wall after it was finished. He stopped for one moment as he crossed the threshold ; to bis untutored eye there was something fairy-like in the scene, something which resembled ' more a dream of gay and innocent childhood than aught flavoured with a taint of earth's reality ; and in truth, according to the old saying, you might \- have gone further and fared worse. Fifty years since the furni ture of these old fashioned houses was more substantial than in our own day ; and the firm and sturdy chairs, which would support the weight of a Lambert without a groan, in the grim season of winter lpoked more cheerful and more comfortable than the light and airy seat with which we accommodate our visitors. On thiB occasion, however, all the encumbrances' had been cleared away ; for there were many young hearts beating with joyous anticipations of a dance, and many fairy-like little feet, which as they touched the ground rebounded with a natural spring, as if even already the music was echomg in the ears of the proprietors. A score of lights, the supporters of which were oarefully concealed amid a I very forest of leaves and branches, sbed around a radiance clear as that of noonday ; while at one end blazed, crackled, and sparkled in all its glory the good old "yule log," diffusing around a cheerful warmth, and vigorously repelling the oold air which would now gad then intrude, as through some neglected cranny the night wind would make a furious onslaught, rustling the leaves of the holly and ivy, and oausing the lights to quiver and burn unsteadily for a moment. Around the fire there was a goodly group — there was Mrs. Har rington, the hostess, yet young and passing fair; the comely wife of the village ourate, whose sparkling eye glanced with pride at her long array of four sturdy beys aod as many blithe hearted girls, and who in a whisper to her neighbour, said that she won dered how she ever could get through the wear and tear of such a family. There were old men who bad seen so many ChriBtmases that one would have thought that the season had lost all pleasure for them, and yet their old eyes twinkled, and their wrinkled faoes shone again, showing that there are thoughts and feelings even in this sad world of ours which will not lose their flavour, however often they are called into life ; and there were women, a very little, their juniors, who had not yet left off the inclination to make themselves' fascinating, and who thought that if the young did not admire them the old might ; and they talked right cheerfully among themselves, although at times the conversation would flag, and there would be an interval of some moments' silence. But it was only when there came over the mind the remembrance of many a long-pasBed festival — of friends whose voices were hushed for ever, whose features were but as the dust which oovered them, whose hopes and cares, pleasures and sorrows, had found a grave years, years before. Apart from these were the individuals who really enjoyed the festive soeao ; no remembrance of flowers, the fragrance of which had long sinoe perished, marred the Bunny brightness of their enjoyment, and quite as careless of the undeveloped future as of the past which eould never be recalled, they revelled in the sw68t sunshine of the present. Among them all — and there were there beauteous eyeB and rosy obeeks, hair that rivalled the glossy hue of the raven's wing, and tresses which shone like threads of fine-spun gold, when over them flashed the radiance of the sun— the look of Walter Crawford fixed itself on one, in his eyeB the fairest of them all. The few short years which had passed since the arrival of Margaret Harrington at Fairyfield had served but to mature those charms both of feature and of expression whioh bad so fascinated tbose who looked upon her in her infancy ; at nine she had been a little boauty, whom to see was to admire; at four teen, respect was added to admiration for to the grace of form, to the exquisitely moulded lineaments waB added the still nobler loveliness of intellect ; when yon looked in her eyes, you saw not only the bright blue orbs which there sparkled so brilliantly, hut also the mind of which they were the windows, and were convinced in a moment that she promised to be not only one of the fairest of the flowers whioh were cherished in the gay parterre of the > world, bnt also that in after years, if she should live, she might be destined to become the idol of a happy home, the shrine at whioh love and affection might offer up their most enduring and most ardent orisons. Jf $ stranger had upon that night stood within that hall and said, 44 Maiden, those gay smiles, those joyous laughs, suit thee not' rather sbouldst thou mourn thy future, and bewail the destiny which is in store for thee;" you would not believe him ; you could not look upon that glorious face without thinking of happiness and of heaven, and you would almost have thought it impious to ima gine for one moment that those bright eyes eould be dimmed by the scalding tears which issue from the fountain of a breaking heart, or that o'er that gay blithe spirit should pass the withering blight ot' worldly care or sorrow. Well is it for us that we know not the future ; fortunate are we that when we place to our lips the cup, brimmed with enjoyment, we know not of the venom which we shall find at the bottom when we have drained it to the dregs. Long and ardent was the look which the young .student fixed upon this fair maiden, and he did- not remove his eyes till he bad crossed the room and placed himself beside her. There was no trace of embarrassment in the smile with whioh she greeted him, none of that sweet, coyness with whieh damsels usually bail the presence of those for whom they have an inkling of a growing penchant. The most accurate observer could not have discovered the faintest increase to the bright hue of health and happiness which already mantled her cheek. Well, how forgetful I am. I thought for a moment that I was speaking of land3 where love i'b very precocious in its growth, where maidens are courted at thirteen and are mothers. in a vear or two after. No. there was nothing of the glow of passion in the bright eye of our fair Margaret ; not yet had any insidious idea of any love save the purest, holiest affection found a place in her little heart ; she was yet a child in all that purity and innocence ot spirit which years do so much to destroy, and which, while they teach us the pleasures of earth, gradually induce us to forget the promised sweets of heaven. 1 would that 1 could linger on this festive scene, that I could tell of how the young folk danced, and the old ones looked on and smiled approval — of the gay songs, blended with others of a more pensive cast, which were sung, till the old walls were amazed and thought that their own young days had returned again ; but 1 cannot. As all happiness is but a dream — a pageant, ephemeral as the roses of summer or the snows of winter, we will imagine that the night has waned, that the abundant supper provided for the occasion has been discussed, and that in spite of fun and excitement many a little eye is beginning to close against its ownei's will, it was drawing towards morning then when Walter Crawford left the mansion of Fairyfield ; and if we must tell the truth, a9 he de parted, he walked very slowly indeed, and yet it was not that his heart was sad, or that a not nnusual depression bad succeeded the buoyant sprits of the last few hours. On the contrary, there was within him a glowing spirit of newly awakened thought and hope,, a vision of a dawn of future years which on that night had first broken upon him, as seated by the side of Margaret Hai-ring ton. the sound of her voice, sweeter than the melody of angel9, fell upon bis ear; and the touch of her hand, li-jht and delicate as it waB, excited a thrill which speeded the blood through every vein. As he walked, or rather sauntered down the avenue, while his tuoughts were busy— his eyes were fixed upon a frail flower, which he carried in his hand ; it was a rarity at that dreary season, and although only a poor monthly rose, yet it had been placed by Margaret as an ornament in her hair. In the course of the evening, it had fallen out, and was made a prize of by the young student. In after years, when the boy had grown up a man — when all the cares and troubles of the world harassed and troubled his heart — when amid the depression of misfortune, even ambition lost its worshipper — when hope died, and despair, like a cloud of the darkest hue, stole over that mind, once so energetic and so trustful — there were moments, sweet-sad moments, when he looked upon the withered and scentless leaves of that poor flower ; and faded, perished as they were, even as he gazed, there came back in a rich swelling tide the memory of the past, of that memorable Christmas ; Eve. when first he had dared to dream and to hope. Slowly as he walked yet he soon reached the boundary of the little demesne, and turned round to look once more upon tho old time worn Bhrine which contained tile idol of his love. Tae lights had been nearly all extinguished ; one or two alone yet faintly twinkled in different parts of the house, and even as he looked one by one they disappeared. One now alone remained, and the boy, leaning against an old birch tree, watched it narrowly ; he knew whence it came, and now and then a shadow passed across the curtained window, which his keen eye failed not to recognise, as the throbbing of his heart told him whose was that form which, like a phantom, glided before him for a moment- While yet be gazed, and a thousand crude visions started to life within that busy mind, over one of the old gables of the house gleamed a star, not one of those wild twinkling planets whioh seem as if they fain would leave their places to come down and destroy us, for our in satiable curiosity about them and their motions ; but a mild, steady brilliant, which in the absenee of botb sun and moon, poured even upon our distant eartb a faint and gentle lustre -The eye of the youth caught it as it sank behind the roof, and at the very moment when it shone right over the chamber of the pearl of Fairyfield. We will not say what fresh thought, What novel ideas, were created by this little occurrence ; but even when the chamber light was extinguished, and the old mansion looked as gloomy as it had done a few years before when all the world seemed to have deserted it for ever, still the youth remained, till the star disappeared as its light grew dim before the dawning gleam of day. Again, through the silent cold looking 'fields, he retraced his steps; and although there was less of animation in the spriDg with which he cleared the obstacles in his way, yet before long he reached the village, and traversing the street found himself athiaown door. Lifting the latoh ho entered, cautiously lest he should dis turb his father, but to his surprise, when he had lit a candle, he saw the old man sleeping calmly as a child beside the extinguished fire. Never had the youth seen such an expression in his face before ; he was smiling as he slept, and from his parted lips, in accents of fond affection, issued the word " Walter." He was dreaming of his son — of that noble, generous boy in wht m was centered all his affection and his pride ; and as the airy phantoms rose up before his fancy, the mask which he had so long worn fell, not from his heart, but from his face, and hiB wortjs bore testimony to the ardour and fervenoy of his love. A thrill of exquisite pleasure penetrated to the very bouI of the youth, as he beard his name pronounced in suoh endearing tones, and he removed the light to another part of the room lest its glare should disturb a sleep apparently, at least, so precious. But noiseless as was his step, yet it awoke his father, and the first impulse of the old man when he opened his eyes was to clasp his son to his heart ; but he restrained himself, and with a oold 44 so you have returned, Walter," he greeted his arrival. " Yes, Sir," replied he ; " 'tis morning — how cold you must be . sitting, there all night." 44 Rather ohilled, indeed," said the old man ; and taking another candle, he lit it and left the room, merely saying as he went out, 44 good night " It was not long before the lad followed his example ; but to sleep was impossible — all the events of the past night came crowd ing back upon his memory — all his thoughts, hopes, and wishes ; and late in the year as it was, and unwilling as was the sun to desert the more genial climes of another hemispfiere, yet he was already gleaming bright over the barren fields and leafless trees in the vicinity of Fairyfield before Walter Crawford awoke from a short and restless Bluraber, in time to accompany his father to the village obureh. They went forth together — types of the earth — the weak and the strong— the blighted tree and the growing vigo rous sapling ; and as they pa9Bed through the village street, many a smile of respectful recognition greeted them ; for Mr. Crawford had earned the esteem of his humble neighbours, who had long before this learned that if he had a stern word in his mouth, he bad a bind and feeling disposition within his heart. They entered the humble edifice and knelt down side by-side. Could we pene trate the mystery of their thought, could we follow the train of ideas whioh passed through their mindB as they bowed their heads in prayer, we would find that in the supplications of the old man were mingled the hopeB and dreams of his whole existence, and that as the youth entreated for mercy and g-ace, he could not help the petition for further success and happiness which mingled itself in his orisons, nor could he avoid the image of that one fair form which seemed ever before him, waving its hand and beckoning him on the path which led to fortune and to fame. Chapter the Third. A man who is writing the very probable fiction, which alone will go down in our day, ought to be very thankful that, wih the de parture of fairies, ghosts, and other splendid creations of the ima gination, or superstition of our forefathers, public taste has not also banished those fearful leaps which some authors feel compelled to make — sometimes of long whole years, at others only of months or weeks, leaving it to the inventive fancy of their readers to fil up the chasm which they hjve left vacant. I have already made a clear jump over five years; and although I do not intend to repeat such an escapade, yet I must solicit, pardon if 1 am now obliged to leave some few months unchronicled, and while I endeavour te erase all recollections of winter, clothe the earth with all the fair and smiling bounty of young and budding summer It was then, a day early in May, and old Crawford had been unusually disturbed and restless since the morning ; his pupils had remarked how grave and anxious was'his countenance, and how absent were his thoughts ; for even the murmur of their voices, rising higher than usual, failed to rouse him from his long reveries, while not once during the day bad he spoken in accents of reproof. Some thought that be must be ill, and I dare say there were a few who would BOt have been displeased at the prospect of a holiday, even earned in this way ; but tbose who were older and knew him better, judged, and judged correctly, that he waB thinking of bis absent son— yes. of Ins son, who had left the home of his childhood to wage his maiden contest with the world. For the last week the old man had been anxious, but ou this particular day he was, ac cording to the old saying, completely on thorns; he fancied that the arrival of tho mail in the eveDing (these were not the days of railroads and steam) would bring him news of joy or of sorrow, of hopes realised or blighted dreams. Never had the day seemed more tedious — never had the sun seemed to travel across the heavens at snob a snail's pace ; aud as for the coach, it surely 'must have been upset, broken down, or tbe horses killed, or some other fatal accident have happened, merely because it was not in the town at least four hours before the time at which it was ever known to arrive belore. The wild, unruly scholars, who presumed a little on their usually watchful master, did not appear to notice these : aberrations, were dismissed an hour sooner; and like a herd of i wild colts suddenly let loose on a rich pasturage, with a shout, they scattered themselves over the village, leaving the old man alone ; and yet not alone, for many a fearful anxious thought was his companion, and hopes and fears blended together so waged a contest in that aged heart, that a confirmation of the worst appre hensions would have been absolute relief to tbat. terrible suspense. Unable to eat, and wearied with walking backwards and forwards to the village post office, the schoolmaster sat down in the porch in front of bis humble cottage, and gave free rein to the many and varied thoughts which were distracting him. The bud was drawing' nigh to the west, the wind of the day was lulled into a gentle ' breeze which scarcely moved the branches of the trees as it mur mured past them, and gradually the old man felt the soothing in fluence of the calm and placid evening. His bead sank upon his breast, bis eye-lids closed, and he fell into a profound and peaceful slumber. When he awoke, he was no longer alone; standing beside was one whom, for his son's sake, if not for bis own, he had learned to love and cherish, and he felt an emotion akin to unalloyed pleasure when the hand of Margaret Harrington was gently laid upon his shoulder. Until the departure of Walter, she had known but little of the old man ; but when he yvas leaving home, as the tear stood in his eye when he parted from the Bcenes of bis youth, and bade farewell to all whose affection made these scenes so precious, he bad told the young girl of bis father's sufferings — of all tbat he had endured in tbat severe mental struggle between the heart which prompted his affection, and the head which warned him of the danger of indulging it too freely. He had pictured to her tbe desolate loneliness of the old man — the thousand cares and feaTS. which, like gloomy spectres, would rise up to haunt him in his solitary home; and like a kind good-natured girl as she was, Margaret had promised to visit and to soothe him. She had kept her word, at first with timid hesitation, for somehow she had. learned to fear that grave stern man, on whose lips none had ever the glory of a smile. But when she came to know him better — when she obtained a knowledge of the lights as well as the shadows of that noble heart, she soon forgot all her childish dread, and . schooled herself not unwillingly to love him. For hours she would sit beside him as he talked to her of his own career — of the bright sun whioh bad lit up its dawn, and of the dark and murky clouds which had gathered round its close. And as he told the history of years— of the fair and gentle being — such another as herself— who. had been the solace of many a bitter pang, insensibly he would be led to speak of his son, from tbe days of bis infancy down to that very time, little suspecting that to the impulses of ambition — to the thirst for fame and for honor — was added a higher and a purer motive for the exertion of energy and of talent in the heart of that son. To no human being had Mr. Crawford ever been so open or so candid, and he excused himself to his own mind by alleging the resemblance whieh she bore to bis deceased wife, and the holy and sisterly affection with which she regarded one who had been for so many years her playmate. No dreams of future 'events which might happen disturbed tbe mind of the old man. He never thought that there was any probability tbat the happiness of his son might be so wound up with that of his companion that a se-. paration might destroy the hopes of either. Although he himself had passed through the ordeal, he seemed to have forgotten it. Since passion was dead withiD himself, he appeared to have no knowledge ef the possibility of its being born and nurtured in the ' breasts of others. , 44 What news, Mr. Crawford ?" inquired Margaret, in that low, sweet voice, which was not tbe least beantifnl of her many charms. 44 None as yet, my child," replied the old man ; bnt as he . lpoked aronnd, and saw that tbe golden radiance which illu- I minated tbe fair summer's scene was the departing glory of the sun, he continued, " Surely the mail mnst have arrived before now.' " Ohl yes," exciaimcd Margaret," as I came down the hill I saw the coach entering the villasr.'' ' We will soon know," said Crawford, in a low voice, for the knowledge that bis suspense would soon be over, bronghi back a renewal of the agitation which had so troubled him during the day. He essayed to rise, but sank back again into his chair. At ttiac. moment a young scamp of the village, who boarded — nobody knew where, and who was accommodated with lodging in the same hospitable locality, was seen driving up the street towards them— his p.t£e considerably qu-ckened from its usual free and easy saunter by Lie promise of a reward when his journey was over. The object of his 3peed was sufficiently apparent, for as he went he flourished in the air a letter — tne letter. The good postmaster, himself a . father, and one who had sons battling with -the world, knew the feel ings of the old mail's heart, and anxious to relieve his suspense as soon as possible, be had despatched an express with the loug yearned lor, long expected tidings. As the boy drew nigh, the trembling limb9 of the parent refused to obey the impulse of the mind, wh.cu urged them to rdsh forward, seize the precious moracl, and press it to his throbbing hreasr, and as it wa9 handed towards him, it would have fallen, if Margaret Harrington bad not caught it before it reached the ground. ''Read it — read it, my child,' said the old man, in a feeble voice, and covering his taoe with his hands he bene his head— every limb quivering like those of one awaiting the moment of his . doom. 