WONDERS AND MIRACLES. Spirits are reported to have manifested themselves in the State of New York, with a rapid increase of that invisible population. In its present aspect the case is a sort of multi plication of the Cock Lane Ghost ; but it is re markable for its duration, its wide geographi I cal distribution, and its connection with the questionable facts of mesmerism. The mani festations began about two years ago in "a house "of "Western New York" and in the shape of "a simple hollow rapping"which could be traced to no visible rapper. The neighbours assembled sometimes to the num bers of three hundred ; searched from garret to cellar, investigated, and finaly listened in pas sive wonder. The invisible rapper was found to be significant in the noises, and also a re sponsible being, inasmuch as answers were given to questions ; the ages of children were counted correctly in raps; a child who snapped her fingers thrice, was answered by three raps ; and it was soon discovered that raps in reply to questions, bore an affirmative meaning. But the rapper proved a scholar apt at the hornbook : " The question was put, * Are you a spirit ? * The answer given was by rapping-three raps. By this means they found that it purported to he the spirit of a man. Many expedients were resorted to by which to find out the name of the man whose spirit was making these mani festations. At length a stranger asked, if I will call the alphabet, beginning with A, will you rap when I come to the first letter of his ; name ?' the answer was in the affirmative. I The stranger then commenced * A, B, C; when j he came to C, there was a rap ; again he went on, and it rapped at H ; and in that Way he spelt the name of( Charles Rasne.' As before stated these sounds have from that time been heard in various families in that place, and the cities of Auburn and Rochester, and various places in the country. Although confined to this rapping sound, the mode of communica tion has gradually improved, so thatmany very curious and astonishing sentences have been spelled by the use of the alphabet. It no longer purports to be the spirit of one man or person; but when an individual makes the en quiry, " Who is it that wishes to communicate with me?" they will generally get the name of some friend or relative-a mother, father, sis ter, or brother, who has passed from visible existence. Many persons have made the trial, and have had names spelled to them of their friends, unknown to any persons present. Strangers have tried it, and had their names spelled out, before any person present knew it, or where they came from. In each family were the sounds appear, there seems to be some one or two whose presence is necessary to en sure communications freely. Generally we find that these persons are susceptible to mag netic influences, and clairvoyant, although we have heard it where there were none that had ever been magnetised or were known to be clairvoyant." About a year ago, this new sect of Rappites became known to the editor of the New York Tribune, a Fourieris- journal, and the journa list was reduced to a state of provisional be lief in the genuineness of what he witnessed, until it should be contradicted. Early in No vember last he received " a message, that the manifestations must be made morie public; and the editor obligingly placed himself at the disposal of the invisible correspondent ; under whose " directions " a public lecture on the manifestations was delivered in the Corinthian Hall of Rochester, on the 14th November; a committee was appointed, and next evening the committee made a report on the affair* To the questions of this committee, it seems, the answers " were not altogether right nor al toge-1 ther wrong," so the new Rappites are not iû* fallible. Another committee was appointed, including two physicians, and two Honorables, who investigated the manifestations in the of fice of Chaneellor Whittesley; then a itara committee entirely composed of sceptics; also a committee of ladies,-as there always ap peared " ladies " involved in these manifesta tions, «The ladies" of the haunted houses were " disrobed " stood upon pillows npongfass, tied, placed upon the stethoscope t» secare that the sounds should not be vocal, and held by the hand; still the Bappites rapped; a vi bration or "jarring "was felt on the floor and throughout the room during the raps; add questions, asked openly, on paper, -cr ?e«a.. "mentally" were duly answered. Something of course there is in these signs; hut «bat? Conjecture makes many alternate answers to that question. It may be a jugale ; and if so, it is remarkable among juggles for its exten sive spread over the soil of the Empire State, and for the numbers publicly juggled. As to the numbers and respectability of dupes, precedents might be found ; but the geogra phical extension seems to be new. It may be a new natural phenomenon-such as anew function discovered by persons in a mesme rised state, who are conspiring to keep it un known. It may be a newly established or newly revived communication from some kind of creature imperfectly cognizable to one sense, as a human being must be to a sightless worm. Or-it may be a real manifestation of " spirits." The last possibility is suggested bj an innate feeling in the human mind to pre sume the existence of supernatural beings., In one sense, supernatural creatures there cannot be, since all must conform to the supreme laws which rule the 'universe. In another sense, supernaturalism is identical with the proposi tion that creatures exist of which human senses are not cognizant ; a probability established by - the progress of science, which continually- das closes to us things partly cognizable, and some wholly unknown previously; while the nature of other things-such as the^imponderables^ is very problematical. Whatever creatures manifest themselves, we may always.assume that they are our fellow creatures in tile sense of being subject to the universal God* But that these sounds should be emitted by any order of "superior** beings, is unlikely on thé face of the evidence; it is also unlikely that they should be alien from humanity. Some traits will be observed in tile narrativecommoo. to all such affairs, The *' spirits'* deal unhesi tatingly with things not belonging to nature at large, or the spiritual world at large, but artificially contrived by humanity j they dodge about chests and cupboards, they are «"*""rtp with human usages, they have learned not only the human but the Anglo-Saxon alphabet, and can spelL A good deal of humanity in ali tins, though not more than might be shown, by a very foolish impostor. The second trait is the tendency of the "supernatural*' visitants to deal exclusively with trivialities and puerilities-^ startling women amd children with raps, spell ing names, and counting the ages of children "correctly." Now, before it can be supposed that any higher order of things would stoop to such triflings, we must alter our whole ideas of what is superior and what is inferior. WHAT IS A HAM? - In the Ex<meqoer Chamber on Tuesday, in tile case of the . " Queen v. Gallears," Mr Henniker appeared for the defendant^ who was convicted at the quarter sessions for Salop of stealing "a ham value lüs.w Tie learned counsel contended that the description was insufficient. It might be a portion of au animal fera natures, in which no property Could subsist. lu the case of ** The Queen v. Cox" {Carrington and Payne, 494) «be Court held that an indictment charging the defen dant with stealing eggs, without describing of what kind they were, was bad« They might have been crocodile's or adder's eggs, and con sequently of the class of ferce nature which could not be property. He submitted that Ibo ! present was a case in point. The Chief Baron.-Does it follow that be í cause panthers are fera naturte, a person may i steal a valuable panther's skin or a skeleton from a museum ? Mr Henniker-In that case the uubotineni would allege that it was so stolen. Mr Justice Pattesort could not undetBtasd the objection. It might have been the barn of a bear, an animal of the class feranatwree, and property nevertheless. Mr Henniker suggested that the same ob jection would apply to the case of the eggs. Mr Baron Platt.-Suppose some epicures should fancy the hams of foxes or rats, and that they should cometo be sold in Bond-street, would these not be property ? Mr Henrûker.-The case of the ** Queen v. Cox*' is explicit on the point. It was not lar ceny to steal a dog until a ¿recent statute iras passed. Mr Baron Platt-Tes ; but if a dog lad been converted into a pie, would it not have been larceny to take the pie? (laughter.) Mr Henniker.-As far as regards an animal of the class' fertè natura, it must, be -shown in the indictment that it is not so. ^ À count for stealing "a duck," without steting what kind of duck, would be bad. Mr Justice Pattesou*-That applies only to live animais.. Mr Henniker.-Jn the case of "The Queen v.Cot," the indictment simply charged tbs prisoner with stealing " eggs. It was «bown that they were peacocks* eggs (uughter). The Chief Baron.-Guinea fowL No point seems to have been reserved. The case is very shortly reported. Mr Justice Patteson,--Do you find in natu ral history any live animal called a Äbam?** (laughter). ^ Mr Henniker.-No, my lord; butin 1 Hala it is set down that there are certain annuals of the class feto nature*, to take which is not larceny. The Chief Baron.-Might not the act of cut ting up and preserving such an animal consti tute it propërty? A Mr Henniker.-It does net follow that the animal of which the ham was a portion bad been killed and preserved hy tba prose cutor ? - - - The Chief Baron.-We all think that the* can be no doubt whatever that the conviction was perfectly right. ' ' The conviction was aècordmgly aouMoui 