. Worthy of Remembrance. \- Few. sigliti nre more saddening thin that of a'cuing .spir it struggling, in vain against ov<r whelmlng obstacles-unliocded, unassisted, with- out fiiehdsV without position, and'without ad- visers.'' But this sight, though sad to the casual tjptclator,'lias another ns peet to him who looks deeper. Underneath those thwarted hopes, that wild ambition, there breathes a free spirit ot energetic action ; and this activity ls a fountain of delight, as activity always is. Wo who see the struggling'boy', and calmly measure the Imi . mrnsity of the barriers which shut him from success-we may deem him uuhappy, because we foresto that he will be so. But we do not feel . tlie raptures of lils reveries, the delight in crea- tion, the transports of ? anticipated success - .transports more vividly felt at that period when criticism has not detected weakness, when expe- rience has. not chilled flushed confidence with, its -cold misgivings. The tect of years fall noiseless ; we bred, we no to them not, till tracking the same course we passed long since, wo are startled to find how deep the Impression they Irave behind. To it ivlsit tho scene« of our youth is to commune willi ¡the ghost of ourselves. ' Exaggeration ia not only one form of false .hood, it is one of Its worst forms, since the .swollon and contagious body gains admission by .walking In upon healthy legs. Mah should labour zealously for the commu .nlty, strenuously for their friends, and suffi- ciently for themselves. Cicero was distinguished from almost all great men of whom we know much, hy one negative virtue, so rare, that human natuie blushes willi« il ls announced-he lind no enemy I , Sorrows are the pulsea of spiritual.life | after each beat we pause, only that we may gather] Strength for the next, '?' The truest hw is the truest benevolence ) It '.acquires un infinite patience out or tho very ex- cess of its guttering, and ls content to merge Its 'egotism in the Iden or the belovrd object. Hr .that does not know this, does not know what . love is, whatever he may know of passion. .. True merit, like the "IÍRII! of lim glow-worm, , shines conspicuous to all except the object which .emits lu . To taise, and thru to disappoint reasonable , expectations, is it drgreo of cruelty which no ' Ulm« of indignation ran sufficiently reprobate. One of the evils of lg HOI ance ii, dist we oitrn sin and suffer tho punishment without being , aware that we are sinning, mid that il ls In our . power to escape tho sufleiing by avoiding the .tn. Ther« la a shyness, tho offspring of refined sensibility, which is often mistaken for pride ; and there ls a forward and designing familiarity .which frequently wins the applause pf those who Jbccvtiis its destined victims, . 