THE NEW YORK MIRACLES. [From an Auburn Correspondent of the Boston Chronotype] It is asserted that a sound of knocking or rap- ping is every now and then heard in the rooms of many houses—heard alike by the regular inmates and or visitors or perfect strangers and sometimes even in the open air and in the open country, and in answer to questions ! "At the risk," writes the correspondent, "of exciting the wonder of those who are continually looking for supenatural things if they do not understand them, I will state that not only do we get the rapping in answer to questions, but other very singular manifestations, showing that there is, absolutely a power in some- thing which is invisible to us, and that that power has a will to direct. Even the rapping is a suffi cient- proof of both, power and will, for no sound could be produced without a vibration of the at moapherc. And it could not sound ia different places at the request of persons unless there was a directing will. But there are plainer proofs than this : I hRVe. boen witness, many times, to the moving of tables, chairs, See, at (he request and without the request of persons present. I have been investigating with others, making every effort to detect any deception, or any visible cause for what was occurring, and have seen a table move some distance on the floor and then back again to the 'place from whence it started. At other times the table would adhere to the floor as if a great weight was upon it, and a person would have to lift very strong to raise it from the floor on one aide, so that it would tip to an angle of Jorty-fite degrees, and there remain while persona would bear heavily upon it without bringing it to the floor. While in this situation you might feel, by la) ing jour hands upon it, a peculiar tremulous motion, at times resembling the action of a very gentle galvanic battery.. In fact, there is much to remind one of something of the galvanic or the electric kind in the whole affair, for often where the* rapping is heard, however light, there is a tremulous electric jar felt in the room. I know I may be told of the 'extreme liability of the senses to illusion;' that all present were deceived, or that some adroit person was deceiving the others; but I would simply atate that, with all due defer ence to those who have been often duped them selves, or are in the habit of deceiving others, there are too many witnesses, and the test has been too well applied, to make any of the observers ob noxious to such a charge. There is a class who are inclined to run into a wild frengy of supersti tion. I have Been some of this class undertake the investigation, but they either receive it with great-eyed wonder, and believe everything infallibly correct that the; hear, or they denounce those who have undertaken to teach them something as being 'in league with the devil,' and, being driven to a point, declare that they believe that it really is spirits, but evil and only evil ones that communi cate. Another atrong argument in favour of the devilish theory with them is, that it is heard by so many 'infidels' and men out the pale of ortho. doxy. Another correspondent of the same papei cites John Wesley's account of similar knockiogi and ooUe* heard by members of his family. [Prom the Sptclator, December 22.] ' Can iucd things -r, ? * ? ? . ? Without out ?peciil wonder ?' Spirits arc reported to have manifested them' selves in the state of New York, with a rapid in' crease of that invisible population. In its present aspect, the case is a sort of multiplication of the Cock-lane Ghoat ; but it is remarkable for its du- ration, its wide geographical distribution, and iti connexion with the questionable facts of mesmer ism. The manifestations began, about two yean ago, in ' a house' of ' Western New York,' and in the shape of ' a simple hollow rapping,' which could be traced to no visible, rapper. The neighbours assembled sometimes to the number of three hundred ; searched from garret to cellar, investigated, and finally listened in passive wouder. The invisible rapper was found to be significant in the noises, and also a responsible being, inasmuch as answers were given to questions : the ages oi children were counted correctly, in raps ; a child who snapped her fingers thrice was answered by three raps ; and it was soon discovered that raps is reply to questions bore an affirmative meaning. But the rapper proved a scholar apt at the horn, book:— ? M The question wa3 put, ' Are you a spirit ?' The answer was by rapping — three raps. By this means, they found that it purported to be the spirit of a man Many expedients were resorted to by which to find out the name of the man whose spirit was making thest manifestations. At length a stranger asked, ' If 1 will chII the alphabet, beginning with A, will you ra[ when I come to the first letter of his name ?' The an swer was affirmative. He then commenced, 'A, B, C : when he came to C there was a rap. Again he went on, and it rapped at H ; and in that way he spelled oui the name of ' Charles Rasiae.' As before stated, thes- Bounds have from time to time been heard in various families in that place, and the cities of Auburn and Rochester, and various places in the country. Althongr confined to this rapping sound, the mode of communi cation has gradually improved, so that many very eu rious and astonishing sentences have been spelled bj the use of the alphabet. It no longer purports to 1m the spirit of one man or person; but when an indi vidual makes the enquiry, 'Who is it that wished U communicate with me?' they will generally get tin name of some friend or relative— a mother, father sister, or brother, who has passed from visible exist ence. Many persons have made the trial, and hav- had names spelled out to them of their friends, un known to any persons present, Strangers have triec the experiment, and had their names spelled ou before any person present knew it, or where they cami from. MIn each family where the sounds appear, then seems to be some one or two whose presence is neces aary to insure communications freely* Generally, w- find that these persona are susceptible to magnetic in fluences and. clairvoyant,, although we have heard i where there were none that had ever been magnetise! er were known to be clairvoyant.' .? About a year ago, this new sect of Rappites be came known to the editor of the New York Tri fate, a.Fourieriat journal ; and the journalist wai reduced to a state of provisional belief of the ge luuinentM ol what he witnessed, until it should b- contradicted. Early in November last, he re. 'ceived a message that the manifestations must b- made more public ; and the editor very obliging]] placed himself at the disposal of the invisibli correspondent, under whose 'directions' a publii lecture on the manifestations was delivered in tfa« /Corinthian Hall of Rochester, on the 14th of No vember; a committee was appointed, and nexi evening the committee made a report on the af ?fair.- To the questions of this committee, it seems the answers ' were not altogether right, nor alto -'gather wrong ;' so that the new Kappites are no .altogether infallible. Another committee was ap. pointed, including two physicians and two Honor i»blesv-t»h» invested, the manifestations in the office of Chancellor Whittesley; then a third committee entirely composed of 'sceptics;' also, a com mittea of Indies— as thew always appear to be ladies involved in th 2 manifestations. 'The ladies of the. haunted houses were 'disrobed,' stood upon glass, tied, placed under the stethoscope to secure that the sounds should not be vocal, and. held by the hand; still the Rappites rapped. A vibration or 'jarring' was felt on the floor and throughout the rostra, during the raps; and ques tions asked openly, on paper, or even ' meutally,' were duly answered : — '? Thus the matter stands at present ? ani whether it is only a remarkable phenomenon {sic] which will pass away with the present generation, or with the persons who seem now to be the medium of this extraordinary communication, or whether it be the commencement of anew era of spiritual influx into the world, it is certainly something worthy the attention of men of candour and philosophy. 'E. W. Capros, Auburn. 'George Willets, Rochester.** Something of course there is in these signs ; but what? Conjecture makes many alternative an a-.vera to that question. It .may be a juggle ; and if so, it is remarkable among juggles for its ex tensive spread over the soil of the Empire State, and for the numbers publicly juggled. As to the numbers and respectability of dupes, precedents might be found ; but the geographical extension seems to be new.. It may be a new natural phe. nomeuon— such as a new function discovered by persona in a mesmerized state, who are conspiring to keep it unknown. It may be a newlyestab lished or newly-revived communication from some kind of creature imperfectly cognizable to our sense, as » human being must be 'to a sightless worm. Or — it may be a real manifestation of 'spirits.' The last possibility is suggested by an innate feeling in the human mind to presume the exist ence of supernatural beings. In one sense, super natural creatures there cannot be, since all must conform to the supreme laws which rule the uni verse. In another sense, supernaturalism is iden tical with the proposition that creatures exist of which human senses are not cognisant ; a proba bility established by the progress of science, which continually discloses to us th- ng« partially cogni zable, and some wholly unknown previously; while the nature of other things— such as the ' inpon* derables' — is very problematical. Whatever crea tures manifest themselves, we may always assume that they are our /? llow.creatures, in the sense of being subject to the Universal God. But that these sounds should be emitted by any order ot 'superior' beings is unlikely on the face of the evidence : it is also likely that they should be alien from humanity. Some traits will be ob served in the narrative common to all such affairs. The ' spirits' deal unhesitatingly with {things not belonging to nature at large, or the spiritual world at large, but artificially contrived by humanity — they dodge about closets and cupboards, they are intimate with human usages, they have learned not only the human but the Anglo-Saxon alphabet, and can spell. A good deal of humanity in all this, not more than might be shown by a very foolish imposter. The second trait is the tendency of the supernatural visitants to deal exclusively with ttivialities and puerilities— startling women and children with raps, spelling names, and counting the ages of children correctly. Now, before it can be exposed that any higher order of beings would stoop to such triflings, we must alter our whole ideas of what is superior and inferior. If these Rappites are spirits, they appear to be spirits of a very juvenile understanding, and quite infe rior to the average of manhood; if thsy are ghosts, then the ghostly condition is one of degradation — as a mathematician might say, it is dotage pro duced. However, it is impossible to repel a cu riosity to learn the issue of the manifestations which thus hold our brethren of New Yoik in wondering amazement. 