THE AMUSEMENTS OF THE PEOPLE. (From Dickens' "Household Words.") M?r. Whelks being much in the habit ofrecreating himself at a class of theatres called " Saloons," we repaired to one of these, not long ago, on a Monday evening; Monday being a great holiday-night with Mr. Whelks and his friends. The Saloon in question is the largest in London (that which is known as the Eagle in the City Road, should be expected from the generic term, as not * presenting hy any means the same class of entertain ment), and is situated not far from Shoreditch Church. It announces "The People's Theatre," as its second name. The prices of admission are, to the boxes, a shilling; to the pit, sixpence; to the lower gallery, fourpence; to the upper gallery and back seats, threepence. There is no half-price. The opening piece on this occasion was described in the bills as " the greatest hit of the season, the grand new legendary and traditionary drama, combining supernatural agencies with historical facts, and identifying extraordinary superhuman causes with material, terrific, and powerful effects." One would have almost snpposed that all the Queen's horses, and all the Queen's men could not have drawn Mr. Whelks into a place like this description. Strengthened by lithographic representations of the principal superhuman causes, combined with the most popular of the material, terrific, and powerful effects, it became irresistible. Consequently we had already failed, once, in finding six square inches of room within the walls, to stand upon ; and when we now paid our money for a little stage box, like a dry showerba.th, we did so in the midst of a stream of people who persisted in paying theirs for other parts of the house in despite of the representations of the money-taker that it was " very full, everywhere." The outer avenues and passages of the People's Theatre bore abundant testimony to the fact of its being frequented by very dirty people. Within, the Satmosphere was fir from odoriferous. The place was crammed to excess, in all parts. Among the audience were a large number of boys and youths, 'and a great many very young girls grown into bold women before they had well ceased to be children. These last were the worst features of the whole crowd, and were more prominent there than in any other sort of public assembly that we know of, except at a public execution. There was no drink supplied, beyond the contents of the porter-can (magnified in its dimensions, perhaps), which may be .usually seen traversing the galleries of the largest theatres as well as the least, and which was here seen everywhere. Huge ham- sandwiches, piled on trays like deals in a timber-yard, were handed about for sale to the hungry; and there was no stint of oranges, cakes, brandy-balls, or other similar refreshments. The theatre was capacious, with a very large capable stage, well lighted, well appointed, and managed mn a business-like orderly manner in all respects; the performances had begun so early as a quarter past six, and had been then in progress for three-quarters of an hour. It was apparent here as in the theatre we had previously visited, that one of the reasons of its great attraction was its being directly addressed to the • common people, in the provision made for their seeing and hearing. Instead of being put away in a dark gap in the roof of an immense building as in our once National Theatres, they were here in possession of eligible points of view, and thoroughly able to partake in the whole performance. Instead of being at a great disadvantage in comparison with the audience, they were here the audience, for whoso accommodation the place was made. We believe this to be one great cause of the success of these specula tions. In whatever way the common people are ad dressed, whether in churches, chapels, schools, lecture rooms, or theatres, to be successfully addressed they must be directly appealed to. No matter how good the feast, they will not come to it on mere sufferance. It, on looking round us, we find that the only things plainly and personally addressed to them from quack medicines upwards, be bad or very defective things,-so much the worse for them and for all of us, and so much the more unjust and absurd the system which has haughtily abandoned a strong ground to such ocoupation. We will add that we believe these people have a right to be amused. A great deal that we consider to be unreasonable, is written and talked about not licensing these places of entertainment. We have already intimated tdat we believe a love of dramatic epresentations to be an inherent irinciple in human nature. In most conditions of human life of -which we have any knowledge, from the Greeks to the Bosjesmen, some form of dramatic representation has always obtained." We have a vast respect for country magistrates, and for the lord chamberlain; but we render the greater deference to such extensive and immutable experience, and think it will outlive the whole existing court and commission. We would assuredly not bear harder on the fourpenny theatre, than on the four shilling theatre, or the four guinea theatre; but we would decidedly interpose to turn to some wholesome account the means of instruction which it has at command, and we would make that oflice.of Dramatic Licenser, which like many other offices, has become a mere piece of Court favour and dandy conventionality, a real, responsible, educa tional trust. We would have it exercise a sound supervision over the lower drama, instead of stopping the career of a real work of art, as it did in the case of Mr. Chotley's play at the Surrey Theatre, but a few weeks since, for a sickly point of form. To return to Mr. Whelks. The audience being able to see and hear, were very attentive. They were so closely packed, that they took a little time in settling down after any pause ; but otherwise the general disposition was to lose nothing, and to check (in no choice language) any disturber of the business of the scene. On our arrival, Mr. Whelks had already followed Ladv Hatton the heroine (whom we faintly recognised as a mutilated theme of the late Thomas Ingolbsbv) to the 'Gloomy Dell and Suicide's Tree,' where Lady H. had encountered the ' apparition of the dark man of doom,' and heard the ' fearful story of the Suicide.' She had also 'signed the compact in her own blood,' beheld 'the Tombs rent asunder;' seen 'skeletons start from their graves, and gibber mine, mine for ever !' and undergone all these little experiences (each set forth in a separate line in the bill) in the compass of one act. Itwas not yet over, indeed, for we found a remote king of England of the name of ' Enerry,' refreshing himself with the spectacle of a dance in a Garden, which was inter rupted by the 'thrilling appearance of the Demon.' This 'superhuman cause,' (with black eye-brows slanting up into his temples, and red-foilcheekbones) brought the drop-curtain down as we took possessilu of our shower-bath. It seemed, on the curtain's going up again, that Lady Hatton had sold herself to the Powers of Dark ness, on very high terms, and was now overtaken by remorse, and by jealousy too; the latter passion be ing excited by the beautiful Lady Rodolpha, ward to the king. It was to urge Lady Hutton on to the murder of his young female (as well as we could make out, but both we and Mr. Whelks found the incidents complicated) that the Demon appeared 'once again in all his terrors.' Lady Hatton had been leading a life of picty, but the Demon was not to have his bargain declared off, in right of any such artifices, and now offered a dagger for the destruc. tion of Rodolpha. LadyfHatton hesitating to accept this trifle from Tartarus, the Demon, for certain sub tle reasons of his own, proceeded to entertain her with a view of the 'gloomy court-yard of a convent,' and the apparitions of the ' Skeleton Monk,' and the 'King of Terrors.' Against these superhuman causes another superhuman cause, to wit, the ghost of Lady II.'s mother, came into play, and greatly confounded the Powers of darkness, by waving the ' sacred emblem' over the head of the else devoted Rodolpha, and causing her to sink into the earth. Upon this the Demon, losing his temper, fiercely in I vited Ladv Hatton to 'Behold the tortures of the damned !' and straightway conveyed her to a 'grand and awfiul view of Pandmonium, and Lake of Trans parent Rolling Fire,' whereof, and also of ' Prome thcus chained, and the Vulture gnawing at his liver,' Mr. Whelks was exceedingly derisive. The Demon still failing, evehi there, and still find ing the ghost of the old tady greatly in his way, ex claimed that these vexations had such a remarkable effect upon his spirit as to 'sear his eyeballs,' and that he must go 'deeper down,' which he accordingly did. Hereupon it appeared that it was all a dream on Lady Hatton's part, and that she was newly mar ried and uncommonly happy. This put an end to the incongruous heap of nonsense, and set Mir. Whelks applauding mightily; for, except with the lake of transparent rolling fire (which was not half infernal enough for him), Mr Whelks was infinitely contented with the whole of the proceedings. Ten thousand people, every week, all the year round, are estimated to attend this place of amuse ment. If it were closed to morrow-if there were fifty such, and they were all closed to-morrow-the only result would be to cause that to be privately and evasively done, which is now publicly done; to render the harm of it much greater, and to exhibit the suppressive power of the law in an oppressive and partial light. The people who now resort here, will be amused somewhere. It is of no use to blink that fact, or to make pretences to the contrary. We had far better apply ourselves to improving the clharacter of their amusement. We had far better apply ourselves to improving the character of their amusement. It would not be exacting much, or ex acting anything very difficult, to require that the pieces represented in these theatres should have, at least, a good, plain, healthy purpose in them. To the end that our experiences might not be supposed to be partial or unfortunate, we went, the very next night to the Theatre, where we saw " May Morningr," and found Mr. Whelks engaged in the study of an 'Original Old English Domestic and Romantic Drama,' called "Eva the B3etrayed; or the Ladye of Lambythe." We proceed to dlevelop the incidients which gradually unfold thomsolves to Mr. Whelks' under'stnd dinh. One Geoffrey Thornlov the younger, on a certain fine morning married his father's ward, Eva the Be trayed, the Ladye of Lambythe. She had become the betrayed, in right-or in wrong-of designing Geoffliey's machinations ; for that corrupt individual, knowing her to be under promise of marriage, Walter More, a young mariner (of whom he was accustomed to make slight mention, as " a minion") represented the said More to be no more, and obtained the con sent of the too trusting Eva to the immediate union. Now, it came to pass, by a singular coincidence, that on the identical morning of the marriage, More came home, and was taking a walk about the scenes of his boyhood-a little faded since that time-when he rescued "Wilbert the Hunchback" from some very rough treatment. This misguided person, in return, immediately fell to abusing his preserver in round terms, giving him to understand that he (the preserved) hated "manner-kind, wither two ecker ceptions," one of them being the deceiving Geoffrey, whose retainer he was, and for whom he felt an un conquerable attachment; the other, a relative, whom in a similar redundancy of emphasis, adapted to the requirements of Mr. Whelks, he called his assister. This misanthrope also made the the cold- blooded declaration, 'There was a timer when I loved my fellow keretures till they deserpised me. Now I live only to witness man's diserghrace and woman's misery!' In furtherance of this amiable purpose of existence, he directed More to where the bridal pro cession was coming home from the church, and Eva recognised More, and More reproached Eva, and there was a great to-do, and a violent struggling, beibre certain social villagers who were celebrating the event with morris dances. Eva was borne off in a tearing condition, and the bill very truly observed that the end of that part of the business was "des pair and madness." Geoffrey, Geoffiey, why were you already married to another! Why could you not be true to your lawful wife Katherine, instead of deserting her, and leaving her to come tumbling into public-houses (oni account of weakness) in search of youn! You might have known what it would end in, Geoffrey Thorn ley ! You might have known that she would come up to your house on your wedding day with her marriage-certificate in her pocket, determined to expose you. You might have known beforehand, as you now very composedly observe, that you would have " but one course to pursue." That course clearly is to wind your right hand in Katherine's long hair, wrestle with her, stab her, throw down the body behind the door, (cheers from Mr. Whelks), and tell the devoted Hunchback to get rid of it. On the devoted Hunchback's finding that it is the body of his "assister," and taking her marriage-cer tificate from her pocket and denouncing you, of course you have still but one course to pursue, and and that is to charge the crime upon him, and have him carried off with all speed into the " deep and massive dungeons beneath Thornley Hall." More having, as he was rather given to boast, "a goodly vessel on the lordly Thames," had better have gone away with it, weather permitting, than gone after Eva. Naturally, he got carried down to the dungeons too, for lurking about, and got put into the next dungeon to the Hunchback, ten ex piring from poison. And there they were, hard and fast, like two wild beasts in dens, trying to get glimpses of each other through the bars, to the un utterable interest of Mr. Whelks. But when the Hunchback made himself known, and when Mr. More did the same; and when the Hunchbock said he had got the certificate which rendered Eva's marriage illegal; and when More raved to have it given to him, and when the Hunch back (as having some grains of misanthropy in him to the last) persisted in going intohis dying agonies in a remote corner of his cage, and took unheard-of trouble not to die anywhere near the bars that were within More's reach; Mr. Whelks applauded to the echo. At last the Hunchback was persuaded to stick the certificate on the point of a dagger, and hand it in; and that done, died extremely hard, knocking himself violently about, to the very last gasp, and certainly making the most of all the life that was in him. Still, More had yet to get out of his den before he could turn his certificate to any account. His first step was to make such a violent uproar as to bring into his presence a certain Norman Free Lance, who kept watch and ward over him. His second to in form this warrior, in the, style of the polite letter writer, that "circumstances had occurred" render ing it necessary that he should be immediately let out. The warrior declining to submit himself to the force of these circumstances, Mr. More proposed to him, as a gentleman and a man of honour, to allow him to step out into the gallery, and there adjust an old feud subsisting between them, by single combat. The unwary Free Lance, consenting to this reason able proposal, was shot from behind by the comic man, whom lie bitterly designated as " a snipe" for that action, and then died exceedingly game. All this occurred in one day-the bridal day of the Ladye of Lambynthe; and now Mr. Whelks con centrated all his energies into a focus, bent forward, looked straight in front of him, and held his breath. F'or, the night of the eventful day being come, Mr. Whelks was admitted to the " bridal chamber of the Ladye of Lambythe,' where he beheld a toilet table, and a particularly large and desolate four-post bed stead. Here the Ladye, having dismissed her bridesmaids, was interrupted in deploring her un happy fate, by the entrance of her husband; aind matters, under these circnmstances, were proceeding to very desperate extremities, when the Ladye (by this time aware of the existence of the certificate), found a dagger on the dressing table, and said, "at tempt to enfold me in thy pernicious embrace, and this poignard- !" &e.; He did attempt it, however, for all that, and he and the Ladye were dragging one another about like wrestlers, when Mr. More broke open the door, and entering with the whole domestic establishment and a Middlesex magistrate, took him into custody, and claimed his bride. It is but fair to Mr. Whelks to remark on one. curious fact in this entertainment. When the situ ations were very strong indeed, they were very like what some favourite situations in the Italian Opera would be to a profoundly deaf spectator. The des pair and madness at the enud of the first act, the business of the long hair, and the struggle in the bridal chamber, were as like the conventional pas sion of the Italian singers, as the orchestra was un like the opera band, or its ' hurries' unlike the music of the great composers. So do extremes meet ; and so is there some hopeful congeniality between what will excite Mr. Whelks, and what will rouse a Duchess. o In the remote interior of Africa, and among the North American Indians, this truth is exemplified in an equally striking manner. Who that saw thefour grim, stunted, abject Bush-people at the Egyptian Hall-with two natural actors among that number, one a male and the other a female-can forget how something human and imaginative gradually broke out in the little ugly man, when he was roused from crouching over the charcoal fire, into giving a dramatic representation of the tracking of a beast, the shooting of it with poisoned arrows, and the creature's death? 