from British rule in India; but we should like to be informed what they are, or wherein they consist. Benefits no doubt have resulted of s very substantial kind to Britain and to British grandees ; but any partial go%-d that may have redounded to the native population has been more than counterbalanced by their general misery and prostration. To suppose that their condition has been bettered by the domination of a superior race is a fallacy, which has been completely exposed in a letter of Mr Lewin (for several years a Judge in the Company's Supreme Court of Madras) to Rungo Bapojee, agent for the exiled Rajah of Sattarah, as published by us in ertento on Monday. In this letter the author, contrasting the condition of India under its native princes with that which is presented under British rule, observes: — If we compare the result! of our own Government in India with, thoie of the Government which it sup planted, we speedily come to the conclusion which ia entitled to be called the good, which the evil, tree. When we planted ourselves in India the country teemed with riches and contentment — it -was ' the land flowing with milk and honey.' What is its pre sent condition? Poverty and discontent universally diffused — its rulers hated from Cape Oomorin to the extremity of our empire— the revenues exhausted'— the ancient and splendid monuments of the past Govern ment in a state of dilapidation and decay — a total ab . sence of the means of improvement, with no other remedy capable of being suggested than a poll-tax. 'They who'd be free themselves mast strike tbe blow.'* Heretofore the nativos of India have been the milch oow of England, and they will continue to be so uutil ' themselves will it to be otherwise. We are firmly persuaded that the worst na tive government is better for the people of any country than the best foreign/ and the case of India just adduced fully confirms that opinion. But it may be isked, How is this latter case applicable to us, who are neither natives of, nor resident in India, and who are not dominated over by a superior race ? We conceive there is a very strong analogy subsisting between the case adduced and that of every bureaucratic colony; and that the distinction is rather in name and degree than in fact. As in India, so here, we have an official class, which exclu sively governs, but does not settle, and which regards the colonists as a race fit only to be governed by a superior one ; and who, after having enriched themselves at the colony's expense, will, as a similar class do in India, transport their wealth to that centralizing focus the British metropolis, which, *' like the barren womb, cries give, give, and is never satisfied.' That we have not formed an ex aggerated estimate ot the official domination referred to, or one in which even candid Englishmen will not coincide, will be apparent from the following extract from Wakefield's recent work on colonial administration, by far the most able yet published : — There is one point on which the officials of a bureau cratic colony never differ ; one respect in which they hold together as tenaciously as the best-cemented family compact. They agree in thinking that colonists or set tlers, people who come out all that way to improve their ' condition by their own exertions, are an inferior order of beings; and they stick: close together in resisting all attempts on the part of settlers to become officials ; to get a share in governing the colony. ? They arrive in the colony as utter strangers to it, and in order to exercise the power of governing it: they are, in their own estimation and in that of a good many of the humbler c lonists, a sort of demi-gods, coming from another planet, and gifted by some distant and mysterious authority with the right of governing the settlers. Their dignity -would suffer if they became settlers ; if they associated ?with the settlers, except on the most unequal terms, or sympathized with them in any way. Like the caste of Brahmins, they hold themselves apart from the rest of the community and immeasurably superior to it ; or rather (for this is a truer comparison) they do not belong to the community at all, bat resemble the official class in British India, which exclusively governs, bat does not settle, and which regards the natives aa a race only fit to be governed by a superior race. For natives, read settlers when a bureaucratic colony is in view. Who but the veriest sycophant to impe rialism will not admit that all this is true to the very letter. Mr Wakefield might have 'added, that not only is native talent systema tically overlooked, but mere protracted resi dence in the colonies, and identification of interests with them, effectually operate as a bar to the promotion of any official who has contracted such disabilities. We know not how long these invidious distinctions are to be sustained ; nor can we conceive, now that free trade has been established, and the colony is self-supporting, any natural, moral, or other fitness in our providing salaries for officers nominated by an extern authority. Were we ; indeed a conquered dependency, we might dis cover a rationale in the procedure, amounting to the exaction of a tribute as an admission of ?vassalage ; but the proceeds of the Crown lands having been resigned for the exclusive uses of the respective colonies, no such subter fuge can be pretended in vindication of the practice. Obviously, it is a remnant of the old obsolete colonial system, and must be speedily abolished. The length to which this article has run precludes any further remarks. Meanwhile we conjure the colonists never to rest satisfied till they obtain the most perfect and absolute control of all their affairs, as that which can alone produce a healthy pros perity, and ensure its perpetuation. BRITISH RULE AT HOME AND ABROAD If one consider the chaotic elements whence have sprung the monarchical Governments of Furope, it will not be matter of surprise that thev should present a heterogeneous asDect. devoid of system, enlivened by no distinct prin ciples of justice or of truth. .After all, what is the British constitution itself but ' a bundle of usages ;' a tesselated pavement of the most composite patchwork ; an aggregation of rights and privileges of antagonistic orders, extorted at intervals, according as each element was in the ascendant ; an entity which only coheres by the prestige of antiquity and the forbearance of its several parts, and whose best features derive their origin from revolutionary violence. Having such a parentage, its institutions being the result of emergencies which have arisen at interval, rather than of a well matured adap tation to the general and universal character of man, it is not to be wondered at if, with the progressive development of society, and the abolition of distinctions, having no foundation in justice, that constitution should be rapidly becoming obsolete, and should be declined as unsuitable by every community not clogged by an artificial society. Objectionable, however, as is the British constitution abstractedly, and considered in reference to the advanced spirit of the present age, it was infinitely superior to the contemporary constitutions. of Europe, in that it admitted of some degree of popular control. In that fact, and iu the extent to which it prevailed, consisted its superiority. We hold it an infallible political axiom that, paribus ceeieris, the prosperity of every nation will be proportionate to the control it ex ercises over its own affairs ; and this rule holds not only in regard of the extern influence ex ercised on independent nations by their com peers, but in respect of the internal control exercised by the peoples of such nations on their governments respectively. To England's isolation from foreign influence, except in so far as she was pleased herself to admit it (a re suit of the insularity of her situation), and consequent ability to pursue a career exclu sively devoted to her own aggrandizement, much of her present power and greatness is attributable, but still more to the compara tively popular character of her institutions. With eveiy increase of popular control there has been a corresponding national develop ment. The presumption is, therefore, that such control has only to be still further aug mented to insure still greater development, and still more magnificent results. And here we cannot but observe, to use a vulgar proverb, ' What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.'— What is good for England must, a fortiori, be good for her provinces, her de pendencies, and her colonies. If England, with her boundless resources, natural, and spoiled from every quarter of the globe, mainly owes her greatness to the fact that her in terests are consulted for by a comparatively free and independent constitution, and by the vigilance of a domestic superintendent Parlia ment, then for a much stronger reason must similar institutions be beneficial for Scotland, for Ireland, for the Cape, for these colonies Nor will it at all detract from the force of this reasoning to affirm that the peoples of the countries mentioned are inferior populations which cannot be trusted with self-government. On the contrary, that is the very reason why they should be entrusted therewith, as their only shield against the machinations of the presumed superior popu'ation. For, obviously, if the superior population become bodily pos sessed of the government, it requires no ghost from the grave to inform us for whose interests it will be administered. Who cannot see that, under the specious pretence of promoting im perial interests, native interests in both Ire land and Scotland have been all along subor dinated to those of England ; those countries, mill they or nill tJtey, being obliged to adopt her policy, irrespective of their own proper inclinations. In every matter the proprius mptus has come from England, not from Scotland or Ireland. We are not questioning now the justice or political expediency of this absorption of national individuality; we are merely stating tbe fact. Sure we are, however, that, though the two countries referred to may, from the force of habit, or from any other circumstance, quietly acquiesce in this humilia tion; these colonies will never consent to be the mere satellites of England. They have a higher and a more glorious aspiration. ' They rejoice as a s'rong man, and as a giant refreshed with wine to run their race,' and to accom plish their mission amongst the nations. We have said that the fact of a people being an inferior population is no argument for a deprivation or withholding of national inde pendence—such an independence as allows the people of a country, as distinguished from aliens and foreigners, to have perfect control over its affair; and have only to point to India to find .a perfect corroboration of this assertion. Much has been said of the benefits accruing 