SEOOND BAT. The first race of this day was the Ladies' Purse, being restricted to gentlemen riders. A good deal of delay was occasioned, owing to a dispute as to whether Mr Wm. Malcolm was qualified, which was finally decided against him by the Stewards; it was very late when the bell rang for saddling, but such clouds of dust were blowing, or rather rolling over the course, that it would have been almost au impossibility to have ridden round, with a chance of keeping it, before the time that they actually did start. Four horses came to the scratch (Lucifer being drawn , but after the start little could be seen of them till they passed the winning-post, as if in a fog. Brenda got the day, but Lady Young took off the first heat, and that at a rattling pace and by some lengths. The lad who rides her has not yet had experience enough, and takes too much out of his horse; nor does he understand the 4 finish;' but he rode well, and no doubt will improve. Brenda seemed hardly to understand having list on her back to gallop with, but she woke up after the first heat, and soon showed herself as her rider Mr G. Fisher did himself, all there. Wee Pet found her company too much for her, but she is a long way from a bad one. Albert was nowhere, and the less said about it the better. Five guineas entrance, with 40 sovereigns added. Heats, once round and a distance. The winner oi the Town Plate to carry 10'b. extra. Gentlemen riders. Two years old to carry 7st 7ib., three, 8st 3!bs.; four, 9st 71b.; five, lOst 41b. ; six aud aged, list Mares and geldings allowed 81b.:— Brenda—Mr.G. Fisher - - 0 1 1 Lady Young—Mr Wilson -: 1 3 2 Wee Pet—Mr H. Fisher - - 3 2 3 Albert—Mr Archer - - - 0 dr. COFFIN'S COT, which may be called the Welter Stakes, brought forward three as well matched weight carries as it would be possible to find ; nor need three better riders ever have the honor of contesting the rival merits of themselves and horses. Much interest was created in this race, on account of the old disputed match between Highflyer aud Billy-bo-beep, and Muley's reputation found him some few backers at odds. At the start, Muley ^and Billy-bo-peep went off at a racing pace, Highflyer waiting on them till rounding the course.- On reaching ,the distance, ail three lay close together, sometimes one head and sometimes another showing in front, the pace being tremendous, and each rider going to work at his horse with might and main. Shouts of delight rung from the assembled crowds when it was declared from the stand that it was a dead heat between the three ; and each seemed more confident than ever that his favorite would be the one that would gain the advantage by the occurrence. A similar instance we almost doubt to be on record, as three horses running even; and in good truth it was a sight that was well worth a thousand miles* journey to wituess. Another, however, , of those mischances to which racing, of all pur- •suits, is so liable, put a stop to Billy-bo-peep's starting again, Malcolm having unfortunately dropped some weight before reaching the winning-post, and being therefore disqualified. In the second heat, Muley made the running, Mr Fisher quietly waiting on him but close up, and so they went the whole three miles, Highflyer trying to pass just before reaching the distance, but only barely succeeding, and that with plenty of persuasion. The third time, Mr Fisher made some play, but Muley would not be shook off, sticking to his work in the most gallant manner; and neither Reardon or he bottling up anything for the finish. Neck and seek they came together, either being apparently as good as the other f until, in the final struggle, Mr Fisher managed to land the old favorite, on which he has so often successfully figured, a winner, and a deserving one. Too much praise cannot in justice be given to Mr Reardon for his style of ridiug; his skill as a. flat-racer far surpassing what we should have expected from a cross- country-man. No jockey could have hugged the posts better than he did, that being the only advantage he had ; nor would be give that away, nor let Mr Fisher take it So good a race do we think it, that we should not like to praise either the winning horse or man more than the losing ones. The running stands thus:— Five guineas entrance. Three mile heats, carrying 12 stone each. Highflyer, Mr C. Fisher, dead heat - 1 1 Muley, Mr Reardon ditto - 2 2 Billy- bo-peep, Mr Malcolm, ditto disqualified THE HURDLE RACE was supposed to have been the means of bringing a most superior lot of horses together, and from the closeness with which most of them ran at he late Steeple Chase, it was thought likely to be both a fast and satisfactorily testing race. The result,-we are sorry to say, turned out very differently, the cracks being nowhere, and the so-considered 'best and certain" jumpers banging the rails about, and spilling themselves and riders ail over the place. Dick Turpin went off with the lead at a splitting pace, and veiy nearly came down over the first juuip, giving Nicho'son, howevei, an ugly purler. Kieta h.'t hard but although as good as down, Mr Vansittart kept his seat, and saved himself mast excellently, taking the remaining jumps in very fair style. President also went very badly over, his fore legs knockling right under as he landed ; he very nearly rolled over his rider, Mr Archer, and rather confused him for a short time; but he got on again, and tried him at the second flight, when the horse so dscidcdiy refused that he sat bang down on his. haunches, and Mr Archer wisely gave him up as a bad lob. Emerald, ridden by Mr E. Williams, touched the first and refused the second, but was finally got round. Fidget was in anything but a jumping humour, and a large amount of whip, spur, aud holloaing, with an occasional dash of coaxing, were necessary to get him over the first three leaps—but the fourth he wou'.d not even try at, though Mr Fisher, his jockey, stuck at him with all pluck till the usual time allowed between the heats had expired. Abd-el-Kadtr jumped beautifully, when he did jump, but like most ail the rest, he wanted a deal of making. Malcolm lode him exceedingly well, and indeed he must be undeniably granted to have the best aud most handsome seat on a horse of any man in the colony. Bachelor, ridden by young Mr Keighran, proved himself the most honest jumper of the day, and much deceived those who had made up their minds that he did not stand a ghost of a chance. The second heat was even worse than the first, as far as running went, for ail round the course were to be seen single horses refusing time alter time, even from the fi:>t jamps to the late. Mr Vansittart, on Kieta, who won the first heat in good style, got a nasty tumble^ at the very commencement, and his horse got away; but he was caught again just in time for C. Fisher to get on him and take him rouiid to save his distance, which he did in a very p'.ucky way, holding his extra weight in his hand. At the second leap Emerald came full against the rails, smashing theni right through, aud hurting Mr Williams considerably in the consequeut fall as well as himself. He couid not be got round. Abd-el-Kadir was also late again, Bachelor going round the course most of the way alone, and ridden well over everything. The others not named were distanced and cou!d not start The third and last heat found only three starters, Bachelor, Kieta, and Abd-el-Kadir. Kieta made a mistake at the second flight, or he would have stood a good chance, but the consequence was that Bachelor cantered in an easy winner, and really well deserved it from h:s straightforward going, and the pluck and good riding of Mr Keighran. Three guineas entrance, with 35 sovereigns added. Heats once round, over four hurdles four feet high in each heat. Gentlemen riders. Weight, list. 7«bs.:— Bachelor—Mr Keighran - - 3 1 1 Abd-el-Kader—Mr Malcolm - 2 0 0 Kieta—Mr Vansittart - - 1 0 2 Emerald—Mr Williams Fidgett—Mr J. Fisher Dick Turpin—Mr Nicho'son President—Mr Archer. It was almost dark before the day's sports were finished, and the Beaten Stakes were deferred till this day. The racing will not be much if at all inferior to the former ones. We are glad to say that there were no serious accidents to human beings, but another nice litt'.e horse was killed by a runaway light cart Some incidents of the day and other matters connected with the meeting we are obliged to defer noticing from want of space, but shall give a full account of what we have omitted, aud the remaining sports of the week on Saturday next BREWEKS" CUP.—Messrs Clark and Crawford have intimated to the Jockey Ciub that the brewers oa the races for rieit year vviil provide a cup of One Hundred Guineas, to be run for by horses of all denominations, and to be called the BREWERS' CUP. "This spirited proposal has, with other pleasing matters connected with the sports of the forthcoming year, been duly entered in the minutes of the Club. 