'AN AMERICAN GHOST STORY. ''Tlio Kew York Tribune contain!) n long srnti . merit (signed K. W. Capron, and George Wi ' lets) of occurrences ? enid to liavo happened i ' tlio eily of Rochester, Tröstern -Noir York, wide \- closely resemble tho supposed revelations of tl Cock Lane ghost. Tho'Ticconnt states tba about two years since, sounds consistingof hollow mp.-began to bo heard on tho'floors« '' houses in tho town; nnd to spread gradually froi ' placo to pince. ' It was at length d'scovcrcd:thi those manifestations were Subservient to inte /fgoneo of «orno 'kind,* ns upon a person exctnm inp, "Now count ten," it was dono; "No . count my age,'*'that was dono also. Tho eil . cuinstanco cnuncd immenso excitement, an hundreds of persons carno to tho house in whlc . intelligible answers were first given, and ex unlined it from garret to collar : but, while th sounds continued, no'Oiic discovcrcd'tho opera \- tor. At length - it was discovered that ever \- tiine-n quostion was put that required nu a fill illative, it rap' was heard ; for a - negative, n sound. Tho- question wns- put, " Aro you spirit?" '.Tho answer was by rapping-thre ' raps. 'Hy this timo they found that it purportc to bo tho'spirit of» mnn. . Many expedients wer 'resorted to by which to And out tho nnmo of th \- mau whose 'spirit was milking theso innnifoi-ta tiona. At length a <strniigor- naked, " If 1 wil ? call tho alphabet,-beginning-with A,-will you rn; who'd I como to the first lotter of his-nnmo Î" Tho answer wm'affirmative.'"He- then com nJoiiccU " A.B.C."" When hccainoto C then wasn'rap.' Again Ito went an;-nhd it rapped n Hi hn'd in that way ho spoiled'Out the immo -o ' Charles Rasme. These sounds- «wero' from tba titno heard in various families iriUcchester, nt» 'vtho cities of Auburn and Rochester, nnd vnriou p'nees in-tho country. Although oonflncd ti this rapping Bound, tho mode of communicnlioi rrrndunlly improved, so that many very curiou and astonishing -sentences - were spoiled hy tin Uso of tho nlphnbct.' ' It- no longer purported -tc be tko spirit of ono man or person', 'out when ni individual mado tho inquiry, " who is it thai ? trishes to communicate with mc," they will gone \- rally get tho nnmo of sonic friend or relative . tv mother, father, sister, or brothcr,"who liai . . passed from visiblo existence. . Many -person! 0 -mado tho trial,- nnd lind names spelled out tc 1 thom of their frionds unknown-to any present, ; . Strangers tried tho- experiment,mid had theil ,. names 'spelled out beforo any person present V know- it- or '.wkcro they cntno from. Tho affair vwonkfon, »till attracting increased attention, .ninth" about'two-weeks-boforc tho dato of this report (Novembor 22), tho invisible communi- cator announced > by tho-spelling alphabet de- scribed nhove, it was timo'foi' tho wholo thing to bo minutely investigated, nnd gnvo directions for .this purpose, which wcro followed precisely. In «¿ho first place a lecture was doliverod in tho city, and a full history of thc riso and progress of theeo-manifestations given. During tills rela- tion tho sounds wcro distinctly heard by the persons In tho hall. .After tho- lecture, a com- mittee, composed of four respectable persons was chosen; ?'Thoy pursued their-inquiries through tho medium Of two ladies, whoso correspondence with tho spirit was moro intimato and completa titan that of any other person. On tho following . evening tho committee reported in substance as . follows :-That without the knowlcgc of thc , persons in'whoso presence thc manifestations : uro made, tho committco selected tho Hall of .iho'Sons of Temporáneo for tho investigation -,that tho sound on tho floor near «hero the two ladles stood . wis- heard ns distinctly as nt tho . other places, nnd- Hint port of tho committee ; heard tho-rapping on> tho wall behind them ..that a.uHiuboi' .of-questions wero n sk od which were answered«not altogether right nor altoge- ther wrong-that ui tho afternoon thoy wont to ..tho houso of ri privnto-citizen,and «hilo thora thc .sounds were hoard on tho outside- (apparently ) . oC tho front door, nfter they had- cntored, and on tho door Of A olosrt. Hy placing tho hand-upon tho door, thero-was n sensible jar folt when tho .rapping wa« hoanl. Ono of tho committee placed ?ono bf his hnnds upon tho' feet of tho ladies, and :the other on tho floor, mid though tho foot wero inót moved thero mts a distinct-jar- on tho'floor. »On. tho ptivoinont and on tho ground tho samo .sound was hoard-a hind of doublo rap, ns if a stroko-and-a .rebound were distinguiBhnblo. '"When tito ladles-wcro separated nt n distance no .sound was ' hoard, but .-when a third person-was lintorpôseil between thom tho-Bounds- woro' heard. '(ibo ; taüios «secuiod ready .to.gtvo every oppor ituhity to tho committco to invostlgato tho cauto tíiilly, nnd would -submit .to a thorough investi ¡gatioti by-a. committco of ("adios lt desired. They ,n|l hgroatl that tho sounds wcro hoard, hut they .entirely fnllod to.diioovor nny means by which lit.could ibo .dono. After tthls roport-tho nudl ,enco-selootod another committee, .of whoso ro-¡ jiort wo .cannot giro an abstract, but lt was. entirely fnvournblo to the .reality of tho.extra- ordinary occurrences. In this itistauco a medical, .man obsosvod-with a -stctlioscopo tho breathing' ,of tho Indios,-but found not-tho least diflorenco dn tho action.of '(ho lungs when tho -sounds wore. jriaUo. ' Again, aftor this report, anothor.com-. iniitteavwrui formell, drona persons who had.opnosed i in tho -mooting nil pretensions to thoru ticing anything but a trick. This cotrunlttqo'appointed' A committco of ladle», who took tho young women, auto a-room, disrobed thom, and examined their persons nnd.clothing, te. bp. suro Hint thoko woro no fixtures nbout thora that could prodime tho sounds. When -satisfied nu this point, the com'-! milloo af ladies triod «orno «thor-<ixpottitnmttrs,< and 'gnvo tito young Indien.tho-following «er-i tlflcnto i-" When they wa.ro standing oii pillows with ahnndkorohiof tied -around tho bottom of' their dross, tight to tho ankles, wooli hoard,tho rapping on tho wall-And -floor, distinctly.^ .- R-ioI». incjnbor of ,tho oommtttoo ropbrwdsVephratoly, agreeing with «nell other, will-entirely Biqiiittinii of fraud thoso in whoso prqsjitteo JUipto- Soi^d», woro made, I'ipiillr, ItT.'lifts; hobr.. ^iio/ipv¿rod. hnt thp soumis uiiraniwer 'cprif^ctlyAVjhcsiijJit: written on sjape>,.'.qi\<N'«t>m,vij\««{ia,,.bht the writer can knóvr'tl^^pi%fsfrt-r^«^'f>\'4ti^t.>?nR »shed moiiúUsr. ' Snr^. j»¿.j%' ,hnc.oOiit ,£l*cii in . ho Trit^n*;^'ü^tmfisti1^'^fortwt>o\ 1 t« 2C»t« £*a«ct.ïhiiiCj^ . 