THE ADELAIDE RACES!— THIRD DAY. Thursday, January 3rd, 1650. ' Ah, sirrah, this unloosed -for sport cnmes well.' Romeo and Juliet. The gods, ever bounteous in their blessings, smiled auspiciously on tho untired throng of pleasure-seekers, who determined to have another nay s run. :\i me various places of resort on the previous evening, jokes flew fast and thick, and we noticed some of the old hands very preat on the gratuitous champagne provided for any body by the winners. »Motley groups assembled . here and there to discuss the interesting topics of tho day, with due attention to the pleasant potables, fresh from the cellars of a Coppin. a Doian, or a Dyke. The worshippers of Bacchus, who with heathenish haste sought a shrine in Solomon's temple, proved that at least some things were devoured with devotion, if themselves were not. Many a pleasant laugh over the accidents of an Archer (not the gentleman who shot at a frog), or tho spills of other gentlemen jockeys, rang joyously through the air. ? '?? * Tales wero rife of ' moving incidents by fbnd and field ;' — how Tliiihflyer topped the hurdles ; fiothentm proved himself not of the best; Lwijcr ruMrly made another Giovanni of Mr George Fisher ; while Malcolm got hold of Quicksilver much quicker than we ever could. Again, haw strange stories of a ' haunted house ' in connection with Coppin's defunct staud, and his having but 'a ghost's bargain' from the man who built it, were 'whispered with white lips' by thirsty and in voluntary dustmen. How women fainted in their muslin frippery, and ? ' Muggins squeaked whsn daring Duggtns fell.' How small boys, on mighty horses, offered bets of odds astonishing— which were r.qt taken; while ex tensive men, on minnikin ponies, locked oivihese pro-' mising youths with dire dismay. How Mr Secretary Shayle whs bothered in his entries by the aristocratic names of the gentlemen riders. How, when he h?ard one man say, '' Oltiwell Woul, Sir,' he asked, ' How do yon spell it?' and was answered, ' O double-T I double-U E donble-L doublc-U double-0 D,' at which the flabergasted Secretary laid down his pen in despair. Butler (not the Bishop) says, in his humorous Hndi bras, a great many things, which we do not now re member, but our readers may, if they choose, which we might quote with advantage here, but virtuously refrain. A few scrimmages, here and there, marred the general hilarity; though 'the indignation of Coppin's 'Black Baron' at the foray for concealed vegetables, basketed tongues (a pleasant feat of prowess on the part of some snobs on Tuesday), was not excited again. How Mr Chambers, like an ogre, scared away the re porters from the weighing staud, but let in the mob : — and how » dreadful discussion on the being and attri butes of a gentleman rider occupied many noodle headed scions of the 'Upper House,' — who decided cleverly against the dogma of Pope, that ' An honest man's the noblest work of God,' @ by resolving that William Malcolm, who always rides as a gentleman, was not sufficiently high born to bo a gentleman iider. FIRST RACE. Beaten SlaJces. — Three guineas entrance for all horses beaten during the meeting, with sovereigns added. Three miles. To be handicapped byn tho Stewards or whom they may appoint. The winner to give three guineas to the fund. Weights, nine stone seven pounds. The following horses wore entered and started : — Abd-el Kader (CUrke) ? 1 United Irishman ( Williams) ? 3 Fidget (J. Ki«h«r) ....* ? ; ? 4 Quicksilver (BUud) ., ? 2 At starting Ahd-el-Kader and Fidget got away, closely followed by Quicksilver and United Irishman till past the booths, when Fidget passed and took the lead by a length for half a mile, when ho lost ground, the others all passing — Quicksilver and Ahd-el-Kader taking tho running past tho winning post the first time round, Fidget a long way behind, with Irishman well up, but losing ground slightly the remainder of the race. When about a mile from the winning pest, punishment commenced, and Abd-el-Kader came in winner of 'ho beaten Btakes by about twenty yards ; Quicksilver second ; United Irishman about the same distance behind Quicksilver, Fidget pulling up. Time, six minutes twenty- seven seconds. CIarke*s riding was greatly admired by almost all present, and one or two sporting gents predicted that after this show of jockey ing he would have plenty to do next races; THE PUBLICANS' PURSE. *- One and aThalf mile heats. Town Plate weights, Mr W. Malcolm's b. «t. Jimeraek, blue body, black ?teevci and cap (Mordock) ? , ? 1 1 Mr W. Vansitiarl's br. c. Lucifer, four years, blue Jacket and orange cap (Sam) ? 3 2 Mr James's e.g. Quicksilver, aged, blue jacket and black cap (Cobbern) ? v.. ......... 2 3 Mr George Coppin's Billy-bo-peep, black aad white stripes (Malcolm) ? 4 4 First Heat.— Jimeraek jumped away with the lead, was never caught, and came in a winner with the greatest ease. JBiLy-bo-peep might have been 6econd, but Malcolm being perfectly satisfied that he could not be first, checked his pace, and Quicksilver came in second, Lucifer third, Billy-bo-peep last. Secone Heat.— Jkncrack went away again with the lead, pushed rather close, by Lucifer for the course round, and when at the straight running the spur was lightly used, bnt Jimeraek surprised many, and came in a winner by a length; Lucifer second, Quicksilver third, Billy-bo peep last. In both heats the horses went at racing speed, and did their work in fair time. We were sorry to hear that two of the publicans attempted to make fool* of the public by using their i endeavours to put off the Publicans' Purse for the fourth day; and Messrs Chambers and Tanner, for some unaccountable reason', refused to act in the Publicans' Purse and Galloway Stakes ; but for all that, I the races did come off, Strike swearing that, as the red coat had been disgraced by such proceedings, he in tended to come out next year with a green one turned up with yellow, epaulettes, and cocked hat. GALLOWAY STAKES. Catch weights, one mile heats. Mr W. M-tlcoJm's g. m. Antelope, blue body nnd wh'tf enj (Borr) ? 1 1 Mr Biker's b. f. iVV/y. hlm-k and white ( ?-v-.m) ? 3 3 Mr Tre'itole'* r.ra. Whip- em- in, ecarlee (Tomkins) ? 2 2 W kip-em -in got the best of the start, bnt was soon passed by Antehpe, and ian a length in advance to the straight 'work, when he made ground, running in a winner by four lengths, Whip-cm-in second, with Nelly pulled up inside the distancing-post. Second Heat. — IF hip-em -in a sfart of a length, but was collared and passed by Antelope in a few strides, Netty in the back ground. An'ehpe taking the running and winning by two lengths, Whip-cm-in second, Nelly about ten yards behind. An attempt was now made to get up a Hack Hurdle race, but it proved a failure, only two horses being en tered, and the entrance-money being only a pound, it was not worth staring for. A Hurry Sknrry, however, once round the course, heats, ten shillings entrance, catch weights, was speedily got up, the following horses being ente-cd : — CooU's b.e. Turpin Chanter's b.e. Bo'hy Sue'l'a e.Ii. dry Mitldleton Foster'.* r.h. Highflyer Gerni'iin's b.u. ? Pfi'charrl's r.h. ? — Powel's b.g. Vagabond Fork's ? Bick ford's b.h. FvU'cr Cirditial's t-.R» Yonnq Nigtl JWi.ett's b.tn. Firmcn Bess Moor's r. p. Timber Merchant. Firit Heat.— Hurry Skurry. Brown Bess got off with the start of half a length, followed t.y Grey Mid dlcton well tin, bnt Bess held her pace, and came in a winner by five ienghts ; Grey Middleton second, the rest following at various distances. Second Heat. — Timber Merchant, although he had a bad start, in a few strides took the lead three parts of the course roiyid, when he was passed by Coquette wh'ch came in first, bnt running insid;1 the course, the heat' was given to Grey Middfcton ; Timber Merchant second ; the other'? coming in as they liked. Third Heat. — There was a great deal of uproar at the termination of this heat, some persons savins one ran inside the course, others savin? the revorsp= and some were prepared u- swear mac uiey ail ran insine ; but it was at length decided that there was no time to run another heat; by davlig.it. and it was ultimately decided that .nil horses should start again for the stakes at twelve o'clock this day. , The following matches were run during the day, which excited a g eat deal of interest, and money changed hands pretty freely : — Between J. Harvey's c.c. Victor (owner), and J. Lincs's c.f. Tit Bit (Fisher). Once round the course, to carry nine stone, for &h; a-si-le. Victor went away with the lead, which he held all tho way round, and came in first. Tit Bit had tho spur freely administered during the latter part of the race, but Victor going inside one of tho posts, lost the race, and Mr Harvey not being satisfied, and Mr Linos rxgeeable, a match was made between the same horses, with the stakes doubled. '' This time Tit Bit had another rider, Sam taking the srafc in the room of II. Fisher. First Heat — Victor went away again with tho lend, the same a? in last race, and ca:no in a winner by three lengths, doing hia ivork with ease. ' Tit Bit slightlv punished. Second Heat — Victor to»k the stakes wiih case, jump ing away with tho lead, and was never headed. \- TKOTTIXfi MATCH. Once round tho course, for £5, between Loddv c.p ? Little Hobby G\ leti'- b.m ? IhnUng. Bohhy wont away with the lead, but was collared at the first quater of a mile by Tiarlino, when she broke ; was put to her work again, but too late to carry the prize off. She came in second, but little in the rear. TROTTlVG JIvTCH. Once round the course, between .„ L.d.i'f: ? l.itt'e Bobby Prim vesa'fs ? Eirl fJtey Hruaristock's... ..Con.et H trvpv'a ? Mnrquis. 3lnrquis and Earl Grey got away together, but tho Earl broke shortly after starting, and had to turn, Comet taking second place, which he kept, but could not collar Marquis, who won with case. Several other matches came off for bottles of grog and bundles of cigars, but not worth noting. Among the numberless improvements introduced in our day, is the successful and economical adap tation of a naiv nnterial for gas and water pipes. This invention ot Mr Chamero, which ha9 been tested by above ten years' experience in France, has been introduced into England by Messrs Fox, Henderson, and Co., of Birmingham, who have obtained an exclusive licence for the manufacture. The pipes are made of sheet iron, bent to the re quisite form, strongly riveted together anil coated with an alloy of tin, the joints being also soldered, ami thus rendered air-tight, as well as waterprooi. They are then coated outside with an asphaltic ce ment. When intended iror the conveyance of water, the inside is also coated with bitumen, which re sists, like »lass, the action of acids and alkalis. The advantages of this kind of pipes are, that the ma terial (sheet iron) is less porous, and less liable to accidental leakage, thin cast iron, from which the escape of gas is very considerable —.about two- fifths of llio whole; and corrosion, inside or outside, is j prevented by the coatings. The greater elasticity J of the material also protects the pipes from the j effects of the jarring occasioned by traffic over ! them. On the bridges in Paris, this quality has been found of great importance. French expe rience has proved Mr Chamero's pipes, both for water and gas, to require remarkable little repairs. The inventor received from the Royal Institute of France, in 1815, the Monlhyon prize of 2500 francs. The English manufacturers offer these pipes at prices somewhat below those for cast iron of simi lar diamaters, including a guarantee. to keep them in repair for five years without charge. For colo nial use, the new pipes offer the additional advan tage of being a less cumbersome freight than cast iron. In July last the Spanish Government determined to despatch a new 26-gun corvette, called the Ferrolano, with skilful officers, and a picked crew, on a voyage round the world, in order, as the ministerial papers say, that the Spanish flag may regain its proper position in foreign seas. The ship's route is thus marked out : — from Cadiz to the Canary Islands, from thence to Port Victoria, New Holland, where she will land the Spanish bishop of that settlement, with thirty missionaries and artisans, who accompany him! ! ! What next? Singular Meeting. — A Greek, a German, an Irish, an English, and u Scotch naturalist, are at present in the Orkneys, each on a scientific tour. 