A COLUMN FOR THE CURIOUS In the current number of " Blackwood's Magazine," Professor Gregory of Edin burgh supplies the readers of that periodical with a singularly interesting chap'er on "German Popular Prophecies." the pun oi wntcli we shall en deavour to extract. Whilst resi dent in Rhenish Prussia last summer, his, attention was direc-eJ to tlia fact tint there and in other parts of Germany, there exist many remarkable predictions relating to public events, originating in different quartets, but exhibiting a curious coincidence in many important points. Some of these prophecies have been printed, others have been handed down from sire to son, and their burden frequently is, wars and convulsions in 1843, 1349, and 1800, such as we have acltia'ly seen come to pass. Dr Gregory, in the course of his investigation into the sub ject, which naturally possessed a strong charm for his enchanting mind, lighted on a work which professed to give a full account of it. It was entitled 1 Prophetic Voices, with Ex planation.' A collection, as perfect as possi ble, of all Prophecies, of Ancient and Modern date, concerning the Present and Future Times, with an Explanation of the obscure parts,' by Th. Bcykircli, licentiate of The- ology, and (R. C.) curate in Dortmund. Dr Gregory merely uses his work as a storehouse from which to draw the predictions them selves ; and first, we are introduced to Brother Hermann, who flourished in 1270, and whose vaticinations, in hextamer verse, were first given to the press ' in 1723, hy Professor Lilienthal, from what was said to he an old M.S.' His chief predictions refer to the House of Ilohcnzullern, the new royal House of Prussia, and in them, we are told, he describes the rise of the family, and, with, out giving the names, but in striking lan guage, ' tho fate and ciiaracter of the suc cessive Ma-graves, Electors, and Kings, till lie conies to Ficderick William I., who died in 1740, seventeen years after the proplieey was printed, and whose character and death be describes.' We pass over tiie instances of agreement given between the alleged pre dictions and fortunes of the family, till we come to the 03d line, in which, after the reference has been made to Frederick Wil liam III., the immediate progenitor of the present King of Prussia, the doom of the latter is shadowed forth in the ominous words, ' Tandem scept u gerit, qui ultimus stem- mentis eril.' 1 At length he bears tho sceptre, who shall be the lest of the race.' In line 49 the monastic seer had indicated the result in another way, by stating that ' This poison (Protestant heresy is thus denomi nated) shall last to the eleventh generation.' Professor Gregory upon this remarks — ' The present King, Frederick William IV., is the eleventh from Joachim 111., tho first Pro testant prince of Brandenburg, in reference to whom tho abovo line was written.' According to Brother Hermann, then, Prussia is to have no more kings, but there is no hope held out , that a republic is to supersede royalty, for wo | are lol l, in the D5;h line, " Et pastor girgem j recipil, Gcrmania regem." " And the shep herd receives his flick, Germany a king." So that German unity may not be such an improbable thing as we have generally deemed it. " Tho next prophet mentioned by our author (says Dr Gregory) is Joseph Von Gorres, who died in January, 1843 — that is, I b.fore the last revoluiion in France, which shook the thrones of Europe. On his death bed he lamented the misfortunes about to come upon Poland, described Hungary as appearing to liim one huge field of carnage, and went over the approarhing downfall of the European monarchies. . . . But he was a man deeply read in history, and tin re ore some of these prophetic hints which may possibly have occurred to him as reflec tions on probable events, and have assumed a certain degree of vividness in his mind." A Westphaiian shepherd, named Jaspers, who died in 1S30, is next introduced. He was, we ore told, a simph minded pious man, and his weird raying were collected by a personal friend, the genuineness of which was ascer tained by tne author on the spot. Among other predictions, " before the first English railway had been opened, and when the pri mitive shepherds of 'Westphalia were little likily to know anything about railways," he publicly foretold that " a great road will be carried through our country, frnm west to east, which shall pass through the forests cf Bodelschwing. On this read carriages shall run without horses, and cause a dreadful noise, . . Before this road is quite completed a frightful war will break out." These words (says the Professor), to the astonishment of the natives, have marly all been fulfilled. The railway from Cologne to Minden has since his death been carried through the very district he mentioned in 1330\. . . . The railway has for a year or two been in operation ; but, up to the end of 1S49, as we saw by advertise ments, the second line of rails wes not laid down, It is probable still only in progress. Now, in 1843 and 1849 we have seen war in S-hlrswig-Holstrin, Hungary, Italy, Poscn and Baden. Several of his predictions point io another great war, in which Russia is to take an active part. We quote one of then — " 8 In the year in which the greit war s!iall break out, there shall be so fine a spring that in April the cows will be feeding in the meadows on luxuriant grass. In the same year win at may be harvested (in his district), but not oats. 9. The great battle will be fought at the birch tree, between Unna, Hamm and Werl. The people of half the world will there be opposed to each other, — God will terrify the enemy by a dreadful storm. Of the Russians but few will return home to tell of their defeat. 10. The war will be over in 1850, and in 1852 all will be again in order. 11. The Poles are at first put down ; but they will, along with other nations, fight against their oppressors, aud at last obtain a king of their own. 12. France will be divided internally into three parts." The Professor notices, what is at least a curious coincidence, that there are at least three parlies in France all powerful, and who literally divide the strength of the Republic. But what rays Jaspars the seer regarding Prussia ? Dies he also say tint, with the present Prience, the crown is to depart from the divided House of Hohenzollern ? Even ao, for we read, " ) 7. When asked as to the future of Prussia, he maintained an obstinate silence, saying only that Kiiig Frederick William IV. would be the last." The next prophet is Spiel! aim, a Rhcinish peasant, so called be cause of his skill as a performer on the violin. He died in 1783, at Cologne. Numerous in stances of his sight-aeeiug are given, and, among the rest, the great battle of the bircli tiro predicted by others is distiuctly indica ted thus : " 10. The holy city of Cologne shall then (after the fall of the Prussian Royal Family foretold by him) see a fearful battle. Many of foreign nations shall be here killed, and nun and woman shall fight for their faith. And it will be impossible to avert from Co logne, up to that time spared by war, all the cruel calamiths of war. Men will then wade in blood to tho ancles." "II. But at last a foreign king shall arise, anil gain the victory fi r the good cause. The survivors of the defeated enemy lly to the birch tree ; and here shall the last battle be fought for the good cause." " 13. About this time France will be divided internally." "14. The Ger. man Empire shall choose a peasant for Em peror. Ho shall govern Germany a year and a day." (The Arcluluko John is supposed to be meant, who, when banished from Court, livid as n peasant, and married a country girl, and whose regency lasted about a ye-r.) "15. But he who after him shall wear the Imperial Crown, he will bo the man for whom the woild has long looked with hope, IL shall he called Roman Emperor, and shall give peace to the world." "The wise words" of Anton, tho youth of Elsen, are next quoted' and then a numbrr of old truditlouaty pro phecies, which we reluctantly pass over. Dr. Gregory, towards the closo of his Interesting lecture, states that the following points are traceable as prevailing tho entire series of the popular prophecies to which lie has called attention: — 1. A great war aftrr a peace, about this time. 2. It is preceded by poij. tical convulsions and lesser wars. 3. The east and north fight against the smi'li and west. 4, Tho latter finally prevail, under a powerful prince, who unexpectedly rises up. 5\. The great struggle is short, aid occurs late in the year. 0. It io decided hy the | battle of the Birch Tree near Werl. 7. After horrible deva-tations, and murders, and bur nings, caused by this war, pi ace and prospe rity return. 8. Priests are massacred, and become very rare ; but 9. One religion unites all men. 10. AH this takes place soon sfte the introduction of rail ways into Germany. II. The present king of Prussia is the last. 12. The " powerful prince" from the south becomes emperor of i Grrmany. 13. France is about this lime in wardly divided, 14. The Russians come as j enemies to the Rhine, the French enter Ger- ' many as friends — without entering into fur- | tlicr details. We have only room to subjoin j a few of his concluding remarks : — If we j seek to form nny idea of the crigin of these piophecies we find that there are three sources from which the people may have derived the traditions: — 1. They may possibly be, in some cases nt least.dcrivcd from the reflections of sagacious men. Even Napoleon predicted dreadful wars, and that Europe must become either Cossack or Republican. But although some things may thus be explained, we do not see how the minute details in other cases can be thus accounted for. 2. Scriptural prophecies may have been applied to modern events, wbich, indeed, arc no doubt foretold in them, in a general way. Wc cannot avoid observing the frequent occurrence of Scriptural language in the predictions ; but this does not account for all the detiils. 3. The seers or prophets who have had genuine visions or dreams in which they saw what they des- scribc ; it has been that various prophets use language implying this. And while the general resemblance of the different visions naturally leads us to suspect that the popular traditions have a common origin, we can at most conclude from this that tho original iter lived long ago, which only increases the difficulty. They were piobably l.ke Brother Hermann monks and ascetics, their imagina tions excited by religious fervour; in othci a urns iney were nervous and excitable, and predisposed to visions. Supposing tin b visions known to the people, the feeling ofth. rrarvclloos, if excited along with religions sentiments, may have led to visions or second sight among the p asantry, and thus visions may have bc.n multiplied and expanded in details. If we reflect on the. many known instances of proplutic dreams, and in the alleged and respectably attested cases of somnambulistic prevision, we shall see reason ta hesitate before we deny the possibility of the occurrence, iu certain iodi- vi.luals, of prophetic visions. We are far from imagining that, if such h ive been the cas. with our German sccis, they have enjoyed direct communications from Heaven ; on the contrary, were wc satisfied of the fact, we should regard it as a phenomenon depending on some obscure physical cause, which may in time he discovcicd and traced; and which, at all events, exists by divine permission. In illustration of this remark, ihc case of Monsieur de C'azotte is given, who, some years previous to 1787, prcdi.-ted, with much detail, to a large company of persons of rank, science, and literature, the atrocities of the Reign ol Terror, anil whoahvajs wlirn about to predict, fell mto a peculiar state, as if aslee; , yet no ordi- naiy sleep.' The laborious, minute, and conscientious researches of the Baron von Rfichenbacli hive proved, beyond a doubt, that we arc far from Icing acquainted with all the physical influences which surround us; and he ha even rcfirred to a physical cause one source of the belief in ghosts— by proving tbat luminous appearances are visit lc to sen sitive perfons, over recent graves. No one can fail to ice the resemblance between the Srnsiiives of Baron von Relcbenbacli, who are far from rare, and the Spoikenfciker, or ghost seeis, of the curate of Doitmund, Wc cousider it probable, therefore, that at different periods seers have bad visions, more or less distinct and detailed, of what uppearcd to their minds lik-lv in I. J , ula, lucsc visions have occurred in a state of tiance ; that among the ascetic monks, who may be re garded as liable to such trances, it may often have happened that extensive knowledge of history ami of mankind lias enabled them to foresee the probable course cf event. ; that their predictions, becoming known to the peasantry, have given a tone their virions, in which (he events are generally localised in the immediate vicinity of the seer ; and th .t thus, by d.grces, mere detailed predictions .have arisen. Clairvoyance. — " 