THE PEABODY CORRESPONDENCE. LETTER THE SEVENTH. From the same to Mr. Zebediah L. Peabody, &c.;, &c.; BROTHER ZEB,—In that same village of which I spoke to you in my last, I found one great eyesore—an old house. Now I love old houses sometimes; they are precious in old countries with all the associations and memories which haunt their precincts—with all their traditions of the past which, although not allowed a page in history, yet live and are cherished by those who dwell around the scenes where once those dramas were spoken and acted. But to see a house prematurely old—old in a new town which twenty or thirty years before had no existence at all, is something too bad, and I can only compare it to one of those dried up, wizened- looking children whom, we sometimes meet in the world, whose baptismal register points to something under a score, while their faces bear the impress of half a century of years. Doubtless if the citizens had known of the coming of so important an individual as myself, they would have removed it, but as I not only travelled without equipage or attendants, but also gave no notice of my intended visit, they took no more heed of me than if I had been a Yankee pedlar guaging the pockets of all the country, or a wan- dering trapper from the far west, who had yearned once more to look upon the face of his fellows There it stood in all its deformity—this house, which I can scarcely call a ruin; it looked rather as if it had been suddenly blighted—dingy, dark, and woefully miserable. I was certainly somewhat scared when I looked upon it for the first time, it seemed so forlorn amid all the fine new buildings which were springing up around it, like a poor relation with his seedy habili- ments and slovenly air, seated at the hospitable board of a rich kinsman on a new year's day festival. One morning as I was passing it, I saw a man enjoying himself, leaning his back against a fence right opposite, and smoking as if he had taken a contract to do the work of that department for all the chimnies in a factory, and I asked him what place that was. He looked at me from head to foot, and back again, as if he wondered how I came to be in that quarter. "I guess, stranger," said he, "you were never raised in the neighbourhood of these here diggings." "No," re- plied I, "I am from New York." "I calculated as much," said he. "Well, you want to know all about this tumble-down old fixing. I'll tell you. It belongs to one Squire Butterfleet, an almighty rich man in these parts, and I guess when he kept a public there, that there was no end to the cents that changed hands over his counter, but somehow he gave up business, built a country house, turned gentleman, and let the house go to rack." "Strange, though, that he didn't let it," observed I. "Why, you see," replied my companion, "there was a fellow came to these parts one night, and they did say that he was no way short of cash. Next morning he was dead as an old hickory stump, with his throat cut. Some said he did it himself; others said that another had done the job for him, but anyway he was stiff, and no money could be found. Well, you would think that he had quite enough of this house while he was alive to make him keep clear of of it after he was dead, but no, there was not a night but some- body saw him walking about with his hand to his throat, keeping his head steady. "This won't do," said the squire; "either you or I, my gentleman, must quit the house." And as the ghost would not, the squire did; nobody else would take it after; and there it is, looking one minute as if it was going to fall, and yet changing its mind the next. That's all I know about it, stranger, and as my throat's dry with talking, what do you say, shall we liquor?" I had a glass with my new friend, and very soon after I parted from him and the village, but for many years the memory of that old house with its tale of mystery haunted me, and very lately the whole scene rose up before me, plain and distinct as the street which is in my view as I write, for Zeb, my boy, I have met a copy of that great original; I have looked upon just such another house in this very city. At the back of the market sheds, within full range of the mingled flavor of beef and vegetables, mutton and flowers, poultry and fruit of all kinds and descriptions, stands a house which in appearance is most miserably dilapidated, and which internally is not one whit better than its exterior would warrant you in supposing. The walls are crumbling; the posts which support the verandah are growing awfully frail; the plaster falls in lumps which it would be by no means pleasant to knock against; the stairs creak and totter under you as you ascend or descend, and altogether the unsightly edifice very forcibly reminds you of a man whose constitution is regularly broken down, and who is fast sinking into the grave. Having been once a public house, it looks as if it had in its young days been as dissipated as any of its customers, and now old before its time, its former ex- cesses are telling fearfully against it. When it was scarcely tenant- able, either as a grog shop or even as the residence of what the newspapers call "a quiet family without incumbrance"; when in fact there was a very strong impression abroad that the sooner it was taken down the better; the Corporation of Sydney (having as it seemed a strong partiality for anything rotten) came to the rescue, and selected it to be their Town Hall—I beg pardon, it ought to be City Hall. Yes, my brother, in this enervated, broken- down public house, which is in such awful bad repair that I am assured as an absolute fact that the Mayor, who is a very feeling man, takes an affectionate leave of his family before he ventures to make his appearance before the citizens on the verandah on any public occasion—is the Council Chamber, where the municipal wisdom of the City of Sydney is congregated in assembly, and if you were here, if you had to smart for all their errors, follies, and crude notions, to say nothing of the prejudices by which they are guided in the choice of workmen, as well as in that of the work to be performed, you would agree with me, that this crumbling, tumbling, old edifice suits them well, and that as it is sure to fall some day, that it is to be earnestly hoped that this denouement will happen on a quarter day, when there is generally an unusually large concourse of members present. It is rather amusing on public occasions to see how nervously the Mayor looks round him, to see that there are not too many visitors on the verandah, or that no dangerous character, with the obesity and stamina of a Lambert, dares to intrude upon such perilous ground. Fortunately for his Worship and for themselves, the learned body over which he presides do not by any means corres- pond in size with our preconceived notions of a corporation. What visions of venison, turtle, and apoplexy, are created by the very mention of the words "a London Alderman;" but no such ideas can be born in connection with a Sydney dignitary of this genus. They are all (with one middling exception) as thin and as tall as laths, or else short and thin, like the same laths broken into pieces. As to the Councillors, although there are indeed a few who seem to be in a fair way of training for the future enjoyment of civic lard, yet the majority are not superior in condition to their more dignified colleagues, and many of them look not only as if they never had a good dinner, but also as if they never expected to have one. But although this dereliction of duty on the part of the City Council is so far fortunate, that in the decayed buildings where they meet, the mouldering timbers are better able to bear their feather weights (for I regret to say that their intellectual is on a par with their corporeal stamen), yet it does appear strange that they should be content to allow their dignity to roost in such a hovel, while at the same time they are annually giving their Mayor six hundred pounds to support his honors. And yet they have not forgotten to garnish it. One of Broadwood's grand pianos would look uncommon skeary in the front drawing room of the old ghost haunted inn at Persepoils (that name will do as well as another), and mighty out of place in this piteous looking hall is the great big chair for the Mayor to sit in, and the highly ornamented table and desk on which he is privileged to rest his elbows. They are costly enough; the citizens know it; some sixty pounds they had to pay for them, and they have their reward. On quarter day, it is a very grand sight to see the Right Worshipful attired in his robes, in color a blue which has evidently seen better days, and in shape and make something between a stage toga and the mantle with which the artists of the last century were wont to invest fortune tellers and gypsies, and trimmed with the furs and skins of a generation of venerable tabbies; the Aldermen in black gowns of no shape at all, and the Councillors in blue dress coats with double extra gilt buttons and white silk linings. There are some people certainly who are of opinion that these fopperies might have been left at the other side of the line, but then you know that a Mayor without his robes—a constable without his staff—or a fool without his baton and bells, would be all mere nobodies, without dignity or conse- sequence, for old simpletons to envy and young ones to admire. The passion for outward show, the yearning after the flimsy deco- rations of tinsel, is not confined to the old world; go where you will you will find it. The Indian squaw who hangs a necklace of beads round her neck, and defies the world to rival her attrac- tions, or her warrior husband who twists an eagle's feather in his scalp lock, and thinks that he is a model of elegance, are not one whit more barbarous than the more presumptuous European, or his offshoots in America or in Australia, who cling to the toys which delighted their forefathers, and who in the midst of their refinement and civilization very often sacrifice their independence and their honor for the paltry and contemptible distinctions of a red ribbon or a sky blue cloak. I have now introduced you to the municipal body, to which are entrusted the interests of the citizens among whom I am at present a sojourner. In my next I will endeavour to enlighten you as to the sayings and doings of these worthy gentlemen, in order that you may he able to form an idea how much the voyage of 16,000 miles has conduced to purify the machinery of government and facilitate its profitable working. Meanwhile, with remembrances to all you love and respect, I remain yours ever, HIRAM W. PEABODY. 