JUDICIAL INTELLIGENCE. SUPREME COURT. crown side. Tuesday, 19th November, 1850. The sessions of Oyer and Termlner, and General Gaol delivery, were resumed this morning at ten o'clock, at which hour his Honor Mr Justice a'Beckett took his seat, and the following Jury were empan- nelled — William Kerr, foreman, Wm, Jno. Lowden, Wm. Kelly, H. Langlands, Charles Key, Samuel R. Kelly, Jeremiah Kellar, Timothy Lane, Ambrose Kyte, Thomas Law- rence, Moses Lazarus, Hector Liardet. MURDER. Matthew Madden, pleaded not gulliy to an Indictment charging him with the wilful murder of John Morrison, at the Black Dog Creek, on the 3rd October last, by striking him with the blade of a pair of sheep shears. The prisoner who is a short thick set man, of dark complexion, determined features, and apparently about thirty-five years of age, appeared keenly to feel the awful situation in which he was placed. He was not defended by contsel. Clarke Turner Stafford deposed — I live on the Black Dog Creek. I remember the 3rd October. I have seen the prisoner before. I saw him about six o'clock In the morning of the 3rd October. I knew a person named John Morrison who I believe is dead. i believe he died on the 4th October. The deceased and the prisoner were fellow servants in the employ of Mr Withers. I left my hut at about 7 o'clock on the 3rd October, and saw Madden and Morrison outside the hut ; they were throwing sticks at each other. Madden threw the first stick and Morrison returned it. They then got a stick in each hand and went into the bush. I dare say for about an hour towards Mr Withers I stood at the hurdles all that time. They both came back and Morrison had some sticks under his arm which he was throwing at Madden. They went Into the hut and afterwards came out. Morrison had a large stick in his hand with which I saw him knock Madden down, and he then kicked him twice in the head. When I saw that I went up to them. Madden was lying down bleeding, but got up when he saw me, and Morrison walked towards the hut. Madden said, "give me your knife Jem," speaking to me but that is not my name ; he added "I'll rip the b——y b——r's guts out." I said "No I will not, I have not got one." Madden then ran past me to the hut, which he entered and came out with a pair of old sheep shears. Morrison ran away from him round a hole near the hut at the back. He had a large stick in his right hand, and I went to him and said, "Jack, give me that stick." he said, "By the holy ghost I'd cut the brains out of you as soon as I would out of the b——y wretch on the other side." I then went to Madden and said "Madden, give me them shears." He said "Jem, don't you interfere or I'll rip the guts out of you as soon as I would out of the b——y wretch on the other side." I then left him and went towards the large hurdles. They followed me up. Madden knocked Morrison down with a stick near to where I was, and I then went to saddle a mare to go and inform Mr Withers. Madden called out to me, ;the thundering thief and wretch has got your glass,' holding up a small glass which I brought out from home, which Morrison had taken out of the hut. Madden came up to me and said, 'I expect I've ripped the b—y b—r's guts out, for he's laid down by the fold.' I am not certain whether he had only one shear or a pair in his hands at the time. I went past the fold, but did not see Morrison. I went to Mr Withers, who came out with me, and we found Morrison laid down at the back of a tree : his head was on his hand. I said, 'What's the matter, Jack ?' and he said, 'That Dubbo has ripped me with the shears.' We brought him on a hurdle, and carrned him to the hut. We bathed the wound, and stopped with him the whole of the day. At night Madden came to the hut about an hour before sun-down, and said to Morrison, 'you see what you caused me to do.' Madden got some water or tea, and laid down on the bed for a time. He said he hoped Morrison would get better, and appeared sorry. He said if he got better that he (Madden) couldn't think of anything less than paying the doctor's bill. Morrison was wounded be- tween nine and ten in the morning. I sent for a doctor immediately. By the Prisoner ; I recollect you went to Mr Withers to get some money that morning. You brought home two bottles of rum. You were a little the worse of liquor when you came home. We were not up when you came home. You drank two rounds out of the rum. I don't recollect you saying, 'boys, you must finish the rest. I'm sleepy.' You laid down and put your hands over your eyes. You had only been three days in the hut with de- ceased. The deceased had words with you before, something about a song. Morrison was singing a song, and Madden said he was wrong and corrected him, when Morrison jumped up and said, 'By the Holy Ghost, I wouldn't interrupt you if you were singing a song.' When you came out of the hut your shirt was torn. I don't recollect your saying that Morrison had struck you cowardly whilst you were lying on the bed. I did not see any blood on your shirt. I washed the deceased's face several times just before he died, and he said I was the best boy in the bush. He rambled very much. He was delirious. I never recommended you to run away because Morrison was very bad and you re- fused to do so. I never said when you refused to do so that that shewed the bottom of a man. By Ills Honor : Both the prisoner and deceased had been drinking, but did not appear very much intoxicated; they could run well enough, chasing each other In the bush: Jason Withers deposed : I reside at the Black Dog Creek, and remember the 3rd October: I recollect Stafford, who is in my employ, calling upon me on the 3rd October. I went Immertl- ately with him to the out station, where he was watchman. The prisoner was in my employ, as also was John Morrison. I saw him dead on the 4th October, at the out station. Be- fore we arrived at the hurdles we looked for Morrison and found him lying about twenty yards from the hurdles on his back wounded. The wound was on his left side. We got a hurdle put some blankets on it and carried Morrison to the hut. Stafford called on me between 10 and 11 o'clock and we arrived at the hut within an hour. I remained with the deceased about three quarters of an hour and then went home and despatched a man for the Doctor. I found Madden about I o'clock in the afternoon about a mile from his hut shep- herding his sheep. He asked me if l had seen the man? and I said I had seen John Morrison. Mad- den had one hand behind his back and I asked him what he had there ? when he produced one shear blade and said that was what he had given the other man. I don't know that he mentioned Mor- rison's name. After seeing the prisoner I went to the hut where Morrison was. Madden shortly af- terwards came in and had some very high words with the wounded man, but I can't tell what they were. I told Madden not to say anything to Mor- rison but to keep him as quiet as possible. Mr Croke — Did he express any repentance? His Honor would not allow the question to be put. (The witness was very deaf.) Examination continued — Both in words and at- titude. the prisoner was violent. The prisoner requested that Mr Withers and the former witness might be placed side by side. Mr Withers examined by the prisoner — I don't recollect you telling me on that day that you were very dry and requesting a drink of water. Stafford examined by the prisone— I remember after Morrison was wounded you appealed to him in my presence to say whether he was not in the wrong. The prisoner said that as the deceased would not say whether he was or was not in the wrong, he got in a rage and this was the violence to which Mr Withers had alluded. Stafford examined by the prisoner — You told Mr Withers to pay the Doctor's bill out of your wages. You attended to the deceased during the night. James Chandler deposed — I am in the employ of Mr Withers. I remember coming with him on the 3rd October from the home station to the out station where the prisoner was living. We found Morrison lying under a tree ; he said Dubby (meaning the prisoner) had stabbed him with a pair of shears. We took him to the hut and I stopped with Morrison, who said — His Honur — We can't hear what he said. Examination continued— I remained at the hut about half an hour and then went for the Doctor. By a Juror — Morrison had been about six weeks on the station. I did not come much in contact with him. I can't say whether he was disposed to be quarrelsome when in liquor. The prisoner was hired about the same time as Morrison. Stafford examined by a Juror— Morrison was rather quarrelsome when in liquor. My impression is, that both he and the prisoner wore in liquor at the time of the affray. By His Honor — After Morrison was wounded, he said to me, "you keep of that Dubby (meaning the prisoner) for he's a dangerous character." I said, "yes, I will." He said. "I forgive him, for if he hadn't done it to me, I'd have done it to him if I could." J.J. Keatinge deposed — I am a surgeon. I re- member the 4th October. I was called on that day to visit a patient, at the Black Dog Creek. The deceased was dead when I saw him. The intes- tines were protruding. There was a wound an inch and a half in length on the left side. The blade of a shear would have produced such a wound. There was no circulation ; strangulation and inflammation had taken place. This closed the case for the prosecution. The prisoner said, if the deceased had not med- dled with him first, he should not have bothered with him. He declared that the deceased knocked him down, and gave him several cuts in the head before he meddled with the deceased at all. His Honor, in charging the jury, told them there could be no doubt the deceased died from a wound inflicted by the prisoner, and the question for them to determine was, whether there were any circum- stances which justified them in reducing the offence from murder to manslaughter, for manslaughter it assuredly was. if not murder. The law was this, if a quarrel took place between two parties, and whilst the blood was heated, a death blow was given, that was manslaughter, but if any interval took place to allow time for reflection, then the offence was murder. The distinction between the two offences was frequently exceedingly fine, and it was peculiarly the province of a Jury to determine from the circumstances which offence had been committed. In this case it was immaterial which commenced the fight ; both appeared to be in liquor, but he need not tell the jury that was no palliation. There could be no doubt that a very ferocious attack had been made by the deceased upon the prisoner, and the jury would recollect that a very short time elapsed between this attack, and the prisoner rushing out with the shears. The question to determlne was, whether there was deliberation in the mind of the prisoner during the interim. Under what circumstances the wound was given, was matter of conjecture, but they had evidence that the prisoner first knocked down the deceased, and having thus secured his defence, there was the less excuse for the prisoner using the shears. Was the impression on the mind of the prisoner that, to pro- tect his own life, it was necessary to take that of the deceased ? There was no evidence whatever of any malicious expression, or any malicious feel- ing on the part of the prisoner after the wound had been inflicted. The Jury retired for about half an hour, and, on their return to court, found the prisoner guilty of manslaughter, and he was remanded for sen- tence. Before the following Jury ; Theophilus Lightfoot. foreman, W Kesterson, Thomas Kissock, James Kinder, J S Lambard, M. Lynch, William Lang, Thomas Lowe, Robert Keys, Henry Lilly. William Kis- sock, and John Lynch. STABBING WITH INTENT, &c.; Thomas Kelly pleaded not gtiiltv to an indict ment charging liim with stubbing John Brunt, on the nth July last, at Bcnnallnr, with Intent to com mit inurjer. A second count charged the prisoner with intent to do some grievous bvdilv liurm: ltichard Clarke, publican at Benaila, deposed— I have seen the prisoner at my house ; I saw liim there on the nth Jul; ; 1 know John Brunt, lie wus also at my house on tliat night j I saw the prisoner in Hie bar of iny house ; I afterwards heard liim speak to John Brunt, and heard the latter say " I am not the master of the house I afterwards heard the prisoner make use of Improper language, and told liim I would not allow any such peupleVi iny house : lie them made 11 blow nt a person named Bully ; Brunt came between them 11ml Hie prisoner streck hhn on the breast ; I supposed at the time 11 was wiiu ins ii-i s i saw Homing in ms hand, hut It wus dark ut the time ; the prisoner afterwards struck Ilru-it another blow on the breast ; Brunt knocked the prisoner down on both occasions i the p Toner appeared quite sober : 1 believe lie had been in the Inure the principal part of the day s 110 o le struck Brunt hut the prisoner ; a few minutes afterwards I found that Brunt had been wounded ill the breast ; the wound bled u gisnl deal ; ho became quite faint ; he bled more t turn u doctor would tnke from the iirin of an invalid, By the 1'rinmer — The fiddle was playing In the house that ld 'tit, and there were n good many tliere ; about five minutes elapsed between your striking the blow and Brunt discovering that he was wounded ; n knife was found 011 your person ; it was closed, and 1 hud the knife in my. hand, By His Honor — The knife was taken out of tho prisoner's p-icket nbotit ten minutes nfter the blow was struck : 1 saw no mark of hlnoJ minn ti,„ knife, James Bull) gave similar testimony to the pre ceding witness, adding Hint lie received a stab in the encounter from tho prisoner in the arm, and thought nt tho time lie had been struck Hint he had been stabbed, from the peculiar pnln lie felt. Oil reference to the de.io.-ttiou of the witness taken nt the police court, it uppenrcd that lie had there stated that his impression at first was that he had merely been grazed by the prisoner's knuckles. He accounted for this apparent discre pancy, however, by stntlng tliat lie was In his shirt sleeves at the time, he exhibited the mark upon his arm, which presented much the appearance that would result from an incised wouud. John Brant, the wounded man, stated that ho funded lie saw some small instrument tn the pri soner's hand at the time lie was stabbed, but lie would not utidcrtako to swear that he had any tiling In his lmnd. Dr Cheyne, residing in the neighbourhood of Bcunlla, proved thut on the 9th July lie was called 111 professionally to visit Brunt and found htm In a very weak stato from the loss of blood, having re ceived a wound apparently from a kiilfu ill the breast : had the wound been on the oilier side of the breast bono, it would probably huvo proved fatal. The wound was most dangerous to life, so much so that the witness despaired of the patient's life several times. If tho wound were Inflicted with a back handed blow, it must have been a very vio lent one. The prisoner handed in n written defence, which he rested upon the fuct that 110 knife wns seen In Ills bund at the tirna the blow was struck, whilst no murks of blood wcro visible on the weapon found upon him. He also urged thut five or six parties were engaged in the scuflle, any of whom wore us likely to have stiuck the blow as himself, hut Hint suspicion rested upon liim, ill consequence of his being u Htranger. Corjioral Brock, who arreted the prisoner, was called by his Honor and stated, that when lie wus sent for to Clarke's public-house, lio found Brunt lying oil n sofa bleeding from the breast, nnd the prisoner, who was bleeding from the nose ami mouth, was bring held down on the Il i ir by two parlies. A discrepancy in the evidence witii regard to Hie knife given by Clarke at the I'.illee Court nnd that given in tii-j Snpiv n'.' Court, was p lini-.l.on: hy hi- Honor, win reiimrkeil tlinr there nnpeare 1 lo lie something very mysterious nbjut the knife, which was not pro lured, uml which Chirk" first stated he took out iff tin prisoner's pocket, and subsequently th.it It U.unk'J t9 liim L>/ fuiotUvr party. His ITonor told tho Jury it was for them to deter- mluo whether tho blow wiu Inflicted by the prisoner, nnd if so with what Intent it was Inflicted i whether lie accidentally had the knife in his hand nt the time, or whether he Intended to use the knife. The Jury retired for a few minutes, aud on their return to court found the prisoner pullty on the second count, and he was remanded for sentence. Before the following Jury : James Llddv, foreman, Kmanuel King. Joseph Lilly, Cnshmoro Lazarus, James I.iddy, Patrick Lyons, Jeremiah Kullnher, S K. Kelly, Thomn?- Lawrence, Ambrose Kyle, M. T.aznnu.Wm Kelly. stkauno ritl lT Tttr.ES. Michael Ashton pleaded not guilty to an indict ment charging him with s;ealing eighteen pear, one apple, and six apricot trees, of the value of thirty shillings, nt Cnmpbellficld, on the l?th August last, the property of Joseph Koberts. The prisoner was defended by Mr Stawoll. The particulars have already appeared in this Journal. Iloberts' garden was plundered ot some fruit trees, some of which were subsequently found in the prisoner's garden, lie llrst stated that he purchased them from Huberts, liut afterwards that he bought them Lorn n man named Pole. Tho prosecutor swore positively to two of the trees which were produced In court, one having a label upon it which had btcome grafted with the stock, and the other being a pear grafted ujxhi a quince stock. Mr Cole the Into partner of Roberts, also swore positively to the pear tree grafted upon tho stock of a quince, being the pro perty of Roberts, lie (ColeJ having grafted it himself upon a stock given to him by the lute Mr Carr.ofSt llelliers.-— Mr J. (L Taylor, the land lord of the Baker's Arms, stated, that he had known the prisoner four years, nnd gave him n good character for honesty. Ills Honor told the jury it was for them to determine whether the evidence for the prosecution was worthy of credence, and after a short consultation, the jury acquitted the prisoner, and he was discharged. The Court then a-ljourned till 10 o'clock on the following morning. 