SYDNEY. Ifiuim our own (..i)nni'si»oNnitN,r| I MtiNiioNi.ii in a former letter that the Police Commutes or rather Commis- sions ers, had agreed to their report, I am now in a position to state precisely) their recommendations. In the ins' place the) recommend an i ice cave in the numerical strength of the police, of forty six men, twelve to hold the rank of' sergeant. Secondly, they propose the appointment of a chief constable at a salary of £150 per annum. Thirdly they propose to organise a detective force of not less than a gift men, under the immediate direction of the Chief Constable. Fourthly, they propose to establish a horse patrol to consist of not less than twelve men-one serjeant, and one corporal, to be under the immediate order of the our'rintendent of Police. Fifthly, a van to he provided for the conveyance of prisoners to and from the Gaol to the Police office, and a small gratuity to be allowed to one of the constable's wives to act as master of the female watch-house Siuhly, a printed code of police orders, to be posted on all the v walls of the Police Office and watch-houses, and a copy of the same to be given to every officer of the force Seventh, the men to enter the service for a fixed period, and not to be allowed to retire sooner unless the) give one month's notice, 01 utiles... I incapacitated by sickness, see. 'the power of dismissal, however to remain vested as at present in the Superintend trial. In co inclusion the Board drew, attention to the evil a fleet of a want of co-operation among the various police as abhshmetits of the colony, as a means of impairing the general utility an evil upon which I offered a few comments in my last letter. I think it a pity that this Board has not gone into the question of discipline, which after all is, in my opinion, the one of most importance. In the police of Sidney there is little or no distinction between officer, sergeant, and constable, and while the forte is so organised it is vain to expect efficiency even with an) number of constables. There is little or nothing under discussion except the recent inquiry into Mr. Clarkson's death and Us causes A glance at the medical evidence as pub fishery in the Harold will thou that however doubtful may be the moral reputation of the female who has been committed for trial, there is scarcely the ghost of a case against her as regards the alleged murder. I believe, in fact, that she has been admitted to bail. Sydney, Tuesday, April 8, 1830. 