THE BEACON-STAR. A CHRISTMAS TALE FOR WARM HEARTS AND WARM HEARTHS. BY COLONNA. ( Written for the People's Advocate.) Chapter the First. Id the vicinity of a retired village, aod at no great distance from the assize town of one of the central counties of Ireland, was an old house, which doubtless had been in its day a right comfortable mansion, but which forty years since was little better than a ruin, desolate and abandoned — at least by the living. S:> long had it been deserted that even that remarkable individual, " the oldest inhabitant," could not remember its being ocoupied, and while the suns of many summers had gleamed bright upon its rank and tangled herbage, the winds of quite as many winters had moaned wildly and sadly around it ; now entering some broken window and sighing piteously as they wandered from chamber to ohamber, and again sweepingaround angles and corners, and bending, till they al most touched the ground, the few trees and shrubs which yet lin gered in its once blooming and neatly .trimmed garden. There were many strange reports about this old house in the neighbour hood, for generally when the living abandon a mansion, it becomes the haunt of the dead, at least' in the estimation of those who dwell near it. and I may venture to say that not one denizen of that little village, old, young, or middle aged, would have presumed to cross the boundary of " Fairy field" after sunset, much less to enter the house, the doors of which were always most hospitably opeu. But if thus particular in the gloom of the night, they were by no means so scrupulous during those hours when spirits are con fined to their homes and ghosts to their graves. It was a matter of perfeot indifference to most of the old women in the vicinity whether turf was dear or cheap, plenty or scarce, the fires with which they cheered their old limbs were nourished and supported by timber brought from the old. mansion ; the fairest flowerB had been transplanted to a more genial soil ; the most promising trees naa iouna outer nomes ; ana gradually yet surely as the years rolled on, so did the desolation spread and fructify, till the very walls— strong and sturdy ones too they were— seemed as if they were becoming ashamed of standing so long while all else was going to decay. How could suoh a doom have fallen on the wasting edifice ? Same said one thing, some another, but the general opinion seemed to be that this little estate was in obanoery, a very satisfactory way of accounting for its ruinous condition. Traditions there were, many and wild ones, of former owners, of their fortunes and their fates, but as I have said, all those who if living, might have re membered its prosperity, were now sleeping in the little grave yard which encircled the Village, church. For many years the work of decay went on ; the worm of de struction eat its way through the corroding timbers, and the quaint old edifice looked as if it would not much longer cumber tbe earth, when there oame a sudden and unexpected reprieve ; a report, originated no one knew how or where, that " Fairyfield" was about to be inhabited, and for once Madam Rumour was cor-, rect. A number of tradesmen from the village, and even from the adjoining town were set to work; windows and doors were re paired ; the walks were oleared of the grass whioh had overgrown them ; the fences restored, and everything done whioh could be accomplished in haste, to induce an air of comfort and re spectability ; to replace the gloum which like a cloud of ill omen had so long brooded over the deserted mansion. It did not so soon transpire who the new occupants were ; the only attorney who honored the village with his presenoe (fortunate inhabitants 1 if they had had a seoond they would soon have been a ruined people), and who had acted as the superintendent of the repairs, was too reserved to be very oommunioative, and as the old- house gradually assumed a more cheerful aspect, and one by one the workmen oompleted their tasks and departed, the public excite ment rose to a most alarming pitch, and at any hour of the day or night the sound of oarriage wheels would have drawn the whole population to their doors and windows. This state of suspense continued for some time, but like all things earthly, had at length a neriod. One fair summer's evening, a postohaise drove up to the door of the solitary inn, and three individuals alighting from it were reoeived by the agent of Fairyfield, and amid the bowing and scraping of the whole household, were ushered into the home. As the sun had set and even the glow of - twilight was fading away before the \- coming darkness, the gossips who were fortunate enough to cateh a glimpse of the new arrivals, could add very little to (heir ipfor mation, save that they were all dressed in mourning and that two of the number were mere children. While they were guessing and oonjeoturing. in the npat little parlor of the inn, the guests were resting from the fatigues of their journey ; >nd the worthy attorney was detailing all that he had done to ipake their future ?$9i4et)ce comfortable, little dreaming all the while how far their thoughts were wandering, and how carelessly they were attending to his aocounts of the old house, which with all the charms of no velty to beautify aod to adoru.it, could not effaoe the many re membrances of a sweeter and a happier home. The eldest of the three travellers was a woman who, although past the prime of life, had not yet attained that age when beauty begins to yield to the pressure of the great destroyer, and -when even the most partial eye cannot imagine the exiBtenoe of those delicate charms, once so lovely — so admijred. Not uneventful had been the life of Mary Harrington ; a beauty and an heiress, she had early wedded one whom she had thought worthy of her hand and fortune. As is but too often the case, love had thrown over her eyes a veil, which was woven of. a gauze so frail, that ere twelve months had passed from the day of her marriage, ' she found that her day-dreams and visions of happiness were phantoms as unreal as those which by night hovered round her pillow. Acre after acre of her broad landB melred away, was'ed by her husband in extravagant dissipa tion, and she found herself at the age of thirty-five a widow with but a small relic of her once princely fortune, and Fairyfield, whioh her anoestors had abandoned to decay when they became the pos sessors of a nobler home. But 'tis while passing through the bitter trials of. adversity that whatever is heavenly in woman's nature more truly displays itself, and the years' which had passed over her sinoe, a timid and inexperienced girl, she had pledged her faith at the altar, and the many trials which she had endured, all had strengthened her mind, and lovely-gentle as ever, and yet deter mined and resolute, she looked her difficulties boldly in the face, and decided accordingly. Ere her unhappy husband was eold iu his grave, she had abandoned the magnificent home whioh was yet nominally her's, and having sent instructions that Fairyfield should be made habitable, she resolved to take up her residence there, and devote the coming yearo to her children — two in number, a son and a daughter— the former aged about eleven, the Tatter nine years. 'Tis but rarely if ever that a woman forgets the man to whom fthfi Anna pava ha hparf anf) pmhitforori aa had haen thft atiaa O — y —w - — w promising life of Mrs. Harrington by the errors and follies of her husband, yet now that he was dead— now that that face, once so loved, had gone from before her— now that that voice, every accent of wbioh bad been erst so treasured, was hushed for ever — the past was forgotten ; she remembered him but as the lover of her girlish days, the husband of her womanhood, and the father of her chil dren. Influenced by suoh feelings she needed not the eloquent pencil of the arti3t or the ohisel of the sculptor to preserve the memory of the dead ; she had but to look upon the features of her living son, and there before her were the well loved lineaments of him who — now mouldering in the grave — had once been blessed with the peerless gift of her first, purest, and only affections. But naturally partial as- was the fond mother to one who so forcibly re minded her of the dead, yet at times her heart was stricken with a pang, when she thought that even already she could discern the feeble germ of those passions and these habits which had ruined his father ; and to preserve hiin for herself, while yet she could, untainted and unharmed, she determined wholly to exile herself from the 'capital — vainly hoping that the cares, the anxieties, and the temptations of the world could be excluded from the precincts of a secluded country village. But amid all her doubts and fears, she had yet one bright, un sullied hope, as she clasped her daughter to her heart, the very breath of the child, which warmed the pale cheek of the mother, seemed like the perfume laden breezes of the East, to be redolent of the fragrance of comfort and of joy. A fair and lovely girl waB Margaret Harrington — a veritable 1 pearl " — in whose face there was suoh a look of so much of heavenly purity and innocence, that beautiful as were her features, they were less attractive than that bewitching expression. You might have sent her forth alone upon a pilgrimage to the distant, realms of earth — hone could have found the heart to harm her. There' was in her bright blue eye, in her sweet and joyous smile, a Talisman more potent than any ever woven by magicians' spells. Yet she ' was not a model child. Chasing a butterfly was to her an employment much more agreeable than that of hunting through their different moods and tenses the ir regular verbs, as chronicled by the venerable Lindley Murray ; and she would forget all the ideas of grace and dignity whieli her mother sought to instil into her mind, at the sight of a bird, txtVv aoq i rtt aii a navnl oonmo/1 Ktif in nvnvnqo tho fcxnliri era nf Via nnrn TT IIW4W JWJVUll WUI V» UV«MVU UU« IV VMV 1VV«IUW V» MVS V " M blithe little heart ; or if, as she walked slowly by that parent's side, there came through the air the perfume of wild flowers, whioh could not be found or gathered without some little difficulty. But wayward as she often was, yet her nature was so gentle and so loving, her voice so Boothing, and her love so pure and so artless, that dearer than all else on earth was she to that widowed mother ; and a stranger once said — wjth some truth, perhaps— that her principal charm was her youth, for that she bad not yet lived enough to forget the heaven which she -had forsaken to become a child of earth. Suoh were the new occupants of Fairyfield, whoBe fortunes it is now our task to follow. It cannot be doubted that the old house made every exertion to look its best and gayest, under the influence of a clear sky and bright sun, when under the guidance of the attorney, Mrs. Har rington and her ohildren walked through the village and on to their future home. But although every man, woman, and child in the neighbourhood admired the renovated look of the venerable fabric, and wondered how so much could have beefi done in so short a time ; yet to tell the truth it looked dreary and gloomy enough in the eyes of its new oooupants, for like all old things, patch them as you will, you oannot restore even the appearance of youth, and the long abandoned mansion, with its time-worn look and faded re spectability, brought back a painful remembrance of the more ebeerful home whioh they had once enjoyed But the determined spirit of Mrs. Harriugton soon taught her resignation, and we all know that children enjoy the precious gift of being able to make themselves at home anywhere, before a month had passed away, the new denizens of Fairyfield were established in their new donsi cile, the wives of the curate and the lawyer (the rector, of course, was an absentee) had called upon Mr. Harrington and she had returned their visits, for amid the dreariness of the first few weeks she found a solace in the company of others ; and the cheerful spiritof the clergyman's .lady, who with her husband and family, were living and laughing on an income of seventy pounds per annum, was no less attractive than the mild and yet impressive example of her UvUOs ViailtUIf WUU UttU uiuurutiu as IIUUO UUk UlUbUOr Unll ujuur&l; 1 over every child with which heaven had blessed her, and yet lived on eontented if not happy, bowing with resignation to the ohas- tenings of the divine hand, and soothing her deeply wounded heart with the hope of one day rejoining her ohildren in heaven. And while the young Marmaduke Harringtop was duly and regularly sent to the only day sohool of the village, and his mother demoted herself to the edueation of her little daughter, the light ness of summer faded into the more subdued tints of autumn, which w«jre in turn displaced by the frowns and gloom of winter ; and as each season in its tnrn brought with it pleasures and amusements, no less pleasing beoanse they were novel, a spirit of tranquil and peaceful happiness descended from the heaven in which it had been nurtured, and was received with open arms by the denizens of Fairyfield. Chapter the Second. " Unless you are perfeot in that task before sunset, you cannot go to Fairyfield to-night," said Mr. Crawford, the schoolmaster of the village, addressing his son, a youth of some sixteen years of age, whp, seated before him, was diligently studying a volume of old Homer. He raised his head sb his father spoke, displaying a countenance already grave and thoughtful. Opposite to him was a window which opened to the west, and as be looked forth for an instant, a smile so radiant lit up his features that you would have thought him suddenly changed by some magio art. The sun was yet high in the heaven, and he knew his own powers too well to fear that the punishment of failure should this time at leaot befall him. His glance was but momentary ; as the smile faded, so did his head incline, till it again bent over the Bong of the immortal minstrel, and he resumed his labour. Humble and poor and industrious as was Mr. Crawford, yet ho was no common man ; althongh all his strength lay in theory and not in practice, his intellect was gigantic, but nature had not gifted him with the power of applying it to the ordinary purposes of life. As he walked the earth "a dreamer," he had lived in a world of his own, and too late had found out the great error of his life. In his old age he was poor and almo-t unknown, the friends of his youth were dead or scattered over the earth, and weary of the world to which he was bound by one tie alone, he sought in solitude that rest which age requires, content so that he could but live until he had trained bis son and launched him forth upon the wilderness of the earth to be more practical and more fortunate than his father. To aid his purpose, he had early instilled into the boy's mind the idea that he had his own fortune to make, and he kept him rigidly to his task. Many a harsh punishment for some act of childish waywardness did he infl ct, and the pupils often remarked that let who would escape the consequences of an error, Walter Crawford was sure to suffer. But although the old man had thus schooled bis mind to severity — although his oold look and words of stern reproof were a terror to the boy whom he thus t.mat.Ad. vAt iiavap umn inn Hflamp t.n n. fathftr'a heart than was that lad. When school was over, and they had the house to themselves, while the one Btudied the other would sit opposite t > him, and UBseen by any eye would gaze on features whioh were doubly loved. - They were not only the lineaments of his living son, but as he looked he could trace the likeness of one at whote grave he bad mourned and wept years before— of her whose love had been the refuge of many a dreary hour, when blighted hope anp ruined prospeots had sickened him of the world in which he dwelt. But even then be restrained himself, and it was only in the solitude of hiB own chamber that the old man gave full indulgence to tho thoughts and hopes which he cherished of the tuture. How he clung to health and life— how he shielded himself from the cold blasts of winter and the too fervent heats of summer, lest some sudden disease should remove him from earth, ere he bad seen the accomplishment of his wishes, or had reaped the reward of all hiB self-denial in the fame and honora of his son. And Walter, the object of so much care and anxiety, how did he repay all this toil ? Of a lively and active temperament, there were moments when he repined at the stern training to which he was subjected ; but such thoughts were not of long continuance, young as he was be had long since penetrated the old man's secret, and seen the warm love which was concealed beneath the mask of severity, and earnestly did he return that affection, aod vow within himself that in after years he would gladden that aged heart and so act that he should bless the hour in which God had given him a son. With Mrs. Harrington Walter Crawford soon became a favorite, her interest beiug first excitedby the account of her son, who had told her of the master's child, whom all the boys so dearly loved, and whose father alone seemed to hate him. Compassion for one who seemed so friendless, induced her to invite him to her house, and although she soon learned how unnecessary was her pity, yet hia high spirit — his tone of generous and noble feeling, attracted her esteem, and more than once .'she caught herself saying, " Would that my Marmaduke Were like this boy and in the hope that her son wonld imitate the character and disposition of his companion, she had encouraged the attachment which appeared to exist between them. There was yet another inmate of Fairyfield who evinced no little partiality for the company of the poor school master's son, and we question much whether the affectionate and motneriy welcome or iVlrs. Warrington or tne ooisterous giee oi ner son, were half so precious to young Crawford as the sweet' gentle smile with which Margaret greeted his arrival, I would like to learn from some one of those philosophers who know everything, at what time of life do we men first discover that there are in the world those of a different sex, towards whom we entertain feelings not bearing the slightest resemblance to those with which we regard affectionate mothers and indulgent old aunts, When the light suddenly breaks in npon our minds, and we find out that strangers may be infinitely dearer to us than the little sister whoBe infant steps we have aided to support, or the blue-eyed cousin from the country who looked on us as something of a superior race, because we lived cramped up in a city. I confess my utter igno rance ; all that I can say beiDg that, if Walter Crawford was not what is commonly called "in love" with Margaret Harrington, he was in a very fair way of tumbling over head and ears in it in a few more years, when the graoetul simple beauties of the child should have matured into the more fascinating and not less lovely charms of the maiden yet in her teens. As to the fair lady's -thoughts, as lam not in her confidence, I may be excused from saying anything about them. And now that I have introduced my prinoipal characters, I will go on with my story. In the land of which I write, he it known to all, that jolly old Christmas never thinks of introducing himBelf with a hot wind or a thermometer marked 97 in the shade. On the contrary, he is generally a rough, wild, cold, old gentleman, whose breath is so very ioy that it induces every one to gather round the fire, and hail the presence of the " yule log," sparkling and crackling in the fire, as one of not the least comforts of the merry season. Tho days are short and the sun, if he does condescend to come out, finds every thing so black that he is glad to turn in again as soon as possible. Then the evenings— dreary, long, and dark, indeed they are, but what of that?— there are rioh and warm fires and loving hearts gathered around them ; and though the cold wind moans without, and the thickly falling snow covers hill and valley, yet within doors there is cheerfulness and comfort, and the song goes round and the merry jest, blithe spirits cheers it as it flies, and every one agrees that there is no season like old wintry, dreary, dear jolly Christmas. It was on a Christmas eve that Walter Crawford, having com pleted all his labors to the satisfaction of his father, set out alone to share in the merriment whioh was going on in the mansion of Fairyfield. The evening was cold, and a chill breeze moaned as if in wailing for the departing year, but the sky was clear and frosty, and myriads of bright stars shed a faint and glimmering lustre upon the well known path ; althongh there was nothing very costly or elegant in the youth's attire, yet his own natural taste had taught him neatness, and as his eye sparkled and his oheek flushed with the anticipation of coming pleasure, you might have seen many an heir of a noble house not half bo handsome or so noble- looking as the poor ion of the village schoolmaster. And as with light and. > buoyant steps he left his heme and went along the street, thete. was one who watched him even after the gloom of evening had hid him from his view, and there was a tear in the old man's eye as ' he threw himself in his ehair ; and while his fire flickered and burned dim, -he dreamed visions of snob hope — of suoh a glorious future, that scarcely anywhere save in a dream could they hope to be realised. Along the village streets — now down a narrow lane — again across a field — now bounding over awall — and now springing lightly over a low hedge, on went Walter Crawford, and ere many minutes bad elapsed from his leaving his home he found' himself within the little demesne of Fiiryfield. How gay and joyous looked the old house, as if it had lor this one night thrown off ail the weight of years, and determined to be youthfnl again ; there were lights above and there were lights below, and now and then, shadows crossed the windows, and Walter, as he walked up the avenue, puzzled himself trying to recognise the figures which were thus for one brief moment visible. 