THE SPANIARD IN LONDON ON THE SABBATH DAY. [El Clamor contains articles on London, sufficiently aniU'ing as written caricatures. One, chiefly relating to the observance of the Lord's Day, may be judged of by the following extract. After a ridiculous burlesque, des unuiug |-i-ucemen as rapping ai aoors to proniDit persona wilhin from playing ou musical instruments, the cari caturist proceeds to make English customs known to the Spaniard?.] The temples consecrated to this rigid Protes tantism are all open at the same time, and every one may go in search for aliment for his iouI. aud the bread of the Gospel word. Attendance is large everywhere. Persons of all classes and ages attend Sunday worship with punctuality. Some go to their own parish church, others to their -favourite church, for there is no devotion so sincere as not to yield sometimes to a worldly motive, and to the lure of a secret inclination. It often happens that the name of the orator determines the choice of the temple, and fashion and curiosity there, as in other places, exercises great influence. London churches, to attract the faithful, do the same as the theatres, and the preachers proceed like dramatic and lyric artists, making use of hand-bills of the same kind as for plays, on which, distributed with profusion through the city, and posted in the principal tho roughfares, you may read, for example: — 'The Reverend Wilkinson will preach in St Martin's Church on Sunday next : the text of his sermon will be the following passige of Scripture — * Do unto others as thou wouldest they should do unto thee.' ' And, as the representation of a comedy is repeated when it has had a good reception, so a sermon that produces a lively impression on the faithful, is announced for the first, second, third, and fourth time, until they are satisfied. The ministers of the Anglican Church live like other citizens ; they marry, become fathers, keep company, and frequent places of public amusement. The character with which they are invested does not impose on them any particular obligation. The younger ones, without any regard to their position, advantageously tie the hymeneal knot, availing themselves of carnal eloquence to gain their ends. Some reverend bachelors cut a great dash, keep their carriages, have splendid mansions, where they receive the best company during the season, and a country seat, where they pass all the vacations. London has beautiful churches without number, and all of them surrounded with enclosutes conse crated for burials. There are no other cemeteries, so they bury the dead in the streets and in the public squares of the city. Sometimes, in the most crowded quarters, the church and the burial ground around it are shut up between two streets, so that the backs of the houses serve as walls to the graveyard ; the windows open on the dwelling of the dead, and the gravestones are laid against the walls of the habitations as high up as the windows. When the funeral enclosure does not reach the neighbouring habitations, it is separated from them only by a very narrow space. The inhabitants have this sorrowful scene always before their eyes, for they are daily working at the graves, digging new ones, and depositing the coffins ; so that they have to live amidst a most repugnant spectacle, ever sur rounded with lugubrious sights and with an infected atmosphere. If 'any one expresses surprise at this, and asks how it comes to pass that the dead are buried amongst the living, the answer is, that ' it is an established custom, and therefore sacred and inviolable ; wherefore, despite civilisation, progress, and the exigency of the time, we preserve these an cient fashions. This may seem ridiculous to you, but believe me, Sir, that, at the bottom, there is something profitable, useful, and healthful in it.' This is English politics, and it is vain lo ask any other explanation of a multitude of irregularities and vanities; as, for example, the old wigs that judges and barristers wear, like those of the time of Louis XV., although they now consist of white hair, or thread, in imitation of powdered locks No one thinks of opposing this grotesque fashion* although young counsellors, who have fine bead*' of hair, are careful to wear the wig cocked on one side, that their natural ornament m«y be visible from underneath, while the old men pull it down over their ears like a nightcap. The ancient text of the laws is as much respected as the old wigs are venerated by the men of justice, It sometimes happens that the dusty jurisprudence of past times conflicts with new ideas, and is somewhat contrary to modern customs ; but it is also true that, by an admirable compensation, this respect for the law, carried out even to superstition, is the safeguard of the interests of all the citizens. There is not a country in the world where the right of every one is guarded so scrupulously as ia England, especially in what concerns property, personal liberty, and the inviolability of the dwelling. Dickens, it is calculated, received 2s. 6d. for every word in hU last work, 'The Ghost's Bar gain.' 