Phkhat's tlioru is no portion of tho British empiro actually occupied by civiliscfl men, whore tho-mngis- tnitos arc so totally senseless and ignorant of their duties as Justices, as arc those of Van Dienien's 1 .....i JjililU. This is a most painful conclusion to 'arrive at, hut we can draw no other from all wo have seen and known during fifteen years' experience in this colony. That thero are many to whotn this observation will not apply, we know, and they will not feel offended by our remarks ; to those who feel conscious of their ignorance, we say — read, learn, and understand, so that you may no longor display such wretched igno-' ranee, such miserable subserviency, by which you are daily perpetrating wrongs you never. can remedy, and sacrificing the dignity of a bench which should over remain unsullied. No unpaid Justice need be ignorant of his public duties if he is possessed of oven common intel lect, for tiiero are now books and manuals of ovory kind for bis guidance, not only English publications, but those by Mr. Kochcr and others, by which such reading is made easy in Ynu Dieinen's Land.., . Whether their Worships like it or not, wo take the iberty of advising them to devote a portion of their time to the study of their duties as magistrates, so that they may not have to seek instruction on all occasions from the stipendiary Justices, who, in several districts, -arc as ignorant as themselves. We are fully aware, that since the appointment of police' magistrates, the great majority of the unpnid have acted as mere subordinates, wo may say auto matons, arid' lamentable indeed lias been the conse quences to both free and bond, to the latter especially, because their sentences and punishments have been left to one man in each district, and in one instance, to which we need not more particularly allude, to a man who, from his wild tyrannical temper, is most unfit for the exercise of such despotic authority. Tho only check he can have upon his acts, is by the unpaid magistrates never forgetting that they have rights which it is positively disgraceful in them to com promise. As we desire to be understood, we trust to be excused going at .some length into this subject, it being one of the first importance. The better way, perhaps, will be to begin at the beginning, and so onward. As our readers are aware, there are three grades in the police magistracy, — the Chief Police, the Police, and the Assistant Police Magistrates. We will be gin with the Chief. Sorry are we, indeed, to bo com pelled to repeat what we have asserted many years, that the unpaid Justices generally, out of IJohart Town , seldom or ever remember that they should have nothing whatever to do with this functionary — -that their chiefs aro the Chairman of the Sessions, and the. Judges — that they degrade their magisterial dignity when they acknowledge any other authorities than the laws, their Chairnmu, the Judges, and the Representative of the Sovereign, by whom they aro honoured with their commissions. This is tho fact, and it is lamentable to hear of appeals to tho Chief Police Magistrate, and continual differences and complaints which, if desorving notice at all, should be brought forward in Sessions in a manner suited to tho dignity of the bench. Of course, we, are aware .this cannot last long, because with free institutions comes emancipation from that police superiority which is now most degradingly permitted by those who appear to have no self-respect, and who look upon a police magistrate as a being beyond the com mon, and before whose dictum they are bound to bow with homage. With this'subservient feeling generally prevalent, the Chairman of the Sessions is forgotten ; but pre sently ho will be elected, and then that discreditable circumstance will vauish, as will, and must, many others of a similar character, growing out of a system of what has been onllod prison discipline, by which Britisli feeling and the real essence of British laws "have been smothered or superseded by measures of expediency.. It is not surprising that this subserviency of the' unpaid Justices to tho Police should be checked by its Chief. It was not likely that be should put a check-string upon the power of his office ; and so long as his appointment is looked upon as superior to any other by the independent Justices (as they are sometimes called), so long will the system continue. Next tho polico magistrates. These gentlemen being (except in Ilobart Town) Deputy Chairmen of the Sessions, are, of course, in sessions , tho senior Justices of their several districts ; but this also .will end with frco institutions, when their secondary dignity will sink. Tho assistant polico magistrates are not deputy chairmen of tho sessions, and there fore tlioy have no right to the chair either in or out of sessions or petty sessions, although they are per mitted by tho courtesy of the unpaid to occupy it in the police offices. Several of these persons have been known to claim it as a matter of right, and well they may, when they have in so many districts mere auto matons to deal with. The circumstance would not he worth noticing so Tar as their Worships aro per-: senally concerned, but looking with, respect to the dignity of tho British magistrate's position, we sorrow over such debasing evidence of tho poverty of spirit which alone can induce this humiliation. We re member when a police magistrate (now of Rich mond) told an unpaid Justiec on the bench, he had not sent for him, that ho did not want him, and that he, the unpaid, should not interfere in tho caso. Mr. John Clark, tho gentleman wo refer to, feeling tho insult, appealed to tho then Chief Polico Magistrate, and of course tho redress (?) ho received was addi tional insult. Tho same person had tho assurance to command a Lieutenant, on half-pay, of tho Royal Navy (Mr. Wettonhal), a justice of the peace in tho Richmond district, to keep silonce, as he was his superior officer, although he (the P.M.) is no officer at all, having sold out of tho army soon aftor the affair of the Lotus, and his appointment to civil office in. Yan Diemcn's Land! We pas9 on to the Deputy Clerks of the Peace. Over them, as such, no assistant police magistrate can have the least legitimate power, because they aro not deputy chairmen of sessions. Again, we say, it makes us sorrowful to think how little theso matters are understood, when tho lives, properties, characters, and interests of both free and bond aro affected by their knowledge, or their unpardonable ignorance. For the purposes. of the Amended Licensing Act, or, at least, in order to carry out the amendments made about a year since by the Lieutenant-Governor's proclamations, the police clerks in almost all the sub- districts, were made deputy clerks of tho peace. In that office they are perfectly independent of tho assis tant police magistrate, excopt as keeper of certain rcuords for which ho is liable. This fact is, howover, so little understood, that tho other day when an application for a license had been received by the Deputy Clerk of tho Peace of the Brighton district, it was sent back by Mr. Forster as " too late," with which circumstance ho, as assistant police magistrate, had no more to do than wo have. Wo cannot pursue this subject further at present, but cannot leavo it without again imploring tho ma jority of their Worships throughout the colony to read, mark, and understand their duty. We pray them most respectfully to remember that when they arc made justices of the peace, although in Yan Dieinen's Laud, they become British magis trates, not mere machines, shadows, flitting cither here and there, the ghosts of what they should be, the mere signature men for double cases, the official screens for hiding tho faree of penal discipline or for punishments undeserved, — we beg them to remember this, in justice to the community generally, which lias a right to look to them for justice and protection. 