MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. THE second of a series of Select Dramatic Readings was given by W. G. Elliston, Esq, on Tuesday evening last, in the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute, to a crowded and fashion- able audience.' The tragedy of " Hamlet" was chosen on the present occasion. To relieve Mr. Elliston, it was arranged that before and between the acts of the play some choice musical pieces should be performed, and in accordance with this arrangement Mrs. Elliott presided at the organ, I and performed in her usual effective style. From the numerous criticisms which have been made upon the play and character of Shakespeare's Hamlet, Mr. Elliston said he would endeavour to select a few passages to aid the judgment of the audience before proceeding to the dramatic reading of such portions u time would admit. Henry Mackenzie, a charming writer of works of Action and who, in conjunction with other literary characters, published in 1780 a series of essays under the title of "The Mirror," and afterwards the "Lounger," has in the former series of papers (Not. 99 and 100) given a very elaborate and elegant criticism on the character of Hamlet. He very heartily recommended it to their perusal. This author says-" Of all the characters of Shakespeare, that of Hamlet has been generally thought the most difficult to be reduced to any fixed or settled principle. With the strongest purposes of revenge, he is irresolute and inactive. Amidst the gloom of the deepest melancholy, head gay and jocular; and while he is described as a passionate lover he seems indifferent about the object of his affections. "'the basis of Hamlet's character seems to be an extreme sensibility of mind, apt to be strongly impressed by its situation, and overpowered by the feelings which that situation excites. Naturally of the most virtuous and most amiable disposition, clio circumstances in which he was placed unhinged those principles ', of action which, in another situation, would have delighted mankind and made himself happy. that kind of distress which has sufferer was,' beyond all others, calculated to produce this effect. A His misfortunes were not the misfortunes of accident, which, though'. they may overwhelm at first, His mind will soon call up reflections to alleviate, and hopes to cheer ; they were such as reflection only serves to indicate, such as rank in the soul's tenderest parishes sense of virtue and feelings of a natural affection. They arose from an uncle's villany, a mother's guilty of father's murder! " Yet, amidst the gloom of melancholy, and the agitation of passion in which his calumnies involve him. there are occasional breakings-out of a mind richly endowed by nature and cultivated by education. We perceive gentleness in his demeanour, wit in his conversation, taste in his amusements, and wisdom in his reflections." Charles Knight, one of the most recent commentators upon Shakespeare, and a perfect devotee of that great - genius, remarks of this play, that " in some shape or other I Hamlet the Dane' very early becomes familiar to almost every youth of tolerable education. The sublime scenes wherein the ghost appears are known even to the youngest school-boy in his Speakers' and Readers ; and so is the soliloquy . To be, or not to be.' As we, in early life, become acquainted with the complete play, we hate the King, we weep for Ophelia, we think Hamlet is cruel to her, we are. perhaps, inclined with Dr. Johnson to laugh at Hamlet's madness, we wonder that Hamlet does not kill the King earlier, und we believe, as Garrick believed, that the catastrophe might have been greatly improved, seeing that the wicked and the virtuous ought not to fall together, as it were, by accident." The history of Hamlet, the supposed source of Shakespeare's plot, is found in the Danish historian, Saxo Grninmuticus, who died about the year 1901. The works or this author are in Latin, and in Shakespeare's time had not been translated into any modern language; whence it has been inferred that Shakespeare must have read the original. The story, however, is to he round in Belleforest's collection of novels, begun in 1861; and an English translation of this particular story was published as a quarto tract, entitled " The Historic of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark." Horvendileis here the name of Hamlet's father, Benson that of his uncle, and Cirith that of his mother. Fengoii traitorously says Horvendile, and marries his brother's wife. In the 2nd chapter we are informed "how Hamlet counterfeited madness to escape the tyranny of his uncle, and how he was tempted by a woman (through his uncle's procurement), who thereby thought to undermine the Prince, and by that means to find out whether he counterfeited madness or not." In the 3rd chapter we learn how Fciigon, uncle to Hamlet, a second time to entrap him in his political madness, consciences his councillors to be secretly hidden in the Queen's chamber, behind the news, to hear what speeches past between Hamlet and the Queen, and how Hamlet killed him, and escaped that danger, and what followed. It is in this part of the action that Shakespeare's use of this book may be distinctly traced. Capel I says-" Amidst this resemblance of persons and circumstances, it is rather strange that none of the reuter's expressions have got into the play; and yet, not one of them is to he found, except in the following: in chapter 3, where Hamlet kills the Counsellor (the Poet's I'olonius) behind the arms-here, beating the hangings, and perceiving something to stir under them, he is made to cry out 'a rat, a rut,' and presently drawing his sword thrust it into the huiiguigs,-which done, pulled the Counsellor, half dead, out by the heels, and made an end of killing him" in the 4th chapter, Hamlet is sent to England by Feiigon with secret letters to have him put to death," and, while his companions slept, Hamlet counterfeits the letters, willing the King of England to put the two messengers to death." Here ends the resemblance between the history and the play. The Hamlet of the history returns to Denmark, says his uncle, burns his palace, make an oration to the Danes, and is elected King. His subsequent adventures are rather extravagant. He goes back to England, kills the King of that country, returns to Denmark with two English wives, and, finally, falls himself through the treachery of one of these ladies. The period of Hamlet's history was before the Norman conquest, when England was either under the sovereignty of the Northern, us in the time of Canute, or paid tribute to the Danish power. A word or two upon the costume and fashion of the period he (Mr. Elliston) considered might not be uninteresting. Strutt and other writers upon this particular subject observe, that the dress of the Danes during the tenth and eleventh century differed little, if any thing, in shape from that of the Anglo-Saxons. Arnold, of Lubeck, who wrote about 1127, says they had become wearers of scarlet, purple, and fine linen;" and Wdlliiutford, another early writer, says, the Danes were effeminately gay in their dress, combed their hair once a day, Imihcd once a week, endorsed changed their attire. Of' their pride in their long hair, and, of the care they took of it, several anecdotes have been preserved. Harold Harfugre, that is fair locks, derived his name from the beauty of his long flowing ringlets, which are said to have hung down to his girdle, and to have been like silken or golden threads; and these precious curls he made a vow to her mistress to neglect till he had completed the conquest of Norway for her late. in the Anglo-Saxon poem of Beowulf we And " The long-held done, illustrious in battle, The blight lord of the Mass." And the Knyghtlinga Saga describes Canute's hair as profuse. That monarch is represented as wearing a tunic and music, the latter fastened with cords or ribands, and tassels. He wears shoes and stockings reaching nearly to the knees, with embroidered tops, or it may be distresses or pantaloons, with an embroidered band beneath the knee, for the drawing being uncoloured leaves the matter in doubt. When Canute's body was examined at Winchester, in 1760, it WAS adorned with several gold and silver hands, and a wreath or circlet was round his head. A jewelled ring was upon one finger, and in ence his hands a silver penny, bracelets of massive gold were worn by all persons of rank, and their most sacred earth before their conversion to Christianity was by their " holy bracelet ;" a sacred ornaments of this kind being kept on the altars of their gods, or worn round the arm of the priest. After taking the prologue of the players in Hamlet, " For us, and for our tragedy, Here stooping to your clemency, We beg your hearing patiently, Air. Elliston then proceeded to read the most beautiful passages of the Tragedy. It does not come within our province to follow Mr. Elliston through the whole of the production. It can only be said that nearly the whole of the tragedy was given in an effective and masterly manner. It must be borne in mind, however, -and the tintnist.ikeable expression of the feelings of the audience during the evening will bear out the statement, that we do not bestow our simple and direct approbation upon the reading of each character singly, but rather upon the happy exercise of that judgment which, while adhering faithfully to the text and the leading philosophy of the muster-poet, sought not to depreciate the identity of the one, although exciting our admire tion of the other. He discarded that which might have been regarded as surplusage by some, but retained all essentials steadily prominent. It only remains, to say that every one present experienced much pleasure, and that Mr. Elliston was warmly congratulated upon his success. 