Handicaps. BT HAunY utKorsK. I fFrom tho October Sporting Magazine.) I In alluding to this subjoct, I hopo it will bo horno in mind by every person that I in noshapo contemplate offering advico or instruction to tho rentier. I do not oven pretend to bring forward n demonstration of facts ; I merely do that which every ono has a light to do-xtato tho view I tako of tho matter in hand. Thoso who think my ideas erroneous aro probably quito justified in such opinion ; and if such opinion emanated from any ono of better judgment than mysolf, and a truo well-wisher to tho turf, 1 should lis- ten with deference to his argument, and thank him for tho information. Tho fooling hesitation in giving an opinion arises quito as frequently from prido as it does from diffidenco ; indeed, much oftener so. Its. source is similar to that which1'often induces persons to refuse to sing when asked to do so not from fear that their cftorts may bo absolutely displeasing to others or tiresome to tho party, for that might bo avoided by singing a song of two short verses ; but tho refusal arises from tho vanity of not shewing that their vocal talontis nt best but mediocre, whereas a pretended cold, or the not having tho music at hand they aro accustomed to sing, leaves tho possibility that they may be superior performers-it ls thus often with persons deolining the promulgating of an opinion : their vanity makes thom dread hoing thought wrong, whilo at tho samo timo it is quito possiblo they have not temper or modesty enough to bo set right. Suppose it is thought, our opi< nion on any given subject is erroneous. What great harm can arise from it ? When offered as mero opinion, every man thinks erroneously on somo subjects ; and unless ho is blessed with tho ovorweaning vanity of holding hlmsolf iufalllblo on nil, ho has no. right'to be mortified if ho finds ho has taken a wrong viow of any particular matter. If his motives aro good, he will got credit for them-let that satisfy him. .? Suf- ficient for tho day is tho evil thereof'-so ought to bc tho credit.. ". I hopo I shall get this credit in vonturing my ideas respecting Handicaps. That many good and true sportsmen, and as such, strictly honourable men, mny think mo wrong, is no moro than I fully anticipate. That somb may think there is somo diing Uko reason in my ideas (taken as a whole). I venture to hope, and that another ollquo. will hoot atme and my ideas, altogether, I teol as certain as such demon- stration of their friendship worfd'*«>srelco!uo. Whether tho observations I máymako bo to- lerably just, aud tho suggestions -seaaiblo, or both futile will dopend in some'Toesumro on tho consideration in which we hold VBOtng, as re- gards its intents and purposes. If we nro to consider racing only ns ono amongst many other.modes of gaming, thon it becomes a matter bf perfect indifference to tho sportsman how it is carried on, for his end and aim in keoping.raco-horsoa ard totally dono away with;'fdr lot him show what'judgment ho may In breeding or purchasing his horses, and let him secure tho host trainer that ever brought a horeo to post, and tho best jockey to ndo for him, ho will, only experienco mortification and certain loss ; whilo raco-horses aro only held in tho light of a pack of cards, or dico and box, to bo slipped, hld, or cogged, by thoso export in such prácticos. While inch fueling ns now ani- mates tho majority, of those connected with the rnce-courso as at presont exists, tho getting pos- session .of'good hirse» will bo found" about as groat a misfortune 4» can happen to an honour- able man ; for if hó.-oscapes the effects of bribery br hocuaslng'(whiçh ho may depend upon It he will not for any; Ungth of timo), what does ho get by having n two thousand guinea nag Î-why, tho mortification <>f knowing-that ho is running with a field, a gniat portion of which aro not worth half that mm per dozen ; and probnbly sees somo splder<loggod wrotoh thnt hud been purchased ? for forty pounds enrry off a largo stako, from having nil but. nominal weight ou his or her back, while the'best' of horses ls severely puulsbod, and-perhaps broken down, from being loaded Uko á paclí- borse. ' ' I hnvo heard owners of horses not object to this ; hut, on tho contrary, nay-" tho more the merrier;" and I orion heard a gentleman make this vnunt in tho following terms I wish thero wero fifty such wretches lu tho raco ; I can boat them if tho;/ worn" turned loose." I beg to romark this was before tho nico. I saw a most rulhful countenance.after it, when bli horse was not placed. -We- will take another view of «oing, and.vna Uk . which som* I't-rsoai perhaps : «te vi«*-it, namely, as an amusement for the publie : -that ¡ill who in any way contribute their time, money, or accommodation, towards races, havea right to expect somo consideration in this particular, I am quito willing to allow ; and that handicaps bring ont largo fields. I do not attempt to dori y : and that a number of silk jackets please tho multitude, is still more certain.- But who is that iHnltitudo ? A particular caso will perhaps best shew what such multitude is composod of. Prior to a race meeting that took place near whero I at the timo resided, T interested myself to mako an additional strike, so as to bring out a fourth raco on tho la«t day. As all persons likely to dorivo advantago from the races-had subscribed .liberally to tho usual stake«, aa had tho gentlemen and many others-in tho neigh- bourhood, [ -determined not to propose any fur- ther draw on their .parses; So I »et to work "by making a list of a large number of: persona who I know always went to tho races, bat had not boen asked to subscribe, though wealthy trades- persons; Alt I wanted was thirty pounds, to add to. a .three sovereigns entrance With 'great difficulty, ont of a hundred and odd names, I mustered fifteen pounds - in accomplishing which, notwithstanding that I kissed nt least fifteen- children, I - got fifteen- hundred 'black looks. Ono greasy-beast told mo it was bad enough to pay a shitting for his vehicle going oh the ground, without being asked to subscribe. fit tu brute, thought I, knowing ho always took his wife nnd a host ot urchins, each day. - So mnoh for'tho multitude who, wo are told, ought to bo considered. I hold-it quito enough to allow such to look on if they chooso to do so, without troubling ourselves whothor they aro grntifiod by-what they seo or not. It is quito true that wo must in atl things go with the times, and bend to tho opinion of tim day, nnd thoso of tho day. It then becomes a matter of consideration as to what part of tho community wo aro to tiend as regards their opi- nion, for to please all is out nf the question, I consldor, therefore, tho question roorges into this, which (as rognrds racing) of tho throo fol- lowing classes should wo endeavour to pleato; encourage, and support-the true sportsman, tho legs, or tho' mob! For the welfare of the turf; my single ideas would lead mo to wish that tho first ruled it altogether ; that tho second did not rule it at all ; and that tho last only looked on as they do at St. Paul's or Mr. Green's balloons, both being quite indifferent os to what opinion may bo formed of them. To consider racing ns a moro source of sport- ing gratification to men of fortune, keeping race- horses has now, unfortunately, becomo quito an obsolete idea ; but that it was so in a great de- gree, at no very distant period, is not to bo do- llied, nnd that a laudable prido, in owning tho best horses,_ first brought it into usc, is quito clear ; for whero it originated, morely sonio honorary distinction was tho rowan! of tho win- ner. Such at loast wo infer to have been tho caso among tho Egyptians, with whom horse racing, wo have reason to believe commencod. Such racing, it is true, was with chariots ; but whether four horses are. harnessed to a wheeled vehicle, or one ridden by William Scott or Jambs Robinson, matters not as to the intent of tho race. It is certain that the mode of carrying on races has changed, and changed vastly for tho better. It is only to be lamented that the mo- tives and vlows that promote it haye not im- proved also ; but it is, far othcrwiso ; tho mo- tives havo changed from laudable ambition to dcspicnblo avarice and from that to confirmed rascality-perhaps from tho examplo of 'tho Egyptians, or at all events about the samo ern. Tho ttotnnna had their races. They introduced races for horses ridden ns well aa tho chariot races. Still honorary distinction was all that was sought for. But not to pnrsuo tho career of racing to a todious lone th, wo will poss on to tho reign of Henry tho Eighth, about which period race-courses woro first usod, that is, rogular courses on thc turf. Subsequent monarchs. James and Charles tho First, particularly en- couraged racing, and I believe it was during the latter reign that Newmarket first,shono asa prominent racing meeting. Still wo hear of nothing further than à silver cup being tho prlio ran for. To tho. second Citarlos wo owo tito first idea of regular training, and rogular weights for age Racing now assumed a system ; biit Still that system was only to bring oiit horses hs fit to mn as tho knowledgo of training at that timo permitted. Probably bots wore thon laid, and ns probably tho most knowing ones in turf affairs got tho-best of it ; his judgrriotit induced him to back tho best horse, and tho horse won; no man can find fault with that. Every man luis a right to boncfit by the attention he pays to any harmlos« pursuit ; and it is quito right the know- ing ones should win, provided tho best horse is allowed to win also : but tho honour of doing away with such old-fashioned notions remained with the last and first quarter of tho eighteenth and nineteenth centuries to achieve; and well, that is completely, hare they dono their work so complotoly that if a man runs to win races, ho is as sure to run to lose money in tho long run ns if ho throw a given sum loose on Now market-heath. Bad horses cannot pay him. and good ones will hot bo allowed to do so. - There are three coses now-n- days'in which a man ls nil but certain to Ipso his money :-Let him send a bad horso to an expensivo trainer, a good horse to a bad trainer, or a good horso to a good trainer, he will lose by tho first from oxpOnses, by tho second from ignorance, and by tho third ; 'from.rascal!ty tomewhere. It cnn be nb matter of surprise, notwithstand- ing this, that certain mon should keep^rnco-. horsos more than that thieves should keep pick look.keys; for they each in certain hands aro tools to get at money with. But enthusiastically, fond ns I nm of racing, candour obliges me to say that however great a fortune I might possets, I would no moro keep a string of horses in training now n-dnys than I would toko a thoatre," pay tho wholo expenses of it, and throw lt opon for tho bciiofit of all the scamps of London. - I would nut object to keop race-horses' on ac- count-' of their expense, for with fair play nnd fair luck, I oould measure tho extent of that tolerably -woll, and should know what I oould afford to pay for a favourite pursuit ; but I would doline to keep thom on the principle that I would not bo disappointed, robbed, and privately laughed at by a set of miscreants that wero fill- ing their pockets nt my oxprnso ; and this is something very Uko tho position in which tho owner of raco-horses stands, if ho is a man of character and honor. ; I havo,' in a very cursory way, traced racing to its origin. To show that betting, and the hope of gain, was riot tho'motivos that influ ' enced those who first patronized the turf, or at all event« horse-race« < and this I have dono in somo refutation ot the arguments tho interested mako uso of in support of their ideas, or at least assortions, that any thing that'might be dona to'diminish the valuo of stakes; or throw a damp on tho heavy betting, would ba Injurious to tho turf. May 1 ask suoh persons whether tho monstsr stakes that aro now run for always existed Î yet we had a bit of rnoing before such were thought of ; ayo, quito as good as we have had siiioo, qnito ns good; and certainly stouter horses, as good jockios, and almost as honest men, concornod with tho turf. I boUevo it will bo allowed that th» old Duke of (ii.ocnsbury, Duko of Grafton, Earls of Egremont, Orosveuor, LordSaokvillnjSii- Charles Bunbury, and fifty other names of tho shuni dst« wero tolerably fond of racing, kapt a horse or two, mid lind a smattering of knowledge of racing mattera, before a Derby or n Leger wss -thought of, and wer»-each. of them ton timos more enthusiastic In its pursuit as a sport than -all tho host .of low-irod.owuori of rac«-hur«»» that hnvo figured on tho turf since thoso Jays). ls it tb he supposed that noblemen of large for- tune care whether they tako up flvo Hundred or tho usual aggregate Derby sum. Not a whit : but they db caro rory much about not hayingihc pleasure of winning a nico, . Is it to lie supposed that tho hope bf winning a derby or Leger would tempt such a man as the Duke of Cleveland to koop race-hoses for the money such stakes might amount to i But suppose it did, what would be tho use of His knowing theró was siich A stake to be won', when ho knows his Very position in so- ciety would prevent hts horse having the ghost of a chancó of winning it. unless from particular circumstances tho money of à low-lived set lay I that, way T I.argo sukes will never bring such ! men aa. would be beneficial td tho turf lb it : but I not.haviiig^afair clianco of winning atiy stakes I will drive, and, has driven/ thom ott it'; I '' * f"7b 6« Continued.) 