LORD PALMERSTON'S POLICY IN THE MEDITERRANEAN. CFrom the Sunday Times.) 'It is the character of faction to attack a go vernment or an administration through thick -and thin, to refuse it credit for its wisest acts, to caricature its designs, and to throw ridicule and contempt on its members. This character has never been ours. Our blame or our praise has been based on our con victions, and it may often happen, as at pre sent, that we may feel ourselves under the necessity of putting forward on the self same day an attack and a defence of go vernment. We blame the home policy of ministers — we mean in reference to parti cular subjects — while we applaud their foreign policy, which is equally honourable to them as statesmen and as Englishmen. Strange to say, the Times, generally mi nisterial in what regards our domestic con cerns, is invincibly hostile to Lord Palraer ston. It adopted many years ago the creed of Lord Aberdeen, in which the leading ar ticle of faith was that we ought to allow foreign governments to act as they pleased even towards Great Britain and her sub jects. Fortunately, &uch; notions no longer regulate the movements of the Foreign - office. Lord Palmerston, consummate as he is, his statemanship, is still so thoroughly that of an Englishman that he is probably more distinguished for his patriotism even than for the profound wisdom of his policy. Whether defensibly or indefensibly, we must confess he throws some passion into his proceedings when the honour of Eng land or of any Englishman is at stake. Far be it from us to insinuate that anything but the calmest judgment guides him in the se lection of grievances to be made the subject of a representation to a foreign government ; but, when the existence of these grievan ces has been proved, he does not adopt the cold and chilly manner of Lord Aberdeen, which would be sure to bring down disap pointment, if not insult, upon the cabinet to which he belongs, but bestirs himself with a vigour and an energy altogether unknown to the tamer diplomatists of the Continent. We have already, on more occasions than one, explained to our readers the justice of the claims which Lord Palmerston has in structed our envoy at Athens to urge upon the consideration of the Greek government. These claims are ridiculed, though not at all cleverly or ingeniously, by the Times, which makes it a serious charge against M. Paci fico that he is poor, and a Jew. Highly honorable is it to Lord Palmerston that jus tice has more weight with him than with the Times, and that he is inaccessible to low considerations of caste or creed. We have yet to learn that a man ought to forfeit his rights as a citizen on account of his religious belief or of his poverty. We treat our poor badly enough at home, where Lord Palmer ston exerts comparatively little influence; but abroad where his influence is paramount the broad shield of England ia held before the breast of the poorest Englishman as well as of the richest. Neither does he abandon a British subject because he happens to be lieve in the Old Testament instead of the New, The Times, when it suits its pur pose, can ridicule the Bible, and jeeringly talk of building a new Solomon's Temple on the hill of the Areopagus. On this ex hibition of bad taste we make no remark ; but the country, we trust, will not be led by the sophistry of a mere political jester to under-rate the policy of that great minister whose name is held in the profoundest re spect throughout the civilized portion of both hemispheres. It is next insinuated that the object of the British fleet in the Mediterranean is to encourage fresh revolutionary outbreaks in Greece, Naples, and Tuscany. Lord Pal merston is able, no doubt, to look far ahead and probably knows, what is suspected by most persons, that revolution is inevitable in those countries. In that case the pre sence of a British fleet may possibly hasten the crisis ; but the. friends of humanity will not make this a heavy charge against his lordship. Any person who has visited any one of those countries will agree with us that the 'sooner 'their governments are destroyed the .better; Revolution is there not merely an excusable act but a duty, and if Great Britain assists those populations in recover ing their freedom great and lasting should be their gratitude. :Still{ it is obviously untrue that the Bri tish fleet is sent about to excite revolution ary movements. Its object is to afford a floating asylum to such British residents as might have their lives endangered by re maining on shore. Lord Palmerston knows what is due to his fellow-countrymen living in the' territories of foreign states, and, for tunately, is more solicitous for their preser vation than the conductors of our semi liberal journals at home. '.\A.t, the same time it must not be con cealed that the great point to be obtained by the demonstration in Greece is the re establishment ? of British .influence, which V 7 ?. had been undermined and nearly destroyed by Russia. That insidious and profligate power, which stands in awe of no rival but Great Britain, instructs its agents through out the globe to aim incessantly at hum gbling what it calls our pride, diininishin our commerce, and depreciating bur cha racter. In Greece its object was nearly ac complished, for Otho, surrounded by Ger mans, and Germanised Greeks, the worst enemies of England, readily consented to place himself in Russian leading-strings and insult the country to which chiefly Greece owes its independence. Now, Lord Palmerston could not, as an English statesman, stand quietly by'and see the perfidious game played to the end. That would have been inconsistent with his character. It bettei suited his temper, as well as the interest of his country, to fluster the conspirators before they had completely carried out their plot, for which the warm est thanks of the whole empire are due to him. He does not belong to that short sighted school of politicians who suppose wisdom to consist in abstaining from action. It may be this interference will terminate in war, to which, however, the opposite policy would have surely led. The only difference will be, that we shall now be prepared for it, should it come ; whereas, by pursuing the Aberdeen system of throwing the Foreign office into a mesmeric slumber, we might have been amused by the ghosts of peace and tranquillity up to the very moment of the unsheathing of the sword. Our would-be diplomatists of the press reckon confidently on the country's indo lence in whatever regards foreign politics, and the rights generally of war and peace. We are a commercial people, and industri ous people, and a thinking people, but we are decidedly not a political people. In ull cases we suffer others to think as well as act for us, which can alone account for the apathy we almost universally exhibit in whatever relates to the affairs of foreign states. Let it be remembered that the case against Greece is this :-— 1\. Its soldiers have entered and gutted the house of a British subject. 2\. The Greek government itself have seized on the house and gardens of another British subject. 3\. Soldiers, calling themselves banditti, have plundered nn Englishman oa the high way. 4\. The Greek government retains two islands belonging to Great Britain. 5\. The same government has secretly al lied itself with Russia, and sought, by all manner of base and underhand means, to destroy British influence in Greece. If these be not sufficient causes for Lord Palmerston's vigorous interference, we know not what would be thought to justify any demands made by one government upon another. Let our readers reflect on these things, and we feel assured they will be perfectly reconciled to Lord Pdlmerston'a policy. 