Select Poetry. TO THE MEMORY OF JOHN WILSON, THE VOCALIST. BY ROBERT GILFILLAN. Far on a foreign shore the Minstrel sleeps, His harp on willow branches all unstrung, Save when the breeze across it trembling sweeps, Faint echoes 'wakening of the strains he sung ! Not on the banks of Tweed's fair silver stream, Nor in some nook he rests on Forths's shore, His 'narrow house' 'mid strangers—soft his dream ! His dirge the Niagara's troubled roar! Who now shall swell thy songs, old Scotia dear ? The "Ewe-bughts, "Marion," Gowans in the Glen," "Farewell Lochaber" or the "Parting Tear." " Up, gallants, up ! we'll a' be Charlie's men. " A wee bird chirping cam to our ha' door Across the wide and wild Atlantic main, Sad was its song—' the voice is heard no more, That, dying, hath not left its like again!' The Bruce's charge— " Scots who with Wallace bled," Or "Bonny Tibby, I ha'e seen the day," "My love is like the rose all blushing red," Or Forest Flowers a' weeded are away ! If kindred spirits meet in better lands, A Ramsay, Ferguson, and Burns are there, To give him welcome with outstretched hands, Who of their fame divided half the share ! And thou great minstrel of the mighty North, Thy laurels spreading as wide-spread thy song, Wilt bid a vocal brother thus come forth, Who poured thy lays our woods and wilds among! And like the fabled bird that dying sings, In sweetest melody that singing dies, So WILSON, ere he spread his up borne wings Gave out his sweetest strains 'neath foreign skies ! The broom shall wave on Cowden's hills and plains, The heather bloom on uplands far and free, The song birds wake again their mellow strains What time that bud and blossom crown the tree. The mountains shall give forth their torrents strong, These to the sea shall fall in many a river, But WILSON, chieftain famed in Scottish song, Thy voice is hushed—to wake again, oh, never. THE ORIGIN OF BEARDS.—Van Hel- mont tells us that Adam was created without a beard, but that after he had fallen and sinned, because of the sinful propensities which he derived from the fruit of the forbidden tree, a beard was made for his punishment and disgrace, bringing him thus into near resemblance with the beasts towards whom he had made his nature approximate. The same stigma was not inflicted upon Eve, because even in the fall she retained much of her original modesty, and therefore deserved no such opprobrious mark. Van Helmont observes also that no good angel ever appears with a beard, and this he says is a capital sign by which angels may be distinguished—a matter of great importance to those who are in the habit of seeing them. He marvelled, therefore that men should suppose the beard was given them for an ornament, when angels abhor it, and when they see that they wear it in com- mon with he-goats. There must he something in his remark ; for take the most beautiful angel that ever painter designed engraver copied, put him on a beard, and the celestial character will be so entirely destroyed that the simple appendage of a tail will c c demonize the Eudæmos.—The Doctor. THE UPHOLSTERER BEE.—The family of bees includes the upholsterers, which excavate burrows in the earth for the reception of their eggs. These burrows they line with an elegant tapestry of leaves or flowers cut from the living plants. One of these bees selects the brilliant scarlet petals of the poppy for the drapery of her apartments. After having excavated a burrow about three inches in depth, and polished its sides, she flies to the poppies, cuts oval pieces out of their flowers, and returns to her cell with these portions so cut out be- tween her legs. The petals of poppies before they are fully expanded are much wrinkled ; the bee manages to smoothe out the wrinkles, and otherwise fit the pieces to the places thye are to occupy. Placing three or four coats at the bottom she overlays her walls with the brilliant tapestry, proceeding from below up- wards until the whole is covered. An egg is then depositad, a supply of food provided, and the upper portion of the lining folded in so as to envelop the contents of the cell, the mouth of which is last of all closed with earth. The proceedings of the otlher upholsterer bees are equally curious ; they usually select the green leaves of trees for the lining of their burrows, which are filled with several thimble shaped cells, placed one within the other, thc rounded end of one fitting into the mouth of that next below it.—Westminster Review. An old 'pack-horse bridge' over the Lune, near Boroughbridge, has been swept away by the swollen current. The venerable and picturesque structure was considered to have been the work of the Romans, during the reign of Aure- lius. A gentleman crossed the bridge shortly before it fell; his passage was hastened by a tremulous motion in the structure; and on his return, five mi- nutes afterwards, the arch was gone. The editor of an American paper says, he never saw but one ghost, and that was the ghost of a sinner who died without paying for his paper. " 'Twas terrible to look upon !" How Louis Napoleon seemed to thirst for notoriety. Ah, and you'd thirst too, friend Stubbs, if you had been so long confined to Ham as he was. It is said that a skipper in New York has so often crossed the Atlantic that he knows every wave by sight. CALIFORNIA BOOK-KEEPING.—Gene- rally, nearly all articles command good prices in cash. There are few instances wherein credit is given ; and I was not aware that there was any credit at all, until the day I visited the Sonorian camp ; when a gentleman handed me the account of a merchant who had just made an assignment for the benefit of his creditors. I send you one page of it, in order that you may have a correct idea of the credit system in force here. You will see that the style of book-keep- ing is quite primitive and original. The head commenced thus :— Account Buk of John McGuire and the people in these diggins :— dl c Ramon Galpin, 4 lbs of flour . 4 00 George Williams the darkey white man 5 00 thomas sillias thc spaniard resons flowers sugar..........6 50 Manell Sanches grocerie D C D .. .. 16 00 Red that lives with Dancing bill. 30 50 Dancing bill needles, thred shoes stockings 13 00 the man thats in his tent pantalons shoes.... 26 00 Martin that has the woman Dt... . 10 00 Inaca that has the woman with the big ring in her ear. ¡3 00 the cozen to thomas bone, Dt... ... 70 00 hamilton, for shoes, Dt 5 00 The boy I left the tent with Dt ...... 47 00 Hoss Coleman Dt in all.... 25 00 Issur the Sonorian that stole the corne flower bread.... 37 00 Chene in all up to this date... 131 00 John that speaks English Dr... 88 00 Polenary flowris that cut off the china man's hair, resons and pain killer medicine ... 48 00 Vicente and his two sons 8 ounces in gold dust lent... 96 00 facile the hoss jockey credit till morning pantaloons and shoes red shirt... 62 00 !1 s nts Linie that man as got the shose for .? / ra for the woman that lives near Cheney 5 00 dollars one needle in all...7 00 The man that was lame with romitsome 16 00 The man that claims the horse 10 dollars cash The spaniard that took the jacket .... 10 00 Lorenche the Spaniard that has the cattle.. 137 00 fronk the man wats won that gambles . 36 00 Manell Sayles, the Canacear frenchman, that has the white wife... 24 00 and for two ounces in gold dust lent -~ - in all... 42 00 The man that fits about the woman over the dry creek frizzles for her head.. 32 00 The man that set up the store in the new diggings for abai« due on batts, candles, «ernp« i sorsa^is sardenes coffee pantaloons pans red belts .... 300 00 There, Messrs. Editors, is a true copy as literally as I can make it, of one page of an account book kept by one of the merchants at the mines. Is it not ori- ginal in its style, and, considering the absence of the schoolmaster, an excellent effort? I would send you the document itself, but I wish to retain it among my relics of the gold excitement.—Corres- pondent of the New York Tribune. CHASE OF A MOOSE.—The dogs were at a standstill, and, as we emerged from a thick part of the wood, we saw them surrounding three large moose, barking viciously, but not daring to approach within reach of their hoofs or antlers. When the deer saw us, they bolted away, plunging heavily through the deep snow slowly and with great dificulty ; at every step sinking to the shoulder, the curs still at their heels, as near as they could venture. They all broke in different directions. The captain pursued one, I another, and one of the Indians a third. At first, they beat us in speed. For a few hundred yards mine kept stoutly on ; but his track became wider and more irregular, and large drops of blood on the pure, fresh snow showed that the poor animal was wounded by the hard icy crust of the old fall. We were pressing down through very thick " bush," and could not see him; but his panting and crashing through the underwood were plainly heard. In several places, the snow was deeply ploughed up, where he had fallen from exhaustion, but again struggled gallantly out, and made ano- ther effort for life. On, on, the branches smash and rattle, but, just ahead of us, the panting is louder and closer, the track red with blood: the hungry dogs yell and howl almost under our feet. On, on, through the deep snow, among the rugged rocks and the tall pines we hasten, breathless and eager. Swinging round a close thicket, we open in a swampy valley, with a few patriarchal trees rising from it, bare of branches to a hundred feet in height. In the centre stands the moose, facing us. His failing limbs refuse to carry him any farther through the choking drifts. The dogs press upon him.Whenever his proud head turns they flee away yelling with terror, but with grinning teeth and hungry eyes rush at him from behind. He was a noble brute, standing at the least seven feet high. His large, dark eye was fixed, I fancied almost implor- ingly, upon me, as I approached. He made no further effort to escape or resist. I fired, and the ball struck him in the chest. The wound roused him. Infuriated by the pain, he raised his huge bulk out of the snow, and plunged towards me. Had I tried to run away, the snow shoes would have tripped me up to a certainty, sold thought it wiser to stand still. His strength was plainly fading, and I knew he could not reach me. I fired the second barrel, he stopped, and staggered, stretched out his neck, the blood gushed in a stream from his mouth, his tongue protruded, then slowly, as if lying down to rest, he fell over into the snow. The dogs would not yet touch him, nor would even the Indians. They said that this was the most dangerous time: he might struggle yet, so we watched cautiously till the large dark eye grew dim and glazed, and the sinewy limbs were stif- fened out in death. Then we approached and stood over our fallen foe. When the excitement which had touched the savage chord of love of destruction, to be found in every nature, was over, I felt ashamed, guilty, self-condemned, like a murderer: the snow defiled with the stain ; the meek eye, a few moments before, bright with healthy life, now a mere filmy ball ; the vile dogs, that had not dared to touch him when alive, licked up the stream of blood, and fastened on his heels. I was thoroughly disgusted with myself and the tame and cruel sport.—England in the New World. BISCUITS MADE BY MACHINERY. If our forefathers had been told that, before they had lain long in their graves, a machine would be invented by which flour and water could be mixed together at one end, and brought out at the other end ready bakcd biscuits, they would have doubted the sanity of the person addressing them. Yet strange as it may seem, this is a task now all but accom- plished, and in operation every working day at the extensive ship-bread bakery of Mr. Thomas Harrison, Mersey-street, late of Wapping. Various machines are now used for the baking of ship and other biscuits; but the one patented by Mr. Harrison differs from those hitherto in use, in size, in utility, and in adaptation for the firing of the bread on the hot-air principle, now the property of the Patent Desiccating Company. The flour and water in proper proportions are placed in a cylinder, and the first operation of thoroughly mixing is performed by arms inside. On leaving the cylinder, the dough is kneaded by means of a large iron cylinder, under which it is passed several times. The required thickness is attained, on passing beneath a smaller cylinder. The dough, spread like a large sheet, passes along an endless cloth —the machinery moving at each stroke the precise width of a biscuit. As the dough passes along, by the rising and falling of a nicely adjusted piece of me- chanism, the biscuits are cut into shape and receive the stamp of the patentee. The biscuits are not circular, but have six sides ; and therefore there is not, in cutting out, any waste of dough, except a small portion at each end. Passing along the endless cloth, the biscuits are conducted to the mouth of the oven, where they are received on what may be re-called, for familiar illustration, an end- less gridiron, which, as the machine moves, draws in the biscuits in a few seconds. Each oven is four and a half feet in width, and twenty-six and a half feet in length. There are four ovens, one above another, and all fed from the same furnace with hot water. The mixing of the flour and water occupies about twelve minutes, the kneading five or six, and the firing half an hour. As each oven contains six hundred and fifty biscuits, and may be filetd within a few minutes of each other, there is no difficulty in producing from flour and water no fewer than 2,600 biscuits in an hour, or nearly a ton of ship biscuit every two hours. The biscuits, too, are of excellent quality—beautifully crisp and sweet. It is difficult to convey to the reader a correct idea of the opera- tion of so ingenious and useful a piece of machinery ; but it is so exceedingly clever, that we would advise the curious to visit the establishment. Messrs. W. and M. Scott, of the Tranmere Foundry, are the manufacturers.—Liverpool Mail. EXAMINATION OF ATTORNEYS.—The following racy examination of a candi- date for admission to the bar is taken from the Western Law Journal, and will be called a good hit:—Examiner: Do you smoke, Sir? Candidate: I do, Sir. Ex.: Have you a spare cigar? Can. Yes, Sir (extending a short six). Ex. Now, Sir, what is the first duty of a lawyer? Can. To recollect fees. Ex.: Right; what is the second ? Can.: To increase the number of his clients. Ex.: When does your position towards your client change? Can.: When making a bill of costs. Ex.: Explain. Can.: We then occupy the antagonist position ; I assume the character of plaintiff, and he becomes defendant. Ex. A suit decided, how do you stand with the lawyer? Can.: Cheek by jowl! Ex.: Enough, Sir; you promise to be an ornament to your profession, and 1 wish you success. Now, are you aware of the duty you owe me? Can. : Perfectly. Ex.: Describe the duty. Can.: It is to invite you to drink. Ex.: But suppose I decline? Can. (scratching his head): There is no instance of the kind on the books ; I cannot answer that question. Ex.: You are right; and the confidence with which you have made the assertion shows that you have read the law attentively. Let's take the drinks, and I will sign your certificates. THE SCHOOLMASTER ABROAD.— The following letter is published at the re- quest of the party to whom it is ad- dressed:—Liverpool, 28th octr 1849. Mr Meagher, if that £2 10s is not Pead to deay I Shall Enter it late the Cort to Morrow is shall not Come here to Bee meaid a Ful on so often with you. I Never Mead a Ful of you when I owed you oney Money When you send I ceam Right away And Peayed you without any Fulery and when I wanted Eney drink I generly sent here For it as i Never shawed you such Beaiveir as you heaive Mee I Will heaive you to No I Sold the Meait to you and Not to Ned so I shall Meaick you to Peay the Muney Messis meagher i will seay this yeour Beaiver Were Far different to his you wanted him to Peay Mee such childishness dose Not doo At al time In generley the Ful Falls to the Loss And Men in Bisines shud think at that Mr mager. Writh without wealth is a good ser- vant out of place. Be deaf to the quarrelsome, and dumb to the inquisitive. 'There are two kinds of geniuses, the clever and the too clever. NOCTURNAL LIFE OF ANIMALS IN THE PRIMEVAL FOREST.—On leaving the Island del Diamante (in the Orinoco), we entered on scenes of nature charac- terised by wildness and grandeur. The air was filled with countless flocks of flamingoes and other water birds, which appeared against the sky like a dark cloud with continually varying outlines. The river had here narrowed to between nine hundred and one thousand feet, and flowing in a perfectly straight line, formed a kind of canal, enclosed on either side by dense wood. The margin of the forest presents, at this part, a sin- gular appearance. In front of the almost impenetrable wall of giant trunks there rises from the sandy river beach, with the greatest regularity, a low hedge of Sauso, only four feet high, consisting of a small shrub, Hermesia Castaneifo- lia, which forms a new genus of the family of Euphorbiaceæ. Some slender thorny palms stand next ; and the whole resembles a close, well-pruned garden hedge, having only occasional openings at considerable distances from each other, which have doubtless been made by the larger fourfooted beasts of the forest to gain easy access to the river. One sees (more especially in the early morning and at sunset) the American tiger or jaguar, the tapir and the pec- cary, lead their young through these openings to the river to drink. When startled by the passing canoe, they do not attempt to regain the forest by breaking through the hedge which has been described ; but one has the pleasure of seeing these wild animals stalk lei- surely along between the river and the hedge for four or five hundred paces, until they have reached the nearest opening, when they disappear through it. In the course of an almost unin- terrupted river navigation of 1520 geo- graphical miles on the Orinoco to near its sources on the Cassiquiare and on the Rio Negro—and during which we were confined for seventy days to a small canoe—we enjoyed the repetition of the same spectacle at different points, and, I may add, always with new de- light. There came down together to drink, to bathe, or to fish, groups con- sisting of the most different classes of animals—the large mammalia being associated with many-coloured herons, palamedeas, and proudly stepping curas- sow and cashew birds. " Es como en el Paraiso" (it is here as in Paradise), said, with a pious air, our steersman, an old Indian who had been brought up in the house of an ecclesiastic. The peace of the golden age was, however, far from prevailing among the inhabi- tants of this American paradise, who carefully watched and avoided each other.—Humboldt. FATE OF GENIUS AND OF WIDOWS.— " When a feller's any sort of a feller, to be kotched at home is little better than being a mouse in a wire trap. Common people can't make it out when natur's raised a gentleman in the family —a gentleman all complete, only the money's been forgot. If a man won't work all the time—day in and day out —if he smokes at the fire or whistles out of the winder, the very gals bump again him, and say, ' Get out of the way loaf.' Now what I say is this—if people hasn't genteel fetching up, you can no more expect 'em to behave as if they had been fetched up genteel, than you can make good segars out of a broom handle." " That are a fact !" ejaculated Billy Bunkers, with emphasis ; for Billy has experienced, in his time, treatment at home somewhat similarto that com- plained of by Nicholas Nollikins. "But, Billy, never mind, and keep not a lettin on," continued Nollikins, and a beam of hope irradiated his otherwise saturnine countenance ; "the world's a railroad and the cars is comin—all we have to do is to jump in, chalked free. There will be a time—something must happen. Rich widders are about yet, though they are snapped up so fast. Rich widdes, Billy, are ' special providences,' sent here, like rafts, to pick up deservin chaps when they can't swim no longer. When you've been down, twy'st, Billy, and are just off again, then comes the widder floatin' along. Why splatter- cocks is nothin' to it, and a widder is the best of all life-preservers when a fellow is most a case, like you and me." "Well, I'm not perticklar, not I, nor never was. I'll take a widder, for my part, if she's got the mint drops, and never ask no questions. I'm not proud —never was harystocratic—I drinks with any body, and smokes all the segars they give me. What's the use of being stuck up, stiffy ? Its my principle that other folks are nearly as good as me, if they're not constables nor aldermen. I can't stand them sort." " No, Billy," said Nollikins, with an encouraging smile, " so, Billy ; such indiwidooals as them don't know human natur." THE COMPASS PLANT.—Major Alvord has discovered a singular plant of the Western Prairies, said to possess the peculiarity of pointing north and south and to which he has given the name of Silphium Laciniatum. No trace of iron has been discovered in this plant ; but as it is full of resinous matter, Major Alvord suggests that its polarity may be due to electric currents. A Newark correspondent of the Notts Guardian says, " Having seen in your paper that Lola Montes was the daugh- ter of a Cork lady, I beg to ask whe- ther that does not account for her light character?" New Zealand potato seeds have been successfully reared in England, and a race of potatoes more impervious to disease than any hitherto in cultivation will be obtained from among them. NOVEL MODE OF CHEATING THE RAIL- WAY.—A few days ago a woman got into a second-class railway carriage attached to a down train from Notting- ham. In her arms she carried a pon- derous- looking babe, dressed in long clothes, and with its head entirely con- cealed beneath her shawl. Several times during her journey the half-smothered child made a noise very much like the barking of a dog. The repetition of these unnatural sounds aroused the sym- pathy of an old lady travelling in the same carriage, who remarked " what a dreadful cold that child's got, to be sure." The distressed baby's nurse re- plied that the poor thing had got a severe attack of the influenza, and she was afraid it would turn to the hooping cough. When they arrived at Not- tingham, the active ticket collector opened the door of the carriage, and ex- claimed rather abruptly, " Tickets, please." This awakened the slumber- bering object in ihe woman's arms, and an angry, but this time unmistakeable, bark burst forth, to the astonishment of the official, who, however, lifted up the woman's shawl, and exposed the head of one of the canine species, ludicrously wrapped in an infant's long dress. Extra fare was immediately demanded, which the woman reluctantly paid, amidst the jeers and laughter of the passengers. A NEW DEFINITION OF AN EVER- GREEN.—A man who does not learn by experience. 