FACETU2. J -oo-. Í 'The Editor of an 'American'paper says, bi- ns vcr «aw but one ghost, and that was the ghost of a tlnnrr who died without paying for bis paper. ' " Twa« horrible to look upon !" A Dudley Wtddinç.~On* day last week an elderly couple »Ulled'Dudley Intending'to boy, ? a clock ; after making Ibis purchase they" .trolled up the town ' in the direction ' of the upper church; on arriving in sight of the sacred 'edifice the ord man suddenly exclaimed, "Bet, was the third axing yesterday f To which Bet replied, " Why, aye, mon." Opon this announcement the candidate for matrimony replied, " Well Bet, we mun aa well goo in'end get the job over at wunst.'and save time loike." As the lady seemed to acquiesce In tin* prac:¡cal view of the case, the parties Immediately pro- ceeded to business. Bet, looking round, claimed a personal acquaintance with several women 'who were lounging about, watching, with jealoua ,eyes, the 'arrival of sundry matrimonial specu- lators; by some of these women th?'waa attend- ed, aa assort of body-guard, Into tho vestry, 'while tho "old 'un," -(as shs endearingly 'termed the bridegroom in perspective) entered the church, and walking up to the Minister, ejaculated,'" W-ull, sur, ol bin cum to he mar- ried, if you plaze." -"Oh, Indeed," said the Minister, " and "pray where is the woman."" "The woman, .sur? Whoy, that'a Bet-lier's behind the vestry door, sur, being dressed. I just peeped in, sur, and it's all right; She's tafe." On sending into the vestry to ascertain the truth of this 'Statement, Bet was discovered in die' bands of her body-guard, one of whom 'waa busily engaged washing her face, another sat whh a capon her knee, crimping the bor- ders, when a thlM lent her a scarf, and wat tastefully arranging its "folds upon her shoul- ders ;'having completed these essentials, " bob- bed-up her hair," arid made her " toldy lolke," she was led forth triumphantly into the church, on entering which she greeted the "old un" with a very affectionate' nod, and exclaimed, ." Well, hero I comes." The minister, after sur- veying them for some' time, turned to the clerk, and made inquiry if they bad been properly asked In' church, to-which the " old un " took upon himself te reply, '.. Whoy, ees, axing be over yesterday, and 1 axed Bet mare nor a month agoo. It be all right, sur.*' The pair were then legally united, and, after this " inte- resting ceremony " was endtd, tlie minister in- quired If the woman could write, to whish shs made antwrr, "Noo, schools warn't so piipilous when ol war young ; feylber and mother could- n't afford to aend me to learn. But I 'apote the old un don't Iceer." They then left the church, attended by the body-guard and an enthusiastic circle of admirers.-Birmingham Mercury. Do you know the difference alween Uiis'vorld and poi ter P-*Vy, you see the difference in this Í in porter, the hopa is the bitter part, and in" this vorld, tho young ladies'- sky (ellie hops is the sweetest bf it all. " 