LETTERS FROM BELGIUM. (From the Catholic Weekly Instructor.) (Continued from No. 20.) LETTER IV. All the books that have ever been written, - and all the sermons that have ever been preached, to set aside this great Article of Faith ; to all and each, the Catholic has an answer in one short text : ' God is Love.' It is\of necessity that love must have an object. Man was created to be this object — wonder of wonder^ — to be this object to God. Love must have a return from the object loved, and to provoke this return, everything in creation of beautiful and good was given to man. But he was ungrateful, and fell. A greater scheme of love than creation, then met his disobedient heart— the scheme of Redemption. To this his at tention was to be kept alive by a system of daily duties, all reminding him of the one great plan formed for bringing him home to God. The most important of these was sacrifice. From the beginning we read of Cain's sacrifice. It was never lost sight of, that our redemption must be purchased by sacrifice. Man's memory must be constantly exercised thereon. Next in importance was the attention he must give to the special presence of God in the Holy of Holies, under the law of Moses, God's delight in dwelling with the sons of men being thus shown to them, and also prefiguring his dwelling among them in a more special manner under the law of grace. Frail,' forgetful man would soon have forgotten the promised Sa viour, had not every invention been used to keep Him in remembrance. As he would have forgotten the Saviour who ha's yet to come, had He not been brought constantly before him in the daily sacrifice and cease less ceremonies of the old law ; so would he now been forgotten, or but coldly loved, had he not arranged a plan to preserve Himself, and Hi3 precious dying for us, daily before us. Christ knew that his having lived three and thirty years on the same earth with us, and in the same human nature, and dying in that nature, would be but darkly and coldly thought of, as years passed on ; He, therefore — matchless invention of love — contrived a means by which to live on to the end of time among his faithful ones, in the same divine and human nature, veiling both from the eye of sense, by the same almighty will, as he had veiled his Godhead, while living on earth as a poor carpenter's son. Read your Bible, and study the an cient ceremonies and sacrifices of the Jews, and then remember, that all that they were used for (viz., to prefigure the Messiah, yet to come), is comprehended to the Catholic, in the sacred Service of the Mass, in memorial and renewal of His having been. I will try to explain everything as clearly as I can, but you will not comprehend its vastness and depth all at once ; for it is diffi cult, very difficult, to any one to understand and feel its sacred meaning, who has not been trained, as Catholics are trained, from their earliest infancy. ' Will God in very deed dwell with men !iS Solomon exclaimed when he had prepared the Temple. And if the condescending of the Almighty, to ' come down' and be 'contained' in that earthly house, over whelmed the wisest of men, so as almost to raise a righteous doubt in his mind, whether he were correct in believing so stupendous a mystery, may we not forbear, before we condemn our Protestant counrytnen, who have been educated to cast aside this grand article of faith, if they cannot see all at once the truth and grandeur of Jesus, dwelling body and soul in his Divinity and in his hu manity among us, veiled under the appear ance of bread and 'wine? Yes, they who once lived under, the same dark cloud of er ror, know how to bear with the often slow perception of others of this astonishing mys tery because they kuow how slow they were themselves to feel its reality. The new convert to Catholic truth cannot comprehend in the infancy of his new perceptions, the extent of his heavenly Father's love, any more than an infant can comprehend the ex cessive love of its natural mcther. Yet in the same way as an infanc clings to its mother, and finds no joy ivith any other, but only loneliness and sadness; so the man Catholic convert clings to God in the Holy Sacrament of the Altar, quietly await ing from day to day, for grace to perceive more and more clearly his blessings therein given. The service of the Mass is something quite different from any Protestant service. The Protestant religion is without sacrifice ; or if sacrifice is darkly acknowledged and dimly perceived by some, in the communion service, it is quite different from the Catholic service of the Mass, which is essentially a continual sacrifice, and Catholics are trained to offer it as such. You have been taught to bear always in mind the great sacrifice of Christ upon the cross, once offered ; but Catholics do much more. They renew before -3od the sacrifice of the cross every time that they are present at the Mass, which is continuatory of the sacrifice of the cross, and in which Christ* renews before the -mercy-seat of Got I ' his propitiatory offering of Himself. A| In the same way as Priests were a|/ | pointed to offer the sacrifices of the old laf | and the oeople joined in the offerings ( | their presence ; so Christ has ordained Pries- | who offer Him for the people, and they unify | in the offering by being present. \ | Christ, in order to become our daily vie-, f tim, in continuation of the one great sacri-, 1 fice of the cross, '* having loved his own, he\ \ loved them unto the end,' to give them a I \ pledge altogether divine and admirable of 1' | this love, and to realize to them his assurance, ! I ??behold, I am with you always,' took an \ | imcomprehensible means, infinitely above { | all things natural, giving the power to j p Priests, consecrated according to his ordi- [ | nance, to change bread and wine into his i | adorable person as God and man. \ $ Every time therefore that a Priest per- I \ forms Mass, he produces by the priestly { \ might, Jesus Christ. \\.% Every time therefore that a Priest per- %% forms Mass, he offers up this immaculate Victim in sacrifice to God. I will not now describe or explain the ? , various ceremonies aed circumstances by I) which this most solemn service is attended. I I First, because you my find them described I in so many Catholic books, in our catechisms, j | and forms of prayer, and many others. \\\ Secondly, because I wish exclusively to di- | f rect your mind to understand the feeling of |/ i! Catholics in regard to this daily sacred / V service. When any ceremony assists me in | I doing this, I will speak of it. / % Represent now to yourself the High-/ II Priest of the Jews offering the morning sa-l \ crifice, and the people around him devoutly! \ uniting with him in heart and mind. I j Then think of us in this quiet village] ) kneeling around the altar of our beautiful little Church, offering by our Priest th-^j reality of the sacrifice which those ancient^; ,..--- services prefigured, and! wfjV'3 ^eeVin&i.; you to understand something o$ 9$ L :%'' at these sacred moments. -?^x^^-^r.-^~Ji. One of the first duties of a Catholit is, to assist at the Mass with fitting devotion, which he is taught to attain to bj meditation and prayer. Thus, as I have before told you, he must endeavour to ' pre pare his heart' previously to the commence ment of the service, by preserving his mind in repose, and forming his intention — the intention with which he wishes to offer the sacrifice. There were four principal intentions, in one or other of which every one of the ancient sacrifices was offered. I. The holocaust or whole burnt-offering, which was wholly consumed for the honour and glory of God. ' II. I he sin-offering, which was offered as t a confession of sins, and as a propitiation for them. III. The peace-offering, which was offered either as an oflering of thanksgiving, or for the obtaining of fresh blessings or graces. Under the Christian law we have but one ~' sacrifice, namely, that of the Body and -??- Blood of Christ: but this one sacrifice per fectly answers the ends of the four ancient sacrifices, and both Priest; and people join in offering it up for these four ends : namely, I. To the honour and glory of God. II. As propitiatory for sin. II T. As a sacrifice of thanksgiving. IV. For the obtaining of fresh blessings. / In union with these four principal ends, the Christian sacrifice is generally offered for some special end, sometimes for some particular person or object. This is the Priest's care ; and the people do not always know what the particular intention of the Priest is. Besides these, each individual present may offer it for himself, or for some private end of his own. .... .-,. .. . .....j_^-^-.^£ Thus each must consider before the ser vice- begins, what are the intentions with which he is going to assist in offering Mass : or in other words, the Christian Sacrifice. This teaches him to think for himself, as books would not help him much, but rather interfere with his reflections. He prays and meditates something in this way, supposing him to have already offered his' first morning prayers as before. He is on his way to Church, and awakens his mind to a sense of the great duty he is about to perform, by pious ejaculations such as these : 'I am approaching the mount Cal vary, to, witness my Saviour's sacrifice of Himself for me. By thy cross and precious death, Jesus, have mercy upon me.' 'By the offering which thou wilt make of thyself for me this day, Jesus, have mercy upon me.' On entering the Church, he makes the sign of the cross, saying, ' In the Dame of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, I come into the presence of the Almighty God.' ( Kneeling devoutly down before the altar, he prepares for the service, in something like such a meditation as this : 'I renew the dedication which I have already made of myself to thee, O my God, here in thy special presence. 1 have already . offered to thee all that I am and have ; I now lay all upon thine altar, and offer it in ; union 'with the blessed sacrifice which Christ; is about to make of himself for me. ' I offer unto thee my thoughts — regulate and guide them to be wholly thine this day. ' 1 offer unto thee my words- — set a watch before my mouth, and keep the door of my lips. If I should be tempted to sin with my ? mouth this day, let me remember that I have given my words to thee, and that I must, therefore, speak only to thy honour and glory. 'I offer unto thee my woiks — especially my religious duties — my hearing this mass -^-my prayers and meditations. 1 offer unto thee my daily occupations : if they should he wearisome, or painful or mean,.or hu miliating, let me make a sacrifice of all plea sure therein to thee. 1 offer unto Ihee my feelings.: if they are peaceful or joyous, ac cept them as an offering of thanksgiving ; if -painful and sorrowful, 1 beseech thee accept them in penance for the sufferings my sins have deserved. ' I offer all, to be sacrificed to thee wholly take what thou wilt, and teach me to say, Thy will be done. Or. if thou see fit to re t*fi ~H ''* '^^ 'hissings t(- me, return them sanc ['.px^^m thy blessing. j^_ ? 'noyare my heart to assist at this mass, ~-*lith the fear, reverence, and devotion, which |ch awful mysteries demand. 1 believe that jje sacrifice which thy Priest is about to jer is the real body and blood of Christ. I jlieve that Christ is about to descend upon jis altar in his divine and human nature. I elieve that He is about to renew the sacri jes of the cross, and to be consumed at ihe communion of the Priest, as a Holocaust 40 thine honour and glory, as a. propitiation for our sins, as a thank-offering for mercies, fas an offering for obtaining new ones. 1 | offer the sacrifice to these ends. I also unite rntiy intention with that of the Priest, what ' ever it may be. And I specially offer this mass' [here he makes a devout mention of the end he proposes for himself, either as a propitiation for such and such a sin, or for the obtaining of such and such a virtue ; as humility, gentleness, vigilance, . for some relative or friend, some sick person, &c.; &c;] The congregation assembled, aud all de voutly kneeling with their faces turned to wards the altar, a bell is rung to announce that the Priest is about to enter, which he does, in his sacrificial dress, attended by the children who are to serve him and respond during the service, and bearing in his hand the communion cup, empty, and above it a little gold plate containing the bread which is to be consecrated. It is not ordinary bread such as is used at the communion in your Church, but unleavened bread, made in little cakes the size of a crown piece, and looking exactly like a white wafer. The wine is brought by the children, and also a little water which is to be used. These are in small jugs of glass or silver as it may be, and are placed on a side table. The Priest ascends the Altar steps, and places the cha lice and paten on the Altar. The book con taining the words of the service of the mass, has. ..been previously placed on the altar, and the places therein found by the clerk. The Priest then descends the altar steps, and turning his face towards the altar begins the , Mass. In large churches it would be impossible for the people to hear the words, let them be in what language they might. But it is not necessary they should. They know every t'ling he is doing, and follow him from part to part by his actions which they see, not by ?his words which they hear. The service of the Mass is an action uniting in itself everything in which devotion consists. And being to be applied by each individual to himself, and his own particular circumstances, it would interrupt rather than assist his prayers, if he were obliged to join in the words which the priest repeats. How ever, every one can join in them if he please, as he has them, or may have them, in his book in his native language ; and, as I said, without hearing the priest, he knows by every action which prayer he is saying. The most general method adopted is, to follow the priest, and to fill up the intervals, and they are several, with litanies and prayers applicable to the intention previously formed. If he follow the priest in the very words of the mass, they are very beautiful, and may be applied to every end proposed. If he follow him in other forms, they are forms composed upon the prayers of the mass, and are also very beautiful ; and the intervals leave much room for extempore prayer or litanies, &c.; If he choose to have no book at all, but join in heart with every action of the service, he can thus fill up the whole time with extempore prayer. The Church is as a magnificent tree, which never falls before the fiercest storms, yet allows its every branch to curve and wave in its own natural gracefulness to the slightest breath of air which passes it by, or under the gentlest dew which falls upon it. She, the Church, is most firm in essentials, but becomes all things to all men, to suit the individual character of each of her children. We will suppose a person following the, Priest in the very words of the Mass, which begins thus : ' In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, I approach the Altar of God.' This is followed by a psalm, and the psalm by a general confession ot sins, first by the Priest, and then by the people, then the general absolution, and a few responses all indicated to the people by the posture and action of the Priest. He then, ascends the altar steps, asking God to take away his and our iniquities, tbat we may be worthy to enter the Holy of Holies. Bowing before the altar he repeats another prayer, asking forgiveness of sins, which contains words you would not yet understand in their true mean ing as we do. Here begins the part which changes according to each day, which is partly pointed out by the dress of the priest, and at length in our calendars, which we ought to have looked into at home. To this we now turn, and the priest reads the same from his book on the altar ; he next turns and calls upon God to have mercy upon us, in a feeling devout voice; the children kneeling at the foot of the altar and repeat ing the same words. This is followed by the 'Glory to God in the highest,' as in your communion service ; he then returns to his book, and reads the collect or collects for the day, which we seek in their proper places ; then the epistles, &c.; between these and the gospel he bows before the altar, and asks God to cleanse his heart and lips, that he may worthily announce this gospel. At the gospel all stand up ; this is followed by the JNicene Creed, exactly the same as in your books ; or if there is a sermon, he preaches between the gospel and the creed. After the creed, is recited a short prayer, called the Offertory, at which the priest turns and spreading his hands towards the people says, ' The Lord be with you,' to which they reply in iheir heart, not aloud, ' And with thy spirit.' At every thing his action points but to us exactly which prayer, &c.; he is saying. If a person enters a Church where Mass is being performed, he knows exactly without hearing a sound what the Priest is saying, and in what part of the service he is, even to the shortest sentence, and can im mediately join him. — We have now arrived at the beginning of the most solemn part ol the Mass, and I fear my letter would be too long were I to go through all its solemn circumstances now ; 1 will, therefore, defer it to my next. Tell Harry our children are being prepared for their first communion, and I will write a letter to him, and tell him all about it. It is one of our most beautiful days, the first communion of the children. (To he continued.) 