FACETIÄ. Baok'kitptng by Doubltf.Entry. -".Mr. Tlram," taid ' a1 wag, how clo you keep your booka P" " Oh, by double 'entry" Double entry, how's that P" " Oli.easy'enough-I make one entry , and father make* another." '" / " Shall vre. take a 'bu* at Charing Crois P" said a young Cockney, who' was showing the wonders of thé metropolis to his country cousin. " Oh, dear no I" said the alarmed malden, " 1 could not allow such a thing in so public a tbo . roughfsre." .;-.;("-: -n v.* A wag purchated a very fine, horse. Return- ing from a ride a few days afterwards, .hr said he had discovered a quality, ln^hls animal which added nra pàundS to his value-!', he 'shied'at a constable. A Welt-quallfied Rp on tor.-",Yog are not fit to hold up that infant," skid a minister to a sturdy Nortlmmbrisn, who lind corrie to get his child baptised, but was found to be brutishly ig- norant- " you are not'flt to hold up that infant I" <. Ho'uld it unP" grinning at the strange idea, I could houid it up wrre't a bull calf." ' ' '' An old almanack of Charles the Second's time, quoted hy Scott, recommends the reader to walk a mlle or 'two every morning before breakfast; In th« month of July, and If lie can'possibly manage it,'to Itt hi* exercise bt taken on hi* otoh land. A Ni» Wo*.-Ons night poor owld Job Cark coomed ofT the downs drought wet to his very skin, «nd 'a went straight off to bed. Rachael 'ad a been a bakln' In the daay time, and 'a put Job's leathern breeches in the oven to dry um. lil. the mornin', avore Haw light, Job began to reel about vor his thriigs, .nd mimd the breeches. Where be the breeches P ' says lie ¡ " wheie be my breeches. Rachael !" " Awh, in tho oven." Away went Job a'ter um, but'In a minuit '* seng out, Maises haw I what in he 'oruld ha' you done. Rachael I they be ar) cockled up like a skin o' parchment! Oh Lard. Oh Lard, what shall I dol Was ever a man to plagued ns I be P " Patience, Job, patience," says ihe owld body, " hsVe a leetl« patience. Rrrnvmher your nnmo sake, how he was caddied." Ha ! that' very true." saya Job ; " 'H had a nation deal to put up wi', that's sartin, but hi* wife neuer baked hi* bretehe*. " John,'' said a Cockney solicitor to his son, " 1 see you'll never du fur an attorney, ynu have no Aenergy." Skuse nie, father," replied John, "what I want is some, of- your cM scktnty."^ . . I 'lliroma Commendation.-Vor ,*t\t, m brown borMwitb a Roman not«. Hs it ia good licaltii l and very fond of travelling-having run away four time* within a week. , We lg ht t ami Hitar ur rt /or tnt Million. I One pound of chalk make« tero gallon* of milk. j Two twig* of birch broom-one ounce of tea. Three ounce* of sand-half a pound of sugar. I One nick of Spaniel» liquorice-taro pola of porter. Twenty noiiy boya-one infuriated beadle. Six friends in the pit-one blase of triumph. Eight Protectionist facts-one false- hood.- Punch. The editor of the Louitvtllt Journal, retort- ing- a charge of personal ugliness against a .contemporary, say«,-" We are credibly in-, formed, that after the birth nf Harvey, none but handsome babies were born for saveral years ; all the ugly material in the universe was used up in hi» creation." An American Notion nf Ghotl*.-" I wl»h I was a glio<t, blamed if I don't,'' said one of the B'lioys the tither night, as lie sat soliloquising in the cold. "They goes wherever tiley pleases, toll free !: They don't owe nobody nothing, and that's a comfort. Who ever heard tell of a man what had a bill auain a ghost-nobody. They never has to buy lists, and victuals, and liquor ; nor has to saw wood and run arrant», as I do. Their shirts never'get dirty, nor their (rousers out at the knees, as ever 1 heard tell on. Ghosts is the only itid*|>endent people I knows on, I really wish I was one, blame me if 1 don't. : ] 