THE HAUNTED SKULL. A LEGEND OF KILLARNEY. " But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my prison house, I could a Tale unfold."/ SHAKSPEARE. A peasant once upon a Summer's day Set off to go to market at Killarney; He might, or he might not—I cannot say, Have been a brother of the fam'd Kate Kearney, Whose smiles and looks were " spells" all " art " and blarney : And you were forc'd, so says the song, to " fly And shun the fatal glance of her bewitching eye." This same Kate Kearney, between you and I, Was, I much fear, no better than she should be ; Let others sing her praises, I deny, That she both " simple " and " mischievous " could he ;* Pray how could " fatal glances " ever good be. To keep herself from murder she must either Put out her eyes, or wear a false face—neither. Of which I'm sure she'd do, at least I know, I would not do it to save Whig or Tory; But what is this to you or I, and so, I'll leave Kate Kearney, and take up my story. I mean the peasant whom I placed before ye Going to market one fine Summer day, To sell his pig or ass, and buy some " tay." Sugar, tobacco, meat, and I don't know What else to treat his reverence at a christ- 'ning, He had to pass the ruined AGHADOE Where bones, and skulls around, lie white and glistning ; It was a sight that set his hair a brist'ling, His teeth to chatter, and his flesh to creep : For legends say, that in the night, when sleep Has closed, or should close, decent people's eyes, In ruined Aghadoe, full many a spirit, From the old tombs and sepulchres arise. And hasten to the bleaching bone to ferret, From out the heap, the limbs they did inherit Some six or seven hundred years ago. When in monastic pride, stood stately Aghadoe. And here I beg the reader will behold, In fancy's glass ; each lake with nature's fountain, And every glen of which he should be told, And every wild peaked hill and rugged mountain, And every isle too numerous for counting; Gleaming from out the crystal waters pure, With Innisfallen sweet, so called by Tommy Moore. But to come back to ruined Aghadoe. And peasant going t' market in the morning ; But stop—I quite forgot to let you know. The ruin stands, the wild hill's top adorning, As if to give to all that pass a warning, That tho' they may ambition's high hill climb, They must their honours bow to lordly time. * See the song of Kate Kearney, and the meaning of the words, simple, mischievous, and fatal, in Johnson's Dictionary. The hill of Aghadoe is very steep, And it requires a long time in ascending ; So I was forced, kind reader, back to keep You the poor peasant's case alone attending : But see him now at last the hill descending; And you may follow now quite at your ease, And hear what happened him or not, just as you please. I do not force into your hands this tale, You may, or you may not, let go the hold, But I'll proceed, although your courage fail, Like Shakspeare's ghost, ' I can a tale unfold.' Perhaps it will not make your blood run cold In reading, but if you had seen the sight The peasant saw, I'm sure you'd quake with fright ; For just as he had turned his back upon The ruins of old Aghadoe so stately, He saw what made his blood all coldly run, And frighten'd him I warrant you completely; Indeed I do not wonder at it greatly; For who could see a human skull in motion, Without a body—nor feel some emotion Of fright and terror—I for one must own, Altho' I am courageous as my neighbours, That such a sight would make me start and groan, More than a band of Turks with swords and sabres, Or wild Cossacks impatient for war's labours. Again I say—it was a sight of dread, " To see roll on the path," now here, now there, a head: It stopp'd a moment; then again began It's fitful race, from one side to another; At length it rested—and the frighten'd man Whose senses downright agony did bother, Having recover'd something from his pother, Began courageously to think he'd pass The now reposing skull—but, oh ! alas !! Scarce had the thought gone thro' his mind— when lo! The skull again commenced its marching motion ; The peasant turned and fled past Aghadoe, Nor once thought of the market I've a notion; He feared the bones would all be in commotion. And gathering round him pick his bones quite bare And send his skull wool gathering for its hair. At length he overtook, oh, joyful sight, Some neighbours like himself, to market going, And telling them of his most fearsome fright, Their hearts beat loud—their blood was scarcely flowing, But on they went the peasant with them showing The very spot where he first saw the head, Moving, before his feet, a " living dead." At length this dreaded object came in sight, Now here, now there, irregularly dancing; The people all drew back in wild affright, Till one with sign of cross and prayer advancing, Approached the skull thus wonderously prancing. And saw a sight that made his limbs to shake, His eyes pour water, and his sides to ache. He saw a sight that he must needs laugh at, And ruined Aghadoe rang with his shouting, For, lo ! within a skull a monstrous rat Had crept, poor creature very little doubting That where it had got in, it would get outing ; The rat was quite mistaken in his notion: And all his struggles only set in motion His prison ; for 'tis easier you will own, Into a scrape of any kind to enter ; Than to get out of it with flesh and bone, Safely and sound as you commenced the venture, So felt the rat entrapped in the centre Of empty skull. Let all a warning take, And ever look before a leap they make. 