GORHAM v. THE. BISHOP OE EXETER. THIS CELEBRATED case, whichl concerns equally the lay, and clerical members of the Anglican church, is on its wayto a final de cision by thejudicial committee of the privy council.. The question at issue is. Baptismal Regeneration. Sir Herbert Jenner Fust has ruled in. the Court of Archesthat " the doc trineof the church of England is, that infants invariably and always are spiritually rege nerated in and by the act of baptism." The cause has been ably. argued on both sides, and the judge was equally dispas sionate and acute. His judgment has been published, and from it we extract the fol lowing : He was particularly anxious to have it distinctly understood that he was not going to pronounce an opinion as to whether unconditional regeneration in the case of infants was or was not a true scriptural doctrine. All that calme within the limits of the authority of the court was to endeavour to ascertain wlhether the church had determined anything upon the subject, and if so, then to pronounce accordingly. The authoratative declaration of the church con stituted the law of that court, to which it was bound to conform, and which it was inlcumbent upon it specifically to follow without indulging In'speculative opinions of its own. The court aus bound to ad minister tile law as it found it laid down, and not to give any opinion as to what the law ought-to be; and,.therefore, he was most anxious that it should be perfectly understood that in the observations he was about to make lie shotld confine himselt wholly to the doctrines of the church so far as he was capable of uscertainilng, them,. without any intention to extend them to scriptural interpretation. The Eclectic Review. has an excellent article on the subject. Referring to the above the editor says :-" Having laid down this principle, to guard himself against being misunderstood, Sir H. J. Fust ad vanced to the inquiry, ' whether the church had pronounced any opinion, and if so, what?' 'Then this gives rise to another question, namely, from what source the court was to derive information as to the doctrines of the church of England ?' In his subsequent observations, lihe throws out certain witnesses, or authorities, which some had relied upon, and decides that the most direct, satisfactory, and accessible source of information was to be found in the articles, ofices, and formularies of the ohurch. Prima facie, then, the Thirty-nine Articles were the standard of doctrine; they were framed for the express purpose of preventing diversity of opidion ; and certainly they were first to be considered and applied to in endeavouring to ascertain the doctrine of the church, Ilut if they fell short, or were silent upon any particular point, what then should be resorted to? Should they resort to the opillons of those by whom the Articles had been framed, or to other declarations of the church ? It had been most distinctly stated, upon the high authority of bishop Burnet, that 'The truest indication of the sense of a church is to be taken from her language in her public offices: this is that which she speaks the most frequently and the most publicly; even the articles of doctrine are not so much rcad,or so often heard, as her liturgies are. And as this way of reasoning has been of late made use of with great advantage gainst the church of tome, to make her accountable for all her public offices in their plain and literal meaning, so will 1 make use of it on this occasion. It is stronger in our case ; whose oeces being in atongue understood by the people, the argument from them does more evidently.conclude here.' Sir Herbert having laid down the prin ciple of appealing to the articles, and then, if doubts arose, not ' to the private opinions of individuals, however eminent fortheir piety, learning, ,or station,' but "simply to th'e public acts and declarations of the church,' proceeds to examine the twenty fiftli and twenty- seventh of the' thirty-nine articles,' and finding that thereis. difficulty in 'applying the doctrine of these articles to the. case of infants, without further light than `what there is in thliemselves, he goes onito.examine the. baptismanl formularies, and :upon these 'arrives at his result.. After looking at what the '.ser vices' address to those wbhoattend-to the prayers which the congregation are directed to offer, that the child' might be baptized with water and the Holy. Ghost' ( and the Holy Ghost, not water. only,' as he re marks, emphatically, in passing); after. noticing another prayer, that the child 'coming to holy baptism might receive remissiont of his sins by spiritual regenera tion' (again' remarking, ' not regeneration simply, not sacramental regeneration, but spiritual, generation') : after showing that as soon as the'rite has been administered,. the officiating priest says to the congrega tion,j. . Seeing now, dearly beloved, that this child is regenerate, and grafted into the body of his church, let us give thanks to the Almighty God for, these benefits;' after observing that this is followed by a prayer in which 'hearty thanks are yielded 'to 'God that it hiath pleased him to regenerate the infant with his holy. spirit;' after showing, from the 'office for the private baptism of infants,' and from the teaching of the 'church catechism,' that all these expressions must be taken in their ' plain, literal, grammatical sense,' without attenuating reservations,, implicated conditions, or doubtful hypotheses-he sums up the whole matter thus :- The points which have to be decided are I. Does the church of England hold the doctrine of baptismal regeneration in the case of infants? 2\. Does Mr. Gorham hold this doctrine ? It js quite clear from the formuila ies of the church, that children do receive spiritual regeneration in baptism.. It is also evident, from tihe whole tenorof his examination, and from his counsel's argument, that M\r. Gorham does not hold this doctrine. 'The bishop of Exeter has, consequently, shown sufficient cause for refusing to institute Mr. Gorham to the liitng of lrampford Spoke; and therefore his lordship must be dismissed, and with his costs.'" 