MISCELLANEOUS. Greek Marriage in Manchester Lately a marriage, according to the rites of the Greek Church, took place at the Greek Church, Lloyd street, Great Duchie- street. As this is the first marriage, according to these rites, which has taken place in Manchester, it may not, perhaps, be uninteresting to give a brief account of the ceremonial. The bridegroom was Mr. S. N. Frangopola, Bankfield, Higher Broughton, and the bride was Miss Acalosto, of Marseilles. It is usual amongst the Greeks, as with us, for the wedding party to proceed to church from the house of the bride; but in this instance the party went from the house of the bridegroom, with whose family the bride had been staying. The ceremony takes place about mid-day in this case it was at eleven o'clock. The bride and bridegroom are accompanied to church by a groomsman and a bridesmaid and also by a person called a combaro, who fills as we shall see a very important place in the proceeding. There may, indeed, be more than one combaro, but this is not usual. Then, of course, besides these, there are the friends of both parties, who, though present at the service, are merely bystanders, and take no part in it. On the party reaching the church, the principal priest advances towards them, and taking them by the hand leads them up to a square table placed in " the middle of the church. -The lady stands on the left hand of the bridegroom, and on the i ' other side of each stands the bridesmaid or groomsman, as the case may be, with a lighted taper in his or her hand. The friends stand round. While on the other side of the table, his back towards " the temple" (the especially sacred part of the church) and his face towards the west, stands the principal priest ; near him i stands the dean, an inferior priest, ready to assist him in the reading of parts of the ritual. \- On the table is a tray, in which are placed a copy of the New Testament, an image of the . Virgin Mary, two coronets of flowers, and two rings. The bride and bridegroom having been led up to the table, the priest begins to read the ritual. On arriving at a particular prayer, the \- two rings are placed upon the New Testament. On the conclusion of the prayer, the priest takes up one of these rings, and after making with it the sign of the cross on the New Testa- ment, he presents it to the bridegroom, saying, " The servant of God, Mr. M., is betrothed to the servant of God, Miss N., in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost Amen." He next presents the ring with the same words. to the bride, and then a second time to the bridegroom, this time placing the ring upon his finger. He next takes up the second ring, and after crossing it upon the Testament, goes through the same ceremony with- it, beginning and ending with the bride, upon whose finger the ring is placed. Then the friend, coiled the combaro, takes the ring off the finger of the bride, and places it on that of the bridegroom, and the ring from the bridegroom's finger upon that of the bride and this he repeats twice, so that in the end the ring which was on the bridegroom's finger remains on the brides, and sice 'seen. This concludes ((the betrothal, which is generally performed immediately before the marriage; although in' cases where parties are betrothed when very young, years may elapse between the two ceremonies. However, where, as in this case, the ceremonies are immediately consecutive, prayers follow the changing of the rings, and while the prayers are offering, the priest places the two colonies on the Testament in the same way as the two rings were before placed there. On the conclusion of the prayers, he performs with the crowns exactly the same ceremonies as before with the rings, repenting the same words, with the exception of the word "married" in stead of the word " betrothed, and leading by placing one of the crowns upon the head of the bride, and the other upon that of the bridegroom A portion of the ritual follows. When the priest comes to a certain passage, in this, which speaks of the parties as being united, the combaro takes the little finger of the right hand of each, and links them together; and (Hebrides and bridegroom remain thus united during the remainder of the service. The priest then leads the bridegroom and bride, with the combaro or combaros, twice round the table, stopping at each of the four sides ; meanwhile there is some singing by a single voice-the only part of the ceremony into which music enters, the parties having resumed their former places, the priest presents a little wine to the bridegroom and bride, with appropriate words accompany- ing it. We have not been able to ascertain the meaning of this part of the ceremony, though it probably has some reference to the wine at the marriage of Cana. The fifth chapter of St. Paul's epistle to the Ephesians, in which the apostle dwells upon the relative duties of husbands and wives and the chapter of St. John's gospel narrative of the marriage feast of Cana in Galilee, with the miraculous conversion of water into wine, are then read and these are followed by a single prayer. Any of those present may then kiss the bride and the bridegroom. It is seldom, however, that any but the relatives or intimate friends avail themselves of this privilege. The full ceremony would consist in kissing both the face and the crown ; but the kissing of the crown being the material piece, the former is often omitted. Another short prayer is then offered up, which concludes the marriage service. The bride and bridegroom, with their parents and two witnesses, then sign the marriage registry, after which the whole party return to the house from which they started in the morning, where they partake of cake and wine, and the day is generally closed by other festivities. yan chester Guardian. Musical Sympathies Voltaire is commonly stated to have been a later and despises of the art of sweet sounds ; but there is perhaps as much evidence against the assertion as for it, in his works. Gretrysays of him that he would sit with a discontented face whilst music was going on-which, considering what French music was in his time, might argue not a worse year than his neighbours, but a better. But grant- ing Voltaire had no musical sympathies in him, and it goes against our consciences to think he had his friend and fellow thinker, Frederiohof Prussia, had them in great degree and a man as unlike both as this world could offer, the late Dr. Chalmers had none at all except, of course, that he liked a Scotch air, as all Scotch- men, by some merciful provision of nature, appear to do. Then, it may seem natural to our preconceived ideas that such a mind as Horace Walpole's should have no capacity for musical pleasure ; but by what possible analogy was it that Charles Lamb's should have just as little? How came it to pass that Rousseau, the worth- less ancestor of Radicals, was an enthusiastic and profound musician-while Dr. Johnson, the type of old Toryism, did not know one tune from another ; or that Luther pronounced music to be one of the best gifts of heaven, and encouraged the study of it by precept and example, while Calvin and Knox persecuted it as a snare of the Evil One and conscientiously condemned it to perpetual degradation in their churches ? All we can say is, that the majority pay her homage, that it is one of her heavenly attributes to link those natures together whom nothing else can unite. Men of the most opposite characters and lives that history can produce fraternise in music. If Alfred loved her, so did Nero ; if Cour de Lion was a sweet musician, so was Charles IX ¡ if George III. delighted in all music, especially in that of a sacred character, so did Henry the Eighth; if the hero of our own times, the motto of whose life has been duty, is musical both by nature and inheritance, his antagonist, Napoleon, at least hummed opera tunes. Oliver, Cromwell bade a musician ask of him what favour he pleased. John Wesley remonstrated against leaving all the good tunes to the devil. Every private family could quote some domestic tor- ment and some domestic treasure, alike in nothing else but in a love for music. There is no forming any system of judgment. There is no looking round in a concert-room, and saying in one's heart, these people are all of one way of thinking; they are all intelligent, of all humane, or all poetical. There is no broad mark young and old, high and low, passionate and meek, wise and foolish babies, idiots, insane people-all, more or less, like music. At most, there are some who are indifferent, or fancy themselves so, as much from want of opportunity as of taste-some who don't care for bad music, and never hear good, if so hard a lot can be imagined ; but there is only one class of men who condemn it, and those are fanatics and there is only one order of being, according to Luther, who have it, and those are devils Quarterly Review'. Conviction for Perjury Robert Bailey, an aged man, surrendered to take his trial for wilful and corrupt perjury. The prosecutor was a person named Bennett, who carries on the business of a soda-water manufacturer at Brixton It appeared that the defendant went into his service in March last, and he was engaged as " bottles," and continued in that employment until the 30th of June, when, in consequence of some misconduct, the prosecutor discharged him, and at the same time paid him the whole of his wages. A few days afterwards the defendant caused a writ to be issued against the prosecutor for £27 3s. 4d., alleging that this amount was due to him for arrears of wages and for rent money, and on the 10th of July the 1 defendant went before Mr. Justice Patteson, at chambers, and deliberately made an affidavit that he had been informed by a person named John Redding, who was in the service of the prosecutor, that he was about to leave the country, and that he had disposed of his business, and had sent a number of trunks, containing his wearing apparel and other property, to a person named Rawlins, who resided near the Bank of England, to be sent on board a vessel bound for Australia, and which was expected to sail on the 25th of July, and that the prosecutor intended to take his departure in her. The effect of this affidavit was to justify the learned judge in issuing a warrant, authorising the apprehension of the prosecutor, and his detainer in custody until he found bail to the amount of the debt and costs The present prosecution was founded upon this affidavit, and the evidence clearly established that there was not a particle of truth in the statements that were made by the defendant. The prosecutor swore positively that he never had intention to go to Australia that he did not owe the defendant a farthing; and also that no person named John Redding had ever been in his service and all the other allegations made in the defendant's affidavit were negatived in an equally distinct manner. The jury found the defendant Guilty, but recommended him to mercy on account of his age. The learned Judge observed that but for the recommendation of the jury he should certainly have felt it his duty to pass a sentence of transportation upon him. He then ordered the defendant to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for fifteen months. 1 Destinies Fatally Linked to Louis Philippe Cassimir Perrier died mad of anger and despair. Lafitte, the opulent banker, sponsor (le pertain) for the revolution of 1830, died, ruined in fortune, and overwhelmed by grief and remorse Marshal Mortier fell a victim to Fiaschi's infernal machine. Mr. Hermann, minister of finance, terrified by the approach of bankruptcy, was struck down by a fit of apoplexy. M. Pnjol, the hero of Rambouillet, died in consequence of a fall down the staircase of the Tuilleries M. Gisquet saw his political life closed in all the disgrace of most scandalous legal process M. Villemain was seized by a fit of mental aberration, which led to absolute insanity, in the midst of his ministerial functions. M, Martin (du Nord), minister of justice and public worship, died insane. His Royal Highness the Duke of Orleans, without any external wound, or even an apparent physical cause of death, lost his life by merely jumping out of a carriage. MM. Cubieres and Teste, both ancient ministers and peers of France, both equally dishonoured and degraded ; the latter endeavoured to commit suicide, and has been condemned to a long imprisonment. The Duke de Praslin, peer of France, and cham berlin of her Royal Highness the Duchess of Orleans, put an end to his life by poison, after having perpetrated the most odious of crimes. The Princed'Eokmuhl, another peer of France, a friend from his youth of the House of Orleans, escaped the consequences of atrocious crimes only by obvious insanity. Count de Brisson, the able diplomatist, who negociated the Spanish marriages, and was afterwards appointed ambassador to Naples and Peer of France, committed suicide at the moment when his success astonished European. Taylor's House of Orleans We Rectify no Mistakes-tar. Jesserun, treasurer of the Building Association in the city of New York, received from the Seamen's Savings Bank, a 1,000 dollar bill instead of 100. He did not discover the mistake at the time, nor until an hour or twcgáfterwards, when he was within an ace of passing away the bill for the amount he supposed it to represent, but caught a glimpse of the additional cipher before he passed it out of his hands. Hurrying back to the bank, he informed the paying teller that he had made a mistake. " We rectify no mistake after the parties have left the bank, was the reply. " Yes, but you've paid me too much money." This was quite " another pair of sleeves. The officers of the bank were instantly on the qui vive. Mr. Jesserun handed in the 1,000 and received a 100 in return, without even a thank you I" by way of dif- ference. Veto York Globe. Breach of Promise For the benefit of our unmarried friends of both sexes, to whom a right understanding of the law may be important, we copy the following from an opinion of Judge Black, recently affirmed by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, per Coulter, Justice, "Dovey v. McMillan," 8 Bar, 160:-"If a man offers to marry a woman or promises to do it, he is not bound to comply with it, unless she agrees to accept him. It takes two to make a marriage contract, as well as any other bargain. Where a man has a contract of marriage with a woman, and merely puts it off, and she becomes impatient, she cannot drag him into court and demand damages, unless she has formally offered to perform the contract on her part, and he dis- honestly refuses, and so puts an end to the contract, because, perchance, he would prefer the marriage to the suit, and he ought to have a chance to make a choice." The Queen's Pictorial Commissioners' learn from the Limerick Chronicle, that Mr. Bickham Escott, late M.P. for Winchester, deputed to sketch the most beautiful sites of natural scenery and modern cultivation in Ireland, in order that the Queen may make a selection for her visit next year, has been in Limerick taking sketches of the picturesque wood and water scenery of Castle Connell. Conversion of the Jews to Chiistianîly.-A short time since, Chevalier Bunsen made a statement in public to the effect that the number of conversions to Christianity amongst the Jews in Prussia had increased more than fifty per cent, since the removal of the civil disabilities by which they had been fettered in Germany. The Steam ship " Canada." The Canada in her last passage home, made 892 miles in three successive days, a greater speed, we be live, than was ever maintained for so long a period, at one time, by any of the line of steamers. ' General Taylor Visiting a Seminary The young ladies of Edgeworth Seminary, Sewickly, Pennsylvania, requested Taylor to drive within the grounds as he passed, that they might see one of whom their fathers and brothers had talked so much, and as delicacy forbade their turning to the roadside to gaze at him. He compiled with the request, and being introduced, said :-" Young Ladies It is with pleasure that I present myself before you at this time. To me it is always pleasing to meet with the young and beautiful and it is my earnest hope that in your present favourable position you may be well prepared for future happiness and future usefulness. Accept of my sincere thanks for the honour conferred upon me in your request, especially on account of the flattering and courteous termsinwhichyour invitation was couched. New York Tribune. Murder of O'Connor-On understand that the property of Patrick O'Connor for whose murder the Mannings were executed, is about to be divided amongst his relatives, residing in this country ; one of whom is the present parish priest of Templemore, the others are persons in rather humble circumstances. It is supposed that it will amount to £7000 or £8000 Clon mel Chronicle. Charcoal and Cholera correspondent of the Times says-" A friend of mine, in Bristol (not a medical man), lately had a child so ill with the cholera that the medical man considered it a hopeless case, and left nature to take its course. Collapse had come on, and the child could take nothing but water, of which she was allowed to take as much as she could. What induced my friend to make the experi- ment I do not know, but he got a few corks, charred them in the ashes of his fire, and freely mixed the charcoal so made with the water, and, to the surprise of all, the child was fully restored. In reply to my query, he said he used cork charcoal because it is more impalpable than other charcoal, and mixed more freely with the water." Singular Tradition The Eagles of the Bairds At one period there was a pair of eagles that regularly nestled and brought forth their young in the rocks of Pennant ; but according to the tradition of the country, when the Earl of, Aberdeen purchased the estate from the Bairds, the former proprietors, the eagles disappeared, in fulfilment of the pro- phecy, by Thomas the Rhymer, " That there should be an eagle in the crags while there was a Baird in Auchmedden." But the most remarkable circumstance, and what certainly appears incredible, is, that when Lord Haddo, eldest son of the Earl of Aberdeen, married Miss Christian Baird, of Newbytb, the eagles returned to the crags and remained until the estate passed into the hands of the Hon. Wm > Gordon, when they again fled, and have not since been seen in the country. Sharpe's Journal, 