The Yarn. ASTONISHING A NEW CABIN-BOY. " An old man-o-war's man now lying in Long /leach." '.' Don't opon your month so wido, or tho pur- ser's stoward will novor ho ablo to measure il for a spoon.'!-Dick Green* . " By tho timo I've dono with him, Jack, ho*ll know a handsaw from a poop- lantern."-The Yellow Admiral. " " Just walt a hit,'Jemmy,** said old Bobstny, who was as brown nnd hard as an old plank, and "'dry ns'tho remainder' biscuit," after a long voyago ; " you'll soo a thing or two ns will asto- nish you. When you've tbavod with n tar-brush as long ns I hu ve, and 'takon in your hold as much salt junk, your eyelids will bo clewed up, und you'll bo ns wide awako ns a shark. " Wo ain't had a riglar breozo yet, ßy jingo, if I ain't sood tho wind so high, that wo wero obloogcd to whistlo for lt aforo it would como donn nnd fill'tho canvass. Think o' that now. " 1 romerrtbor wo was b.noo oft tho Capo, when lt blowod groat guns, and so tho skipper ordored 'em to bo rim in, and tho small arms to bo put: out. ,'' ' '. ' " Tho wind was right nstnrn, and wo had plontyo'soa-room, though it wnsso pitch-dark wo cou'dn't seo nothing. Well, wo unshipped tho rudder, and stowed it away in tho after hold, for fear it should bo carried away, and lnshod tho binnack) 'round tho holmsmnu's neck. The skipper ordered all tho loblolly boys below, for fear they should get wet t and, wrapping himself up In lils own thoughts, socurod with tho main shcot. walked up and down titi deck liken ghost.; ." ,'' Tho sails wero soon splitMnto ribbons ; ainlj 'tho skipper and uiata losiittr their hu tn, away wu went under haro polos I Weill presently over- board went tho sticks ; so wo rigged n jury-mast' with tho main -hatohwuy fur a sall, omi away wo scudded Uko smoko I Tho wlnd| was now linlf, Knut, and by dorriek ! and blowing a liurrloniio. . Wo aro ¡nil going to Davy Jones,'says thc skipper, 'Not yet, Cnpp'eii,' say» I ., ' and If you'll only lilt mu take tho helm, I'll runhor safo oil sh oro lio foro you omi say .Inc li Robinson.' ? "'Do lt.' mys ho. Well, so I ordorod nil hands to bowso tho jib, mid lower tho pumps, nnd put ovorythlnk In ship-shapo. ' And now,' soys I,';' mate, wo on'y wniit a li/flit ¡' and so I tutti 'cm to got mo a gai'on' or two of oil nut of tho. wales, and taking hnjf n doiou purser's shirts to make it wick, rigged tho cnbooso chimney for a v?1^ .<;",>vc Lamp ; nntl Alling thc kcttlo with tho oil. I soon j saw my way : wa'n't there a btato, thal'* all ! I put about tho ship itt a twinkling, and away abo wont. . Koop her hoad to tho wind.' says t : and Io ! and behold I runs thu bowsprit right »lap into tho wind's oyo ! and puts him out cluan as a whistle ; for, sure enough, ho chopped round, and wo run right high and dry atop o' Table Mountain. But, my oyo ! when wu piped all bauds on deck, wo found tho vessel had not only lost her keel, but was clean shaved off to tho gunwale and wo'd been floating all tho while on tho deck ! All tho loblolly boys had gonu to tho Ashes ! " ' What a providence' says I to my mate» ¡ 'surely this proves that whou a man sticks to his duty ho's suro to be rewarded^ whllo them as skulks goes to tho bottom.' " Put this in your log, Jemmy s'not up to it, and you'll bo p'rbaps an admin:!." 