ABscosoING OF A CLESK.-A per son named Etraton, who held the situ ation of clerk in the Aylesbury Savings bank, has we hear, ahbscoded with a large sum of money with which he had been enitrusted by an aged relative. It appears that he had ab!sented himself from the olii o on false prete:.ses, and that the sus, icions of his principj', Mr. .ames, we-t first aroused against him by the production on Wedneslday Iint by a person named Faulkner of a book coutailiing itti,, to lth amount of £30 in the hatil-wr ting of Stratton, and bearing no folio uniler for the ledger, nor any timanager's check. Mr. James immediately sent instructions to town to have the Joulindlur, toullnd frotm l on don to Adelaide, searclit, while he himrnself proceeded by mail-train to Li verpool, in the hope of intercepting itral?tn tlire. Stratton, however, hadl sailed under his own name, with his wife andI t'wo children, for New Yoak, by the steam-ship Canada, on Saturday. spplication has 5ince been made to tho Secretary of State, in thilpeIop -that Goternment would obtain the delin. quent's arrest in A merina. Unfort,. n:tely, however, the.treatyin force be. tween the two countries would not au. thorize any interference, unless to his other crime lie has added forgery. Flop1es are enter'ained that Stratton's defl calinm extend over a short period of time, and to an nmount execeedinly smt i1 wihen compared with the property which he has left availa.s'p to cover themn. Ftr.t rLE EMIGRATION.-Yesterday alfternton a public meeting was held at the Coturt-house, M?irylebone, to taoke measures for co-opera'ing with the central comtmittee appointed to carry out Ml r. S. Herbert's scheme of emisra_ tion. The Rev. Dr. Spry presided, and briefly expltained the objects of the meoinz. Captain Holland proposed the first resilition, to the effct that a letter be written to the honorary seere. tary of the central committee pledging the meeting to form forthwith a "parn. chial association in aid of the common object." TIris propos tion was second. ed by Mir. Ilalks and supported by the IRev. Mr. utirn-y; by lir. ('harie; Elliott, lwho was isn larour it centralizing the runn agemest of this great plan as mruch as possible; by Mlr. Brown, who hoped that the society o auld not limit theirobljects to he emigration of needle. womrn ; by ilr H. C. Wilson, who contended l'hat the undertaking wasona emphatically national. The conr. munication did not pledge the associa. tion to any particular course of pro coeding, ''Tne resolution was th,?t. adopedt unanimously, and a largo samount of stubscriptions, headed by Lord Dudley Stuart, rI.P., for £1l., having been annorunced, a voteof thanks was passed to the rev. chairmuan at! the meeting selpara'ed. SOaNA.IctL-SrIs.- When on a voy. age;to New York, we were not four days at sen before an occurrence of a very st?-ular nature broke our q liet. It was a Ghost I One night, when all was still and dark, anti the ship rolling at sea before the wind, a nman eprangsud denlyon deck in his shirt, his hair erect, his eyes starting from their sock ats. and loudly vocilerating that he hadl seen a ghost. After his horror had a I the soubsided, we asked him what he had seen ? lHe said lie saw the figure of a woman dressed in whi-e, with eyes of flaming fire : that she came to his hammock and sta'ed him in the face. This we treated was an idle dream, and sent the frantic lellow to his bedt. The story heeare' the subject of, every one; and the succeedin, ntight produced half-a-dozen more terrified men, to cor roborate what had happened to the first; and all agreed in the sames story, that it was a twomntn. The rumour darly increasing, at length came to the ears of the captain ant ollicers, vwho were all equally soelicitouc to d iscover the true cause of this terrific report. I placed myself night after night beneath the hammoclks, to watch its appearance, but all in vain, yet still the appearance was nightly, as usual, and the horrors and fears of the people rather dai y increased than diminished. A phan tom of this sort rather amusetl than perplexed my mind; and when I had given over every ideaof discoveriog the cause of this strange circumstance, and the thing began to wear away, I was surprised one very dark night, when seated under the boats, with a stately fiture in white stalking along the deck ! The singularity at the event struck my mind that this must be the very iden tical ghost which had of late so much disturbed the ship's company. I there fore instantly dropped down, frorn the place I was in, to the deck, on which it appeared, when it passed imtnedi. ately very quickly, turned round, and marched directly forwards. Ifollowed itclosely, through the gallery, and out at the Iead- tioors, when the figure in stantly disappeared, which very much astonished me. I tlen leaped upon tihe forecastle, and asked of the people who were walkine there, if tsuch a figure had passed them ? They replied, N'so itllh some emotio? anl pleasure, as I had ever ridicu'tl all their reports on this subject. liHowever, this night's scene between meanti tilhe ghost became the theme of ti' e ensuing day. Nothing particular transpired till twelve o'clock, when, as tile people were pricking at the tub for their brief, it was discovered that Jack Sutton was missing. The ship's company was directly mustered, and Jack was no where to be found, I then ioquir I of his tnessmates the character of tite mno; anid after a numn her ofinierrogstories, one of tliem said, thatl JTick Sutton tI tedl to teil them a ntllnber of cumic.l jokes about his walkino in hisi sleep. No tlhe aystery wa s untlrave ledl: ;aind this terrilic _ghost, lwhicih had c) Outch alnrtied all the sailors, now provedi to be the poor un furtunate J tck Suttou, who had walked overboard ii his diream. The first fel low whlo spr-nadl this report, and who shewed such signs of hlorrir, was found on inquiry, to be a most flagitious vil lain, who h?ad murdered a woman, whot be believed always haunted him; and ithe appearance of this sleep.walker confinrmoed in his mi.d the gh0ist of thL itiurd,-red ftir one; br in suchi cases, 'onscience is a bucy monitor, and ever acti ve to its owin p ill anld dlisturbance, -Ur. Binn's Ainarrny of sleep. At Diudenons Pound, to be sold 2nil July, 1 dark bay gelling, aged, star on trelhead, hllck points, short switclh tali, has collar and saddkl narks, Siar on oall ribs, branded S 3 on off haboulder. Edited, printed, and published, by the Proprietor, James Harrison, at his Office ie ialop-street, Nothlt Geelong, 