FLOGGING OF WOMEN. The Wanderer of Vienna publishes a case of barbarity, perpetrated by Au- strian soldiers on a Hungarian lady, which can scarcely be credited by civilised men. It is one of the most cruel and unmanly outrages recorded in history ; and no retribution can be too severe for the wretch who has committed it. As it now stands it is a stain on the whole nation ; but we trust that Austria will speedily disclaim all sym- pathy with such crimes, by inflicting the most extreme penalty on the crimi- nal. Its punishment ought to be made a point of national honour and mora- lity ; and we will not doubt that the Emperor will cause justice to be done to the unhappy lady, or that he will efface from his country the blot of such a son, else his truest friends must withdraw from him in horror at a concurrence at once unkingly and inhuman. The letter which Madame de Maders- bach has written is remarkable for its temperate tone, and for a certain patience of despair far more melancholy than the most vehement complaints. Without parade, without invective, she tells how a detachment of Lichten- stein's Light Horse, commanded by a captain, whose name is not given, entered Ruskberg, where she resided, and in the neighbourhood of which 10,000 Hungarians had surrendered at discretion two days before. Without charge, and without the form of a trial or even of an examination, she was sud- denly torn from her home, dragged into the centre of a square formed by the troops, and there, in broad day-light, in the presence of the whole population, publicly, cruelly, brutally flogged. Her husband, maddened by such atrocities, blew out his brains, and this last tra- gedy so excited the people, that they would have killed the officer had he not been too well guarded. We cannot wonder that the husband was unable to survive the indignities inflicted on the mother of his children. It must make the heart of the coldest man burn with indignation merely to picture to himself that scene, as occurring to a woman of any age or class; and still more so, when occurring to a lady so delicately nurtured, and so respected and be- loved as Madame de Madersbach appears to have been. The cultivated and delicate-minded gentlewoman exposed to the coarse eyes of vulgar men, her flesh striped and bleeding with the whip, her womanly delicacy outraged, her matronly dignity insulted, soul and body alike exposed to torture to gratify one brutal man! This were shame enough to any age or to a savage race, but it is intolerable disgrace to the Europe of the nineteenth century. In truth, there has been too much of this! It is time that the Austrian Government inquired fully, and punished sternly all who have so disgraced the name of their country, and so violated her laws , in order to satisfy universal humanity of their horror and disgust at such barbari- ties. We trust soon to hear an empha- tic and complete refutation of the charge ; or, being found true on inves- tigation, to learn that the Government has awarded the greatest degree of punishment to the cowardly slave who has thus outraged every feeling of man- hood and of decency. Such men are not fit to live. They are weeds that only serve to cumber the ground—poi- sonous parasites that destroy the best tree. They disgrace humanity, and make honest men blush at their com- mon existence; they give the lie to him who believes in good, and so deform the world that they are unfit to breathe the air of Heaven, for their lives are out of tune with the harmony which God has instituted. The Austrian Government must feel the necessity of arresting the course of these atrocities, and of showing by punishment, its repudiation of such abandoned wretches. One prompt act of this nature would be sufficient to de- ter others, and would free the Austrian name from such foul blots as else cannot be obliterated by ages. But let us now look to home. An accusation, such as we certainly never expected to be made against an Englishman, has been laid before the Emigration Commissioners against the surgeon of an emigrant ship, called the 'Ramilies.' He is charged with flog- ging, by his own hand, four or more female emigrants during the outward voyage to South Australia The case has not been fully investigated, but it is asserted that four girls—who may have been disorderly and mischievous and who probably were so—were flogged by the surgeon in the presence of the captain and two assistants. The backs of the poor women, it is said, were ex- amined by a respectable matron, who states that she found them scored and wealed with large thick stripes, black and blue, and that one "was bleeding." Granting them to have been trouble- some—granting them guilty of very gross misconduct—no possible excuse can be offered for a mode of punishment so utterly barbarous and unmanly. Surely there are restrictive and coercive measures for women superior to flogging them by men! Surely a strict moral discipline is better than an exercise of brutal force, and a judicious mixture of kindness and authority more effective, as an engine of control, than placing them on a level with dogs and horses, striking them with the whip to teach them reason, and exposing their persons to teach them modesty and womanliness of demeanour! The inhumanity of this mode of punishment is so revolting, the indelicacy so shocking, the prepon- derance of the lower element of man so degrading, that we rank this action higher in the scale of atrocity than a larger legal offence committed from the impulse of passion. It is particularly bad, occurring where and how it has occurred. When Government has been taking pains to make emigration invi- ting to the poor, it is excessively an- noying that any cruel and unmanly ruffian should have the power to des- troy their confidence in the arrange- ments made for their welfare, and to make them cling to poverty and wretch- edness at home rather than risk exposing themselves to such indignities. Women are wanted in the colonies to an extent that leads to unheard of dis- comfort and disaster; and the numeri- cal inequality of the sexes is one of the peculiar hardships of an emigrant's life. To entice them out by every kindness and every indulgence, as far as is morally healthful—to make them feel protected and cared for, has been the Government endeavour, and hitherto it has worked tolerably well. A brutal, cowardly act can destroy this endeavour, and four petty individuals damage the best and most humane designs of an Executive. It cannot be that an inquiry will not be instituted into this affair without delay. If this charge be false, it is due to the accused; if true, it is due to the Govern- ment, to those poor victims, and to the nation. No accusation of this kind ought to be disregarded. It involves grave consequences—graver even than the mere violation of humanity, and it must not be lost sight of till it has been clearly proved or clearly disproved. And if proved, a commensurate, swift, and unfailing punishment must be awarded to men who have disgraced the name of Englishmen, degraded themselves below the rank of savages or brutes, and placed themselves in direct opposition to the wise and beneficent designs of Govern- ment.—Morning Chronicle. Among the many lamentable cases of misery and wretchedness which have come within the range of our experience we have always given a very prominent place to that commemorated in the lines, " There was an old woman who lived in a shoe; She had so many children she did not know what to do." This is, indeed, the ne plus ultra of human woe. Could any vigour of de- scription or strength of colouring go beyond it. Fancy the good old creature in her narrow dwelling, and, probably narrower circumstances, with a tribe of squalling and disagreeable brats worry- ing her to death with their quarrels, trying her temper with their noise, and driving her to distraction by demands and wants which she has it not in her power to relieve. This is the climax. Well may the poet sum up the tale of affliction in the result, "she did not know what to do." But reality is as strange as romance. Let us change the scene, and we shall find that this bothered and puzzled, and perplexed old lady yet lives. Mutato nomine de te fabula narratur. We find her at the Colonial Office in the person of Earl Grey, who, with forty-three colonies bombarding him with their complaints, which arrive in increasing loudness with every wind that blows, has such a delightful life of it that, like the heroine "of the shoe," he is fairly nonplussed, driven to his wit's end, and emphatically " does not know what to do. " A clever contemporary has, we see, compared his Lordship to another of the gentle sex, but by no means as amiable a specimen of it as the one to whom we have likened him. It says:— " A few months since a middle-aged woman was placed at the bar of the Marlborough street police office, charged with maltreating her chil- dren. She had a dozen of them. She defended herself by alleging that she was a hard- working widow—that her children were, one and all, the most ill conditioned and detestable brats that ever mother was cursed with—and that if she was a little severe with them, it was for their ultimate good. " And, after this flattering opinion, as flattering an inference is drawn ; namely that, in the universal hot water in which Earl Grey continues, if he does not de- light, to keep himself with the colonies, it is impossible that they can be all and always in the wrong and his Lordship invariably right. This would be, prima facie, the conclusion under any circum- stances, and the noble Lord's undeniable bad temper makes it inevitable in his. We need not circumnavigate the world to prove it against him ; the black spot of Ceylon is per se sufficient to establish his unfitness for the office which he fills, or rather, holds. If he does not know his incapacity already he will find it out, we can tell him, when Parliament meets. The Torringtonian escapades will then, like Banquo's ghost, confront him face to face. Other of his smaller proteges, if we mistake not, will then also be untowardly and unpleasantly shown up. Office is not all couleur de rose. It has its responsibilities as well as its pleasures, its pricks as well as its pickings. And this reminds us that, on another point, Earl Grey has been won- derfully like the old woman " who had so many children she did not know what to do. " With all his profuse bestowal of patronage upon his relations and hangers-on, and upon the relations and hangers-on of "the family party" of the Cabinet, he is still, we are told at the Clubs, beset by crowds of clamourers and needy applicants for out-door relief, many more mouths being open for the broken victuals of the Colonial Office than there are morsels to drop into them. But, experientia docet. Let us hope that he will take warning and hence- forth look at the antecedents of those whom he promotes into places of trust. Lord Torrington was a grower of big turnips. But, did that qualify him for being Governor of Ceylon?—Albion. HORSE RACING AT VALPARAISO—The natives are great horse-racers, and 'deuced cute hands too. The length of the course is from three and seven hundred yards; the horses are ridden by boys, of equal weight, often not more than eight years old. Many of these urchins enjoy high reputation as jockeys; they ride on a sheepskin with a sash round the horse's neck to hold on by. They have moderate-sized spurs, and a chicote, or short-handled whip, with a heavy thong, or sometimes three straps of leather. They are of course very anxious for the start, as a good one in such a short course secures the race. It is often hours be- fore they get fairly off. I never could understand clearly what was fair and what not, as much jostling is allowed. The only fair start I ever saw was from a line standing, and at a word off they went. A mare that was some time in my pos- session had been so well trained, that she would place all her four feet together, and at a word go off with a bound, as if impelled from a catapult. She was use- less, however, for a long race. The riders shout and yell to animate their steeds during the whole run. They sometimes start shoulder to shoulder, and then an adroit push throws the antagonist off his stride. On one occasion one of the little jockeys, an urchin of six or seven, gave his adversary's horse such a dig in the chest with his spur as to bring him to the ground, yet the legality of the race was allowed. More to the southward the races are longer; the wild Auracarian runs a league up hill. There is no science here; loose rein, whip, and spur, all the way. The horses undergo a curious training for these races. Equal quantities of green and hard food are given them, and very little exercise. After drinking he is pinned to a stake at lasso's length, made to trot round till "esta sudanao" (he sweats), and then taken home. Feeding is allowed just before the start. Horses of known speed are much valued, but no attempt is made to secure or improve the breeds. Those from the south are preferred from their superior bottom. The Chilians love gambling, and will bet not only money, but horse, saddle, spurs, poncho—every- thing they possess. There are very knowing fellows among them; beware of their challenge. The animal you look on with contempt in his strange saddle gear will perhaps outstrip a beauty.—Wal- pole's Four Years in the Pacific. THE PRESENT MILITARY GOVERNOR OF ROME—A correspondent of the Hampshire Guardian says :—"It is not perhaps generally known in this country that Baraguay d'Hilliers, the present Military Governor of Rome and Com- mander-in-Chief of the French army in Italy, was once a French prisoner of war in Porchester Castle, and at a time when no parole was granted to any pri- soner, whatever might be his rank. As a soldier of fortune he very early dis- tinguished himself among the leaders of the French revolutionary armies, and at the age of 33 years he was already the commander-in-chief of a division of the army under Bonaparte, in the cele- brated campaigns of 1796 and 1797 in Italy, in which the Austrian armies in that country were all but annihilated, and which terminated in the treaty of the 9th April, 1797. By this treaty and by the flagitious acts of injustice and robbery which followed it, Venice, which had vainly hoped to escape the rapacity of the French, by making fre- quent and large contributions of money and supplies to Bonaparte during his struggle with the Austrians, no sooner saw them humbled than she found her- self involved in the toils of a designing and most insidious enemy. Bonaparte seized on a trifling occasion to com- mence hostilities with the Republic, and sent Baraguay d'Hilliers with a French corps to take possession of Venice. The nobles would have defended it, and the British fleet was at hand, but the people were smitten with the prevailing mania of liberty and fraternity. They manned their gallies, and brought over Baraguay d'Hilliers and 10,000 men, who, in the course of a few weeks, stripped it of everything valuable within its walls ; among the rest the four brazen horses of Corinth, which had stood on their pedestals in the Place of St. Mark upwards of 600 years, were sent to Paris, and set up on the Arc de Triomphe, in the Place du Carrousel, whence they were taken by the Duke of Wellington, after the fall of Paris, and sent back to Venice. We next hear of Baraguay d'Hilliers on his return in the train of Napoleon, after his Egyptian campaign. The Emperor escaped the vigilance of the British cruizers, and got safely into a French port. Not so many of those who fol- lowed in his suite, for General Dessaix, the best cavalry officer in the French army, was taken by our cruisers, as were the celebrated Tallien and Baraguay d'Hilliers. The two latter were brought to Porchester Castle, and shortly after exchanged. Dessaix received some in- dignity, real or fancied, from his cap- tors, and ever afterwards declared him- self the personal enemy of every English- man. He was the man to whose skill Napoleon owed the battle of Marengo; the battle was decided, the victory gained, when Dessaix rallied the French cavalry. The Austrian cavalry, which had borne everything before them, had extended their line too widely, as troops are apt to do in moments of great suc- cess. Dessaix saw the error, and seized the critical moment to form up and charge. The contest was short but severe; the Austrian cavalry was driven from the field, and Dessaix plucked the laurels of victory from the brow of Melas, to place them on the head of Napoleon, but fell mortally wounded in the charge. Tallien and Baraguay d'Hilliers returned to France. The former has long since finished his mortal career, and is gone to his account. His- tory has yet to record many things worthy of being known in his life. The French nation owes to his courage the downfall of the atrocious Robespierre, and to him the unhappy Royalists cap- tured at Quiberon owe the destruction of 711 of their number. Baraguay d'Hil- liers still lives, possibly to work out the remnant of the destiny by the secularisa- tion of the Papal Government and the emancipation of the Italian people from priestly domination. It is somewhat extraordinary that this man, after up- wards of 50 years' service as a general, and the loss of an arm in battle, should he known only by his cognomen of Bara- guay d'Hilliers. He must now be upwards of 80 years of age, and in sta- ture above other men. In his youth he was a rough, straightforward soldier; and, by his demeanour since he has been in Rome, he appears to have preserved the same character. If Louis Napoleon means to carry out the purport of his celebrated letter on Roman affairs, Bara- guay d'Hilliers is a very fit man for his purposes." FORTUNE.—Young persons, very young ones, sometimes ask, "Do we not see ignorant men grow rich and flourish, and obtain a larger share of the good things of the world than the educated and en- lightened ?" Occasionally we do; but the exception does not shake the rule. There is such a thing as tumbling up stairs. But this is an exception; the general rule is to tumble down them. I heard of a man lately who offered some painted sparrows for sale as canaries, and the trick succeeded; but no one could hope to give to such a trade a fixity of tenure. We have been told of a mer- chant who shipped a consignment of warming-pans for the West Indies, and made money by the same, the sagacity of his agent having disposed of them as sugar- ladles for him; but the experi- ment was never repeated. Mazeppa, by an ingenious device of cruelty, was chained on his wild horse to be borne through all the agonies of torture, to a slow and lingering death, and was car- ried to a crown on his strange and mad- dened courser; but the same royal road to power and dominion has never found a rider since. And, even so, though the uneducated, by some chance or acci- dent, do not infrequently succeed better in worldly matters than the educated, still you may depend upon it, that, in the long run, ignorance is about the worst merchandise which a man can carry to market with him. Generally speaking, the ignorant man has to lean upon the crutches of extraneous support, whilst the educated man is self-dependent and self-sustaining. The one confides in the miseries and serf-badge of impor- tunity. The other waits for opportu- nity's flood-tide to sail on to success, if not to eminence.—Speech of the Rev. J. Aspinall at Lancaster. THE HOTTENTOT ON A TRAIL.—En- dowed with the most acute powers of vision, the faintest mark serves him as an unerring guide. With like facility he will, for miles and miles, trace the " spoor," or footsteps of either man or beast. Place him once on the trail, and no bloodhound can follow it up more accurately by scent than the Totty will do by sight. A single blade of grass removed from its original direction, the slightest appearance of moisture left by the displacement of even a small pebble, a ruffled leaf on the bush, are all suffi- cient evidences to direct him in discover- ing the spoor: by the appearance of which he will not only be able to tell whether the object of his pursuit has passed within three minutes or three days, but likewise whether his flight has been pre- cipitate or slow, whether he has moved with the confidence of strength, or that dread of detection inseparable from fear, weakness, or guilt.—Napier's Excursions in Southern Africa. RULES FOR READING.—In the selec- tion of books which you read, although mental relaxation is as necessary as bodily, do not devote yourself too much to those lighter works, which will only encourage and strengthen imagination in its flights and dreams. Fancy is a strolling player, whose vagrant courses should be checked, and brought within the rule and line of discipline and system. But read the best of the old, and the best of the new, the cream of both, with as little of the blue milk as possible ; and even so you will be able to make yourselves acquainted with only a slight sprinkling of the volumes which the teeming press is pouring forth day by day ; and even so you will only be like the ploughboy at the harvest home, who when he had swallowed so many good things that he had brought him- self to a state of surfeit, burst into tears, as the tables were cleared, and cried out, "there's all that pudding left, and I can't eat any more." And, in doing all this, make yourselves the masters, not the slaves of the books which you read, bringing all their contents before the bar of your judgment, and the test of your reason and common sense. I have always thought that a glorious exclama- tion of an eminent writer, in which he says, " I had better never see a book, than to be warped by its attraction clean out of my own orbit and made a satel- lite of instead of a system." All cannot be so ambitious as to being the authors and founders of a system, but all should strive, in the course of their reading, to extract the honey and leave the poison behind them.—Speech of the Rev. J. Aspinall at Lancaster. AN ECCENTRIC CHARACTER.—An old lady, 60 years of age, of weak intellect, and who gave way to all sorts of extra- vagances, had long had a very strong feeling of attachment for dogs and cats, of which she kept a large number; and when any of them died she had them stuffed, so that her apartment resembled the cabinet of a naturalist. In the midst of her collection she had had a hand- some mausoleum erected to the memory of one of her greatest favourites, and on the front of which were written the words, "Ci git Pompée." She had an old servant who resided with her, and who had imbibed most of the eccentri- cities of her mistress. The son of the lady, who occupies a rather high position in society, allowed his mother a suitable maintenance, but, finding that she denied herself the necessaries of life in order to indulge her whims, he solicited the proper authorization to place her in a maison de santé, where she would be taken proper care of. When the Com- missaire of Police of the Palais National, in consequence of the application, went two days ago to the residence of the lady, he found her in the most wretched con- dition with scarcely any clothing on her, and in her attire resembling closely the appearance of one of the gypsies depicted by Calot, and it was not without conside- rable difficulty that he persuaded her to quit her menagerie and remove to the asylum provided for her. POLITENESS REWARDED. —We copy from the New York Sun an amusing in- cident:—"A spruce-looking girl of 19, tripping along at a moderate pace, with a small bundle under her arm, was ac- costed by a gentlemen, who asked per- mission to accompany her. 'Certainly,' said she; 'just hold my bundle while I tie my stocking;' and, presenting it to him as she spoke, instantly ran off at full speed. The gentlemen felt a slight movement in the bundle, and in great trepidation trotted after her, repeatedly bawling out, 'Here, you woman, come back and take your baby.' Soon a crowd gathered to learn the nature of his dis- tress. ' A woman gave me her baby to hold, and then ran off,' piteously ex- claimed the man of burden. ' Take it to the almshouse,' shouted some half dozen voices. ' Let us see it first,' cried one more sagacious than the rest; and, as a large coarse towel was unfolded, out jumped a full-grown cat, who scampered off amid the vociferous shouts and laughter of all present save one, who looked awfully sad. It seems that a lady, desiring to rid her house of one of these animals, whose petty larcenies in the kitchen were a source of great annoyance, had commissioned the servant girl to take it out of the neighbourhood and drop it. AMERICAN COMMENTARY ON THE FIRST WEDDING.—Major Noah thus pleasantly and poetically discourses upon the "first wedding." "We like short courtships, and in this Adam acted like a sensible man. He fell asleep a bache- lor and awoke a married man. He ap- pears to have popped the question almost immediately after meeting Mad'lle Eve, and she, without flirtation or shyness, gave him a kiss and herself. Of this first kiss in this world we have had, however, our own thoughts, and some- times in a poetical mood have wished we were the man 'wot did it.' But the deed is done,—the chance was Adam's, and he improved it. We like the notion of getting married in a garden. It is in good taste. We like a private wedding. Adam's was private. No envious beaux were there; no croaking old maids; no chattering aunts and grumbling grand- mothers. The birds of heaven were the minstrels, and the glad sky flung its light upon the scene. One thing about the first wedding brings queer thoughts to us in spite of Scriptural truth. Adam and his wife were rather young to be married, some two or three days old, according to the sagest speculations of theologians; mere babies, larger, not older, without experience without a house, without a pot or kettle, nothing but love and Eden."— American paper. 