A VOYAGE TO PORT PHILLIP BY THE MEDWAY. THIRD ARTICLE. Our last article left us still in the English Channel, struggling to get out into the Atlantic. But Sunday, July 28th, (our first Sunday on board,) opened more auspiciously, and towards mid-day the sun shone out very pleasantly, tempting the pallid invalids out of their beds and cabins, to enjoy the soothing atmospheric influences. The wind becoming favourable, the studding sails were set, and as we skimmed smoothly down the Channel we felt the contrast between a quiet and turbulent sea. Provokingly enough, however, the breeze lulled in the afternoon, as if it had retracted its per- mission to allow us to get out of the English Channel; and by night we were only off Ply- mouth, with the sea apparently rising again. Here we were hailed by a pilot boat, which danced round us like an egg-shell on the billows ; but on being informed that the captain had no commands, it bore away, " walking the waters like a thing of life." Getting up on Monday morning, July 29th, we received the gratifying information that the voyage had really commenced. We had passed Falmouth at four o'clock in the morning, and were a-head of the Land's End. After break- fast, while seated on the poop, Captain Mackwood pointed to a speck on the horizon, and bid us take our last look of England. To say that we were unaffected would be saying too little, but it would be saying too much to affirm that we were deeply touched. "Some natural tears we dropped, but wiped them soon;" and the plain fact is, that having got over sea-sickness, and feeling that we had really commenced our voyage with a favouring breeze and a bright sky, we felt an exhiliration of spirits that neutralised despondency. Here we commenced what may be termed "regular habits," which were scarcely ever interrupted, even when the weather was very rough. Of course, we rose each morning, about a quarter to nine o'clock the "cuddy" bell rang for breakfast, which was a substantial meal of stewed or grilled meats, fish, bread or rolls, and coffee. At twelve o'clock the bell again rang for. "tiffen" or lunch, cold meat, cheese, and grog; and just before three o'clock we all retired, to make ourselves tidy for dinner. Dinner over, it was followed by a slight dessert, and a temperate glass of wine, varied in cold lati- tudes swith a glass of hot liquor. Tea was at six, and at eight o'clock we re-assembled in the cuddy, to rend or play at draughts, or cards, or talk, and participate in biscuits and a glass of grog. That over, the cuddy-lamp extinguished, and the floating night light set on the swing- ing tray, those who wished to smoke went out on the poop, and those who preferred their beds re- tired to their cabins. Once out in the Atlantic, we began to look about us, and to reflect on the nature of the enterprise on which we had entered. People now-a-days start on a voyage of sixteen thousand miles with far less apprehension of consequences, than a century ago was felt by travellers between Edinburgh and London, or Liverpool and Dublin. Coolly as the feat is now regularly performed, it is positively a wonderful thing to do. The voyager places himself in a collection of planks, and once floated on the world of waters that belt the globe, passes from beneath arctic to antarctic skies, exchanges the Great Bear for the Southern Cross, feels the heat of the Tropics, and is enabled to contrast the northern temperate zone with the southern; measures the length of Africa, and ventures close to the Brazilian coast, rounds the Cape, and traverses a vast waste of waters called the Great Southern Ocean, until he arrives at a country on the other side of the globe, where the seasons are reversed and the inhabitants of which are generally wide awake at the time when their relatives in England are usually fast asleep. And all this amount of sailing is done under the influence of faith. You see that the Captain and his officers are provided with compasses, chronometers, charts, sextants, barometer, and so forth ; and once accustomed to it, you retire to your bed, each night, in confidence that the route is well marked out, and that in due time you will be carried into port with a precision like that of the coachman, who turns a four-in-hand into an inn yard. Doubtless, sailing has become plain sailing since Galileo discovered the satel- lites of Jupiter, and Torricelli made the barome- ter, and Newton established, the principle of gravitation, and astronomers mapped out the stars, and Greenwich Observatory was built, and the Nautical Almanac constructed. Neverthe- less, he must be either very stupid, or very reck- less, or very indifferent, who does not, on first going to sea, muse and marvel over the fact that there is but a stout plank between him and the ocean, that in case of such a thing as fire, there is no back door out of which to run, and that he has literally entrusted himself, and all that he may hold dear, into the hands of one man, the Captain, who, for aught he knows, unless he has some skill in navigation, may carry him wither- soever he likes, at least so long as nought but sea and sky form his horizon. Nor must an- other consideration be omitted. A Londoner of inquisitive habits is accustomed to see the Times every morning, and thus by breakfast is daily informed of all that is occurring in every part of the habitable globe. Yet we had committed ourselves to the ocean, to be isolated for three months from all communication with our kind, except the small circle on board. During that three months the most stupendous events, it was possible, might occur, for in the compass of an hundred days, Napoleon escaped from Elba, once more elected himself emperor of the French, moved Europe in array against him, and was overthrown at Waterloo. Thus it was, that fairly out in the Atlantic, we began to see what kind of a ship we were in -a thing for the consideration of which we had been hitherto too hurried, too dull, or too sick, to bestow observation on. The Medway, a sharp, somewhat clipper-like or frigate-shaped vessel of upwards of 600 tons, had its "cuddy" or main cabin done up in a very tasteful was, the interior pannelled, papered, and artistically decorated, rendering it a light, cheerful apartment, used as drawing-room and dining-room. Behind, or " aft," were the private cabins; below, there was also spacious accommodation, but on this voyage nobody "resided" below, except the chief mate, the steward, and the stores, the remainder of the space being occupied with cargo. Folding doors opened from the cuddy on to the quarter-deck; ladders with brass rails afforded means of ascent to the roof of the cuddy and cabins, and this was the usual promenade, because its elevation kept it dry when seas were splashing over on the quarter-deck. The poop, however, was not the securest place for a landsman in such seas as we encountered in the Southern Ocean, when the ship rolled heavily. Round the poop were the hen-coops; stocked with poultry; while on the quarter deck, in front of the forecastle, was the jolly boat, covered over, the interior being inha- bited by sundry sheep and a goat and its kid, while in pens below there snorted large and small swine, whose destiny was to be converted into pork. The passengers consisted of three gentlemen, one lady, and four children, varying in age from six to twelve, Captain Mackwood, and the chief mate, Mr Kennedy, had been both in the Indian trade: this was only their second voyage to Port Phillip. Then there was the second mate, Mr Bunyan, a good officer, a handy, active seaman, and a most civil, obliging man ; the boatswain, Thomas Ellis, an elderly man, weather-beaten, and of solid and herculean pro- portions, who walked the deck, requiring, as they say ghosts do (but he was no ghost) to be chal- lenged before he would speak, but always civil to everybody, even when they interrupted him with questions while he was examining the state of the rigging; the carpenter, George Nelson Goldie, a tall, handsome, young Scotchman, modest in demeanour, obliging in manners, and so handy in his craft, that he could almost undertake to do any thing, from splicing a spar to carving a lady's work-box; and to these might be added, the cook, the steward, the cuddy servant, and the butcher. The crew was a mixed one. There were elderly seamen, who had ploughed the ocean in all latitudes, and young men acquiring the experience essential for assuming the com- mand to which they looked forward, besides sundry boys and lads serving an apprenticeship at sea. ln all, we mustered thirty-seven souls on board. Commencing our Atlantic voyage on Monday, July 29, we spanked through the water, rapidly overtaking and speedily leaving behind us an outward-bound ship. Next morning a shoal of porpoises gambolled about the ship, one of those trifling and common incidents which are so in- teresting to people shut up in a ship, because diversifying the monotony of the voyage. On Wednesday tlhe breeze abated, and in the even- ing the Medway lay almost becalmed. In the distance, another ship lay to, and a boat with three men, was seen to pull from it towards us. It came with a message from the captain of the Victoria, homeward bound from Vourla, in the Gulf of Smyrna, out sixty-three days, and short of water. Captain Mackwood supplied them not merely with water, but a cask to carry it in \- perhaps they had omitted to bring an empty one in their anxiety to reach us. While the cask was filling, all desks were put in requisi- tion, and sundry missives penned, dated from the Atlantic, and intended for anxious relatives in England. The cask being lowered, the seamen received each a glass of grog, and they pulled away to their own ship with their precious cargo, evidently much gratified by their reception. Nothing notable occurred for many days. We saw an occasional ship in the distance, but those who had never been at sea before began to feel a sensation of loneliness in the ocean ; and though the weather was fine, there were moments, when pacing the deck, even under a glorious canopy of stars, that one could exclaim, with the "Ancient Mariner" : "This soul hath been Alone on a wide, wide sea, So lonely 'twas, that God himself Scarce seemed there to be," It were, however, but the tedious repetition of a thrice told tale, to narrate the daily incidents of a voyage, which are familiar to thousands, which are of no importance, except to the indi- viduals concerned, and which fade from the memory after the time has passed away. Trying to catch a shark--fishing up a curious zoophyte -watching the flying fish-now running before the breeze--now becalmed-now baffled by a head wind, and a cross sea--these constitute the main recollections of weeks. We crossed the line very quietly, without being tested by even the common hoax of passing a thread across the object glass of the telescope, to enable us to see the line." 'At sea, within the tropics, though the ocean swarms with life, the air is compara- tively a desert, and it is not until one reaches the latitude of the Cape that the ship begins to be accompanied by the beautifully marked Cape pigeon, and other aquatic birds, whose presence cheers the solitude, and the catching of which, by means of a hook, baited with fat, affords amuse- ment. It was certainly a droll sight, to witness a great albatross awkwardly stalking the deck, nor was it ungratifying to watch how speedily the prisoner, when liberated, regained his power, on reaching his native element. After passing the latitude of the Cape, new phenomena presented themselves. On the voyage from England, as far as the Cape, a ship may be said, in general terms, to be making all latitude, with the exception of the divergences caused by running between the coasts of Africa and America, to catch the prevailing trade winds. Most people are aware that the lines or circles traced on a globe, which all meet in a point or centre at both poles, are intended to express degrees of longitude, while those which encircle the globe, parallel with the equator, mark degrees of latitude. Consequently, as all longitudinal lines approach, until they meet at the poles, it is obvious that the number of miles contained in a degree of longitude gradually diminishes, the farther one goes north or south of the equator. Thus, at the equator, a degree of longitude is sixty geoegraphical miles, (equal to 69 English miles) but at 40 o N. or S. it is only forty-five miles, and at 50 o it is thirty-eight miles, while at 80 o it is reduced to between ten and eleven miles. Hence, when a ship reaches the Cape, it has to turn eastward, in order to cross the great Southern Ocean; and it has become a question (arising out of the new nautical notion of "Great Circle Sailing,") at what point to cross it, in order to diminish the number of miles of ocean to be traversed. Supposing a captain attempts to turn eastward just beyond the Cape, say at 84 o south latitude, he will find that each degree of longitude contains nearly fifty geographical miles; and a reduction of this amount is of some con- sequence, when it is considered that there are abont one hundred and forty degrees of longitude between the Cape and Australia. The ordinary route from the Cape to Australia is at or about 40 o south latitude; and at this point each degree of longitude contains very nearly forty six miles. But supposing there were no danger of ice-bergs being in the way, and no chance of having contrary winds, a ship might be run as far towards the South Pole as 60 o, and at that point each degree of longitude would be reduced to thirty miles; and if such a reduction could be effected on a voyage of six or seven thousand miles, it would save time, an all important con- sideration, because time on a voyage involves wear and tear, consumption of provisions, and all the other expenses of a ship, to say nothing of the reputation gained by a rapid voyage. (To be continued.). 