ARCHBISHOP PLUNKET AND THE PENAL LAWS. It is some consolation to a Catholic mind to find even tardy justice done to the me- mory of the champions of the Faith by a distinguished writer, who, himself, does not profess that Faith. And the consolation, is considerably enhanced by the reflection, that the present Chief Justice of England vindicates the innocence of an illustrious victim of the penal laws, from the false and wicked judgment passed on him by one of his own predecessors in office. We allude to the Most Rev. Doctor Oliver Plunket, Primate of all Ireland, who was unjustly condemned to death by Chief Justice Pem- berton, on an unfounded charge of "high treason." Lord Campbell gives a concise account of this strange and extraordinary trial, in his valuable work on the "Lives of the Chancellors of England," from which we give an extract in another column. Bishop Challoner narrates more at large the history of this trial in his memoirs of Missionary Priests, but the account given by Lord Campbell, as being authenticated by so high a functionary and deliberately stamped as it were with the seal of a Protestant ex- Chancellor, must carry with it the greatest possible weight to every reflecting mind. What a striking contrast do we witness in this trial, between the calm, earnest, and dig- nified demeanour of an injured and perse- cuted prelate, and the tortuous, insidious, and malignant charge of a corrupt judge! Dr. Oliver Plunket was one of the last Catholic victims that suffered an ignomini- ous death for the Faith by being hanged, drawn, and quartered at Tyburn, on the 1st July, 1681, in the reign of the worth- less and licentious Charles II. The mar- tyred primate had the happiness of receiv- ing the last Sacraments of the Church from Abbot Corker,* an English Benedictine Priest, who was then in prison for the faith with the Archbishop at Newgate. This good monk contrived to have the remains of the holy Archbishop preserved after execu- tion. His head with the heart and bowels had been thrown into the fire in pursuance of the sentence; the head however was pre- served from the flames and is now in the Sienna Convent, at Drogheda, in the Arch- diocese of Armagh. We have ourselves seen the head as entire as the day it was struck off from the body, the flesh in its natural state but somewhat parched up, the lip which was nearly burned to a cinder is in the same condition as when it was taken out of the fire. The body was interred in the church yard of St. Giles, and found entire four years afterwards, when it was removed by Abbot Corker to Lambspring, where he erected a monument over it. It was after- wards translated to the Benedictine Convent at Genoa. Our own respected Archbishop was in hopes of procuring this venerable relic from Genoa for the diocese of Sydney, but His Grace fears that those remains which have so far escaped the hands of ruth- less persecutors at home, may have fallen a prey to the still more ruthless enemies of Christianity at large in the present day, who have of late turned with such Vandal rage against the Catholic monuments and institutions of Italy, for we have lately read that the intolerant liberals of Piedmont have destroyed the Benedictine Convent at Genoa, where the body of Dr. Plunket had been so long preserved with pious care. So much for the mis-called "progress" of modern philanthropy and philosophy! * We cannot refrain from giving an ex- tract from a letter of Father Corker's, de- scribing the last days of the martyr— "I cannot, as yet pretend to give you, as you desire, a description of the virtues of the glorious archbishop and Martyr, Dr. Oliver Plunket; I am promised the particulars of his life and actions, both at Rome, where he studied and taught almost twenty years, and in Ireland, where he exercised his episcopal or rather apostolical function, till he became a champion of the faith; but these particu- lars are not as yet arrived at my hands. After his transportation hither, he was, as you know, close confined, and secluded from all conversation, save that of his keepers, until his arraignment: so that here also I am much in the dark, and can only in- f'orm you of what I learned, as it were by chance, from the mouths of the said keepers, viz. that he spent his time in almost continual prayer; that he fasted usually three or four days a week, with nothing but bread; that he appeared to them always modestly cheerful, without any anguish or concern at his danger, or strait confinement; that by his sweet and pious demeanour, he attracted an esteem and reverence from those few that came near him. When he was arraigned, it is true I could write to him and he to me: but our letters were read, transcribed and examined by the offi- cers, before they were delivered to either of us. For which cause we had little other communication than what was necessary in order to his trial. But the trial being ended and he condemned, his man had leave to wait on him alone in his chamber by whose means we had free intercourse by letters to each other. And now it was I clearly perceived the Spirit of God in him, and those lovely fruits of the Holy Ghost, charity, joy, peace, &c.; transparent in his soul. And not only I, but many other catholics, who came to receive his benediction, and were eye-witnesses (a favour not denied to us) there appeared in his words, in his actions, in his countenance, something so divinely elevated, such a composed mixture of cheerfulness, constancy love, sweetness, and candour, as manifestly de- noted the divine goodness had made him fit for a victim, and destined him for heaven. None saw or came near him, but received new comfort, new fervour, new desires to please, serve, and suffer for Christ Jesus by his very presence. Concerning the manner and state of his prayer, he seemed most de- voted to catholic sentences taken out of scripture, the divine office, and missal, which he made me procure for him three months before he died: upon these sentences he made his soul dilate in love, fol- lowing herein the sweet impulse and dictates of the Holy Ghost, and reading his prayers writ rather in his heart, than in his book, according to that— unctio ejus docet vos de omnibus, St. John, ii. 27. For this reason I suppose it was, that when with great humility he sent me his last speech to correct he also writ me word, he would not at the place of execution make use of any other set form or method of prayer, than the Pater noster, Ave Maria, Credo, Miserere, In manus tuas Domine, &c.; and for the rest he would breathe forth his soul in such prayers and ejaculations as God Al- mighty should then inspire him withal. He con- tinually endeavoured to improve and advance him- self in the purity of divine love, and by consequence also in contrition for his sins past, of his deficiency in both which this humble soul complained to me as the only thing that troubled him. This love had extinguished in him all fear of death, perfecta charitas, foras mittit timorem. A lover feareth not, but rejoiceth at the approach of the beloved. Hence the joy of our holy martyr seemed still to increase with his danger, and was fully accom- plished by an assurance of death. The very night before he died, being now as it were at heart's ease, he went to bed at eleven o'clock, and slept quietly and soundly till four in the morning; at which time his man, who lay in the room with him, awaked him: so little concern had he upon his spirit, or rather so much had the loveliness of the end beautified the horror of the passage to it. After he certainly knew God Almighty had chosen him to the crown and dignity of martyrdom, he con- tinually studied how to divest himself of himself, and become more and more an entire pleasing and perfect holocaust: to which end, as he gave up his soul with all its faculties to the conduct of God; so, for God's sake, he resigned the care and disposal of his body to unworthy me, &c.; But I neither can nor dare undertake to describe unto you, the signal virtues of this blessed martyr. There appeared in him something beyond expression, something more than human: the most savage and hard-hearted people were mollified and attendered at his sight; many protestants in my hearing wished their souls in the same state with his: all believed him inno- cent, and he made catholics, even the most timorous, in love with death. When he was carried out of the press-yard to execution, he turned him about to our chamber windows, and with a pleasant as- pect and elevated hands gave us his benediction. How he composed himself after he was taken from hence, you yourself can give a more exact account than I." 