AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF MAJOR EDWARDES. ! - j The Skreiosbury Journal reports at great j length the proceedings at a grand dinner given I to welcome Major Edwardes back to Shrop 1 shire. The most interesting portion of the proceedings, however, was the speech of Major Edwardes himself, in which he gave the fol lowing autobiographical sketch of bis career: ** My appointment to the service of the East India Company," he said, " was given me by ; Sir Richard Jenkins, and. is another of the many links which, even in my wanderings, I binds me still to Shropshire. There is another link between my own Indian career and Shrop shire. I was sent out to India by Sir Richard Jenkins, and that appointment removed me at once from the cold mother country, where I had neither health nor talent to struggle for the slow prizes of civil life, and transferred me to that more genial clime, whose boundless plains are only emblematical of the fields of usefulness and promise, which lay open to every one who ventures forth in a right spirit, purposing only to become great himself by being useful to others. Once launched in such a service as that of the East India Company, it would have been ray own fault had I not by in lustry risen to independence. But if I have done more than that, if I have arrived at honor, £ owe it, and desire to acknowledge that I owe it to the staunch friends I have met in life Sir Richard Jenkins, in this country, Lord Gough, Lord Hardinge, and Sir Henry Law rence, in India. In 1845 I had no interest of any kind ; I was a poor subaltern in my regi ment, when Lord Gough, then Sir Hugh, selected me to rill a vacancy in hi* personal staff. This was in the beginning of November, 1845, and only a few days afterwards the Sikh array invaded British India, and we were plunged into the first Sikh war. Here 1 WES then at once placed ina position to study war practically 01 the largest scale, and und ir the j greatest advantages, at the right hand of the British general. And I can tell you that the man who rides by the right band of Hugh, Vise-rant Gough, through a campaign, as the Irishman would say, is in a * mighty convanient place to see a good dale of it.' If he wants an i insight into the principles of war, he is likely j to meet with a good many eye-openers in s jch a situation, and I can tell you a story in proof ' of it. In our very first battle of Moodkee, on the I8th of December, before the two hostile j lines of infantry had met, two staff officers i simultaneously galloped up to the co.nmander in-chief-1 The enemy's cavalry, your Excel lency, have outflanked us on the right,' said one : « The enemy's cavalry, your Excellency, have outflaaked us on the left,' said the other. So t sere were 15,000 horsemen turning each j flank at the same moment-the whole 30,000 by the bye, commanded by Rajah Lal Sing, whom a modern Sikh historian has represented as being in league with the British general. Ii so, defend me from my friends! Without an instant's hesitation, Lord Gough gave orders for movements of horse artillery, and cavalry to both flanks ; and it was in this movement to,repulse the Sikhs that the Queen's 3rd Dra goons commenced that series of- remarkable achievements which have since stamped them as the noblest cavalry regiment that ever went to" India. The repilse war compléta on both fl mks. Our ar iîleiy and expiry went through the enormous line of the enemy, and «jot into its rear, so as to become an object of anxiety to Sir Hugh Gough. lt~w«¥=igie*4hat he turned to his aide-de-camp?^ and commanded tiro of them to recall, the -flank detachments back to their own line. I was one of them, and Heave you "to guess w hether the .duty *K « pleasant one. It was performed, however, and I shall carry the memorial of it ¿o my grave in the shape of a ball through^my thigh. Such, gen tlemen, WM theintroduction into military life which I received from my earliest patzoa in India-Lord Gough I recovered from my wound in time^ta serve as his lordship's aide de camp at Sobraon, the closing battle of ths Sutlej war-r-a battle most complete in its le^g suit, from the circumstance of a broad andf rapid river at-the back of the enemy's position,', into which they were driven. .A young soldier could not have received a more instructive les- > son than was displayed by him in that magni ficent battle, and I well remember fancying at the end of it that I could move 10,000 men if called upon next day. The campaign thus closed. Lor 1 Gough recommended me to the Governor-General for promotion to the politi cal staff now required for the Punjaub, and for this great step in life I am mutually indebted to those two great men. But while expressing my gratitude to those powerful friends «ho gave me those great opportunities, let me not forget the master who taught me how to use them-Sir Henry Lawrence, who, at this very moment but a captain of artillery, has made himself, by his indomitable energies, the fore most man in India, and a bright example to every Indian soldier. He it was, who, through, three years of "British protection of the Pun jaub, was my public master and my private friend ; and it was sitting at his feet, amid great political events, that 14rust I learnt that noble lesson, to live not for myself, bat far die I state." (The Major, at. the close and through out, was loudly applauded.) SKETCH OF THE PRESENT EMPEROR OF MOROCCO-Today 1 saw the real potentate overshadowed by die Sheriffean umbrella. He wore a green sulam, with a white sash or tar ban bound over it, which had a most singular effect The umbrella was carried hy a horse man on bis left. The umbrella is of the ordi nary size, but the spokes are straight. It is covered with crimson velvet, and has a depend ing fringe or border. Two men carried before him long lances upright, to spear on the spot, I was told, whomever he might paint ont for the purpose. I could distinguish through my glass his broad Mulatto features, as he inclined i right and left to the saluting crowd. As for two Fridays he has not been to mosque, his appearance to-day and his look of health have occasioned great rejoicings. Seisin said to me, " Moors not like English, look mach to king. English king die : all cut one another's throats." Muley Abderachman has reigned twenty-three years. He had been employed both as governor and minister, and was assi duous and incorruptible. He vas originally a marchant of Larache, where the loss of a cargo first made him known to the late Saltan, his uncle, and he gave him, ia conséquence, the government of Mogadore. His conduct in th it post induced the Sultan to appoint him his successor, as being worthier to reign than any of his own sons. He was not, however, seated on the throne without bloodshed, and the commencement of his reign was marked with severity. His authority once established, his previous mildness re-appeared. He is fond of money, and no one ever knew better how ta gratify that taste ; but his word is inviolable, and he is no less orderly than upright in his commercial dealings, which extend tn every portion of his kingdom. Wise in small matters, he is ioolish in great ones ; and his merits ren der tolerable, or his astuteness sustains, the false and ruinous commercial system he has introduced. The mountain Breuer tribes re cognise the authority, bat do not admit the interference of the Sultan of Morocco. His power over the tribes of the plain, whether Breber or Arab, apparently severe and some times terrible, is unequal and precarious. When he punishes, it is by abandoning fte I tribe to the vengeance of some neighbouring ¡ and rival clan. Such a state of things seems i to be as befitting for the exercise of his talents as his talents for adjusting them to Ins own i satisfaction. Morocco is isolated from the I world.- Urquharts Pillars of Hercules. ! FAMINE IN IRELAND.-Before the arrival of the potato the following brief picture of the desolation of Munster is drawn by no less a pen than that of the celebrated author of the ** Faene Qneene." '* Ere one year and a half, they (the natives of the province) were brought to such wretchedness, as that any atony heart would have rued the 6ame. Oat of every I corner of the woods and glens they esme creeping forth upon their bands, for war lega could not bear them; they looked like anato mies of death; they spake like ghosts erying out of their graves ; they did eat the dead carrions, happy where they cool* find them, yea, and one another soon after, inasmuch as the very carcasses they ¡spared not fa scrape out of their graves ; and if they found a plot of water cresses or shamrocks, there.-they flocked as to a feast for the time; yet notable to continue therewithal, that ia short- apace there were none almost.iefifc, and a. most popu lous and plentiful country suddenly leftwoidof man and beast ; yet sure in all that war, in all there perished not many by the swords hut all by the extremity of famine which they them selves had wrought." " Which they themselves had wrought," indeed! here we have the im potent apology of th? great poet for horrors at which be shuddered, 