PUBLIC EXECUTIONS. ANOTHER LETTER FROM MR. CHARLES DICKENS. MR. Dickens has written another letter to the Times, in which he states his views more at length on the subject of public executions. "My positions,' he says, "in reference to the demoralising nature of public executions are-First, that they chiefly attract as spectators the lowest, the most depraved, the most abandoned of mankind, in whom they inspire no wholesome emotions whatever. Secondly, that the public infliction of a violent death is not a salutary spectacle for any class of people; but that it is in the nature of things that on the class by whom it is generally witnessed it should have a debasing and hardening influence. On the first head I must appeal again to my own experience of the execution of last Tuesday morning; to all the evi- dence that has ever been taken on the subject, shewing that executions have been the favourite sight of convicts of all descriptions." He also on the second head refers to his own experience and says-" Nothing would have been a greater comfort to me-nothing would have so much relieved in my mind the unspeakable terrors of the scene, as to have been enabled to believe that any portion of the immense crowd-that any grains of sand in the vast moral desert stretching away on every side-were moved to any sentiments of fear, repen- tance, pity, or mutual horror, by what they saw upon the drop. It was impos- sible to look around and rest in any such belief. With every consideration and respect for your suggestion, that the concourse may have been belying their mental struggles by frantic exag- gerations, I am confident if you had been there beside me, seeing what I saw, and hearing what I heard, you could never have admitted the thought. Such a state of mind has its signs and tokens equally with any other, and no signs and tokens were there. The mirth was not hysterical, the shoutings and fight- ings were not the efforts of a strained excitement seeking to vent itself in any relief. The whole was, unmistakeably, callous and bad." He then comes to his remedy :-" To prevent such fright- ful spectacles in a Christian coun- try, and all the incalculable evils they engender, I would have the last sentence of the law executed with comparative privacy within the prison walls. From the moment of a murderer's being sentenced to death, I would dismiss him to the dread obscurity to which the wisest judge upon the bench consigned the murderer Rush. I would allow no curious visitors to hold any communication with him; I would place every obstacle in the way of his sayings and doings being served up in print on Sunday mornings for the perusal of families. His execution within the walls of the prison should be conducted with every terrible solemnity that careful con- sideration could devise. Mr. Calcraft, the hangman (of whom I have some in- formation in reference to this last occa- sion), should be restrained in his un- seemly briskness, in his jokes, his oaths, and his brandy. To attend the execu- tion I would summon a jury of 24, to be called the Witness Jury, eight to be summoned on a low qualification, eight on a higher still; so that it might fairly represent all classes of society. There should be present, likewise, the governor of the jail, the chaplain, the surgeon, and other officers, the sheriffs of the county or city, and two inspectors of prisons. All these should sign a grave and solemn form of certificate (the same in every case) that on such a day, at such an hour, in such a jail, for such a crime, such a murderer was hanged in their sight. There should be another certificate from the officers of the prison that the person hanged was that person and no other; a third, that that person was buried. These should be posted on the prison gates for twenty-one days, printed in the Gazette, and exhibited in other public places; and during the hour of the body's hanging, I would have the bells of all the churches in the town or city tolled, end all the shops shut up, that all might be reminded of what was being done. I submit to you that with the law so changed, the public would (as is right) know much more of the infliction of this tremendous punishment than they know of the infliction of any other. There are not many common subjects, I think, of which they know less than transportation; and yet they never doubt, when a man is ordered to be sent abroad, he goes abroad." * * * "Another class of objectors I know there are, who, desiring the total abolition of capital punishment, will have nothing less, and who, not doubting the fearful influence of public executions, would have it protracted for an indefinite term, rather than spare the demoralisation they do not dispute, at the risk of losing sight for a while of their final end. But of these I say nothing, considering them, however good and pure in intention, un- reasonable, and not to be argued with." OPINION OF SIR FRANCIS HEAD. Sir Francis Head has addressed a letter to the ' Times,' commenting on the pro- posal of Mr. Dickens to have executions in private, to which he says he is opposed for the following reasons :- The merciful object of every punish- ment which the law inflicts, is not so much to revenge the past crime as to prevent its recurrence. Now, Mrs Man- ning's last moments clearly explain, or rather indisputably prove, the benefit which society particularly derives from a public execution. She had courage enough-as she sat smiling by his side, to plan the murder of " her dearest friend ;" to dig his grave; to prepare vitriol and lime to burn his body; to blow his brains out ; to bury him in her own kitchen. She had resolution enough-almost before he was cold, to go to his lodgings to obtain his pro- perty. Her self-possession before the police authorities of Edinburgh was unexampled; her hardness of heart on her trial, as well as in prison, was most extraordinary. And yet this bold courageous woman, who, after the murder, and with her hands stained with the blood, had said to her husband, " I think no more of what I have done than if I had shot the cat that is on the wall!" afterwards triumphantly adding, " I have the nerve of a horse!" did not dare to face the indescribable terrors of a public execution! She did not fear death in private; on the contrary, she almost succeeded in gradually, with her own hands, strangling herself; but her obdurate heart quailed at the idea of beholding, in fearful array before her, the uplifted horrid faces of the London mob; and accordingly, as her last act (vide the Times of the 14th instant),"she drew from her pocket a black silk handkerchief, requesting that she might be blindfolded with it; and, having a black silk veil fastened over her head, so as completely to conceal her features from public gaze, she was conducted in slow and solemn proces- sion towards the drop;" and as for a few fleeting moments she stood, with bandaged eyes beneath the gibbet, how unanswerably did the picture mutely expound the terror which the wicked very naturally have of being publicly hanged before the scum and refuse of society!" The whistlings-the imi- tations of Punch-the brutal jokes and indecent delight of the thieves, low prostitutes, ruffians, and vagabonds," so graphically described by Mr. Charles Dickens, were-by her own showing not only the most fearful portion of her sentence, but, under Providence, these coarse ingredients may possibly have effected that momentary repent- ance which the mild but fervent exhor- tations of the chaplain had failed to produce. But, besides the impolicy of divest- ing the death by law of a murderer of the most affective portion of its terrors, there are, Sir, I submit, higher and in- finitely more important reasons, which make it our bounden duty to require that every criminal who suffers death should be executed in public. So long as it shall be deemed advi- sable by us, by laws Divine as well as human, to deprive the murderer of his life, the whole process of his trial, ending in an act of such awful respon- sibility, ought to be performed in open day, in order that the community may at all events clearly see what it is they are doing-what it is they have done. The purple hands of the wretched sufferer sufficiently explain what the white nightcap hypocritically conceals, namely, the dreadful act that has been performed ; and although thieves and prostitutes may ridicule the convulsions they witness, there will, it is to be hoped, in a free country and with a free press, always be found among an Eng- lish crowd some one fellow creature possessing the kindly feeling of Mr. Charles Dickens, who should he see sufficient reasons for doing so, will not only call upon the country most seri- ously to consider whether the punish- ment he delineates has not exceeded the offence, but, as an honest witness, will condemn and expose any unnecessary harshness or cruelty that may have ac- companied it. PUBLIC MEETING.--MR. COBDEN's OPI- NION. A public meeting was held in the metropolis, to protest against the con- tinuance of capital punishment. The chairman in the course of an excellent address, commented on the brutal and demoralising scenes at the execution of the Mannings, protested against the proposition of Mr. Charles Dickens in favor of private executions, and read a letter from Mr. Cobden, in which that gentleman said-" Take heed of the new dodge - private executions. It cuts away, however, three-fourths of the ground on which 'the Calcraft party' stands." In another letter, addressed to the chairman, which appeared in the Times of Wednesday, Mr. Cobden says " In now calling out for secret hanging (which sounds to my ears very much like private assassination), they have delivered themselves into your hands. Be assured that if hanging be acknow- ledged to be so unclean a thing that it is to be no longer tolerated in the broad sunlight, the English people will have none of it." BRETON SUPERSTITION.-It is a generally received belief that two crews attend upon every house. When the head of a family is dying, the ominous birds perch on the roof, and commence their dismal screaming, which never ceases till the body is carried out ; whereupon the birds vanish and are never seen again. The approach of death, heralded by numerous signs, is connected in one locality with a remarkable superstition. Between Quimper and Chatesulin, strange looking men are occasionally encountered on the highways, habited in white linen, with long straggling hair and coal-black beards, armed with heavy sticks and carrying dingy wallets slung over their shoulders. Their aspect is in the last degree dark and sinister. In the night time they take the least frequented routes. They never sing while they are walking, nor speak to anybody they meet, nor put their hands to their slouched hats with that politeness which is so general in Brittany. Sometimes they are accompanied by large fawn coloured dogs. The custom house offi- cers tell you that these fellows are smug- glers, who go about the country with salt and tobacco ; but the peasantry, who know better, assert that they are demons, whose dreadful business is to conduct doomed souls into the next world. Wherever there is a person at the point of death, they may be seen prowling about the house liku hungry wolves. If the guardian angel of the dying man, summoned by repeated prayers, do not arrive in time, the white man pounces on the deathbed at the last gasp, seizes the departing soul, crams it into his wallet, and carries it off to the marshes of St. Michel, into which he flings it, and where it must remain until it is delivered by vows and masses. The belief com- mon to all catholic countries, that the souls of men who died without the bene- fit of absolution are wandering about in excruciating misery supplicating for intercourse, is varied in different Iocali- ties according to circumstances. There is a desolate plain between Auray and Pluviguer, a mournful stretch of uncul- tivated ground, formerly the scene of a sanguinary conflict between the houses of Blois and Monfort. Many hundred soldiers fell in the battle ; and remains of armour and mouldering bones have frequently been turned up there. The tradition runs, that the souls of these poor fellows, still compelled to haunt the dust they once inhabited, rise from the ground at a certain hour every night, and run the whole length of the funereal field. The moaning of the winds over this exposed surface is regarded as the expression of the anguish of the un- shrived spirits, entreating for masses. The worst of it is, that they are con- demned to undergo this hopeless nightly exercise until doomsday, and to gallop on in a straight line, no matter what obsta- cles they may encounter. Woe to the traveller who falls in with one of these unhappy ghosts. The touch is death. Bell's Wayside Pictures through France. RIDING IN PANNIERS IN THE BASQUE COUNTRY.-Even if it should cost him another day, the traveller should not quit Irun without visiting Fuentar- rabia. It is not merely for the " magic of a name," or for the sake of hearing " Fontarabian echo," though many a stray one may be caught wandering among ruined walls and deserted houses, but for the sake of seeing an unadul- terated bit of Spain, which this decaying town most truly is, although the French village of Ándase stands looking at front the opposite bank of the Bidassoa, not half a mile off. It is within an easy walk of Irun ; but it is better fun, if you have a companion with you, to go there " en cacólas," a mode of locomotion peculiar to this corner of Basque Land, and used on both sides of the border. At Bayonne you may go to the little bathing-place, Biaritz, or any other such small excursion, " en cagolet " A game at caçolet, like one at cribbage, must be played by two-neither more nor less, and is performed in this wise. On a horse, mule, or donkey is placed, first, a rude sort of pack-saddle ; a pair of seats lashed together with ropes, which pass over the saddle, is then suspended on either side, much like a pair of panniers, in which the persons to be carried sit facing the horse's head. But as the whole adjustment depends on the equi- librium being maintained, and not at all on any girth, it is absolutely neces- sary, in the first place, that the partners in the venture, if not naturally of the same weight, should be rendered so by some contrivance or other. In the next place it is essential that both should reach their seats at the same moment, and that no descent therefrom should be attempted by either singly, or without having duly concerted the move with his consort, The consequence of the slightest neglect of these laws of the caculet may be easily foreseen. When they are duly observed, and a partner judiciously chosen, it is a lazy, sociable, agreeable sort of locomotion enough. On the oc- cation of my ride to Fuenterrabia, it was my wife who occupied the opposite side of the see-saw ; and paving-stone after paving-stone had to he slung beneath her seat by our grave and impassable guide before the needful equilibrium could be obtained. Once mounted, we progressed charmingly, though a little nervously when suspended over the side of a bridge or whisked round a corner ; till our cau- tious old steed, slowly climbing over the broken pavement of the steep street which leads up under the three successive gateways of Fuenterrabia's once formi- dable but now ruined fortification, and carrying us decorously up the picturesque old street amid the grave salutations of the Fuenterarbians, landed us with happy simultaneousness on a favouring parapet wall beside the church.-Correspondent of the Athenaeum. BURIAL GROUNDS IN PRUSSIA.-The accounts published in the English jour- nals of the disgusting scenes and pesti- lential results arising from intramural interments in London, have caused a profound sensation in Germany, where wise and truly wholesome enactments secure the public from similar heart-sick- ening sacrileges and inflictions. Here the graveyards, invariably beyond the precincts of cities or towns, are soothing and even attractive objects, not only for those whose relatives repose within their enclosures, but for those who may feel disposed to meditate amid their green alleys and flower-adorned paths. Here the eye is pleased with the sight of simple well preserved monumental records, heading verdant graves, which the piety of relatives and friends ornament with well-tended flowers, and crown with often renewed garlands. Here the night- ingale rejoices to raise his song amid the rose brunches that overshade the lowly dwellings of the departed. Here the air is embalmed with the sweets of flowers, from the moment utmost that the cold frosts of winter permit the snowdrop, the crocus, the perriwinkle, and the corcorus to put forth their early blossoms, until winter again veils the whole be- neath a shroud of snow. Here, in the burial-ground even of the vast public hospital of LaCharite, the utmost decency is preserved, strict ground registers of the periods of death, year after year, month after month, are kept by the guardian of this mournful re- pository. A given number of years must elapse ere each compartment dare be dis- turbed, and this period is amply sufficient for the reduction of "dust to dust" of those who have been called away. Here, go where you will into the most crowded cemeteries, and approach the spot when the most necessitous have been interred- where no monument, no crosses, no flowers, no garlands, nothing but a num- bered, white-painted stake marks out the place of death-go where you will, there are no marks of outrage or premature disturbance of human fragments. The law issues a tariff for undertakers' charges, suited to all classes of citizens, and this with all the decency that is con- sistent with each man's station in the social scale. The law also prescribes rules for the graveyard itself; and, not- withstanding that land near the city's precincts is comparatively of the same value as near London, sufficient space is found in all directions near the gates. Then, as to distance-here, with the ex- ception of bodies carried on biers by men appointed to this duty from the hospital to the burying-ground, situated at no great distance, but totally out of sight and unconnected with the former, all in- terments take place by carriage convey- ance. The coffin is placed in a vast hearse and conveyed to the burial-ground, where it is met by the relatives or friends who cannot afford to follow in mourning coaches. Thus the last duties are respec- tably performed, even to the very poorest, and thus, especially in time of pestilence, the living are not pained and agitated by the sight of mourning pedestrian trains traversing the crowded streets and the roughfares, and yet the sorrowful cere- monies are conducted with most becoming decency and solemnity. 