COUNT CAGLIOSTRO. Ir any one chance to be unacquainted with the general character of this personage, he may learn something of it from the follow ing pithy summary of his titles given by Thomas Carlyle. " Count Alessandro Cag liostro, pupil of the sage Althotas, foster child of the Scherif of Mecca, probable son of the last king of Trebizond; named also Acharat, and unfortunate child of Nature; by profession healer of diseases, abolisher of wrinkles, Grand-Master of the Egyptian Mason-Lodge of high Science, spirit-sum moner, gold-cook, Grand Coptha, prophet, priest, and thaumauturgic moralist and swindler; really a liar of the first magni tude, thorough-paced in all the provinces of lying, what one may call the king of liars." The man who so comported himself in life as to merit these titles, and not one of them is inappropriately or unjustly applied, must have in his time played many parts, from the contemplation of which may result both entertainment and instruction. In the year 1743 Joseph Balsamo first saw the light, being born of poor parentage resident at Palermo in Sicily. Left under the weak control of a widowed mother, the youth showed an unruly and indolent dis position in his earliest years, and greatly neglected even the scanty educational advan tages which were afforded to him. In his fifteenth year a circumstance occured, which, in part, gave the tone to his whole future existence. An uncle got him placed in the convent of Cartegirone, where the house apothecary was charged with the task of instructing him in the arts of chemistry and pharmacy. Idle as he continued to be, he no doubt acquired here some little know ledge of these sciences, and we shacl see what use he finally made of it. After some years' stay, he grossly insulted the monks of the convent, was consequently punished, and quitted the place for ever, leaving those be hind to congratulate themselves on the happy riddance. Joseph Balsamo, now nearly in his majority, passed the succeed ing years of his life in Palermo, acquiring by degrees the repute of being one of the most finished blackguards in the place, and fully deserving it by robbing his uncle, forging a will; and many similar acts. At length, he used his address to persuade a certain foolish goldsmith that a large trea sure, to be obtained by digging, lay hidden in a cave nigh the city, and, on their going at midnight to the spot, Balsamo brought out on the dupe a band of accomplices dressed like fiends, who robbed the poor man, and beat him cruelly. Having his eyes fully opened, the goldsmith threatened to retort with the Sicilian vengeance of the stilletto, and Joseph thought it necessary to take himself off from his native Palermo. With the lion's share of the booty, sixty ounces of gold, Balsamo proceeded to Messina, where he met an alchemist named Althotas, a man versed in various mysterious secrets of nature, and an adept in the eastern tongues. The career ef our hero in con nexion with Althotas is buried in doubt and obscurity, his own statements in after days being any thing but trustworthy, or even consistent. The common statement is, that, finding Althotas possessed of a secret for making goods out of flax of an almost silken quality, Balsamo persuaded him to try a commercial venture to Alexandria, with, a store of that commodity. The voyage was eminently successful. It is probable that they visited Egypt and Turkey after this time, selling drugs and amulets. From the stories afterwards told by our hero, when, concealing his real origin, he let out am biguous hints of his being some unfortunate oriental prince, it is possible that he also visited Mecca and Medina. A visit to Malta is better substantiated. He was well received by the grand-master, and, with his companion laboured there for some months at the task of making pewter into gold. It is also said that Althotas died in Malta. Be these things as they may, certain it is, that, during the mysterious years of his life now under notice, the Palermitan was fitting himself most diligently and successfully for his final career; and that, at the close of his probation, he appeared alone in Rome to commence a new era of his history. It must not be thought that Ralsamo had been all this time contented with his ill savoured, untitled patronymic. He had been a chevalier, a marquis, and six or seven different barons in succession, just as it suited him. Count Alessandro Cagliostro was the "title which he bore on entering Rome, and it became his permanent one. He at first contrived to live by selling pen drawings (forged ones, moreover, being merely Indian-inked); but this was a poor occupation, and he speedily gave larger scope to his genius. He commenced the the sale of an elixir for warding off old age and disease, and further boasted that he could transmute metals and make himself invisible. The Maltese grand-master had given him good letters of introduction. These admitted him to society, where his boundless boasting and indomitable assur ance impressed some with a conviction of his mystic powers. The elixir sold abund antly, and his success tempted a beautiful Roman, Lorenza Feliciani, to share his rising fortunes. Unscrupulous, witty, and fascinating, Lorenza was an admirable part ner for Cagliostro, who speedily made her an adept in all his pretended mysteries. The worthy pair now sought a wider sphere for their combined attacks on the European, purse. They opened their career worthily by going to Westphalia on a visit to the Count St. Germain, the great quack of the preceding generation, whose character is settled by one fact; he called himself two thousand years old. Cagliostro, no doubt, inhaled much goodly knowledge from this personage ; and, for the next three years, Venice, Madrid, Cadiz, Lisbon, Brussels, and, in fact, great part of Europe, enjoyed the advantage thereof. Travelling usually in a four-horse carriage, with the lovely countess by his side, and a host of couriers and beef-eaters before and behind, all in Parisian liveries, the great count enters in succession the cities of the continent, recom mended to the high-birthed dupes of one place by those whom he had left in another to awaken at leisure from their dream of eternal youth. Arrived, he fixes himself in some splendid hotel, and shows a full and open purse. Man and wife soon address themselves to business. For ladies, he had lotions beyond all that the imagination could conceive; and for faded gentlemen of quality, he had a Wine of Egypt, and other potions, washes, and charms innumerable. It may be thought that princes and nobles would be apt to deem it degrading in a count to sell things for money, like a common quack- salver. No such thing. The count, generous man, never gets his own money for them. He travels the world to do good; and how readily would he give the precious drugs for nothing, were it not they are brought from far at a great expense ! Much of this he himself defrays, but to reimburse him in a small degree he is forced to take a consideration. The poor he visits gratis. Thus run the tale and practice of the arch quack. Cagliostro and his countess were not always pampered, however, in a fortune's coach-and four. Sometimes their stores ran low; and on unwisely attempting to figure in the eyes of old friends at Palermo, the count was sent to gaol by the revengeful goldsmith. He had the address to induce a Sicilian prince to interfere, and he was freed. Then, again, we hear of Cagliostro in London, in the obscure character of a common painter, and bearing the title of Signor Balsamo. This was in 1772. He returned to the continent, and must again have climbed the ladder of fortune; for we find him once more in Eng land, in 1776, with a stock of £3000. The count here commenced as usual with his elixir and philosopher's-stone annunciations; but it was neceseary to the success, both of himself and helpmate, that they should obtain access to society. A false friend undertook this task, and introduced them to mock lords and ladies, by whom, ere long, the arch-plunderer was robbed of all his means. A prison was the end. The count gained his freedom, however, and left the uncongenial air of England. Yet the visit was not thrown away. Far from it. He had been initiated into some obscure mason lodge, and the most brilliant idea of his life struck him in consequence-the idea of the Grand Egyptian Lodge of Masonry," of which who so fit to become the head, or, as he called himself, the Grand Coptha ? As for the female lodges, again, who so well suited for the " Grand Priestess-ship" as the fair Lorenza ? Full of this new idea, the count recom menced his career on the continent. The repute of the wonderful Egyptian mason, who knew all the secrets of the brotherhood, from the time of its institution by "Enoch and Elias," soon flew abroad. " Arrived in any city, he has but by masonic grip to ac credit himself with the venerable of the place; and, not by degress as formerly, but in one night, is introduced to the fattest and foolishest far and near; and in the fitest arena-a gilt pasteboard masonic hall." Mr. Carlyle, to whom we are indebted for part of our information, describes the quack as hav ing been received with loud shouts under steel arches; as holding three-hour discourses on all things fittingly unintelligible; and as founding Egyptian Lodges in all kinds of places, with ceremonials of such a dark, death's-head description, that it makes one's hair to stand on end merely to read them. The elixirs sold now at a double quick rate; and in consideration of the enormous ex penses of tho Grand Coptha, in correspon dences and the like, the money flowed into his coffers in full streams. Passing in splendour from place to place, the count visited Warsaw, and finally Stras burg. Here he met the greatest of his prizes-the Prince de Rohan, first-class peer of France, and Cardinal Archbishop of Strasburg, rich as Croesus, and gullible to excess. Knowing well his man, the count at first wrapt himself up in reserve, while he at the same time gained a character by liberally dispensing medicine (brick-dust pills, possibly) to the poor, and even show ing them, now and then, his purse. Prince de Rohan sought an interview again and again; he was refused. His anxiety grew greater, and at length he was indulged. At once he became an 'obedient dupe, and his purse was emptied freely-in payment, chiefly, for the profound predictions which Cagliostro gave the cardinal, to serve in guiding him in all his affairs. This period, 1783, may be called the brightest in the career of Cagliostro, whose reputation was now European. He was asked by the Prince de Rohan to go to Paris, and went; but he stayed at this time only a few days, being anxious to drain a little further the dupeables of Strasburg. But the enthusiasm was past, and he found it advisable to try Bordeaux. Here, for the period of a year, he was so eminently suc cessful in magic and elixir practice, that the authorities at one time granted him a guard to keep his doors clear. Bordeauxexhausted, he thought fit to quarter himself on Paris. It might have been expected that he would have shrunk from exposing his magical pre tensions to the eyes of the savans of Paris. Not he. He there openly professed his abi lity to transmute metals; and, by handi craft deceptions, he practically convinced the silly and unwary. He—when well paid for it, for the dead would not rise for nothing, —called up spirits, though they seem not to have been seen, but merely to have spoken to him from under glass bells. The coun tess supported him ably in these deceptions. But Cagliostro suddenly fell in this very zenith of his glory, and fell irrecoverably. Happening to be somehow involved in the celebrated necklace case of Maria Antoi nette, where one of the queen's servants, named La Motte, forged her mistress' name, Cagliostro, as well as La Motte and Rohan, was thrown into the Bastile. On being brought to trial, he told lies of the most astounding magnitude as to his birth and resources, averring for one thing that he was constantly supplied with money from an un known friend in Arabia: but the court paid no attention to his rant. La Motte and others were duly punished; as for our count though he got free, it was in the state of a beggar. The sun of the arch-quack had begun its descending course, and rapid indeed, was its downwards progress. In England, to which he now resorted, he gained the countenance of scarcely one man of note excepting poor Lord George Gordon; and trickery was at a discount now, whether in regard to elixir or Egyptian lodges. Caliostro was compelled to look to the Continent again; but, alas! France, Germany, Russia, and the Sardinian territory, were all closed against him by po sitive royal edicts. He had been too suc cessful in his magic. His wide-spread repute had roused the long suspicious church, and he had lost all power to contend with her. So he felt to his cost, when after some ob soure and poverty-struck ramblings, he ven tured at length to enter Rome in 1789, urged by his wife, who, jaded and wearied out, now desired but to reach her mother's grave and die. Cagliostro had not been long there, ere the Inquisition caught him founding what Mr. Carlyle aptly calls "some feeble, moneyless ghost of an Egyptian lodge," and he was thrown into the Castle of St. Angelo. By papers and petitions, and explanations, and recantations, Cagli ostro still struggled stoutly for life and liberty. The former boon he obtained; but being doomed to perpetual confinement, he died in St. Angelo in the summer of 1795. The Grand Copthess was placed for life in a nunnery. Cagliestro forms on the whole a sad monu ment of the miseries of a career of impos ture. We have seen here what was the end of all; and moreover, with all his impudent assurance, it may be doubted if the instabi lity of his position, and the constant risk of exposure, left him one happy moment even in the hours of his greatest success. Goethe visited his disclaimed mother and sister; and the picture given of their calm tran quillity of mind, in the midst of poverty and privations, but impressed us the more. strongly with a sense of the folly of prefer ring a life of splendid vice to one of humble virtue. 