A Future Nursery Tale for Future Young Western Australians. ONCE upon a time there lived a huge ferocious tremendous Dragon ; a much more savage animal than that St. George killed ; O much more ! and a much more dangerous beast too ! ! for that Dragon only ravaged and distracted a part of " Merrie England," but the poisonous breath of this monster carried death and destruction to a people and their hopes for miles and miles around, besides which he was always going about seeking whom he might devour. I am quite sure that if St. George was backed by the whole calendar of Saints and Knights in Christendom, he wouldn't have dared even to look this Dragon in his ugly face. It will not then be strange to say that, though the scene of this monster's havoc, was in a country inhabited by a colony of brave and enterprising Britons from the fatherland, and was situated under one of the very finest of Heaven's climates, with many other fortuitous and natural advantages, yet nothing seemed to succeed; the land bore for years but a scanty population, and the soil itself was but little cultivated or cared for. Some blighting influence seemed to hang over this benighted land. The people seemed indifferent to their well doing; experience had shown them that all their exertions resulted in disappointment and defeat; though they had everything within themselves, that was essential to the existence and preserva- tion of a thriving state, (for they had careful rulers and sapient legislators; they had men of profession and mechanics, men of valour, men of possession as well as labourers and they could boast the possession of physical and mechanical power to every fair degree, with a knowledge of the arts and sciences in proportion) yet nothing appeared to be of any practical benefit to them, inasmuch as they were never able to bridge or go-ahead an atom. In every respect did the progress of this country as a nation seem hopless. Were the senators to plant some political project, it was sure to be blighted; even if it throws so far as to give forth buds of promise they were speedily nipped. Did they cherish some hopeful measure for the benefit of the nation, with as much care as a little girl would treat a pet lamb, something (whether it was a wolf or native dog or something else as malignant, that couldn't be accounted for at the time) would get into the field at night and smother it or cut its throat. In fact though governors and governed, masters and servants, teachers and pupils, powers and reapers, merchants and lawyers, even lawyers and clients, judges and culprits (and the latter were very few and very mild) all behaved themselves better than in most other countries, yet their efforts in their respective duties seemed unprofitable as they never could as a body keep pace with the world one inch. Well, none, not any of the many Solons and Solomons throughout the land could for a long time assign even a plausible conjecture as to the source of all this evil until at last some knowing ones thought they smelt a rat, it was indeed the Dragon they smelt. They at last beg, in to suspect that these failures were partly or greatly (I should say on my own responsibility, my dear little children, were wholly owing to the pernicious efforts of this serpent's malignity. When I say serpent I confess, I do not know with what class of reptiles naturalists would place this monstrosity, for he seemed to be of an order, or if I may Kay of a disorder de se. He appeared to be possessed of the sting and venom of the serpent, without its retiring habits, the voracious and un- salable appetite of the lion without his noble character ; the torturing hug of the bear without his occasional upright carriage ; the watchfulness of the weasel, without its gentleness, and the mischievous spirit of the monkey, without its power of amusing, Indeed if you were to abstract the worst attribute from each member of the wild animal kingdom, you would detect its counterpart or equivalent in the breast of this creature; who likewise, I was very nearly forgetting to mention, and what makes the confusion worse con- founded," had to his prompt assistance the satirical bite of human nature, without the spirit of forgiveness by which it is usually followed. He was taken altogether quite a his nature, and in his practices was constantly on the loose. Well, as I was having, though people at last found out the cause of all the mishap to their country, the discovery was only very well as far as it went for how this appling nuisance was to be extirpated was quite another thing. Now I'll just give you, my dear little boys and girls, another slight description of the living organ of this calam- ity-this Dragon. He was so watchful that he never slept with more than one eye shut, and he was so alert and inquisitive in his blood-thirsty- ness that he was always called the Inquirer, Well, I hope you are attending like good children, I must tell you that he used to infest some marshes at the foot of a high mountain called Mount Eliza where in his wallowings, gambols, and freaks, he used to fancy he could shake the world, like the Megatherium of antediluvian times, or to come nearer our own age, he seemed to feel himself a sort of unwieldy His Johnson, a second Leviathan in literature. Well, I must also tell you, he used to go every now and then for food to his den, where he dispatched so much, that people called it in joke behind his back, (for they took precious care not to let him hear them), his Office, though, he, himself never found it suffice. Now you will readily suppose that this Dragon required a great deal of food, but I can tell you that though he gobbled up and gulped down an enormous quantity, he was nevertheless very easily provided, for everything was grist that came to his mill, all, were Cab that were caught in Maitland at every body and every thing seemed to disagree with him, why you know" it didn't much signify. When this Dragon was on the way to his slaughter home, he would look blacker than ever, and then if you could have seen the people run into their houses and hide themselves under the beds ; or behind the doors, or any where else,' and peep at him through cracks and each smiting conscience would ask let me see what I have done in the last week was I at church last week in what part of the colony are my friends? I wonder if he is going to eat any of them up, and then tore meet their ghosts? and such like harrassingques«, tions. Poor terrified mortals Î they never felt themselves safe on their own domestic hearths. Why, bless you ! my dears, numbers even could not constitute safety, for he would swallow up whole meetings, chairman, resolutions, and all, and would only be too happy to second the measure. He called these his gun or Banbury Cakes. (There is a doubt my dears about the old English word). This Dragon was different however from most others in one respect, he had no defensive armour on him much thicker than a sheet el'paper, he was thin skinned and very available. It was the easiest thing possible to hurt this Dragon and put him in a rage ; but then he was covered with feathers j and he would pluck one of them out of his body as quickly as a porcupine shoots his quills, and stick his victim in an instant. Some silly adventurers used to tease him by getting a goose quill, cut it into a very sharp point, dip it into poison, and go softly behind him and prick him. If the Dragon happened to catch them, woe betide them ; but there's one thing to be said, he generally caught his own tail between his tooth and it was a great consolation to the world to find that he oftener did himself harm than others, I dare say, my dears, you have often, heard it said that a lion is not dangerous after dinner, only when he is hungry; but bless my stars, this Dragon was always hungry, always ready to snap at anything ; though I am sure he never could, digest, half what he had to swallow. Well, as I said before it was very easy to provoke this Dragon and to punish him, but how was he to be killed outright? that was the question. St. Georges were not to be had like wind by whistling; and if they had come they would have found too much work even for Hercules. Hercules 2 I should like to know if all Hercules' labours would have borne comparison with one contention with this dragon. Hercules thought he did a fine thing when he killed the seven-headed Leruein Hydra, although he had to burn the seven stumps after the heads were cut off, to prevent their springing into twice as many more gaping mouths ; but if he came down and tried with this serpent, he would have burnt ' his own fingers ; I know he beat all to nothing the stag with the golden horns and feet, but he never could have outrun this political constable ; he certainly cleansed the Augean stables, where 3000 oxen, had been confined for many years, but I should like to have seen him attempt to remove the filth and rubbish, that has so long been secreted in this Inquirer's Office and just the same with his other labours; they were merely playing at marbles compared to the work he would have found with this Dragon, even if his intention and endeavour had been to pacify the boast. I could tell you a great deal more about this Dragon, which would wake your very blood run cold howe had only to open his mouth but I see you are gaping and tired yourselves my dear little patient children, so that I must relieve your anxiety and bring this story to a close. Well now my dears, who do you suppose went forth to treat with this Dragon: do you think it was an army with gunpowder to blow him up, or sappers and miners to undermine him; do you, think a person went to excommunicate him. No, it was a very obscure individual ; who like David when a little shepherd boy, went to parley with the giant. He was so obscure a person, that even his name it is to be hoped will never transpire, for if he should at any future time be caught, he will have to endure the personal invective of this Dragon, the disapprobation of and cut from all his friends, and last, though not least, he will have to hide his diminished head from the peculiar me sir' Has. However the officious individual thought he would risk the Dragon and every body and every thing else, and all for your sakes my own, dear children, SO he called out from behind a linkwood tree, where the Dragon couldn't see him, " I say, stir Dragon, I know very we 1 you are a very powerful beast, and can frighten us out of the few cases we have brought from England ; but what good will that do you ? You have it in your power to do an immense deal of good ;. Give us a her now and then, and shew us the way. You will find that the respect and thanks of a grateful people are more acceptable, even in a Dragon like you, than the execrations of a justly offended and irritated community y. Now don't return one of your gruff growls, but cry pax. I believe you, might make matters all square yet, and recover our lost friend, but if you refuse this fair flier I for one will never cease to a lorry j au. ISTo doubt you look upon this as a threat and despite it, but recollect a mosquito may drive an elephant mad, and I have seen a horse kick for two hours because a little fly was biting him in some part he couldn't reach. However take this. warning as you like, if you neglect it I promise you I chu li be a thorn in your side and a flea in your ear, and if you persist in gobbling up my fellw-ckristiaas, 1 will pay you off, somehow. I will by _ ST. GEORGE. 