" UNADORNED ELOQUENCE" IN THE PULPIT. HITHERTO the public have known but little of Dr. M'lIale'B powers as a speaker, Save us they oozed out at a repeal banquet or monster meeting. With the style of his countless missives from St. Jarlath's all are familiar, but of his pulpit eloquence those living out of the range of his spiritual jurisdiction must be necessarily wholly ignorant. To the Rev. Mr. Moore,' the rector of Cong, in the county of Mayo, is the ' -wsd*»-ind£b.te.d for a sample of the most rev rend prelate's "tHundering?-: and Jf such be the teaching inculcated upon the ,'Tàîu}rni'A-4n.1 the archdiocese of Tuam, people will begin to think that of a choice of evils it would be better if " his Grace" devoted his whole time to the concoction of diatribes for the edification of the bigoted faction of which he is the accredited champion, and leave the pulpit duties to be discharged by his subordinate clergy. In a letter addressed to the Evening Mail, Mr. Moore makes a statement of the circumstances under which he has been the means of elucidating the charitable views entertained by Dr. M'Hale towards those who have the misfortune to differ with him in religious faith : It having been announced, writes Mr. Moore, From the altar of our parish chapel, for the last few Sabbaths, that the " Archbishop of Tuam" would hold a confirmation on Thursday, the 23rd of August, and that he would then and there denounce Mrs. Moore's school and Mr. Moore's lecture, that I might obtain a true account of what the Pope's servant" did really say, I sent two reporters to the chapel-the one a Protestant the other a Roman Catholic. I give you the report as furnished by the Roman Catholic, as it may be less exceptionable. I shall make no comment. I shall not return railing for railing, but contrary wise blessing." Earnestly, Indeed, do I pray the Lord God may bless "the Pope's servant," by turning him from darkness to light; truly my hearts desire and prayer to God for my Roman Catholic brethren, whether of high or low degree, is that they may be saved The Roman Catholic reporter thus begins e, Mass being over the Archbishop ascended the altar and addressed the congregation in Irish, saying, "He was much pained at receiving an invitation from that 'holy man' (pointing to the parish priest to were indeed painful "to, nï?UBi ^Ä"t°..mt,'m""1 duties of arrow li!yIindrIjTJn h ,;",/J,? 'we'll a cursed church established on a," AT 11 SM's Catholic crime , "f Ocean 1 urged that '''i the poor of Ireland of the last legacy left tun. v II was iortfattars-a < bunch that was now the ice, L "I,',' r m th and age of this p "Uh, "ride, in," aift'lVu V,, '"' of Travel, me, to ensnare them, by Lord J L it from pecuniary r, lies only to men of ? of 'a '"9 thoSe '! in gifts to '''straps and 8 , 73rd '"'' They will give" you Schools for your cl. Mr. H L C E schools, and then "educated to their choice . ?' CM" »vhntucurse! Could he |,o|10,0 it to b " he In I s"s. TAIT'S »''««"'1 to stand back some time their children a Whatever were the, x us, ? " tl.0/r0Ánberie inexcusable) was Case. who Jt;,Ud Is fig! and , "7 ' "local" would send their children to a"",. school they are killing,,,, their Louis, lay I 1 " ' feed on the poison and parts of hut A 1.3 damnable northern church which. is . reinstating his principles as I have alluded to cannot be i¿Tí?í, church. a * * * No ; it is a church which robbed God of his son,. A church that despises His virgin mother, and J' prived her of her honour. How can they honouring Son when they despise the Mother! A child, 2 despised the Mints, a church which denoted the true church of God of its glory, and had only retained the loathsome, filthy carcase, Well they would fain feed the poor deluded souls they were destroying h, their heretical doctrine. Oh I could the remains "7 those departed saints, who once adorned Ino now mouldering walls of that venerable Abbey, "race and speak, and whose spirits are now in the road, of his they would raise their voice, and tell what were IIB principles of that damnable church, they would tell the sad history of spoliation which left It Inserted X in ruins, n church founded on the spoil of the Catholic church, supported and established by Inn, He ruin the people of the parish would henceforth a case to find,! any communication with such a foul institution it," should hold no intercourse with them, they should not speak to them, they should not listen to them the should not salute them for the future on the highway, their Her, breath was poison. Now, let us pay the Holy Ghost may come down upon us, 44, 