VARIETIES. A Ghost is Love. — The Abeille Couchoise tells the following story : — ' A few nights ago, a worthy farmer living nenr Yvetot, who had lately become a widower, was aroused nt midnight by the loud barking of his dog. On going to it, the nni.itrtl displayed extreme terror, where upon the farmer took bis gun and proceeded to inspec tion. All at once be: saw a horrid phantom, clothed in a white sheet, rise behind the hedge Tbe farmer turned deadly pale, and his limbs shook with dismay. He how ever contrived to ejaculate, ' I nni your deceased ivife, come from the grave to warn you not to marry Marie A. ? 1 to whom you are making love. She is unworthy to shnrc thy bed. Tbe only woman to succeed me is Hen riette B — . Marry her, or persecution and eternal tor ment shall be your doom ! ' This strange address from the goblin, instead of dismaying the farmer, restored his courage. He accordingly rushed on the ghostly visitor, and stripping off its sheet, discovered the fair Henrietta B ? herself, looking excessively foolish. It is said that the farmer, admiring the girl's trick, has had the banns published for his marriage with her.' Artful Creatuke.— She got Mr. Jones by her cun ning. He was a timid young man and very bashful, and did not come up to the scratch as my brother Jack calls it ; so after two or three letters bnd passed between them, she shewed me a letter Rhe bnd written to him, and the artful creature had spelled her Christian name with two r's, so it read thus : ' Marry Anne Smith,' and the poor creature took the hint, nnd did marry Anne Smith. An American writer says, ' Poetry is the flour of litera ture ; prose is the corn, potatoes, and meat ; satire is the aqua-fortis; wit is the spice and pepper; love letters are the honey and sugar ; and letters containiug remittances arc the apple dumplings.' The Queen's Last.—' Was not your heart, my dear, much moved by the enthusiasm of your Irish, subjects?' asked Prince Albert of his royal spouse. ' Ah* yes,' re plied tbe Queen, ' During my whole visit it went pit-a-pat' {Pity Pat.) 