THE "COMPETENT SERVANT CLAUSE. To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury. Opus artificers prohat." SIR On perusing your last issue, I was not a little astonished at perceiving that one of our sapient legis- laters Mr. Murray-had actually introduced a clause in his Masters and Servants Bill, to the effect that " servants falsely representing themselves to he competent, if found incompetent, may be fined, or imprisoned for any period not exceeding one month. I had not thought, before witnessing this futile attempt at coercive class legislation, that in this germ of English civilisation, there could be found even one person so devoid of the spirit of the age, as to thus attempt to make slaves of his poorer, but, I am confident, more high-minded fellow-subjects; and I need not adduce any stronger argument against this unheard of atrocity, than that this selfsame "competent" legislator, after having been bearded to his face by his co-lawmakers, abandoned the perpetration of so stupid and childish a clause; but at the same time so well worthy the contracted and dwarfish views of the puerile mind of its originator. When I had perceived some short time since, that on the expiration of the old act, a bill would be introduced in its place by Mr. Murray, I had began to flatter myself, that the inexpungable stain which has so long remained on our statute-book would at least be atoned for in some partial degree, by a measure partaking somewhat of the character of British legislation; but alas, how miserably have I been deceived in this " competent ", Solon, who, in the face of men who are rapidly making strides to nationality-n who are looking forward to the no distant day, when the "Great Australian Nation " shall assert her place among the nations-has introduced this clause, "competent" only for those by-gone times which found the almost expiring flame of civilisation well-nigh quenched. It might do for the Russian serf, or for the subject of the Turk; but the spirit which wrested Magna Charta from the wily John, or Habeas Corpus from the worthless James, could not did not brook this insult to the genius of British freedom. Mr. Dangar and Mr. Wentworth supported the clause. The " Australian Demosthenes," OB usual, where the interests of his class are to be served, supported Mr. Murray; but at this I am not astonished, as it is in keeping with many of his recent proceedings in the Council. However, I feel profound regret that Mr. Wentworth should have supplied his well-earned reputa- tion by recording his assent to this disgraceful clause. This gentleman, possessed as he is of talent which would enable him in the eyes of a British House of Commons, should not thus unwisely allow himself to be ranked among that class of men who are doing all that their selfish puny minds can devise to stay the progress of liberal institutions in this his native country. As for Mr. Dangar, I console myself with the knowledge that men of his cast have not the will to do good, and it requires a mind imbued with more than vulgar elements to do evil. The Attorney-General and the honorable member for the Northumberland Boroughs are deserving of the gratitude of every "incompetent" servant in the colony for their unqualified and in toto opposition to this sense of a clause. The latter gentleman, especially, has done his countrymen good service on several recent occasions, and has proved himself worthy of the universal confidence reposed in him by the people of these boroughs. Mr. Murray, when he found that he had thus committed himself in the eyes not only of his co legislators but also of his fellow-colonists, withdrew his " incompetent clause, doubtless with the hope that he would be able to commit it to the same oblivion to which he has consigned his reputation ; but it was too late he had crossed the Rubicon of his Masters and Servants Act, but not, like the Roman Caesar, to gain undying fame-he, like another discomfited Brutus, will find on every future occasion a Fhillippi where he shall meet the ghost of an " incompetent servant." The time for such acts as that yclept the " Masters and Servants Act is rapidly hurrying into that dark abyss from whence it came. Let the general people of Australia be but once invested with the sacred right of every freeman the right of a voice in the election of those men who are to make laws for their government to supervise the spending of the moneys to which each one contributes proportionately-and then we shall have no more Algerine enactments, no more "competent" legislators, no more "incompetent" clauses. -I am, dCC, custos ovnJM. 