Domestic Intelligence The Turf.-Two or three races w« run on tho 1 lemington rico course josterd Iho fast «us for a silver cup, ot Ilia value twenty-fivo sovereigns, one ami n half milo lier winch mis vron b\ Liardet'gpallv Broun, bcati Haves I lemington Rover, and O Rcellcv's W Irishriim Iho next neo «us foi ano« sail and IridK, «Inch waa aUotnkon by Polly Broi beating Hayes, Swordsman, Blnek Princes's, 1 nig Pieman, Mckellars Creeper, and Robmso Witch Othor mutches «tie run , but nltotjctl " tho meet" went off rather timcli, »lihou there «ore somo "w.etcrato turtitcs on 1 ground Tup Bridge' Tub BridoeI- Aga we bog to ask why the envious scaffolding po are Btlll kept across the new bridge, and « the bitter intuit of being pushed into the mud added to tho injury of an unnecessary toll ? 1 nro strongly inclined to tear that tho public being trilled with in tins matter, and as no cn not conscientiously stand hy and seo our oi patron ill used, no ngam appeal to those lu informed for an explanation , and wo sh oertninly repent this paragraph at intervals thrco duvs till either tbo bridge bo rcallv opent or some very satisfactory reason bo asslguod i its remaining closed. Quoits.-A match at quoits came of on Saturday, for £10 aside, 21 yards, three pound quoits, fifteen up, best two games out of three, between Richard Sutcliffe, winner of the quoit playing at the late gymnastic games, and Charles Wood. The spot chosen was the hollow ground near Lonsdale's paddock. ln the first game Sutcliffe went off and scored five, when Wood went in and took the fifteen up. In the second game the play was pretty regular throughout, Wood ben thirteen, when his adversary reached fifteen. In the third game the men regularly took one to one till nine were scored, Sutcliffe then wenl up to thirteen, and stopped till Wood reached twelve, when he again took up the p ay and made his fifteen. The game was remarkably well contested, and the betting at the beginniog was in favour of Wood to almost any amount. Mechanics Institution -It was ex pected that the Rev. Mr. Monson would have exhibited a number of transparent diagrams by the use of the magic lantern illustrative of the science of Astronomy, and various departments of Natural History, at the Mechanics Institution last evening, for the benefit of the young member', or the children of members, but he was preventel from doing so, by an unforeseen en gagement of which he had no recollection until the hour for commenning the exhibition has almost arrived. However the Rev, gentlem* ensdeavoured in some measure to neutralise the effect of this disappointment, by entrusting the magie lantern io Mr. Crook, who kindly endea voured to make use of it at the Hall, and Mr Gi bona hain " also very o portunaly pre entr < h nve f, the ui ile I ilTor . ol iii" two produicd very pleasing an lint.rucMve exhibition, lindum having been produced ni munv ti'etlial hoditi as nell ae object* in Natu al History, an I wel known and eelcbtattd scenes io B Hain, an o her place« The Hill watcrowdel. The Leading Journal -The Inte an nauiicemuit of our intention to moreno the sir of our journal nppcirs to lnvo atiircd tho I ii io our coiitcinpornri s to a mosliuordiiiito extent and each und nil of thctn open out upon us in i etylo which tliooccisiun acirceh seems to jtutifv Wo only trust that «o »hill ho utilo to survive it Wo «urn t'io soveral turtles concerned, however tluttthcv will do «eil not to exhaust all then indignation upon the past, but reservo a littlo o it for tho luttiio na no cm nsstiro thom that they «ill icqutre li i lio announcement «hieb wi ni ide on Saturday ins n pieto al information foi our readers merely, mid in it oin contemporaries «ero barely illuded to ut all, hut hinco th iy Im o furcul themselves into vie» m eonucetton nitli tho nutter, they nny tuku thoeonscqtieucis 1 oi Iho degree ol toil mee to ho pi tcuJ upon oin pro mises tor tbo futuie, let the m Jiid"'e hv the pist, and let them uik themselves it no lune nuco d ceivo 1 them in anything no stated, to he our intention Ihey lutijied ut ti', ntul nfleetel to disbolitvo us, «lim a fe» months »inca (sj f « as almost to appear a dream) «o told thom that we «boul I cUncite o lia his from till the dilheult t« tint surrounded us 1 ach of tho gio it guimof thu unhappy ?.rgiu hid then some little «crape of its omi, and hanging, drawing, and qinrtcritig «ero thu lo ist punishment Jor sp uking, «riting, or even himpla repining In thoso dut«, «hen wo «ero iii some dinger of oniitiHing our omeo, with tho g toi, whin sheriffs olhoers «oro our overseer« and bulifla our reporten, «a »luted that ti gool causo and a stout he irt «oui I onablo tis to pull [thiougli, and «ORtiitcd nothing but tho truth With a poor little) pntioi of six eolumiiR, very fun advertisements, una our subscribers not pre- cisely resembling tho sands upon tho sea-shore, we naiel thut wo would mcreaso our spice, and «o did so, Hint our subscription list should rapidly sivoll, and it did so, that iidiurtiaing would follow in its own good tuno, and it did so Wo said in «pito of a «mull town liko Molbourno having already two daily pujiera, that tho Argus should b como a dully impir, and it did so, that it should quickly tnko tho lead of iu elder rivals, ami it "did ho Wo also sud that wo would settle tho old quoation as to which ot them should go to tho wall, hy quiotly finding them n wall npiooo, mid although this |ioei«i is not entirely complutod, wo um only sty that if tho\ do not begin to «mell brhk dust, wo cntinnt uoinpliiiiunt thom upon thouMtoiti oi their oltnotone« Wo tell thuin with nil tho ;ir>iti£« ut tho triiUiluliies« ol our lonner preihotions.that owl timos uro upon them W li it wo liuvo now to do is ( hlld h pi iy to what wo have ulready dono 'Ibu gnino ia up, und tiny omi noither piraiuuln tbo publio nor them Moina, thut tho hand that sustterod tim «tied omi * xptriuiieo tho «lightest dilhnulty m reaping tbo harvest Wo huvo long ptnU.il for this intended inorcass of »paco nnu being at last about to .whiovo Unit, wogivu tin so gentry lair warning that wo will load thom snub a daneo a« «hiill fiot th»n» to »keUtous U th»j tntleavour t« falloir. Van Diemen's Land-'Ihe news papers received by iho Shomroek bring fu detail« of the ' monster nnii-iranspurtaiion mee tug" h» d at Launi estoo, on iho 9 li insl, win the large room of the Cornwall Hoicl is reporu lo have been densely filled with persons from s pan« of the co ony, and of hi'g» landed proprn tors a greater number ihm on any previous ocei sion mingled with the croud The demon.ln non appears lo have been of tho most elf cm drsoripuon Mr Davis formerly police magis- trate at George Town, ha« been rc-appoinied I that ofilec, nui the port-officer has been directe io take up hi« residence iii Launceston. Smith O'Brien, the principal of the Irish State 001 vieta is reported to have made his escape from Van Diemen a Land on board a Swan Port craft called tho Victoria Whither ho ha« direoted hi course had not been ascertained. We ei .oarcely d epoacd to regard this event with rtgtc for as no man cou d well regard S íiih O Brien n in possession of his p oper senses, it was psinfi to wiimss a madman treated as a oondemnc criminal Mr Megson was giving concerts in Launceston, but apparently with less success than could be considered commensurate with his performances Mr. Moort'a Church Bills-Mi Sladen lina addressed a letter to the Geelon Adurtise , to ihe following eil c1 -'A lett« bal ocea p noted out to roe lu the V etona Colon» ol this morning, in which my name is prominenil mentioned, with respect io au assertion made b »Ir Moor in the Council, on the occasion o Major Mercer presenting two petitions fror Geelong against ibe Church Hills. I oannot tel to whom Mr Moor allude« in th «xprea ion quoted, bu , if it be lo mr, a asserted in the letter lu the Victor a Colonist, h li«« uttered «n untruth I neviraaw the Bill« nor could I learn their contents until 1 acciden- tally ibleinod through a friend in Melbourne punted cop es sent to lum amongst his uaus Council pipers, although, st the request of lb Bishop, 1 1 ad furnished much maller for one o ibera (namely the Temporalities Bill) and hai repeatedly ask d Mr Moor to let me «ee a draft o the latter Bill b fore he left for Sydney 1 wa anxnus thut Mr Vloar should endeavour to ge that Bill passed through thcLouncil tina seasi m and so expressed rovself when I Bent him m; nates in May lau, but that was mutter ignoraoci of such objectionable matter being proposed ti be introduced, or of such extraordinary and un explained secrecy being contemplated with reg« i io them 1 am not aware that I have written li Mr Mior since that time ; certainly not sinre lu left Meltourne fir Sydney 1 am truly eorr; that it has bee* found necessary io t kc euc) extraordinary steps in endeavouring to preven the passing of the Bill as it now stands. And 1 oelieve, that bad the fee logs of the members o the Church of Englaud, botb clerical and lav, been du'y oonsulted in the maller, lhere woulc have been no difficulty in passing during thu aeision auch a Bl 1 to regilate the témpora affairs of the Church in Port Phillip, as is now «c ibu oh wanted.'' RrsracTAiHLiTY. - Although we ?hall not condescend to reply to tho nonsense with which weare faiorod with rcfcretieo to oui intended commencement of a very vigorous cam- paign, there is one passage m a paragriph in yesterday's Herald ut once so characteristic, and so admirably in keeping w.th lu« chim to ultra-respectability, that we fevl hound to alludo to it Ho throws out como of Ins absurd suggestions, and «ays, If we will do this, and who doubts it' no shall soon bo able to pay our wages regularly, overy Saturday night Kow, this plainly inferring that wo do not pay our wages regularly, and forming one of a constant succession of insinua« tuns leading to tho impression, that «o hive Ion.» bien en tho verge of bankruptcy, is sa atrocious in )>r nelpie, and so utterly be yowl tho palo of decent rivalry in matters connected with jjurnalism, thntour rouler» must excuso our troubling thom with milters ol a purely pn\ ito naturo, and which but for this " respectable' gentleimn, need not havo been drigged bolora them It must be well known that to meet tho vcrv heavy expenses of a printing estuhlisiiinent, very little money is receñid during tho current quirtcr, and that under any circumstances a con- cern cinbr icing tho accounts ol so in my hu ldruls of pirties, each indebted to a símil amount, must havo a largo sum constantly eunk iho gr at druin is of oourso in the shape of wages, and to meet tho inconvenience alluded to above, it has boen a rulo with tins office, sinco conducted under its present auspices, tu pty tho pc iplo employed, about ono pounl a nock each, during tho quarter, mid tho balanco at the end ol it, as soon us the accounts begin tocóme m îvo prictical incouvonieneo can oci-ur to men jwtd upon Mich a system, twentv shillings going along wiy to meet weekly expiiiilitmc, and nnv well conducted man readily ' gotting credit fora month or two to uni reiwin abloamoint Mo«, no nun, so fur na wo uro aware, has over been disappointed ot Ins weekly i allow mci, nor has any delny occurred in tlio ' piMiientot tho hillanco nt tho qitutci sind, in I am singlo lust ince, no min has oier leltour I ni loy tor nnv reason connected with hu piy lneiils , no singlo instance ol compliant his cvtr , reached our cars On the contiiirs, no bohevo our oflieo to bo the most popular iii town, as wo i know it to contain tho host sut of worknrii, mid I to bo tho most eRiciont Sueli being thoaisi, I what is to bo thought of a mm «ho thus dri"s for« ird matter« with which no ono but ourselves mid our men hn\o «nvthing todo and insinuates I thoso biso mid wanton lies tor tho purpos ot iiijuiiiij;ourcroJttî ihisisliota very political | eoinmiiuitv it is too little so It n pure s e,ieit industry and a von interest 1 mg subject to get up n little whultsomo evcitomeiit upon any politic ti question But wo uro a highly romnerciU people low of 'us lut mo inter s ted in trido ol nomo sort or kind , mi 1 us a coitiim rciil people, wo appeal to this cuiiuiiiiiitv, whether any thing can hu moro . thoroughly coiitcinptihlo nml ntrocious than tlio 1 I ii neat ion ol Mioh ialsoboods for such a purposo I his man knows that his public character is tlio jiWhonificition of everything contemptible Ho knows flint iijioii overy ptiblio question « o can blow lum to atoms, «henelor «o condescend to I honor linn with a «hot Ho daily nfloets gront 1 horror ut tho vigor of our oflbrts at reforming , tbo endless abuses with willoh wo aro surrounded, and vet ho thus wantonly propagates thoso lalso ! and wicked inventions from tho meanest motiles, an I to compass the basest ond And ykt this ii Tim cosDUcron, or the " iib fkctadlk" JOURNAL' (JÇ- We «re requestel to invite the attention of Hie trade to »n extensive sale of »lops *nd groceri^, lilli day, at eleven o'clock, by Mr. P. Davie, at the City Mart. .J?,- We direot ihe attention of the publio lo Ihe sale of valuable bnlloing »Hutments to be held by Mener«. Frtnois «nd Cohen, tt their Mart, this day. BSy Wo rcrpicst tho attention of the public to tho salu ot a inisedlutioous assortment of Goods to bo held nt th < rooms of Mossra Stubbs und bun tins duy at tnolvo o clock. MmtMit intelligence. (Continued from Second f*ge.) ;Bufrbue Court.-This being the iflist day of the third Term, Hi* Honor the Resi- dent Judge will nil in Bant o at tervo olock. Thb Mumps.-Many children and «.orne adalta have been lately attacked .with tho .oroplaint -known under the familiar name of **' the mumps," being a swelling of the glands of the throat, accompanied in some cases willi great pain, and in all with febrile symptoms; buttha .epidemic is fast disappearing, ami did not tit nny .time present alai ming appearances, although in -some few in tances suppuration was induced, and consequently tho complaint required moro -oarefol treatment and entailed greater suffering «pon tho patient. Nkw Roof Covering.-We are re- quested io call ihe attention of partita ¡ntereited, 'to« new building now erecting, under the stree *ion of Mr. Wharton in Elizabeih-itreet, near Li Trobe-strtet. The roof is covered wiih *Vg»lvanii-.d iron" being the lint used in lb ii district, and form* «a understand, the cheapest and iightest covering for roof« that can be put on. It is plowing io «ppeeranee, very durable, not »fíented by lightning or rust, admit« ventilation, sod ii an admirable covering for verardsb«, or for Bal roofi. It is alto well adapto I for «pouls and gutter« of all kinds-and sa Mr. H. W. M «ion for whom the buildiugs aro erecting has imported a considerable quantity, any ona ¿ciiou« can get it bom bim. DISTRESSING CASE.—A Mrs. Ellen Dulan was brought before the police bench on Mon- day, charged with having attempted to drown her- self on Saturday last. The husband of the poor woman was in attendance, and stated that his wife had been for the last nine months in an unsound state of mind, and being but a poor man with a family of six children, he had been reduced to great strain in endeavouring to provide for their support. The sitting Magistrate recommended him to get, if possible, his wife ad- mitted to the lunatic asylum, and expressing his sympathy for his sufferings, discharged the wife, recommending the husband lo watch her closely and prevent her from injuring herself or others. Tub Wood Act Again !-Duncan M'Callum appeared at iht police office ob Monday, In obedieno« to an information charging him un- der the Dead Wood Aot, wilhoutting and.cirry lug off wood from'Crown land«. 'On ixaminiog th* summon», It was dlioovered that be had been merely obarged therein with '' cutting wood, ' and therefore the information wa* dismissed, as well as another Qled against Edward r'itz-imnns, for an informality of a aimilir nature. An informa- tion bad «lao been filed again«! M'Callunu'i «ore, a lad abont sixteen years of «ga, for cutting growing wood on Crown land«; but the summon« having been served on lha father (ñatead of the sun, lid* specie* of service wt* held to bl defec- tive, and the eua wta «lio diimiistd, A SupposKn BuiHRANGBa.-At xha Police Offico, on Friday, a man named Honry Field was charged with roaming about the country with fire-arms in his possession. A Con- stable stated that 1'iold had been apprehended on the station of Mr. Murtin, Western Port, with a loaded gun in bia possession ; and having been taken belbru Mr. Duna, ho had failed to givo a proper nccounl of himself, and was there- fore forwnrdod to Mrlbonrno Chief District Constohlo Ii rod ¡o stntod that, within the, last two months, iutclligonco had boen received of eight persons having made their escupa whilo bring conveyed to Mclbourno by constables, and ns soruo of these men had boon"committed Irom Unit part of tho country wbero tho prisoner said ho had como from, it was very probable ho might b» ono of them, and bo thercl'iro requested tho bench to remand tbo prisoner until bo could instílate the necessary enquiries. Field stated that ho had boen lately discharged from tho service of Mr. Taylor, on tho Murray, and that ha wiM proceeding to Gipps' Land, in sanrch of 'employment, when ho was interrupted and anpreliuuded. Mr. Brodie stated further that if lield failed to account satisfactorily for having a loaded gun ill hi« possession under auch .Ircumttancei, ho would incur the penalty of t '0 year« imprisonment under tho Dushranging Aot. The prisoner was then remanded till Thursday. V Transportation -Yesterday cven ' log a .numcroui end respectable meeting, ton wn«d by placa'dv tur ed on the afternoon «f th« same day, took place at the Sur Hot«), lor the purpos* ol determining what step* should be iskto willi referí nco to tb« despatch of S r Oharla« Fits Rov pu'd «bed in our inue ol yu« tsrday. Mr. Wilshire havîr.g been ca lad to th« chair, tb« rcsduiion«, whtuh will ba lound in another part of to-day'« ptper, w«r« murnini uilv adoptid. Toroughuut th« various «peeahe« which ware delivered un ihe oooaiion, but oneienllnien» seemed to prevail, that of dliguitsnd indignation at lb« conduct of Sir Charl«« Kits Hoy in Iran«, "¡..ting to th« Secretary of State a thapati h so .»««dingly fabulout in the report which it lonveys respecting the Great Promt Meeting, held In June 1049. There could not have been )e«i then lour hundred poisons present during tlie «vauing ; in (act the attewlanoo wai so uu jrietoua that uh ibu passage« wtt'o orowdud, and number« worn unabtb io gain «ilnu.ianoe A l-letter waar addon Robert Campbell, _iu, r*r »reiling that be ooah! not maka it ron ventent to atlrud. but ixprMiing strongly bit willingo«*» lo farther iho ol.Jeou of the meeting hy wiVy _.ao« la his jiow»«.-Sj,ilr»y /7»raW, Aug. 10 Sale of Books.-The sale of books I held by Messrs Stubbs and Son on Saturday, attracted an unnsmlly Inrgo attendance of pur [ chasers including many of tho Jiferati and savons of Mclbourno nnd tho viciiiitv The competition .was occasionally very spirited, and tho price realized in somo cases, when the object was tho work of a fuvounto author, was very hand- some. Tur Leoax Measure of Utility - A rather novel, and ive mnst say at the same time-« saddemng, view of tho light in winch the law regards diCeient trades and professions, was presented to our notieo yestcrdav. A Mr John Pinn, a schoolmaster, was brought up under a îiidgos order, being insolvent, for examination Roforc being sworn, ho laid a cluim he foro the cominiMiouer tor compensation for time lost, and was duly nnarded-two shillings and sixpence for Ins day's hire A subsequent nitness, George i Fvars, a sawver, aUo laid a claim for compensa- tion for his day's work, and «as ordered to bo paid MX shillings ' 'linn tho loss of instruction to tho hundred Youthful minds who that dny .lacked tho schoolmaster, was -valued at half-a I crown ' vlulst tho hundred feet of boirds that I the sauver might havo cut were set donn at six shillings ' ' Well may wo complain of tho non extcnsion of education, »hen tho schoolmaster is -ranked so very far bolow a third-rato mechanic PENTRIDGE STOCKADE.-The Stockade at Pentridge for the safe custody of the prisoners sentenced to various periods of imprisonment with hard labour, for their offences, is nearly completed. A superintendent, overseer, and three constables have been appointed for this new branch of the public service, and it is supposed that these preparations are indicative of the in- tention of the Executive to remove the prisoners to this scene of their future punishment at no very distant period The inhabitants of Pentridge and the neighbourhood are, in consequene, thrown into a state of great excitement and alarm as they cannot perceive how a body of from forty to fifty men, including many of the greatest ruffians who have infested this and the neighbour- ing colony of Van Diemen's Land, can be kept under proper discipline and control by five men, however careful they may be, in every respect, in the performance of their duties. With good riatoi, ii 'i apprehended that lb ey will become tba vielims of ibe depredations of these despera doe* to a fearlul extent, both in tbeir live* acd properties, as the Stockade, itself being composed of logs, and surrounded with a log fence of only about four feet in height, cannot be supposed to furnish any security againit their midnight ex- cursions in search of plunder, which of course they will not hesitate to obtain at the hazard of their own lives, and regardless of the lives of those who shall be disposed to resist their violence But these apprehensions are not confined to the localities above alluded to. They are fast spreading all over the country, with the additional surmise that Bushranging will become general throughout the colony, as these men when they escape from the Stockade, holdirg out as it does, strong in- ducements to the commission of such an offence will at once provide themselves with horses and a supply of provisionr, and make for the distant interior, where they can either singly or in bands renew their former criminal life, and place the lives and properties of the remote settlers com- pletely at their mercy. Melhournr Totai. Abstinence So. , ciKTT -TI o members of tho Mclbourno Total Abstinence Society, with the vio» of extending tho sphoro of their usefulness, ard in some mea j »uro «tewmitif» tho tulo of drunkenness which, notwithstanding their most strenuous excrtio s, 'still flows with so strong and destructive n cur I rent, havo lalolv resorted bo the salutary dovico of (.ivittg musical with minno dramatic enter- tainments overv Saturday evening, in their hall, R mell »troet Last Saturday evening their in teitalnincnts m ero attended by botween two nn 1 threo hundred persons, and otnbrncod singing, recitations, and acting tho ghost scenoof lia »let, «hilo instrumental inusiovtns furnished bv tho Sax-horn band stationed in t io balcony of the hall for that purpose Iho char,o inado for admission is only tho small Bum of threo pence, which, from the great «ucoess already attending > tho scheme, it is calculated will, in the conran ot a Inch «month, reach a goodly amount The hall being nt length rohoved from debt, and yielding a very handsome yearly income, tho "umbers havo hoon induced to purohiiso the , «il|oiiiing allotment of ground, upon whioli they , intend building a publie leoturo room nuil library, , tho latter of which «ill be, in tim first ii stance, f onlv nccessihlo to members , but it is in content« plnlion bo oxtond its benefits in ootirso «I tuno i to tho publio generally, iqioii cxlremelv moderato tonus Tho ©ntortniiiments to which wo liuvo , alluded aro so nell conductod, that though tho i audicnco is chu fly composed of tho moro humble I classes, such as mechanics, laborers, i most fastidious need not bo deterred Irom nt . tending, ns t'jo strictest order und propriety nro i most riLid'y enforecd A président is electid I who is chure,od nilli tlio duty of currying out tho , programme of tho ovoiiing'H pioneerings, and ho i accordingly calls upon certain mihi ubini« who . como lor«iird to the platform, und having pu . '. forruod tho part« assigned lo thom return to tho I body ol the hull and nsMimn then nineo« nun ng i tho iiuiheiieo |until agmn inquired to mnl o tholr aiiponraueo Aitothor feat uro in this scheine for > tho more direct improvement of tho condition of i the working classe« is, that a onp of em lion t r coflee can be procurod on retiring to tho room of ibu ball-keeper for s vert moderato ohwge . ii« , Roman Catholic Church.- Privi I letter* have been received I rom Dr Geogheg conveying the intelligence that he intendei embark on his return io this colony in the cou of the month of July laut, and that the re-veri gentlemin would be ucaompuniedby eight p-ie all of whom it was ¡mended to settle in ibis < t.ict. Four of tho above li id been «cut on, the expense of the society for the propagation the laith at Lyons. Drunkenness.-No fewer thtin ni drunkards figured at tho police office, ycsicrd comprising seven men and two female«, and wi respectively punished for the off nco The rcco; of the police olTico clearly show that the offei of drunkenness is rapidly increasing; hut ne i dir posed to attribute lids occurrence to a p portionatei'icrease in the population, end not any deoided deterioration of the morals of t community generally. Melbourne Total Abstinence Pin AKTunonc Sociatv.-A tea meeting ol th» IV! bon ne Tot 1 HmiiicncePhilanthropic Society w held in ihe Protestant Hall, on Mooday evenir Tea, willi the umal accompanying relrcshmei was partaken of by betweeu two and three hu dred psrsom, and a publie meeiii'g was afti wards held, ni the coorie of which several exci lent speedie* wera delivered in oommendati of tho virtue of total abstinence, and c ndemn lion of Ihe vice of drunkenness. Toe fesiiviti terminated with a bill, chiefly for the beecfit the juvenile members of the e.-ciety, rbicu v» kepi up with great ipirit, and in the midst never-flaggin¿ cordiality till a late hour in ti morning. Soltii Australia. - We h.v Adelaido journals to tho 12th inst. Tho Agi cultural and Horticultural Society uf Soul Australia contemplate the establishment of nnni cattlo shows and ploti"!..iig matches, mid ti farmers in tho vicinity of Adol.iido n endeavouring to form a scientiflo association f the purposo of ncquiring information ns to ti best modes of farming.-It has been ascertain« that Beddome, tho Commissariat Clerk, who w transported for seven year«, at tho lait Criniin Sittings of the Supreme Court, at Adelaide,' fi robbing tho Military Cheat, forged a set of bil for £325 in August lnst, on tho Lords of h Majesty's Treasury. -Sir. Jansen, a Germi gentleman, had been appointed n Justice of ti l'oaco for tho colony ot South Australia.-TI otlicial notification of a bonus of £4000 to I equally divided between tho two first ir< steamers, of not less than 40-horso power, ni not exceeding two feet draught of water whi loaded, that shall successfully navigate the wate of tho River Murray, from the Goolwa to (i least) tho junction of tho Darling appears i tho Adclnido papers.-Tho Law Society pn posed by tho Judges, and adopted by the Har i South Australia, is reported lo be a failur -The South Australian papers mo crying oi against tho Hon. Sidney HorberlM schemo ft the emigration of distressed needlewomen, i uimjited to that colony. Tue Sydney I lection -We ob .erve by the newspaper* received by the lai overland mall, thai the electors of Sydney ho resolved lo celebrate the return of the Rev, D Lang, as member for Sydney in the Legislativ. Council, by a pub'ic dinne», willoh was to com off on Mooday night. The lnhtbiianis of Sir glotón have presemed Dr. Lang with an addrcf of congratulation on the triumph of publi opinion, and of retributive justice evinced in hi eleoiiun. After* well merited compliment to th eleolors of Sydney, tho Sirglelon people addrea Dr Lang In toe following terms :-" We hav witnessed your gigantic effort« in that oau-. which, above all others, is adap'ed to eleva'o lb siam« of a people, and bless a land-the cause c education; your anxiety lo extend the elec.h franchise, without which we can have no real re presentation ; your persevering endeavours i inlrod ice a superior elaai of immigrants, wh would eonsliiu o a bold and indrpendent yeo manry, " ibeir count y'* pride; and we hav seer, with feelings of regret, your patriot! attempts io introduee tbe oullivatlon of valnab' agricultural andoommercial products frustrated b ofücial chicanery and ministerial malevolence in abor', we are sensible of your powerful effort to obtain the " grcateat amount of publia good t the greatest possible number ;" and we hopi when the opporlunity ehalt again present itsel thai the coniUlucr.oy, of which we foi in an in legra! pat, a« well as the electors of other cour ti«., may reiurn »uch members as will co- operat with you in your zealous and Indefatigable eve: lions lo promote the welfare, and ad« anea th prospeiity of ltd» our native or adopted country.1 The Catholic Association.-Th Catholic Association of Port Phillip held it usual monthly meeting in the school-room al tiched io St. Franois' Church, on Sunday evening ihe light Ileverend Dr. Go*ld. liomin Cntholi Mishap of Melbourne, in the chai'- The chair man addressed the meeting at some Inn lb, re terring panioularly lo ibodiscpprobaliou exprese* by Uiahnp Perry nt ihe laat meeting of Ihe Mel bourne Diocesan 8ociety aud Church of Koglarn Association, of the State contributing mone; toward» ititi support of a «y«tem of religion vvhici in hi« opinion had its foundation in error am contended thai Roman Ca'holics lind aa good right io State support a« any other denommatiot of Chriitians. I he chairman wts followed by t i Very Re»er«nd DJen Coffee, who, alter contra*', ing lha benefit* thal had mulled from monaslii «nd missionary iuautn'ion*,re*peotiv»ly,eonieiide that the former much exceeded die lauer. Hi al«o uttried a »ever* diatribe «gainât the Biabo] of Melbourne, for hi« unerasing hostility to th Roman Catholic Church, and hi« nimming cub ?ervient po'ioy toward« a'l other denominaron« not even excluding Jew«, which be «aid «va1 merely aisumed fur the purpose of ex'endini the influence of bl« own ohurch to ihe injuiy o every other denominador. Ile concluded h; »iierdng that each waa Ilmhop Perry'* pretender regard for a'l irllglou« denominations (the Ca tholie«, of court., excepte.!), that Iib would not hi at all *«lonlr.lied If he heard of hia having lie's out the rigni hand of fellowship to the . lleerde« Pi ophel.' The Royal Bank of Australia. On Thursday, ilia «Hurt of ibis company cann on before tu« Masler 11 Chancery ; Richard«, or the pttnion of James Lalla, ( f Kdinhnr^h. Tb< bank was citabliihed in 1840, under a deed o ' lottlemtn', »od out of 00.000 »liaros 4530 won taken, lu 1840 and two following year) « lis director« marie ealU to the extent of £10 rr ' »ha-«, and borinwe I £.100,000 upon debenture« ' ol vsbich lim Uinen Hank, the Edinburgh uni ¡ Glaigow, and North llrillitl ln»nr«nrc, lint 1 other« claim io be bolder». Io 1Ö47 theio de ' benturts legan to fall duu; and ibu director« 1 bung unable to pay the hame, made a furthei ' cal of£5p«r«h«re and in 18KI a-niher of £'. ' lOi per ibare, »hi,h weie seureely inpomled ti». i In Jnuuaiy IB49, many d'bvutu-e'« and inleres " iou|Oti« thvreon, whiih then luoauin du», »vtre ' d'lhonourcd, and the ouinpuny *"» uimOle ti 3 rett ii» eiipngett»nts ami to ron inu« tia bu»l 1 nest. .In Dumber, ÎBtO. ncibiii. were cctn. 5 ininco'l agalnti ibis pell miiur and other rhare' ' hollier« lor very n-ge «um« in ihe Court oi »{ Session in Scotland, ami on the 20th Decembti ? last ihe petitioner gave rouen lo ihe coin uny o 1 nui h action* fur iiobi*, tinoutilirig lo £107,.'69, I and rtqoiriug the (uiiipniiy, wilhui ten ihiyf, lo i pay, «enure, or rempounil lor »uoh debí», oi i procure) the hi-Uoiii lo be »t»)ed, or the prtilionei > io be indn.heil. 'I ht»e lunns not being ci in . puud with, (in order we* imunl tor the wmdiug i up ol ihe nffsit«, afivr a ilinouuion of ihrte ; huur*, lu vvnlih themtril» ol ihe various parlii« p numinuiiiil wc e tania «ed and I'oi.aidered. Ill« ? Hatior appoinind Mr W, C. Wryuhti', of 8*m f brouka wurt, llaaiiigbsl'.ftieri, «» eifhnel inau l *»tr, and Mr Henry 11«'!»* «s tolieitor to the f oimte, who w11 prurrrd »iib the investigation ol Oi« «Balrr.-Aths, April 27. Cutting Live Timbkr-At the police nfllce, yesierdas, Owen Barnes was fined 40i foi nutting a limb from a live tree on crown landa near the new cemetery, and waa furthc decreed lo oay the sum of 2», being, according to the em i mntion of the apprehending constable, the Value of the limb so cut by bim. Solvent and Insolvent Partners. (t but too often happen« wheo two or more persons are carrying on busines« in partnership together, and when one of the partners becomes in- solvent, that the crediiorabip of the partnership, or firm come before the Comrr.i'siouer of Iiisol .yent Eata'es to provo their cla;ma against the Insolvent. The law In these cases is, that the creditors of the firm shall have recourse to the solvent partoer or partners, when one- or more of the finn is insolvent, and it is only in case of the remaining partners stopping pay-men", or in other words becoming insolvent, that claim* can be proved against the partner first insolvent. 