——— A STRANGE STORY. Wonders, truly, never cease. On Saturday, July 14, a letter was received by Messrs. P. R. Arrow- smith and Co. of this town, from Bradford, York shire, containing a Bank of England note for £500, another for £50, and a bill of exchange for £100. These Mr. Arrowsmith handed over in his regular mode of business to. Mr. William Lomax, his cashier, who took or sent, as he supposed, the whole to the bank of Bolton, and made an entry accordingly in his cash-book. The bank-book was then at the bank, so that no memorandum of the payment was received or expected. After the expiration of about five weeks, upon comparing the bank-book with the cash- book it was found that no entry for these sums was in the bank-book. Inquiry was then made at the bank, but nothing was known of the money, nor was there any entry existing in any book or paper there; and after searching no trace could be found of the missing money. In fact, the parties at the bank denied ever having received the sum, or knowing anything of the transaction. Before the discovery of the loss the bill had become due; but upon inquiry, after the loss was discovered, it was found that it had not been presented for payment. It was, therefore, concluded that as the notes and bill could not be found at the bank, nor any trace or entry connected with them, the probability was that they were lost or stolen, and that the bill had been destroyed to prevent detection. Mr. Lomax had a distinct recollection of having received the notes, &c;, from Mr, Arrowsmith, but from the length of time that had elapsed when the loss was discovered, he could not remember what he had done with them — whether he had taken them to the bank, or sent them by the accustomed messen ger ; nor could the messenger recollect anything about them. As might be expected, this unaccountable loss oc casioned great anxiety to Mr. Lomax; and, in this emergency, he applied to a friend to whom the disco very of Mr. Wood's cash-box was known, to ascer tain the probability of the notes, &c.;, being found by the aid of clairvoyance. The friend replied that he saw no greater difficulty in this case than in Wood's, and recommended him to make the inquiry, which he said he would do, if only for his own satisfaction. On Friday, August 24, Mr. Lomax, accompanied by Mr. F. Jones, of Ashburner- street, Bolton, called on Mr. Haddock for this purpose. The clairvoyante was put into a psychic state, and then into connexion with Mr. Lomax. She directly asked for the "paper," meaning the letter in which the notes and bill were enclosed; but this Mr. Lomax did not happen to have in his possession, and she said she could not tell anything without it. This sitting, therefore was so far useless. The next day Mr. Lomax brought the letter, and Mr. Haddock requested that the contents might not be communicated to him, lest it should be supposed that he had suggested anything to her. After considerable thought the clairvoyante said that there had been three different papers for money in that letter, not Post-office orders, but papers that came out of a place where people kept money in (a bank), and were to be taken to another place of a similar kind ; that these papers came in the letter to another gentleman (Mr. Arrowsmith), who gave them to the one present (Mr. Lomax), who put them in a paper, and put them in a red book that wrapped round (a pocket-book). Mr. Lomax then, to the surprise of Mr. Haddock, pulled from his coat pocket a deep red pocket-book, made just as she had de scribed it, and said that was the book in which he was in the habit of placing similar papers. Mr. Lomax said that the clairvoyante was right; that the letter contained two Bank of England notes and a bill of exchange, but did not say what was the value of the notes. Mr. Haddock then put a £10 Bank of England note into the clairvoyante's hand. She said that two of the papers were like that, but more valuable, and the black and white word at the corner was longer. She further said that these notes, &c.;, were taken to a place where money was kept (a bank) down there (pointing towards Deans gate). Beyond this no further inquiry was made at that sitting. On Monday Mr. Lomax called again. The clair voyante went over the case again, entering more minutely into particulars. She persisted in her for mer statements, that she could see the " marks" of the notes in the red pocket-book, and could see them in the banking-house; that they were in paper, and put along with many more papers in a part of the bank ; that they were taken by a man at the bank, who put them aside without making any entry, or taking any further notice of them. She said that the people at the bank did not mean to do wrong, but that it arose from the want of due attention. Upon its being stated that she might be wrong, and re questing her to look elsewhere, she said that it was no use ; that she could see they were in the bank, and nowhere else ; that she could not say anything else, without saying what was not true; and that if search was made at the bank, there, she said, they would be found. In the evening Mr. Arrowsmith, Mr. Makant, and Mr. Jones came again, and she was put in the psychic state to repeat the particulars in their presence, which she did. Mr. Haddock then said to Mr. Arrowsmith, that that he was tolerably confident that the clairvoy ante was right, and that he should recommend him to go next day to the bank, and insist on a further search, stating that he felt convinced, from enqui ries he had made, that his cashier had brought the money there. Mr. Makant also urged the same course on Mr. Arrowsmith. The following morning (Tuesday, August 28) Mr. Arrowsmith went to the bank, and insisted on further search. He was told that, after such a search as had been made it was useless ; but to sa tisfy him, it should be made again. Mr. Arrow smith left for Manchester, and after his departure a further search was made, and among a lot of pa pers in an inner room at the bank, which were not likely to have been meddled with again probably for years, or which might never have been noticed again, were found the notes and bill wrapped in paper just as the clairvoyante had described them. This is as pat and as strange a story as ever we heard. It is no use to laugh and quote Horace. Like bullets fired at a ghost, the maxim, "Credat Judœus Apella," has no force against such a tale as this. Unless we suppose that the bank-clerk who took the notes remembered to forget them, and that the clairvoyante knew more of the work ings of his mind than she revealed when she de clared that "the people at the bank intended no wrong"— a bare possibility it is true, but not to be assumed without evidence of collusion — what are we to do with these plain undeniable facts? The notes were lost, and nobody knew or remembered anything about them ; the notes were found in a particular place ; and that place the " psychic" lady pointed out. Little do the officials who are acting under these "psychic" orders, suspect what they are about. They are literally cutting their own throats. We do not mean that there is any danger of their being taken to Smithfield, to be burnt for witchcraft— though better men have, upon worse evidence, gone that way. What we mean is, that there will be no earthly use for the police, and especially for the de tectives, when this wonderful invention of apply ing to the clairvoyante shall have got into vogue. We advise the gentlemen who have the manage ment of the ''psychic"ladies, by all means to take out a patent without loss of time. The demand for their services will be enormous, whenever the thing comes to be properly known — for understood, we apprehended, it never will be, unless the British Association for the Advancement of Science should take the matter in hand. Instead of the posse comi talus of ingenious officers, that now is quartered upon the Chief Office of the Metropolitan Police Commissioners, there will be a staff of half-a- dozen or at most, half-a-score clairvoyantes kept there, in a perpetually transcendental condition ; and what ever happens from one end of the kingdom to the other, or on the high seas, and beyond the seas, will be communicated in an instant to Colonel Rowan by these magnetic damsels. 