-£rtie0ta0tical Inmiigeiue. ? PASTORAL O1T THE ARCHBISHOP OF ' CASHEL. ' To the Catholic Clergy and People of the Arch diocese of Cashel and Diocese of Emly. Dearly beloved Brethren— 'I bring you good tidings of great joy that shall be to all people,' (Luke ii. 11,) and that must be an alleviation to your faithful hearts in the midst of your many suiterings. . The Bishops of Ireland having some time ago signified to our illustrious and beloved Pontiff, Pius IX., now happily reigning-, their determination to hold a iNational Council in the form and manner prescribed by the Canons* his Holiness, well know in'- the utility of such assemblies, and animated by a paternal desire to promote the interests of reli gion among the ever Cattfolic and faithful people of Ireland, has graciously vouchsafed to approve of this design, and has appointed the Most Rev. Dr. Ciillen his Apostolic Delegate, with all authority to convene and preside over the National Council. It is fourteen hundred years and upwards since St. ' Patrick, the predecessor of the Primate of Armagh, \- received the Apostolical benediction with authority to, preach the Gospel to the Irish nation from the hands of St. Celestine, the then reigning Pontiff; anrl.nnwtlifi- illustrious Pius IX., sitting in the same chair of Peter that was filled so many centu ries ago by Celestine, and exercising the authority given by Christ to Peter and his successors over the whole Church and every part of it, sends the suc cessor of St. Patrick to us invested with the com mission to uphold the ancient and true faith in 'the Island of Saints' as it was delivered to our forefathers, to avert the dangers which threaten this most precious gift of God, to promote the cause of. sound morality and true piety among all the people, and to establish wholesome and uniform discipline throughout' the provinces and dioceses in the kingdom. ' Th. execution of the high and 'holy trust confided to him, the Primate of Armagh has already made public the Brief of Popo Pius'the Ninth referring to these matters, and by his own letter, dated at Drogheda, the 20th Mayj.has convoked a National Council oji Ireland, which is to meet in Thurles, in St. Patrick's College, on. the 15th of August, the auspicious festival of the Assumption of the Blessed Ali-gin, and to continue its sittings on the clays fol lowing, until, with God's blescing, its labours are brought to. a happy termination. Believing it a solemn duty, as it is our ardent desire, at once to carry out the intentions of our most Holy Father,' and to second the zealous efforts of his Delegate, we as Chief Pastor of these Dioceses hasten to announce this to you, beloved brethren, as great joy, because the revival, after long ages of interruption,, of these assemblies, which reflect so much glory on the Catholic Church, and result in great practical good to religion, must, in the midst of your sufferings, bring consolation to you who prize .your Faith above all; earthly, things ; accord ing to the words of our Lord, 'Seek ye first the kingdom of God and' His ; justice, and all these things. -shaft, be 'added unto you'—- (Matt, vi., 33.) Bi'it'yon know, dear brethren, that this great ? -undertaking, to which Catholic Ireland looks for ward with hopeful interest, cannot prosper without the blessing 'of Almighty- God. Since 'every best gift and every perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of lights,' (James i., 17,) we earnestly exhort you to offer up fervent prayers to the Throne of Mercy,' beseeching our Divine Lord i - guide the counsels, of your assembled. Prelates, and direct them, to a happy issue, fulfilling towards them His own gracious promise, that ' where there ? are two or three gathered together in' his ' name, there' he is ' in the midst of them.' — (Mat. xviii., 20.): ; _ ' ? This is the duty of the Catholic people of Ireland, Is it not in a special manner incumbent on you, ' whose diocese is signally honoured by the favour of the heads of the Church, who have chosen it as the place for holding the National Synod? The best return of gratitude you can make for this favour is to invoke the grace of God upon the deliberations of the Council; and, that your prayers may be worthv of beinar heard, and, may be efficacious in Heaven, seek with Gods assistance to put yourselves in the state of grace by having recourse to the Sacraments of Penance and-the Blessed Eucharist. Invoke the prayers of Saints Albert and Albeus, the patrons of these dioceses — of Saint Patrick, the Apostle of our Island — of the great Apostles Peter and Paul, and especially, and above all, of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Mother of our Lord — that by their intercession God may bless the labours of the Synod, and, through it, confer lasting bles ? sings' on all Ireland. For this end we earnestly wish that the Rosary of the Blessed Virgin be re cited in the bosom of every family, and that their communions from time to time be offered up by the pious for the same end. We also request of you, our Reverend and Venerable Brethren in the Mi nistry, that you otter Tip ror the same purpose me Votive Masses of the Holy Ghost and of the Bles ssd Virgin at your convenience, and as the Rubric may permit ; and we order that on each Sunday ? from- this until the termination of the Synod, and our Blessed Lady's Dayj the Litany of the Blessed Virgin shall be said before every Mass, and that the Collect, ' Deus qui corda fidelium' (Mis. Vol. de Sp. Sancto)be added in each Mass, not only on the aforesaid days, but on every other also, with the intention of praying for the Synod. ' The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with? you all. Amen.' (2 Thessal. iii. 18.) Nf M. SLATTERY, Aucnnisnop-, &c.; Given at Thurles, this 1st day of July, 1850. 