POLICE OFFICE SKETCHES. THE RAGGED SCHOOL.--Two cast-offs of nature, whose joint ages could not have taken the total out of of teens, were mercifully handed from the watch- house to the floor of the court, to answer why and wherefore, they were wandering about the streets at an irregular hour of the morning.-- They answered to the names of Robert Kern and William M'Donnell. Mr. P. C. Timotheus Callaghan, stated the when and the where he found them, namely, in a water-closet in Pitt- street. The children, in their defence of such villainous conduct, stated that their parents were in gaol, and they had not any protectors. Mr. Nichols, as amicus curiæ, and, we might add, amicus benevolentiæ, suggested the propriety of sending the children to the Benevolent Asylum, and from thence having them apprenticed to some school. His Worship, the Mayor, imme- diately adopted the hint, and ordered a letter to be written to Mr. Stack, explanatory of the cir- cumstances. GRAVE-YARD SUBJECT.--A mouldy-headed old gentleman who does the press-work for Alonzo Grocott, Esquire, took it into his head to find a fair Imogine in that particular spot of ground which is set apart for the Lord Bishop of Aus- tralia. Charles Hodgkinson, who like a ghost, watches over the tombs, and prevents little boys from playing at marbles there, and elderly people from being over-exuberant in their fancies, deposed to the alarming fact, that he saw Mr. Walsh in earnest conversation with a female, outside the wall, and when, as he conceived, they had formed a pacific alliance, he saw them deposit themselves behind a tomb- stone, upon which "Resurgam" was written. In virtue of his office, he placed them both in the watch- house. The defence of Walsh was, that he was very much afflicted with dysentery, consequently he went, &c.; Mr. Alonzo Grocott mounted the testimonial box, and gave him so undeniable a character for being on the sick list, sobriety and attention to domestic duties, and honesty, that the Bench immediately discharged him, at the same time, recommending him, by way of warning, not to place himself in so peculiar a position again. THE PARAMOUR.--Ann Fitzgerald, an elderly lady, just emerged from Tarban Creek, pleaded guilty to having had an interview with Mr. Walsh, and was sentenced to seven days impri- sonment. A DOWNY ONE.--Misther Pathrick Downey, by the same token, nabocklish and all, and who was but a few days since brought up before their Worships, to allow a maintenance for his wife, changed his position, and complained of Mr. James Campbell and his worthy spouse, both residents of Redfern, for threatening to kill, slay, destroy, and eat without a grain of salt, him, the said James Downey. The tale, as told by him, amounted to this, namely, that he was coming across the Paddock, opposite to Bob Hancock's spire, in Parramatta-street, on Christ- mas eve, when Mrs. Campbell said, there's that Downey just come out of gaol, and he ought to be there now." Thereupon Mr. C. shouted out "The Campbells are coming," and pitched into him, Downey, most unmercifully, giving him only Scarborough warning, a blow and a word. "Will you swear to all that?" enquired Mr. Campbell. "Iv coorse I will," responded Pat- trick. "That I struck you?" rejoined Mr. Camp- bell. "I'm in fare of my life," replicated Downey. "Very good, or bad, your Worships," said Mr. Campbell, "as the case may be. The fact is, that this person and myself were engaged in building a chapel in Parramatta-street some two or three years ago, and the work he put in was so bad that the clergy called upon me to over- look it; and I was compelled to report against him. Since that time he has had (and, I con- fess very naturally) a spite against me, and never loses an opportunity of designating me a b——y informer, and using other very unjusti- fiable and improper epithets towards me. As re- gards myself, I never hit him or spoke to him, for I conceive that silent contempt is bettor than either words or blows, but I trust that your Worships will get some corroborative testimony to back Mr. Downey's assertion, a man, too, big enough to eat me." Mr. Egan, who was on the Bench, said, that as Downey had sworn he was in bodily fear, there was no alternative left but to bind the defendants over to keep the peace. At the same time, he stated, that parties were too ready to come forward and swear they were in fear; he had known an instance, not long before, where a male had sworn he was in dan- ger of his life from a woman; the thing was ab- surd altogether. Mr. and Mrs. Campbell were therefore bound over to keep the peace, them- selves in £10, and two sureties in £5 each. THE LADS OF THE VILLAGE.--Wm. West, Peter Ellis, Richard Andrew, Thomas Lindsay, Ed- ward Ryan, William Kett, Robert Gribben, Thos. Barton, Wm. Kellick, John Donnell, Denis Corcoran, Henry Beale, Frederick Florey, John M'Carthey, Henry Thompson, and Henry Hil- yard, were charged with having been disorderly on New Year's Night, smashing divers windows, and perforating certain lamps, to the great de- triment of her Majesty's quiet subjects in gene- ral, and every sufferer thereby in particular. The following is a verbatim et literatim copy of the damages as sent in, viz:--"Damages dun to 1st of Jennewerry 50, in frunt winders and lamp off the Neg's Ed, Pit-street. Toe reparin glazin en setterer £1 11s. 6d. -------." Demegez dun bye a riotess mob--Too Breakkidge £3. 0s. 0d. \--------." "No. 37,Park-street--Broke on Mon- day night--To Breaking 12s. 6d.-------." "249 Pitt-street, Broke a wine glass and our heads nearly, as we were sitting enjoying ourselves-- value £3.-------." "I certify my glass was broke, value 16s. A. Lenahan, Pitt- street."-- "Amount of damage done in George-street, £1 12s. 6d., made up thus --John Isaacs 2 panes \--5s.; Abraham Levy, 2s. 6d.; James Chap- man 8s.; Robert Cohen, 5s.; ------- Webster, 5 panes and a lamp 12s. Park-street, Mr. De- ligny, 22 panes, £1.; Mrs. Solomon, 30 panes, £2. Elizabeth-street. Mr. Dabost, 11 panes, 11s.; Dr. Bennett, 30 panes £2. Pitt-street, Mrs. Winstanley, £1 11s. 6d." This was a for- midable amount of charges, a whole catalogue of crime, of which the prisoners furnished the lots, to be knocked down by the magisterial hammer. Mr. G. R. Richols attended on behalf of six of the defendants, Mr. Redman for three, and Mr. Roberts for a like number. The evidence against the defendants was very inconclusive, no one having sworn to see them committing any illegality. Mr. Nichols contended, that the evi- dence produced was quite insufficient to warrant the Bench in committing the defendants. The Act was imperative; parties must either be ap- prehended while in the commission of an ille- gality, or subsequently by warrant obtained upon oath. In the present case, this had not been done, consequently their Worships had no alter- native left them but to dismiss the cases before them. Mr. Redman and Mr. Roberts supported the arguments of Mr. Nichols, and questioned the jurisdiction of the magistrates. Messrs. Fisher and Egan, who were the presiding ma- gistrates, said that the defendants were legally before them, and proceeded to take evidence. That against Hillyard was so weak that he was immediately discharged. Atcheson, alias Bill the Blacksmith, alias Bill the Burster, defended himself, and displayed considerably more brazen impudence than forensic ability. The principal evidence against him was Inspector Pearce, who deposed to having seen him on the morning of the first instant, in Pitt-street, opposite Doctor Aaron's, inciting a mob to break his windows. The following colloquy took place between the Blacksmith and the worthy Inspector:-- Bill--You said you sawd me a doin' off no- thin'; just xplane what that means. Pearco--Why, I saw you standing at the cor- ner of Pitt-street. Bill--Did you see was I a smokin'? Pearce--I didn't notice particular. Bill--Didn't you? You're a nice chap for a pleece-man. Well, what did I do arter I did nothin', according to your account? Pearco--Why, I told you to take the mob away with you. Bill--Where was I when you sawd me? Pesrce--Behind the mob. Bill (triumphantly)--Behind the mob! Be- ind the mob! Now I've got you. If I was be- hind the mob, how could I lead them, spoony? Now then, what did you say to me? Didn't you ask me to do your business, and didn't I tell you, you was paid to take away mobs. Ha— there, don't blush, and stutter, and hem, and haw—you know I did. And why didn't you ap- prehend me there and then at once. Do you know any thing against my character. Pearce--Yes, I do; three years ago you were in company with two runaway prisoners, and guaranteed them to be freemen. Bill--Did I? indeed! Your Honor (and here Bill dropped a tear or two) it's all a plant upon my virtuous character, which every body knows; I'm a highly moral man, and goes to church every Wednesday and Friday, let alone three times of a Sunday, and puts money on the plate. I'm a— The Bench then interrupted Mr. Atchison's eloquence, and sent him to plead his own case before a jury of his countrymen. The remainder of the defendants were bound over to keep the peace, themselves in £40 and two sureties in £20 each. Thompson, who was the ringleader of a mob who burnt some property belonging to the Corporation, on the Race Course, was fined £5, or in default of payment, two months im- prisonment. 