THE EXPERIMENTAL SILK INSTITUTION. To the Editors of the Sydney Stories? Herald. Gentlemen I am now in receipt of a letter from England in answer to communications forwarded hence in May, 1840, covering samples of Australian silk, erected at the Experimental Silk Institution. I sent two small lots samples, the one addressed to one of if not the first manufacturing house in England, and the other to the great broker's house of a Durant and Co -a name well known, I I have little doubt, to every respectable j mercantile firm in Sydney, The letter I have received is written after "come ference" with Messrs Durant. I only hesitate about attaching the name of the other firm because I have not their ex- i pressed permission to do so , but I shall | be happy to show the letter to any party sufficiently interested to require proof of . its authenticity. j I beg to solicit a space in your valuable journal for the insertion of said letter, with a view to place before the public a sketch of what in a few years New South Wales might, under proper management, do in the way of silk growing And also to show what the introduction of a new model that in this instance the correct one has to contend with I am sure every one reading the letter, of which I enclose the copy, must be struck with the business-like mode of convey- J tug Information, and the elaborateness of detail entered into I think we are much indebted to an extensive firm of this description giving us the benefit of their experience upon a matter in which they have no interest. With these few observations I would beg you to publish the letter of which I enclose a copy) in extenso. I I would remark that the imperfections of reeling alluded to, I was perfectly aware of, but in my letter covering the samples I purposely refrained from making any observations, being desirous of obifliiiitig a fair report, without any reference to my own ideas of the matter I may observe that the bulk exhibited this ment du-show of the Australasian Botanic and Horticultural Society was very free from several of the imperfections alluded to in the latter, and particularly those of the "grey," "hairs ness," "double ends," and knots." For all these imperfections in an experimental attempt, rub utipriiiltsed hands, and imperfect machinery, every allowance must, of course, he made, and this is ulm 1 do) in the liner. The talune ed value h either in silk of this state's is very iiiciiiira.iiiii; indi rd, and shows what an extensive ft It is one for the expert of the firm left a sailor present (argument i s) if properly it I'd , all the su jun he leave sir is a list in area! met in cm or If he acquits 1 by practice. And what a vain is now out i lo in for the future, by the »npirt.i'ioii of ceed at fine staple, i in the formation of planes tions of the proper state of my) letter, by which so much can be produced of fine cattle q fruit, and of course proportionably remunerative. In fine, gentleman, in req listing you to publish these I ins, I feel that my anticipations, as originally formed, wine j I first proposed the Kvpiriincntnl Silk > Institution, are Biiiijnliirly o informers , And 1 hulk all well- wishers to the colony must jury me in Inmoniii g the first wantonness which caused the invitation ' heat of the side expurini'iH. I enter arranged to get the ( works seed Untied as soon as may be, who i I trust that' anticipations in the letter in lo H li must bear liUcht'i!, in public ' through the hot latitudes, I may not be confirmed. I am, gentlemen, your obedient Servant JAM IS HBÜZEVILLlí. Parramatta, May 20. To the Superintendant of the Silk Insti- fulton, Eastwood, New South Wales. London, D.'ccinut;r, 13-16. ( We duly received from you the son j simple kinds of your hills, which you sent to us under date May, 1849, for our 'report upon their quality and present mines in this market. We have carefully examined them, and have also conferred with Messrs. Durant, who received from you duplicity samples, and have now to report on their part and our own, that these specimens of silk appear to us highly creditable as the first produce of your experimental institution ; but that never he less, very or at improvement must be made in the reeling and probably also in the sample of the silk, before it will compare favor ably with the better classes of European, or even of Indian silk. The reeling of the milk Letters imperfect, renders it difficult to judge fairly of its staple ; but our impression is, that I his' general character of the staple falls somewhere between that of Bengal and Italian silk perhaps approaching (the white especially) more nearly to that of Digal this lady; and our impression is, that probably both the species of worm and mulberry need to be replaced by those of Italy or France. We must not, however, he understood as making these suggesting with any degree of confidence because we are nvTiira that manifold anc'.Je:i:al circum stances affecting the habits and health of the worm in the experiments! attempt, as well as imperfection, in the returns already alluded to, pity most materially affect iii? character of the silk samples in respect of their stripe. In these present samples the thread lins more of the softness of Commer early, for instance, than the firmness of European silk; to h certain extent this appears to have resulted from no suffer east compacting rolling pressure having been seen on the filaments of the process of reeling; by the cross, as it is called; perhaps it may, in part, nisi have arisen from the quality or insufficient heat of the water in the basins ; or pots safely in port from wind-drying between the basins and the reels ; but probably, we think, this clefieiei.Ci» of firmness or body lies essentially in the croons themselves. The thread is also exceedingly desirous For hairy, as we call it, when numerous small fires are seen sticking out from a J the thread. As this is the prevailing j characteristic of the silks of certain ¡ countries, we presume it must be mainly attributable to the species of the work, or to its food, but even in districts where the silk is usually the most free from this bad quality, it makes its ap j pearance under certain unhealthy conditions of the storm, as was the case in a very marked degree; at the commence- l ment of the present, season in parts of Lombardy. We have not tested the samples for density of the staple, that is for the weight as compared with the hulk of the thread, on which us take the quality of ii ruin ss or body to depend , nor have we tested them for tenacity, that is for strength as compared with < either the bulk or weight of the thread-because such testing with any precision is very troublesome, and any such miel) of examination seems wholly annex ssary, where palpably some great improvement of st pie is necessary. And we would just remark, en passant, that the wh of silk seems in all respects inferior to the better, and more especially so in respect of its great degree of harness." in respect of the feeling of the sam pies, as distinguished from character i staple, it is scarcely necessary to so much. Looked at as the first work i unpractised fingers, it is marvellous passable ; but of course the practice expertness in silk reeling that may b acquired by long practice, with constant endeavour to excel, can no otherwise b obtained, and good silk on a first attempt is an impossibility. We would, however, just observe, that in fact these samples are not very clean, nor very even in size , occasionally the thread i open, that is the filaments are separate and loose, as though the crops had not been taken and sometimes the threat runs double, a very bad fault, very easily avoided altogether; nor is the silk the better from the end having been knotted instead of merely cast on to rest when it has broken, such knot! being in themselves undesirable, miles! very well made, and unless the ends are cut off very elise. But we consider this point I'iroui'iiiis unprincipled, because we apprehend the trial yard or so of th head after a break is necessarily in- sufficiently compacted by the croix and had better be merely cast on the reel and subsequently wasted for a yard or two in the process of winding, than be knotted and saved in this process of reeling. We have obtained one pound of the best mulberry seed for you from the Cevennes; but', you are of course aware that the produce of any mulberry seed is quite understand that cuttings could scarcely be expected to live through such a voyage, however, packed, and that granted plants in pots could alone be depended upon for establishing in Australia the best kinds of mulberry from I. uro die We have also obtained three cm 'tea of yellow " guide" from the Leven lies, which was half requested might be carefully packed in such a manner as might best preserve it, and keep it back during the long voyage through hot latitudes ; it has, however, been sent to us merely in a small tin case punctured with small holes; we therefore suppose air is necessary either to maintain the vitality of the eggs or to permit escape of moisture or alluvium ¡ and fearing to bottle them up, as otherwise we should I have done, we have fixed tins tin box in the centre of a wood care, that the intervening air may prevent sudden increase of temperature, and directed this box to be kept as cool as possible, and carefully out of the sun. We much fear, however, the eggs will all be hatched and the worms perished long before they reach you. P.S In respect of the positive value of the sample in the market at this time, it would not be easy for us to give an opinion nor would such positive value at any particular time be any guide to you, unless compared with other silks at the same time ; e. g. the positive value of Cevennes raw last season was little more than half that value at the present moment. We do not fancy the silk, exactly as per sample, would linda market at all but supposing it to be much better reeled, as of course it would be after a little time, we should, in accordance with our general notion of the intermediate character of its staple, anticipate that it would bring an intermediate price between the Bengal fila- tures and the second class Italian. Taking, for example, the present value of fine Bengal at say 14s (3d, and the second class Italian at say 19s, we might imagine this Australian silk, better erected, to command in the market about 16s or 17s. But what it may be worth by the time it could be produced in quantities, whether 14s or 24s, who could say The case containing the silk worms, eggs Ac. is shipped on board the Katherine Stewart Forbes,' Captain Wright, advertised to sail on the 20th instant. Bill of lading is enclosed. An Ambiucan Description of a Baby -We copy the following from the Knickerbocker. It is a postcript to a letter addressed to the editor by a funny correspondent, who evils himself " Julian" -" And then, my boy) ? But haven't I told you " Why, I've got a boy I a boy ha, ha I shout it out to you-a baby fourteen pounds, and the mother a great deal better than could be expected I And I say, Mr Editor, it's mine- hurrah and hallelujah forever Oh, sir, such legs and such arms, and such a head 1 and oh, heavens ' he has his mother's lips I can kiss them for ever ' And then, sir, look at his feet, his hands, his chin, his eyes, his everything, in fact. Give me joy, sir , no, you needn't either lam full now, I run over, and they say I ran over a number of old women, half killed the mother, pulled the doctor by the nose, and upset a 'apothecary shop in the corner, and then didn't I ring the firebell Didn't I blow the horn and didn't I dance, about, laugh, and cry) altogether 1 The women say they had to tie me up. I didn't believe that, but who's going to shut his mouth when he has a live baby ' You should have heard his lungs at the first mouthful of fieshair-such a dust A little tone to his voice, but not para excess of joy, sir, from too great a sensation The air bill was so sudden, yon know. Think of all this beautiful machinery starting off at once in full motion ! all his thousand outside feelers answering to the touch of the cool air, the flutter and crash at the ear, and that curious contrivance, the eye, looking out won deringly and bewildered upon the great world, so glorious and dazzling to his unworn perceptions , his net-work of nerves, his wheels and pulleys, his air pumps and valves, his engines and reservoirs, and within all that beautiful fountain, with its jets and running streams dashing and coursing through the whole length and breadth, without stint or pause making altogether, sir, exactly fourteen pounds I am this day, sir, multiplied by two I am duplicate, I am number one of an in- definite series, and there's my continua- tion. And you observe it is not a block, nor a blockhead, nor a painting, nor a bush, nor a fragment of anything, how- ever beautiful , but a combination of all the arts and sciences in one, paint- ing, sculpture, music (hear him cry) , mineralogy, chemistry, mechanics (see him kick) , geography, and the use of the globes (see him nurse), and was that he is a perpetual motion-a time pace that will never run down I And who wound it up? But words, sir, are a mouthful and a mockery ' ' SoMNAMiiULisM.-When on a voyage to New York, we had not been four days at sea before an occurrence of a very singular nature broke our quiet. It was a Ghost! One night, when all was still and dark, and the ship rolling at sea before the wind, a man sprung suddenly on deck in his shirt, his hair erect, his eyes starting from their sockets, and loudly vociferating that he had seen a ghost. After his horror had a little subsided, we asked him what he had seen ? he said he saw the figure of a woman dressed in white, with eyes of flaming fire ?. that she came to his hammock and stared him in the face. This we treated as an idle dream, and sent the frantic fellow to his bed. The story became the subject of every one and the succeeding night produced half-a-dozen more terrified men, to corroborate what had happened to the first and all agreed to the same story, that it was a woman, The rumour daily increasing, at length came to the ears of the captain and officers, who were all equally solicitous to discover the true cause of this terrific report. I placed myself night by night beneath the hammocks to watch its appearance, but all in vain ; yet still the appearance was nightly, as usual, and the horrors and fears of the people rather daily increased than diminished. A phantom of this sort' rather amused than perplexed my mind and when I u given over every idea of discovering cause of this strange circumstances the thing began to wear away, 1 surprised one very dark night, as under the boats, with a stately fjKUtei white stalking along the decks ! Tt singularity of the event struck my mind] that this must be the very identical ghost which had of late so' mud, du' turned the ship's company. I (G?' fore instantly dropped down, from a place I was in to the deck, on which it appeared, when it passed immediate], very quickly, turned round, and marched directly forwards. I followed record, through the gallery, and out at the head doors, when the figure instantly disappeared, which very much astonished me. I then leaped upon the forecastle and asked of the people who were walking there if such a figure had pMl(j them? They replied, No! with an emotion and pleasure, as I had the ridiculed all their reports on this street However, this night's scene between B and the ghost was the theme of the entire) day. Nothing particular transpired |¡|| twelve o'clock, when, as the people true pricking at the tub for their beef was discovered that Jack Sutton v missing. The ship's company was directly mustered, and Jack was no where to be found. I then inquired of Lu messmates the character of the man and, after a number of interrogatories', one of them said, that Jack Sutton' used to tell them a number of comical jokes about his walking in his sleep. Now the mystery was unravelled and this terrific ghost, which had a much alarmed all the sailors, now proved to be the unfortunate poor Jack Sutton, who had walked overboard in his dream. The first fellow who spread this report, and who showed such signs of horror, was found, on inquiry, to be a most flagitious villain, who had mar. dered a woman, who he believed always haunted him and the appearance of this sleepwalker confirmed in his mind the ghost of the murdered fair one; for, in such cases, conscience is a busy monitor and ever active to its own pain and disturbance. Dr. Bean's Anatomy 1 Sleep. New and Tearful Mode of En cuTION. It appears from the journal of an European traveller, that a new ml fearful mode of execution has recently been adopted by the great Mogul, The instrument and process are thus described. A box, each side of which is fifteen feet square, is constructed of timber about eighteen inches thick, dote called together and braced with con rods The outside of the bottom of the bar is covered with a plate of beaten iron, out a inch in thickness, The interior n filled with perfect cubes of granite, weighing in the n aggregate several thousand tons A machine is erected after the manner 1 ordinary pile-driver, but of course as an enormous scale, and of tremendous strength. The mass is raised by a pot erful machinery, cast in Birmingham for the express purpose, though it is too presumed that the Machinist by huge elie work was furnished had no idea of the horrible purposes for which it nana tended. The human victim is placed up in a block of granite, of a correspond- Mr; surface buried in the earth immediately beneath the enormous man, in covered with a plate of iron. At a signal given by the vicramndack, the exec 1 tioner touches a spring, the miss fire, and the victim, crushed at once, in suddenly annihilated, and spread out like a sheet of pasteboard The huge weight being again raised, the fluttered boiling withdrawn, and dried in the sun, is comple sly peep into', it I hung over the walls of a pas de hull him,', there to tea as a warning to tie my hands. A lovely young lady called in a physician to " do something for a roll of blood to the head " " have been doctoring myself," said the languid has one, with a smile, to the bluff though kind Mu, while feeling her pulse " Ah, how ?" " Why, I have taken Morrison's pills, Hell's balsam of liquorice and Powell's cough elector). I have used Henry's calcined magnesia Fawcett's anodyne pills, and, aud " Madam," interrupted the astonished doctor said then do your complaint M good 1" " No I Then what shall I take ?" pettishly inquired the price! "Take " exclaimed the doctor, eyeing her from head to foot, " take I" echoed he, after a moment's reflection, " take why take off your says A sailor being summoned to give a testimony before a Court, «asqueilioned by the judge as to his religious creed "Are you an Episcopalian ?" "JJ Sir," "A Catholic?" "No, Sir "A Methodist?" " Noir.' 'is are you then ?" "I am captain of HM foretop, Sir." Nil, Alta UV u Vuiiusiiiueven mm (harmless ncqitiHl) «<<Vtíí. 1,12 skin, ¿oven',....toi «'»WA Svihiov, Vim Duerdin's Uu 1, will ArT whether, New Ailuul.thoMaiirl*j Cure of (.01x1 Both England. lately boJuaii 1, the UiittulSUiteHolAmer^ quarter tiiiumateoii the Wass June, 30. September, in East IT is." high time ON reta..ilHUiU»Jjy invites noticeni»ritini,',«nil i'-W-tof£i State to shoemaker theeumiitquirur sky assumed .ulMinUliiir <«1¡'^^,A quarter, will only be ohiti,«"!.«« six" of their cotiimonoiiii» TERMS OF SUllSCOTTlOX. i .IhoSuhscnptlotipiieoortho Aug bJJ j copy A deduction rates VATC no more upon all pay mediUm s''?"" s Mkuiousnk i-1'rh.UMl and unless a «Akuus» OAK OoJllnwtr«VlgMj»w, | WILTON and J AMI Srs WATT JOHN". "" for riotous. 