Original Correspondence. To the Editor of THE BATHURST FREE PRESS. Sir,—For a few weeks I have been waiting for the continuation of the "Reminiscences of a Traveller," not only on account of their generally intelligent and interesting character, but also on account of a kind of promise, as one might take it, that the subject of conscience as consisting of "educational prejudice" should meet with further illustration. It seems, however, that the author of the "Remin- iscences" considers he has done sufficient in this respect, for the present at least, by entering the lists, and waiting, as on a former occasion, for some one to "break a lance" with him; the "daring idea" which he has made his unique and half mad "doctor" give expression to, constituting the chal- lenge. The readers of the Free Press, I am sure, have reason to be thankful to the intelligent con- tributor of the "Reminiscences" as well as for some other productions which so frequently grace your "Poet's Corner;" and I trust it will not be taken as a mark of ingratitude on my own part, that one at least can be found in the district, if not to deny his affirmative respecting mind as applied to dogs, yet, to take some notice of the erroneous sentiment as I conceive it to be, that "educational prejudice is conscience;" and I should think further, that he will not be surprised much, because one of the prerequisites he wishes to be understood, previous to the "adventure'', which is to serve at once for both argument and illustration, being laid before us is, that "the philosophy of your Nineteen hun- dred and fiifty is to be anticipated," and therefore, on the "Traveller's" own principles, I can only be of the mass who are a century behind himself. The Bathurst literati ought certainly, on tho one hand to congratulate themselves that amongst their numbers there can now be found a genius one cen- tury in advance of the philosophy of the age; and they have cause, on the other hand, to "hide their diminished heads,'' for that they are so stupid and dull, as not to see with half an eye, that because dogs will follow their masters, and dive at their bidding, &c.;, dogs have mind; and as there can be no mind without conscience,—dogs ergo, have conscience. To assert that there is no "educational prejudice" would be as "daring" as the "idea" itself, which the ''Traveller" says he could not refute. "Edu- cational prejudice" abounds in commerce, in poli- tics, and in religious opinions. So much indeed, does it prevail, that more or less it taints the habits and character of every man; and every man, in- stead of regarding it as his fault or his failing, or both, considers it rather as his glory. But because we have a nature capable of being surveyed by circumstances, and not iron-bound by an absolute fatuity, are we therefore to conclude that conscience is of mere man-manufacture? Because we have national prejudices, is it to be inferred that we have no national excellencies, or that there can be no national rights; or are they only rights or excel- lencies as the case may be, because we have been taught to call them so? As well might we con- clude that because the clown thinks differently, as to the distance of the moon, for instance, from the geometrician capable of taking his angles, apply- ing his logarithms, and bringing out a result that there is no moon at all; and that it is but a boorish prejudice in the one, and a philosophical prejudice in the other: in short, an educational prejudice in both. This kind, Mr. Editor, you will perceive saps the foundation of all truth, as well in phi- losophy as in morals. I suppose that because all men don't think alike, nobody can think right; in short, that there is no such thing as right really, but that the distinctions of right and wrong have just been created for a purpose, and are perpetuated on account of mere expediency—that right and wrong are only "educational prejudices." Though this "daring idea" first burst with such brilliancy on our "Traveller," whilst listening to a lecture on ghosts, yet its principle is by no means new or strange, though dogs are so much wiser now, than they were formerly; for Gibbon on the "Systems of Religion of the Ancients," combined with George Cobmbe's book on the "Constitution of Man," will much more fully and much more respectably open this moral question before us. The savage ghost story related for the purpose of introducing this daring idea to our notice is so badly manufactured —and the dog "adventure" about the "tit bit" he had lost, embracing a contribution from the "Aus- tralian vernacular," with the addenda, ''and chance it," are so much beneath the general char- acter of the "Reminiscenses," and so exceedingly coarse, that I regret, for the author's own sake, and for the credit of his otherwise respectable pro- duction, that either the "idea" or the "adventure" were thought worthy of his pen. W. J. J. O'Connell Plains, Aug. 1, 1850. 