THE "NEPTUNE." Under the above title, a full-sized double-demy sheet newspaper ap peared yesterday, the joint produc tion of the passengers by the Gipsy Queen from London to Port Ade laide, and being, in fact, a re-pro duction of eleven successive num bers of a journal, under the above designation, which was issued in manuscript on their way out. It is altogether a creditable af fair, and speaks highly for all par ties engaged in getting it up. By some mistake, only six hundred, | in place of a thous and copies, have been printed, and it is not likely, therefore, to have any very exten sive circulation in Adelaide. j As a means, however, of giving' greater publicity to so praisewor thy and meritorious an undertak ing, we subjoin a few specimens of the way in which the tedium of a long but pleasant voyage was beguiled. And we begin with one of the Neptune's leading articles— Neptune Office, Saturday Noon. Temperance has claims upon our pen. We have hitherto neglected this important subject, but having, this week, been favoured by one of the friends of the cause, with some important statistics rela tive to the consumption of fermented liquors on board the Gipsy Queen, we hasten to give them that publicity which they so fully deserve. When in England, our attention was called to the Freehold Land Society of Birmingham, headed by a Mr Taylor; the principle of those Socie ties was the associating the savings of a! body of Working men to enable them to 1 purchase land, and divide it among them selves, at cost price, saving the profit of the middle man. The payment of each member was 18d per week ; hut how to save this 18d was the question? "Take it from your drinking money," was Tay lor's reply. They did so, and the result is the creating 500 Forty- shilling Free holders for one county alone, in two years. We well remember, on one occasion, hear ing Mr Taylor say, " I used to go to a public house, and bawl about the five points of the charter : at the same time I was wasting my money, drinking six quarts of the beer. Since I joined the Temperance Society, I never see a friend take a glass of grog, but I say, mentally, Ah ! there goes half a yard of land for ever !" Now, readers of the Neptune! now does this apply to you i In this manner. From the information that has been kindly sent to our editorial office, the money spent on fermented liquors, on board the Gipsy Qneen, would have purchased in the neighbourhood of Adelaide, either 136 acres of land, 604 sheep, 9362 quartern loaves of bread weighing 41bs each, 5440 legs of mutton, or 124,000 bricks, the last of which would have built a respectable row of cottages. Divided amongst the adults on board, it would have given you the choice of either 62 loaves of bread, 361 legs of mutton, 4 sheep, or an acre of land, each. "And what would have been the loss ?" I fancy I hear the advocates of drinking say, to which we reply, in full confidence of the strength of our cause, the loss would have been, that the de visers of rows and disturbances would have none to admire—the time is too re cent, for it to be necessary to call your attention to the fact, that Tuesdays and Fridays were regularly set apart for three purposesfirst, to buy liquors; second, to drink them ; and third, to quarrel after wards. Now let me call your attention to the contrast. For the last fortnight no wine or spirits have been sold; peace Teigns around us, we all sleep in quiet ness, knowing that we shall not be frightened out of our beds by unearthly noises, or to separate fighting parties. Let us, then, take example by the past, and join the ranks of those who, at the same time that they save the pocket of their dis ciples, improve their health and morals, and make them useful and respectable members of society. In Melbourne, so great has been the number of mad people, oaused by excessive drinking, that it is considered necessary to erect a hospital for them. Reader, reflect on this ! Our other extracts from the Neptune are taken at random, and are as follows:— SHOCKING DISCOVERY. On Friday, the 12th instant, a most shocking discovery was made on board the Gipsy Queen. It being the day for serving out the wines, &c.;, to those who were tvilling and able to pay for them, the third mate, about two o'clock, proceeded to take off the hatch. He dived into the hold : around, purse in hand, stood the consumers, anxiously awaiting the appearanoe of the article ; when, lo ! up comes that officer, pale as if he had seen another Guy Fawkes, torch in hand, before a barrel of gun powder—bolted forward to his store, and began poring over his books as studiously as if he were solving a problem from Euclid. When he had compared debtor and creditor, the result was an nounced,—there was no more wine. The con sumers, who imagined he had seen the ghost of an old horse arise from one of the casks, misnamed beef casks, were very mnch disappointed, when they discovered there was no spirit to be seen, and wished that, like Oweu Glendower, they could call spirits from the vasty deep. On the other hand, there were, not wanting those, who affirmed that now the spirit was laid, they would, to use the language of our drummer, have no more peace and quietness. The disappointed parties were so dull, so spiritless, so .wo-begone, that it is feared, unless sentries are plaeed round the ship, 6ome of the wet souls will jo visit their brethren of the deep—the flat fish. A. B. 