P. DUGGAN OF THE Australian Inn, IN returning thanks for the numerous favors received from his friends and the public during his occupation of his present premises, begs to state that it shall be his entire study to merit a con tinuance of them, and that in addition b S-iarx-, -na or e-l.Rf-sfimirers. They spread the moral infection wider than other men, because those brought within their influence are singularly susceptible of contamination. The feelinge, the passions, the imagination, which are busy with the compositions of the poet, are quickly interested in the fishion of his life. Fromn "I would fain write so" to " I would fain live so" there is but a little step. Under this first head the English nation owes a deep debt of gratitude to Wm. Wordsworth. Neither by the influence of his song, nor by the example of his life, has he corruptel or enervatal our youth; by one, as by the other, ie has purified and ele vated, not soiled and abased, hbnuanitv. If we may pass from the more general and important consideration to a more limited sphere of action, we would point out the example of the venerable old man, who now lies sleeping by the side of the Westmoreland lake, to the attention of all who aim at high literary distinction. To William' Wordsworth his art was his all, and sufficed to hiam as its own rich reward. We do not find him trucking the inspirations of his I genius for mere sums of money, nor aiming at political and social distinctions by prosti tuting the divine gift that was in him. He ap pears to have felt that in the successful cultiva tion ofhis art he was engaged in a laborious, if in a delihtful occupation. Could ihe succeed, he was on tle level of the greatest men of his age, although he might not have a single star or riband to hlng up against the wall of his rustic cottage, nor a heavy balance at his banker's as evidence of his success. These things are but the evidence of one species of triumphi-the poet, the dramatist, the historian, should aim at distinctions of another kindl. Before concluding we would advert to a point perhaps more in keeping with the usual subjects ot our columns than the humble tribute of admiration we have endeavored to offer to the illustrious man who has just been called away. Let us hope that the oflice of Poet Laureate, which was dignified by its two last possessors, may never be conferred upon a person unworthy to succeed them. The title is no lonuer an honor, but a mere badge of ridicnle, which ean bring no cralit to its wearer. It required the reputation of a Southevor a Wordsworth to canrr thesm through an office so entirely removed front the ideas und habitsof our time without injury to their ftime. Let whatever emoluments go with the name he commuted into a pension, and let the pension be bestowed upon a deserving literary man without the ridiculous nccompaniment of the bays. We knowwell enough that birth-day odes have long since been esplodsil; but why retain a nick nane, not a title, which must be felt as a de "?ralation rather than an honor hby its wearer? whivin, said this much, we will leave the subject to the'letter jud'ment of those whose lecision is operative in such matters. Assurelly, William Wordsworth needled tio such Court distinctions or decorations. Ils name will live in English literature, and his funeral song -ke uttered, amidst the spots whieh lie has so often clebrated and by the rivers and bils .which inspired his verse.-Times, BEAUTY OF THE MARRIED MAN.-I confess, then, that I never find, and never have found, a man more lovable, more captivating, than when he is a married man; that is to say a good married man. A man is never so handsome, never so perfect in my eyes, as when he is mar ried, as when he is a husband, and the father of a family, supporting in his manly arms wife and children, and the whole domestic circle which, in his entrance into the married state, closes around him and constitutes a part of his home and his world. He is not merely ennobled by this po sition, but he is actually beautified by it. Then he appears to me as the crown of creation ; and it is only such a man as this who is dangerous to me, and with whom I am inclined to fall in love. But then propriety forbids it.-Easter Offering, by Miss Bremner. A NEW DODGE.-A Highlandman has been apprehended in town, where, for a brief period, he has been imposing upon his brother Celts in a rather shrewd and successful manner, Now Grant, the next moment M'Pherson, again Mac kay, or Macdonald, just as the name of his host for the time chanced to be, he told a well-con trived and plaintive tale, which failed not to rouse the national pride anil patriotism of his country men, and seldom did he leave the door of a generous "name-sake" without a pecuniary gift. In an evil hour he ventured to the police-office : the worthy captain, however, was not to be gulled by this spurious "Macdonald," and ac cordingly the operations of 'John Highland man" have been closed in the meantime by his summary incarceration in limbo, - "Ayr Ad." SALE OF SIR WILLIAM ALLAN'S PICTURES.- The sale of paintings, drawings, dresses, armour, &c.;, belonging to the late Sir W. Allan, com menced at Messrs Tait and Nisbet's Rooms, Hanover-street, Edinburgh, en Thursday, and concluded on Saturday. The sale excited much interest, and was throughout attended by a numerous assemblage of purchasers and specta tors. The prices brought by the various articles were upon the whole good, and, we believe, were considered highly satisfactory by the trustees. The following is an enumeration of the prices at which some of the principals pictures and other articles were sold --The Battle of St. Vincent brought .£89 5s Life Ofc£47 t in the Life of No poleon £47 5s; an Incident in the Life of Wel lington £39 18s: Rlodlr and Jenny--the scene from lamsly's Pastonil £26 5s ; Portrait of Sir Walter Scott £22 Is; a Circassian Chief and hlis horse £21; the Mill of Keir, near Dmlblane £22 Is; the sketch of Sir Willian's picture of the nmnlee of llizziorealisaltwenty guineas ; the Duke of Wellington en route to Quatre Bras £21. The collection also included two sketches of aca demny fi6n-s, by Etty, which brought £36 15 ; and a flemish Interior, with Figures, by Sin Steen, which sold for £57 5s. The armour sold for high prices. A suite of flated armour of the time of Henry VIL brought twenty-six guineas ; another suit of a laterperiod £17 Gs Gd; an antique pistol, with a wheel lock £5 5s; pair of Highland pistols, made by John Canmpbell, of Donne, £4 12" Gd; an oIld Ilighluad target £5 15s Gd; an antique two-handled swaord £5 15s Gd ; a Circassian suit'of chain mail £7 17i 6dl; a long Albuaian gun, the stock of which was curiously snounted with bosses, raised £6 15 ; while the rest of the curious items of warlike weapois and detached pieces of armour sold for iimlar prices.--Edinburgh paper. IMPORTANT DISCOVERY.-An important disco very is said to have been made in Oregon, which, in consequence of the great increase of commerce between that place and San Francisco will have a material influence on trade. A new and fine en trance to the mouth of the Columbia River had been discovered by accident. The Southern Pass as it is called, has hitherto been deemed imprac ticable, but two vessels, it seems, had passed through it into the open sea, and the least wa ter found was about six fathoms. It was intend ed to be immediately surveyed. "DOES THE CHEMISTRY HERSELF"-Sir Hen ry Bulwer is very popular at Washington; and, moreover, Lady Bulwer, the first lady that has been here with our embassy for years, has won all hearts. She is a pleasant, agreeable, hand some woman, and of the most captivating man ners. She has established the good old English style of dinner and tea. At the latter meal she presides at her table, and does the chemistry herself; and hands over to the guests. Her dinner parties are more pleasant and easy than anything we have seen for twenty years.-( Wash ington Correspondent of the Montreal Pilot.) CREDITORS BEWARE.-An Irishman, who signs himself Patrick Shannon, and dates from Hack stown, county Wicklow, is in the habit of send ing us orders for single copies of our paper, sta ping that he encloses 6d to pay for the same; now, as his letters are always minus the coin mentioned, and are not prepaid, we regard the said Mr Shannon as one who wishes us to supply him with news 'free of cost,' and not only that, but to pay a postage- tax for his orders. Should any of our contemporaries meet with his 'polite favours" they will know how to deal with him after this warning.-(Liverpool Chronicle.) A DISTRESSED AGRICULTURALIST.-The Western Times tells a story of a 'distressed agriculturist' : -"A farmer dropped in here on Wednesday last to pay his rent, putting on a long face to corres pond with the times. On entering the house he told his landlord that times being so bad he could'nt raise the money at all, and dashing a bundle of banknotes on the table, 'There,' said he that's all I can pay.' The money was taken up and counted by Mr-, the landlord, who said, 'Why, this is twice as much as you owe.' 'Dan 'ee, give it to me ag'n; said the farmer, "I'm dashed if I ain't took it out of the wrong pocket.' THE ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH IN AUSTRIA.- Viena papers state that the extent of the tele graphic lines now employed in the Austrian monarchy is two hundred German, or eight hun dred English miles, and two hundred more Ger man miles of ne telegaph lines are being laid down, and will bex completed by the end of June. The number of fruit trees, especially nmulliery, which are to be planted along the line in Stras, is forty thousand. The cost is esti mated, at the lowest, at twenty thousand florins. AN AMERICAN NOTION OF GHOSTS.-"I wish I was a ghost, blamed if I don't," said one of the b'hoys the other night, as he sat soliloquising in the cold. "They goes wherever they pleases, toll free ! They don't owe nobody nothing, and that's a comfort. Who ever heard tell of a man what had a bill again a ghost?-nobody. They never has to buy hats, and victuals, and liquor; nor has to saw wood and run arrants, as I do. Their shirts never gets dirty, nor their trousers out at their knees, as I ever heard tell on. Ghosts is the only independent people I knows on, I really wish I was one, blame me if I don't.' THE SEA SERPENT.-It was lately reported that the great sea serpent had been " spoken" in its native American waters, and as it was subse quently reported that the monster had at lengtlh got ashore, there was an expectation that the Mail would have given an account of the capture. But the New York Journal mentions that after a hot pursuit up the Broad River by Captain Barn well, the serpent resolved itself into three whales swimming in close proximity to each other, their movements one behind the other, having all the appearance of those of a single animal. He was described as being front 120 to 150 feet in length, any of proportionate bulk, with the head of serpent, Which he carries when in motion five or six feet out of the water. About nineteen feet from his head is a hump, resembling a large hogshead; and as he could be seen out of the water a succession of humps was observed, RAISING THE JUDGES SALARIES.-The mea sure for increasing the salaries of the Judges in 1759-60 was keenly contested in the House of Commons. When the vote was taken, however, it appeared that 169 were in favour, of the grant and only 36 opposed to it. This occasioned Charles Townshend to say that "the Book of Judges had been saved by the Book of Numbers." NEW INVENTION.-Mr Penney of this city has invented and patented a machine for tanning leather, which bids fair to supersede the present tedious process of manufacture. The conversion of hides into leather will, with the use of this machine, occupy but one third of the time hi therto necessary for that purpose. The machine itself is of very simple construction.-Canada paper, Kingston. AN AMERICAN BLUEBEARD.-In the town of West Bradford, Pennsylvania, there is an old churchyard, in which stand seven tonmbstones, side by side, covering the remains of the Hon. Nathaniel Thurston and six wives. They stand in order as follows : Mrs Betsy Thurston, died November 25, 1790, aged 34. Mrs Martha Thurston, died May 12, 1799, Mrs Huldah Thurston, died September 8, 1801, aged 24. Mrs Clarissa Thurston, died November 14, 1803, aged 36. Mrs Martha Thurston, died July 30, 1804, aged 25. Mrs Mary Thurston, died March 3, 1808, aged 27. Hon, Nathaniel Thurston, died in Lansinburgh, N.Y., Oct. 21, 1811, aged 56. Martha the second, it will be observed, was married and buried within nine months of the death of her predecessor, Clarissa ? NEWSPAPER STAMPS-An estimate of the annual expense of collectiing the stamp duty on newspapers has just been returned to an order of the House of Commons. From this it appears that 58 persons are employed in this duty, receiv ing wages to the amount of £501o, which, with attendant expenses, makes the total annual cost £6169 2s. 3d. The number of persons employ ed on this duty in Edinbmrgh and in Manchester is in each case six: and the total annual cost for the former is £431 15s., and for the latter £1257 7s. 8d. THE TENTH OF APRIL.-A. section of the "physical force Chartists" commemorated the 10th of April, by a meeting at the National Hall, Holborn. 31r G. . W . Reynolds seems to have beenl the orator of the occasion. An allusion in his speech to "the great and glorious principles of Socialism' was met witlh rapturous applause. The other speakers were Mr RulstH Ridles, a lady orator (Sirs Matthews), MJr .. Iernon, and the ]lev. Mr Worroll, of a chapel in lethliial-green. One of the speakers designated the President of the French Republic as "a despicable monkey." IPREC.AIIOw ACAxSST FIrE AT WrIDSOR CASTLE.--An engine of 70 horse power is now eine erected on tho Irlver Thames, near Eton College, from which east iron pipes, communi eating to a reservoir at Bnrubourne, in the Great Park, a distance of three miles, anr being laid down. The work will be completed bIy .TJy ntext. The i'eervoir, which will contain 10,000,000 gallons of water, is connected with pipes leading to all parts of the Castle. The cost of this un dcrtaking, which is undlr the direction of 3Jr imnpson, of London, will amount to £10,000. Morniing Herald. 