THE GOVERNMENT PENSION SCHEME., WE are extremely gratified to observe that some better provision is to be made for the widows and children of those who may die in the civil service of the Crown. They are generally persons who get an appointment because they possess nothing beside and though greatly distinguished by their rank, they form a section in colonial society of very slight monetary consequence. What they obtain they spend, and more. No one can have lived long in the colonies without knowing examples of sad transition from comfort and abundance to difficulties and even destitution. Men whose salaries give them all the elegancies of life have left behind nothing for their families save the sweepings of former plenty. They thoughtlessly expended their income, forgetful of the uncertainty of its continuance, and that he who holds his office for life, yet may soon leave it vacant. The widows and children of such when the common condolence is over soon pass out of sight, and out of mind. This, indeed, is the history of many of all classes called genteel and the neglect of a provision might be excusable if the world was no wiser than of yore. It was once usual for society to provide, though in a scanty and humiliating form, for the destitute survivors of citizens ; but, among other benefits of the present high state of national civilisation and security, is the construction and working out of plans to insure against casualties to which all are constantly liable, and which any way for an estimated period escape. We do not pretend to know whether the condition of the living troubles the dead, whether it is true that spirits hover about old scenes, and follow the steps of those who have been dear in life ; - but suppose it is so, then about Hobart Town there is a considerable body of spirits whose recollections and observations cannot be wholly agreeable. It cannot be very pleasant to watch the downward progress of a mother and her children, once beloved, but sadly neglected, to see " little bills" come dropping in for little things which might have been spared, and " cards of inquiry" very rapidly diminishing, to see poverty work its will; the jewel box emptied first-love tokens, birth-day presents, pretty money, and things which have a legend of affection or sorrow attached to them then to see the household goods successively driven off by hard and ever pressing necessity, which finally expels the widow and her children. Having seen thus much of home service's a tender-hearted ghost would perhaps wish to get into a foreign regiment : but, if still at its post, he will see the widow, in some cottage at the out- skirt;, trimming the night-lamp, her eyes dim with working and weeping; or, if he continues his watch till morning, he may observe a troop of little ones in faded mourning, with sharpened features and hungry looks otherwise bearing a strong resemblance to the " mortal coil he shuffled off." Our reader does not believe in ghosts, Shakspeare notwithstanding and perhaps he is right : but, the ghost excepted, the picture we have delineated is true. And what man can quietly sit down and watch the joyous gambols of his children, and experience the order and quiet of a happy home, and forget that all its resources depend on a single life, and that that life is uncertain ? If he could do nothing, he would wisely merge all thoughts of this kind in the general goodness of Providence ; but it is now in his power, by a little daily self-denial, to ward off many calamities which his death must otherwise entail on all about him. We believe there is an odd notion among some people that a man who insures his life " flies in the face of Providence." We are certainly unable to reason down an objection the grounds of which we do not precisely understand. A man who considers himself released from the ordinary precautions and self- sacrifices of life, because he trusts in God, must have a weak heads kind of " religious pig," who looks up to Providence as a spout to fill his trough. We are subject to a government in which forethought, industry, and care are the duties of all men. But we presume a much stronger objection is in the outlay. Many with fixed incomes a hundred times greater than a widow could earn by toil tell us that they cannot spare some 10 per cent. of their incomes to co-operate in a great scheme to reduce bereavements as near as possible to the limits of a natural grief. They may ascribe this inability to any and every cause but the right one. If a widow and her children are left destitute, they must solve harder problems than how to save a dozen of wine, the expense of a party, and the innumerable trifles which waste away money without much increasing substantial enjoyment. The provision which insurance enables a man to make is contingent on his death. He displays a sublime oblivion of self if this provision costs him a personal sacrifice. Many leave their property to their families, not because they are specially concerned about them, but that when a man is dying he is generally disposed to be just ; but this constant laying aside a part of that means, notwithstanding the impunity of pleasure and fashion, to minister to the comfort of the providence he cannot share, is the noblest possible aspect of severe benevolence. No institutions have been more successful than Insurance Companies. The tables of mortality have proved lower than the factor rather, perhaps, the people who insure their lives are persons influenced by the moral sentiments, which not only dispose to care for others, but induce a more careful attention to the physical laws. Men who insure their lives live longer in general than their neighbours. We have no doubt many of our readers are aware of all this, and are only waiting till they can spare the means-a perilous postponement Jam le premier mix. fubulaeque makes, It domus exists Plutuuia. REFORM IN THE COLONIES. The following trite remarks have been made by Mr. Roebuck in the House of Commons, when demonstrating the necessity of reform in the administration of the colonies. " The district idea of a colonist, in the mind of a colonial official, is of a mine ever on the verge of rebellion, and always manifesting his disloyalty by complaining of official expenditure. And colonies, by the same worthy class, are looked upon at patronage ground. They are not established for any of the strange ends which I have supposed. The notion of extending the blessings of civilisation to lands now waste-of increasing the numbers of a happy and intelligent people-of tendering our distant and now useless territories means of adding to our power, and securing the well being of our industrious population, all these, and similar ideas, he treats as mere idle pretences, unmeaning words, and nothing more. But colonies are good things, because they are supposed to need governors with large salaries, and secretaries, and judges, and commissioners-all admirable means for pro. siding for young gentlemen who have nothing in England except many wants-who want to live without much trouble who want to marry who want to give parties, and keep houses, and to maintain pretty establishments. A colony is a place which is destined to supply this class of wants for a certain class of people. Therefore, there is a Colonial office, and a Secretary of State for the Colonies, and two Under-Secretary 10s and himself and A and li, and C, as clerks, and the porters and the messengers, and green boxes, and the house in Downing street, and debates in parliament, and committees, and despatches, fits. &c.; Patronage and the colonies are indissolubly united in his mind, and his whole conduct is governed by the one great guiding principle, viz. extend and retain patronage. Unfortunately, while patronage flourishes the colonies are turned." TUG Court of Quarter Sessions for the district of Hobart Town opened on Monday morning. The whole of the prisoners for trial (about nine were duly arraigned and respectively pleaded, and a jury was impanelled of which jury Mr. John Morgan was a member. Upon being called up to be and before being sworn, the following letter was handed to the chairman, protesting against the present system of conducting trials by jury : To the Worshipful Chairman, and Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled. GENTLEMEN-In desire respectfully, through your Chairman, to bring under the notice of the Executive the great loss and inconvenience Jurymen sustain by being compelled under the present Jury-law to give when summoned, their time and attention to the trials of criminals under Home and other (than this Colonial sentences. As a Juryman I respectfully protest against it as unjust and unreasonable and particularly as nothing is publicly known in this colony as to the probable end of the present system of transportation, which subjects myself and others summoned as Jurymen to be made mere instruments of prison discipline. I beg also to observe, that, previous to calling on civilians to sit as jurymen, the military officers who performed that duty were liberally paid and I cannot see any cause why the same amount per day should not be allowed by the Home Government to those who now attend as jury- men the trials of its prisoners. At present I do not think it necessary to say more on the subject than to respectfully request that this representation may be forwarded by you in the usual manner to His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, JOHN MORGAN. 55, Davey-street, Hobart Town, January 7, 1856. 