GREEK MARRIAGE IN MAN- CHESTER. On Thursday morning last a marriage, according lo the rites of Ihe Greek church, look place at The Greek church, Lloyd-street. Great Duke-street. As this is the fi st marriage according to these riles which lias taken place in Manchester, it may not perhaps be uninteresting lo give a brief account of the ceremonial. The bridegroom was Mr. S. N. F'angopolo, ol Baskside, Higher Brougtiton, and the hride was Miss Agelusio, of Marseilles. It is usual among ihe Greeks, as with us, for the wedding parly lo proceed to church from the house of the bride; but io this instance the party went from the house of the bridegroom, with whose family tue bride had been staying. The ceremony takes place about mid-day ; in this case it was at eleven o'clock. The bride and bridegroom are accompanied to church by the groomsman and a bridesmaid; and also by a person called a Combaro, who fills, es we shall see, a very important place in the prociedin*. There may iodeed be more Ihan one Com baro ; but ihis ia nol usual. Then, of course, besides these, there are the friends of both parties, who, though present et the service, are merely by-tenders, and lake ao part in it. On (the party reaching (be church the principal priest advances towards them, and. taking them by the hands, leads them up to a square (able placed ia the middle of the church. The lady stands on Ihe left hand ol the bridegroom, and on Ihe other side of each ttatids the bridesmaid or groomsman, as the case may be, with a lighted laper in his or her hand. The friends stand round. While on the olher side of ibe table, his back towards " the temple" the especially aacred part ol the church), and hit face towards the west, stands the principal priest; near him stands the dean, an inferior priest, ready to assist him in the reading of parls of the ritual. On Ibe table ia a tray, in which are placed a copy of the new Testament, an image of the Virgin Mary, two coronals of flowers, end two rings. The bride and bridegroom having been led up lo Ihe table the priest begins lo read the ritual. On artiving at a particular prayer, the two rings are placed upon the New Testament. On the conclusion of the prayer tbe priest takes up one of these rings, and alter msking will, it the sigo of (he cross upon the Testament, he presents it to the bridegroom, saying, '* The servant of God Mr. M. is betrothed to the servant of God Miss N. in the name of the Father, of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.—Amen " He next presents the ring with (he same words to the bride, and rhen a second time to Ihe bridegroom, this time placing the ring upon his finger. He next lakes up the second ring, and after crossing it upon the Testament, goes through the same ceremony with ii,beginning and ending wiih the bride, upon whose finger this ring is placed Then ibe friend calked ibe combaro, takea the nng off the finger of the bride, and plates it on lhat of the bridegroom, and the ring from Ihe .bridegroom's Soger apott that of the bride ; and this be repeals twice, so that in the end, tbe ring wbicb was on the bridegroom's finger remains an the bride's, and vice tens. Thii concludes the betrothal, which it generally performed immediately before the marriage, although in CUSPS where parlies are betrothed when very young, yt-ars may elapse between the two ceremonies How ever, where, as in thia case, the ceremonies are immediately consecutive, prayers follow the changing of rings, end while the prayers ere offering the priest places the two corona's on the Testament in the way as the two rings were before placed, there. On the conclusion of tbe prayers ta perforins with the crowns exactly the 6ame ceremonies as before »ih the riugs, repeating the same words, with the exception of the word " married" instead of " betrothed," mid ending by ^Iptilng one of the crowns upon (he head of Ilie bride,.and the other upon thai of the 'bridegrdbm. A portion of the ritual follows. When the priest comes to a passage in this which speaks of (he parties at being united, the combaro takes the little finger of (he right hand of each, and links them together; and the bride and bridegroom remain thus united during the remainder of the service. The priest then leads the bridegroom and bride, with the combaro or combaros, twine round (he table, stopping at each of the four sides. Meanwhile there is some singing by a single voice, the only part of the ceremony into which music enters. The parties having resumed their former placs the priest presents a little wine to the bridegroom and bride, with appropriate words accompanying it. We have not been able to ascertain the meaning of this pari of the ceremony, though it probably has some reference to 10 the wine at the tnariinge of Cana. The filth chapter of St. Paul's epistle in the Ephesians, in which the apostle dwells upon ihe relative duties of husbands and wives, and the chapter of St. John's gospel, narrative of tht marriage feast of Cans, in Galilee, with the miraculous conversion of water into wine, arr then read : and these are followed by a single prayer. Any ol those present may then kiss the bride and hridegroom. It is seldr.110, howtve<,fhat any but the relatives ur intimate friends avail themselves of this privilege. The full ceremony would consist in kissing both the fare end the crotvn, but the kis«inj of the crown being the material part, the former is often omitted. Another short prayer is Ihan offered up, which con' eludes the marriage service. The bride Bnd bridegroom, with their parents and two witnesses, then sign the marriage registry, alter uhich the whole party return to the house from which they slaried in the morning where they partake of cakes and wine, and the diiy is generally closed by other festivities —Manchester Guardian. ? Manchester 