An Adventure in Hungary. : '.ÍPROM Tlttt OCnUAM.)1 On' thc third day- nf tor- his ¡deporturo- front' Vienna,1 a horse.donlor alighted nt an inn situ- ated nt tho cntrnnco of a; littlo^town,. whlcli.to, all appearance, wn* respectable m.d quiot. Ho rooommonded his horso to tho caro or tho land- lord; dried his clothes nt' tho Aro, and ns'soon as supper wai ready, ho,sat down to tablo with tho host and h Ia family« who nppoarcd to bo docent pebplo. , , ? i .. During snppor, tho trnvollor was asked whero' ho carno from, and on his answering1 from Ylon na, thoy woro nlL anxious to hear somo nows of tho capital. Tho horso-dcnlor told them nil he knew. Tho landlord thnn nskod bim what busi- ness had taken him to Vlonna, to which tim latter replied that ho had boi>n there to sell somo of tho very finest horsos that had ovor nppoarcd In tho mnrkot there. At tboso words tho land- lord looked vory slgniftcnntly nt n young man who sat opposito to bim, anil who appeared to bo bis son. His expressive glanco did not escapo tho obsorvnlion of tho traveller, who, howovor, took no notico of it : yoi he very soon after- wards lind causo to rogrot his want of caution. Deing in want of ropnso, bo hogtied tho landlord, as soon ns tho supper wns flnisbed, to show bim to his room, Tbc landlord took a lmnp, nnd. conducted the traveller across thc yard lain o. douched building, which contained two toi-ral ly neat rooms. A bcd was prepared at th« Arther . end of tho second. As soon as the landlord hnd retired, the"tra- veller undressed hinlself. unbuckled ft money belt containing a.considerable sum in gold; and ! took out his pocket-book, which was fall of Austrian bank notes. Having convinced himself that his money was right, be placed both under his pillow, extinguishing the light, and soon fell asleep thanking (Sod and nil the saints for tbd success pf his Journey. He had slept about nn hour or two, when ho was »ridden ly awaked by thc opening of the window, and immediately felt "¡"ht A,'- Mn<r tn nnnn Mm Startled at tlds un'fbrscen circumsfctneo. tho traveller rained himself up.in hod. and perceived the head and shouldcrs'of a man who.was strug- gling to got into the room ; nt tho same time ho heard tho. voices <n" several, persow«,'Who were standing under .the window.'- A drendfnl.tcicroP »cited our traVolIer. who ga'vo himself np for lost : and scarcely knowing what ho did, crept under tho bed ns quickly as possible. A moment afterwards, a man sprang heavily into tho room, and staggered np to tho bcd. supporting himself .against tho wall. Confounded ns the horse dealer wa«, ho nevertheless perceived that'tho> intruder was Inebriated: this circumstance, however, gr.vo him little .hopo, for ho had pro- bably got intoxicated in order to summon up 'courógo for the contemplated crime ; besides this, tho travoucr lind heard the voices of per» sons outside, so that thc mnrdcrer, in cVso of re- sistance, could count upon thc nssist'inco of his comrades. Hut how great was hi» astonishment when he saw tho unknown person throw his coat upon thc floor, nnd stretch himself upon tho tied which 'he .'had just qditrcd I A few momenta nftcrwnrds ho heard tho intruder snore, nnd his terror began gradually to give way ro reflection, although the wliolo nff.iir was -quite incompre- hensible "to h'm. Ho was just preparing to quit his hiding place, in order to awake the inmates of thc house, nnd ask for another bed in plnce'of thtt from which lie had boon so unceremoniously expelled, when "a how incident occurred. . He heard tho outer door carefully opened, and on listening, the sound of cautious footsteps reached his oar. In a few minutes tho door ot /itJ room opened, and two figures, thoso of the landlord and his son. stood on tho threshold. .. Keep tho lamp back.'* muttered the f ithor in .1 suppressed voloo. rt What have wo to fear?" said the young man ; " wo aro two axain«t one: besides, bo has only a small knife with him. and 1« sleeping Don nd ly i. hear how ho snores." ." Do what I tell you,'* said tho father angrily : " do you wish to wake him ? would you bayo his cries alarm tho wholo neighbourhood ? ' Tho horse-dealer was horrified with th» spectacle. Ho remained motionless under tho hod, senrcoly daring to breathe. Tho son shut thc door after him, and tho two wretches approached tho bcd on tiptoe. Au instant afterwards tho lied was shook by a convulsive motion, and a stifled cry of pain Confirmed thc foreboding tbnt tho un- happy man in thc bcd had had Iiis throat cut. After a' short pan so 'of awfnl silence-, thc land- lord said,'" It is over now: look for the inoney.^ " I have found it under the pillow," said tho' son ; 'Mt is a lcnthern bolt nnd a pocket-book." Be0 "ttjÄT tôW^ what had happened. Tho mayor immodintely ? assembled tho mili- tary, and in loss than thrco- quarter* of nn hour tho inn was surrounded by soldiers who had been summoned to arrest the murderers. Tho wholo homo seemed buried in profound slteiico, but on approaching tho stable they heard a noise; The door was imincdintoly broken in, and tho landlord and his son wera neon busily digging a pit. As soon ns tho murderers saw tho horso dealer, thoy uttered a cry of horrir, covered their faces with their hands, and fell to tho ground. This was neither from repontanco noV tho fear of punishment, bot thoy thought they saw boforo them tho ghost of tho murdered man, notwithstanding they heard him speak. Th'ero was some trouble in .convincing them tb tho contrary. -They were then bonnd, and led into tho out-honso whero tho norri bl o docd had been committed, anxious tb seo how tho enigma would bo solved. ? Tho prisoners nppoarcd tolerably collootcd, or nt tho least calm and sullen :' but whon, on entering thc room, they perceived' tho body which lay on tho bod, tho son full sensoless to tho earth, and tho father threw himself, upon it with loud lamantatibna, clasping tho bloody corpse, and exclaiming despairingly, " My son I oh my son ! I, thy father, am thy murdorbr." ' Tho murdered man was, in fnot, tho youngest son of tho host. Drunkenness was - tho only fault this yoong man had; and this night, in"-, stead of being, as- his father and brother sup- posed, in his bcd. he had gone out'secretly,'and been carousing with somo of his companions at tho nle-hbuio., Soon becoming sufficiently ine- briated, and fearing his father's nngor if ho ap- peared beforo him in' that state, ho intended tb pass tho night in tho dotnohod out- house, ns he' had'often dono boforo. His companions had ab-' companied him thither, and helped him tr» climb lip to' tho window. Tbo rest requires no further* explanation.'' Nbr do' wo hood to add that tho 'murderers expiated their crimo with their lifo': and that - tho horse-dealer, although saved, and again in possession ¡of his plundered property,' still shudders ns tho recollection of that droadr fol night'.' ."'.,' >, 