The Mysteries of Sydney; Not by the Author of "The Mysteries of Paris," or "The Mysteries of London," but by One of Ourselves. CHAPTER XIV. THE GAOL. Occupying a commanding position on the southern side of the metropolis stands the Dar- linghurst prison. Its exterior presents all the chilling and forbidding character of these edi- fices. High stone walls entirely surround it without break or aperture, with the exception of one wide portal, above which frowns the gal- lows. At the time of our tale that portion of the interior which fronts the house of the gaoler, or governor, as he was more generally called, formed a complete contrast to the horrors in its vicinity. Green lawns trimly cut, and close shaven, were bordered with flowers of every hue, and intersected by broad gravel walks, rolled and kept in the most perfect order; not a pebble was displaced; their surface was smooth as a billiard table, and shone with as bright a polish. It seemed as if the designer had intended, by this specimen of landscape gardening, to throw a veil over the deformity of the edifice, and the sickening scenes which were enacted within its walls. Mr. Castle Dubbo, the gaoler, was a fac- simile of this anomaly. His outward and inner man were antipodean to each other, and, like Janus, he was bi-faced. There were two things of which he was really proud, his ancestry and himself. Descended from the earliest kingly race of Ireland, he would descant most glow- ingly upon their high renown, and the catalogue of their "vartues," which were at his finger's ends; he would run most glibly over the OToole's, O'Donoughoe's, and Brian Boru's, and smack his lips with gusto while drinking "bad luck" to the Saxon who had rolled the dark cloud over the sunlight of their fame. The genealogical tree of Castle Dubbo was rooted in gold; each branch was silver, and each leaf an emerald; the top had already reached the heavens, and nothing but a complete uprooting could stop its growth. Cutting and pruning were useless; so long as a twig re- mained it would bloom and shoot again till time was no more. And while he, Castle Dubbo, lived, extinction was impossible. lt was true, that instead of sitting, like his ancestors, to re- ceive the homage of ten million subjects, he had to usher visitors into the presence of vice- regality, and bawl out their names at a Dublin drawing-room; but what of that?--Charles 1st had been beheaded; Charles 10th was exiled; Louis Phillippe shared the same fate, and O'Connell had been imprisoned; great minds shone out more brilliantly from the foil of ad- versity, and Castle Dubbo, as a gaoler, eclipsed a vast number of his ancestral kingly cut- throats, in the same degree as his well-furnished and comfortable apartments outshone the bar- baric splendour of their wide halls and rush- strewn floors, open to all the winds of heaven. In his dress Castle Dubbo was the essence of finical elaborateness. His lace- frilled shirt was dazzlingly white and speckless; his upper and lower integuments faultless; and his cloth boots, with their shiny patent leather tips, unexcep- tionable. The feet that condescended to be encased in them were large, very large, but the body which they had to bear was none of the lightest. It were absurd to fancy that the frame of an elephant could stand on the pedestals of a fairy. He loved scents and pomades, and wherever he moved, ambrosial vapours floated round him, and completely overpowered the stench of tobacco with which some of the wretched ragamuffins under his care would foul the atmosphere, despite the vigilance of their keepers. In fact, Castle Dubbo was an original character; a complete sui generis. His wife (he was blessed with a spouse!) was also a character of the "Look-after-number-one spe- cies," and his children were characters also, such as any very fond parents might be proud of. While Castle Dubbo was making his toilette for the day, Toby and Lipey were pacing up and down the yard set apart for criminals committed for trial. Though their conversation was car- ried on in a low tone, it was evident, from the furtive glances which they occasionally took at the stone boundaries, that their thoughts strayed considerably beyond them, and that they were cal- culating the possibility of an escape from their durance "I'll pound it right," said Lipey in a most confident manner to his companion, who seemed more dubious upon the point, "they change the screwsman at night; and arter a round or two, the darkey toddlers go to slother. Vy, man, they sleeps as sound as churches; all the burstin and screwin in the vurld vouldn't vake 'em afore daybreak. "Yes; but I heerd," responded Toby, "that the guy'nor vos a-goin to have a flare-up to- night vith some o' them debtor chaps vots in his kwarters; them as tips up werry free, with a lot of svell outsiders." "So much the betteror, cos you see, I've got to help to vait on 'em, and ven the gals is a playin on the pe-nnny, and the coves is a chant- in, vy, I can slip the fastenins, of your door, and"----- "But there's a padlock on, Lipey." "Not at all; they never troubles themselves about that. Bless their innicent hearts, they'd never believe that a chap was so owdacious as to go for to try to make a bolt out of this here werry strong jug. If sich a thing vos to be kommuni- cated to 'em in a wision by their grandmother's ghost a standin at their bedside, they'd never take it in." This interesting colloquy was cut short by the entrance of the visiting magistrate, attended by the gaoler. After taking a slight glance at the place, the former enquired whether everything was right, and having received an answer in the affirmative, he turned to the prisoners, and asked if they had any complaints to make. "Yes, your vurship," said Lipey, stepping forward and smoothing his hair down, at the same time giving a scrape with his left foot of the most respectful and expressive kind, "I have von werry great von. You see, your vurship, I've led an unkimmin vicked life, and this here place is a precious sight too good for me." "Never mind, my man; never mind; we'll give you a turn at Cockatoo island, or the roads, and perhaps you'll find that hard enough." "I'm werry fearful not, your vurship; I've been a dreadful sinner. But I know vell, if you don't turn me out of here, I shall contaminate the whole blessed lot of innocent individgeels vots obliged to consort vith me." "They must take their chance about that, my fine fellow." "Werry vell, your vurship! Now, take no- tice, all you sufferin lamkins vot knows nuffin," cried Lipey, turning round to his fellow-priso- ners, "that if anything vos to appen I've give 'em proper varnin, and the konsikences is on their own eds." "Pretty vagabond this," muttered the Visit- ing Justice, as he turned away, half smiling at the impudent boldness of Lipey. Having bestowed a cursory look at the other portions of the place, he mounted his horse and rode off, while Castle Dubbo proceeded to the chapel, where a large number of the prisoners were engaged in making hats, an employment by no means unprofitable. Perched in the pulpit was a gentleman with a large ledger before him, in which he was busily engaged entering the various sums to which the prisoners were en- titled from the sale of their cabbage-tree la- bours, and debiting them with the expense of the edible luxuries which they had received in ex- change. Bread, cheese, butter, rump steaks, and pork sausages, formed the hulk, while here and there little hieroglypical marks in the books, gave notice that something out of the common way had rewarded their exertions. As Castle Dubbo entered the chapel, the men made a sort of attempt at concealing the pipes which they had been smoking, and ceased the singing, talking, and laughing, with which they were soothing their very toilsome occupations. Having glanced over the ledger, and satisfied himself that the accounts were correct, and given instructions to the clerk to select two of the men for the purpose of performing the office of musicians at the little soiree which he was about to give that evening, he proceeded to the Condemned Cell in which a prisoner was con- fined under sentence of Death. The heavy lock turned with a harsh and grat- ing sound; the massive cell door slowly and heavily swung back on its creaking hinges, and the gaoler and the victim of the law were face to face. What a contrast! Trim, sleek, and smil- ing; full of life and its pleasures; looking for- ward to years of luxurious earthly enjoyment, was the one--pale, haggard, woebegone; sur- rounded by life's miseries, yet, clinging to exis- tence with convulsive tenacity; hoping where Hope had withdrawn every ray from the dark- ness of Despair; battling with the legion of fiends conjured up by conscience; howling, writhing, cursing, but repenting not--(What room was there for repentance in a heart which struggled only to evade the grasp of Death?)-- was the other. The unhappy man was seated on his iron pallet, his clasped hands hanging down between his manacled limbs, and swaying to and fro in the very restlessness of his agony. For a time he appeared unconscious of the presence of his visitor. His tortured imagination beholds as in a vision, extending far as eye can reach, an expanse of upturned faces scowling upon him in bitter exultation as he stands trembling beneath the black gibbet; he hears the murmurs of deri- sion and execration which greet him from that human ocean; he grasps his neck --his respira- tion quickens--the death straggle is upon him-- the creeping curdling tremor of expiring nature convulses his frame! He is rehearsing the last fatal scene, and hanging--in Anticipation! "My poor fellow," whispered the gaoler in that conventional whine which is used by officials on such occasions--the tone which affects sym- pathy but does not convey it--"how do you feel this morning. All clean and comfortable around you, I see. Is there any thing you desire?" "Yes!" screamed the convict, springing to his feet, "life--life! Give me life! Shut me up in a cell for ever! Deprive me of the sight of a human face. Lash me! torture me! la- cerate me, but let me live." "Your case," replied Castle Dubbo, consi- derably startled by this burst of energy, "has received the fullest con-sid-e-ration," and he dwelt upon the word as importantly as if he were the actual embodiment of her Majesty's Privy Council, "yes, I repeat, the fullest con- sid-e-ra-tion, and all that can possibly be done for you, shall be done, I give you my word." "l am innocent," shrieked the felon, in all the wild excitement of the hope inspired by the last words of the gaoler, "I am innocent--tell them I am innocent, and they will spare me. Yes-- yes I will hope--you Sir, you will save me," and the unhappy wretch threw himself before the keeper, and clasped his knees, grovelling to the very earth in supplication. "Oh, yes! hope for the best, and in the mean time compose yourself, my poor fellow," returned Dubbo, retreating from the embrace of the con- demned; and, drawing forth an elaborately bor- dered white pocket-handkerchief, he passed it twice or thrice across that portion of his dress tainted by the touch of the murderer: "keep yourself quiet, my man, and all will go right, I dare say." The victim sank back upon his straw, and the gaoler turned away. The heavy door swung to; the bolts creaked, and the doomed one was left to solitude and his own thoughts. Castle Dubbo smoothed his slightly ruffled garments; emitted a long sibillating sound, as if dismissing some weighty matter from his thoughts; and stalked with the air of a con- queror towards his apartments, to preside over the preparations for the gala of the evening. 