The Editor of this Journal invites the free expression of the opinions of his Correspondents, but can not be held responsible for them. The name and address of the writer must accompany each coin munication. To the Editor of the "Independent Journal.'" Sir, Taking my morning walk on Friday last, I strolled into the Catholic Cha- pel during the performance of High Mass. I sat down with the reverential feeling that I was in a building dedicated to God, and surrounded doubtless by many whose hearts were devoted to His Gospel and the diffusion of it. I viewed with complacency the members of the Church as one by one they dipped their finger in the consecrated water, and I thought it a pity our own Church had dispensed with a ceremony that is practised in the Syriac and other Eastern Christian Churches, and which is significant of the purity (at least of intention with which we should enter the Courts of the Lord ; as David beautifully expresses it, I will wash my hands in in innocency and so will I compass thine altar." The Latin services commenced and I looked round to see how my fellow worshippers were employed. Alas! alas! the wandering eye, the rapidly muttered prayer, seemed not in unison with that solemn declaration " God is a Spirit and they who worship Him must worship in spirit and in truth." We associate with deep reverence and awe, the voiceless as- paration the earnest J and slowly uttered prayer, and can have no sympathy with the reverse of the Poet's imagining " Thee, while the first Arch Angel sings, " He veils his face behind his wings.' ' And again " God is in Heaven-and man below, " Be short one tunes-our words be few.'" I turned from the people to the Bishop and his 3 assisting Ministers, hoping better things from those who are professedly the Temples of the Holy Ghost ;" and what seemed the character of their devo- tion ? Their minds seemed occupied with the fitting dress next to be worn; and after some whispering, shoving, frowning, and other route intimations, one, actually left the service to bring it from an adjacent building. My mind would suggest to me the scriptural phrases garments of praise" "robe of righteousness j" nor could I re press) a smile of pity at the almost ludicrous ceremony of Christ's Ministers drawing on the stockings and garters and silver satin slippers of their "Bishop. In fact they seemed to my simple mind, to be (entertaining the assemblage before them with robing and unrobing each other with fantastical habiliments, which suitable as they might be to a female actress in her boudoir, were certainly not so to those who were dispensing the Bread of Life at an altar graced with the effigy and cross of a dying Redeemer ! I thought of Christ's purple mantle, and thorny crown put on in mockery-of John Baptists' camel's hair raiment and leathern girdle of St. Paul's labors " in cold and nakedness," and I said to myself " if the Apostles could suddenly appear amongst us to gather together the infant Church in this place into an upper chamber foy divine worship, would they not be apt to mistake the Bishop for a Jewish High Priest ? would not St. Paul be tempted to exclaim " I perceive in all things ye are too superstitious ?" While thus musing in sadness on the inutility of the ceremonials before me to kindle devotion, to enlighten the understanding, or to sanctify the heart ; I was suddenly aroused by a Litany, in which the Priests on their knees were invoking every Saint in the calendar to pray for them ! Now what do Roman Catholics I consider kneeling to mean ? Is it worship or is it not If it be, they contradict by their acts the words of their lips, for they invariably declare that they neither worship nor pray to the Saints. If, on the other hand, they consider kneeling is not worship, it is then unmeaning homage that they so perpetually offer to the Saviour ! Protestants consider kneeling the most, holy act of adoration, and accordingly, I" pray to God alone on their knees, and once they saw the knee to Christ, when reciting the Creed, in acknowledgement of His Divinity. The Service that next engaged my attention was the Eucharist; and here I could not help thinking the prepared Bread of the Roman Catholics far more appropriate to so holy and awe inspiring a solemnity than the common loaf used by Protestants ; a slice of perhaps heavy sour bread, cut at the breakfast table, to be subsequently fingered possibly by servants and children, before reaching its destina- tion on the table of divine mysteries ! In these few remarks, sir, I have carefully abstained from doctrinal points, which it would be unseemly to place side by side with the ordinary topics of the day in the pages of a newspaper. Respecting the things that address the senses, the decorations the prostrations, &c;, perhaps some Roman Catholic may condescend to enlighten us as to their utility and signification, if they have either. God himself anticipated the natural curiosity of our minds when He established the Paschal Supper, saying " when your children ask you in times to come, what mean ye by this service, then shall ye say," &c.; Can Roman Catholic children tell why a bell is rung ? why incense is used ? why Ministers kiss a ring ? why they so often change their dresses, remove books from one place to another P why the Bishop must have his book held before him, as if the very Bible were not good enough for his hands to touch ? I doubt if even adult Roman Catholics could answer these and a thousand more simple questions that might be asked respecting the ceremonies of their Church, for they seem more complex and numerous than those commanded in the Jewish ritual Indeed the Clergy themselves seem puzzled by them and, to Protestant eyes, much like children at a loss where to find their lesson, which when found, appears but half learnt, and not fully understood. Four's Sir, Very truly, CAJTMBUS. 