THE Moreton Bay Courier:. SATURDAY, MAY 4, 1850. BY the Tamar we have Sydney papers to the 27"th April. The latest English papers in the colony were brought by the Banga- lore, being to January 5th. These were sent on shore when the vessel was off Sydney Heads, so that we are indebted to the Sydney press for the few items of news that have been received in addition to our last advices. Parliament was to meet on the 31st January, and it was expected that a strong Protectionist opposition would be offered to the Government. It was supposed that an amendment would be moved to the ministerial address in answer to the Queen's speech.Consols closed omthe 5th Jan. at 96¾ to 96 7/8 Californian news to the latter end of Febtuary had been received in Sydney. The accounts of the production of gold were highly favourable ; it appeared that the inhabitants of Sacramento were bes- tirring themselves to repair the ravages committed by the late flood. His Excellency the Governor has further prorogued the Legislative Council of New South Wales to the 4th June, when it will assemble for the dispatch of business. We call attention to the further sales of crown lands leases at Moleton Bay, as elsewhere published. THE SEPARATION QUESTION. EVER since this journal was established, the aim of its conductors has been the legitimate advancement and prosperity of the northern districts, and in a great measure our efforts to secure those ad- vantages have been successful.; but it has been truly remarked that the progress of Moreton Bay has not been proportionate to its natural endowments and just claims. Various modes of overcoming or alleviat- ing this heavy clog, and various opinions with regard to its origin have from time to time been suggested. The scarcity of labour and the cause of that scarcity; the indifference of the government, Imperial and Colonial, to our requirements ; and, the tardy influx of capital to this port, have all been discussed, and, as far as the politicians of the time have believed, as- signed their due influences upon our pro- gress, and their own causes of existence. But the northern districts have been still neglected. Still has superabundant labour been poured into other, and not much older, settlements, while enterprise was arrested by lack of it here ; still has the capitalist been unmindful of the oppor- tunities offered here for profitable,outlay, while elsewhere he has been compelled to seek an over- filled field or a wasted soil for his operations ; and still have we been mocked with the ghost of legislative re- presentation, and all the evils, without one of the benefits, of the government that we help to pay for. A tract of inhabited country, from the Clarence River to Wide Bay, having a coast line of about three hundred nautical miles, with navigable streams running far into the interior, and an untracked extent of available back country, has at this moment but a share of the services of one member of Council, who is also the représentative of all who have claims to representation as far south of the Clarence as the county of Glouces- ter. This melancholy and destructive farce has lasted long enough, and the in- habitants of these districts-after innum- erable vain attempts to help themselves by other means-have come to the conclusion that the severance of the northern from the middle district, and the erection of the former into a distinct dependency of Great Britain, is the only certain cure for our complaints. Like Columbus with the egg, they have found a simple but sure mode of proceduie. This is not a factious political craving, and has no reference to opinions that prefer the- mob rule of America to the tried constitution of Great Britain. The desire for separation has been awakened by long experience of the evils accruing from the want of a local Government, and it has been stimulated by the self-evident fact that a colony on the north-eastern coast of New Holland must soon be founded, independently of the present colony of New South Wales. Certain agitators are beginning to seek for a federal republic, with the head quarters,- we presume, at Sydney ; but the inhabitants of Moreton Bay want to establish a íeally fraternal and direct union with Great Britain, and to have the centre of their government, and their place of direct communication, in London. Believing that such a sepa- ration from Sydney, and such a real union with England would substantially benefit the new colony and extend the power and influence of the parent country, the at- tainment of this object becomes a legiti- mate cause for exertion; while the fact that no injustice can be inflicted upon any interests by our success, invites and must insure the co-operations of all Classes in- terested in the prosperity of this land, and, by taking away all fair inducements to a refusal in the part of the Imperial Go- vernment, holds out a strong promise of ultimate triumph to the cause. On the grounds alone of population and wealth, the northern district may well claim equal plivileges with Poit Phillip, where great exertions were made for sepa- ration long before the country had attained its present importance; but the population and actual exertions of a country have really nothing to do with the abstract question of its fitness for a colony. If it be sufficiently distant ftom another colony, if it seems to possess natural advantages that may be made available to the surplus population of other countries-if it has secure harbours and a salubrious climate -and if there be beyond it ample room for the dispersion of its own future popu- lation, it is a fit place for a colony, and, as soon as it is formed into one, popula- tion, wealth, and expoits will follow as things of course. Neither New South Wales nor South Austialia became wealthy or populous before they became colonies. Let a colony be founded in a proper place, and invested with sufficient powers of local self-government, and prosperity will follow. It will not be disputed that the northern districts, com- mencing at Clarence River to the south- ward, possess all the necessary elements that we have enumerated ; while the ex- tensive country northwatd to Cape Yorke offers itself for the exploration and settle- ment of those adventurous pioneers who would soon push forward from the capital of the northern colony. But it is not absolutely necessary for us to depend upon the abstract principle of guidance in the foundation of colonies.. The present ex- ports of this part of the colony sufficiently attest its claims to separation. It is pro- bable that the shipments from Moreton Bay alone will this year amount to £160,000, and added to the expoited com- modities that are now sent from Wide Bay and the Clarence, Richmond, and Tweed rivers- all of which articles should come to this port in coasters-the gross exports of the country that now claims separation from Sydney would amount to more than £300,000 per annum, to begin with. It is scarcely necessary to remind the reader that the erection of Brisbane into the capital of a colony would cause an immediate addition to those exports, by means of goods that are now sent from parts of New England. The cost of ruling a young colony, founded on judicious principles, would not be great, especially if the Offices of trust were bestowed, as they ought to be, upon those whose long services and local experience best entitle them to consideration, and best qualify them to benefit the public. It must not be forgotten by those who will earnestly exert themselves in this matter, that the hearty co-operation of the inhabitants of the neighbouring districts, north and south, will be of great weight and value. 