The Argus (Published Daily.) I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1850. \-------------------------------------------------------------- PASSENGER SHIPS. Most apropos to our recent remarks upon the scandalous manner in which many of the passenger and immigrant vessels seeking these shores, are sent off from the mother country, comes the ' Brightman,' from London, by way of South Australia. The medical attendant on board this vessel, conveying some 130 passengers, in consequence of some remarks in the South Australian Regis- ter, forwarded to the Editor of that jour- nal the following letter:— To the Editor of the South Australian Register. Sir—The Latin log of the Brightman's surgeon contains the following :— Mura sonat sic: " Clarus Homo'' absque fidelibus ullis Marh excepto—Nam tanet omno bonau Translation - " The Brightman's barque this truth unfolds, " lts area not one Christian holds." The author a solitary exception, to quote the words of the Editor himself. Adelaide, January 7, 1850. Sir—I have condescended to peruse the obser- vations contained in your print of this day. I have already outwitted you by Latin. I will now duplicate the affair by English, although belonging to Francois Celeste. You certainly are inconsis- tent with common arithmetic, and whether the Surgeon of the Brightman is Man or God, is not your business. You had better hold hard and know your latitudes and longitudes are you pre sume to an exercise of the status quo of your columns. I expected something vapid from colo- nials but I have found this Australian territory full of polonials. Consult your Dictionary for the interpretation. I am Ellison-Spencer Douglas Groves, Surgeon to the Brightman and first of English Bards; God The Holy Ghost; or Christ 2nd. A mass of illegible writing follows ; after which we detect :— "You are an egregious ass. Take it out in negrohead and colonial beer. Audi alteram partem. You have turned the liberty of the press into licentiousness. The judgments of God are verily for this generation. I am the instru- ment, serlon and cause." As soon as we learned that the ' Brightman' had reached Port Phillip, we felt satisfied that if this gentleman were still in occupation of his most responsible office, we should probably hear something of him. Accordingly, the very next day we were favoured with the following— To the Editor of the Argus. Barque ' Brightman.' February 2 1850, Port Phillip. Sir, That the course pursued by the Editor of the ' Australian Register ' at Adelaide on the 7th of January ult., may not be imitated or duplicated by you, I send a few lines embodying a few particulars respecting the transit of the vessel as above, to this Port, and to which I have discharged the duties of surgeon and minister since her departure from Gravesend on August 26th, 1849. The transit has been healthy and satisfactory, and much of thanks is due to Captain Cowley for the able and judicious course adopted by him throughout the entire navigation. On arriving at Adelaide I had the good fortune to record "no death, ' but on the 29th of January a Major Armstrong, aged 38, breathed his last, having been the subject of dropsy for some time, and long an invalid on board the ship. He was duly committed to the deep on January 30th, myself reading the burial service in a solemn and reverend manner. Prayers were read on most Sundays by myself, and with the exception of occasional complaints of the passengers respecting their diet, &c.; (com- plaints which had little of warranty) our moral and social evils were few and far between. The Australian Register had the impudence to head his impression of January 7th, with a dirty, mean, and contemptible article , seeking to create a very disparaging opinion in the minds of the public at Adelaide respecting the manner in which I had conducted myself in my capacity as surgeon. I trust you will not disgrace your column in like manner; if so, I shall resort to my artillery, always having at hand a plentiful supply of silencing ammunition. I am quite satisfied with myself, having the exquisite honour of being a thorough, bona fide, uncompromising, and unalloyed " Christian.'' I am, sir, Your obedient Servant, Ellison Spencer Douglas Groves. Surgeon, &c.; &c.; &c.; P.S. I left England to seek the Christian's repose in a new country. My emigration, there- fore, is passive, negative—not active, nor positive. Of England I may say, borrowing from the poet of former days— " Suis et ipsa Anglia Viribus ruin'," The metre is destroyed by Anglia, but not the sense. In the original it is " Roma." The following day we received a second epistle to this effect :— Barque ' Brightman,' February 2 1850 Port Phillip. Sir.—I find, from the information furnished by your Reporter, this day, that the Press of Mel- bourne has already libelled itself in having echoed the remarks of the Australian Register of January 7th ult. The Liberty of the Press has been regarded as the leading bulwark of English stability and strength, and, doubtless, the Colonial Press flatters itself under the same assurances . My experience in England, however, satisfies me that this is mere boast, verbiage and made use of as an occasional weapon, to misguide and mislead the multitude; and, had not the English so fond and tenacious a regard for money and personal interest in general, London would as often have figured in the Chronicles of Revolutions as Paris or any other Continental Depôt of Politics, of Men, and Merchandise, and Press—Liberty (?) So long as the Press observes the exclusive Rule of Impartiality and Justice (if Mortals are capable of developing these attributes)—the Press is competent to effect much good—to check Tyranny on the one hand—and arrest Democracy on the other. But when, without any fact to guide him, I find a Colonial Editor presuming to grapple with stern and stubborn, truth, having nothing more than the feeble and impotent weapons of idle fiction and even impudence for the combat, I am content to regard the Press as the organ of Licentiousness rather than Liberty— thus, by perversion of use, giving to an instrument, designed for better purposes, the office of a Liar and Slanderer. I am imformed that the Colonists are ever charmed with Novelty, and that Editors feel them- selves called upon to minister to this weakness and morbid appetite. If so, and Editors desire to regale their guests with a dish as yet unknown to the tables of Melbourne, I would advise them to furnish it at their own expense not mine, other- wise I shall forthwith compel them to pay for the intrusion and embezzlement. As regards the world at large, I have only to say that I look upon it as wrapped up in its wonted darkness in reference to matters exclusively Spiritual—nor will the Lawn of a Bishop, or host of Bishops, whether in England or Australia, reverse my opinion. Christ is a My teru. He is first to be dis- cerned through the Body, then the Intellect, lastly the soul. Any other order or measure re- sorted to for the purpose of finding Him out will utterly fail. In Him I am, and ever mean to be a stout, stern, philosophic Believer. It is only by the Holy Ghost that a Believer's condition can be matured and perfected. It is only through the Holy Ghost that a Believer knows his accept- ance. Time only will reveal all things. I leave every- thing to this unerring Agent, and when the season comes I have no doubt that I shall be able in- stinctively to respond to the salutation:—" Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord ! " I am Sir, Your obedient servant, Elliot Spencer Douglas Groves. Surgeon. &c; . &c.; &c.; The World has produccd a Bonaparte of the Flesh, why not one of the Spirit? for says the old Proverb: " Times make a man." When the 2nd Advent dawns, the world will discover to what extent it has misled and de- ceived itself respecting the Nature, Office, and Person of Jesus Christ! It is foretold that He is to reign as a Temporal Monarch! Who will be His Prime Minister? Not Sir R. Peel, nor Lord J. Russell!!! Now, knowing nothing of this gen- tleman, but by report, and his own writings, we wish to say little of him ; being quite satisfied to let him speak for himself. We ask whether such a man is fit to be entrusted with the lives of some scores of his fellow creatures ? Is such a man a proper person to attend a sick couch, a delicate female in her confinement, or to watch an illness during its crisis? Is it not perfectly frightful to think that any day during a long voyage, a fatal disease might burst out, and that the only man to combat it, is a raving madman ? What fate is too bad—what punishment is half bad enough, for the diabolical scoundrels who can tamper with human health and life, by such an infamous appointment. We feel that we owe an apology to our readers for defiling our columns with these hideous blasphemies. But before they venture to express the shock which every rightly constituted mind must feel at their perusal, let them ask whether the shock is real ; let them test its re- ality by the consideration of what they intend to do to check this frightful state of things ; and if they are forced to answer that they are not prepared to do anything towards reform, let them rest assured that their pretended horror is mere cant and affectation. The bodily health of the inmates of a crowded passenger ship, is perhaps after all the least important charge of the Surgeon, and still more frightful evils arise from negligence or misconduct than any bodily ailment can amount to; but simply as a matter of personal health and safety, the flagrant violation of the slight- est caution leads to absolute crime in the abetters, and in quietly tolerating so infamous a state of things, we charge this community individually and collec- tively with being accessary to nothing short of murder of the worst kind. 