INDIA. The Calcutta Englishman of the 17th Sep tember contains the following1 extract from a' letter from Hyderabad of the ist September: — ' Our mutinies have at length reached the extremity rnicu i expeciea tney woum uo. a mutiny ot the L.ine rallas iu Slmms-ool- Omra*s service, a regularly paid md well-regulated establishment, broke out on the I8th iHhno : they were only four months in arrears, and two nontha'-pay was offered them. This proposal could not lsive been unsatisfactory in itself, for the contingent is cept two months in arrears, but it is said that Shuin-s- onl-Omrah desired to extinguish the re naming two months' arrears, to contribute iu part o make up a sum of money which the Nizam s exacting from him. The mutineers (about 150 nen out of 8.0) inarched off with three guns -f their establishment t-- seek redress from the Nizam. Shums-ool-Omrah sent his Arabs and ether ?etainers to bring back the guns but not to molest the Line- wallas. The«e chose to risk a battle, which com menced at ab-.uit G in the evening, in the Clmrk. the ;reat market of the city, when it was thronged with a great number of persona, and terminated in the street leading from it to the Nizam's palace, and within 100 yards of its principal gate. When the guns were taken, the mutineers fled to the palace, three guns were iischarged in the most populous part of the city, but fortunately one gun was loaded only with powder, the inuz/.lo oi the other was so low that the grape-shot with which it was loaded entered the earth just below the aj'in, tho third gun wa- fired in equal haste, but did some execution — 17 persons were killed and wounded nn both sides, and amongst these, as is usual, two or three of the peaceable inhabitants of the city.' The Theatre.— The Royal Victoria Theatre opened last evening under the management of Messrs Lazar and Coppin, and, as might have been expected, was filled from the pit to the ceiling. Nothing previously witnesecd in this colony could exceed or equal the brilliancy of the scene which greeted the eye when the visitor, like ourselves, entered the house after a great proportion of the company had assembled— gorgeous tints, beautiful forms, brilliant lights, happy faces, and tasteful dresses burst upon the sight, and formed a tout ensemble that almost restore fairy land and realized the dreams of youth. The opening address, spoken by Messrs I.azar and C'oppin, contained many clever allusions to the important but not very amusing purposes to which the house had been devoted since its desecration from the service of the Tragic and the Comic Muse, to which has been again restored, under auspices that augur to its occu- pants a career of permanent prosperity. A trifling delay between the delivery of the address and the commencement of the overture gave tho gods a pretext to thunder forth their impatience, which they did so as to make not only Olympus, but the theatrical welkin ring. The Overture to Don Giovanni is one of the most beautiful of Mozart's compositions, and was admirably given by the orchestra, which, in fact, contained all the principal instrumental performers in the colony. The first piece was one of those burlesques calculated for the meridian of London, and seldom very successful out of the great metro- polis.' It was, however. well received by the audience In it Mrs Moore made her first appearance since her marriage, and her reception was most enthusiastic — the applause breaking out with increased vigour on her giving, with characteristic archness, a passage where she, as Desdemona, regrets having left her papa to get married. A gentleman amateur, whom we fancy we have seen before, did not quite come up to the expec- tations his former performances had led us to expect, and Mr Walsh's ghost of the ' Royal Dane ' was a thing to be spoken of " in sorrow more than auger.' The songs betweeu the pieces were well sung ; but we think it a pity that less hackneyed productions were not selected, and would beg to impress on Mr Julius Caesar Squash the propriety, if such a thing be compatible with nigger-singing, of complying with the wish of his admirers and change his song when called .again. 'Love laughs at Locksmiths' was tho concluding piece. It is an old favourite with us, and, we think, all the Adelaide playgoers. In it Lazar was as correct, crabbed, and comic as ever; and the roguish, rollicking valet was impersonated by Mr Coppin in his best style. His assumption of the Yorkshire bumpkin's simplicity was a capital piece of acting, and the depopulation of his pretended uncle's native village to avoid being led into contradictions convulsed the audience with its drollery. It is unnecessary to dwell on Mrs Moore's performance ; she was quite at homo in the lively Lydia, and was frequently and deservedly applauded. On the whole, the performance' gave great satisfaction to the largest and most select audience that ever assembled iu Adelaide. Cornwall and Devon Society-. — There was a well-attended meeting at the Exchange last evening of persons interested in this formation of the Societv, whose laudable objects have been so ably set forth in 'a prospectus that has been for somo time before the public. Mr J. B. Neales wa3 unanimously called to the chair, and in opening the business of the meeting eloquently expatiated ou the advantages that would accrue to the men of Cornwall and Devon if the capa bilities of South Australia were made known to them as an emigration field, nud urged it as a duty on every colouiat from the west country to associate for that pur pose. 1 he Colonial Surgeon, Dr Wyatt, Mr A. Scott, Mr Williams, Mr Movie. Mr Ashwin.'and several other gentlemen addressed the meeting in proposing and secondiug a series of resolutions admirably adapted to carry into vigorous operation the benevolent and patriotic objects of the founders of the Society. After the resolutions were passed several speakers dwelt on the superabundance of labour in Cornwall and Devon; on the inexhaustible field open for it in South Australia ; on the mining skill of west-country - meu generally, and the aptitude with which they can accommodate themselves to the hardest toil and the most useful handicrafts ; ou the orderly habits and mor.ii character of Cornishmeu, who alone resisted the efforts of the Chartist emissaries to excite disaffection and spread sedition in the West. They were, 'one and all,' moral, industrious, skilful, persevering, and frugal, and aa such eminently adapted to benefit the laid of their adoption ; while the laud of their birth from i.'s redundant population could afford to spare as many « s were willing or likely to emigrase. The Central Road Boabd. — There was no meeting of this Board yesterday. 