TOftUINGEN CASTL 1 ?. AN OHIGINAT. TALE. (Written for the " GUARDIAN.') rf I could speak, and breathe the vital air, Tales Icould tell, would make the Bapient Btare. (Concluded from our last.) This report he heard was correct, • anil he immediately carried it to his wife; but they Judged it proper,first to tell Emeline of her father's illness only, lest it might injure her health. James again went away, but returned in a few days, and told Emeline the doleful news, that people had gone and; taken possession of her house, considering themselves as next heirs, there being none to prevent it; but he continue.!, no one could interrupt Jier, as slie could claim her birthright. This plan was soon adopted, and in a few days they set off for Emeline's place, where some of the old domestics, at once lecognised her; but the new occupiers of it were indeed confounded, when they saw her enter the parlour, where they, and some gentry were assembled. Emeline could not speak to them, she was much overcome by the remembrance of her father. At that period, many wild and supernatural Dotions existed, generally among the people, chiefly in country places, of witches, fairies, and wild goblins, and those now in the house were impressed with such fancies, so that, believing Emeline to be dead, they considered her appearance among them, to he her spirit come for some preternatural, unhallowed purpose, and the moment the female saw her, she screamed aloud, and fainted, while all the others ran out of the room. This astonished Eineline greatly, and seeing the woman in such a state she went to assist her, aud called the servants who came to her aid. The lady soon got \veM— went quickly out with her friends, liuvriedly left the house, and igno Milt of the truth, told the story of the ghost that had intruded on them, everywhere they went. The extraordinary singularity of this incident, created wonderful speculation everywhere, especially among the young gentlemen who formerly visited the house, and Hector, though in delicate health, went, with another, to ascertain the truth of such a report. When he met Emeline, he saw no change in her countenance or manner, expressing his surprise at her long absence from home, and the report then told, of her being a fairy j but she said nothing more than expressing her sorrow tt his altered appearance, "of which lie told her, 6he was the cause. After this interview. Hector be came a daily visitor, and declared his affection, which Eemline did not forego, though she had now become * Countess. Many neighbour came to express their joy and congratulation on her return, and among them, the gentleman to whom her father had promised to have her mamed, before she went away. She met, but scarcely spoke to him ; and seeing Hector in familiar conversation witu lier. be seemed much put out, that another should have the preference. He quickly look his leave, and his accompanying friends saw his embarrassment, and rallied him on the lady's shyness, saying, he ought to chastise any one who attempted so to insult him \ and this gentleman, Ronald by name, after some consideration, was prevailed upon to call Hector out, which was done by a friend, and in those days of chivalry, a challenge to fight was given without much etiquette. They met two days thereafter, with their seconds, and Hector said he had no animosity towards the other; but Ronald replied, that he must resign his attention to- Eineline, else they should fight. This being refused they took their places. At the first shot Hector's ball passed through Ronald's body, end he fell, but not quite dead, aud Hector was shot through the arm. Ronald was carried home end his wound was soon fatal. This duel was published over the country, and various accounts of the cause, which Emeline knew,and much regretted the result. Hector judged proper to go from home, till he heard ol his opponent's fate; but he previously went to see Eineline, who was vexed on the occasion. He took James with him, and set away next day, travelling towards the highlands, for the coun try, at that time, was in such a de sultory stale,from the recently fought battle of Flodden, that it was considered rather, precarious to go alone over an unknown road, and neither / had ever been the way. They had proceeded several days over the Grampian mountains, without meeting any one; though a timid being would sink under the wild ruggedness of the aspects, till one evening when the sun was nearly down, they overtook an old crone, the peculiarity ot whose dress surprised them greatly, being of a form used more than a- hundred and fifty years back, with an odd looking cap, made into two horns, that made her appear frightful. They believed her to be an evil demoniac, tlie genii of mischance, and when they came up to her, Hector, who had no fear of witchcTaft—spoke to her, and asked * how far it was to Inverness.'—' No farther than you can go,' was the reply, uttered with a wil 1 scream.— Hector gave her some money,but she told him she 1 took nothing for nothing,' and gave him in return a small shell, which, whilst he kept it, would save him from accident by sea or land. They parted, and in two days arrived at Inverness, the Castle of whieh, then entire, and occasionally occupied by Royalty, is elevated on a rock, round which the town is built, commanding a beautiful prospect of the surrounding country.— Hector enjoyed (be view with plea* sure, and took many drawings of the scenery lo be met with, near that place, and in his wanderings over the country, picked up many strange stories, which he inscribed in his note book. Sccnery however interesting, will, by constant exhibition, lose its exhilerating effect, especially when objects of more animating recollection, chirfly occupy the mind ; and this was the situation of Hector's sentiments. He became auxious, having now been from home some weeks, and proceeded on the way to his own country, Emeline also experienced much ennui, seeing no one except her nurse, who likewise longed for her husband's return. Hector did not lose much time in getting back, and found the ftory of the duel nearly exhausted. In a short time he led Emeline to the alter, and they long lived together, enjoying all the blessings of an affectionate marriage, and an example to all who wish to be respected. DICALEDON. CASE OF PREMATURE INTERMENT. The Paris papers relate a case of premature interment which lately occured in the department of La Mayenne. A soldier, who was supposed to have died of indigestion produced by too copious liba tionsofwinc, was abont to be buried in tbeceroentery. The coffin had already been lowered into the grave, when a low roaning was heard. Just in time. To raise the coffin.and tear off the lid was the work of an instant, and the buried-alive was taken flut. It is 6aid that the man of war intends bring an action against his officious friends for premature interment. 