THE GORHAM CASE. JUDGMENT. THE judgment in this long-litigated case was pronounced yesterday afternoon, March 8, by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in their court at Whitehall. Long before two o'clock an immense crowd thronged the space immediately in front of the entrance to the Privy Council Office. The outer doors were thrown open at two o'clock, and the rush of the crowd up stairs was fear- ful. Another interval elapsed before the public were admitted within the room of the Privy Council. When the door was opened the rush was terrific, and the room became densely filled. It will be remembered that in 1847 the Lord Chancellor presented the Rev. G. C. Gorham to the living of Bampford Speke, in the diocese of Exeter. Previous and up to that time the rev. gentleman had been the incumbent of St. Just, Cornwall, in the same diocese. The Bishop of Exeter thought it necessary, before instituting the rev. gentleman to the living of Bampford Speke, to require that he should undergo an examination on points of faith and doctrine before the bishop, particularly with reference to his opinions on the subject of in- fant baptism, which the bishop suspected were not in accordance with the teaching of the Church of England. That examination was gone into at great length, and the result was, that the Bishop refused to institute the rev. gentleman to the living of Bampford Speke, on the ground of holding unsound doctrine with respect to the efficacy of baptism in the rege- neration of infants. Mr. Gorham appealed to the Court of Arches, where, after a long argu- ment, Sir H. J. Fust, the judge, decreed in favour of the Bishop of Exeter. From that decision the Rev. Mr. Gorham appealed to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, be- fore whom, during several days in December last, the case was ably argued on both sides at great length. Lord Langdale now pronounced the judg- ment of the Judicial Committee of Privy Council. After reciting the circumstances at- tending the presentation of Mr. Gorham to the living of Bampford Speke, the refusal of the bishop to institute him, and the proceedings in the Arches Court, as we have stated them sub- stantially above, his lordship proceeded to say, that the doctrine held by Mr. Gorham with re- ference to baptism appeared to be, that bap- tism and the sacraments were generally neces- sary to salvation, but that the regeneration of the person baptised did not uniformly take place in baptism ; that grace might be granted before, in, or after baptism ; that the grace was given by God to such persons only as wo thily receive the sacrament ; that infants baptised, dying before actual sin, were certainly saved ; but that in no case was rege- neration in baptism unconditional. Those were the opinions of Mr. Gorham ; and the question which the Council had now to decide was, not whether those opinions were theolo- gically sound or unsound, but whether they were contrary or repugnant to the doctrines taught by the Church of England in her Ar- ticles, Formularies, and Rubrics. The ques- tion must be decided by the Articles and Li- turgy of the Church, and they must apply to those books the same rule that had long been established with regard to all written docu- ments. It was not immaterial to observe, that there were different doctrines prevailing at the time when the Articles and Liturgy of the Church of England were framed and ultimately made part of the law of the land. But they were not to be influenced by the particular opinion of the eminent men who propounded and discussed them, or by any supposed ten- dency to give a preponderance to Calvinistic or Arminian doctrines. The Articles and Liturgy as they now had them, must be considered as the final result. It appeared from reso- lutions and discussions of the Church itself, and from the history of the times, that from the first dawn of the Reformation until the set- tlement of the Articles and Formularies, the Church was harassed by a great variety of opinion respecting baptism and its efficacy. The Church having resolved to frame articles of faith as a means of avoiding diversities of opinions, must have been presumed to have accomplished that object, so far as it could ; but it could not have intended to determine all the questions which had arisen or might arise, or to include in the Articles and Liturgy a statement of all Christian doctrine. A selec- tion of the most important points necessary to be believed by the ministers of the Church was probably made, whilst others not of such pri- mary importance were left for future decision by competent authority, and, in the mean time, to the private judgment of pious and conscien- tious persons. Under such circumstances it would have been impossible, perhaps, even if it had been thought desirable, to employ lan- guage which did not admit of some latitude of interpretation. If the latitude were confined within such limits as might be allowed, without danger to any matter ne- cessary to salvation, possibly or probably a difference might hove been designedly intended by the framers of the Articles themselves. If that were so, the first question which arose in this case was, whether the disputed point was or was not meant to be settled at all, or whether it was left open for each member of the Church to decide for himself according to his own conscientious opinion. It was mate- rial to observe, that very different opinions as to the sacrament of baptism were held by the promoters of the Reformation, and that great alterations were made in the Articles on that subject. The Articles drawn up in 1536 stated that, remission of sins and the grace and favour of God were given in baptism; and the pro- mise of grace and everlasting life pertaineth not only to such as were adults, but also to infants and innocents ; and it was by those Articles also taught that children ought to be baptized, inasmuch as children dying in in- fancy would undoubtedly be saved thereby, and that infants must needs be christened be- cause they were born in original sin. In a book entitled " The Necessary Doctrine for a Christian Man," and usually called "The King's Book," published in 1533, it was stated that because all men were born sinners, and could not be saved without the remission of sins which was given by baptism and the working of the Holy Ghost, therefore the sacrament of baptism was necessary for the attainment of salvation and everlasting life. The Articles of 1552 and 1562 adopted very different language from the Articles of 1536, and had special regard to the qualification of a worthy and right reception of baptism. The Articles of 1536 expressly de- termined two points,—first, that baptised infants dying before the commission of actual sin were undoubtedly saved thereby ; and secondly, that unbaptised infants were n't saved. The Articles of 1562 said nothing ex- pressly on those points ; but, not distinguish- ing infants from adults, stated in general terms that these who received baptism right had the benefits of baptism thereby conerred. What was signified by right receptions Mr. Gorman said it always implied in the case of adults faith and repentance, and in the case of infants. God's grace and favour. On a con- sideration of the Articles, it appeared that besides the particular point there were others which were left undecided. It was not par- ticularly declared what was the distinct mean- ing and effect of the grace of regeneration— whether it was the change of nature, a change of condition, or a change of the relation sub- sisting between man and his Creator. His lord- ship then reviewed the Articles and Formu- laries at great length with regard to baptism. He continued to say, upright and conscientious men could not in all respects agree upon a subject so difficult; and it was to be carefully kept in mind, that the question—and the only question—for the Council to decide was, whether Mr. Gorhim's doctrine was con- trary, or repugnant, to the doctrine of the Church nf England, is by law established. Mr Gorham's doctrine might be contrary to the opinion entertainer/ by many learned and pious person*-? contrary to the opinion which such persons had, bytheirown particular studi'ps, deduced from Holy Scriptures-contrary to the opinion whicr, they had deduced from uncer- tain and ambiguous expressions in the formula- ries ; still ifthe doctrineofMr. Gorham was not contrary orrepugnant to the doctrines of the Church of England as by law established, it could not afford a legai ground for refusing him institutirn to the living to which he had been lawfully presented. Th )ourt, constituted for the purpose of advising her M BJ es ty in matters which came within its competency, had no jurisdiction or authority to settle antlers of faith, or to determine what ought in any par- ticular to be the doctrine of the Church of Eng- land upon the true and legal construction of her Articles and Formularies ; and the Court considered it was not their duty to be minute and rigid in cases of this sort. The Court agreed with Sir W. Scott in the opinion which he expressed in Stone's case, in the Consistory Court of Lon- don-" That if any article is really n subject of dubious interpretation, it would be highly im- proper that this 'Jourt should fix on one mean- ing, and prosecute all those who held a con- trary opinion regarding its interpretation." In the examination of this case the Court had not relied upon the doctrinal opinions of any one nf the eminent writers, by whose piety, learning, and ability, the Church of England had been distinguished ; but it appeared that the opi- nions, which the Court could not in any im- portant particular distinguish from those en- tertained by Mr. Gorham, had been pro- pounded and maintained by ninny tvminent and illustrious prelates and divines who had adorned the Church from the time when the Articles were first established, and that with- out any censure or reproach. Tho Court did not affirm that the doctrines and opinions of Jewell, Hooker, Usher, Jeremy Taylor, "Whit gift, Pearson, Carlton, Prideaux, and many others, could be received as evidence of the doctrine of the Church of England ; but their conduct, unblamed and unques- tioned as it was, proved at least the liberty which had been allowed of maintaining such doctrine. The case not requiring it, the Court had abstained from expressing any opinion of their own upon the theological correctness or error of the doctrine of Mr. Gorham, which was discussed before them at great length and with so much learning. His Honor the Vice Chancellor Knight Bruce dissented from tho opinion they had formed, but all the other members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council who were present were unani- mously of opinion that the doctrine held by Mr. Gorham was not contrary or repugnant to the deolared doctrine of the Church of England as by law established, and that Mr. Gorham ought not by reason of the doctrine held by him to have been refused admission to the vi- carage of Bampford Speke. The Court shouW therefore humbly report to her Majesty, thrt the sentence pronounced by the learned judie in the Arches Court of Canterbury ought to be reversed, and that the Bishop of Exeter had not shown sufficient cause why he dil not institute Mr. Gorham to the said vicaraf* Loud cries of "Bravo" resounded .-hrough the Court ot the conclusion of the judj^ent. 