AFnmii REGENERATION — ABSO. Yl OlUTION — THE ARCHBISF (OP OF " CANTERBURY'S 1 REPLY TO THE " REV. MR. MASKELL. Lambeth, April. 26, 1850, Rrvbrend Sta,— I am much, obliged by yout sending to mo, together- with your own ' letter, the letter of your dior jesan ; because it removes much of the I jurden, which I should otherwise feel ',0 be laid upon mc, when yon mention the dr ,ubt and uncertainty of your mind at the ptorgmt moment, whether to resign your cure uf souls, or no. Your bishop justly states t'nat thete are many sub« jects connected with our holy religion, upon which we have no reason to expect the d ig- matio teaching of the Church. Indeed, your second published letter complains of matters left undetermined, upon which the Church could not possibly pronounce a decision, un less it were her office to reveal what is to he believed, rather than to teach what has been revealed. To a certain extent, the same remark is ap plicable to the questions which you now ad dress to me : in replying to which I disclaim . all right to answer authoritatively, or assume a responsibility which does not belong to the office which I hold. Still I will not refuse to state, though very briefly , the few remarks which occur to me on the several subjects of yonr Inquiry. . 1 Vrtn aiir firtf ( Oiirrhf T In loarK nntl . have I the authority of the Church of Eng land to teach, that the grace of regeneration, together with the remission of original sin, is certainly given to all infants in the sacrament of holy baptism ?" What is included in tbe grace of regenera tion is not declared in the Articles of our Church, neither is regeneration limited in Scripture to tho sacrament of baptism. (See . James I. 18, and 1 John v, I.) But the Rubrio furnishes some answer to the latter part of the question, asserting that it is f certain from God's Word that children which are baptised, dying before they commit actual tin, are undoubtedly saved." Our Lord also commended bis Apostles to " go and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." Matt, xxviii., 19. In obedience to this command, the Church teaches us to bsptise infants, " not doubting, but stead fastly believing that God will favourably re ceive them— will embrace them with the arm- of his mercy — will give unto them the bles sing of eternal life, and make them partakers of his everlasting kingdom." —Baptismal Service. II. You then ask again, " Am I to teach , on the same and equal authority, that justi- fication is always concurrent with the due re- ception of the sacrament of baptism ?" The Church can only speak as Scripture ' 'speaks, and does not intrude into " the secret things which belong to the Lord our God.'i 'You have authority to teach, with all plain- ness, as regards justification, that " we ar- accounted righteous before God only for tin ' merit of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, ; by faith." Ait. xi. And as regards bap- tism, the Churcli teaches that by it, " as by an instrument, the promise of forgiveness 0 sins" (which is equivalent to justification) r' " it visibly signrd and sealed to them thai receive it rightly." Art. xvii. Farther .!< than this we are not eleaily informed. In ;!- the case, for instance, of Saul, see Acts ix., 15, 18, or of Cornelius, Acts x., 31 , 34, 44' ,-r(48. of one . we are told that he was " accepted >'J of God;" of the other, that he was a " chosen vessel unto God." But whether they were justified before baptism, or in baptism, ie., . whether their justification was concurrent c ' with their baptism," Scripture does not say, and the Church does not teach us to , declare. J III. IV. V. Yon inquire further, " Ought I to teach that an especial gift of the Holy Ghost is in a sacramental manner, given to faithful recipients in confirmation, by the laying on of the hands of the bishop P Oi, again, that orders transmitted through the episcopate are of tbe essence of the Christian Church ? Or, once more, that the words in the Ordinal, Whosesoever sins thou dost , forgive, they are forgiven,' &c.;, convey to the priesthood tbe power of absolving penitents, to be exercised in its fulness only after par- ticular confession, as indicated in the office of Holy, Communion and the Visitation of the Sick ?" I take these three questions together, be cause they admit of tbe same obvious reply— namsly, that the Church, in her character as "a keeper and witness of Holy Writ," Art, ' ' xx,, does not give authority to teach more than is there revealed. On the matter of Confirmation, for Instance, the Articles of the Church are prudently silent, the con fir. nation described in Scripturo being different \- la many respects from the nature of tlic rite proscribed in the Book of Common Prayer, So with regard to Eplseopacy, as being " of the essence of the Church," Our Church Is " satisfied with saying that, from the Apostles' time, " there have been in the Church the three orders of bishops, priests, and deacons ; and that no man shall be suffered to exercise any of those functions except he be called, tried, examined, and admitted thereto" ac cording to the form prescribed&" Preface to Ordination Service." Again, concerning Absolution : the Church has declared, gene- rally, tho power which God hath given to his ministers ; namely, to pronounce on the part of God, "tho absolution or remission of their sins to all them that truly repent, and un- feignedly believe his holy Gospel." And if upon any of these subjects the Church has not affirmed more than this, It Is not that her teaching is defective, but that she finds no instructions in Scripture which justify her in saying more ; it is, further, because she his strongly enjoined to avoid all questions which rather tend to " gender strifes," than to promote " godly edifying," 1 Tim. i.,4; 2 Tim. ii., 23 ; and that she profisses, as a fundamental principle, to " requite of no one the belief of anything which is not read in Holy Scripture, or may be proved thereby," Art. Til, ' j 1 can scarcely hope that this superficial reply to questions which it would require a volume to discuis, will appear to you cither sufficient or satisfactory. But such as it is, I it may serve to suggest thoughts which deserve your serious consideiation, before you take the dangerous step which you have been lately meditating. Especially it may lead you to inquire, whether in the exercise of your ministry you have not been in the habit of piying too much attention, and attri- buting too much authority, to something else rather than to that on which we can alone depend, and which is the deposit committed to ourchaige, the Word of God. ' Commending you, therefore, to God, and to the word of his grace,"' I remain, Rev. Sir, Your faithful servant, J. B, CASTUAR. The Rev. W. Maskell. 