ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE AUDI ALTERAM PARTEM., To the Editor of the Moreton Bay Courier.' Sir-Some of your readers having identified me with a letter which appeared in your last Saturday's issue, signed " The Ghost of Justice," I beg to deny such identification not because I do not fully concur in the writer's remarks, but simply I am not the man. The facts, as far as I am concerned with the subject of sufferance' wharves, are these Concluding from the Governor's proclamation, dated 26th of June last, notifying a sale of crown lands, that I was the occupier of a water-side property adjoining the Queen's Wharf, North Brisbane, I applied to the Sub-Collector of Customs of this port to be informed whether such Queen's Wharf, being a public wharf, was to be included in his list of sufferance wharves. in reply that gentleman favoured me with a long letter, stating that sufferance wharves were allowed by Government, not for private emolument, but for public convenience, and concluding by saying there was no legally established Queen's wharf, although he believed one would be shortly erected have been informed, opposite Kangaroo Point. Conceiving he had misunderstood my application, I wrote a second letter, stating that I did not seek the Queen's Wharf being made a sufferance wharf for private emolument, but as a public right-I having purchased land from the Government upon full faith that such land ad- joined the Queen's Wharf. His reply is, in substance, as follows t"He did not see anything in the circumstance of my allotment having been described in a proclamation as being near the Queen's Wharf, that bears either directly or indirectly on the question of sufferances, as he believes that every section on the map is described as being within certain bearings of the " Government Windmill, and yet that building is advertised for sale. Such marks and names are adopted for convenience, but never for the purpose of establishing rights foreign to the object of the description. But if I could point out any object of public utility which would counterbalance the great inconvenience of bringing dutyable goods two miles through the town before they are landed, he had no objection to grant me a suffer- ance." Now, Sir, as Mr. Duncan will persist in making me the person who wants to obtain a sufferance for the Queen's Wharf, I beg to state that I seek no private emolument whatever, my sole and only object being to obtain a public right, for the benefit of all parties who wish to land dutyable goods at the southern end of North Brisbane. Trusting you will pardon this long letter, and afford it space in your next issue, I am, Sir. yours obediently. THOMAS DOWSE. North Brisbane, Feb. 18th, 1856. 