EMINENT CHARACTERS OF THE MIDDLE AGES. Among the few names which shed a lustre over the prevailing darkness of the middle ages, there are two — those of Alcuin and Duns Scotus — which have a special interest for the natives of the British isles, inasmuch as the former was born and educated in Britain, the latter in Ireland, and both exercised an extraordinary and wide-spread influence on their contemporaries — in fact, impressed upon their age their individual character. Alcuin, who may be considered as having occupied the position of Prime Minister to Charlemagne, was born in England, at York, Anno Domini 735. The circumstance of France being beholden to Britain for the accession of so eminent a man, who in eru dition and general attainments so much surpassed the entire French nation, is thus accounted for by Guizot, in his ' History of Civilization :' — ' The intellectual state of England and Ireland was then superior to that of the Continent ; letters and schools prospered there more than anywhere else. It is rather difficult to assign any practical causes for this fact. The principal of them, I think, was the fol- lowing: — Christianity was carried into Ireland by Greek missionaries, and into England by Latin mis- sionaries. In Ireland, during the first ages which fol- lowed its introduction, no invasion of barbarians came to stop its progress, to disperse the monasteries and schools, to stifle the intellectual movement which it had set on foot. In England, when the missionaries of Gregory the Great arrived, the barbaric invasion was consummated, the Saxons well established. There, also, therefore, Christianity had not to undergo — at least not at this epoch, or until the great incursion of the Danes — any social disorders: its statutes and its various works were not violently interrupted." Alcuin was possessed of a mind more active and comprehensive than any of his contemporaries. Without elevating himself above them by the origi- nality of his ideas or of his knowledge, he may be considered as the faithful representative of the in- tellectual progress of his epoch, which he out- stripped in all things without detaching himself from it. The schools of England, and particularly that of York, at this period were superior to those of the Continent. That of York possessed a rich library, where were to be found many of the works of Pagan antiquity ; among others, those of Aristotle. In a poem, entitled ' Pontiffs and Saints of the Church,' Alcuin gives the following information relative to the species of instruction communicated in the schools of the monastery of York : — 'The learned Aelbert gave drink to thirty minds at the sources of various studies and sciences. To some he was eager to communicate the art and rules of grammar ; for others he made flow the waves of rhetoric. He exercised these in the Com bats of jurisprudence, and those in the songs of Adouia. Some learned from him to sound the pipes of Castalia, and to strike with a lyric foot the summits of Parnassus. To others he taught the harmony of heaven, the works of the sun and the moon, the five zones of the pole, the seven wandering stars, the laws of the course of the stars, their appearance and decline, the motion of the sea, the tremblings of the earth, the nature of men, of beasts and birds, and the inhabitants of woods ; he unveiled the various qualities and the combi- nations of numbers ; he taught how to calculate with certainty the solemn return of Easter ; and, above all, he explained the mysteries of the Holy Scriptures." Aelbert, who taught these several branches of knowledge, having been advanced to the Arch bishoprick of York, Alcuin succeeded him. In 780, on the death of Archbishop Aelbert, and the accession of his successor Eanbald, Alcuin received from him the mission to repair to Rome, and pro cure from the Pope the pallium. On his way from Rome he found Charlemagne at Parma, who at once pressed him to take up his abode in France. After some hesitation, Alcuin accepted the invita- tion, subject to the permission of his bishop and of his own sovereign. The permission was ob- tained, and in 782 we find him established at Charlemagne's court, and invested with no less than three abbeys, those of Ferrieres in Gatinoit, of St. Loup at Troyes, and of St. Jose in the county of Ponthieu. Henceforward Alcuin was the confidant, the councillor, in dhort, a species of brains-carrier for Charlemagne; and in this ca- pacity not merely advised in matters of state, but directed the intellectual development of the French nation just emerging from barbarism. Toward this object he corrected and restored the manu- scripts of ancient literature, revived public schools and public studies, and taught in his own person. The revision and correction of ancient manuscripts, both sacred and profane, played an important part in the revival of intellectual activity at this period, and while others laboured at this work under Alcuin's superintendence, he himself undertook a complete revisal of the sacred writings, which he completed in the year 801 in the Abbey of St. Martin de Tours, and sent to Charlemagne with the following epistle, ' I long meditated what present I could offer you, not merely not unworthy of the glory of your imperial power, but which might form some addition to your wealth ; for I could not con sent that, while others were laying at your feet rich gifts of every kind, my humble talents should remain so idle as not to prepare some offering to your beati- tude. At length, by an inspiration of the Holy Ghost, I thought of a present at once suitable in me to offer, and calculated to be agreeable to your wisdom. What, indeed, could be more worthy of you than the Divine books which I herewith send to your most Illustrious Authority, collected into one body, and carefully freed from all errors to the ut most of my ability and pains. If the devotion of my heart could have devised anything better, I would have offered it to you with equal zeal for the increase of your glorious fortune.' This present appears to have excited the emulation of Charlemagne himself for Thegaua contemporary chronicler, states,that " in the year which preceded Charlemagne's death, he carefully corrected, by the assistance of certain learned Greeks and Syrians, the four Gospels of Jesus Christ.' It is also stated of Alcuin on more than one authority, that he revised and copied the plays of Terence. It was not in a monastery or any public institution that Alcuin taught in the first instance. From 782 to 796, the period of his residence at Charlemagne's court, he presided over a private school, called ' The School of the Palace,' which perambulated with Charlemagne, and at which were present, himself, his sons, and principal ministers of state. Had the influence of Alcuin been confined within the walls of this academy, it would have effected little worthy of notice ; but the great business of his life being in connection with Charlemagne, his in tellectual authority was productive of more important results. Some idea may be formed of the prodigious move ment of mind with which this eminent-man was en trusted, from the extent of his correspondence ; there remaining to us two hundred and thirty-two of Alcuin's letters, of which thirty are addressed to Charlemagne. These letters are on all manner of subjects — moral, social, religious, philosophical, lite rary and political, and evidence that much of Charlemagne's greatness is attributable to the able counsels of his Anglo- Saxon adviser. In a future number we may give some account of Duns Scotus. the magnitude of whose literary labours astound our modern authors, and can only be paral leled for extent by those of Luther or Calvin. 