MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. -0-o-- A CoMFonTABLE SITUATION Fon A LADY'S MAID, -As it has become a habit with Lady Hester Stan hope to find nothing well-done when she entered her bed-room, it was rare that the bed was made to her liking; and, generally, she ordered it to be made again in her presence. Whilst this was doing she would smoke her pipe, then call for the sugar-basin to eat two or three lumps of sugar, then for a clove to take away the mawkish taste of the sugar. The girls, in the meantime, would go on making the bed, and be saluted every now and then, for some mark of stupidity, with all sorts of appellations. The night-lamp was then lighted, a couple of yellow wax- lights were placed ready for use in the recess of the window, and all things being apparently done for the night, she would get into bed, and the maid whose turn it was to sleep in the room (for latterly she always had one) having placed herself, dressed as she was, on her mattrass behind the curtain which ran across the room, the other servant was dismissed. But hardly had she shut the door and reached her own sleeping-room, flattering herself that her day's work was over, when the bell would ring, and she was told to get broth, or lemonade or orgeat directly. This, when brought, was a new trial for the maid. Lady Hester Stanhope took it on a tray placed on her lap as she sat up in bed, and it was necessary for one of the two servants to hold a candle in one hand, and shade the light from her mistress's eyes with the other. The contents of the basin were sipped once or twice and sent away; or if she eat a small bit of dry toast, it was considlered badly made, and a fresh bit ordered, perhaps not to be touched. This being removed, the maid would again go away, and throw herself on her bed; and as she wanted no rocking, in ten minutes would be sound asleep. But in the meantime her mistress has felt some twitch in some part of her body, and ding dong goes the bell again. Now, as servants, when fati gued, do sonetimes sleep so sound as not to hear, and, sometimes are. purposely deaf, Lady Hester Stanhope had got in the quadrangle of her own apait ment a couple of active fellows, a part of whose duty it"was to watch by turns during the night, and see that the maids answered the bell; they were, there fore, sure to be roughly shaken out of their sleep, and on going, half stupid, into her ladyship's room, would be told to prepare a fomentation of camomile, or elder flowers, or the like. The gardener was to be called, water was to be boiled, and the house again was all in motion. During these pre parations, perhaps Lady Hester Stanhope would recollect some order she had previously given about some honey, or some flower, or some letter--no matter however trifling-and whoever had been charged with the execution of it was to be called out of his bed, what ever the hour of the night might be, to be cross questioned about it. There was no rest for anybody in her establishment, whether they were placed with in her own quadrangle or outside of it. Dar Joon was in a state of incessant agitation all night. Memoirs of Lady Hester Stanhope. An AMERICAN DEScRIPTION or A BABY.--We copy the following from the KNICKERBOcKER. It is a postscript to a letter addressed to the Editor by a funny correspondent, who calls himself " Julian" : And then, my boy ! But haven't I told you? Why, I've got a boy! a boy--ha, ha ? I shout it out to you-a baby ! ,fourteen pounds, and the mother a great deal better than could be expected ! And I say, M?Ir. Editor, it's mine-hurrah and hallelujah for ever ! Oh, sir, such legs and such arms, and such a head ! and oh, heavens ! he has his mother's lips I can kiss them for ever ! And then, sir, look at his feet, his hands, his chin, his eyes, his everything, in fact. Give me joy, sir; no, you needn't either. I am full now; Irun over; and they say I ran over a number of old women, half killed the mother, pulled the doctor by the nose, and upset a 'pothecary shop in the corner; and then didn't I ring the tea-bell? Didn't I blow the horn ? and didn't dance, shout, laugh, and cry altogether? The women say they had to tie me up. Ididn't believe that; but who's going to shut his mouth when he has a live baby ? You should have heard his lungs at the first mouthful of fresh air --such a dust! A little tone to his voice but not pain-excess of joy, sir, from toogreat a sensation. The air bath was so sudden, you know. Think of all this beautiful machinery starting off at once in full motion! all his thousand outside feelers an swering to the touch of the cool air; the flutter and crash at the ear; and that curious contrivance, the eye, lookmg out wonderingly and bewildered upon the great world, so glorious and dazzling to his unworn perceptions; his net-work of nerves, his wheels and pulleys, his air-pumps and valves, his engines and reservoirs ; and within all that beauti ful fountain, with its jets and running streams, dashing and coursing through the whole length and breadth, without stint or pause--making alto gether, sir, exactly fourteen pounds. I am this day, sir, 'multiplied by two. I am duplicate. I am number one of an indefinite series, and there's my continuation. And you observe it is not a block, nor a blockhead, nor a painting, nor a bust, nor a fragment of anything, however beautiful; but a combination of all the arts and sciences in one; painting, sculpture, music, (hear him cry) ; minera logy, chemistry, mechanics, (see him kick); geogra phy, and the use of the globes (see him nurse); and withal he is a perpetual motion-a timepiece that will never run down! And who wound it up ? But words, sir, are a mouthful and a mockery !" SoMNAsrnULIssu.-When on a voyage to New York, we had not been four days at sea, before an occur rence of a very singular nature broke our quiet. It was a Ghost ! One night, when all was still and dark, and the ship rolling; at sea before the wind, a man sprang suddenly on deck in his shirt, his hair erect, his eyes starting from their sockets, and loudly vociferating that he had seen a ghost. After his horror had a little subsided, we asked him what he had seen.? He said he saw the figure of a woman dressed in white, with eyes of flaming fire: that she came to his hammock and stared him in the face. This we treated as an idle dream, and sent the frantic fellow to his bed. The story be came the subject of every one; and the succeeding night produced half-a-dozen more terrified men, to corroborate what had happened to the first; and all agreed in the same story, that it was a woman. The rumour daily increasing, at length came to the ears of the captain and officers, who were all equally soli citous to discover the true cause of this terrific report. I placed myself night by night beneath the hammocks, to watch its appearance, but all in vain; yet still the appearance was nightly, as usual, and the horrors and fears of the people rather daily increased than diminished. A phantom of this sort rather amused than perplexed my mind; and when I had given over every idea of discovering the cause of this strange circumstance, and the thing began to wear away, I was surprised one very dark night, as seated under the boats, with a stately figure in white stalking along the decks! The singularity of the event struck my mind that this must be the very identical ghost which had of late so much dis turbed the ship's company. I therefore instantly dropped down, from the place I was in, to the deck, on which it appeared, when it passed immediately very quickly, turned round, and marched directly forwards. I followed it closely, through the gallery, and out at the head-doors, when the figure instantly disappeared, which very much astonished me. I then leaped upon the forecastle, and asked of the people who.were walking there if such a ifigure had passed them? They replied, No ! with some emotion and pleasure, as I had ever ridiculed all their reports on this subject. However, this night's scene between me and the ghost became the theme of the ensuing day. Nothing particular transpired till twelve o'clock, when, as the people were pricking at the tub for their beef, it was discovered that Jack Sutton was missing. The ship's company was directly mustered, and Jack was no where to be found. I then inquired of his messmates the character of the man; and, after a number of interrogatories, one of them said, that Jack Sutton used to tell them a number of comical jokes about his walking in his sleep. Now the mystery was unravelled: and this terrific ghost, which had so much alarmed all the sailors, now proved to be the unfortunate poor Jack Sutton, who had walked overboard in his dream. The first fellow who spread this report, and who showed such signs of horror, was found, on inquiry, to be a most flagitious villain, who had murdered a woman, who he believed always haunted him; and the appearance of this sleep-walker confirmed in his mind. the ghost of the murdered fair one; for, in such cases, conscience is a busy monitor, and ever active to its own pain and disturbance.-Dr. Binns' Anatomy of Sleep.. Why is a person that never lays a wager as bad as regular gambler? --Because he is NO BETTER. .NEW,'- AND FEARFUL MODE oF. EXEUTIONN.-It appears from the journal of an European traveller, that a new and fearful mode of execution has recent ly been adopted by the great Mogul. The instru ment and process are thus described. A box, each side of which is fifteen feet square, is constructed of timber about eighteen inches thick, dove-tailed to gether, and braced with iron rods. The outside of the bottom of the box is covered with a plate of beaten iron, one inch in thickness. The interior is filled with perfect cubes of granite, weighing in the aggregate several thousand tons. A machine is erected after the manner of an ordinary pile-driver, but of course on an enormous scale, and of tremen dous strength. The mass is raised by a powerful machinery, cast in Birmingham for the express pur pose, though it is to be presumed that the machinist by whom the work was furnished had no idea of the horrible purpose for which it was intended. The human victim is placed npon a block of granite, of a corresponding surface buried in the earth imme diately beneath the enormous mass, and covered with a plate of iron. At a signal given by the vicramadack, the executioner touches a spring, the mass falls, and the victim, crushed at once, is sud denly annihilated, and spread out like a sheet of paste-board! The huge weight being aoain raised, the flattened body is withdrawn, and aried in the sun. When completely prepared, it is hung over the walls of a public building, there to serve as a warn ing to the multitude. A Yankee editor, speaking of poultry, says, ' Much attention has been paid to the rearing of poultry at the West, and the method now in use of hatching chickens I consider superior to the Egyptian one of hatching them in ovens. It is simply to fill a barrel with eggs, head it up, and sit a hen upon the bung." ALBERT 'SMITH'S NEXT " SOCIAL ZooLooGY."-The " Natural History of the Flirt" is to be the hit of the series. Bogue, of Fleet-street, has offered the largest sum before publication that has been given for any modern work of light literature, which we hear the author of "The Bowl of Punch" has refused. How TO MAKE THINGS PLEASANT IN AN OINIBUS. Take a bull dog in with you ; or a couple ol babies ; or produce a pistol, and quietly cock it; or take the HUE AND CaR out of your pocket, and as you read it look most intently at the features of every person in the omnibus. A lovely young lady called in a physician to "do something for a run of blood to the head." "I have been doctoring myself." said the languid fair one, with a smile, to the bluff though kind M.D., while feeling her pulse. " Ah! how?" "Why, I have taken Morison's pills, Bell's balsam of liquorice, and Powell's cough electuary. I have used Henry's calcined magnesia, Fawcett's anodyne pills, and--" "Madame," interrupted the astonished doctor, "all these do your complaint no good !'" "No! Then what shall I take ?" pettishly inquired the patient. •' Take !" exclaimed the doctor, eyeing her from head to foot, " Take !" echoed he, after a moment's reflec tion-" take ! why, take off your stays !" ScoTCn CATECHISM. - Pedagogue - Wha was Goliah ? Boy-The muckle giant wham David slew with a sling and a staue. Ped.-Wha was David ? Boy-The son of Jesse. Ped.-That's a bra man; and noo-wha was Jesse? Boy-The flower: of Dumblane. A sailor being summoned to give his testimony before a court, was questioned by the judge as to his religious creed. "Are you an Episcopalian ?" "No, Sir." "A Catholic?" "No, Sir." "A Methodist ?" "No, Sir." "What are you then ?" "I am captain of the foretop, Sir." ABSENCE OF MIND.-The promoter of the Great Hanseatic, intending to drink a pint of beer, poured into his stomach the contents of an inkstand. He found out his mistake when he discovered his body ,breaking out all over with a new prospectus. 