@ome0tic ftttelligenc, ,<>. » ».-» 1 . S.I . ... -a INSOLVENCY PROCEEDINGS. J vi tie fore the Chief Commissioner. .".'1. ... TuaSDAV. . . -j . . E-tate of James Williams, a special meeting.; Adjourned utfL.' Saturday next. : \ \ : . - . Thursday. Eitate of Nicholas Nelson, a third meeting wan held; Claims amounting to £106 14 , 7d. were proved ; after Whiob the insolvent made an offer in fnll ot every claim, whi'oh the meeting agreed to accept. Estate of John Rafter, a first meeting was held, but no claim was proved. Friday. Estate of Isaac Boorman. a single meeting wa9 held. One claim was proved of £197 16s. Direotions were giv'in to the official assignee to surrender the lease of Callyer Lee's farm to Mr. Throsby, and to dispose of the assets inoluded in the schedule to Mr. Throsby, by private oontraot, for £50. Estate of Samuel Terry Hughes, an adjourned second meeting was held. Claims amounting to £36 1 8s. 9d. were tendered; but they were ordered to stand over in consequence oLthe absence of tbe insolvent. The meeting was then adjourned to the 16th. Estate of John Terry Hughes. The.meeting was adjourned till ten o'clock, this day. NEW INSOLVENTS. . . David Buntin, of South Brisbane, Moreton Bay, blacksmith. Liabilities, £132 4s. 3d. Assets — personal property, £5; out standing debts, £48 14s. lOd. Amonnt of deficiency, £78 9s. 4d. Mr. W. Perry, Official Assignee. t Joseph Marnhant, of George- street. Singleton,.. storekeeper. Liabilities, £274 8s. 7$d. Assets— personal property, £101 17 s. 7d. ; outstanding debts, 18s. 4£d. Amonnt of de6clenoy, £171 12s. 8d. Compulsory Sequestration. — His Honor Mr. Jastice Dickin son, on reading the petition of Charles- Bury, of Tumlook, on the 18th instant, oalling upon Robert Richardson, of Bslar, in the oolony of New South Wales, to fbow pause why his estate should not be requestrated for the benefit of his creditors. Mr. G; King, offioial assignee. ; _ . meetings op CREDITORS. This Day.— John Terry Hughes, to proceed under order ot Conrt, at ten o'clock. ' Tuesday.— Alexander Donaldson Kellic, a third meeting, at half past ten. John Rafter, a second meeting, at eleven. Joseph Merchant, a single meeting, at noon. Thursday.— George Patrick, a special meeting, for directions, at eleven. Jane Watsford, a single meeting, at eleven. '' Friday. — Joseph Marchapt, a single' meeting, at eleven. Circus Royal. — This place of entertainment continues to draw good bouses. An addition has been made this week, in tbe person, of a second clown, and we believe that extra hands are now on tbe way here from Port Phillip. The proprietor and manager seem - determined to do everytbing in their power to maintain the position which they have already taken, novel .as is their attempt, and, they may depend that the continuance of pnblio favor will.be sure to follow as the natural result of their exertions. ' Nick op the Woods"— An old acquaintance of ours, an en- 1 A 1 Ai.. hi a AA ! D .IVAL larjOU BpcQlUlvIl ©I VuQ CUUn aU luo irvui having arrived in Sydney this week, lost no time in renewing, or rather in endeavouring to renew, that bond of social intimacy which bad been somewhat broken by his long, and much deplored absence from tbe capital.' In-, other words, be .thought it was high time, after a lapse of nearly three months, that he should take nntioe of a certain article .of . 011 whio.h on. J/he longi- tude of his person and the latitude of his tyeard. A special invi- tation to answer for our misdeeds was sent to us from the Police Court, and accordingly we attended yesterday. Bat, as very often happens in that immaculate region, no second magistrate oould be found, while no single magistrate was willing to open the proceed ings against two such atrooious criminals as we are./ Accordingly, by the mutual consent of the unfortunate Mr. Bayly and our selves, the ease was postponed till Tuesday As we bad fen oppor tunity of seeing onr valued friend, as, like an extra substantial ghost be wandered about the police office yard, seeking consolation and advice from every attorney be met, we most say that bis appear ance has considerably altered for the worse since last he feasted our eyes with a view of hisperson. We regret exceedingly that any remarks of ours should have caused that stal warth frame to bend, or that rich and glossy beard to assume the appearance of ill-out stubbie, and we must certainly blame ourselves for the fe rocious spirit which dictated tbe remarks which to all appearance inflioted so much mental anguish upon this eminent individual, that for three months he has been suffering torture which totally incapacitated him from travelling to Sydney to exaet his just retri bution. We shall endeavour to make all the atonement in our power, by giving a full, true, and particular account of the proceed ings at the police office in our next. Stealing from a Dwelling, — An old lady named Ayres, 'who bad been bandied about for several days from the watchhouse to tbe dock, and' from the dock bach again, on suspicion of having stolen a silver basket, which she had deen offering to pledge at the pawnbroking establishment of Mr. Gregan, was discharged from custody in tbe early part of the week; but subsequently, a Mrs. Passmore, residing in Cumberland street, reported that she had lost such an artiole. and Mrs. Ayres was again arrested, and being bronght before the Bench on Thursday, was oommitted for trial. Public Meeting. — A public meeting, convened' by the Mayor, was held in the Barraek Sqnare on Wednesday last, - As several respectable parties who had been invited to preside refused, in the absence of any competent person Mr. Samuel Lyons took the chair, and not being particularly large at any time, in his novel position be looked uncommonly small. The meeting was addressed by several electors on the part of the various candidates, and by two of the aspirants — Mr. Allen, who spoke as if he did not wish to be heard, and Mr. Tburlow. At the close of tbe proceedings, the chairman bad imposed upon him the disagreeable duty of an nouncing that tbe show of hands'by an overwhelming majority was in favor of Mr. Alderman Thurlow. Colonial Tobacco.— In passing Mr. Dixson'a shop this week, we saw the finest specimen of colonial tobacco we have yet seen in the oolony. In appearanoe it certainly equals Barrett's twist ; the flavour also seemed very fine. We did not smoke any. but as far as we could perceive, it seemed so good as to make us 'wonder why 90 much should ho imported from America, when such an artiole can be produced in the colony. The brand on the keg was, 11 Norries, West Maitland Manufactory. Burglaries —Some./, time daring last Sunday,' the house ef a person named' M 'Knight, at Rushoutter's Bay, was entered while the inmates were absent, and plundered of four pounds in silver money. The burglars were evidently not very expert, for they left a watch and several articles of value in the same room, untouched. —On the same day, the bouse of a man named Walters, at O'Con nell Town, was entered through a hole made near the fire-place by the removal of some bricks, and robbed of several articles of small value. Where was the Mayor on Wednesday last ?— Some said that be had gone to Government House to consult with tbe Execu tive about the best positions in which to place the military on Mon- day next, in case of any assault being made on hiB gentle and amiable partizans who, are employed in bullying and annoying the citizens; others saii that be was calculating how many votes his donation of five pounds had secured him, and bow many more might be considered as bagged by the promise of an additional sum of twenty pounds ; others said that be was in the " store," selecting . the wines and spirits. for tbe luncheon which he intends to give after the election, (if he should ohanee to be successful) ; others said that he was at th'at same place, but that he was employed in assisting his friend to. bolster up bis defence against a certain charge; while'spme'were bold enough to assert, that flattered and pampered as he has been, yet he bad suffioient consciousness of his own demerits, sufficient modesty left, to induce him to refrain from presuming to meet the citizens whom he had so grossly insulted and outraged. And we are rather inclined to support this latter supposition, for we think that he did not dart to come forward and listen to the expression of public opinion. , Breach op the Police Act, -Mr. Dyer, the draper, of Pitt- street, was yesterday fined 20s. and oosts, for having a flag flying from his baloohy, and not removing it when ordered by Mr. Stubbs. The magistrate expressed his . intention of inflicting the highest penalty allowed in all future oharges of this nature which might be brought befere him. Highway Robbsrihs. — About one o'clock on Saturday morning a man named Smith, a resident of Brisbane Water, being in that delightful region known as Durand's Alley, was met hy two men who knocked him down and took from him four one-pound notes, with which they made good their escape. — On the same morning; a saHor was stopped by five or six men oh the race coarse, and robbed of two one- pound notes and some silver. ' Crown Lands.— -Last week, Mr. Si H. Pierce prosecuted two , individuals named Francis and Albert for an unlawful occupation of certain Crown lands in tbe parish of Willonghby. They were fined in the sum of 20s. each with oosts, and ordered to ieave the ground in a month, in default of tbe payment of the fine to be Im prisoned fourteen days. — On Monday, a family named Frost, in- olndlnor a father and two none, nlnadnd omiltv to a nharon of hnvlno destroyed Government timber by shipping the bark from it. As the sons were minors they were discharged ; but the father was sentenoed to pay a fine of 40?. for the offence, 40s, damage, and 7s. 6d. coats; in default, to be imprisoned for one month. s Louts Phillippb. — By way of California, we have English news a few days later than by arrivals direot ; but tbe only item of any importanoe is the death of Louis Phillippe, ex King of the French, California.— The Artemisia brings San Franoisco newspapers to the 24th Ootdber. The weather continued very fine, but tbe rains were daily expected, and tbe mining season was considered to be at an end. Tbe quantity of gold obtained was very large, hut the average obtained by individuals was small. As .a not in significant symptom, we notice that the number of persons who left San Frapoisco in the quartar ending October 1st, exceed those that arrived by some hundreds. Some oases of Asiatic cholera bad oc curred, and oaused considerable alarm. It first broke out in a vessel which arrived.fropi, Panama, where the disease has been raging for some time. . California had been admitted into the Union (making the thirty-first state) on the 7th September, by a majority of 150 to 57. . The event was to be celebrated by a grand festival on the 29th October. News from New York to the iQih September bad been received. The appointments of President FiUltnore appear to" have been, oousldbred Judicious. Professor Webster was hanged for the' murder of Dr. Parkman, on the 30th August. — Herald . Scotch Mechanics. — What have evening hours done for mecha nics who had only ten hours toil ? Wbat in the moral, what in the religious, what in the soientific world? Harben to mere facts. One ol the best editors of the Westminster Review could ever boast, and. ono of the most brilliant writers of the passing hour, was a cooper in aberdeen ; one of tbe editors of a London daily journal was a baker in Elgin.- Perhaps, the best reporter in the Times was a weaver in Edinburgh. The editor of tbe Witness was a stone mason. One of the ablest ministers in London was a blacksmith in Dandee; another was a watchmaker in Banff. The late Dr. Kylne, of China, was a herd boy in Rh'ynie ; the Principal of the London Missionary Society's College, at Hong Kong, was a saddler at Huntley ; and one of tbe best missionaries tbat ever went to India was a tailor in Keith.. The leading machinist on the London and Birmingham Railway, with £700 a year, was a mechanic in Glas gow ; and, perhaps, the richest iron founder in England foas a working man in Moray. Sir James Clrrke, her Majesty's pbysioian, was a druggist in Banff. Joseph Hume was a sailor first, and then a laborer at the pestle and mortar, at Montrose. Mr. Macgregor, tbe member for Glasgow, was a poor boy in Ross-shire. James , Wilson, the member for Westbur/, waB a ploughman in Hadding ton ; and Arthur Anderson, the member for Orkney, earned his -bread by the sweat of his brow in tbe Ultima Thulo,. Flour, &c; — Fine flour rose on Monday to, £15 per ton ; se conds, £13. ' This makes a total rise of 50 per cent, during the last three weeks. The millers are offering five shillings per bushel for good wheat. The twro-pound loaf is retailed at four-pence. There is a considerable quantity of wheat, in private hands, but the holders are keeping it back in expectation ot a further rise, — Bri- t hurst Correspondent of the Herald. Robbery by a Servant.— On Wednesday morning a person named Harvey was given into the custody of tbe polioe by Mr. Nowland, the confectioner, of George street South, oharged with robbery. From the evidenae of the prosecutor, it appeared that on Tuesday night he looked a drawer in a chest of drawers in the parlour, and took the key up stairs to his wife. On the following morning very early, be went into the. room, and to his great astonishment found the prisoner there before him. standing in. front of the chest of drawers, the drawer of which was open, and while the prisoner had ono hand ia a bag containing money the other was in his pooket. A constable, was sent lor, and tbe servant given- up in charge to him. On searching biua, they found 12s. lujd., 0/ l'renoh silver coin, and a key, the key corresponding with one which was lost by Mr. Nowland some time since, and tbe foreign coin had been taken over the counter on tbe previous Saturday. As tbe proaeoutor could not say what amount of money was originally in tbe bag. he was not enabled to state how much was stolen. /The;, prisoner was committed for trial. x HoUaB Robbery, — On Wednesday some industrious individual contrived toemertho bouse of Mr. M'Lsran, at Potts' Point, aud ateal, from there a dressing- oase containing a gold watch, two pair of gold earrings, and other property to the value of £20 or £30. CwiUrt of Requests — New Simimgs. — Before His Honor tbe Commissioner and Messrs Beaumont and Ronald, Assessors. Harriov v. "Rimes and Fogg This was an action brought by William Harrison to recover damages for a false imprisonment to which he was subjected at tbe instance of the defendants, one of whom (Rimes) was a constable in the Sydney police, and the other a watchman. It appeared tbat on Sunday morning the 2nd of June, about two o'clock, the plaintiff, who had been visiting at a friend's house, 'returned to hisown home, when finding the inmates asleep, he was forced to knock loudly to obtain admission. While he was engaged in this very necessary duty, the defendant Rimes came up in tbat glorious state of intoxication which was equally unworthy of his dignity as a man and a constabla ; and after some conversation, which was anything but moral or polite, with the assistance of the other defendant, dragged him from the door, and forced him to accompany them to the water police watch-house, where the officer on duty had to interfere to prevent the brutal treatment which Rimes was inflicting upon his prisoner. In tbe first instance the constable preferred a charge of drunkenness. As, however, tbe watch-house keeper bad his senses about him, he perceived how unfounded that was, and on his refusing to detain the plaintiff on that cbarge. the worthy guardian of the peace im mediately shitted his ground, and said that he would confine htm for using obscqpe language. As a satisfactory proof of the condi tion in whioh the constable was at the time, it was proved that ob the following day he called at the watch house to know wbat was the nature of the complaint which he had lodged against Mr. Harrison. The faot of the imprisonment was of course easily proved, .and the violent and brutal oouduot .of the defendants (more especially of Rimes) "together with the injuries whioh the plaintiff had sustained, were fully established 6y the evidence, and corroborated by the depositions at the Water Polios Office, whioh, although they were put in by the defendant, were very important testimonies for the plaintiff. For the defence a soldier of the Eleventh, and lately a lodger in Darlinghurst Gaol, appeared to prove something which we could not welt make out. He certainfy was very willing to speak for his friend, but the great difficulty seemed to be to know how to doit, and he blundered so much that His Honor gave him a significant hint that there might be a pro bability of persuading the Governor of Her Majesty's state prison to admit him to his old quarters, A cross-examination by Mr. Redman only served to show how very unimportant wss his evi dence in any shape or form, and he left the box without doing any good or much barm to tbe cause he was anxious to befriend. The Commissioner summed up the evidence, particularly pointing out to the Assessors that although these parties had been fined at the police' office for the assault, yet as that was a fine for the public benefit, it did not preclude the plaintiff from recovering damages. ThA AaRAflftAfft fnnnf) a. VArdiftf. fni tliA tilninfiff ftaimAfseQ— Tart Guineas. Inquests.— An inquests was held some days since at Gotten's publie house, on the Newtown Road, on the view of the body of Elizabeth Rapley. From the evidence of her husband it appeared that a few days before she had gone to Wardell's bush for some fite wood. On the following morning she complained of a pain from the wrists to the shoulder, and of a sore feeliDgin the back of her hand. On Sunday the swelling which had set in abated by the use of marBh mallows, and it was not till Monday that Dr. Kirk- patrick was called in. His evidence went to prove the supposition that the deceased had died from the effects of the bite of some poisonous reptile. When he was called in it was too late to render her any assistance. She was sinkiog fast ; be could not feel the pulse or temporal artery, and scarcely the beating of the heart. Verdict — Died from the bite of a venomous reptile. — —Another inquest washed on viow ofjthe body of Terence Creden, lately in . the service of Mr. Abercrouibie, who was drowned on tbe ptevious Sunday. Toe body had been found between two rocks off Cockatoo Island, and brought to Che asylum. Verdict— Accidental death by drowning. Monsy Robbery' — A man named John Webster, and a woman the wife Of the. male prisoner, were brought before the magistrates, . oharged by a person named John Knight Carder, with having robbed hiiof four pounds. It appeared from the evidence that the prosecutor met the prisoners at Sherlock's public house, and learning from them that they were going up the country on the following morning, he said he would go with them. He then went home with them, and after they had had some drink, he went to sleep, and on awaking found that he had lost four one-pound notes and some silver. It was proved that very early that morning the male prisoner bad roused a shoemaker, and purchased from him some boots amounting to 23s,, which he paid for by giving two notes, receiving the difference. He also asked for change of another note, which could not be given. The female prisoner wa3 then discharged, and tbe male committed for trial. The case came on this week before the Quarter Sessions,- when the jury found the prisoner not guilty, and he was discharged. Obtaimng Money under False Pretences. — About three weeks since Mr. H. A. Graves received instructions from a person named YeomanB, at present employed in occupying the inside of Her Majesty's GaoL at Darlinghurst, to dispose of his stock-in- trade and household furniture, and having done so, in a few days after a person named Tindai called upon him, and represented that he had been Bent by YeomanB to receive the proceeds of the sale, to deposit the same in bank to the credit of Yeomans. Mr. Graves believing his story, handed him over £49 6s. lOd. However, on the 4th of the present month, it was discovered that Tindai had never been authorised to receive the money, and a warrant was immediately issued for the apprehension of Tindai. He was ac cordingly arrested on board the ship York, hound for California. Tindai when brought befbre the bench alleged that he had given the money to his apprentice Dawson to deposit in the Bank of New South Wales, and that he could be found in Parramatta, at the dwelling of his (Tindal's) mother, from whom Inspector Burrowes, who arrested the prisoner, might get the balance between the £49 6s. lOd.'and £i7 10s., which he handed over in gold. Dawson was then arrested as an accessory, and both prisoners were com mitted for trial. Tindai was allowed bail. Burglary. — About a fortnight since, the house at Battery Point, tenanted by a person named Kelly, in the employ of the Commandant of Engineers,- was broken open, and a quantity of wearing apparel, the property of Kelly, stolen from it. On Mon day last a man who gave bis name1 as Jjseph Price was appre hended by the police on suspicion of being concerned in the affair. On his person was a pair of trowsers which Kelly swore to be part of thq properly stolen on the occasion, and a search brought some other articles to light. On Tuesday tbe prisoner was brought be fore the bench, and committed. 