MR. JOHN MORGAN AND HIS TORCH, THE first number of a new work published for JOHN MORGAN Editor of the Britannia newspaper is now before us. The very flashy title of " Give us Light" is the name he has thought right to baptize the spurious bantling. If he had christened his offspring "Lead us into Darkness" no one could doubt the aptness of the name :— and, considering its parentage not a soul would question its legitimacy. For, on examination of Mr. MOR- GAN'S mystic lanthern, it will be found, that it is an opaque body composed of heterogeneous matter,in the material composition of which, the learned inventor has had recourse to very nauseous combustibles, and that he has therein introduced, by way of giving animation to the inert mass—crude falsehoods, mean inventions and debauched slanders, such as are calculated to surfeit the most voracious colonial stomachs, rabid though some of them are, in pursuit of filth. Mr. MORGAN in the preface to his work declares— " It is in no way directed against any other than the Romish Priesthood generally, and that by what he has written or may write, his only desire is to assist in putting down their arbitrary power, their most objectionable, degrading influences." and in the introduction, at the dawn of this " light," the gentle and de corous author of the work—the learn ed lamp- lighter—asserts, in relation to the Catholic Priesthood and him- self that— " No expense nor zeal, will be spared to procure, if it be possible, an earthly and everlasting punishment for the heretic who thus dares to set them and all they can do at defiance, who thus ventures to assist in undressing the old lady of Rome, and showing her up in the licentious looseness of her dishabille." He says:— " The fast dogs of the whole pack of Jesuits and unmarried saint benedicts will lead the cry." He says, that: " He shall be again anathematized from the altar and in the confessional.— The spiritual directors and charge d'afaires of the souls and bodies of men will (lie says) bring all the powers of the infallible Church to bear upon him." And then he waxes valiant, and boasts that "he defies them, one and all."—Further on this very polite commentator alleges " That the Romish priesthood are a curse,"—and " that their course is mark ed throughout the world, with tyranny, slavery, poverty, and superstition." ' In this course of low and vulgar cant the fanatical writer proceeds and uses every ribald slang please which he could hash up as a delicate morceau for the bigots to whose appetites he panders. He forgot that it was the Roman Catholic Church converted England from Paganism—and that it was Missionaries sent from Rome to England that rescued that country from Idolatry. It is quite convenient for this author of falsehoods, to forget that the Cliristian Church was cemented with the blood of the martyrs—that thirty- four Popes in regular succession after Saint PETER, became martys for the faith of JESUS CHRIST. 0 yes, the amiable and truthful Mr. MORGAN forgets all this, perhaps he forgets too, that JOHANNA SOUTH- COTE exercised 'the right of private judgment when she announced herself as pregnant with the MESSIAH. In the ninth page he gives the lie direct to his preface, and wantonly assails the religion of all Catholics. He says— " Their creed is, that blind obedience should be paid to them, and whether they order their people to bend the knee before God, Saint Peter, or Saint Thomas a Becket, or the HOLY WAFER, which the priest has consecrated, they (the Catholics) must obey and without en- quiry." I denounce this passage as iniquitous lying, and daring blasphemy— and however adverse and ill-disposed I feel to enter into newspaper polemical controversy in this colony, I shall never remain silent and hear the religion for which my fathers bled, so audaciously aspersed, The country from which I have been banished suffered all her persecutions, and underwent the ravages of plunder, rapine, famine and the sword, because her children would not yield their faith, to the lustful —merciless tyrants, who have from time to time invaded her green fields and desecrated her homes of piety and love. Poor as my privileges now are, I shall exercise them in the proud consciousness, that if they be curtailed or taken away, I shall have lost them in defending my religion from the brazen falsehoods propagated against it by this Mr. MORGAN,who is, no doubt, one of the descendants of those MERCENARIES y whom the Saxon found ever ready to aid in his cruelties upon unhappy Ireland. In the prospectus which I published of this Journal, I stated that religious, as well as civil liberty „ lvcll asC1VU11De sll0uld slinnlrl he lio my *v>«r guiding m, principle _ TOLERATION TO ALL MEN. But that " whilst I would not interfere with the creed of others, I distinctly avowed myself the advocate of Catholicity. Of that ancient faith preached and covenanted by the Redeemer, and sealed with his priceless blood, and which withstood ages of persecution. I stated that I firmly held by that doctrine, and should be ready to defend it upon all occasions. Mr. MORGAN has assailed that doctrine—but, by a cunning device —a very specious pretence, he would have it appear that it is the Priesthood, NOT the Catholic religion he attacks. I suppose lie conceived too, that the disputes now going on between the Catholics of Hobart Town a pecuniary question, aliorded him an excellent opportunity for lighting his torcli of discord —his firebrand of dissention—and disseminating his clumsy calumnies against Catholicity. But however Catholics may differ in temporal concerns, he will find the unity of faith preserved unbroken. In whatever I may say in defends mg the Catholic faith from Mr. MOR- «AN s false charges, I do not intend, in the remotest way to offend any member of the Protestant creed; I am merely acting on the defensives and intend no insult to any individual of that community. Mr. MORGAN is vague and gene-' ral as regards his accusations against die Catliolic religion, but endeavours in a pernicious way, to fasten upon the Priesthood all manner of social . vices, by means of that religion, I sliall draw bim back out of his devious wanderings And cunning devices, and keep him to the scriptures and Fathers of the Church which he pretends to believe and acknowledge —arid, having done so, Mr. MORGAN will stand before the world convicted of lies and blasphemy. The first text I shall quote is from Isaiah, lix. 21, and this inspired •writer is admitted by Protestants to have spoken of a church that was to come:—• " This is my covenant with them, saith the Lord; my spirit that is in thee, and my words that 1 have put into thy mouth, sliall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seeds' seed, saith the Lord, from henceforth and for ever. " As the Father has sent me 1 also send you," says the Lord, addressing his apostles. Again he says— " Ail power is given to me in heaven and on earth; go ye therefore and teach till nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching tliem to observe nil things whatsoever 1 have commanded you i—and Io! lam with you always even to the consummation of the world." —Matthewxxviii. 18, 19, 20. In this passage Christ declares that the power given to him by the Father he communicated to his appostles—which power they communicated to their representatives on earth. Saint Paul, writing to Timothy, says:— " The church of the living God is the pillar and ground of truth." And tiur Saviour says— He that heareth you, hearetli me, mud he that despiseth you despiseth me, and he that despiseth me despiseth Him that sent me."—Luke x. 16. Saint John says— " He that kuowetli God, heareth us, he that is not of God, heareth us not, by this we know the spirit of truth and the spirit of error." In Mark xvi. 15 & 16 we find— " He saith unto them, go ye iuto the whole world, and preach the gospel to every creature. He that helieveth and is baptized, shall be saved; but lie that believetli not shall be condemned." And our Lord says emphatically-— " He that will not hear the Church, let him be to thee as the heathen and the publican. In Hebrews xiii. 17. we read— " Obey your prelates, for they watch as being to render an account of your souls." And pray, Mr. MORGAN, how can bishops be accountable for our souls, if we do not make them our guides? " Ye are the light of the world,"— " Yeare the saltof the earth."—" Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth, shall he bound in heaven." &c.;— Is it not evident from these texts of Scripture that Christ intended to bind mankind in obedience to his Church ? and yet Mr. MORGAN vents his malicious spleen by sneering at all Catholics who obey their Priesthood, and that Church whose ministers they are. In this, Mr. MORGAN reminds one> of his great prototype, MARTIN LUTHER. That famous personage in one of his sallies of rage, says : " The apostles were great sinners, ignorant men, and precious rogues—even Paul himself, (he says) was not sure of his doctrine, and often doubted whether he preached the truth or not." He calls St JEROME a Heretic— St. CHRYSOSTOM aprattlei—and ridiculing the intercession of Saints, he is nearly as blasphemous as MOR- GAN—for he says—" I beseech you, Oh! my dear little Devil, that you intercede with GOD for me ; my dear little Devil pray to GOD for me." The same LUTHER acknowledges the following authorities: — The first is IR/ENEOUS, a father of the Latin Church, who lived in the second century:— " Things being thus made plain, (he alludes to the doctrine of the apostles) it is not from others, that truth is to be sought which is easily learned from the Church.—For to this church, as iuto a rich repository, the apostles committed whatever is dirine truth; that each one, if so inclined, might thence draw the drink of life. This is the way of life; all other teachers must be shunned as thieves and robbers. For what?—Should there be any dispute on a point of small moment, mut not recourse be had to the most ancient Church, where the apostles resided, and from them called the truth." And again— " It is a duty to obey the Priests of the Church who hold their succession from the apostles, and who, with thai succession, received agreeably to the will of the Father, the sure pledge of truth; but as to those who belong not to that leading succession they may be united they should be inspected, either as heretics, or schismatics, proudly extolling and pleasing themselves, or as hypocrites, actuated by vain glory or the love of lucre. But they who impugn the truth, and excite others to oppose the Church of God their faith is with Dathau and Abraham; while schismatics who violate the Church unity experience the punishment which fell on King Jeroboam." St. CLEMENT of Alexandria one of the Greek fathers says: " Those who seek may find the truth, and clearly' learn from the scriptures themselves, in what manner heretics have gone astray, and on the contrary, in what manner accurate knowledge and the right doctrine are to be found in the true and ancient church only. He ceases to be faithful to the Lord, who revolts against the received doctrines of the Cliurcb, to enhance the opinions of heretics.—Heretics make use indeed of the SeriptiiffeS ; buttheyuse not all the sacred books ; those they use are corrupted, or they chiefly urge ambiguous passages.— They corrupt those truths which agree with the inspired word, and were delivered by the holy Apostles and teachers, opposing the divine tradition by human doctrines that they may establish their heresy.—But it-is clear from what has been said, that there is only one true Church, which alone is ancient and there is but one God and one Lord.' Mr. MORGAN states that the number before us is only one of a series, and I have much more to put forward in refutation of his trumped up fabrications, I shall for the present conclude, but sliall resume my defence weekly, so long as Mr. MOR- GAN'S foul attacks get publicity. 26th April, 1850. P.'O'D. 