ENGLISH EXTRACTS. [From the " Liverpool Chronicle."] The Arctic Expedition The Rev. Dr. Scoresby, who, as many of our readers will remember, had extensive experience in the Arctic regions before he entered the church, delivered an address at Whitby, at which he expressed very confident hopes of the safety of Sir John Franklin and his companions, grounding them upon the considerations that it was not likely some little band out of 140 scientific and hardy men should not have made their way, had there been a catastrophe, within the range of some fishing station and that, had the vessels been destroyed in the interior fees, the very bodies of ice would afford platforms for escape and because, supposing no catastrophe, they might, just the same as Sir J. Ross, remain sealed up and unheard of for a like period, and yet be safe. The probability, too, was, though he would receive the details with doubt, that the general story of the Esquimaux is true, from the accuracy of their delineations of localities. The season was, no doubt, wearing away, but there was still time for ships or boats behind the Enterprise and Investigator to get out even within the time or stay of the residue of the whalers. He thought one of the returned whalers should be sent out with supplies to winter at Disco. A grand source of hope was in the mercy and goodness of Divine Provi- dence, which had worked such wonders in the case of other adventurers, and there were those amongst our absent countrymen who were God- fearing men, the commander being eminently so. Sir John Richardson, in his official account of the proceedings of his own overland expedition, gives the following opinion as to the resources of Sir John Franklin in case of provisions falling short "Deer migrate over the ice in the spring from the main shore to Victoria and Wollaston kinds in large herds, and return in the autumn. These lands are also the breeding places of vast flocks of snow geese; so that, with ordinary skill in hunting, a large supply of food might he procured on their shores in the months of June, July, and August. Seats are also numerous in those seas, and are easily shot their curiosity rendering them a ready prey to a boat party. In these ways and by fishing, the stock of provisions might be greatly augmented. And we have the recent example of Mr. Rae, who passed a severe winter on the very barren shores of Repulse Bay, with no other fuel than the withered tufts of a herbaceous andromeda, and maintained a numerous party on the spoils of the chase alone for a whole year. Such instances forbid us to lose hope. Should Sir John Franklin's provisions become so far reduced as to be inadequate to a winter's consumption, it is not likely that he would remain longer by his ships, but rather in one body, or in several, the officers and crews, with boats cut down so as to be light enough to drag over the ice, or built expressly for that purpose, would endeavour to make their way eastward to Lancaster Sound, or southwards to the main land, according to the longitude in which the ships were arrested." Captain Sir James Ross has published a full report of the proceedings of her Majesty's ships Enterprise and Investigator, under his command, between the date of his last despatch to the Secretary of the Admiralty, from Uppernavik, in July 1848, and the arrival of the expedition off Scarborough, on the 3rd instant. The report, however, contains nothing of importance which has not already been made public, but merely details minutely the course of the expedition. American offer to Jenny Lind.- Mr. P. T. Barnum, in reference to an offer made to Jenny Lind says :-" I understand, and believe, that Mr. Knowles, manager of the Manchester Theatre, who engaged Jenny Lind to sing in the provincial towns of Great Britian, paid her £400 sterling per night. I understood, also, that it was no unusual thing for Mr. Lumley, director of the Queen's Opera in London, to receive £1800 to £2000 sterling on Jenny's nights. It is absurd, therefore, to suppose that I could expect to engage her 200 nights for 50.000 dollars-only 250 dollars per night. Now, the truth is, I have offered her more than four times that amount per night, besides paying the expenses from Stockholm, and, during the engagements of herself and a companion, a financier, (probably her father) and two servants, besides placing a carriage always at her disposal, and paying every description of expense attending the concerts or operas in which she may sing and I have offered to place £10,000 sterling in the hands of her bankers in London, to secure the fulfilment of my proposition. I am by no means certain of her coming, even at the offer made; but if any gentlemen suppose there is " gammon" in this business, and that a less compensation would induce her to visit America, I hereby pledge my honour to sign bonds to any amount, when- ever called upon, to give any person 50 dollars for every 100 dollars par night that he will obtain her services forme less than 1000 dollars per night, besides all the expenses before named. Mr. Robert Stephenson's Plan for Roaring Spring Water for London. The Morning Chronicle of Wednesday contains the following reference to a subject not less important to Liverpool than to London c-Mr. Robert Stephenson's two reports of 1840 and 1841, on the means of obtaining a better supply of pure water for the metropolis, have been just re- issued. The importance of the subject, at the present moment, gives additional interest to these documents, especially when it is considered that the views of the eminent author have, after the lapse of of between nine and ten years, undergone no material modification. Lengthened experience upon the works of the London and Birmingham Railway, and a careful induction of numerous facts, subsequently led Mr. Stephenson to the conclusion that the chalk is the great water-bearing stratum under- lying the London clay, and from which all the artesian wells, directly or indirectly, draw their supplies; and that, below the level of its natural drainage of the country, the chalk is charged with an enormous quantity of water, which may be obtained with extraordinary facility, by pumping. He then establishes the fact that there exists no difficulty either in deriving a supply of pure water from the springs of the chalk near Watford, or in conveying it thence to London. The advantages of obtaining a supply from this source consist, in the words of the distinguished author, in having spring water, already naturally filtered, in preference to that which has been drained, from a portion of the earth's surface is in making use of that enormous reservoir which nature has supplied us with in the chalk, and in effecting this at a spot where no existing interests can be injured; and in a situation whence the supply to London may he conveyed with facility and economy, at a sufficient eleva- tion to satisfy the demands of the highest parts of the metropolis. Numerous towns are mentioned in proof of an abundant supply being derived from wells sunk in districts occupied by chalk. These reports can scarcely fail to attract the serious attention of Parliament in the ensuing session, when the several water hills affecting the metropolis will come under consideration." ' '* e . Stock Exchange Fraud Great excitement had prevailed on the stock exchange, London, last week, in consequence of the discovery that a fraud had been committed to a serious amount by a person who has been for some time standing in the double capacity of an enrolled member of the house, and the authorised clerk of a highly respectable member. It appears that the latter gentleman has, in consequence of bad health, been for some time resident on the continent, and the defaulter, in his absence, had entered into extensive speculations in his name without his authority. These speculations had led to a large loss in differences on the consol account, that he had no resources to meet, and being aware of this, in the course of the 12th, by various fraudulent devices he is supposed to have got possession of nearly £10,000 in crash, with which he has absconded. The amount of the regular defalcations, supposing they had been fairly met has been variously stated from £10,000 to upwards of £20,000; but the accounts are so complicated that it will be a day or two before the real deficit is ascertained. Amongst other means to get possession of ready money, a large amount, approaching near to £500, was overdrawn on the employer's bankers. The committee of the stock exchange have posted the employer as a defaulter; but from all that has transpired of the circumstances, it is more than probable that his liability will become matter of dispute. Some of the schemes had recourse to by the clerk to obtain money were very ingenious. One of them was, that, professing to have money to lend on stock, he made advances, leaving a margin of four to five per cent, below the market price, and immediately after sold the stock for bank notes, by which means he pocketed the difference, leaving the borrower of the money in the lurch to that amount. Daniel Forester has been despatched after the delinquent, who it is presumed had previously laid his plans for a speedy exit to the continent. Economy of Eggs. Some very interesting experiments relative to the production of eggs were made about ten years ago by Mouat, of Stoke, near Guildford. He obtained three pullets of the Polish breed, on the 1st Dec., 1835, which had been hatched in June previous, and they commenced laying on the 15th of the same month. They laid from the 1st Dec, 1835, to the 1st December, 1836, between them, 524. During the year they consumed three bushels of barley, seventeen pounds of rice, and a small portion of barley meal and peas, the cost of which amounted to about 16s. 10d. The number of eggs being 524, gives about 31 eggs per every shilling expended, and, assuming the weight of each egg to be one and a quarter ounce, we have a result of forty-one pounds of the most nutritious food that can possiblybeprocuredat the low coat of4jd per pound; or if these eggs were instead of being consumed, sold to a retailer, a profit of about 100 per cent, accrued to the producer. Out of 72,000,000 eggs annually imported into England from France, Germany, the Netherlands, and other countries, France contributes 55,000,000. Calculating the first cost at 4d per dozen, England pays annually to France for eggs about £77,000. Scientific Deslructiveness.-Commander Jerningham is concentrating the broadside of the Leander. The object of this is to ensure the ' certainty of delivering the first broadside with the most deadly effect ; the whole of the guns should be fired simultaneously, or the smoke from a single gun would obscure the object at the moment the others are to fire and after the smoke has rendered everything invisible from between decks, the only chance of getting a sight of the enemy is from the upper deck, or aloft, as long as the masts are left standing. Captain Jemingham's plan, therefore, which was satisfactorily proved on board the Wellesley in India and China, in 1837, and on board the Excellent in 1847, is one that may be adopted in every ship without any additional fittings, and that in a few hours. The guns may be brought into position to cover a horizontal line varying in length from one inch to fifty feet, at any distance up to six thousand yards within the angle of training of the gun, in the ports, and the fire repeated with the same precision and rapidity as is now done with the single guns. National Freehold Land Society A. meeting was held at the London Tavern, on Monday evening, in furtherance of the objects of this society. Mr. S. Morley having been voted to the chair, opened the business of the evening in a few observations relating to the society. Mr. Cobden then presented himself for the purpose of moving the first resolution, which he did in these terms:-" That the freehold land movement, adapted as it is to the various positions and circumstances of all classes of the people, is calculated to improve the parliamentary representation of the country." The honorable gentleman spoke at some length, and was loudly cheered. He said he wanted to infuse the practical sense of the people into the government, in order to prevent the latter's profligate expenditure of the public money. He saw no way of doing this but by increasing the number of voters, and there was no other mode of proceeding but by the purchase of 40s. freeholds. -- The resolution having been seconded by Mr. W. A. Wilkinson was car- ried A second resolution, moved by Mr. C. Gilpin, and seconded by Mr. W. J. Hall, declared that the movement was calculated to improve the social and moral condition of the working classes Mr. John Capel spoke in support of this resolution, which was also carried unanimously and with a vote of thanks to the chairman, moved by Mr. Cobden, the meeting terminated. Awful Catastrophe near Kilrush On Wednesday week from four to five hundred paupers attended at the Kilrush union, in order to seek either admittance to the work-house or out-door relief. But alas I their supplications were fruitless, and after spending the day (a most inclement one) in a miserable state of suffering, they were obliged, when evening came to return unrelieved to their homes, some of these being from eight to ten miles distant from Kil- rush. Within two miles of this town there is a ferry about 200 yards wide, over which a number of these starving creatures were obliged to cross. Too many crowded into the boat and she sunk on the passage, when about forty men, women, and children perished, five only being saved Up to Thursday morning there had been thirty-one bodies recovered, and many are still missing. Language fails to describe the sad state of this doomed union. The guardians have neither funds nor credit, and are in debt £18,000. There are 13,000 paupers actually starving. Liverpool. - An Irishman's Wallet. On Saturday, November 17th, a native of the " sister isle" appeared before the magistrates, to complain of being robbed of his provisions. He related his case in a very amusing style, saying, that he came across from Waterford in the William Penn, steamer, and that while flit- ting near the engine, a bag was taken from him which contained all he had to eat on the voyage. In reply to a question as to whether the prisoner was the guilty party, he said he knew right well, and in order to place the identity beyond doubt, he cut a piece out of the tail of his coat, that he might seek him. Pat then described the dainty repast enclosed in his bag, the loss of which seemed to give him the greatest uneasiness. " It comprised," said he, " two pigs' knees, two pigs' feet, half a pound of butter, and some apples." (Laughter.) In order to give occular demonstration of the splendid banquet he had described, he held up for the inspection of the best two of the bones of the pigs' knees, which had been most completely polished by his ruthless persecutor. The prisoner was remanded. Awful Fatality in a Family, - About two years ago a boy, named Jones, in the employment of Mr. Robert Grier, of Quatsford, near this town, was sent to lead a horse, and it is supposed that he tied the halter round his waist. The horse took fright and ran away, dragging the poor fellow after him, galloping across a hop-yard, jumping two gates, and killing the boy instantly. About six weeks ago a brother of this lad was killed by falling down among a. team of horses and the waggon wheel passing over his head, leaving a wife and two children to lament his death. Another brother was taking a lot of turkeys here in a cart on Tuesday, when they made a noise which startled the horse, and he gallopped off. The boy, in endeavouring to stop bra, was knocked down by th J shaft of the cart. The wheel), going over his chest and head, killed him on the spot. Thus three fatal accidents of a similar nature have occurred to three brothers within two years. It is but justice to say that they were all honest still, industrious young men. Unfeeling Imposition-About twelve months ago a native of the town of Wexford emigrated from this port for America. He was extremely poor, and found much difficulty in raising sufficient funds to pay his passage, his poverty compelling him to leave his wife and children behind him. Fortune, however, smiled on the poor emigrant on the other side of the Atlantic, and he was enabled, about a month since, to remit a sum of £9 to his wife and family, with a view that they should join him in America. This sum was insufficient to enable the entire family to emigrate ; consequently, one of the children was left behind, and the mother and two other children came to this port, and secured a passage on board an emigrant ship. Friend- less and unprotected, the poor woman placed herself in the hands of a " man-catcher," who keeps a lodging-house in Regent-street. After paying her passage-money and purchasing the provisions necessary for the voyage, through the agency of the man- catcher, the poor woman had 103. left. Her agent was aware of this; and, on the eve of her departure from his house, he requested her to accompany him into the street, as her presence was required on business connected with the voyage. The woman complied with the request and immediately after leaving the house, she was asked " How much money have you ? " Ten shillings," was the reply. In a moment after she was introduced to the shop of a fireman. She was desired to hand over the 10s., which she did. Tina for that amount were then ordered by the man catcher (although they were of no earthly use to the woman), and promptly supplied by the shopman. She was then conducted on board the vessel in which she had engaged her passage, without a penny in her pocket. A little reflection convinced the poor woman that she had been victimised ; the tins she had got for 10s, turned out not to be worth half the money and on making her complaint to a police-officer, who was unable to interfere, but who expressed his sympathy for her misfortune, she naively remarked, " that (amongst other articles the man-catcher had bought her a lantern, but had not left her a farthing to buy a candle to put in it." A commission of 25 per cent, is allowed to this class of persons by a certain class of shopkeepers on the articles purchased in their shops by emigrants. Great Educational Meeting in Manchester On Wednesday the friends of the system of un sectarian education, propounded by the Lancashire Public School Association, assembled in Manchester, from all parts of the country, for the purpose of natural consultation as to the best means of prosecuting the objects of the association. A conference was held during the day in the lecture-hall of the Mechanics' Institution, at which Alexander Henry, Esq., M.P. for the southern division of the county, and president of the association, presided. The attendance was very numerous, and the utmost unanimity prevailed. Various gentlemen from different parts of the country gave addresses on the state of education in their localities, and a general resolution was come to, recommend ing that branch societies be established all over the kingdom, and that an earnest agitation be commenced with the view of accomplishing for the nation the establishment of a system of education, supported by local rates, and under local management, in which all parties in religion may conscientiously concur. The great demonstration, however, took place in the evening. The magnificent area and galleries of the Free Trade Hall were crowded with an eager and enthusiastic audience, and about half a past seven the chair was taken again by the president, Alexander Henry, Esq., M.P., and the platform around him was filled with gentlemen devoted to the cause. The assemblage reminded us of the brilliant meetings which used to be held in the same place during the great and triumphant struggle for food for the body, and the augury it afforded of a similar issue to this glorious struggle for ailment for the mind, was seized with masterly skill by W. J. Fox, whose Majestic eloquence rose to the occasion and excited the audience to a degree of fervour and responsive emotion we have never seen surpassed. The speeches of Mr. Milner Gibson, Mr. Fox, and Mr. Simpson, of 1 Edinburgh, the veteran educationist, will no doubt be published by the association. The Tory Magazines and Protection. While the great Tory magazine of the north raves for protection, its southern Tory rival Fraser's Magazine -in its current number fairly gives up the false doctrine. " Who does not see," says Fraser, " that the cry for protection is, in the mouth of the great bulk of its utterers, but a cry for agricultural protection that is to say, for the shutting out of food from the starving millions of a country that does not produce enough for its own subsist- ence? Who does not see that its advocates are full in fact, of all the worst elements of selfish- ness and mammon worship." This is a home thrust. " A house divided against itself cannot stand." Life The casualties of this world come on like waves, one succeeding the other. We may escape the heavy roll of the mighty ocean, and be wrecked in the still smooth waters of the land-locked bay. We dread the storm and the hurricane, and forget how many have perished within sight of shore. What Can be Develin the short space of two years and two months the Birmingham Freehold Land Society has made 800 of its members freeholders Another Letter from Sir Robert Peel, We extract from the Norwich News the following letter, addressed by Sir R. Peel to Mr. G. Gower, of Smallburgh, in reply to a question put by that gentleman on public grounds, in reference to the application of the 20 per cent, set apart to his tenantry by the right hon. baronet's will with pleasure answer the question which you put to me. My tenants quite understand that the 20 per cent, of the current year's rent is to be applied in each case a most beneficial to the farm.' Draining, the removal of useless fences, and the preserva- tion of man are, were named as entitled to preference, from a conviction on my part that such improvement, when required, are more for the real benefit of a tenant than any other. They have also the advantage of employing labour. There are cases on this estate on which, so far as concerns draining and fences, such improvements have been already made. In those cases the tenant is equally to have the full benefit of the 20 per cent allowance. I hope he will agree with me, that the first object for his interest should be to provide effectually against waste of that manure which is made upon the farm that being done, there will not be the slightest objection on my part to apply the balance to the purchase of other manures. -I am, Sir, your obedient servant, ROBERT PEEL Drayton Manor, Jan. 7." A Welsh Ghost Story A droll circumstance lately occurred at a farm house in Kil kan, near Mold. The landlord had left a bailiff in possession of the furniture and out- door stocks, for rent arrears. The man of law put his son, a green lad, as his deputy. The latter being inordinately afraid of ghosts, which circumstance, as the sequel proved, was known to the " distressed farmer. The young bailiff was put to sleep in the same bed with the farmer's son, and the moon being about the full, the bedroom was tolerably light. They had not long been in bed before there was a terrible clanking of chains, with groans and other " eldritch" sounds heard on the stairs and landing. The farmer's son exclaimed, " 0 Lord I the ghost, the ghost I" He jumped out of bed, followed by the young bailiff in a frenzy terror, seized him round the waist for protection against the spiritual intruder, which stalked into the room in propria persona, arrayed in dazzling white. He soon departed, however, leaving the two youths in possession of the field ; but when they were about to step into the bed again, To 1 it vanished as appeared in the train of the ghost. Not only that, but the whole of the furniture and out-door stock seemed to have likewise followed the same track, and the landlord's claims for rent were met by an empty house Carnarvon Herald. FRANCE.-The scene which took place on Wednesday, in the Assembly, led to two duels on Thursday morning. The first was between MM. Drives and Berard, and the second between M. Segur d'Aguesseau and Bertholon. In both cases, pistols were the arms chosen, but no injury was done on either side, and the belligerents afterwards appeared in the Assembly, as if nothing had occurred. A duel was fought, on Saturday, between M. Pierre Bonaparte and the Duke of Rovigo, editor of the Legitimist journal Corsairs. The police having interfered, prevented the meeting in the morning ; but, in the afternoon, they repaired to the wood of Boulogne, where the duel took place. The weapon chosen was the sabre. M. Bonaparte was slightly wounded in the hand and breast. He, however, succeeded in dis- arming his adversary, who asked to continue the combat with small swords. To this the seconds of M. Bonaparte objected, and proposed pistols. But an understanding having been come to by the friends of both parties, a declaration was signed, and they left the ground. Another duel took place, on Sunday, in a field near the railroad station at St. Germain, between M. Pierre Bonaparte and M. Adrien de la Valetta, principal editor of the Aisemblce Nationale. This meeting arose out of a letter of M. Pierre Bonaparte to M. de la Valette, on the subject of an article which appeared in his journal, of which he was not the author, but of which he had assumed the responsibility. The terms of the letter being considered insulting, M. de la Valetta demanded satisfaction of M. Bonaparte. After firing a shot each, at twenty paces, the affair was declared terminated, and the parties left the ground. In consequence of these frequent duels, arising out of debates in the Assembly, it is said the Attorney-General will demand authority to prosecute. 2 he Customs The Moniteur publishes the returns of the Customs' receipts during the ten months of 1849, ending on the 1st ult., which amounted to f 106,639,568, showing a diminu- tion, as compared with those of the corresponding period of 1847, of f 5,242,815, and an augmentation over 1848, of f 35,723,765. The number of vessels which entered the harbours of France during those ten months was 13,394, measuring 1,667,597tons; namely 646 French vessels, measuring 736,544 tons, and 6933 foreign, measuring 921,055 tons. The number of vessels in 1847 amounted to 18,365, and the tonnage to 2,388,922 tons ; namely, 6642 French vessels, measuring 772,201 tons, and 11,723 foreign, measuring 1,616,721 tons. The number of vessels which sailed from the harbours of France in 1849, during the same period, was 11,836, measuring 1,267,375 tons; namely, 5970 French vessels, measuring 052,984 tons, and 5866 foreign, measuring 614,391 tons. In 1847, 11,659 vessels, measuring 1,305,841 tons, had cleared out ; namely, 5050 French vessels, measuring 582,222 tons, and 6619 foreign, measuring 723,619 tons. Coralie: a Wreck of the Revolution The Paris correspondent of the Atlas says- the death of Mad'llo V-, known by the name of Coralie, an actress of one of the smaller theatres of the Boulevard, has been the means of bringing to light one of those domestic dramas which abounded amid all the other mysteries de Paris. In consequence of the death of her parents, the poor girl had at an early stage been thrown upon the tender care of an aged grandmother, whose blunted faculties, stunned by the Revolution of 1830 had never been able to comprehend the exile of the Bourbons, nor the sudden downfall of her own fortunes, which had reduced her from a brilliant existence about the person of " madame" to the seeking a livelihood through her own resources. It would appear that nothing had been saved from the wreck ; no provision made against such unexpected misfortune. The old countess seemed to seek for aid, and gradually sold every article of luxury, every token of her former splendour, in order to procure an existence for herself and grand- child, always with the belief that the misery was but for a moment, and that " madame " was "en bourne" and would soon return. The child, who had, it appears, manifested a great i talent for music, had however attracted the attention of the porter of the house where the countess resided, and who, aware of the great straits to which the family were reduced and the delusion under which the grandmother was labouring, good- naturedly succeeded in interesting another lodger in the child's favour. This man was then stage-manager of the Petit Lazare, the lowest theatre in Paris, and here, unknown to the old countess, did she make her debut as a drummer-boy in one of those military pieces the delight of the lower orders. From that hour has the girl been the whole and sole support of her grandmother and herself, the former never dreaming from whence arose the comparative ease and comfort which surrounded her, and verily believing that it came from the souvenir and bounty of " madame." They say that it was a sight calculated to meet the most stony heart to witness the joy and pride of the old woman when she beheld her child attired in all her stage trappings, her travels, and her spangles, in the belief that she had been summoned to the Tuileries, to attend the pattinues of "mademoiselle," for to her the daughter of the Duc de Berry had remained still the child she had left her in 1830 and what was more mysterious still, the fancy and the pious inven- tion with which poor Coralie would describe the visit to royalty on her return to their humble garret after the evening's performance. Such a scene as this gives more hope in human nature than all the lessons which philosophy has ever breathed. 