QUIcK Wonr.-Lately, in the north of Devon, the following remarkable occur rence took place :-A lady was baptised in tihe morning at nine, confirmed at ten, and married at eleven o'clock in the same day. INFASISIIAN FOR MISSISES. - For a missis ta tell when a servant lass hez a sweetheart, shool find at shool fetch twice as menny coils intut hause after its dark as shoo will alit day time.-Barnsley Almanack. TuiE INTEGRITY Or FGURES.--" Fi gures don't lie," eh ! Well, we've got a note on an Ohio bank that promises to pay on demand "one dollar," and they won't give us but forty cents for it. If figures don't lie, wh . does? FRENCIt "bIRITs."-A French gentle man who had heard rum called spirits, went into a hotel, a few days since, and called for a glass of punch, requesting at the same time that it should be made with "Ghosts from the Vest Indies." A CoaMMoN CA?s STILL.-" I never knew any man," says an old author, " who could not bear another's misfor tunes perfectly like a Christian ;" which reminds us of the old lady who thought every calamity that happened to her friends a judqment. INDIAN RETORT.- An Indian com plained to a retailer that the pr ice of li quor was too high. The latter in justifi cation said that it cost as much to keep a hogshead of brandy as to keep a cow. The Indian replied, " May be he drink as much water, but he no eat so much hay." YANKCEE P SSION FOR "TItADIO."-The MIona's Herald contains an extract from a letter written by an Englishman in America to a friend in the Isle of M.an: -' On board the steamer at St. Louis, a young Missourian took a fancy for my printed cotton shirt, and asked would I swop. A tra, e was struck-I receiving his shirt, with three rattlesnakes' rattles, a water melon, and a recipe for the whooping-cough, for mine. The coveted shirt was transferred from my back to his-he remarking that it was well aired ; which was the case, as I had worn it a week."-Weekly News. SINGULAR INSTA.CCE OF CLAIRVOYANCE. -There are sad wags, apparently, in Preston. We are informed, by our con temporary, of one of the number, a bugle- player, who went the other day to a famous clairvoyancer in the "proud" town, and told him that his bugle had vanished from home; could he say where it had gone? The astrologer, after a consultation with the man in the moon, said the instrument was in Man chester; and he could restore it for a fee. Conceive the look of the rogue of a clairvoyancer when the wag pulled the bugle out of his greatcoat pocket and showed it to him. A Morneia's DEvorrto.-There was one incident connected with this escar amuza which was a source of deep regret to us. The wife and daughter of the commanding officer had, very impru dently, been on a visit to the encamp ment. When the attack commenced they were sleeping in a hut and immediately fied; but the child, a little girl of ten years, had been grazed by a ball in the foot and told her mother that the peebles hurt her feet. The kind but unfortunate woman ran back, in the thickest of the fire, for the child's shoes, and, upon re turning, received a mortal wound in the throat. She was found by her friends and died the following iay.-Los Griu gos. LtNm aND an Tl Ci?oL.te.-A medical gentleman has just come over from the oantinent who advocates the wearing of linen next the person, and flannel t, he worn over the linen. This is not alto gether new. Thecholera, it has been re marked. passed very leniently over the linen districts abroad, compared with the virulency with which it visited the cot ton districts ; nor was this altogether froml the relative codilitions of such localities, for, let any one when ove.rcome wit!; lassitude of mind or hody put on a clean linen garment, and they will experience an instantaneous invigoration of the nervous system, which can only be ac counted for by the fact, that linen is one of the worst conductors of electricity. NOVEL SUVJEcT rF CONGRATULATION. It is expected that in consequence of third class carriages having been withdrawn fromn some of the trains on the York, Newcastle, and Berwick line of railway, and in consequence of third-class fares having been raised, the trade of the town of Bedford will be considerably benefited, as tile inhabitants of the districts will not so easily find the means of travelling to Berwick, Alnwich, and N:wcastle, to purchase their necessaries. 'TEl'aN-RIG1ur.- IHas a tenant any right to burn holes in the chimuey-piece (supposin, it to lie of wood , in ord r to try experiments with reference to slow combustioun?-- Has a tenant any right, in the absence of another tenant, to use that absent tenant's razor for the opening of oysters'?-Htas a tenant on the second floor any rilht to wrater the miginionette potts on the window sills, while the tenant beneath happens to have hisor her head out o' hisor her respective window? CAPITM. PCtsr?Mtis rs.-lHenry Viii. hanged 72,'' 0 persons for robbery alone, yet "Sir Thomas Moor wonders that, "while so many thieves were daily hang ed, so many still remained in the coun try, robbing in all places." Queen Elizabeth hanged more than 5"0 crimi nals in a year, vet complains bitterly that the people ,ill not carry out her laws, and was obliged to appoint stipendary magistrates to inflict these penalties. We find from Strype Ihat the people would not prosecute, and the magistrates would not act.-'Sir T. F. Buxton.' HosoURs DON'T coaNT.-We can hardly understand the great fav ur there is pre sumed to be shown in presenting a man with the " Garter " What can a person do with one garter? Man, like a music stool. does not stand upon one leg. We have always cherished the belief that gar ters, like pedestrians in a foot-race, never run less than two together. We are in clined to believe that the honour must have been originally intended for the exclusive benefit of persons with wooden legs, and who, consequently, would only require one garter.-Punch. VIRTUE REWARnED.-There is a man utp country who always pays fur his pa per in advance. He has never had a sick day in his life; never had any corns or toothache; his potatos never rot; the weevil never eats his wheat; the frost never kills his corn or beans; his babies never cry in the night, and his wife never scolds.-American paper. His Owsv CoIN.-One of the habitues of the theatre in Dublin the other eve ning, talking of female authors, said that, though they have tact, gr-ce, and finesse, they have no creative genius, and seldom produce any perfect work. " It is easy to see," said Mrs. L., the actress, "that it was a womanr who gave you birth."-Dublin Commercial Journal LosDON 11LKt.-"A London Milkman" denies in the Times " that sheep's brains are often mixed with milk." The only adulteration, be says, is by water ; but ' most respectable tradesmen sell their milk quite genuine," and others who used to add " a fifth of water," now let their customers off with "a seventh or an eighth." . A party of very respectable emigrants have left here per Queen, steamer, on their way to Australia. We regret hav ing to ol;serve that the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners have declined receiving fresh applications for a time, in consequence ot the number of candi dates still remaining on the list to be provided with passages, which is a disap pointment to those desirous of bettering their condition in a foreign land. We belive that Mr. Sutherlard, G(overnment Emigration agent, here, is daily receiv ing a pressure of applications for free passages to these colonies. 'John 0' Groat Journal. 