EVANGELICAL ANTI.STATE CHURCHES OF FRANCE. GENERAL PRINCIPLES.-A-RTICLE I. Tihe evangelical churches of France, composed of members who have made an explicit and indi vidual confession of faith, and who do not recog nise in religions matters any authority but that of Jesus Christ, the only and sovereign head of the church, do hereby unite to glorify God by manl festing the union of his children to labor for the edification of the body of Christ, andt to co operate for the extension of the kingdom of God. ARTICLE II. These churches join themselves by their faith to the churches of apostolic times, and to those of all times which have maintained Christian truth: they link themselves to the reformed churches of France which have suffered so mutch for that truth. They make with one heart and voice the follow ing profession: We believe that all scripture, both of the Old antd New Testament,* is inspired of God, and thus constitutes the only and infallible tule of faith oud life. We adore one only God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Creator of the heavens and of the earth. The Father, in his infinite and eternal com passion, when we were altogether lost, in conse queiece of the disobedience of Adam, anti jnstly condemned on account of our sins, so loved the world. that Ihe gave his only Son. Thei Son, " the Word which was in the ie ginnitng with God," and who was veritably " God over all blessed for ever," became veritably ltan, "God mcenifest in the flesh." Jesus Christ is the only mediator between God and imen. He has completely redeemed is from eternal condelnna tion by his death upon the cross, having offered himself to God for itus as an oblation and a sacri fice of sweet savoulr. Delivered for ollr offetlces, he was raised for our justifieatiotn. He has as cended to heaven, anti is seated on tile right hand of God, a here lie intercedes for us. The Holy Spirit, whom the Son hiath sent in behalf of the Father, regenerates the redeemed "elect according to tie foreknowledge of God." He dwells in them, lie ?itses them to progress in the knowledge of the Word and in holintess, with * We'reject, as foreign to the Scriptures, the book known as the Apocrypha. oat which none shall see the Lord. Ho is given to all who seek him. It is through him that Jesus Christ directs and governs the church, wnicih is his spouse and his body. Jesus Christ calls all men to repentance, saving fully, freely, and without any merit whllich per tains to them, all those who believe on his name, and who come to God by him. We wait for the Lord Jeanss from heaven, who will return and Introduce to us his glory. He will raise the dead, will judge the world with justlce, and will render to every man according to hifs deeds. This is the common faith of our churches. WVe will make every effort to propagate it. At the same time we extend a fraternal hand to all those who, in whatever place, and under whatever de nomination, love the Lord Jesus and call on him in sincerity, and we regard them as members of the church universal. To the Father who hath loved us, to the Son who hath washed us from our sins in his blood, and to the Holy Spirit, our Comforter, be praise anti glory for ever I-Amen. OF CHURCIIEB.-ARTICLI III. Each church which enters into the Union re serves the liberty to determine for itself its own constitution, according to its light and its wants. It will regulate, therefore, its worship, its discip line, and the form if its internal government. ARTICLB 1V. Any church, ii order to enter the Union, shall, 1\. Make known its wish. 2\. Subscribeo the confession of faith given hi Article 2. 8\. Shall be constituted on the principle of in dividual profession of faith, with the guaranty of a discipline to be maintained in its own liosom. d. Shallinterdict admission to the Lord's supper on the ground of the Instruction of catechumens or of a proper age. b. Provide for its expenses by voluntary contributions, and not receive any aid from the State. 0\. Be in a situation completely independent. 7\. Shall have nothing, either in its written con stitution, or in its usages, or in Its course, contrary to the present consittition. 8\. Shall lie admitted by the Synod, which shall judge of the real fulfilment of these con ditions,-&e.; DECLARATION. WVe, the subscribers, members of the constituent synod of the churches which have established themselves and united, in France to maintain sonnm doctrine, tihe personal profession of faith, and the distinction of the church ant the world, Agree to accept, so far as we are concerned, tile present constitution. Ve'present it to the churches in the hope that they will accept it also. We charge our brethren, Bridel (Louis), pastor, Me)rneis (Charles), Monnier (Auguste), Monod (Frederic), pastor, De Pressenc6 (Victor), com posing the executive committee, to receive the adhesion of the churches favorably disposed. Filled with gratitude towards the supreme head of the church, who has deigned to bless us hitherto, and caused is to feel his presence In all our dell berations, we supplicate. him to direct us to the end, to incline the hearts of his children to follow his will, and to turn our imperfect labor to the glory of his holy name I [Here follow the signatures of the members of the synod.] 