MASONIC FESTIVAL— ST. JOHN'S DAY. I Fob many centuries, tbe days of St. John the Baptist, I and St. John the Evangelist have been celebrated by I Masons generally, and always by that portion cf the fra- I ternity, known as Johaunite Masons ; the Lodge of this I town, 346, working under warrant of Grand Lodge, have I heretofore observed the annual festival on St. 3o\m the 1 Baptist (June) but haying increased much in number and I order, it was determined for the first time, to celebrate I St. John the Evangelist, and attend divine service on the I morning of the 27th, at St. John's Church— Br. the Rev. I Henry P. Kane having engaged to preach the sermon. At 10 a.m., the Brethren assembled, tbe Lodge was opened and at 20 minutes befor 1 1, it moved in due form to church, proceeded by the very promising band of the St. Joseph's tee total society. Our columns cannot be I better devoted than in publishing the excellent sermon, i which we do without further observation :— Let us pray for all sorts and conditions of men, and here- | in for our Sovereign Lady the Queen ; that she mav be endued plcntiously with heavenly gifts and long reien over a loyal united and happy people; for Adelaide the Queen Dowager, the liberal and pious patroness of those excellent schools established for the orphan children of our poorer brethren ; for Prince Albert, Albert Prince of Wales, and all the Royal Family ; let us pray especially for the Ancient Order, as members of which we have this day assembled, particularly for tbe most worshipful and most noble His Grace the Duke of Leinster, Grand Mas ter ; for the Officers of the Grand Lodges of Ireland ; for those who here rule amongst us ; let us further implore the Most High to bless all private lodges, particularly that now gathered to worship in this his holy temple. May God prevent us in all our doings with his gracious favor and further us with his continual help that in all our works begun, continued and ended, in His most holy name, we may promote the happiness of our fellow crea tures and ever set forth his honor and glory, through Jesus Christ our Lord, in whose most perfect form of words we further pray — Our Father, &c.; The Rev. Gentleman, then selected his text from III chapter, 1st Epistle General of St. John the Divine 13th and 14th verses : — ' Marvel not my brethren if the world hate you. ' Wn know that we have nasserl from AmH- -mfn i;r. because we love the brethen. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death.' On this day, ray brethren, we are assembled to celebrate the memory and good works of the beloved disciple of our Lord, the Divine Saint John. And the solemn service we have joined in, should lead our minds through the quiet paths of serious contemplation to remember upon what principles, and for what purposes our ancient order was founded ; solemn and enobling truths, becoming a minister of Christ to teach, and an assembly of God fear ing enlightened Christians to receive. And here how must we admire the life and doctrines of the great saint whose memory we celebrate. He, the beloved one of our Lord, the representative of the divine spirit of brotherly love who leaned upon the bosom of Divinity, and receiv ed from the lips of the Saviour himself that divine affla tus which ever after breathed in his every thought, word and work. He whose every thought was love and peace to all mankind. We cannot, my brethren, pause and ' ponder on the life and works of this beloved one without being struck with the extraordinary and peculiar excel ence of their character ; and particulary must the Mason honor and celebrate one whose whole life was an expos- tion of the Grand principle of Freemasonry, 'Brother- ly Love.' One also whom like St. John the Baptist we have every reason to belive was a member of the Essenian Order of our Craft This my brethren is scarcely the place where I might argue upon this fact, but the works of St John the Divine, that very portion of holy writ, i *nbv «s forour ***** wiU g° arin Pr0VInSt0 us fef!! as when in a holy burst of joy at see ? t) I order observable amongst all ranks and classes of mg Imont craft, a then Grand Master, exclaimed, ' Be ff USShtw ' uow good and joyful a thing it is to dwell hold, brethren. »o g w celebrating this t0Betl\eemn festival, exclaim, « Buholdf brethren '.how °UTA And excellent a thing is brotherly love ! And herein Wd we need aught to teach us the beauty of love, its e* itv its height and depth, its holiness; let us hear w Imtii St John written, and first of the nature of true ,!« Mv little children,' saith the Apostle, 'let us ntlove in 'word, neither in tongue, but in deed and in th ' Of *ts necessity. ' And this commandment v ve we from Htm— that he who loreth God, loves his fcmther also.' How persuasively does he urge upon us th s sreat duty—' Beloved let us love one another for love is of God and every one that loveth is born of God and knoweth God; he that loveth not, knoweth not God, for God is love, and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him.' Lastly, with what magnificent grandeur does he address us in tfie words of our text—' We know that we have passed from death unto life, because we love the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in Lath ' We have passed, we shall pass from death unto life eternal in the Heavens, and the great principle of love shall live ; faith shall then be swallowed up in certainty ; hope shall he no more, but charity, brotherly love shall ever endure—FOR God is love. The three grand principles of our ancient craft— Bro- therly Love, the first and highest ; Relief and Truth, the perfection of this God-like virtue. And yet, my brethren, Masonry has its bitter enemies and its incredulous despi sers ; some who presume, in the darkness of ignorance, that our employments and pursuits are absurd mysteries —profane mummeries, some who ridicule our secrets supposing that they are predicial to society, or wrong in themselves, or childish attempts to conceal from the world that which if revealed would be either ridiculous or pro phane; Whereas, the truth is, those secrets are the bonds of our mutual fidelity. They are locks upon our treasures to baffle the curious and to restrain the unworthy from prving into deep and hallowed mysteries ; they are sym bols of doctrines and moral beauties they have uses which none but the initiated can thoroughly appreciate; it is raid that Masonry is made by man a substitute for reli gion? however, some may have erred, the truly enlight ened brother knows that Masonry has ever been and is essentially the handmaid of true and pure religion. When at the fiat of the Grand Architect of the Universe, creation arose from the void and formless infinite ; when chaos re solved itself into beauty and order, and the morning stars the first-born sons of God sang together in holy harmony ; when matter until then, resting inertly m the womb of tinte ; at the still small voice of the creator, ordered itself into constellations of light, heat an beauty each holding around it by the mysterious bond of gravity, worlds innu merable, the habitations of living creatures; when finally bum was formed out of the dust of the earth and the Lord God breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man became a living soul. Then the mason's work began. The first great exercise of the faculties of that immortal spirit enshrined in its tenement of clay, was to consider the mighty works of the creation to worship Nature's God. How beautifully has our sacred and immortal poet described the first prayer of created man offered up in the grand temple of nature beneath the vault of Heaven. ' These are thy glorious works. Parent of God, Almighty ! ' This thine universal frame, thyself how wondrous thee unspeakable ! " To us invisible or dimly seen, in these thy lowest works ; ' Yet these declare thy goodness without end, and power di vine.' Yss, Free Masonry was it which led the mind of man to nnfo'd its gigantic powers, that mind fashioned in the likeness of its maker; its work was it to unravel, seize upon and comprehend the unchanging laws of Creation, to feel the divinity in trembling proximity to the Creature, and to adore ; such was the first great aim of Masonry. And when through the wickedness, of man the earth grew gradually corrrupt ; when the accacia moral emblem of corruption typified the wickedness and degradation of the Oodlike mind. Still masnnry prescved itseAf pnre, it pre- served the light of true religion and worsipped the one God in spirit and in truth ; still did it preserve and hand down the emblems of the Eternal Trinity, types and sym bols to he one day understood by the eye of faith. When sensuality, barbarism and superstition enveloped the ninds of men with the thick cloud of ignorance, still un changingly went on the Masons work, science taught in the halls of Ancient Egypt, yet busied itself in unravelling the mysteries of nature ; Mathematics that wonderful sci ence which best leads the mind to understand the gigantic and immoveable laws of created nature, was fostered and encouraged by our craft, and to this day do we prescive those wonderful discoveries which have since been the foundation of such incredible knowledge. The first great links of the never ending chain of sci ence and of knowledge were then silently, unobtrusively lormed.nmidst the darkness and corruption of a fallen race ? such was ever the great object of Freemasonry; yes, the most High is the true foundation of all Masonic science, under every revelation which he has condescended to vouchsafe to a fallen race, whether as the God of Nature in the worlds infancy; as Jehovah in the Mosaic Dispen sation, or as our Father in the full light of his only blessed son our Lord and Saviour ; still Masonry has eagerly adopted and engrafted into its system all the truths con concerning Gods relation to man as they have successively dawned upon the world, —thus continually exhibiting it self as the handmaid of religion, from its foundation to copestone sanctified and anointed with the wisdom and knowledge of the most High; need I brethren, yet fur further expatiate on the principles of our brotherhood! History tells there was a time when the arm of the infidel was at the very door of Christendom,when the cloud of Sa racenic spears hovered in the horizon of weakened and debilitated Europe and the Crecent of Mahomet had well nigh overcome the cross of Christ ; then was it reserved for two great orders of our craft to act as the sentilnels and guards of Christian Europe and to withstand the utmost effort of the unbeliever ; then arose the orders of the Temple and of St. John. The time hath passed away and Europe's Nations now risen to the high grandeur of science, opulence and power forget that to the Crusades they owed their rise from a state of barbarism and igno rance ; forget that from that time the tide of knowledge and improvement first rolled on— forget that to the order of Masonry in chief they owed their preservation from the rule of the mathematics— forget that to our order in no slight sense do they owe that principle of religious tolera tion which is now, thanks to God, a bond of union amongst nations. Such is Masonry, not a substitute vainly inverted to supersede, but a handmaid humbly waiting upon Religion. We do not impiously affirm that masonry imparts grace to keep the ' New Covenant of Faith holy and undefiled.' No ; that divine gift must be sought in the way appointed ; Nor do we foolishly pre tend to affirm that we are not bound as Christians to to maintain brotherly love, relief and truth; but we do up hold masonry to be a school of intellectual and modern discipline, in which all the higher faculties of our nature are trained and exercised,— in which we reeognise religion as the only sure guide, without whose influence and un erring wisdom, our craftmansbip would be indeed vanity and folly. But, brethren,— and here mark me — it will be said and cast in our teeth with a sneer ; if masonry be thus a science pure, enobling and holy, ought not all the brethren to be wise and good, temperate and self deny ing, virtuous, full of piety and good works. Well may the erring brother seeing how his private faults and sins arc ascribed to the honorable and ancient craft of which he is a member, pause ere he in word or work disgrace his order, and break his solemn vows. To those who sneer we can only say the fitness of any system is not to be tried and condemned because of unworthiness in some. No, not if the unworthy be the majority ot those who profess it ; If any without a higher motive than purient curiosity, have place unhallowed feet upon the tesselated pavement. If any through gross sensuality, have turned the hallowed purposes of masonry to convivial meetings. If any, through want of industry, have been content with merely acquiring a superficial acquaintance with the craft ; let not the system itself be charged with their perversions, their sins or their ignorance. It may fairly be said that masonry has never made any man to err, but on the con trary, has been a rein and bridle upon many an otherwise violent and imtractable spirit. Shall it be objected against us that the powers of the mind meet not with due encou ragement. We can speak of brethren whose names shall at once meet the futile objection. Newton — than whom in science one more glorious can never exist. Locke, the Christian Philosopher; Cuvia, the Naturalist; Watt, the great discoverer of that new power which hath already will nigh changed the aspect of the world. Shall it be said we are disloyal and anarchists; Kings, Emperors and Princes have forgotten for a time amongst us their high estate and have learnt to mingle with us as men and to acknowledge the excellence of our system. A king of our own mighty empire of Britain, has been our Grand Master, and the Prince of the House of Brunswick who most adorned his high station by his many virtues and excellencies we yet mourn and sorrowfully remember. Shall heroism and that exalted feeling love of country be said to have no place amongst us ? We number as breth ren, the virtuous Washington, our famous Wellington and his rival the Great Napoleon. Shall religious faith be said to lanquish within the walls of our lodge ? What shall speak more for our order than the fact of the late vene rable and excellent Archbishop Howley, the virtuous head of the Anglican Church, having for years held a high and important office amongst us. But why need I mention the many objections brought continually against our craft? There is one way brethren in which they may be met. ' Let your masonic light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven.' Let your constant behaviour show to the world that you are actuated by higher feelings than form too generally the common standards of probity and virtue. Act up to those solemn vows you have voluntarily taken on yourselves, of truthful duty to the craft and to the whole world. Let your silent and unobtrusive perform ance of all the honorable duties of life, plead for the ex cellence of the system of which it is your pride and honor to call yourselves members. Such is the best the noblest answer that can be made by you to the caviller and the scoffer ; right glad am I, dear brthren, that on this solemn occasion of our meeting together for worship in the Holy Temple of the Grand Architect of the Universe. I can present unto you an opportunity by which you may testi fy the cxcellennce of the principles of our Ancient and Honourable Craft. Never yet have masons met together without, benevolence to their poorer brethren and to the whole world of the destitute and miserable forming the chief reason and end of their assemblage, nor on this oc casion have we been found wanting. I ask not your be nevolence this day beloved brethren in behalf of atiy poor and destitute brother. I can to your honor testify with what affectionate solicitude — what noble liberality all calls by brethren on your charity and brotherly love have been answered, and that b.'st poiton of charity has not been warting; your deeds of charity have Lean done in secret the sacred veil of affliction has not been lifter up nor the blighted one shown too rudely and unfeelingly to the world. Your father who seeetli in secret will reward you openly. This day I ask your alms nnd offerings in aid of a society whose excellence you know too well. A society whose charitable aims nnd operations ure as universal and as purely liberal ns the principles of our ana order. Thi' Benevolent Society of this town presents no slight claims upon your liberality and support. Wherever there is suf fering, wherever there is want, this society looketh not to the creed or nation of the sufferer. The stranger is cared for, the sick wanderer is relieved, the fatherless and widow, are visited in their affliction. Truly how beautifully doth the Apostle teach us that this is pure religion, and unde filed before God.' But let me recur to the words of our text if anything is needed to exhort you to do your ut. most on this occasion, 'We know that we have passed from death unto life because we love the brethren. He that loveth not his brother abideth in death.' What words are these ? so solemn in their import ? Truly, if any-thing should exhort us to a life of charity and well doing, the knowledge of death approaching with certain foot the dwellings of each one of us should be that motive. Time is fleeting and death at hand. Our weary days of earthly pilgrimage it behoves us to use well in holy fear and trembling. One time in his life the Mason must ever solemnly and seri ously remember. When the great subject of the frailty of life and the necessity of preparation for the resurrection of the just, was awfully and dreadly considered by him. Forget not, my Masonic brethren, those holy, those excellent thoughts which then, for a time, occupied your souls. Yea, the time is at hand, saith the holy apostle, St. John, when the angel of God shall, standing upon earth, lift up his hand to Heaven, and swear by him who liveth and abideth for ever. Then shall be Time no longer ! Serious and awful subject for the Christian to consider ! How high an incentive to works of their charity and benevolence. I ask of you with con fidence, Brethren — I know how liberally my call upon your benevolence will be answered. Show to the world the excellence of our ancient and honorable Craft. Prove to them that your benevolence is for the universal family of man, your duties of virtue, morality, and excellence to all tbe world. Let each do as he is disposed in his heart, not grudingly or of necessity — for God loveth a cheerful giver. What saith the beloved St. John in the same chapter from whence our text is taken. Whoso hath this world's good, and seeth his brother have need, and shut teth up his bowels of compassion from him, how dwelleth the love of God in him? But I see here many Christian Brethren who are not members of our Ancient Body. Be it so. Need I refrain from asking you also to join in a holy, an honorable, a Christian duty ? Scarcely an oppor tunity is given unto you of joining in the performance of a duty which, like its sister, Mercy, is twice blessed — for it blesseth him that gives, and him that takes : and, at the last great day of Judgment, the Saviour will declare that inasmuch as ye did it unto the least of these little ones, ye did it unto Htm. Finally; my Masonic Brethren, may the Almighty grant us the assistance of His Holy Spirit, to think and to do alway such things as shall please him in our journey through the weary waters of life. May we ever remember and practise our duties as Masonic Brothers, and in our duties to the Craft, the cry of our hearts be continually, Fidelity ! Fidelity ! Fidelity ! and God be with us. Amen. To His great name be ascribed all honor, power, might, majesty, and dominion, for ever and ever. Grant, we beseech Thee, Grand Architect of the Uni verse ! Almighty and Everlasting God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, that the words we have this day heard with our mortal ears (so far as they have been consistent with Thy holy word) so sink deeply into our hearts, that they bring forth in us the fruits of a holy and religious life, to thy honor and glory, O, Saviour of' the world, who livest and reignest with the Father and the Holy Ghost, now and ever. Amen. 