AEIERDastTExuiiT5OS OF TIE WuORaS or ALL NATioss.-The Americans,. in imitation of Eng land, intend to hold an Exhibition in 1852, and proposals have been niade to transfer to Auiarica selectiohs from the forthcoming EnwgishiExhi bition. The American godtlemen who have en gaged in this project profess to be botisted by motives equally .honorable, and almost equally disinterested, with those of the distinguished originators of the London Exhibition:.. The ims provement ill conn.xidod with mianufactures is their first object, and the profits of the exposition are to hb givdn to that Aindtican city which will make the most liberal arrangenient for its recep tion. In other relations the undertaking, is in tended to be thorossghly commercial, and strong inducement is held out to all the European na tions by prdposing the vast and increasing market of the transtlantie continent for the display and cdmpetition of their pi~odictions; The occasion will, it is calculated, beo earnestly edlibraced by our owr' manufacturers for imnpressing their American customers with ait increausing sense of the immense variety and excellence of thd jiro' duetidns of the looms mid the lathes, the moulds and the anvils, the chissels and the gravers,,iud all other apparatus and implesments of the milghtv industry of Brita u; That the. proposals for tlheo American exhibition Will supply no little addi tional incentive to the enterprise and skill already engiged-in preparing for the industrial jubilee of 1851, no doubt is entertained,- and it is an nounced thitt the pronmoters have airvrild in Lon don properly accredited by the first authorities of their own country: The following is an extract from the transmitted documents upon the interest ing subject :-'* In.the precis of information that has bein received from dbrodd, published iby the Royal Commission; appeared a shorttinie since the annexed inforniatlou :-' Utited States (the Amerian Minister to Colodel Reid; April 8; 1850.) -Tlhe American IInstitute of New York is taking steps to promote the oejects of the exhibition, and is donsidered by the British Consul at New York, and by the governor of that state, as a pro per medium of intercourse with the American people: The governo has sunggested to the Le gislitiiro that all objects intenddl for the exhibi tion should pass the canals and railroads free of the usual tolls collected by the state. Mr. John Jay Smith, a gentlenian of standing and charac ter at Philadelphia, has, with the sanction of the American Government, made a proposelI for transferring to the United States for exhibition there as the London exhibition as it may be pos sible to carry over after the termination ofthe exhibition here. lIe presumes that the. Royal Commissioners will considor this plan as an ad dition to their programme; as the manufacturer would thus have Zaitional inducemoents to exhi bitlhis skill in two markets, the American being a growing and Yrey importana one, wheis the most expensive goods are now sure of a sale.' TAoArcAL AFFAIR IN VERMOoNT.-DANVILLE, JUE 21.--I volunteer my services in furnishing you with a statement of a shocking affair whieli has just occurred in our court-house, and has thrown our village into a state of greatconsterna tion and excitement. The felons Warburton, alias Bristol Bill, and Meadows, were brought into court this forenoon, at half-past ten o'clock, to sentence for the crime of counterfeiting, of which they were found guilty last week, a report of which trial was published in your paper. Im mediately after sentence was passed -to wit, ten years' imprisonment and hard labour-on each of the prisoners, Bristol Bill suddenly, and with the agility of a tiger, sprang upon Sir. B. N. Davis, state attorney, and plunged the blade of a large case-knife full three inches into his neck, just at back of the right ear, striking the neck bone and glancing backward instead of forward, to which fortunate circumstance of the backward direction tihe state attorney is no doubt indebted for his life. The first intimnatian any one present had of the prisor:er's intention was the sharp tinkling of his chains as he suddenrly leaped forward to in. flict the wound. Mr. Davis fell reeling to the floor, uttering but a fain cry, the weapon sticking in the wounri A bystander pulled ont t?he reek. ing blade, while Bill stood erect with a look of exultatiou depicted upon Iis counrtenance. In. deed, while being doubly ironed, he repeatedly stated that he had but one anxiety, and that was the fear that the work was half done-that it would not prove fatal--drring which lie evinced as much coolness as though nothing of any Iarti cular moment had occurred. The funnilyof the state attorney were immediately sent for, and are anxiously attenrding by his bedside. Ir. Davis is in a very critical situation, though the attending physicians ercourageus with hope that the wornd will not prove fatal.-(American paper.) W?OOr.LEN M?ANUrAcrTURS. -From a return made to an order of the House of Commons, it appears that the declared value of British wool. len manufiactures exported from the United Kingdom in the year 1849 was £7,342 ,723 up war •ls of one-third of which was to the United States of America. The next largest recipient was the lIanseatic Holland received goods were sent to the value of £658,413 Ilolland received goods to the value of £432,331 Italy, of £403,244 ; Chinia, of £374,87'9; the British North American Colonies, of £354,147, &cE; &e.; Frrnce imlported British goods to tlre value of £131,436 ; Russia, of £70,672; Prus. sia, of £7,692; Turkey, of £142,859; Spain and tihe Canrries, of £42,492., &e.;, &c.; Foreign A-?d colonial sheep and lamb's wool to the amount of "£75,115,3471bs. was imported into the United Kingdom in 1849, New South Wales sending more than double the quantity sent by any other countrv. The IHanseatic Towns sent 14,7-19,560lbsa ; the Cape of Good Hope, 5,377,4951bs ; Van Diemen's Land. 4,999,0431bs.. It.rsiran ports in the Black Sea, 4,786,120ibs. British territories in India, 4,182,8531bs., &c.;, &e;: Of ?2,324,415lbs. re-exported from the United Kipgdom, more than rrne million pounds were sent to Belgiuri The export of British sheep and lumbs-wool in 1849 oanunted to 11,200,472 pouinds, and of British swoolen and worsted yarn to 11,773,0201b. Wool of the Alpaca and Llamna tribe to the amount of 1,655,3001bs. was imporitd, and 126,0821bs. of it re-exported to European countries, 2,536,0391bs of Mohair (or goat's wool) were imported, and 130,1451bs. of it re-exported. A NEGRO SERMON AGAINST VANITy.-I ain going to give yon a part of a negro sermon, which inas preacted by a good man in Jainacia. Hula. dredo of pdople'hesr this minister; and some halo been liae o wiser and better by what they have heaird.. Tire words are spelt, just as he spoke them ; but they were sounded in such stramn"o tones as nmade The,people attend to what he sald, and feel it too. He thus began :-"r First Tinmo. thy, six chapter, seventeen verse. ' Charge dent dat be rich rir dis world, dat dem be not high ininded.' ' Then he stopped and looked about upion the cdngiegrtion; and after this, in a com. pirrrnirng tone, as rf 'somebody was fiudirig frii t with him, he said,: "'What for him say, 'Charoe ddn' dht be rich, dat dem be not high minde. We irb rich. We Biobo higger. De buckra (white man) him i6 ricih. Nig-ger make de sugar; bnckra take de mone "; ssla?t for him say clharge deni dat be rich ! Then changing his voice hd thus antwered the supposed obector : , You no rich olh ! M! ke I shrew you, you rich. You free ntigger now.-So you say, ' Me no like round jacket a?gin.n'-Den you go to one 'tore (store). You buy one coat, one tail cost. You put him oil. You look yourself in aglass. You like him. Den 3ou go to one toiler 'tore. Y?id buy one black trow. ser. - You i n va?it Wash troirser again. 'Wash trouser, your eay, 'him good for slAve nigger. Do free nigger,',im, hiin must hab black trouser like bickrrs.' Den you go to orie toder 'tore. You bry oero smart shirt. Now you no like check shirt. Him good for tle work tBigger, but free nigger must hab smart shirt. Den vou g to toder 'tore. You buy one black hat: 'Da straw hat,' you say; ' no good for free nigger.' Den you go to one toder 'tore. You buy one hoots.--Do slave niguer, ]rim go barefoot. De free nigger him mi?st hab boots, like bnckra. D~n you wait till Sunday come ! You put em on. You tay till de peolle all come. Deti sit quite quiet. No sdake noise: De minister him come, Htim sit down. Do people den wait for de minis ter to begin. Him. begin. Don you come You walkee the up the isle. Creak-creak --creak. What for yon make dat . noise, ell? . Creah creak--croak. Don't dat pride Doent dat say, * see me new tail coat.. See me new black liat -Soo me fine shirt. See me good trowser: Hear me new boots.. Don't me fine gentlemen? Don't me rich? Dorr't dat pride? ' Chargoe dent dat be rich,.dat dam be not high minded.'-Juv. his. Msazine. . Tue l EC-LINEm or ENeoLAND.;-Ledru Rollin? tiro red republican of France, has written a book on the Decline of England. The translator of aH. Rollin's work, says that it originated solely in a fit, of spleeon,. conceived in consequetce of an irticle in the Times. Dickens, in bha usual fell. citous way in his " Household .Words," thus apostrophises Ledru Rollin and his. portrait of Britannia r:-" Bless ae ! when I-put my candle ouit the other niolht, and thought of your portrait of Britannial I quite shook; and wihen I lay down I could almost fancy hdr shadow on th'e wall: Even how I see her looking uncommonlv sickly; in spite of tile invigorating .properties of the waves she so constantly " rules ;" the trider5t and shield-iher ' upporters" . for ages-ci hardly keep her up. Grief, atul forebodings of the famine siwhich y"ou promise, has made her dwindle down from Great to Little Britain. The British Lion it her feet is in tire last staie of consumption--in such a shocking state of collapse that Ire will soon be in a condition to jump out of his skin ; but yon .do not point out tile ass wh.s.. is to jump inot it." B.tS'rass RSOniOEsATIOS.--A long list of clergytmen has been published and appended to t!rh&ollowing; paia'rph :--" We, thie under signed Priests rand Deoneeos, residing within the courty of Harts; do hIereby soleonly protest siand declare; in our.own nanmos, rand as far as we msa, in teio namne of the Churchl of EnIrland, that it Is, and ever has been, thie undoubtec'doctrine of tirhe Catholic Church of Christ, and therefore of the Catholic and Apostolic Church of Ergland, that the now birth of the Holy Ghost is given to all baptized infants, of which divine gift, the out w'ard sign of water, duly administered, is both the means and the pledge. A NEW TAnrD,.-''o tit nrnmber of ingeniousde vices whereby some of tile inhabitants of London , obtain a livelihood, another has just beeon added. Some speculative individuals, taking advantage of the newly invented knife- cleaning maoihine,lhas established a travelling workshop, with which, after the manner of the tinkers and chair-mend ers, they move tbout from house to house, and olean knives at 1h Ipr dozen. The scene of ope ration is constnrted ir the shape of ar immense square chest, like the advertising vans, and in it are two or three of the knife-cleaning machines, with a man to work each; and, as is krnown by trhoso who have seoen knives cleaned by the pro, ocea, thie work is done in a very satisfaeotory man car, Like every " nine days wonder," the con trivanco sat prersnt attracts great attention. GnoLTrvarToN or CorrON Y FREE LABOUc. From a Jamaica Planter, April 14th, 1850.-" I am happy to say that, as yet, my fulloet antliei pations as to the growing of cotton have been realisAOd ; and [ bareve littie doubt, but that withl tihe eathering, and packing I slmll be equally suc cessful. I mrade, some timo back, several etpenri- .j ments as to the growth . and quality of cotten, Sivin" veral lesoriptiors a trial. I found the saplo sen riereirr prefcrble; it mrsy, probablyI not brisg the iet price, but it is the best adapted for our soil and climato. I find a pod of I this, cleaned, weighs fromr thirty to thiryv-flive graisr, and each tree violding fromn one to two trhou.snd plors. T ie other descriptions do not gve mtore than fro:n ton to fifteen grairns, and do n t produce more thian from five lhndrled [? ai tl anad polds. I have now planted about twenty toar and fully expect my gathering will be shotoes ton 1 er acre. So sanguine am I of Ssucces sful the cultivation of the article, b s push on thoplanting during that a•seaso I am confident that the thl smn ost favoured for the growth of cotton. Ile advantages are many,; the first and greatest is t lnstillg ad incrensitng prolifiecess of our r 's Tlhey rive greater returns each succes sre r, adanast from six to eight years. I have trees still bearing on this property, up vnrds of tel years old. It is with pleasure that wInr l n?le to say many have followed me, and so marge fields of this article of exports are n ,ed., *Mouthly Illustrations of American "iiid, Tr SnA1l" iioLrsLs' " MONEY GO"S. - ?ie Province of 3lunster has a demonstration of the xtraordinnry care which directors. of rail t have evinced in their distribution of the fnd. )During the trial of a recent record in l)ubiiu, one of the witnesses, in giving his testi my, was examined as to his own occupation and 'ode of living. He stated that he was in the eniloy ment of the Patriotic Insurance CepnnVl iiid was allowed "his evenilng to in cl',' and they were valuable to him ; worked for tmself professionally in the cvenings as an ucointant, adjuster of averages, of insurances for claimanlts, and as a public writer; his time eui worth five or six guineas a night, and some times more; has earned as imuch as fifty guineas a ni,ht" This announcement elicited no small .hli, of surprise, especially anmongst the julnior sei sers of the bar, who scratclhed their wigs in the extremtest bewilderment, wondering how any olal? could contrive to earn so munch mnone- in Ire•lnd. There was some whispering abeut the discovery of a gol or silver mine, or a "crock ,fiodld" under the ruins of some old abbey. Iu, t he witness speedily relieved them of all ;nrehiility on the subject. " I got," said le "two htundred and fifty gumeas for writing nine letters for the Dublin and 'Drog. tedlBailway, and they were each writter. in a AN E? ECuTIONER KILLED DY HIS SoN.-A rarisianjournal (tle Gazette des Tribunaux) bas the following communication from Bois le: Due, in lHolland :--It is well known that among the deerading punishments provided by the penal cole of the Netherlands is the one which is alled bet xwaijen van hoet zwaarn, or the brand ishigof the sword, and which consists in the culnrit being placed on his knees on the scaffold, with his eyes blindfolded, as if he were about to have his ead cut off. The executioner then whirls several times over the culprit's head the sword which is used for the decapitation of enminals. The alpplication of this extraordinary pnishmient took ?lace in our town yesterday, nd was attended with a fatal accident. On this occasion, the executioner had enaused his son to take his place, a young man of twenty two, shom he was instructing in the exercise of his fcnctions. The young man had posted himself lehind the individual to be operated upon, and the executioner stood behind his son, doubtless in order to give him the necessary instructions. The apprentice executioner then grasped the sword, and brandished it about a dozen times over the head of the culprit; but in bringing it back again towards himself, he unfortunately struck his father on the lower part of the head, and in lieted a fatal wound. The young man has been arrested, lIe stated that his arm had grown weak in the act of whirling the sword, which is a very heavy one, and that, having lost his com ;nond over it, the sword had fallen on his father. The truth of the explanation is doubted by no one, as the young manl bears .an excellent caracter. Police regulations in Cuba are most oppres. sie. No individual can go to the.distance'of a sianle mile fromn his home, without preyiously isyamg for a passport, tinder penalty of a heavy TEMPERATURE oc THE EaRTn.--Profossor Sim man announces the fact, tha-t in boring the Ar tesian wells in Paris, the temperature Lof the earth increased at the rate of one degree for every fifty feet towards the centre. Reasoning from causes known to exist, he says-" That the whole interior portion of the earth, or at least a great part of it, is an ocean of melted rock; agi tanfed by violenttwinds, though I dare not naflirm it, is still rendered highly probable by the pheno mena of volcanoes." On the recommendation of the Prince Primate of Hungar'y, a Rlomaie Archbishopric and- three new Greek Bishoprics are to be formed. The rebhbishop is to have his seat at Karlsbuirg or blasendorf tile three Bishops at Arad, Zagos, tad Nagg Bassia. 