iDGLIBH EXTRACTS, NEW YORK MIRACLES. [FROM THK ' SPECTATOR' DECEMBER 22.] . ' Can buch tilings be, ? ? ? ? ? Without our special wonder ?' Spirits ere reported to have manifested them selves in the state of New York, with a rapid increase of the invisible population. In its present aspect, the case is a sort of multipli cation of the Cock-lane Ghost : but it is re markable for its duration, its wide geographical distribution, and its connexion with the ques tionable facts of mesmerism. The manifesta tion begun, about two years ago, in ' a house' of Western New York, and in the shape of a simple hollow rapping, which could be traced to no visible rapper. The neighbours assembled sometimes to the number of three hundred ; Marched from garret to cellar, investigated and finally listened in passive wonder. The invisi ble tapper was found to be significant in the noises, and also a responsible being, inasmuch «s answers were given to questions ; the ages of children were counted correctly, in raps ; a child who snapped her fingers thrice, was answered by three raps; and it was soon discovered that 'ps in reply to questions bore an affirmative ''aning. But tht rapper proved a scholar apt Kihe hornbook: 'The question was put, ' Are you a spirit V Ine answer was by rapping— three raps. By 'is means, they found that it purported to be Ule spirit of a man. Many expedients were re ?Mted to by which to find'out the Dame of the -«an whose spirit was making these manifesta ^ At length a stranger asked, ' If I will ™1 the alphabet, begining with A, will you rap when I come to the first letter of his name?' Hie answer was affirmative. He then corn iced, ' A, B, C ;' when he came to C there I?8 ? ™P- Again he went on, and it rapped at »a i ?' tlm* w'y he sl)elled °»t t'le ™mc of Katies Kasine.' As before stated, these °umls,bave from time to time been heard in ^'families in that place, awl the cities of ti burn and ttocbester, and various places in tiLT^H' Alth°ugh confined to this rap P'« sound, the mode of communication has S? ™'y ™P'wed, so that many very curious the ,? tol5*ln* sentences have been spelled by ( e '* of toe alphabet. It no longer purports ' to he the spirit of one man or person ; but when an individual makes the enquiry, 'Who is it that wishes to communicate with me V they will generally get the name of some friend or relative— a mother, father, sister, or brother, who has passed from visible existence. Many persons have made the trial, and have had unities spelled out to them of their friends, un kuown to any persons present. Strangers have tried, the experiment, and had their names spelled out before any person present knew it, or where they came from. ' In each family where the sounds appear, there seem to be some one or two whose pre sence is necessary to iusure communications freely. Generally, we find that these persons are susceptible to magnetic influences and clair voyant, although we have heard it where there were none that bad been magnetized or were known to be clairvoyant.' About a year ago, this new sect of Rappites became known to the editor of the New York Tribune, a Fourierist journal ; and the journal ist was reduced to a state of provisional belief of the genuineness of what he witnessed, until it should be contradicted. Early in November last, he received a message that the manifesta tions must be made more public ; and the editor very obligingly placed himself at the disposal of the invisible correspondent, under whose ' directions' a public lecture on the manifes tations was delivered in the Corinthian Hall of Rochester, on the 14th of November, a com mittee was appointed, and next evening the com mittee made a report on the aft'air. To the questions of this committee, it seems, the an swers ' were not altogether right, nor altogether wrong ;.' so that the the new Rappites are not altogether infallible. Another committee was appointed, including two physicians and two Ilonourablcs, who invested the manifestations in the office of Chancellor Whittesley ; then a third committee, entirely composed of ' scep tics;' also, a committee of ladies— as there always appear to be ladies involved in the ma nifestations. ' The ladies of the haunted bouses' were 'disrobed,' stood upon glass, tied, placed under the stethoscope to secure that the sounds should not be vocal, and held by the hand, still the llappUes rnppc;\\. A vibration or ' jarring' was felt on the floor and through out the room during the raps ; and questions asked openly, on paper, or even menially, were 'Thus the nicttcrstnndsRt present; nnd whether t is only a remarkable phenoncmon [.u'e] which vill pass away with the present generation, or vith tlr persons who teem now to be in the mc liuin of this extraordinary communication, or ivhether it be the commencement, of a new era )[ spiritual influx into the world, it ib certainly something worthy the attention of men of can lour and philosophy. ' K. W. Carpon, Auburn. ' George Willetr, Rochester.' Something of course there is in these signs ; but what ? Conjecture makes the alternative answers to that question. It may be a juggle — nnd if so, it is remarkable ainouc jugglers for its extensive spread over the soil of the Empire State, and for the numbers, publicly juggled. As to the numbers and respectability of dupes, precedents might be found : but the geographi cal extension seems to be new. It may be a new Natural phenomenon — such «« n new func tion discovered by persons in a mesmerized state, who are conspiring to keep it unknown. It may be a ncwly-establishcd or newly-revived communication from some kind of creature im perfectly cognizable to our sense, as a human being must be to a sightless worm. Or— it may be a real manifestation of ' spirits.' The last possibility is suggested by an innate feeling in the human mind to presume the ex istence of supernatural being. In one sense, supernatural creatures there cannot, be, since all must conform to the supreme laws which rule the universe. In another sense, supcrna turalism is identical with the proposition thnt creatures exist of which human senses are not cognizant ; a probability established by the pro gress of science, ivhich continually discloses to us things partially cognizable, end some wholly unknown previously ; while the nature of other things— such as the ' imponderables' — is very problematical. Whatever creatures manifest themselves, we may always assume that they are our fellow-creatures in the sense of being subject to the Universal God. But that these sounds should be emitted by an order of ' superior' beings is unlikely on fill* fnr»p nf till? pviHptma ? it is .ilcji libiltr Mint they should be alien from humanity. Some traits will also be observed in tbe narrative common to all such affairs. The ' spirits' deal unhesitatingly with things not belonging to nature at large, but artificially contrived by humanity— they dodge about closets and cup boards, they are intimate with human usages, they have learned not only the human but the Anglo Saxon alphabet, aud can spell. A good deal of humanity in all this, not more than might be shown by a very foolish impostor, The second trait is the tendency of the super natural visitants to deal exclusively with trivi alities and puerilities — startling women and children with raps, spelling names, and count ing the ages of children correctly. Now before it can be proved that any higher order of beings would stoop to such triflings, we must alter our whole ideas of what is supcrioi and inferior. If these Rappites are spirits, they ap pear to be spirits of a very juvenile understand ing, and quite inferior to the average of mim hond ; if they are ghost, then tlie ghostly con dition is one of de^radation-as a mathematician might say, it is dotage produced. However, it is impossible to repel a curiosity to learn the issue of the manifestations which thus hold our brethren of New York in wondering amaze ment. 