TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. "ALQUt8s." uread ofhdeceit is sweet to the lips; but afterwards thy aouth shall b's'Illlod willh gravel." Sir,-1 see that " Aliquis" in his expiring efort lost his temper again; it Is a pity so smooth-faced a gentleman should forget himself in so unbecoming manner; some allowance however must be made for the castigation he1 got, 1 'admit it was more severe than when " his mammy whipt him." Insolent observations" indeed; highty tity, poor Aliquis must boeput into a straight-jacket or he ,ill do himself, in his fit of melancholy, some bodily injury l No one of common sense will suppose for one moment, that in sketching the prospectus'of the imaginary firm of Aliquis, Humbug & Co. that 1 intended the slightest disrespect to the Launceston merchants as a body, this I beg very unequivocally to disclaim ; no no, " Aliquis," this is too far-fetched, (ight your own battles, and, don't attempt to shift them on to the shoulders of others. This is unmanly, look to the motto above, and you will perceive the cause of your chagrin. The merchants of' Laun cesten are too upright and intelligent a body of men not to know that is their true interest to support and cherish the farmer, not to crush him ; 'but thy phi lanthrophy " Aliquis" is confined to the gold diggers only. The imaginary firm was nothing more'than a lorcible illustration of the gross absurdity and sheer hypocricy of thy pretended agonies anent the gold diggers; and it seems, like a well-shut arrow to have gone straight to the mark. 1 suppose' that pocket handkerchiefs must have risen one hundred per cent, from " Aliquis's" corsaumptions of them in sopping up the crocodile tears he must have shed on accousn of the "destitute gold diggers." If he were to bottle them off, and pack. them in six dozen cases, I should say they would make an admirable export to California, and let them be labelled, " Aliquis's Crocodile Tears, a certain cure for all disorders." It would only be a useless tautology to go over any more of" Aliquis'"last efi'rt, and'unniecessarily occupysng your columns.' He is sufficiently answered, snore particularly as he has announced his Oeaoise, but he wishes to know what I have to "our being quoted at £24 per ton. Simply this, that in the first place it will not affect Jonathan Gold-Dust at all, that it sweeps away at one fell swoop " Aliquis's" visionary palaces, which in the plenitude of his benevolence for the gold diggers, he thought to have erected out of the pockets of his impoverished fellow-countrymen: that even at £24 per ton, those who can avail themselves of it, may mti seven shillings a bushel for their wheat, that the fall was consequent on the Chili harvest; that the market fluctuates at San Francisco like' Aliquis'" temper-one time in the clouds, at another below Zero; that in a month again flour is as likely to be £50 as it may be £20. Finally, " Aliquis" may put 'it down for certain, and "no mistake," that if he sets up.another hypo. critical whine about those extraordluary paradoxical personages, the destitute California gold diggers, Jonathan Gold-Dust will be at his post again, and, his "ghost": will utterly upset his equilibrium,. altogether set at naught his equanimity and love of "recreative ease," disturb his dreams, and once more, startle him out of his wits again.-Thine, JonATHAr iGOLr-DsUT. April 19, 