; 'tr favor rf ''Melbourne Daily Neici." ' 'o the State-made axd State-paid . J - Bishop ok Melbourne. !|v-. Sir, — I find that you have engaged j j|-he whole of the Press of Melbourne, io j, ;ii.'iisseminale yuttr reply to niv first teller ' UL-o far, so pood. Yon thus appear to ; rish to itand well with the people of t hi- 'j.plony. I had thought you an opponent ; pMqore worthy of my steel,(my pen of steel. t s refer to). Than, tins your reply, in. '; jicatrs. You have not in my humble pinion, overthrown one of mv argument'. . Si'iilwithstanding the long list of truisms ' hat you suing logether in jour letter Vjg-'sted March 4t!i, Pott land. You re- ; ' jvliudiate Charily in its truly Christiar j j . leaning, and add further insult to tha' l;:ieople and that Church of which your : .""hurch is said to be a Younger Sister, .ml most of whose crerd, forms, and dis L' lMpline, are si ill maintained in the State- i 'llaid Church '.o which you belong. Tnia -'nseemly ronneciiun must be done a»ay ; 1 .with, the Church and the State must L» :. jivorced, and I .do trust that another t en years will not pass, eie that so /, nuch to be desired event take- dace. Then, Dr. Perry, I foresee that V/ou may becime a bright ornament ' o this people, that is, if your Church is ,io longer bound in the bonds of stat i , hay, Your repetition of the offensive jx'wotdi used lo the Ls'irr Church, with ; ; 'Is additions of "bouI destroying dela- HjlWoff#." are in very bad laste.and cka 1> 1 point out that " You are in th r ffa/l o( 'jy illerness if ' ynu a e not in tit- bondr ;|>f (spiritual) denlh." I pass over y<-ur ': 'f !' jl lent) notations of myself as imbued tviih lt'j ' Infidel I.atitudinariaiiism" with the«e i!f"jj?ew remark : I believe with iny fellow .jjno-rcligiouist.s that the New testament J :j'!iihiiu'd be cur guide and rule of faith: T 'i;!/ '""l'eve that the Independent and I !j jjresbylfriint come far nearer to the jj :J)iscipline »-f the Church of Christ than i; jj j(he Tudnrites do. Your slate made and |j ;j;Ute p iid Church was establi-hed bv .' .jl jfhe Tmlors. The pious, mural Henrv lijthe VIII, who obtained from Leo the X j ! jibe title of defender of the faiih, which l| .liile. though de.ived from Leo the head Iff the Lsttri Church, is yet frndly clung ,o by the head of your church, the writer, or so- called writer, (Henrv , 't hhe VIII) of a Book on the j jl JSeven Sacraments, and against the j! j!; 'i04' founder of Protestantism, in 1527, J ' Ihe founder of your sect, the head of the t j..'. Fudurites, offended at the Pope's reluc- ij i. lance to grant him a divorce, in order jl | that Ihe head of the Church might in -. -lulge his passion for Anne Buleyn, de- j| posed Wolsey. nod quarrelled with the !j! ' PP6> in 1532 this Tudor, the head of Iji ? fur Clrurch, married Anne Boleyn. in jit j 1533 this marriage produced Elizab-th ijj j; Tudor, under whose sway and in whose !fj h name the Tudoritc Church W3s estab- ijj ; lished by law, and in 1034 caused the Iji 'utbreak with the Pope, and the first I', i Henry was by himself appointed sole I head of your cburcb, these are historical ; Tacts, jij . The first founder of your church, and j the virgin queeh. his charitable and n - 310U8 daugli'cr, both believed in the 'J: ioctrine of the real presence. Were! j j i .hey both idolatrous and apostate ; did . !' :J,,ey 'a',or "ii'Jcr a satanic delusion ? I , j , :The real Protestant church— as founded j 4 Luther, Calvin, Knox, and others — 1 jji d'd not then, nor do they now, believe j | !n the real presence. The Independents i -i Uid not then, nor do they now, beliave it i.d1'9 doctrine. I have been brought up, |J| f ind continue in this faith ; have b»»>n jij IjAUght that faith will bpget works ; tilt |j| ?,lre tree shall be known by its fruits. I Pi S ieS to add, that the church to which I J) though few in number, and men i ; ; humble station, did, unaided by state >ay, unaided by taxes raised bv the jj1) 'ale of soul and body destroying drinks, j'i '/ xsiltl the first minister's house and |:J :haPel in Port Phillip. I take pride j'- \ '.otnyself, that 1 not only founded the j.. ; polony, but lent my help to found 1 --he first churches and the first school I ; jl the colony. Yes; and by tny feeble Ielpto build the churches of yotirsect, ): : j limply believing, that in p-ovtding p J >laces of worship for those who pro- \- 1 ,essed the Christian religion, I was ns- i(| ' ,,isting the cause of our founder, Christ, j' i did not do, as you know of some that! Ar /ill, when asked to assist the national I jm ,|chool fund, a la Sterne, button up tny f; i Socket predetermined and refuse toassist. j' |g ipon whatgrounrls '? Oil! upon principle Si Ob ! that word principle, that 1 .estricts a man to giving only to bis jj f, "l'n 8rct is it a principle of good or of |||- jvill does.it come fro tn God, or from Jij j laian ? I thus leave your charge against 33 f nyself, but I find it very lixrd to reenn- |j : ,,;ile this imputed " infidel latiludin- j; " .trianism," with yonr concluding word ; |ij:. !an ynu reconcile them with these w rds || and so I hey to suhscri'e, myself Tf tour sincere well. wisher ?" Can you, 1; ' 'irofessing to call yourself a Prot- stent i-1 - lergyrnan, I say rati you really suh- jj" icribe yourself a sincere well' wisher t<» j 'an infidel latitudinal ian V I call | our attention most immeJiately to this, J y _nd expect an explaimtinn ; failing your j! j doing, 1 shall with others, conclude (j I ou cannot reply. You do not point i ut where I am in error in the texts I Si ' noted for your edification. Simply to $ | eny their application to your case wiil jl fot do in tlieso days I earnestly pray i ou, not for my sake, but for the good 'j Lif this people, that you ponder yet, and jj || p possible retract the offensive words ij |rsed to the Latin Cliurch, for they do |j SJo good, there is no cliariiy in or about l| Such words, they only cause contention jjj Mid Strife, and you cannot make out a Ij jfhsQ in the Gospels, where you arc M frjilleil upon to pionounco upon your jjfirulliercu of the Latin Cliurch under the -listing circumstances, except you con if? frue words to your Warped menning. Ilr You eanuot establish from Holy writ I :U eharges you tuuks, and the mere | fact "of "one "Church dissenting- from | another docs not ptovc which is in error, : be th may be wrong in part, and con- ! sider whether they do not both in many instances come shurt. And I again call upon you to t.-'clare how you de rived the knowledge that you are right anil all ollirrs are wrong, was tt by the uirpoiiliuii of bands when yon were consecrated 1 Were these words at that time used in your case, and if they were, did you believe in them then, do ynu now believe in ihein. ami do you- sets bear out the efficacy-of these words iiy the same fruits that they did on the Apo-tles, these are the words, I quote rom B \V. Noel, A. M , late a Highly esteemed Faster in tho Tudor Church, now a Baptist Minster. The words hi- quotes are these — "Receive the llolj Ghost for the office and work of a Priest in the Church of God, now com iiittrd to tliee by the imp sitioo "f on. lands; Whose sins thou dost fargice they arc forgiven, and tehose sins thou dost retain, they arc retained." Do you believe these words, confer the Holy Gliust, ami power to f.rgiv. ir retain tbe sins of men. Or are the) mere Words. Upon these worth that worthy Bishop— be of Oxford Yclept" Philpots, ihus commented ' all this is the most blasphemous frivolity, if it be not ihe drpprs truth.- Page 256. B. W.Noel, A.M.. Unnn of Chutch and State Lnn>l«n. 1 819, second edition. I shill havr something to siy hereifter about B t- bops and PrnsU state pay, their pi lacs and the destitute s-ute of curates, and generally anent the 39 Articlrs and thi nilugy of '.he Anglican Church to the Chorch of Home, but I must remark upon some passages of your Letter; I am happy to see that you and I agree, at- hniieh only in part lo the term My L ird. You own that you fear it is a stumbling block, and I honor you foi saying y.'u attach no value to the title Really Dr. Perry there are some g -nd points in toil, if ynn could be reformed from thatSectartan spirit which muslco-r /tesel a S ate Paid Church. As a Free Churchman you would be n valuable member of society. Mark thai I say this not out of fltllery, for if I know my self and if this people do really know ne I am no flatterer, but a plain spoken, though perhaps a rough ex positor of Truth. But how comes it that you exposed your weakness in this title, by going hick to the OM Tuitament, do you pro fess lo be an Hebrew in whom there i. no guile ! or do you think that the Hebrew forms were not done away with by the advent nf our Redeemer. I take credit to my. sulf that you have had to travel back so far as tbe days of Elijah to find this title of my lord, but Elijah was not a bishop, and that you compare your dignity of Bi-hop to that of the prophets of olJ, and that of the prophets ; you can only find one man, addressed us my lord, and that man should be ihe only prophet, th-a we read of, that was translated lo heaven without passing through " the valley of the shadow of t death." And mark you, who and what j was the only man that d d call Elijah j my lord, and recolhct, too, that in eastern connlrie.', it not only was, but yet is, the custom to use fo'snrne com. p'irnems. The eastern Olmdiah, who called Elijah my lord, was a courtier in the house of king Altab, one tutored lo sycophancy and accus tomed to bow his head into the dust before the great ineo of his day. You here display a Lineutable want of strength. And you say that, as the title of my lord was applied to a mo tal under the Hebre-v di.|.en«ation, "It may without sm be applied tit the same sense ; i.e., I as a lir e of respect to a mortal n >w."| Then Elijilt and the Buliops of the: present d-ty can be put on an rqnal fooing, eh 7 Is this your in tention in this famous paragraph ? If it i-, I fear much for yon, tltaj ton , arc Iahoiintr under a delu-ion, but, I j will not call it a Satanic one. Yon ! conclude by quoting St. Paul; by the liy, how strange it would have looked j in those days, for St. Paul to have 1 addressed a letter thus, the Lord St. | Paul to the Apostles, (or the cliurch) j of the Lord Jesus Christ. Your qu -la- j lions are good " Charity suti'ereih ; long" and is kind ; charity eneiellt \ not ; charity vuuriteth not itself, is nut puffed up, doth not behave itself un I seemly, seeke.th not her own, is not ! easily provoked, thinketh no evil, re - ! joiceih not in iniquity, but rejuiceth in the truth, heareth all things, he- 1 lieveth all thing', liopelli all things, endureth all things." You arid, " I trust, thai nothing wbiclt I have written j is contrary to chanty, according lo this , description of it." Are you sincere in this ? If ynu are, yonr eyes and mind and the eves and minds nf others, construe Ihe above qnninticns diametrically in opposition. May God grant you his grace so t act, as may redound to his glory, and the good of this people— is the true prayer of yours, Jtrc., J. P. F. P.S. — That imbecile journal the " M. M. Herali," threatens to publish any answer I may write. This almost deterred me from a reply, but I conso'e myself that if I am to suffer such an indignity, it is for the public good 1 write, and that in such case I must be content to bear this insult. J. P. F. 