MECHANICS' SCHOOL OF ARTS. Ou the evening of tbe 12th instant, Mr. 11. Worley delivered his second lecture 011 Shakespeare's play of Julius Caesar. A speaker who confesses that his manner and delivery are lame and impotent, disarms criticism, but really, when individuals volunteer to read in public the finest passages of our national poet, familiar to our ears from the impassioned modulations of Kemble, Young, Kean and Macreadv, they ought to briug higher qualifications for the office they assume, than a drawling tone, a feminine lisp, an icy blaudness, or a weak voice. The lecturer read his review of the secouil portion of the play, with abundant extracts. The speech of Brutus, for instance, that of Marc Antony over Ctesar's body, and the quarrel scene between Brutus aud Cassius. He gave a,concise description of Cjasar's person aud character, liis temarks upon revolutions; tbe natural love of . liberty, inherent in the human constitution; the extraordinary fact that a conspiracy of such magnitude,' against a man so generally beloved as Caesar, should have been kept secret, the civilization of the patrician Romans, and the ignorant brutality of the people were 'just, and the result of discrimination. His sarcasm against military butcheries aud sword-girt heroes, was in accordauce with the peace principles of the age. But his sneer at " that ghost of a Frenchman's imaginings—a Republic," was hardly consistent with the liberality professed in other portions of his lecture. It may be also remarked that the lecturer's own dissertation was much more animated in the delivery than'the extracts which he read. He would not attempt to justify the act of Brutus, it being an assumption of the Almighty's prerogative. What assassination has to do with the Deity's attributes, the lecturer did not explain. He concluded with the quotation— "What a piece of work is man, how noble in reason, how infinite in faculties, in form and moving, how express and admirable, in action how like an angel, in apprehension how like a God!" Notwithstanding the npplauie; commencing with the little hoys—came at the appointed intervals, well marked by the lecturer's pause, some of the audience might possibly be incliued to doubt the truth of Sliakespeare's ideal, under the influence of such monotonous reading as Mr. Robert Worley's. .Air. 11.O'Neil Wilson of the Advertiser was announced for the nest lecture. 