A GHOST STORY. IT happened that the gentleman from whom Dr. Grindley had the narrative I am about to tell, Colonel Ainslie by name, was an early companion and school-fellow of Lord Kingseonnell, and after having lost sight of him since boyhood, in conse quence of.the vicissitudes of a military life, had met and renewed the acquaintance with him in Italy. They had been much together there, and found plea sure in talking over their juvenile days, and in con sequence of a pressing invitation to visit him at his own house on his return, Colonel Ainslie arrived there with the intention of remaining sometime with his friend, very shortly after Lady Kingscon nell's departure. On his first arrival he was con ducted to the room assigned him by a servant, but after passing over a cheerful evening in talking over the reminiscences of the past, when it was time to retire for the night, Lord Kingsconnell himself accompanied his guest, preceded by the butler carry ing candles, to the door of his apartment. Only to. the door, for although it had apparently been.his intention to enter along, with him, Colonel Aihslie remarked that as they approached it he'started, turned away almost with a shudder, and, hastily bidding him good night, retreated immediately. This circumstance made but a momentary impressiont upon the visitor at the time, though afterwards it was vividly recalled to his mind. The apartment was a large and handsome one, but contained nothing to render it in anyway striking. A good fire was blazing in the grate, and Colonel Ainslie, not feel ing inclined to sleep, drew one of the easy chairs with a writing table to the hearth, and having put on his dressing-gown, sat down to write a letter. * N a 0 * 0 The fire had burned low, and the candles were sinking in the sockets. Just as Colonel Ainsle, having effectually shaken off his drowsiness, was about to retire from his chair, to his astonish ment he beheld the door of his chamber slowly open. It was at the end of the room, and a good way from the fire-place. He sat gazing intently at it, feeling as if it were impossible for him to leave his seat, whilst a figure, at first indistinctly seen in the ob scurity, entered, and advancing with a statelymea sured step towards the light, stood still within:two paces of his chair. It was that of a youngand remarkably handsome man, dressed in a rich-laced suit; his whole appearance denoting a gallant of the first rank; but his countenance, Colonel. Ainslie de clared, such as would never leave his memory till his dying day. It was gastly pale-fixed mn an expression of such concentrated woe, such hopeless despair-the dark mournful eyes bent upon him with such a look of untold anguish as froze the very blood in his veins. He instinctively felt as people in such awful circumistances are said to do, that it was not an inhabitant of this world he looked upon. His limbs seemed to stiffen-his tongue elave to the roof of his mouth-and he sat as if spell- bound, unable to with-draw his eyes for an instant from that dread unchanging gaze. Thus passed some space of time, a long one it could not have been, but to his imnagination it seemed to comprise hours of horror. Then the apparition slowly raising its hand, pointed with an authoritative resture to the door. The motion broke the spelil which be numbed Colonel Ainslie's senses. He rose from his feet, feeling he must escape, or be -driven mad by the terror of this visitation ; and at the same time remembering with a sensation of mortal dread that in order to escape he must pass it closely. fow. he did so, or how he gained the door he never; could distinctly recal, but he did gain it; and-found him self in a long passage, fortunately lighted by the moonbeams which made their way through a window not entirely darkened, and along this he who'had risked his life in various battles, had mounted a breach and led a forlorn hope, yet never had known what bodily fear was, confessed, and declared he was not ashamed to confess, that he fled in such a condi tion of panic and horror as none but those who-have experienced the overpowering influence of superna tural fears can rightly picture to themselves. A few days after this, news arrived of the tracgical death of the young Master Kingsconnell.-?]rs. Gordon's Kingsconuell.. On the 22nd July, Sir John Molesworth presented. petitions from Van Diemen's Land against the con tinuance of transportation to. that island, and gave notice of his intention to Jbring the subject of trans portation to Van Diemen's Land under the notice of the House next Session. On the same day, £11,730 was voted for the public service of New Zealand. 