POLICE OFFICE SKETCHES. THE COURSE OF TRUE LOVE, &c.;, so wrote Shakspeare, as likewise did the immortal bard with prophetic plea, beholding Mr. Pat O'Neil, crab and brogue manufacturer, in the vistas of futurity further write, "Love's Labour lost." For the third time had the last descendant of one of the kings of Munster to be dragged before a Sassenach mayor, who, with Mr. Campbell, on Monday, listened, deeply affected, to the tale of a "Bleeding Heart." On the previous Thurs- day as Miss Margaret Hart, premiere danseuse of the Royal Victoria Theatre, was passing along the Race Course, the O'Neil came up at a "gal- lop hard" pace, and rudely stayed "the pas de fascination" Miss H. was treading, and by way of a gentle how d'ye do! raised his hempy-waxy hand and struck her--oh, ye gods and little fishes, on--the complainant stated, with modesty \--her shoulder, but her mamma affirmed it was on a far more tenderer spot. The monster in human form had also registered a vow in Heaven that he'd patronize Garry by making Miss H. a job for him, and also Mr. Green, by rendering himself one for that functionary. The eyes of the Right Worshipful beamed gently on the fair sufferer, and darted solitary imprisonment and treadmilling at the cordwainer when he asked him "if nothing would be a warning to him." The O'Neil--She's been keeping me in a string \--promised to marry me; but, no, I'll trouble her no more.--I'll not go near her. The Right Worshipful promised he'd take care of that, and that the adoption of such precaution should not abridge his (tho Right W.'s) full en- joyment of the downy. The O'Neil--She said she'd have me, and then she would not. The Right Worshipful was of opinion that a young woman had a perfect right to change her mind when, and as often as she pleased, and her breaking her promise was no reason why the shoe-maker was to take to welting and stabbing her. Mr. John Campbell said ditto, and was like- wise convinced the O'Neil's behaviour was snobbish. Nerved by seeing that justice was on the right side, Miss Margaret went on to asseverate, and, her maternal parent backed the same, that life had been a misery for months past, owing to the O'Neil's unremitting attentions, and that unless the Commissioner of Police furnished every time the complainant was abroad a body-guard of Indigoes, some spot or other in Sydney would be favored with an inundation of her precious life's fluid. In defence of this the Milesian merely observed he'd done seven days for her--[The "her" spoken contemptuously, as if the dan- seuse was a common every day sort of person, "a creature of mortal mould."] but he'd go up the country--go away from her. The Bench doubted whether it were possible for any sus- ceptible person to tear himself away from such an object of attraction. Justice then consulted. Whilst the Mayor and Mr. Campbell laid their heads together, an individual, apparently a friend of Mr. O'N's, addressed their worships, but in a very confidential manner. All that could be heard, was the Mayor's reply, "of something about carrying him on your back to keep him off her."' After seven minutes and three quarters deliberation, the Mayor informed Patrick the Great that he was fined £5 for the assault, or its equivalent of one month in Darlinghurst Castle, and if he ever again by act, word, or thought, annoyed the complainant, he'd be put on the police list in a different way, and six months would be his doom. The Milesian heard the sentence unmoved, and with the boldness and coolness of a Mitchell or a Smith O'Brien, addressed the Court to the effect that he'd been subjected to annoyance through Miss Hart's at- tractions, and therefore as what was sauce for the goose was likewise sauce for the gander, when he'd done his month he'd have a warrant for her. This act accomplished, and having made it all up the country with her, he would, like a modern Timon, personally retire to the bush. COMMUNINGS WITH THE DEAD.--ever since the Government took upon itself to set to rights the Genrge-street Pere la Chaise, it has been stig- matised as a place of disorder. Be this as it may, there has of late sprung up a great taste amongst both sexes for moonlight walks and meditations amongst the tombs. So numerous indeed have become the followers of these pleasurable pursuits, that Mr. Charles Hodgkin- son, who walks with the dead at the Cathedral yard has his time so fully occupied in waiting on his visitors, that he has scarcely grace sufficient allowed him to sit down, fill and ignite his pipe, and doubtless, ere this, would have been entirely run off his pedestals, but for the counter attrac- tion afforded by Sir Alfred's promenade. Those however, who favor Mr. H. with an evening call, are sometimes far too lively in their proceedings for tho grave company they are surrounded by. This was shown by no less than two ladies and two gentlemen, between 10 p.m. on Saturday night and a like hour on that of Sunday. Miss Ann Neil, for a deviation from strict Platonicism, was sent by the Police Bench for fourteen days to the gaol, in consequence of a deficiency of £5 in her Exchequer, which would also have have happened to a gentleman, a friend of her's. Mr. Richard Butts, but he cashed up. One Mr. Coker also availed himself of fourteen days' retirement. Mr. C., whilst meditating, was ac- costed by a black gin for tobacco. As he was giving her a chew Hodgkinson rose like a ghost, terrified the lady, who crying "debil debil come," took to her heels, and the good- natured donor of the wood was carried off to one of Day's pandemoniums. This, too, was done by Hodgkinson, notwithstanding Coker offered him half a quid to take no trouble about the little bit of "Virginia" he had been bestowing on one of nature's children. After all, it is not so very extraordinary that Coke-r was hauled over the coals for fanning love's flame, or that Butts, who exposed his person for a target, should be transfixed by the darts of law. SHEWING THE WAYS OF THE TOWN.--Herr La- gent Von Push, a stylish young gent. from Slap- up-hausen, landed in Sydney on Monday, and on Tuesday evening proceeded with a country- man on a tour of inspection of the society male and female, their ways and doings at the anti- podes. In their peregrination, one Miss Jane Smith was encountered, who presently intro- duced herself to Herr Von P., and the share of two bottles of ale. "Schmidt, Schmidt," said Herr Von P., "I be knau Schmidt at home." Jane assured him that the Schmidts were a very numerous family, and she was one of them. In order that the meeting might ripen into an inti- mate acquaintanceship, the traveller was seduced by Jane to proceed to her cottage ornee in Eliza- beth-street, under the promise of her letting him into a few secrets of New South Wales, and showing him some of the natural beauties of Sydney. In order also that Herr Von P. should have tho whole of Jane's society, a young lady who dwelt in the one pair front, undertook to become an entertaining companion for Herr Von P.'s friend. All who have ever undergone a voyage know how queer persons feel when they land, and how soon tired after walking or any exercise. No wonder then that Herr Von P. soon fell asleep on a sofa, and that Jane, like a good Samaritan, laid down to prevent his falling off. Herr Von P. was however awoke by the creak- ing of the stairs and the tinkling of metal, and discovered the disappearance of Jane, and a purse with 18s. in it. Police constable No. 22 was called in, Smith called out, and Herr Von P. detailed chap. 1. of his adventures in Sydney before Mr. Flood. As, however, the light was out when Herr Von P. heard the schillings chink, he was so much in the dark that he could not say whether it was the female individual "up stairs, or down stairs in the lady's cham- ber" who "pursed" them, and his male friend being over fatigued with tasting various colonial potables introduced to Herr Von's notice, he was unable to attend the court, and Jane Smith was discharged. CHARGE OF PERJURY.--The attention of the Bench has been engaged during the week in investigating a charge of perjury preferred by Misses Shannon and Johnson of Castlereagh- street, against Miss Jane Robinson, from the opposite side of the way. Mr. Brenan con- ducted the prosecution, and Mr. G. R. Nichols the defence. The case was brought to a termi- nation on Thursday afternoon, when the pre- siding Magistrate (Alderman Egan) deferred judgment until Tuesday next. The alleged perjury arose out of a prosecution for assault by the present defendant against the lady-prose- cutors, which came off last week, and resulted in their honorable acquittal. 