THE INTERESTS OF THE FAR MERS AND SQUATTERS NOT SANTAGONISTIC. (From the Intelligencer.) Political agitators iwairm everywhere. SThey perform a necessary part in this -.. .theatre of good ~nd evil. Some "?3,s enacting the hero, and sometimes the evil genius of the play, they are equally essential to its progress towards a fit denouement. Whether they seek to Sdrag down, or to raise up, whether to dam the stream, or to destroy the sluices-by w.hatever passion they are moved-at whatever object they aim--the result is : favorable to social progress-and tends to the accomplishment of the schemes of providence by which all things work to getherfor good. SIn countries where the constitution, or progress of events, tend to oppression or ,injustice, the political agitator assumes sometimes a god-like aspect. In coun tries where the administration of affairs is in weak or unskilful hands, thlte po liticalagitator is apt to become a brawler and to make a trade of sedition. In countries where grievances are few (there ,are some everywhere) the political agitator :stalks abroadsunseasonably, like an un happy ghost, frightening, not its mur derer, but women and children. From domestic grievances this colony is as free as any country on the face of tIhe etarth. The political agitator is obliged to get up a hughbear; there is no gunpowder ,:o--iracy extant, and he must fabricate '-Gui to give a pretext for his shouts. A "'lass-5trfate is the agitator's elysium, and he tierefore spares no pains to get his cocks t5 fight. The first process of train ingis, to blind his birds, to keep them in \- dark; but this is not easily effected wvith the windows of an honest press pourino in light upon the enclosure. Here, the efforts of the agitator are not well directed, because where no real grievance exists, there is the wider field for choice. There are the "old" and "yourg"colonists,-can they be gotto fight ? Call the first " intrrdrrs" "aris tocrats," &c.;, &c.-the; second, "the onli legitimate colonists"-perhaps they may beledto view'each other with enviouseyes. There is a great deal icl a name; for al though "arose by any other name would smell as sweet," yet England went to loggerheads about the color of that very Sflower, until its smell became agreeable only to the carrion crows. Will, then, the old and young stagers fight? So ! some gudgeons have taken the bait; but few, even of them, can swallorw it. It is I too gross. Try the farmers and the squat ters. They are as opposite to each other as the two wheelsof a dray. Never mind, although they ought to run together-un ship one, and you will have a glorious ;ro. But they are too firmly united in reality, although apparently separate, for that. Nevertheless, the agitator en joys a certain degree of gratitication ir. makingthe attempt. He obtains, occa sionally, smallresults-and small fish are s.'eet. It is a pity to disturb his enjoy ment, but, if not checked, lie might glow snore voracious, and, perhaps, do soma injury in his rabid state, if not to others, to him elf. We will, therefore, with kss levity point out the relative positions of the farmer and the squatter. In this commercial age, every prosper ous country has a home trade and an ex port trade. Every such country has two classes of producers- the one for supply ing the wants of its inhabitants, and the other for suppying articles of export, in exchange for which capital and foreign product ons are introduced. These two classes give existence to a third-the trad ing community. To enter upon their respective claims to superiority, would be absurd, because neither have any other than claim that they are essential lo each olther, and to thie state, and THIEREFORE EQUAL. Thie farmer (in the absence of any ex ?portable agricultural productions) is en gaged in supplying the population writh food. The market is I mited, and tIhe supply ought to be proportionate to the demand, otherwrise the producer (the farmer) would suffer. At pes nt here is a sufficiency of grain produced, and if the whole length and breadth of tie colony werethrorwnintothebandsoftheagricultu ist, he could not without injuring him self, sorv another bushel of seed. The wool- grower, on the other hand, pro doces an article for which nio demand exists here. Thie small cost of production alone enables him to send it to a market from which he can obtain a profitable return. If food were dear, he would not be able to do.so. Ifthere were any restrictions upaon Ithe agriculturrist, hre would be one of the eaviest sufferers; every acre withheld from cultivation would raise the cost of production of his wool, and the cost of its transit to the ship. Their interests are completely mutual. The slightest injury to the one is felt by the other. A blow aimed by. the one at t?,ther would descend on the bead o' the 'tarter. This strict mutuality extends even to natural events. The catarrh in sheep would injure the farmers, and the blight in wheat would diminish the pro fits of the grazier. soeh being the case, (and it is so plain .'flat evidence of its truth would be super flnuous,) it will be wrell next to inquire she ;her the present relations betrween the twIo classes are in that happy state of equi poise, the attainment of which should be the great aim of truite statesmen. To this enquiry. we shall address ourselves in our nexkt, unless these premises should in tire mean time he disputed, so as to render rurther explanation desirable. 