BRITISH OFFICERS IN INDIA. Amongst the most valiant and characteristic features of the last Indian war, there is none, perhaps, which has left .-a ' more vivid impression on the memory, than the glance it incidentallv afforded us into the life of a young Indian officer. One or two of the scenes in the campaign taught us, with a graphic force which volumes of biography might have failed to achieve, the hardships, dangers, and trials of such a career—- the high standard of merit it exacts, the arduous duties it imposes, the dazzling prizes it offers to the deserving aspirant for promotion. We had opportunities of seeing how the young soldier, fresh from the higher forms of Addiscombe, is in critical times, compelled to scope with difficulties and face responsibilities which might overwhelm the calmer fortitude of an expe rienced veteran ; how he may be commissioned to administer the affairs of a remote and turbulent province, to rule rebellious sirdars, and play the diplomatist among men grown grey in tlie subtlest school of Indian statecraft, with no support to rely upon but that of his own courage and conscious ability, and the prestige of the British name. We have seen too, how he may now and then earn, in the very morning of his professional life, honours and distinctions which are commonly reached, if reached at all, only at its close. Cool, sagacious, bold, fertile in expedient, ready and fearless in action, schooled in habits of keen observation, steady, self-control and thorough self-reliance, he must be prepared for any duty to which circum stances may summon him, and is rewarded, not seldom, by opportunities of rising in his profession denied to those whose field of exertion is bounded by the barren routine— -more tedious than toilsome, of her Majesty's service. It is this habit of self-reliance, above all others, which the life of the Indian officer tends to foster, and which, as Sir Andrew Galloway showed the other day, in his excellent address to the students at Addiscombe, his first qualification for success, in every department of the Company's service. The lientenant of Engineers must be capable of turning his hand to everything that requires the exercise of constructive science and skill. He must be as much at home in the task of laying out a road, a railway, 1 or a canal, as in drawing a parallel, or planning a fortification ; nay he must be a bit of a mechanic, and able, at a pinch, to put together, with the help of his workmen, the tools and machinery which in England he; finds fashioned to his hand. The captain of irregular horse has to raise his corps and kedp it together, as well as to lead it into the field. Even the half-fledged Infantry Sub. finds himself in a position materially differing from that of his brother ensign in the Line, whose military experience has been picked up in the barracks, of Carlisle, Kings town, or Toronto. He belongs, in India, to a domi nant race, and has to drill and command not only those whose honest faces are ruddy with the same English blood that runs in his own veins, but the swarthy armies of a conquered people. His soldiers are not only his fellow-subjects, but the vasyals of the great country which numbers him amongst her sons. He must do his part in supporting the fabric of an empire upheld only by the prestige of her past triumphs; and by the energy, fortitude, and robust ' mental constitution of her children and servants. The duty, too often overlooked by the young English officer, of acquiring and exercising -a direct personal influence over .the men he commands, must he often forced upon his mind. Upon this head Sir Andrew Galloway's address contains a passage at once so sensible and so striking, that we must indulge in a lengthened quotation. "Of you, gentlemen, who have finished your course of study, I cannot take leave without offering your a few words of counsel. You have hitherto been under the care of others—you are now to be left to yourselves. You are to join the Indian army. The achievements of that array, within a period of amazing briefness, have won for the arms of Eng land unfading honour. That army has conquered for the Crown of England a magnificent empire. You, my young friends, now so young, will one day be. the guardians of that great empire. To you, gentlemen, And to your comrades, will be committed the discipline and the honour of that army, and "the continuance of its renown. How is this to be obtained ? I have told you before, and I tell you again, it is by commanding the confidence, by winning the affections of your men, that you will secure the faithful energy of the native army ; and it is thus you will lead them to incessant victory. No . matter what odds, to fight has been to conquer. But, gentlemen, remember the attainments required of you before you be worthy the command of such men. . They are strangers to you in manners, in customs, and in religion. : You must acquire their language first of all. Y ou must learn their customs. You must respect their religious ceremonies. . You j must not only be their officer, but their friend. I They will lean upon you as such. They will tell you their wants and their grievances, and you will listen to them and procure them redress. You must know every man in your company, and call them all by their names. You mu3t be just and kind, and patient with them, and not familiar ; and you must exact from, them freely every duty. . An . army of 250,000 men, backed by upwards of j 30,000 of the illustrious army of England, I for, such . is ; the Indian army—an army so officered and so united, so disciplined and so led, ban never be overthrown. With respect to your treatment of the people generally, let me recom mend to you the most patient forbearance. They will not ... willingly offend you ; let not, therefore, any misapprehension on their part or on your own, ruffle your , temper towards them. You will thus secure their respect and your own comfort. I repeat what I before told .you, that I have, never known a man habitually ill-temp eied to the natives rise to eminence in the service/' These admonitions, we may be sure, were not addressed to inattentive hearers. The din of arms and. roar of artillery which were wafted to our ears last winter, from the, banks of the Indus and the Chenab, must have stirred the hearts of the Addis- combe boys like the sound of a trumpet. Already in training for the hardships, dangers, and distinc tion of their future professional life, they must have read . with a glow of pride and eager hope the ex ploits of the. gallant and fortunate youths who were .happy enough, on those bloody fields, the events of which are still fresh in our recollection, to win .themselves a name, and earn credit and honour for the college that educated them. Every inmate of Addiscombe may hope, when his time comes, to emulate the forty-six alumni who distinguished themselves in the late campaign. If we cannot carry our complaisance so far as to wish them a speedy opportunity of doing so, we may at any rate. . congratulate them - on having devoted them selves to :the service of a government which i not ohly educated accomplished men, but stands in continual need of their exertions. The batch Of young soldiers just <lrafted:tH€hatham are not indeed, we rejoice to say, preparing for a ; course of > perpetual bloodshed such as that by which France steels her raw conscripts for still more cruel work at. home ; they may not—and we sin cerely trust they never will — be called, as some of their old fellow students have been, to face a Sikh invasion or an Affghan war ; but they may be assured that they are entering on a career which, to good officers and active-minded men, will never be without its dash of romance and its openings to professional advancement. Singular Courtship in the par West. — The other day I took a heavy boot to a shoemaker, or mender, to be repaired before I set forth on a new expedition, of whom I was told a capital anecdote. An English emigrant had. settled down in a remote part of the forests, where he cleared a little space about him, and built him a log hut. He had been there but a year or two, when, one day as he was absent in the woods with his eldest daughter, his hut took fire and burned down. His wife was sick, but she managed to crawl out, taking the straw bed on which she lay. At evening the husband re turned to find his house in ruins. It was a winter night, and the snow lay deep on the ground. Calling aloud, he heard a faint voice reply, and going in the direction from which it came, he found his wife stretched on the bed in the snow. Getting together a few boards from the conflagration, he made a shelter over her. That night she was safely delivered of a child, which survived, and is now living. But under the. exposure and excitement together, the husband- took a violent cold, which having fastened on his lungs, and being resisted by no medical treatment whatever, terminated in a consumption. He, however, reared another hut, and, during the summer, a young settler came in and purchased a track near him. He being the only family within a long distance, this backwoods- j man often passed the evenings in their society. It I was not long before he discovered that his neigh- ; hour could not long survive, for the most ignorant | in this region known all the symptoms of pulmonary disease which carries off three-fourths of those who,, die. . Accompanying this conclusion, came naturauy ine renecuon, yvnat wouia Decome 01 his wife ? and, as she was good looking and indus trious, he thought he could not do better than marry her himself. Acting under , this considera tion, he mentioned the Wtter, remarking that her husband could not live .long, and asked if she would marry him after he Was dead ? She replied that she had no objection, at. all, if " her husband was willing !" He said he had no doubt on that point, and would speak to him about it. He did so, and the husband unhesitatingly gave his consent, adding that he was glad she would be so well provided for after his death. So when the winter approached, the young settler would come and 4 court' the prospective widow, while the dying husband lay and coughed on the bed in the corner.. Now, there was not much sentiment in this, I grant, but there was a vast deal of philosophy. It was rather cool on her part, to be sure,- but vastly sensible on his. What could his wife and children do alone. in the woods, without a protector ? The toughest part of the proceeding, and that which no doubt, tested the backwoodman's philosophy the severest, was the courtship. To lie gasping for breath in one part of the room, and see the young, athletic, and healthy backwoodsman and his wife sitting together by the fire, pnd know that after a few more painful weeks, he would occupy the place permanently, and bear it patiently, required a good deal of. stamina. Especially the reflection, that they were both pro bably, very anxious to have him take his departure must have been rather a bitter pill to swallow. I go into these, little particulars you know, to show the character of my hero to the best advantage ; the " heroine speaks for herself." These two in teresting personages were my shoemaker and his wife.- — Headley's Adirondack, or Life in the Woods. Buffalo Hunting in the Red River Settlement. —When they set out for the plains, they observe all the order and regularity of a military march ; officers - being chosen for the enforcement of dis cipline; who are subject to the orders of a chief, whom they style " M. le Commandant." They take their departure from the settlement about the latter end of June, to the number of from 1,200 to 1,500 souls; each hunter possesses at least six Carts, and Some twelve ; the whole number may amount to 5,000 carts. Besides his : riding nag and cart horses, he has also at least one buffalo runner, which he never mounts until he is about to charge the buffalo. The " runner" is tended . with all the care which the cavalier of old bestowed on his war steed his housing and-, trappings are garnished with bead and porcupine quills, exhibiting all the skill which the hunter's wife or belle can exercise ; while head and tail display all the colours of the rainbow in the variety of ribbon attached to them. The " Commandant" directs the movements Of the whole cavalcade : at a signal given in the morning by the sound of trumpet, alias, blowing a horn, the hunters start together for their horses ; while the women and servants strike the tents, and pack up and load the baggage. The horses being all collected, a second blast forms the order of march : the carts fall in, four abreast ; the hunters mount ; and dividing into their different bodies, one pre cedes the baggage, another closes the line, and a third divides on both flanks. The third blast is the signal for marching; They halt about two hours at noon, for. the purpose of allowing their cattle time to feed ; and the same order is observed starting in the morning. When they encamp at night, the carts v are placed in a circle; and the tents are pitched within the enclosed space, so as to form regular streets ; the horses are " hobbled" and turned loose to graze. All the arrangements . for the night being completed, guards are ap pointed to wateh over the safety of the camp, who are relieved at fixed hours. In this manner they proceed, until they approach the buffalo grounds, when scouts are sent out to ascertain the spot where the herd may be found. The joyful discovery being made, the scouts apprise the main body, by galloping backwards and forwards, when a halt is immediately ordered. The camp is pitched the hunters mount their runners ; and the whole being formed into an extended line, with the utmost regularity they set forward at a hand gallop; not a soul advances an inch in front of the line, until within gun-shot of the herd, when they rein up for a moment. The whole body then, as if with one voice, shout the war-whoop and rush on the herd at full gallop, each hunter, singling out an animal, pursues it until he finds an opportunity of taking aim ; the animal being dispatched, some article is dropped upon it that can be afterwards recognised. The hunter immediately sets off in chase of another, priming, loading, and taking aim at full speed. A first-rate runner not unfrequently secures ten buffaloes at a course, from four to eight is the usual riumber. He Who draws the first blood claims the animal, and each individual hunter is allowed whatever he kills. — M Lean's Hudson's Btiy Territory. A Lynx Hunt in the United States. — We stated a few days since that a lynx had been killed in Weare, New Hampshire, by a lad of 16 years of age. A gentleman from that, vicinity has given us the following account of the exciting particu lars On Saturday, 27th October, a party of individuals in Weare, started out on a " squirrel hunt," and among the number was Master Almon Favour, a youth of 16 years of age, who was armed with a small gun, intended only for squirrels, partridges, and other small game. Dining the day his dog tried a large loup cervier — a species of wild cat or lynx. The courageous lad not wishing to lose so good a " count" for his " side" although his gun was loaded but with a light charge of small shot, drew up the weapon, and fired, the charge taking effect in the shoulder of the animal. The animal apparently took but little notice of the wound, and after walking back and forth upon a large limb several times, all the while eyeing his two antagonists below, he deliberately backed down the trunk of the tree and sprang at the lad, but the faithful dog in terfered, and a sharp contest ensued between the two animals. At length the dog was overpowered for a moment, when the lynx made a second spring at the lad, but was again prevented from effecting his object by the interference of the dog, and a second fight ensued between the two. While this was going on, the lad laid aside his gun, and arming himself with a stout club, he in turn went to the rescue of his noble Oanine friend, and seizing a favourable opportunity, struck the " varmint" a heavy blow between the ears, which laid him dead at his feet. After resting a while, yound Favour shouldered his game, and started for home. Before he had gone far he came acrtifes the carcass of a fresh-killed sheep, upon which the animal had probably breakfasted that morning. The loup cervier weighed 27 lbs. and his -longest tusks measured two and a half inches in length. The lad received two dollars bounty ; from the town, and also disposed of the skin for a handsome sum, thus making a profi table day's work. — -Boston journal. Why is a person who lavs a wager as bad as a regular gambler? — Because £e is no BETTER, An. Indian, Catacomb in South America. — The farther part' of the valley is densely wooded, and it is in this shady portion that the cave of Atai;uipe is situated. It is not properly speaking a cave, but. rather a vaulted roof formed by a far over hanging cliffy the cavity having apparently been formed by the waters when at their ancient level. This place is the vault or cemetry of an extinct nation. We counted about 600 well-preserved skeletons, placed in as many baskets, woven from the stalks of palm : leaves. These baskets, which the Indians call " umpires/'- are, shaped like square sacks, differing in size according to the age of the deceased. Even new-born children, had each its own mapire. The skeletons; are - so perfect; that not a bone nor a joint is wanting. The bpnes had been prepared in three different ways; some bleached, some coloured red with onoto, the pig ment of the Bixa Orelana, and some like mummies closely enveloped in sweet-smelling resin and plan tain leaves. The Indians assured us that the cus tom had been to bury the fresh corpses for some months in damp earth, which consumed the flesh ; they were then dug up, and any remaining flesh scraped away with sharp stones. This, the Indians .said, was still the practice of several tribes in Guiana, Besides the mapires or baskets, we found urns of half burnt clay, which appeared to contain .the bones, of entire families. The larger of these urns were about three feet high and nearly six feet Jong, of . a pleasing oval form and greenish colour, -having handles shaped like snakes and crocodiles, .and meandering or labyrinthine ornaments round -the - upper margin. These ornaments are quite ; similar to those which cover the walls of the Mexi can. Palace at Mitla. They are found in all coun tries and climates, and in the most different stages of human cultivation, — among the. Greeks -and the .Romans, as well as on the shields of the natives of /Tahiti and other islands of the South Sea,— wherever the eye is gratified by the rhythmical recurrence of regular forms. These similarities, as ?I have elsewhere remarked in more detail, are -rather to be ascribed to psychological causes, or to such as bdlong inherently to our mental consti tution, than to be viewed as evidence? of kindred descent or ancient intercourse between different nations. Our interpreter could give us no certain information as to the age of these vessels ; that of , the skeletons appeared for the mOst part not to exceed a century. It is reported among the Gua- reca Indians, that the brave Atures, being pressed .upon by cannibal Caribs, withdrew to the rocks of . the , Cataracts : a melancholy refuge and dwelling- place, in. which the distressed tribe finally perished, and. with them their language. In the most inac cessible parts of the liaudal there are cavities and .recesses which have served like the cave of Ata- ruipe as burying places. It is even probable that the last family of the Atures may not have been Jong deceased, for (a singular fact) there is still in .May pur es an old parrot, of whom the natives .affirm that he is not understood because he speaks the Ature language. We left the cave at night fall, after having collected, to the great displeasure .of our, Indian guides, several sknlls and the entire . skeleton of a man. One of these skulls had been figured by Blumenbach, in his excellent craniolo- gical work, but the skeleton (together with a large part of our natural history collections, , especially ,tjbe entomological) was lost in a shipwreck on the .coast of Africa, in. which our friend and former travelling companion the young Franciscan monk Juan Gonzalez, perished. — Humboldt's Aspects of s Nature. , Scotch Catechism.— Pedagogue— Wha was Go- Jiah? Boy— The muckle giant wham David slew ,.wi' a sling and a stane. Ped. — Wha was .David? Boy— The son of Jesse. Ped. — That's a braw man ; an', noo, wha was Jesse? Boy — The flower of Dumblane !. , One day during term time, as a solicitor, of no gentleman-like , appearance, was passing near Lin coln's Inn, with his professional bag under his arm, lie was accosted by a JeAV with " Clows to sell, sir, old clows ?" The laAvyer, someAvhat nettled at this address, from a supposition that Moses mistook him for an inhabitant of Duke's Place, snatched a ..bundle of papers from his bag, and replied " No sir, they are all new suits."— Anecdotes of the Bar. — Penny Magazine. ... The principal of an academy, in his advertise- nicnt,, mentioned his female, assistant and the /'reputation for teaching which, she beaTs /' but the printer — careless felloAVT— left out the "which," ;sqr the advestisement went forth to the public, commending . the lady's, reputation for; " teaching she bears." The Rochdale Savings' Bank. — The investgation into the affairs of the bank by Mr. Kenworthy, the accountant, progresses rapidly, and may be expected to be soon brought to a close. Nearly all the books of the depositors have been sent in, so that the actual deficit we shall shortly be able to announce. It will, probably, ho Avever, not exceed from £71,000 to £74,000. The amount of deposits made by unen- rolled friendly, burial, sick, and other societies of a similar character, is about £10,000. The trustees are ' exceeding anxious that' the depositors should recei ve -' back every farthing, both principal and in terest;, and it is but fair to state that from the first their chairman, the Rev. Dr. Molesworth,' the vicar of; the parish, has displayed the greatest energy, perseverance, and judgment in their behalf. The Society of Friends have held two or three meetings to consider what steps should be taken by them as a body in reference to the private creditors of the late Mr. Haworth. The result of the deliberations Ave have not ascertaiue'd, but it is supposed they will at least make ample provision for Mrs. Haworth, in the event of that being requi site. As we announced in our last, it is thought the defalcations commenced in 1836, Avhen the Rochdale branch of the Commercial Bank (gener ally knoAvn as the Rochdale Commercial Bank) commenced winding up its affairs, and Avhen there Avas a balance at the bank against Mr. Haworth of upwards of £5000. — Manchester Courier. — Our Rochdale correspondent says : — The sick societies which are not enrolled, and have money in the Rochdale Savings' Bank, have meetings every night in the week. It is said to be doubtful whether unenrolled clubs Avill get any share of the money that may be be collected. The defalcations will not be much short of £100,300,- and the amount of property towards the above is said to be from £20, 000 to £30,000,. The books have been kept in a curious state for the last ten years, during which the bank has continually been going bad. The circumstances of the Rochdale S?mngs' Bank will long; be remembered, aud no doubt will tend to an examination of the system of other savings' banks in this country. The greatest portion of the depo sitors in the Rochdale Bank' are operatives.— Zhtfr- pool Mercury, December. How to make a Gooi) Dinner.— An Esqimaux, dining in a chandler's - shop, would be an alarm ing sight: now deep in an Oil jar— how string ing bunches of candles in his teeth, like so many bunches of currants. . . ' . " There is: a tendency to roast beef in Old England ; nay, more, there is a love for turtle fat, of marrow pudding ; there is more of the North Pole than of the Equator in an English appetite. We enjoy our afternoon nap, Ave love to dine abundantly. The vultures, Avhen they get a feast of carrion, cram to the throats, and then nod heavily over their banquet, so drowsy that they can be approached and easily knocked down. That is the way to dine. Your ancestors may stare out from their frames upon your dinner table ; it is the light-— they are pictures, and cannot look aghast. Make a sufficient meal of soup and fish ; add to it a satiety of meats; then fill up hll crevices Avith pastry and fruits ; finally, throughout the whole mass percolate wine. Wine is our carboniser our - agreeable substitute for blubber. An Arab host once told a guest that he perceived a hair upon the rice then passing to his mouth. The guest arose and departed, because his mouthfuls were inhospitably watched. It was no Arab/but an alderman, wlm-e mouthfuls were once watched and recorded in a far more inhospitable fashion. This alderman, Avho carried to7 extreme the precau tions against health, Avhich I am now advising, was one day at a feast, a large tub was established in another room, and Avhen anything was put on a plate for the good of the alderman's stomach,1 a plate was sent Avith a corresponding benefaction to feed the alderman's tub. The tub filled — the alder man dined; The alderman afterwards departed, and the tub was exhibited, containing a mess exactly similar to that which the festive guest took Avith him in his stomach. Soup, fish, blancmange, porter, ices, jellies, gravies, meats, salads, wines, vegetables, trifle, tarts, . pudding. Who can depict how all Avere intermixed ? Take, then, these precautions in the way of dinner. Let your kitchens contain as many spices sauces, and condiments, as there are: poisons in the Pharmaeopoea, and let your cook make use of as many implements as ah Inquisition | servant, in the Book of Martyrs. Let your table be well spread. — Live generously.— Take a glass of some cordial, may ..well be added — and .three, four, five, or six -glasses after wardi?. Eat to satisfy your palate, not your hunger. "Eat of many rhings i , acquire a: taste t for: rich, -baked pastry ; and the more you- feel that your dinner would look filthy, if you could see it altogether in a tub, the better is your chance of injured health. The state of 'vulturism' is, at any rate, attainable. Eat until you are torpid, and enjoy an after-dinner' nap:— Book of Public Health. Somnambulism. — When on a voyage to New York, we had not been four days at sea before an occurrence of a very singular nature broke our quiet. It Avas a Ghost! One night, when all was still and dark, and the ship rolling at sea before the wind, a man sprang suddenly on deck in his shirt, his hair erect, his eyes starting from their sockets, and loudly vociferating that he had seen a ghost. After his horror had a little subsided, avc asked him what he had seen ? He said lie saw the figure of a Avoman dressed in white, Avith eyes of flaming fire: that she came to his hammock and stared him in the face. This we treated as an idle dream, and sent the frantic fellow to his bed. The story became the subject of every one; and the succeeding night produced half-a-dozen more terrified men, to cor roborate Avhat had happened to the first ; and all agreed in the same story, that it was a avo- man. The rumour, daily increasing, at length came to the ears of the captain and officers, who were all equally solicitous to discoA'cr the true cause of this terrific report. I placed my self night after night beneath the hammocks, to watch its appearance, but all in vain; yet still the appearance was nightly, as usual, and the horrors and fears of the people rather daily in creased than diminished. A phantom of this sort rather amused than perplexed my mind; and when I had given over every idea of discovering the cause of this strange circumstance, and the thing began to Avear aAvay, I Avas surprised one very dark night, as seated under the boats, with a stately figure in white stalking along the decks ! The singularity of the event struck my mind that this must be the very identical ghost which had of late so much disturbed the ship's company. I therefore instantly dropped down, from the place I was in, to. the deck, on which it appeared, when it passed immediately very quickly, turned round,' and marched directly forwards. I followed, it Closely, through the gallery, ami out at the Head-doors, when the figure dnstaUtly disappeared, which very much astonished me/ 'I then leaped upon the forecastle; and asked of the people avIio were walking there, if such a figure had passed them ? They replied, No ! Avith some emotion and pleasure as I had ever ridiculed all their reports on tin's subject. Hoivever, this night's scene between me and the ghost became the theme of the ensuing day. Nothing particular transpired till twelve o'clock, Avhen, as the people were pricking at the tub for their beef, it Avas discovered that Jack Sutton Avas missing. The ship's company Was directly mustered, and Jack Avas no Avhere to; be /bund. I then inquired of his messmates the character of the man; and after a number of in terrogatories, one of them, said, that Jack -Sutton used to tell them a number of comical jokes about his Avalking in his sleep. Noav the mystery was unravelled: and this terrific ghost, which had so much alarmed all the sailors, now proved to be the unfortunate poor Jack Sutton, Avho had walked everboard in his dream i The first fellow Avho spread this report, and who showed such - signs of horror, Avas found on inquiry, to be a most flagitious villain, Avho had murdered a woman, wholie believed always haunted him ; and the appearance of -this sleep-walker confirmed in his mind the ghost of the murdered fair one ; for in such cases, conscience is a busy monitor, and ever active to its oivn pain and disturbance.— Dr. Binn's Anatomy of Sleep. Neav and Fearful Mode of Execution. — It appears from the journal of an European travel ler, that a neAV and fearful mode of execution has recently been adopted by the great Mogul. The instrument and process are thus described. A box, each side of Avhich is fifteen feet square, is constructed of timber about eighteen inches thick, dove- tailed together, and braced with iron rods. The outside of the bottom of the box is covered with a plate of iron one inch- in thick ness. The interior is filled with perfect cubes of granite, weighing, in the aggregate several thousand tons. A machine is erected after the manner of an ordinary pile-driver, but of course on an enor mous scale, and of tremendous strength.? The mass is raised by a powerful machinery, caist -in Birmingham for the express purpose, though it is to be. presumed, that the machinist- by whom the work was furnished had no idea of the horrible purpose for which it was intended. The human victim is placed upon a block of granite, of a cor responding surface, buried in the earth immediately beneath the enormous mass, and covered with a plate of iron. . At a signal given by the vicrama- daclc, the executioner touches a spring, the mass falls, and the victim, crushed at once, is suddenly annihilated, and sprc&d; out like a sheet of paste board ! The huge weight being again raised, the flattened body is withdrawn, and dried in the sun. When completely prepared, it is hung over the walls of a public building, there to serve as a warn ing to the multitude. Absence op Mind. — The promoter of the Great Hanseatic, intending to drink a pint of beer, poured into his stomach the contents. pf an inkstand. He found out his mistake when he discovered his body' breaking out all over with a new prospectus. ' ' 