THE AMOROUS MILLER. I've heard it said that here below 'Tis love alone our lives can gladden; But my own heart I cannot know, For my new bliss that heart doth sadden— (da capo) Since Simonne's daughter made me smart, As she pass'd by my mill (d. c.) ah ! ha ! For work, alas! I've no more heart; To love like this is going too far (d. c. ) Ah! ha! ah ! ha! 'tis going too far. Such love as this is dev'lish hot, Of nought I think but this sad spell; And in her stable I forgot My poor she-ass that serv'd me well (da capo) For three long days without a meal, She render'd up the ghost (d. c.) ah ! ha ! Poor innocent! her death I feel— To love like this is going too far; (d. c.) Ah ! ha ! ah ! ha ! 'tis going too far. Before from love I'd this attack My mill was all in all to me; I joyed to hear its sweet tic tac, From dawn I sung, right full of glee, (d. c.) The once lov'd noise now makes me sour, Its tic tac rends my heart (d. c.) ah ! ha ! But all this does not grind me flour— To love like this is going too far; (d. c.) Ah ! ha ! ah ! ha ! 'tis going too far. No heavier man was e'er beheld Within my village or its bounds ; 'Till, by ill-luck, with bliss o'erwhelm'd, I weigh'd, good troth, three hundred pounds— (d. c.) But now, alas ! I am so spare— And far from gaining flesh (d. c.) ah ! ha! That lighter soon I'll be than air— To love like this is going too far; (d. c.) Ah ! ha' ah! ha ! 'tis going too far. My friends to marriage would advise, But I resisted in despite; I thought my conduct staid and wise, And I believe that I was right (d. c.) Great ills to remedies succumb, As the old proverb states (d. c.) ah! ha! I'll marry then, my love t'o'ercome— To love like this is going too far. Ah ! ha ! ah ! ha ! 'tis going too far. CAPTAIN FITZMAURICE'S ORKNEY ROTARY ENGINE.—Several private trials took place last week, at Taplow, on the Thames, with a rotary engine, which has been brought to its present working condition by Captain the Hon. W. E. Fitzmaurice (late 2nd Life Guards) and his brother-in-law, Mr. Harford. The engine is very simple, merely consisting of two pieces so ma- thematically arranged that the interior part works in the outer with the greatest ease, being free from dead points, and without the slightest vibration, however great the velocity. It has no springs or packing, and the parts meet each other so harmoniously as only to give a humming noise like a spinning-top, and is not in the least liable to get out of order, the wear being perfectly uniform throughout. The entire motion being a rolling instead of a cutting one, the engine will last long without re- pair, as the surface becomes case har- dened in a very short space of time. The trials took place in the presence of several scientific gentlemen and engineers of eminence in the profession, in a frigate's pinnace, the engine being constructed for the Government. The boat is of ten tons burthen, carrying a load of five and a-half tons, and draw- ing four feet of water. She is 32 feet long, and 8 feet breadth of beam, made for carrying men and carronnades, but not in anyway calculated for speed, and yet the engine of 10 horse power, occupying a space of 21 inches, drove a screw propeller of 3 feet in diameter, and 4 feet pitch, with such velocity as to make 200 revolutions in a minute, the motion being given on the direct action principle. Although the boat was not at all calculated for speed, she was propelled against the stream a dis- tance of two miles in twenty minutes, equal, allowing for the strength of the current, to eight miles an hour. The engine weighs considerably less than 1 cwt. to each horse power, and requires much less fuel than the ordi- nary engine, and is so easily set in motion, graduated to any velocity, or stopped, that a boy of 12 years of age might manage it with one hand. It was made under the superintendence of Mr. Bulman, jun. of Croydon, who has given great satisfaction to his employers; and the best judges have pronounced a high opinion if its capabilities after wit- nessing its performances. Captain Fitz- maurice makes no secret of the inven- tion, but shows its interior freely, as it is intended for the public service. An engine of 100 horse power, on Captain Fitz-maurice's construction, would only occupy a space of four feet by two. Weekly Dispatch. The Mona's Herald contains an ex- tract from a letter written by an Englishman in America to a friend in the Isle of Man on the Yankee passion for " trading." " On board the steamer at St Louis, a young Missourian took a fancy for my printed cotton shirt, and asked would I swap. A 'trade' was struck—I receiving his shirt, with three rattlesnakes' rattles, a water-melon, and a recipe for the whooping-cough, for mine. The coveted shirt was transferred from my back to his—he remarking that it was well aired ; which was the case, as I had worn it a week."— Weekly c- ewe. THE DYAKS OF BORNEO.—The fol- lowing extract from the diary of an intelligent traveller, relative to the Dyaks of Borneo, fully confirms Rajah Brooke's statement, that the Dayaks of the Sarebas tribe "from their great dread of fire- arms, may be kept in subjection by a comparatively small body of Malays." "The sound, Rajah Brooke states (vide ' Captain Rodney Munday's Journals of Rajah Brooke,' vol. 1. page 237) of imusketry or cannon, was enough to put the whole body to flight, and when they did run, fully the half disappeared, re- turning to their own homes." The fol- lowing is the passage referred to: "What these people mostly dread is the musket;it is inconceivable what a sen- sation of fear comes over the bravest of the Dyaks, when they have an idea a few muskets may possibly be brought against them ; no inducement will prevail upon them, however numerous, to go forward ; hence the Bugis, with a handful of men, act towards them as they think proper, making them deliver over not only the produce of the country for a trifling ex- change, but a certain number of their children yearly, whom they sell as slaves. Selgie can bring at least 12,000 fight- ing men, and yet the Bugis with 50 muskets and a few boatswivels, will not hesitate to meet them ; the fact is, they no sooner hear the report of a gun than they run deep into the jungle ; if they are in boats they leap into the water, and after gaining the shore, never stop they are out of hearing of the re- port. The most sensible of the Dyaks have a superstitious idea of fire-arms; each man, on hearing the report fancies the ball is making directly towards him- self, he therefore runs, never thinking himself safe as long as he hears the explosion of gunpowder; thus a man hearing the eeport of a swivel 5 miles off will still continue at full speed, with the same trepidation as at first. They have not the least conception of the range of gun-barrels. I have been frequently out with Selgie and other chiefs, shooting monkeys, birds, &c.; and offended them in refusing to fire at large birds at the distance of a mile or more ; they inva- riably put such refusal down to ill-nature on my part. Again, firing at an object, they cannot credit it is missed, although, they see the bird fly awav, but consider that the shot is yet pursuing, and it must fall at last." EXTRAORDINARY COMBAT.—Captain Rochfort, of the British and Irish Com- pany's screw-vessel ' Rose,' arrived at Dublin lately from London, and reported having on his passage fallen in with a whale of large dimensions, on a Sunday morning, at 2 o'clock, seven miles south west of the Lizard. This monster of the deep was suffering severely at the time in an encounter with two well- known enemies of his tribe—a sword- fish and a thrasher. These formidable creatures generally go together through the waters, and are reputed to be joined in a league of unrelenting enmity against the cetaceous animals. Captain Rochfort and the crew saw the combat for about three quarters of an hour, but being obliged to continue their voyage homewards, they had to forego the peasure of witnessing the struggle to its close, and taking in tow to Dublin the body of the vanquished, for of his being eventually worsted in the affray there was no doubt whatever. The sword-fish was seen once driving his tremendous weapon into the belly of his victim, as he turned on his side in agony. The threshe r fastened on his back and gave him terrible blows, which were heard at a distance with great distinctness. The latter not having any power to strike in the water, it was the instinctive policy of the sword-fish to make the attack from below; this causing the whale to rise to the surface, which he did at times to a remarkable height, the other assailant, which was about 90 feet long, then dealt out his blows unsparingly, with all the force of his lengthy frame—between them their victim must have suffered extremely; he spouted blood to an immense height, and crimsoned the sea all round to a considerable distance. Being within 200 yards of the ship, to which the whale appeared to make for protection, the conflict was distinctly visible to all on board, who regretted it was not per- mitted them to await the issue, and carry off the prize from epicure whalers, whose palates are satisfied, notwith- standing all their labours, with the tongue of their unweildy antagonist, upon which alone they condescend to feast, leaving the carcass to some coarser appetite, or, as it may be hoped in this instance, to some lucky fishermen, whose toil in securing it will be well repaid.—Dublin Mail. 