INJUNCTIONS OF THE HOLY SEE ON EDUCATION, Men's minds are now so much engaged in the pursuit of material objects, and so in tent on carrying out the results of the im provements made in physical science, that they seem to forget the end for which thej themselves were created, and to overlook altogether the means of attaining that end. W hiist they can travel with the rapidity of the wind over seas and lands, by the aid of rarified vapour, and convey their thoughts from one end of a continent to another with' the swiftness of lightning, by means of the electric fluid, they areapttoneglecttheknow leclge of Him who created these things, and endowed them with such properties for their , use and benefit. Hence the increasing and fatal indifference of the age to the know ledge of spiritual things : hence the avidity to procure a secular or material cducalioa for the rising generation, and the utter dis regard of securing for them that which alone can be truly called education — the religious traiuing- up of youth in the paths of virtue and morality. In contemplating this thirst for 'secular.' knowledge on the one hand, and this criminal disregard of 'religious' in struction on the other, a reflecting mind will be inclined to think that the period in the lapse of time is fast approaching, which' the Saviour of the world foretold, when he said, ' Thinkest thou that the Son of Man shall find Faith on the earth when He cometh ?' . In fact, if more care be not taken to provide the means of instructing youth in the Christian doctrine and the duties of a Christian, and to - provide teachers deeply imbued with a proper sense of the obligation of imparting ' Christian know ledge ' to their scholars, than can be found under modern systems of education, we may but too surely expaet, that that unhappy time is near at hand, when Faith will not be found on earth. The Tree of ' Faith ' can not grow up, where the sjeds of the Chris-: tian doctrine have not been sown. Hence the anxiety and alarm, on the score of edu cation, manifested by those whose duty it is to sow the seeds of Faith in the minds of youth, and to watch over its growth and to rear it up, until it become a mighty tree, under, whose branches the nations of the earth may come for shelter and repose. Thus we find the Chief Pastor of the Catholic Churcb, even in the midst of his own sufferings and from the depth of his ' exile,' instructing those ' whom the Holy Ghost has placed to govern the Church of God,' and teaching the Bishop3 of Italy by hrs Pastoral Letter, addressed to 'them on ' the 7th of last December, how they are to i % guard and watch over the education of I youth. We shall give an extract or two from [. this admirable Pastoral, and one also from 'I k . the Instruction to the Bishops of France, Addressed to them by his Holiness Pius IX. through his Nuncio,at Paris, on thelSth May last, a^few days only after his own return to I he Chair of Peter, the centre of Catholic unity. FKOM THE PASTORAIi TO THE BISHOPS OF ITALY. ''As the young persons of the lay order ought certainly to be also the objects of your pastoral so licituiile, watch equally, venerable brothers, over all the other schools, public and private, and as far as in your power lies, use all care, employ all your in fluence, make all efforts, in order that m those schools the studies may be in everything conformed to. the rule of Catholic doctrine, so that the youth collected there, instructed in letters, the arts and -— sciences, may have no masters but those who are irreproachable in respect to religion and morals, who, also teaching the youth true virtue, will enable them to discern the snares spread by the impious, to avoid their fatal errors, and usefully and with eclat to serve Christian and civil society. It is for this reason you claim the principal au thority!, an authority entirely free, over the profes sors, of sacred discipline, and over all things which belong to religion or are connected Avith it. Watch, in order that in nothing, and for nothing but above all in-that which concerns religion, there be used in the schools any books but those which are exempt from all suspicion of error, warn those who have the charge of souls to be your vigilant co-operators in all that relates to the schools for young persons. Let them be entrusted only to masters and mis tresses of approved faithfulness, and see that tor the purpose of teaching the elements of the Christian faith to young persons, there be only used the books approved by the Holy See. Upon this point we doubt not the parish priest will be the first to set the, example, and that prepared by your inces sant exhortations they will each day apply them , selves with increased ardour and zeal in the instruc tion .of the children in the elements of Christian doctrine, recollecting that this is one of the most important duties confided to them. You ought also to remind them that in their instructions to young persons, or to the people, they should never lose sight of the Roman Catechism, published con formably to the decree of the Council of Trent, by order of St. Pius V., our predecessor of immortal memory, and recommended to all the pastors of souls bv other sovereign pontiff's, particularly by Clement XIII, as a most proper assistance to repel the frauds of perverse opinions and to propagate and . establish in a solid manner the veritable and holy doctrine. ' You will not be surprised, venerable brothers, if we speak a little long on this subject. Your pru dence, assuredly, has discovered that in these perilous times we ought, you and wej to make the greatest efforts, employ every means, struggle with an un shaken constancy, and display a continued vigilance in everything that concerns the schools, the instruc tion, the education of- children, and the young per sons of both sexes. You know that in our days the ' enemies of religion and human society, impelled by a spirit truly diabolical, endeavour to pervert by every means the intelligence and hearts of the young. With this view there are no means that they do not employ, there is no audacious enter prise1 that they do not attempt tor the purpose of withdrawing from the authority of the church and the vigilance of the sacred pastors, the schools and other establishments intended for the education of youth.' TJIOM THE INSTRUCTIONS TO THE BISHOPS OF FRANCE. ' The Holy Father, not being able to under-rate the high importance of the first religious education of children, those neAV plants, in whom we may hope for a better future for society ; although he is glad to express his approbation of the zeal of the illustrious Bishops of France, nevertheless thinks it his duty, by the charge of his Apostolic Ministry, especially to recommend you, my Lords, in cases where, in your dioceses, mixed schools may be found established, not to cease to take all the measures necessary for securing to Catholic children, who, happily, are almost everywhere the great majority, the advantages of a separate school. For the Holy Father, bitterly deploring the progress made in France, as in other countries, by the religious in diffireritism, which has produced frightful evils in the corruption of the Faith of the people, earnestly desires that on this important point none of the Pastors should cease, as occasion offers, to raise their voice, and sedulously to instruct the Faithful entrusted to their zeal on the necessity of one only Faith, and of one only religion — truth being one ; to call often to the recollection rof the Faithful, and to explain to them, the fundamental dogma, that- — out of the Catholic Church there is no salva tion. ' Such, my Lords, are the considerations and in structions wliich, by order of our Most Holy Father, I had to communicate to your Lordships. ' I have no manner of doubt but that you will receive 'with gratitude this communication of the paternal solicitude of the venerated Chief of he Church, and I have confidence that1 your zeal for the salvation of souls, and for the preservation and amelioration of society, will draw from thence new force and new encouragement for the propaga tion of good principles and sound doctrines — I have the honor to be, my Lords, with profound respect,; your Lordship's most humble and most obedient servant, ' -j- R., Archbishop of Nicrea, *l Nuncio Apostolic.' i In addition to these authoritative injunc V tions of the Holy Father, we subjoin a pas sage, from a Pastoral of our esteemed friend Dr. Ullathorne, addressed to his flock on the 23rd of April, on the same allimpor tant question of Education. 'Education, whicbithe Church has given fromher beginning, and of which, even for the people, she is the inventor, the world is now crying out to have, and to use in its own way, to spread its own doctrines and' spirit ; and the Church alone, the mother of education, seems in danger of being deprived of it, though her own especial attribute. How differently did the great Catholic rulers of the world regard human affairs ; our own great King Alfred, for ex ample, who took up so much of his time to promote the education of the Clergy ; the Emperor Charle magne, who so strenuously devoted himself to forwarding this work, and who expressed to our. learned countryman his one sole wish that he might have in his empire twelve such learned and holy priests as St. Jerome and St. Augustine. Such great minds as these comprehended that by pro viding for the education of learned and holy Priests, the Education of thier kinadoms would follow as a certain consequence. Popes and Gatholic sovereigns of other lands provided for the education of our Clergy when we were helpless, and to this we mainly owe our existing Church. We are even still in debted to other countries for a considerable portion ot our Diergy. Jtias the time not come when we should do something ourselves ? when we should take our share with them in that glory of the fir mament, which is offered to those who, cause others to be instructed unto justce ? The Saints and holy persons who have adorned Italy, and Spain, and France, and Germany for three hundred years, have helped us and prayed for us. St. Vincent of Paul embraced us in his charity; the holy founder of the Passionists devoted his heart and labour for us ; St. Philip Neri, who lived .close by our college at Rome, used to greet our church students affectionately as the 'flowers of the martyrs;' and his holy and learned disciple, Cardinal Baronius, who had a singular affection for the young aspirants to our sanctuary, poured out his feelings towards them in a discourse on the Feast of St. Thomas of Canter bury in the following words : — ' How many a St. Thomas has our age deserved to see, most happy in this respect in the Holy Priests and other noble Englishmen, who have been crowned, may we say, 'iiu a. xiignci. mui LY-iuuui, vYitij. tiuwns ux. a. iwuiuiu. title, when they fell in most glorious martyrdom, not only like St. Thomas, for the liberties of the Church, but for defending-, restoring, and preserving the Catholic Faith : as, amongst others, those whom the Holy Society of Jesus has lately fed with saintly learning, as harmless lambs in the sacred folds, for victims of martyrdom most acceptable to God ; and those who, from the sacred colleges at Rome and at Rheims, those lofty towers oil the sides of the north, and strong garrisons of the Faith, have gone forth to triumphs, and been raised' to crowns. Go on, then, in courage of soul, go on in strength of virtue, ye English youths, who have enlisted your names in so illustrious a service, and devoted your blood with an oath ; truly am I jealous of you with the jealousy of God, when I look on you, candidates for martyrdom, martyrs elect to the highest and noblest purple ; and I am compelled to say, may my soul die the death of the just, and my last end be like to yours.' If such be the solicitude of the Father of the Faithful, of Christ's Vicar on earth, for the Christian education of youth in those Catholic countries, where there are a suffi cient number of clergy to attend to the reli gious instruction of youth, and many pious as sociations for teaching children the Christian Faith, what fear and well-founded apprehen sions on this momentous point must oppress the minds of those who are entrusted with guarding and handing down to posterity the 'deposit' of the Faith, in, this immense region of Australia, where the number of Clergy is so few and so insufficient to the daily extending demands on their pastoral labours ! let, in a country nearly as large as Europe, and with a handful of Priests not adequate, from their fewness, to discharge efficiently the clerical duties of the smallest Diocese in Europe, we are gravely told that, in addition to their other pressing duties, they are also expected to teach the Cate chism to Catholic children in every school from Twofold Bay to Wide Bay, and if they cannot do so, the Catholic children will be left to grow up in ignorance of the first prin ciciples of their religion ! This is a system of education well calculated to eradicate out of Australia, and that in a few short years, whatever little of the Catholic Faith is to be found at present within its wild and semi infidel territory ! 