&tt;î ca ft-» .«,-«> c ./>,. «,p .,.*.' (Puui-ibiini Daily.) I um in tho place where I mu tlomniitied of con heiittc- to apeak tho (ruth, and therefore the truth i speak, impugn it whoso list." WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1850. TO-DAY'S ELECTIONS. I Tin tli-cus-ion into \t liicli wo liiiae been , lui Li tlic bingiilni cours.; adopted by tlic I bi-l kunu n til tilt, lamliditcs l'or election j tins iii), can sou ely be allotted to close 'ti tliout a Uti inoie weirds ol'comment. \V e fu-t li i\o to th ink our contemporaries loi tin' tone adopted hy them, in ttliieh t.ltilc, lor n wonder, ngroeitig nilli us in our object, tiley do u3 Hie credit of im- puting llu most unwin iii) motilen tliet im intent, iur the in fitments \teii.t\e ti- ti. Tlie Daily Nea v, in jiartiiulur, loll ites pis- igt s fi um îecent publications ol the .Da*-»», ti lililí willi-oii.e ingenuity, but .in cut ne ab-inie ol ill limit sty, ho ernie limit- to juitcil into a ilm¿c ot in« t on-i-ti m \, nul sn.iii lint ¿ \\\ or,c. Ae olding to i'h niti-t ili-honest s)-,tem lol nu-(¡uotilion, (li . -c1' turn oi a lew tioidi lit inii'g i | lilli ulii inlcipicf mon, (ne le ting out the t \p! m it um eotiiuncd in (li iu U bin, tin e\ei mu o! - ugle words, or ¡nits oi -t uti ii i , mt i irlhly tiling intent b ¡couti out ni mt tunk tint itti ti i- piibb In 1 Slink-pi ut might be pi ititi tu 11 .H , the llilik might be in uli lo j ri icli iniilcl.ti, Pih)'-. "X tdtl it I li i 1 igt 'w mil.lili in the t\|s'tlHlllI ii.til In- Mm l! Pllllll .Jill",' muid lu ti.itniul in!') i ¡ii titi ii uni ol mindi r V juibbt nut r who could -toop to -lidi nu mu -,i t'liiiloic not nullity ol -eiiou- it t«. tit um, .ntl ne -lilli nut Inn innili u! fin t nie in d, ding v. uli hu i 1 wo ¡i mu-ouït m tti iib i hint.din« -ni It i- 1--1 i li d th i* in Jil i o ii -e ne have adopted with respet to the election of Mr Kerr, we are actuated by some consult i mon i ot tim ultu t ¡ui-itioii ol th it gi nth in in Ioniiril- otu dvu Iniiitiue^ni mu i_\ tint im tlnngo ti 11 It til li l« t tin li ¡li li l 111 Hill nilibili the t lh i ; ot Mi Kin's ¡in tu i upon the Civit ( ullin ii foi iiiuii i luii(,' nu ililli, and ne i in it li t ii to no 1 s« m mithin it \ th in Mi ititi lnin-i li, (o - it nhetliii tin toni nott tilti|il ti tint uti-lum by ('ii-ji'inn ii ti nul t'ii mi , n ml Im n m ti, ¡ngillin nt fui u 'Him nt, Hint lu linn in gul upon lum ¡mt iti It nu mihi' tint tilt, nilen tom - t.id tin Ililli- ni) gi.ing is ti - t uilullt ti um, i-tin t ttmlil go,-liutttd lit it tin i vv i- -u m thing i iilu illt bid, wini li nut lim > but i ubi ii In Km ni t nulli n nu tit. ( )iii uppu um i tu Mi hin i- in" I h ¡i e uti d i- ' u ullin ' windit lu.m tim (mt th it mu i|iu n lum li ii ni anti pit nil nu mt ¡mi ¡i i- s -tu lui' u iipp it nu« ¡up i In Iii u pu u it (luit I--tmit ihm. ji n ti ni ult 11 h li n lit mt | t I itt-t ol iii | t ipu nip i| 11, n lu li tit mu-I ii- nu lit ii i lu I , uni it nu li . on n'n i lli.li i- lln t ni I lulim m otu t u n - til ¡nilli ni Uti is in mill, oi (no i i li- li i ti I Mill I'u I nu ( min ii in p ii In ulm, i.in i nu ti ul I It th m It t i It i ¡ipu iii I ) til ii vu ii iii ml ipil ii , mi I ni t rl mit -lu til 1 tu ti I i in th t uti nu ol Ml l\\.u tu th I will li, l.H min nell ti lill Millnullin I linns, lilli unthill' lliilild I i 1 lum . mu li t > lu 1 t hu p ip i , tint u iiIiin ' tumid m., , t ? t uni> nimltt lum in nil m ul - t ip - i ut m i\ nilli thv ilulli n i, ntl nulli wini li i i lilli It ni ti m » i iiiuit 11 ni tit i (up t i tin tlmid«, I n (lu ¡nu ¡i t til tuiiliii" in to mi linn unit tnmlili , mid ht u . lui n tu um nimm m f. 11, t u n m hi-1 nui, to b mi undi mi ( lui tuon windit ul um tlul VU lu it n IN us m n It in i nliii h tut lil lo lu n , u d om, tis i( «p. ¡ililli (u hut i» t ki ti linn ti «nu lim I lim .(lui. lill tin' Moml n to um tun I, tluil tut hutt it I II ! I I t'l ill i li ' ititi ' 1 1 t ,11 I , tumid ilistiiitiici, horn. Omi ill iii", bicmsi i tiioioti^lily iinpuwi^lid Picjs ibifiiolutu, md i m 01 lilli s J tUion opposes linn, md hi th n inn-oil into t dithol heioiib tbout loiilid njlit lintis, jud so foi ill III -il)a li it lu still no., sluw tlic ii lien submi-Hiun ni icioiiuihikI, oi b- ii put) lo gue his liml-iiioiithidti sdin ii s the lett ml tiley ne ii' nig II Mi ls.cn lind his omi interests 01 Ins on n liilinjs- done lo study, no oin ttould mon than oiii-ihis np[il mil Ins bobines and siiudim-s- ot ¡nu¡ose But ho ins, 01 i Ihei he ought lo li ive, in highei objects (o uni at, i u high« interests to considei, mil his dogged ditci mutation to sick h s own md , to tin distinct sacrifice of the public stell ni, pi ices linn m a most mi- nni bli lignt, linds a sticnglh sshuh he t innot illoi d to lind, to the imputations of his iniinic-, that he stould " bum a totsn to îoast 1 is e¿¿" mul exhibits a wanton dt-ugtrd for the liehngs. of those svho ict suth lum, sshuh nothing on justify or excu i If the grim citalogtio of cuts )ou enume- rate rs consequent upon my re ctitei mg tho Council ncrc to ho in any shape doings ot mino )ou uould, of couise, be narrintcd in making me chargeable wiib tin m Rut this )oudo not cten attempt to insinuate YVc not oui) liisuunti it, but issert it in the broadest tu m-» Unes ils arc theic At piiscnt time is no esciping thctn, no sciious modilic ition oí them You cannot clmuc the kopuds spots, nor can you mii/zli the false md foul mouths ot your Ileialth am\Dai'j Neui, you cannot tit piesent hunt out of politnal existence, the \ ii min such 1P.es3p10tl1u.cs Hatred to an individual alone, gives cfhcac) to thin doings, and that individual having once affix ..ed a self-sict ince, ssould base ibtdid bj it, if he had possessed a pal tide ol tin public- pint toss lath he pretends "Mi Jveri sijs tint sse do lum gross st long m leasing it lo be infilled that he li is tin ust hni)0 li upon the citizens ot 1 it/ lloj V\ ud as a candidate for oflice A Ve li ise no doubt that it svould fat better suit j Mh km to appiai to hue been dngged lorn aid unntlluiglj , but unfoi tunatel) ! sse ni told by a "mil man decplj in his conlidtnce, and (iguiing high upon his list of injin iltonists th it nothing ssasdonc till Mi Iviiisnislns in the malta had bein soti0ht tot md e\¡)iissed It is -caí ni) s irtli st hilo to I ill out suth Ali Jvin is to the possi sion of the huge«t sliaicot s \nity lime is no dinjmgthat both ¡inties h ise tully then piopoition of i mi y common sseakness, mid sutluut a ian des clopinent of the oigan ofsclf csteeni, sse doubt svhether either of us ssould get on tciy satisfactorily m oui re- spective utlling3, but oui s mity has not led us to the belief that th» Gil) Council cannot be i Council without us, not given U3 so exalted a notion ot otu capacttj foi uselulmsa as to lead u» to p «-tip, vsInch alnio°t cseiy model itc man in the com- munity looks upon as equis aient to the en- tile meek ol the lespeetabilit) and eli i ntctei ot the City Council Mr Kerr hups incessantly upon our having e\picased so itnourablc an opinion ol his tot ¡nil ute mciits Wc have stated oin consi Don ol his having done 1 ir mole lor the Coi porat ion than an j o hei man, md vs c lolloss it ii]) by sa) nig th it st c be- bet c lum ibli -till to do in much But he sultully Iocs sight of the po-sibilil) ol time being ill ilketj lionhi-j c nnixton with lilt 1 It i well is ,,001 ellects, an 1 it is nnj issti le t ) convince linn of i flit, vi ibli enuii0h to ethel lint those ill cfte.it iii) ¡nil min iti to a de0itc th t is ¡ it tit i i i j i Vi h n (he um ibli liiit'lids ot Hob Si tel ssi 'ud to et lil ti till sclell ¡uri) lu lui i -tin! 1 d, she toltl hei liu-btntl lint ii hi turi i in tu hi sstniltl tun Hi in out Lut lln ¡ion hin ¡nil ul li i Idle- u plnd n it It -omi shon ol n i t ii, til ti ii im st ere ' Un nun he eti t mils should And si tu -1) to .Mi Kin A- m nidiv tin ti, no mun ian titi so nindi toi tin tit) tonn d iii bunsil! , but lus ¡ne mie. cNiliitlii othtis sei) -uitibli, dtlmu^'i pell) ip- net cijunll) -o VV e look bit' t stn (cn i tin mont Ii- on I), Hud su tutti ti m ghost- ot most cligtbh anti tie el t nig men, tilio ill n pi o tchlidl) point tin lui' i it linn, uni who but lot lum st milli nus» b st ited round our Council I ibli V lun_r suit mu line niells into tin tti-tdl tli- tuite, the th ¡ni ted s[ i its ot pul he nieii - Ruined on the illili o| oin ni in's mil) (mu Diunoodus, Kosh ni , Huí t.« tilín i i^e , Clnkis, Svv in ou-, H iltinnu mi I i liiniditdotliii , Milk -liiiill) iliur, "liming ni sunny no1 in iui0ti, nt then M ninth, mid not lo oin ol llinii ¡ill t in hi - iv ' Mi ii t not (li) g r) 1 k nt nu, « 1 In ti t ni t n it sit 1 lilli it I iVt ii in stmd them nuntin I lim bingi i and still mini h nions, utul jet di-linct i uoii_,li, of mi ii nho ti ouhl h it i lunn bu- ll u d in ill li lililíes-to -titi (hen (el- lon-, but fur lui ni thnt I iltti) ot iibu-c it bull i ni ii bt Ali Ken alum I as »li- te i tis, is ii he huiisill ipi li ti (It i illili ¡ii' Iii it Mi K u Ins lum ill ft li Hu- i« pisul bs hu h 11114 nnu ictinil lit) Iii it h luiil nul t mu ir,i und -1 li dt m il It lus til dill) mi thornhill 1 tip' Ill tin linn til tin uliiiiil inmlitmii ni tu- lum t nu is m I li m I i lu di non- 11 1, 1 1 ils mon li nlUi I to ism t lu- nm-t 1 lui li li sin 1 lull m 1 ut li it iii , 11 illi 1 li mid it Kilt in tut, 1101 uns s lions lull upon hi- dhu u iisit tioui 1 lnn0s ssould hutt 'out ni II 1 in 11 li iii a little lime, li 1 1 Mi Kin bun lilli to minmi lus m m 1 m ini.i Hi hu- si lilt lln it, und li «nu ci lui til to-ilas - ii 1 imn,tin ¡nu itilui ol tin Lunn ii 111 is lu t Inn u It 11 ii 1 s , u iltt themis mid u- tullis, s I linn J01 - nulls, lut sst hill In vii) much -ni- prised to find them so. In spite of all the fine things therefore that Mr. Kerr and his friend and proposer Mr. Edwin Leadbeater, have said about him, we adhere to our opinion that his ¡i nubil litiiintn lln City lulim ti will In a 1* ititiiud nu lui 1 um, and (li it mtsfui liuii ssi lu g ol tsns intilligtiil iili/tn in Fitz Roy Ward to do all in his power to avert. 