THE VANDEMONIAN ARISTOCRACY. FROM the earliest annals of oppression, and feudal felony, when the ruffian lord in his steel panoply rode down the wretched herd of peasant slaves, from the days of unmitigated brute force, and brutalized ignorance, until the present hour, there have always been certain war-cries and stereotyped expressions, by which the parvenu,—cringing with his brow and kicking with his heels,—displays his ardour to be a master-tyrant, adulates on one side, and threatens on the other, ever anxious to stigmatize those who would expose the frauds of power, and insult the generous heart that would stand up for the weak and the cast down against insolent presumption. In the fresh scenes of a young democratic nation's germing hopes, it is miserable to see pinch-featured ghosts of old distinctions peering and stalking about, in all the frippery of ruffles and point-lace, the faded ideas of lackey reminiscences. Among the hard featured sons of toil, the disciples of energy, the workers, the cui bono men of practical vigour, all " that sort of thing," is nauseous and hateful. " Forced to his old remembrance," the emigrant bailiff, or gentleman's footman,—whose calves having lost their symmetry disqualified him for his first calling—or some other flunkeys "outsider" in the race of life,— at home, — having removed here, vaunts himself on his social status, remembers his skill in peculation, thinks of a larger scale, manoeuvres a grant of land, transmogrifies himself at once to a lord of the soil, and declares " anything is good enough for convicts," The laws of the " Kosmos" social, political, and material, as now developed, declare against the establishment of anything resembling an aristocracy in these countries. Primogeniture and entail, the withering remains and representatives of feudalism, and the paternal despotism of kings, with all their supercilious adjuncts, will become obsolete terms, like the Norman- French of the law-courts. If we speak of this young country, as one of germing hope and of fresh scenes, we do so without for one moment forgetting the cloud of damning obloquy that hangs over it. But with a disinterested consideration we view the matter in this light. The name of a convict-colony is a term of reproach in the eyes of the world— she marks it with a blot on the page of her great history. Travellers, Americans, and foreigners of rank, have visited these shores. Before their eyes were presented the settlers and the working-classes; they could learn very little truth respecting the former while casual visitors at banquet tables, but they found the latter were industrious and orderly, consequently they gave the population a good name. Notwithstanding this fact, acknowledged over and over again—the reproach of " convict colony " was sounded loud and far; other rising states in the same seas, to mark their own distinction, aided the peal with their voices. White slavery was then in vogue —the assignment system, money was being made. The settlers, if they heard the cry, so long as they were making money, heeded it not. But assignment ceased, and other causes of a commercial nature brought the wealthy down. From that day to this the settlers have been abusing and maligning their late victims, to the purpose that a great gulf might be placed between them in the estimation of civilized communities, without reflecting that all their slander and all their opprobrium would but recoil on their own heads and their own homes. " O ! 'twas a vile bird." And now they are beginning to prate about a virtuous peasantry and cottage homes—and the horrors of " convict rookeries," and the consequence of the cougregation of convicts, male and female. This is all arrant fudge ! Their constant desire, endeavour, and interest—as their selfishness deemed it—has been to keep on foot a shifting population of blue- shirted, kangaroo-knapsacked labourers, whom they could feed like beasts, stye like pigs, work like horses, and get rid of like any other old worn-out animals. These men complain too of the provision made for paupers—paupers many of whom have helped to make their roads and clear their estates. The greatest curse of these colonies at the present time is the accumulation of land. The poor man has no chance. Give the working classes fair play, and they will become what they are in the new States of America, proprietors, and not tenants. Without homes, virtue is incompatible with the condition of labouring men in any country. Do away with the crown-rents—smash the sheepruns—and give the " convict rookeries " a trial before you preach about what has never happened. The following passages are from a Port Phillip paper, and are extracted from the statement of a settler, who came to Van Diemen's Land in 1814. Speaking of some prisoners who attempted to escape from this colony, he says— " They were soldiers of Napoleon, taken prisoners in Spain, and then induced to enlist in the British army, in order to escape a lingering death from imprisonment and starvation. Having deserted, they were transported for life. These men, and three Irishmen, sent out for an Irish crime—some alleged rebellion, embarked in the undertaking "—" stimulated by a desire for liberty, and to effect their deliverance from the system of white slavery, which in those days reigned cruelly over Van Dimen's Land. A tyranny the most cruel and debasing in the whole world, especially when administered by those professing to be clergymen of the church as by law established. But parsons, as magistrates, both at home and abroad, are noted for their cruelty. Poachers in England, and " old hands," can vouch for the truth of this remark. The one referred to here, the Rev. (the name is published in the Port Phillip paper) was one of the most cruel of the cruel. His delight was to stand by and see men receive the torture of the lash, that he had sentenced them to; and then, with his usual half downcast, half sidelong glance, he would enjoy the pangs his sentence as a magistrate had awarded ; when others would give twenty-five lashes he would order one hundred, and to many scores of men has he ordered five hundred lashes each, aye, at one time, and stood by enjoying the sight of their lacerated bodies and streaming blood; but he did not really enjoy himself unless the torture extorted loud cries. Then his frame would be seen to expand, his sly, sneaking look would wander from side to side, and the glance of his demoniacal countenance would betray his satan-like enjoyment. If the tortured did not cry out, dreadful was his fate if he again came under the tender mercies of this reverend minister of the Church of England—this worthy minister of that God who " delights in mercy and not sacrifice.'" The man who did not cry out, if he came a second time before this reverend magistrate, was sure of at least from two hundred to five hundred lashes; aye, and worse, for Jones the torturer regularly received orders on such occasions for new cats, and was invariably instructed to put out his whole strength, or another torturer should be employed to flog the flagellator (Jones.) In this way men were frequently disabled and crippled for life, if they escaped death, in consequence of the severity of the punishment." Reading this, is it to be wondered that there is evil amongst the prisoner population—reading this, is it not to be wondered that so much has been accomplished—that there is any redemption among them at all ? This is a specimen of the way affairs were conducted under the assignment system, in the "good old times." A more civilized dispensation followed; and it was then, and not till then, that the settlers discovered their reproach, and opened their volleys of abuse on the poor wretches who were endeavouring to work their path through the vale of suffering; individuals who have in many thousand instances, shown themselves equal to the gentlemen whose only virtue had been their position. Prisoners who have manifested that the hand of Providence— that Providence,— " Whose pathway is the mighty deep, Who rides upon the storm," —can raise human nature again, and inserting the image of the Eternal in the lowest,—for the image is there amid all vilenessand every degradation —can raise man—as man—as an intellectual and humanized being, from the direst doom, the deepest depths, aud the most contaminating influences. Let the proud, the straitlaced, the supercilious, and spotless religious, reflect on these things, and, while elevating himself, his character, his moral rank, his family's prospects, on his own fragile pinnacle of purity, remember, that neither he himself, nor any one belonging to him, have been made superior to circumstances, the influence of causes, or the force of temptation; and while Christianity is his daily theme and hourly boast, let him lay it to his heart, that the great Founder of his creed, and its subliinest expression—' CHARITY' —neither disdained the thief, nor declared that the Magdalene was ever past hope— was "incorrigible." 