TO THE EDITOR OF.,THE LAUNOESTON. EXAMINER. T'O THOSB'eWHOM'IT MAY' CONCERN. Smn,--When I last adtdressed'yoti'I endeavored to show the deceit and falsehood of a few Indi. vidutals who are continliially branding as traitors the real friends oPf:tle'colony., I attempted to siio?o'that the h"initatioii 'a' false, and thnt it was made by men the mete mention of whose. names deprived :of credibility. anystory they might dirciilate. 'It was niyLintention i ii pursuing the cobid'eraiidin. of tlei stibiject to haIve glanced at thelate attempt: made .on the southern, side to establish a Tasmanian Union: but that absurdity issettled,,and'its miserable ghost now wanders in the stygiaulshades, lamenting its want of futnereal honors. Siliniiee is peraihaps the best tribute 'we can pay the departed ; repeated references to the dead are harrassing to survivors. The subject of my present" communication is to sport'for an instant witll ther maniac ia;vings of'a local print. It was not without due consideration that I penned the passages in my last, which from ilie'strongidjectives :employed by. yoar contem porary, iappear to have given hiim'so muclt'pain: Sliad no ,atrticular indiividual iii view,;biiit if con firmation of my statements is required, strely abundant proof of their truth is furnished in Thursdafi's 'issie of; the Chrohicle. 'Forgetfitlof the.fact that the previotusweek'ihe had denounced tlhe mnion, inl his pio!bisall lie tctiily commendstihe nimvemient on Thursday.. 'It is hot to exhibit the 'incotnsieteey dof ~the Chronicle that I now write: the Imble have ceased to look for honesty hi that journal; but it is to liow 'who constitute the class of persons mentioned .in my last. -Surely, the modest tone, the pious epithets, and the very-tem perate language employed, prove that the 'reputa tioli:of the' writer Uha suffered in conitmoti with that of the colony . "I do not intetid to trouble yous with any length ened :remtarks : your conttempdrary having fitted on the cap, l'feel'tl6 inclinat'ion'to deprivce him'of tbhelionor'of wearing it. ' PUDLICOLA. November 18. 