HUNGARY. Memoirs of a Hungarian Lady. By Theresa Pulszky. With a Historical Introduction by Francis Pulszky. 2 vols. Colburn. The introduction occupies about a moiety of the first volume ; and the rest of the work is commingled ijuulii«d iikiu f jt*i oiruai auvciibiiie uuiiug wit; laic m surrection, the lady having married a Magyar noble who resided at the Castle of Szecscny, about sixty miles from Pest, and took a leading part in the revolution. Her admiration for Kossuth is un bounded, and she denounces Gorgey as a traitor. With these matters, however, we are not called upon to have much to do. The history of Hungary is not new to us; the political struggle lias been much dis cussed in all sorts of publications ; and we have, within the last two months, gone through a great variety of matters which have afforded no inadequate ideas of the state and suffering of the country during the civil war, and the perils which surrounded those embarked in it. Under these circumstances, if we pay less gallant attention to the fair memoir writer than we would otherwise' have done, it must be im puted to our wish not to tire our readers with repe titions, or too much of the same theme. Her hus band in danger, and the poor lady herself and her two children flying from place to place for refuge, are painfully interesting topics ; and many of tlie incidents partake of that romance which an extraor dinary state of affairs must often produce in the way of alarms, shifts, escapes, substitutions, changes, and sacrifices. Such abound in the narrative, We cite an example in one of the author's evasions from pursuit: — 'It was dark when I reached home — home, the endearing and only place, where, day and night, at every hour, we are sure to be welcome. My little darlings greeted me — my dear old aunt welcomed me — all round was peace, as if war and misery did not exist! But the absence of the ^centre of our warmest affections— this to all but the sweet un conscious infants brought a most painful conviction of the real state of things. 'The ensuing day I had many visitors, faithful to the customs of Hungary where no time whatever can shut out hospitality. One of these was a gentle man (himself a Hungarian), who declaimed against all that had been done by government, and predicted ths irretrievable destruction of the national army. This very gentleman, after the heroic feats of his countrymen had driven out the enemy, was one of the - first and loudest to commend the government and the glorious Magyar army, calling on the people to defy not only the Austrians, but likewise the Russians, and whoever dared to invade their country. I am sorry to say, that the same gentleman, though superior to many in understanding, is a specimen of a whole class of persons, who are, in fact, nothing but the personified echoes of momentary impressions — the courtiers of success. But I do not think this class of people belongs exclusively to the Hun garians. ' I was not pleased with the spirit of our county. It is too near Pest not to imbibe its influence. Pest feared, Nograd gave way. Friends called on me, wondering that I was still there. They warned me not to tarry too long in Szecseny. They would offer me their hospitality ; but they feared for me and mine, of course. Not feeling comfortable under these circumstances for those next to ray heart, on the 5th of January I committed my children and my aunt to our excellent clergyman, to convey them to one of our cousins residing in the neighbouring county. As to myself, I wanted to wait the return of the manager of our estates, who was absent at the time— to whose care my husband had entrusted me and the children previous to bis departure. ' At midnight, the very night after my little fa mily had set off, a messenger arrives from Balassa Gyarmath, and brings a letter. I break the seal and read,.' The enemy is reported to be in Retsag; hasten to depart.' ' '. . Traits of manners are furnished in the notice of a jolly Franciscian friar :— ' Lent was a hard quarantine for him, which he stood heroically, sustaining himself, during his ab stinence from meat, with large supplies of strong coffee, of which he one day, on a festive occasion, took no less than thirty cups. 7* * * * ? * 'Easter Tuesday came, and with it manifest anxiety to our monk. How he dreaded this day ! He hardly ventured out of bis* room ; but service he must perform— he must go to church! Easter Tuesday was the day , of retribution to bim. In former times, he had used too freely the Hungarian privilege of Easter Monday, when the popular cus torn allows to every, male person, whatever be bis age or station, to pour water over every female he meets. But on Tuesday, the females have a right to return this polite attention. .Our friar was by no means of the opinion of the girls, who consider it a distinction to be watered like beds of roses, and who treat the lads who thus accost them with a breakfast of wine in the Hungarian, and of brandy in the Sclavic, parts of the country. Our friar, on Easter Monday, had spoiled more than one bonnet, and had wetted numerous tresses ! This the females of the whole village never could forget ; they had sworn a pouring revenge. The monk long knew how to avoid it, by gliding so slily to church, that no one could notice his escape. In this way he saved him self for a couple of years: But his by-ways were discovered, and an ambush laid, from which he was greeted with a plashing rain. Since this day of judgment, Easter Tuesday's peace has departed from our friar, who never is more submissively amiable with the ladies than the week preceding this memorial so awful to him. ' It was a sweet impression of festive peace, when the peasant girls, with their wide muslin aprons, which 'cover their dark petticoats — their red corslets, their long tresses interwoven with gaudy ribbons, and their purple boots — walked to church, accom panied and followed by the elders and the young lads. The married women are inseparable from their stately national caps — the old men from their ' bundas,' embroidered more or less richly, accord ing to the earnings of the owner. The lads do not keep so strictly to one and the same costume ; they sometimes alternate their white hanging sleeves'' and loose jackets with nicely-fitting cloth apparel ; but the mustachios and spurs seldom fail to impress the national stamp on the appearance of the young Hun garian. ' Not much time, however, was granted to the contemplation of such objects. Once more Austrian forces had invaded the neighbourhood where we then were staying.' We copy one passage relative to the writer's hero : — ' On the following day, in pursuing my business of the passports, I went to Kossuth, among others, to see whether, by his interference, I might obtain my wish. I found the Governov of Hungary not more splendidly lodged than bis ministers. I was struck by the care-worn countenance of the once brilliantly beautiful man. But his manners were gentle and kind as ever, his accents pure and trans parent, so as to give a particular charm to the most common expression. It is impossible to converse with Kossuth, and not to be convinced that Nature framed him to influence his nation. But it is not the dazzling brilliancy of his personal attractions which mainly constitute his power over the people. It is his faith in his people — a faith firm and irre sistible as .the glowing conviction of the ancient prophets, who were the impersonation of the reli gious and political feeling of their nation, and ap peared before the throne of the Kings of Israel as often 'as these despised the law.' With these very brief extracts, we must leave our Hungarian lady, her adventures, statements, and speculations. We hope that little more of Hungary will be published soon, unless it be of a very sub stantial and authentic order indeed ; for it is the mistake and plague of our day to have popular sub jects pursued till they are worn threadbare, and it is only the first that can win the race. Confession of the Chilwell Murder.— About twenty-three years ago a report was current (hat a pedlar or packman had been murdered at Chilwell, a village about five miles from Nottingham. The circumstance at* tending ihe case were these:— In a lonely house, near the wood, there lived a garden labourer named Baguley, who was ai that timo thought to be in needy circumstances. His family consisted of bimself, his wife, three ions, and a daughter. The daughter was approaching to years of maturity,|but they were all considerably under age. A travelling packman, smitten by the daughter's charms, frequently visited the bouse for the purpose, it was be lieved, of paying bis addresses to her. One night he was observed gaing into the house, but be was not seen to return, nor has he been heard of since, and what is moat singular the debts owing to him by numerous cus tomt n in the neighbourhood were never inquired after or called for. These circumstances connected with the fact that soon after the packman's disappearance, Bagule} removed to a more commodious bouse, invested a little money in the purchase of live stojk, gave rise to various rumours at the time, which were not much Heeded. We have, heard a statement that a i pears to be the most probable version of ihe murder, arid the reason for it, but forbear repeating it at this stage of the affair. Baguley lived uncomfortably with his first wife, who frequently threatened him, when quarrelling, ihat she knew where his coat of arms was, and that lie had better mind how he behaved to her. This was in allu sion to the coat he is supposed to have worn at the murder and which it is said she kept secreted. She died about sis years ago, and it is said be never allowed any one to approach her during her last illness. Subse quently he married another woman. The cottage he bad quitted has been for nearly twenty years notorious as *' the hauoted house'— the villagers asserting that they frequently hear strange noises in it. especially during the night : and many ghostly tales are narrated respecting horrible apparition*. In consequence of these absurd rumours the house is forsaken, no one being bold enough to brave its terrors. A fortnight since the old man Baguley lay upon the bed of death, ,'and before his spirit left its earthly tenement he confessed to his wife that he, 'twenty-three years ago murdered a hawker of shawls, and blanket?, and other wares, with a pick, and buried the pick at the bottom of the dyke near the bouse.*' A great number of idla reports are afloat, and the conseqaence is that Chilwell h daily crowded with visitors. On Sunday there were some hundreds of people round ' the haunted house,' and they wanted to dig in the dyke for the pick, but Ihe circumstances not having bean made known to the authorise?, they were prevented. Bagnley's widow, who was married to kirn about three years, says the has lived most uncomfortably with him, for when asleep he was always visited by an noying and painful dream?, and he would frequently fight with his hands as if struggling with some one, and jumping up would exclaim in great terror that some ooe was about (o seize him. The affair is creating much gosfip and sensation, and daring the present week hun dreds of silly cartons people have visited what they call the 'Ghost House,' and minutely inspected the premise?. It is a singular fact that the cottage in which the murder is said to ha*e been committed has never since found a tenant who dared stay for any leogth of time, and for many years there has been conidierabla excitement in the neighbourhood, and ? great alarm amongst the supersti tious by the singular and hitherto unaecountabie noiass that hive been often heard on the premises, designated as ' The Chilwell Gho*t,' and 'The Haunted House at Chilweli.' Wo have received a variety of communica tions on the subject, with the names of parties who have heard and seen strange things connected with his ghost ship, but we leave it for the carious and 'narvel- seekers to ferret out the mystery.— Nottinghamthirt Guar dian. ! Power often overrules jastice. The wife of an attorney of Nottingham lately gave birth to a son, being the eleventh child of the same iex io uninterrupted succession. 