THE CATHOLIC CHURCH IN IRELAND. THE PRIMATES PASTORAL. The following document, issued by a Prelate vested with higher powers than any ecclesiastic has exercised in Ireland since the days of liinuccini, in reference to the synod of Thurles, will be read with deep interest by all Catholics.— Paul,by the Grace of God, and favour of the Apostolic Sec, Archbishop, %c., to the Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Archdiocese of Armagh. "Our Divine Redeemer having completed His Mission on earth, and hing about to ascend to His Father, commanded His Apostles ami their successors to continue the great work of' salvation, in which he had been engaged, and to teach ail nations the lieavenly truths they had learned from his lips. 'Go ye and teach all nations, 1 He said, * Baptizing them in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, aud behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.'—Mat. xxviii. " The Apostles of Jesus Christ, although poor and illiterate, and unprovided with the means which human prudence would require as necessary for success—still, in virtue of this sublime commission they undertook the great task that was imposed upon them, to reform a corrupt and depraved world, to root out inveterate prejudices, to extirpate idolatry, to suppress vice, to induce men to submit to the inclinations of flesh and blood, and opposed to the flattering passions in which they had hitherto been at liberty to indulge. Succcesscrowned the efforts of the Apostles. At their preaching the nations of the earth ruused from their long lethargy, broke the chains of error and vice with which they were bound, and the One Holy Catholic Church was soon established in every region, from the rising to the setting sun. What a singular and sublime speciacle is thus presented to our contemplation : innumerable nations and peoples are united into one great body and one spirtual kingdom. Though customs and prejudices, and the most conflicting interests tend to separate them, they are all one in the mimuuion of the Holy Catholic Church. This Church—unchangeable in her doctrine—ever free from the contagion of error—exists in every age since the days of the Apostles. Sending out the heralds of salvation, announcing through them the glad tidings of redemption to those who were sitting in .darkness and the shades of death—she has never failed to achieve new conquests, spreading the knowledge of God to the uttermoat ends of the earth. " But the Church, though thus continuing the heavenly mission of her Master, and always bearing on her the impress of iier divine origin, could not continue her benefuient ca-eer without ei countering the hostility of a wicked world. No one who has studied the Gospel can be surprised that things should be so. ' Wonder not,' says St. John.'if the world hate youand our Divine Redeemer himself says, ' Remember my word, which I have said to you. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you.' And again, ' The light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light,for their works were evil'—John iii. 19. "Announcing, as the Holy Catholic Church does, to men, that if they wish to please God they must lay aside their own private opinions, and bow with reverence to her decisions — that they must captivate their understandings unto the obedier.ee of faith, mortify their passions, use the things of this world as if they used them not, be poor in spirit, rich in good works, receive the kingdom of God as little ones, pratice humility, obey their prelates, and be subject to them—announcing such doctrines and enforcing the practice of them, the Church couldnot but be combated by flesh and blood, by those who are slaves under their own passions, and who "blaspheme (as the Apostle says) whatever things they know not' —Jude 10. " This opposition of corrupt nature to the purity of the Gospel makes us understand the words of our Saviour, in which he foretold that scandals must come (Mat. xviii. 7.) and of Saint Paul, where he says that there must be heresies—(Corinth, xi. 19.) Alas! too many of those who are called to the practice of the pure maxims of the Gospel do not correspond to the dignity and sublimity of their vocation. They oftitnes, forgetting their obligations, yield to the infirmity or corruption of human nature—virtue is neglected—vice is allowed to prevail, and abuses to take root, and spread abroad. ' For many walk,' says Saint Paul, of whom 1! have told you often (and now tell you weeping) that the are emenies of the cross of Christ—whose end is destruction—whose God is their belly—and whose glory is in their shame—who mind earthly things."—Phil. iii. 18. Thus scandals must come. " How many, too, led astray by the delusions of their own imaginations, or puffed up by pride, refuse to listen to the teachings of the Church, and professing to follow no other guide but the flickering-light of their own weak reason and private judgment, fall into the most dangerous errors, and stray away from the paths of truth. How unhappy and miserable is the lot of such persons, shutting their eyes against the pure rays of Heaven, and closing their ears against the infallible wordsofthe true church. But, as the Scripture says, there must be heresies. " Even in the days of the Apostles there were men of this description. ' Many seducers are gone into the world, .who confess not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh," says Sr, John. And St. Jude adds, that 'ceriain men are secretly entered in (who were written of long ago unio this judgment) ungodly men, lurning he gracu of our Lord Jesus Christ into riotousness, and denying the only Sovereign Ruler and our Lnrd Jesus Christ.'—Jude. There were also men at that time who used every effort to seduce others from the faith, and to lead them to perdition—'whose speech,' says Saint Paul, 'spreadeth like a canker, having indeed an appearance of godliness, but denying the power thereof, ever learning and never attaining to the knowledge of the truth, erring and driving into error' (2 Tim. ii.)—' who creep into houses and lead captive silly women loaden with sins, who are led away with divers desires' (lb. iii. G.) There were such ruen in the Apostolic age, and there are some such in our own, who make it their study to assail the doctrines of Catholics, and to deprive the faithful of the most precious gilt of Heaven—the true faith. These men see that the world abounds with error of every kind—they meet with Arians and Socinians—with those who deny original sin and the benefiis of redemption — who impugn the eternity of the torments of hell, and every other doctrine of revelation— against such errors and blasphemies they contend not; all their zeal is reserved to impugn the Holy Catholic Church, Oh, my dearly beloved bretheren, when you are thus assailed it behoves you to watch and to' be vigilant, and to put on the armour of God, that you may be able to stand against the deceits of the devil.—Epli. vT. 11. Your faith is the most pre- cious inheritance you have received from your fathers—the most inestimable gift of Heaven; without it it is impossible to please God—without it you cannot be saved. Preserve so great a treasure with the utmost jealousy and caution, and never expose it to the slightest danger. "Though it is true, my dearly beloved brethren, that there will be always vices and scandals in the world and that errors and heresies must spring up; still we are not to imagine that the sanctity and integrity of the doctrines of the Church are tarnished by them, or that the Church herself is affected by what is to be attributed not to any defect upon her part but to the corruption and malice of man.The Church never countenances error; she condemns vice and immorality by her teaching, and by the bright example of her obedient children; she cuts off from her communion those wbo obstinately adhere to condemned and erroneous doctrines, leaving them like brandies lopped from the vine, to be cast into the flames. She does not admit in the religious principles of her children a mixture of truth and falsehood—of light and darkness ; she is not tossed to and fro by every wind of doctrine; and she provides that her children shall always "speak the same thing, be perfect in the sains mind and the same judgment.'— Coloss. " Other societies hate not this power, and we have lately seen an afflicting example of the want of it in the rich and powerful Church of England. A great question was raised upon a vital point of Christianity—the regenerating effects of Baptism were denied, and the very foundations of the belief of Christians were sapped. In such a case the Catholic Church would have spoken, and all controversy would be at an end, for she is the pillar and the ground of truth. But what happens in the Church of England ? Th. weakness of her human origin here betrays itself. Her bishops speak as having no authority, except what they derive from Acts of Parliament, or from the will or caprice of a king, and the Ministers of the Crown Ho not tail to remind them of this their want of authority. Her children adopt different opinions, and her tribunals decide that those who impugn the salutary effects of Baptism and those who admit tliera, all belong to the same Church, and are all in the path of truth. Oh 1 that the evidence -of such weakness in their church, and such absurdity in her decisions, may open the eyes of many well-disposed butdeceived Christians, who have lived in error, and who, perhaps, like Saint Paul, have considered it meritorious to persecute the Church of God and the true disciples i of Jesiib Christ. Let us pray with : fervour thai God may look with compassion on their wanderings, and making them see the misery and danger of their condition, may He bring them back to the bosom of the Holy Catholic Church. Oh! how deeply grateful to God ought we to be, who have always enjoy 3d the abundance of our Father's house, having never strayed away nor been compelled 10 feed upon the husks of error. That the purity of our actions may corres pond to the integrity of our faith, and that we may never disgrace theChurch to which we glory to belong, by the immorality of our lives. Our faith will only serve to make us worthy ol severer chastisements, if we live like unbelievers. " We have seen that the Catholic Church provides for the sanctity and integrity of the faith and morals ol her children—that she leads them to good and salubrious pastures, and preserves them from the noxious and poisonous plants of error and infidelity. These happy results are regularly obtained through the min : stry of the bishops of the Church; for to them was said, 1 Take heed to yourselves and the whole (lock, wherin the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishops to rule the Church of God, which He hath purchased with his own blood.' —Acts xx. 28. But among them and over them the principal autho-, rity was given to Saint Peter and to his successors the Roman Pontiffs.i On them Christ built his Church, i giving them the keys of the kingdom 1 of Heaven, and the charge of feeding his lambs and sheep—that is, all Christians, both people and pastors. By this great central power union is preserved in the vast domain of the Cathdic Church, and error and vice, wherever they raise their head, are visited with merited censures. The history of the Church presents uswith a long series of facts, which shew that the Roman Pontiffs have been the great defenders and protectors of the faith—that they have been principally instrumental in propagating the doctrines of Christianity that they have been the promoters of civilization and of the fine and useful arts of life, and the great benefactors of mankind. The nations that raised themselves up against the benign sway of the Apostolic See either abandoned Christianity altogether or were lost in the mazes of error, or asnk into total indifference towards every religion. But those that have remained obedient to the successors of Saint Peter, and have clung to the rock 011 which Christ built his Church, have not been shaken by the storms that have agitated the world—they have retained their faith and triumphed over all the efforts of hell. It is our glory that the Iiish Church has been always obedient and attached to the Apostolic See, and it is in reward of obedience that her religion has been so miraculously preserved in such unheard of trials and dangers, and, that she came safe out of centuries of desolation and persecution. " Having mentioned the supreme authority of the Popes, that has been wielded with so much advantage to religion, we are now to notice the assemblies of Catholic prelates, which are alto a means for watching over •nd preserving the integrity of the faith and the sanctity of the morals of the Christian people. General councils or meetings of bishops to represent the entire church have been con veued by the pontiffs on accasions of great difficulty, when the spread or heresy or schism, or other extraordinary dangers, threatened the perversion of the faithful, and it was considered necessary that the wisdom and influence of all the episcopal body should be exerted in order to avert the calamity. When such councils have been legitimately celebrated,and their acts approved of by the Holy See, their decisions are infallible, and afford a certain rule of belief to all the Christian people. "Councils or synods of a more limited nature are also held from time to time, and have also been of great utility in the Church of God. Diocesan synods are destined to regulate the affairs of one pariicular diocese, and are held by the bishop with the assistance of his clergy. Provincial synods regulate the discipline of several dioceses united into one province,and subject toone metropolitan. In former times National Synods were of very frequent occurrence, and many such assemblies were celebrated in our own country, with great advantage to society. But it is to be regretted that the difficulties of the times, the persecutions to which the Church was subjected, and other circumstances, conspired during centuries to impede the Bishops not on!y of Ireland, but of other countries, from holding such canonical assem blies. However, within the last few years the custom of doing so has again been revived, and it is fervently to be hoped that it will continue and becoinc genera), for from such meet' inos great benefits may be expected. " The celebration of Councils, (say the Fathers of Constance,) is that special cultivation which extirpates the briars and thorns of heresy and error, corrects excesses, reforms what needs reformation.and increases to the uttermost the fertility of the vineyard of the Lord." "It will be to you, my brethren, the source of great consolation to learn that the Bishops of the Irish Church, emulating the example of their apostolic brethren in other countries, and anxious to promote the interests of our holy religion, have determined to hold a National Synod, with all the forms prescribed by the Canons of the Church. To give greater weight to the deliberations ot ths Bishops, the Supreme Pontiff has not only approved of their detenui nation to meet, but has also gi authority to convose the Council, and has promised to confirm its acts, if necessary with his apostolic sanction. This Synod will be held at Thurles, on the Feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin, 15th August next, and on the following days. " The undertaking in which your prelates are about to be engaged, is, my brethren, a great and holy one. and closely connected with the mosi important interests of religion Oiir Church is emerging from a state o( suffering and persecution in which many customs and pratices were necessary, which are not adapted to times of greater liberty and security. It is of great importance that such matters should be examined, and every amelioration that may seem useful introduced bv common accord. Besides, every measure is to be-adopted that may seem necessary to pro mote the glory of God, and to increase the lustre of hisservice—the doctrin s of our holy faith must be defended, and the dangers averted to which they are exposed—Christian charity en couraged—the faithful excited to tlir observance of the precepts and counels of the Gospel—every virtue promoted, and the means of sanctifying themselves made more accessible to the Christian people. The work ndeed a great one—opus quidem magnum est—for a house is prepared, not for man, but for God. (I Paral. xxix. I.) A spiritual temple is to be raised up, and there is question of the salvation of the immortal souls hat have been redeemed by the precious blood of Jesus Christ. " But you are to recollect that we are all weak and infirm, and that we can do nothing good without the assistance of the Almighty—" Unless the Lord build the house, they labour in vain that build it," says the royal Prophet—" Unless the Lord keepeth the city, he watcheth in vain that keepeth it."—Ps. csxvi. We exhort you, therefore, to have recourse t( fervent prayer, and to beg of the Giver of good gifts to guide and assist the Prelates of your Church. Do violence to Heaven by the piety and fervour and perseverance of youi supplications, and God will grant you the graces which you demand. ' But to render your prayers efficacious, abound in good works, and abstain from all < vil deeds— ' wash yourselves (says the Prophet) —be clean, takeaway the evil of you devices from my eyes, cease to di preversely, learn to do well, seek judgement, relieve the oppressed, judge for the fatherless, defend the widow.'—Isaiah, i. 16. Oil! before yoa approach to the throne of tht Almighty, wash away yourodences in the waters of penance, and your peti tions will not be rejected. Have recourse to the holy Apostle of Ire land Saint Patrick, and to his grea ! successor Saint Malachy; and beg o them to look down upon the vineyar. which they cultivated with so muci care. Implore the aid of the glorinu princes of the apostles, Saint Petei and Saint P-iul, who incessantly watch over the destinies of the Church, and never fail to aid those that confide in them. But above all, fly to the protection of the most holy Mother of God, 011 whose festival, and under whose auspices our Synod is to be commenced She is the defence of the faithful—the strength and hope of all good Christians—the seat of wisdom—the mother of alt good counsel. Oh ! that she may shed the light of her countenanco upon us, and direct and sanctify our counsels and undertakings. We were never more in need of thy powerful assistance, O, Most Holy Virgin 1 \Ve are divided and without strength —we are a reproach and a desolation *inon.;all the people among who n hj Lord hath scattered us, (Baruzh;) but we hava grjat hope and repose mil confidence in thee, immaculate Virgin. Put an end to all the dissensions that afflict us— L iieal up our wounds—relieve our want and miseries—and obtain for us strength and courage to struggle aginst the open assaults that are made on our faith, and to detect the occult snares and artifices of the enemy. "But to conclud; we beg of you all, my faithful children, to pray incessantly for the happy issue of our Synod, in private and daily devotions, & especially in the Itnsary of the Blessed Virgin, the recital of which is productive of so many good effects. We exhort you, also, to offerthe holy Communion for the same purpose. The feasts of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, and the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and their octaves, will offer an excellent opportunity for doing so. ' The known fervour and piety of those who live in religious communities exempt me from the necessity of requesting of them to join in those pious exercises. They, in union with the brethren and sisters throughout the kingdom will not erase, we are persuaded, to raise their hands night and day to the Almighty to invoke upon their Prelates the effusion, of the gifts of the Holy Ghost. The pious unions and confraternities of tha diocese will join in the same work of prayer. " But that the public prayers of the Church may be offered in union with the private prayers of the faithful, we beg or you, my reverend and venerable brethren, and fellow-labourers in the vineyard, ut your earliest convenience, to offer to the Almighty, for the success of the Synod, the Votive Mass of the Iloly Ghost, and that of the Blessed Virgin, on davs 011 which the rubric will permit their celebration. We order, that in every Church or Chapel in the diocese the hymn Vcni Creator Spirilus shall be said before tha Parochial Mass, on each Sunday, from the date of this letter, until the termuintion of the Synod; and that the Collect of the Holy Ghost, Deus qui corda f folium (Missa Fot. de S. Sanclo, in fine Missalis) be inserted in every Mass i'aat may be celebrated in the dioeese, 0:1 any day during the same time. ' For the rest, brethren, rejoice—be perfect—take exhortation—he ofone mind —have peace—and the God of peace ami love shall be wiih you. The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of G01), and the communication of the Holy Ghost, he with you all. Amen.—Corinth. xiii. 11. 'Drosbeda, 19th June, 1850." 