[THIE XPiLLLED WESLXTAN MINISTERS. Sts -If 1. Il as i ot intho' habit: of carefurll weighing .911 thp, little pircumstancep )Whcli saint bleans bear upon t iedttrs of pusbliic newtpa ern in .mixed cor~sr ptylt , ,I yPou'dl decd fceelt spose td complain that you' have given Insertion to llI Gaudm's A3D-i(p', 1' o0 p9 sded,"p ?p iew? of question at issue between the Wesleyan confere? shd Messrs. Everett, Dunn, and Grith. it i really a vqry int specimen of tory, ?sakguarilism. just look at it It'h?biimenices'liy'as sailing with th most annihilating tero l the l ylqlo 9f. the respec ble sir, it liswelt }pr yo that y4P happen to be in t convict co€lony of Van Diemen's Land ; for had yn' Jpt been" cast witsin'thP range of the Belfast p,o. tentant Journal, you would have been included i, t,, sweeping condemnation. 'But, sir,'whatan ignobly contrast does the articlo of this journyg bear to tl, dignified an'dimpartal one which youselected from tht 1llus(ratld 4 ysp oNews I TiTo Fditor,of that iaps, forbore to give any 'opinion on the question, but merely stated the fact of? the panqf?l, yqt enviabl position of the excommunicated, and those which respected their high'talents, and commonly reported piety and usefulness. And, sir, without running the risk of being thought guilty of filttery, I may say that the seleciton of such atiaqriclo, on such a, imporlant question, does credit to you as an edit?r of the public p'eas in this community ; while on tI, other hand, the article from the Belfast P'rolte,,ua Journal tells your readers too llainly what manner of spirit its selector is of. You have published sir, the "one-sided article" and I gpqsst solicit a little space, for one or two rc. mailirks, and for the statement of'a few facts, because the question involved is a very important one to ,i; th British public in every part of the empire. I shall pass by the gratuitous epithets, "wylcked,"" fiendish, "cowardly," "deceitful," "diabolical," &c.;, &c.;,as applied to the character and piety of the good, od? useful Everett, who has maintained an upright nan consistent character for nearly fifty years as a Wes. leyan minister, and who has brotught a large amount of money to all the fundsof the Wesleyan body, and has also subscribed to the preachers' benefit fund, for his support in old age; thewholeof which funds arc under the exclusive control of the conference, oho have now " cast out" the good old man upon the world without a shilling-an act of which a society of drunkards would not have been guilty towardsa?o old companion-I say I pass by all this to that pan of the question which deeply concerns ll the pioplr of England.' The article from the Belfast. rotestant Journol is not an independent article. The writer,was not an eye-witness, but lived remote from the rcene of action. He says. he got hip information from the Watchman. And what did he learn from that organ of the conference party?. He learned (he says so himself), that " the Wesleyan conference are con. servative in principle, bothin politicsand methodism" -i. e. the conference is a political body as well us a religious one; and moreover: It is conservative, or aory in politics. Now this is worse than the church ,'( England. "The Wesleyan con'ference in 17i1 pronounced that church to be a mere political insti. lution ih tt this is only true of "its external state. Internallygit hasanothing at all to, do with politics; for among her bishops, clergy, apd people there exists every variety'and 'shade of political opinion, and no one can interfere or meddle with them oni that acc'dunt. But the Wesleyian conference has be come atouy?,litical unloa; .atld as far as their power eitends they will 'promodto tory' Politics, and wrill tolerate no other. On this'poln I will give you an extract from the speech of a Wesleyan minister, the ltev. John:Gordon, which, he delivered at a public meeting in Liverpool in January, 1835:--" The preachers nossess the only interest capable of being abused. They have the interest. of, honor, and they liavethe Interest which the money gives them. All the honor is contfdedtothem,-all the money, directly or indirectly, 'comes into their pockets. These are -interests capablo of being abused-most capable. The people possess nothing but spiritual interests, which cannot be abused. 'IThis fact is sutflcient to prove to every considering mind that the conference should 'ndt be the ruling authority in the body. When I became a methodist preacher I thought I connected myself with a religiousbody. It was for this reason, because I looked upon the church of England rather as a political establishment than a religious body, that I turned away fromlits ministry and be. came a Wesleyan." (Here follow quotations from minutesof conference, and the Methodist Magazine.) " 1 say by these acts.the conference has constituted itself a political union. It has adopted certiain opinions, which it has declared to be Wesleyan, and pirdclaimed ihat the objects which it designs to pro mote are political as well. as 'religious. This is opposed to its constitution-to the plain and express declaration which John:.Wesley himself has made on the subijectof that. constitution. This affects you Here, you are, committed by. the exercise of the power which the conference assumes, to the support of certain political opinions. What have they done within this la;st month or'two? Established a news paper idvocating those opinions-a tory newspaper. They have published on the cover of the moag:inr an' address to Christian'electors, exhorting them to pledge'their'candidates to the support of the present connection between church:and state. 1 say this is doing you a personal injury. I hold.diflferent opitions. My opinions.are by such acts misrepresented. It give these,misrepresentations of your opinionts to the world; and as far as these misrepresentations can influerice the government,'it makes use of your nadmes to influence that governmerit in a way con. trary to your inclinations.' Is not this downright disgracefiul to the conference? I do not wish to offend'any' individual, but the view which I have of toryism isi,.that it is a rsystem which oppresses the working classes of this country. 'It' is by the working classes that the conference is supported ;and itiis to me most abominable, entertaining the ideas which I do, that the conference should establish a news' paper, and publish addresses to, Christian elector', advocating that system which directly presses down anl degrades the very class by whom they are chiely supported, It does an injury to you as a religious society also. It brings political strife and agitation -than which nothing is'more unfavorable and mis" chievous to the growth of liety-rito your religious meetings." Now, we we will say nothing.about the dissenters and working classes in England, but shall enqluire what concernment, wein Van Diemen's Land, Ihave in all this? The tory administration in Englan' have given us an imbecile and a bad governor. has also given the churchiaf England int this colony puseylte bishop. Ani' the weaslyan conference as labored in every possible way, and has also com itted uth Influence of the whole wesleyan body, so ar as they were able, to subvert the liberal reform dmin lstrtier, aqd to place the tories'in power. Is Shis notlIng t us? A certain gentleman very ecently declaimed wlth great severity against Earl ,roy; but if Earl Grey had given us a governor, he ould have given us a better ope than we now have; ud if Ihe had gliven the Anglicans a bishop, he ould have give .them ope who would have been rlendly with all classes, anid who would have advo ated the cause of the bible society, 'rhe Wesleoyan onference by their torypolitical union, have thrown bstacles in the way of everything that is good among men. By it they allied themselves with the potorious bishop of Eseter; and set themselves at priance against, and tried to prejudice and traduce e character of that eminently pious and excellent 'a, the now Archbishop of Canterbury, WIthl c facts before us, sir, say, is it suitable to the aracter of Englishmen to remain sllent? If you can find space, the following brief histori I account of the Wesleyan conference, will be both teresting, and useful:-In the year 1744., the bors of John Wesley and his brother, together with is "helpers," having prospered very greatly, the at conference was held In London. Blr. Wesley vited the persons who attended, and also presided ong them. There were four clergymen of the urch of England present, besides the two Wesleys, d four travelling preachers. The minutes of the nference were written down in the form of:con rsations, and the first question asked was I Ques.-Shall any of our lay brethren be present this conference? Answ.-We agree to invite from time to time ch as we think proper. Mr. Wesley's Introduction the conference was as follows :-" It is desired at all things be considered as in the immedlate esence of God; that we meet with a single eye, d as little children who have everythin to learn; at every point which is proposed may be examined the foundation that every person' may speak ely what is in his heart; and that every questiot hich may arise shall be thoroughly debated ani ttled." Q.-Need we be fearful of doing this? What e we afraid of? Of'overturniigr our- first prin ples ? ' A.-If they are false, the sooner they are over rued the better. If they are true, they will ar the strictest examination.. Let us. all ay for a willingness to receive light, to. know of cry doctrine whether it be of God. Q.-How far does each of us agree to submit to e judgment of the majority? A.-ln speculative things, each can only submit far as his judgment shtill beconvinced. In every ctical point, each will iubmit so far as he catl thout wounding Isis conscience. Q.-Can a christian submit any further than this any man, or any number of men upon earth?' A.-It is undeniably certain he cannot; either to hop, convocation, or general council; and this is at grand principle of private judgment on whilch I the refornters proceeded. " Every mall must 'dge for himself, because every man must give an ount of himself to God." '?ll. 13. Grindrod, Esq., L.L.D., author of Sl~Bacchus," the Temperance Prize Essay, and a esleyan Reformer in 1835, expressing hiseadmi tion of these first principles of tile conference, ys, " the only source of grief arises from the sub < sent deviation of the conference (after the death ? hr. Wesley) from tile christian,and enlightened inciples with which it commenced operations." In 1746 the third conference was held at Bristol. ne of the questions asked was, Q.-Who are the proper persons, to be presont'at y conference? A.-As many of the preachers as conveniently tn, the most lively and the most sensible of the nd leaders where the conference is held; and any ous, judicious strangers who may be at that place. Thl'e fourth conference was held 'in London. here were present five clergymen, and eleven lay eachers ; and one of the questions was, Q.-What instance or ground is thereins the New estament for a national church ? A.-We know of notne at all ; we apprehend it to merely a political institution., l'he twenty-third conference waspheld in London 1766\. It appears from tile minute that some ong the preachers as well as the people thought r, Wesley's power was too great, and wished to reail it. This led him to. consider the steps by ich he believed God had given him thatanthority: d on this subject Ire speaks'wtth his usual plain ss :-" Count Zinrendorf loved to keep all things se: I love to do all things openly. I will there re tell you all.1 know of the matter." He then nt on to. speak of the societies, how he became itr pastor; then of the money stewards, how they ame his stewards; then of the preachers, how ey became his "helpers"; and lastly of the con rence, of which he says, " Whentheir (preachers) nmbers increased, so that it was inconvenient to ite them all, for several years I wrote to. those th whom I desired to confer, and they only met e at London, or elsewhere, till at lenglh 1. gave a neral permission. Observe, I. myself sent for ese of my own free choice, and I sent for them, to ise, not govern me. Neither did I at any time vest myself of any part of the..power above des bed, which the providenqe of. God had cast upon e, without any design or choice of mine: and as was merely in obedience to the providence of od, and for the good of the people, that I at first epted this power. so it is oni tIhe same considera r, not for profit, honor, or pleasure, that 1 use it this day." The twenty-fourth conference met at London. especting it Mr, Wesley says, " On Tuesday I t il conference with our assistants, and a select mber of our preachers. To these were added, oil hursday and Friday, Mr. Whitfield, Howell arras, and many stewards and 'local preachers. ve and harmony reigned.from the beginning to e end." In 1784 Mr. Wesley made the deed ofdeclaration, d in the minutes of conference for that year he ? s. " no power which I ever enjoyed is given up the declaration deed. This deed defined the con enco to mean one hundred senior preachters, and ve them authority to admit candidates into tlhe nistry, and appoint preachers to the respective apels. Mr. Wesley lived seven years after it was ade, and it came intofsrce after his death. Whet, came into force,some four of the preachers wanted step into Mr. Wesley's power. This produced lousy and agitation among the othlers; but no one could prove their claim to this 'power. The people then perceived that the whole conference wanted to take it, and they became agitated; for they had no constitution, and no arbiter between themselves and the preachers s and they had no sort of check upon the conference, for the conference conducted their proceedings in secresy, refusing to admit the local preachers and leaders, as Mr. Wesley had done. In 1705, therefore, they sent their dole gates to meet the conference, and demanda consti tution. The conference had to accede to their demand, and solemnly agreed to certain articles of pacification, The secretary, however, did not enter these articles on the journals of the conference, con. sequently they were not legally binding; but the president wrote down a protest against : but this was not discovered till 1835, All the people were not yet satisfied, and the conference to prevent fur tiher agitation, passed the following minute In 17901 : " Let no man, nor number of men, in our con nexion, on any account or occasion, circulate letters, call meetings, do, or attempt to do anything new, until it has been first appointed by the conference." When the conference passed this minute, they were net actuated by that fine sentiment of the heathen Homer-. " Jove fixed it certain, that whatever day .Makes man a slave, takes half his worth away." One of themselves, the Rev. Jonathan Crowther, in a letter dated Plymouth Dock, February 26th, 1796, describes that conference as" the annual sight ofsix or seven men getting round the table and fighting with each other, talking by turns (except when several of them talk together), engrossing all the speechifying, while the rest sit round in sullen, stupid, or indignant silence; the devil perching on the front of the gallery, while love, meekness, and wisdom, together with our guardian angels, and even the holy ghost, quit the assembly ; and the confused group appeprs to the weeping, heavens something like the assembly in a cock-pit." . The people, however, sent their delegates again in 1797, and wrung further concessions from the con ference; but these were never entered on the journals, and in due time the conference broke the covenapt." Peace, however, was restored, and things went on well for several years. In 1814 the conference made an alteration in the manner of filling up the vacancies which occurred in the hundred. Three were to be filled up by se niority as formerly, and one by' te ballot of confer ence. By this way Jabez Bunting stepped among the hundred, and immediately became' the secretary of conference. Mir. Bunting was a man of talent, but, ambitious and despotic, just such another as Archbishop Laud. About seven years after this, Joseph Benson, one ofthe old preachers, died. A few days before his death, Jabez Bunting waited on him to ask his dying opinion as to the state of the connexion. Mr. Benson replied he had frequently told Mr. Bunting his opinion ; but as he requested it, he would repeat it. He thenfaithfully declared that, In his judgment, Mr. Bunting was disposed to pursue a policy adverse to the peace and welfare of the connexiun. The Melthodist Magazine, for 1821, recorded the anxiety .which Dlr. Benson; oni his death-bed, felt for the connexion in the following words:-" He expressed his solicitude for the pros perity of the work of God in the methodist con. nexlon, and said there was danger chiefly from three sources-the love of riches, the love of honer, the love of rowan." Tutssras ALcocx. P.S.-The following was too,long for insertion in the accoutnt of the conference ; but it ii interesting as containing the views of John Wesley and the clergymen with him, on church government. It is from the minutes of the second'confereceo in 1748: 'Q. Is episcopal, presbyterian, or independent church government, most agreeable to reason ?' A. '1 he plain origin of church government saems to be this : Christ sends forth a person to preach the gospel: some of those who hear him, repent' and believe in Christ. They then desire him to watch over them, to build them up in faith, and to instruct them in the way of holiness. Here then is an indepen ident congregation, subject to no pastor bit their own, neither liable to be controlled in things spirl. tual by any other man, or body of metn whatsoever. But soon after, some persons from other parts, who were occasionally;present while he was speaking in the Lord, beseech him to come over and help.them also. He complies, yet not till he confers with the wisest and holiest of his congregation, and with their consent appoints some'who have gifts and grace to watch over his flock in his absence. Ifit shall please God to-raise a new flock in a new place, before he leaves them he does the same thing, appointing one whom God hath fitted for the work to watch over these souls also. In like manner, in every place where it pleased God to gather a little flock by his word, he appoints, one, in his absence to take the oversight of the rest, to assist them as of the ability which God giveth. These are deacons. or servants of the church, and they look upon their first pastor as the commont father of all these congregations, and regard him in the same light, and esteem him still as the shepherd of their souls. 'these congregations are not strictly independent, as they depend upon one pastor, though not upon each other. As these .ongregations increase, and the deacons grow in years .and grace, they need other subordinate deacons or helpers, In respect of whom they may be called presbyters or elders, as their father in the Lord may be called the.bishop or overseer of them all. ST. PATRntcs'a DAY.-Stunday last was the day consecrated to the honor of Ireland's patron saint. On Saturday night the trand of the St. Joseph's Teetotal Society paraded the townl, and conttinued their perambulations until a late hour, playing various popular national airs.; The sanctity of the Sabbath was not encrochecd npon, and there were but comparatively few cases to be disposed of at the police office, on Monlday mnorlling. FREE LAnon.-Mr. Richard Green advertises for shepherds and hltkeepers to proceed to Port land Bay. TttE LAIItD's WVsIP.-In a certain district in the highlan:ds, tile bellnant nmade tile following proclamation :--" Oh yes ! ohl yes I oh yes! and tdiat's three tlimes, yon'll a' he tak' notice that there'll Ibe sae Lord's day here next Sunday, as the laird's wife will hue a mtckle washing, and site wantsl the kirk to dry the cloes it." SSUGAR REFINING COMPANY.-Private letters from Sydney announce that three Sydney gentle. men of good means are about to proceed to Mel bourne to start a company of this description, of sufficlent extent as to be able to snpply the neigh boring colonies. The ground on which the nIeces sary bnlldings are to be erected Ihas already been purchased. PORT P.tr.LIP.--An agent ias been established for the Irish Exile, and several of the Melboiurne admirers of Mr. O'Donohno have appended their names to a susbscription list.... From a customs' return just publjshed it appears that the number of traders to Britain has swelled from twent).four in '48 to forts-four in '49, and their tonnage from 10,254 to 10,050. The grand total of vessels " entered outwards" in '48 was 446, with 55,001 tons; and in '40, 400 ships, with 82,900 tons.... A man named White had been shot at Geelong sy another namled Frost.... A person namled James Neato hIas been fully committed for trial for attempting to shoot a Mr. James. An account of tled investigation at the police office occupies several eolumns of the Herald: the facts are these: -Mr. Neste obtainled the transfer of tile Royal Hotel, St. Kilda. Mr. James haIppened to be staying at the hotel, and being a witness to some iransactions between Mr. Howard, the late land lord, and Mr. Neate, arising out of the transfer of the premises; a elheque appears to have been deposited in Mr. James' han is, which was to be handed over to Mr. Howard after the fsllfilment of certain preliminaries. Mr. Neate, with a brace of pistols in hand, and in a state of higli excite ment, ruslled sulddenly into Mr. James' sitting room' at two in the morning, and in a most violent and peremptory manner, tinder the penalty of blowing oult Mr. J's brains, commanded himn to deliver "up the cheque, whichl of course Mr. James refused to;ilo, and leaving the room on some pre tence to avoid a repetition of Mr. Neate's alarm Ing threats, he retreated to his room for tile night. TITrLEs.-'?lle bishop of Melbourne, in replying to some remarks of " J. P. F." (John Pascoe Fawkser), observes--" One other point noticed in.yoltr letter I would just touchlt pon. Yout object to address me as ' my lord,' and, for my own part, I attach no valuie to tihe title. I conld have wished" that It had never been given to the bishlops of our cllhurch it tile colonies, beeratse I fear that it is a stunmbling block to some shicere Chrlstians." TRADB OF PORT PssLLIP.-I.n 1848 the estimated valie of imports amounted to £373,076, whichl the year now passed las increased to £470,831, or ant increase of £100,155. The ex ports for tile same periods were, for, 1849 £755,320; and 1848-£675,350, sllewing an in crease of £79,907. This exhibits a contrast to tile trade of this colony exceedingly disheartening. T'e' effect of inter-colonial duties, maintaisned here by profligate expediency, is also shown by another table. ,.The "shipping inwasrds" shew considera ble incerease. Ins 1848. from Great Britain Port Plillip hads forty-eight vessels, of 23,295 tons; whilst lis "49 they increased to one hundred, and 54,6012 tons. From tile surroinding colonies there was a filling of1 in '149, and an increase on " foreign states'" ships. Ins tile gross it seems that in 1848, 4009 vessels entered from the several parts of the world, which number was increased in '40 to,.484, and the tonnage front 07,018 to 07,003. Ills the "ontward shipping" there is an increase in every item except in the siurrounding colonies! It is paintill to record the facts of tile plindering policy adopted by the local goverln sltent of Tasmania. CoLONIAL SALT BeaE.-I was recently asserted by the Sidnsey press that beef salted its New South Wales would not keep good duiring a voyage to England, and tills was attributed to the inferiority of colonial salt. The South Aus tralian'Register, however, takes a different view: -" It is easy to fdin ithis colony beef as well adapted 'for ships' provisions, or for exportation to foreign markets, as for domestic consumption, but some knowlid:e of the provision trade usages itT"Ireland compels us to believe that, in order to. '`lsture tile quality, long-keeping, &c.;, it is necessary that South Australian salt provisions should be cured during the cool, season;, aind properly, stored until required for use on ship board, or for cominercial exportation." INQUEST.-An inquest was held at the female factory on Monday afternoon, before M. Kennedy, Esq.., on view of the body of Bridget Barlow, an infant of three months oldl. This was a most painful, case, the mnelancholy death of the little sufferer having been caused by a lo;sthsome disease, which, at her early age, site had inherited froml her parent. The jury returned an appropriate verdict.. LOVE AND DBT.--There is very little ditfer ence between the atlan in love ansd the maan in debt. Both the debtor ansd the lover cotinmence operations by pronmissary notes; tile former giving bills to his creditor, and the latter sending billet doux to hiis fair one. The lover, by pro mising to cherish, is honored with a place in the lady's good books; and the debtor, by promising to pay, 'winneth admission into the creditor's ledger. Love keepeth its captive awake all nightl; so'doth debt. Love is unicalculating, and debt holdetih no reckoning. The Iman who owes money is ina need of brass, anld so is the swain th.it poppestl the qluestion. Debt bringethi a matan into cosur , and nuo gallant can succeed in love who is usnprepared to go to court. The enamored one Iathl a suit to prefer, and tile inllebted one a suit to defend ; the lover is his own solicitor, and the debtor employetth all attorney. There is, however, one paintfil dissimilarity between love aud debt, which relldereths the latter the less of the two evils,-lole cannot be quenchlled, btt debt Imtty be liquildated. lenRCANTILV.--It will bb oebserved by alnl'al vertiselnent that Mr. WVn. Williinms, the hrotltr of thie late ThomasWilllams, Esq., hibt sbOitsened business in the premises adtjobtiing tle govern ment depbt, St. John-street. OuR IN)IAN EMPIRB.-Ilmnediately on fle fall of tile fortress of Moultan, there appeared in anl Indian periodical a series of letters addressed to the governor-general, on the course of policy In be pursuned on tile final couquest of the Pnitjaub, written with so mnch force, freedom, and foleenast, as to have attracted the general attention of the Indian punhie,--lss s?ls a case, by far the most competent judge. Tllese remarkable letters are, as they well deserve now republished it Eugllond. At first anonymous, they were soon discovered to be the production of a young civil functionary, the sonl of Sir George Campbell (himself a masn 6f talent and nccomplishment), and tile nephew of the Chancellor of the Dlely of Lantcaster. Talent and assiduilty would seem, indeed, to lhave become a Ileritage ill tile family of the worthy and ve nerated pastor, Lord Catnphell's progenitor. The writer of the letters, like his iuncle, appears to have been edlnealed, first at the grammar school of Ihis native town, Cnpar, Fife, where esxcellent tuition costs bult 7s. Od. a quarter; and then at tile University of St. Andrew's, but tell miles distant, where a six month's coutrse of lectores on any braneh of literature, art, or pllilosophy, by first-rate professors, may be had for tile moderateo suss of 68s. a piece I Andi we must deem this economical training quite adequate for every useful purpose of active or contemplative life, sinco a similar one produced an Adam Smith, anlI in our owl timnes has given ts an English attorney general, a lord chancellor of Ireland, anid a power fill and popilar author. The saga.cionls master of the Cnpar Grammar School, in Lord Campbell's boyhood, used often to predict that John Camtp bell would one day become a man of note; and if Ilis successor was endowed with tile saeo sagacity, we can fainey him making a similar predletion respecting the nephew, who, it is not difflicult to foretel, is destined to rise, to be an Indian Se cretary of State, an Indian Councillor, and all Itidian Governor. V. .D. LAND INsunANCE COsIPANY.--Tle first instalment ofretirnied capital--'0 perslhare, to the proprietary, is advertised as now payable. HoNGRONo.-Earl Grey has allowed two non official gentlemen to be called ini to. assist i the deliberations of tihe legislative body at Hongkong, and the governor hlas added mnch lo the grace of the act, and done much to instre its moretlhank.k ful acceptance, by delegating the choice of the new members to the unofficial justices of the peace. SouTHr AUSTRALIA.-The Gnwler Town races came off oil 20th, 27th111 and 28tli nlthino: Mr. Harvey's Jersey won laurels.....Tlhe loilg-pro' mised railway may at lensgth bei pronounced' a settled affiar. A spirli of mnithal coeiscissioli lias smoothed away the only remainingdifficulties. A special ordnance guaranteeing eight per cent. per annum on the cost of "cosltrsctiuli and outfit lhas been introduced, and a clause will be added, through which the tolls and fares may be anug. mented in case an increase sllold be indispensa. ably iecessary.....Another lode has been struck in the Wheal Margaret mine ylieldingsixfy otnices of' silver to' the tons of ore.....A definitive ar rangement Ihas been made by tlie seventteei pro prietors in the gold company, to carry oil tlhl works with vigor : Messrs. Morphett, Montefiore, and Neales have ben eslected' as a ntianitlthIg coommittee... A new lodge of freemasons was ltatly opened at the Burra, called the " Milired Lodgo of Kooringa." Several of the principal officers of tile mystic craft were present, and initiated Iduts teen members residing there..... On 21st the annual agricultural and horticultural' shovw came off; it is said to have suspassed thle exhibitions' of former years..... A new csnntregational chapel was opened by the Rev. J. Q. Stow, onl 0th ultimo. EsMANCIPISTS AND TaANSPORTATION.-In:com menting upon a recent meeting held at Mt reton Bay, to protest against the revival of transportation to New South W'ales, tihe Moreton Bay Courier makes tihe following remarks:-" Of all persons interested in tihe discontinuance of transportation, we conceive that those who have been transported to this country should be the foremost. Tile painful distinctions which must be felt by individuals in that situation were dying away, until the question of transportation was again brought forward in the colony; but if criminals continue to be sent here, it must be evident that those distinctions will be perpetuated. Instead of class animosities becoming extingdislhed, the old feelings of rancour between free immigrants and freed persons will be renewed with a thousand-fold virulence, and will be Ianded down to their children's children. Tile certainty of this lamentable result was present to almost every person who spoke at the late meeting, and hlias been repeatedly adduced in tlhis and other colonial journals as one of the reasons why the system 'soultd cease. The Legislative Council of the colony has already had before it some measures calculated to fix the brand of infamy for ever upon persons wholhave fully deserved the forgiveness of society, and tilhe only excuse for those measures has been the resumption of transportation. No man of common humanity can desire to see Ilis repentant fellow-man perpetually an outcast ;. but every per son of ordinary observation calln see that such must be the case unless the influx of prisoners is stoplpdd. Those already here have their fortunes toa certain extent in their own hands, and any that may arrive before the remonstrance of the inhabitants reacl,es the British government, will' have an equal claisce of working their way to liberty if they behave themselves properly ; but all such persons, how. ever worthy their behaviour, may be assured that nothing but tilhe tr.al extinction of transportation to this colony, can give them a hope of escapinig the hIorrors of perpetual disgrace." CNSvUF,--In consequlence of a enmmllllication received ifrom tile light Heon. Earl Grey, a c5alllls of New SoluthWales will beo taken in tlie begin. ning ofthe year:1851. AcCmsENT.-Jost before the Shamroclk hIallned of flrom the wharf yesterday afternoon, one of, tlhe crew was goiing on board, when the stage alipned, nndl he was ireclpitatted ,Into the water. For tsnnilely he could swim, anid a rojil having been thlown to him from the stealmer, le was quickly on boCrd, wiliont slastainilg any iljury. BnonADhIADOWs.-, A site has been fixed for s village at Broadmleadowe, in the district of. Port Phillilp. TitANsPonTATrON,-A correspondent of tile S. d,. Herald sa'3':-''The tnoble cihanspion of a noble eause has again pent on his polished arlnour and entered-the field of battle; Ilehfoends his re vised mtemnorial upon an assertion which any clerk in thile andilor-general's office, or, any printer's devil,. mlst know to lie incorrect; namely; that since the .' ablition, of transportation this colony lineas gradually fallen from a state of uneexampled prosperity to'one of' comparative poverty and dis tress."l Let ,ts take wool for. one, proof of this. The, valiue -of tie export. of wool: in 1885 was £a00,587.; in 1844, it was £646,844: so thlatwitll alt.conllcts to mind our sheep;; the export. vaolle of wool.donltledl itself. : Tallow, a new expert,'inl 1843?wOas £0039.' Tallow, 0 tile year 1844, with out-convict labor, increased to £83,511.. 'Tlhe ex tort offsalt -meat, a new, export,"in 1843', was '£18.024; 'in-184,4, it, was, wcithoat concict nabor, £18,780." The export of.livee stock if 1843 was £41,01 5, and' in 1844, zwithout - convict • labor, £40.804. - The exports ofhlies andl+ileather, in 1843, -was 10,805 ;.. in 1844,-thle exports, witthunt convltclabior, was' £22,285. Adi tuls., we may proceed to alshow tile tables, ever: since tihe abolition of'! transportstion,lhave. beeis tsurnledl in ffavorsof this colony it a wosderful.,mnner.' ; . : - ':STocK" -§Art,.-Messrs. Underword' :&Eddie; willlholhl an extesisive ssileof stock :tomorrow, at Cleveland. ? ADEN A Fterr PORT.--Tle followinp draft of an' act lhitnd' liei ei'ad 'for 'lhs firati tsili?e ilil Bosliayi "Legislastive'COisiicll; naid wa?si?l'tilr Ie consid, red at the first nlisetlig.o" council after the 22iid Deeinber : " An A c t to decluar A'den ; Free Poi't-- Whierea'"the trarde lietween 'ilite Western Coast'of India and' the Red'Sea anid pl'aces tliere unt atldju?eii 'will be -inproved fly chicotraging tie'resort of v'esila? oft'nll nations' to tie' port of Adleri iliiAinbii-: It is dediardil-aiid eiintid as fillonws:-I: 'Thie pairt aniil ettlement of Ailehirti Aiabia is a free polst ansd settlement: -and' lio dilly of culstllns is, payahle oal any hilt orothler vessel, or, ai:r l giod s,lanwfully ,carrie. by Soa. or laiid to or front the said -port an?I ?setlement. 1I; Thisi s pid ,t of Adel shlinll inot be teikess to be wiishiis ti iepsoilaloiii of ActVI .'if 1848." SOFFBrN C gsc1--A ,orrespondlcnt' svns Ill it a piusiier oi the crowu is isicaustody at Port Sorell chiarged witih hIisisgviolated two little girls, sisters, the eldest oft oIoisis Inilde.r srevsi i.3 elras Goas TF toITUr Tihe, Tipperar? 'il dicatnor, 'NovI 10;,,ontainss the, following p Rgraph ,l: 'Aus.tratlit.-Coptai Pliiinkett,o R.ll.," recently recesied is letter tfrom Mr.- iAlister wholo hast tbefin i, rolstaile n slolice ii the Soidth Riding oat this coulnt] and 'who iei fewl earsa eno eigrate to Asitraliat, his, entire capital teeing, lessn than £30.. The letter stated rtst the waiter was now worth £10.008. and sie iwaa anxious that all Ihis connltryinenshould go to that favored land." , ' Rev. Mn. SweaBn AN.-ThIa pgenstlemans hlas aTrited int Leanestoni ; lie preaclhed at ,the Pat tesaons-street; Chapel, last Siunday morninic ansdi evening. _,T he .Rev. l. Butters proceeds to his new s5phere of labor by the Shamrock. ;THE , CALIFORNIAN -DELUiON.--A: conres uondetlt of thle 'S!tdue Masoring' Herald writes: "'AentllotIg the perseonals who went on lIoard lthe Spec tn her arrival was a s'mereaitile man mwho lias been very active ini shippling people-to OCll oIn ala: -As- Ie landed lie was met by a- gentlemann colln?eledl' with' tlie culstoms, who saldl, Well, whlut's thll news ?' The reply was, It's fearful hy --- si,, it' terrific the way it which thtis people.are' i ie.'. As lie proceeded up the quay the -samle party, was met :by a conple of mlen, evidently 'eales firom the Interior. iho said, 'Is the 'ens' frmni Clilborntis good, sir? to which- tile reply waws,?: Lots of gold, 'my bo)s--Its of gold,' in a -tone of tslimlllnpll, whichl, lproliably, aecured a couple of passengerst for 'thie first ship for Call fornia. rCUsTodn MrC.-1. Cassels, the collector of "ris 'toins at MMelbourne, arrived, here on Saturday Satiurday last, by the Shasmrock. Mr; Simpson of ilie Hobart 'Town e lll etlls deparnel'ti' gsieyup 1i Mellbourie b'y thi steatmer, on leave of absence fo'r three mInonths. Tjsis Pnkct,e oP Sctrur.swvio Ho5sTErIN h1s left Meilholrne for Geeloeg; iit order to'tisake a toeir of tie western distriet. SuitiiMArY POWER Oi JUSTices.--The legi8 lativecouncil oft Indli has at Inst tik'eitlle re itereited complnints of lthe grannt juiries Iht the Straits 'ito' conasleratiol, lad pulblished the draft of sliln et tirovieiielg for the stisuriary trial . of a smple. inaceihiest.elonie', lid issaailtr. Single 'jiastlei'ss r etiplowered 'by. this iet to dispose of emcicji+?ee. ' +'A'FAc'-r:-Tile' fati roncentrated in the' co- Isrinler m ltie.ililga of some ilewspapers are fr€ cqeiiti' thi essence of volum er. Exc?nSloN To GOono? TowN.-.The trip to 'George Town, yesterday, iuner, the auspices. of the Tasmanian Teetotal society, gave general sa tisfaction tb' a coinsideralle number of pleasureo seekers. As the party were returnhitg'they met the Skamock. and Cape Horn, near Pig Island, the' passengers of the.latler vessel giving several cheers for CaOlitrnia, which was returned by some on board the Gypsy, and the bhand. E'sorATtoN.-lB y the Cape horn and 'Sagm. roack io fewer than one hunlldred and eighty per sons have quitted thlese' shores. A 'nmodst unaccountable reilval of emnlgrailowi 'to- Port Phillip has taken place; the stetamer conveys no lees than one hundred and one steerage passen gers to Melbourne. TIII " GvtPsv."-COptaln Tregarthalhas taken command of the steamer Gypasy; his urbanity and readiness to obligo will be 'appreciated by passengers. Tae. CALIFORNIAN AsnveaNTpanai.--Dtring the whole ofTuesday thllenew wharf presented an appearance of unparalleled cietiity. "It was,a diffienlt matter to ,approach the Slzmerock on acdount of tihe heapi of iluigage asid great quantity of fruit and other freight itllh which the whairf was covered. Shortly betore thel ho i for tyr i'lig arrived, a great lnumber. of, rp'ariSous "began to assemble to see 'their "friends off,-aome to Mel hourlle, "and others to' Cillfu'rnil,'aiad by about half-past three l n lin'menlsec?icoiirse haild gatllered on the qiuay.: Hard aiid long were hands shooli, and many~,,tears were , shedas, ihe adventurers, with, Ib'reed ,smiles, j?tped iponltlie d'eck of the steamer, ,whlich was ito, convey them' to tiirli ve'sel, vainly emdenvoring to cheer their'discosnso late friends ,y, ,pronises; of ppeedy return, well ladtihe iretll; gold. :.Alern. thle Sha himrcklIad gut fairlyl, nder, etam,thie Passengers bid adieu to Lanuceston by three parting cheers, which ,were heartily responded to lhy t!he vast assemblage oiinl shore. Thle cheering.was continued at intervals' by small groilp,i tiut as the veas?hl "proceeded over theli Iar ?lie' exaitemint' allhistled, acd tlie eocca sionalil'hiig 'bf: ' lii at i `in hSldkercllf was thell ohly evideire tfj simpatlhy for a deJiartiig 'friend. Thel Sihartock'madle fast hawser ifroni the Cape' Horn, and, towed hter d0owi tl 'river. " s " BiTTERI T'iA'N CALIFonsA; Dickens,;' it i'l caleidated,;ieeieiaad 2, Odi. for e;very word li' his last work, a The Gholt's Bargain:. HORTIOCULTURAL SOCIETY.-The emus expeieted by tlhe'Society from, Circular' Head',' were''put on board'thie City of Sydney but,' notwitli6itading every' eicre, one utifortunately died.? The surviveor is locatied at the' gardins : it'is a fine last year'sa blid antid we hope may ere long'havne't companilon. SExpoRtTIArlb '"lo'HoasEs-A new' andtippa rently mdostitiillreint tethiotl htas been n!anpietl for slhiptping'a Ithhse tii'Califorinia' per'lazcyoit. The tinltais..'eitel'oeed'ih 'a box about six eiet Iligih, thiree feewt' idetiand sevehb'long. Tblie ldeldand ends are planiked upi half-way from'theibittoni, the upper' portitn 'being covered 'in wlih ,tiecessary wiltli canvi?s. On the top plank,at bot lisides and entds, cushions are 'fixed, the padding 6'i.wllich preients the animal being' hurt by chlafitig One end' of the blox takes out, and thei 'horse is backed into it, ?:hen'the lahnks are replaced aitd secured with bars. :A carriage' of this description' can be made to fit any hodie, anrid as there is no necessity for' tlieni io lay down during the voyage. no room would be wasted; whilst ite animals would be less liable io injury: If stoied in' this manner an immense number of horses might be shiiped everi in our colonial traders.' THnE ExPEelD. MacamTEi8s-Mr. :Al ock deli cately, censures the ,insertion .of, the lRev. Mr. Gaud's letter. ' It is a rule ?wRith us, that: a writer who attaches his name to his production, is entitled to a place, if he abstuin :flomn libel ;.andl it is on this principle Mr.,Alcuck's own communication 'is admitted. : :.. ROYAL ENota?NEER.-Ow'ing to a- rrduction in the departmneit of: some' of the 'Australian settle ments' Iteut.-Cololnel Bolton will be takenti from his commnand at New: Zealand,, as also Lieui.-Colonel Baddeley, from:Sydney. Lieut. -Colonel Philpotts, commanding engineer at Hong Kong; is to be 're lieved by a captain; of the corps, in consequence of reduction.-British Army Despatch. INDIAt CoASTING TRaAD.-Tise' govertn'ment'of India, determitned to carry out to the furthest the pIrinciple of free trade, have brought in the sub joined :act, froin which it will be seen liatll the coastihg'trade of India is to be thrown open to all vessels whntiever, without restriction."' The Draft Act was read in Council for the filat time on tihe 9thI of November, 1810 :--" Whereas by an act of parliament passed in the thirteenth year of tihe reign of IIer Majesty, intitlted an Act to'atiend the Laws'in force lor. thie' encouragement of British Shipping antid Navigation, it is enacted with regard to the coasting' tiade of India, that it shall be lawful for the Governor.general of Indiain Couucil to make aniy regulationis authoiising or permitting the conrveyance of goods' or passengers from one part of the piossessions of the 'Erst' Inditia Companny to Ainothler part thereof in other tlain British shilis, subject to such restrictions or regulhtionsais be may tliiqk necessary. It is enacted as follows i . 'Goods anit passengers may be conveyed from one part o~f the territories under thegouvernment of the' ~ast:ndia Company to aintlher part4thereof, in obiher'than British shi'ps, without 'any restriction, other tllnht is or sllhll be equally inmppselI on British ships, for securing ipayment of duties' of.cistom or othierwise. 'Ordred, that 'the' draft' niowVreid be published for general liformation." Ordered, th?at tile' said draft be re`considered at'ilCe first meeting of hle ILegisilti~e Council 'of India,"att,' thle 9th tay of February, 1860."' ,ExrraNsyNB Fine.-Last night about 0,500 hlitlhels, of 'wheat belonging.; to Mi'. Pooler, of. Longford, were consmnied by fire..There. is no doni t this loss was the workiof an linendllary, and Ilhe piolienare. endeavoring to,discover tlhe perpe trator...We.are glad to hear Mr. Pooler was in sured, but not to the full value of the produce. LImnmAn SOCIIETY,--The qu;arterly mnieting of this society wasi held last night, wthen,'after the admislson of new members, various. hooks were selected for purchase. Fins AT ALLANVALE.-LR? at evening, a fire broke out at tile stack-pard of Mr. Mackay, of AllnvanvRale. A quanllly of wheat and straw, together with the huts, were consumed,' Mr. and Mrs. Mackay were from home, and but' for the distacee of the neighbors,lthe d weilig-Hiouse would have been destroyed,. 