War in Australia. [WRITTEN AT BORA CREEK.] OF war I sing in wild Australia's land Between the sable chief's of Bora's band, And Bomra's powerful, yet unwarlike throng, Who're weak in fight, although in numbers strong. Behold where Myall shrubs the plains surround, And stunted pines just mark the rising ground, All armed with clubs, and boomerangs, and spears, A numerous tribe--a painted host appears. Bungarlie with his hundred tribes stands forth, And calls to arms the heroes of the north. Brave Friday quick the taunting challenge hears, And grasps at once his boomerangs and spears: His well-carved shield he strikes with heavy blow, And hurls defiance at the Bomra foe. With hasty strides Bungarlie steps apace, And challenges this Chief of northern race; Three crooked boom'rangs in his belt are slung, Around his neck a chain of beads are strung: His left hand holds a myall shield full strong, The other drag two jagged spears along. With wary stop the Chieftains now advance, With scowling frowns they meet each other's glance; Two yellow plumes their sable brows adorn, The same that from the wild bird's scalp was torn; Their towering forms shine forth with many dyes, And various stripes surround their brawny thighs; Their slender waists with nets are tightly bound, Around their heads the snow- white bauds are wound; Now stately moving on--now bending low-- Now by their sides their spears and boomerangs throw. Bold Friday then his massive shield held high, And dared Bungarlie all his strength to try. The latter quick his myall waddie swung, Full on the woodon shield the weapon rung; Firm in his grasp bold Friday held his shield, His nervous arm scarce to the blow did yield; Not so when old Bungarlie caught the blow, His quivering arm down by his side fell low; Now both in haste the crooked boomerang drew, But Friday first the treacherous weapon threw, As when a hawk swoops on the startled prey, Like lightning through the air he cleaves his way. The ruffled plumage yields a whirring sound, When swooping down he gives the fatal wound. With such a noise the humming boomerang sped; But far above Bungarlie's head it fled-- Then hopped full high--then with a whirling bound It rose in air--then skimmed along the ground Much faster than the soaring eagles fly, As fast as lightning blazes through the sky; Bungarlie sprung with vengeance at his foe, But missed his aim and caught a stunning blow. Backwards he fell, and rolled along the ground, And Friday with the victor's wreath was crowned. Now both the tribes to separate camps retire, And both provide themselves with wood and fire; A frugal meal is quickly then dispatched, And Bomra's chiefs are all in slumber stretched. But lo! what forms now move upon the plain? They glide along like ghosts of heroes slain. 'Tis Bora's band, some dreadful deeds design; A gallant few, their number only nine. See now they've nearly gained their wished-for ground, And smiling on their foes in sleep profound: With horrid shout a shower of spears they threw-- Among the Bomra chiefs the weapons flew; A dreadful yell then echoed far and near, A yell like this ne'er struck on mortal ear-- The deep war-whoop, the wild dogs' hideous howl, That now rose high, now deepened to a growl; The piteous cry, the wounded heroes groan, The piercing scream, the dying wretches moan; Were blended in a wild, unearthly sound, That made the very forests shake around. The Bomra tribe now fled in wild dismay, And left their dogs and spears, and gins, a prey To Bora's chiefs, who stood the dreadful fight, And put ten times their number thus to flight. [FINIS.] 