SYDNEY. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,] Till election of M ne« bung n» el, there is nothing loi the p'rtsuit »»Inch excites public attention but its \ei) dttisne lesiilt lhe success ot the itspcctixc candidates has been ju-t »vint 1 pre- dicted exeej t tint the it turn ol Mr Hill his been e»en mine liiiimphant thin 1 hid nntn tp iltd I he miiiont) itt lined li) th a guult mau is unp ti ilh lied in the biston ot the i ohm» And Ibue w is less ol npnth tie lu ling limn thue li is been nt (.rex tonsil ttuns 1 till lillee I inrtlis ol those enlitlu! to »ole hiixi rnsed then xoieis on lins «univi n Ol (lit e more thin an intiu hall ol tin {(instituent» ictoidnl then xotts loi Ah Hill,-ni ill» the whole ol tim t »v ho id stiunid horn voting »»ere li lends ol Mi Ylleiis , »ihn, (nilling th it he hud not tie ghost of a thanet, did not I ike the Double exe no1 Lomg to the poll I hue is some t ilk about s0,kmg to upset the diction by a »»tit ot ijiio-nat ¡auto, and it is lut horn improbable tint AUK i ninn thurlow, although lu itui li» a liii)oiit) ot ntar!) five to one, nui) seek to obtint l seit b) "ii point ol law ' Ile xxiii not, hoxxcxei sueteul I lit dillu ul tits idled upon are twofold, lust-(lut the Alu)oi x»u» not ullitr in Aldi rmun or a Councillor 'Hie list tlmse, liow«»u, sets this point »»liol!) it i est Si con II), that tin Alii)or einnot lie lus own sue etssor An tnguineiit without the slight« st loiinehtion l.ipil oiniuons liuxe been taken on both suits, und (lie hílame ol uiithor t» is ajuinst tin ob|ettionj Miali ii! teeling 1 nu son» to sax lus been engendered bv the struggle which bills lair to last for some time. Tia« action of Alderman Thurlo»»' against the Hi raid is being prosecuted »»iib vigor, a very silly step on the part of the pliintill'. In commercial matters there aro no changes. Tim Hellen S. Page arrived to-day from Auckland. Dec. 17lh, 1850. FROM THE LOCAL PAPERS. .I i,o i Witton lot Mayor took phut« em the Kuli, « hen tim pi« suit Minor, (.imp« Hill. 1 «<1 »i«s le-elutul lu it xti» Inl^o tiiu'olil» III« tul- lo« nig «us llu« stule c1 the p"H ut Its don' nu lilli, ills'), 'lim I"». -'-''. "lid All«li, 'M. A mu (ingot the lunule li.lugoSiu.lv huh iel,! ni die «n lilli,' ni the I Hil Dm lull I, ut «huh his Hun«« tim (hi.lilusli.i. pit «idul Um nciouiits fiuui F« nulli Muli« that th<« »u ti iii lins, bun it I» Mumbil! Im lim humid, nindi is tin»» in a liu'wiinl stat« 'Ihm« is uiit uiiu.luiiit ut thouiht ni lim »»Iiuituil« Some parties travelling along the Molong Creek, when near Gohanna Hill, came upon the dead body of a man. It had been dragged about ten yards down the brink of the creek, and was frightfully mutilated, having been nearly stripped of flesh by the native dogs. His name and the manner of his death remains a mystery. An aboriginal named Peter was, on the 10th instant committed by the Molong Bench, on a charge of rape and assault, and was ordered to be forwarded to Bathurst Gaol, to await his trial at the ensuing Assizes. The case is repre- sented to be a very bad one. The prisoner is extremely intelligent for one of his race, and speaks English fluently. He is apparently about twenty years of age. llu hi/dnet/ II raid ? (.null uni ti uespondetit sins -' Hu unthill »»nuls lou »»lutem I the "io»\iu_, crops pit um- tun I», the "nun iii ixpjstd situations will he pin« lu I llu lite win ut is pitn.it.iing fun, tlio nun »»huh nu inj mi d it thundii-stiim lust 'sundi» tuning mil windi i Iso tell m copious shone is nu Al »iii» in lining, und also iii tlio i m nmg nt du sum du», bus bun ol tlio utmost be nt lil ami fi tlio pictnlwill lend lo check du npuaiil li ii h m» m (hu prito ol bitud htull ' Wo mentioned some time bath that on old lunn, nunn I ( ntl hud httu m»stetluusl» m ssod liotii Mmll uni li iinii appeal» that he lins been mindi it«! h» du mun Huies, tei whoso house he lind gout to Ii hw ii lunn ot bulkilks ibu e ir cumst uues (hil hi ililli iibont (ho discover» uro mihi i sin lilli, nul un thus deseuhed h» the M lilian I Ven u> y ' A singular otc Jil nu o at lui th lui tollu ttiscoxei V ol the bud» of Cutt A s ttlet minitel Anthon», "icsidmg close to Mult- itud, mid ulm tins iiiqmtinted »nth Hu)es a d Cott, from seeing tliem, but lind ntxei been net r thin pi lets ol n Mili lite, sitvs, that he (¡munt on the iii0littlnt Cutt diHipiM ared, that ho saw )lax es stiiko Colt, und the blood run down Cult's fact, when, llaves, mid, \ou old b - 111 lune lour lund to run mt utttle upon,* that lie (An- thon») novir saw lDus's piuco, hut that the o currciicu took place in the trout ol tim hut, und ntnr tim bunk ut the ei eck As tlio iiuuouis became, moro genual that somo foul phi) must lune oeeuiTed to ki p Cott ai long missing, An- thon) w n icnuiidcilo! his dream, and mentioned It in conversation nilli ii Iricnd on Mommy last, tlio dream was reputed li oin person to pu son, until it heuiinou vin circumstantial nu omit ol thj killing um! bur)fiig ot Cott by Hines On 'luisd iv, the (lillico vnro informed ol tlio dieatn, and it «us then rcmembcro I tluit Constable Keil v serving subj ceuus, on tho Situtdiiy aliti Cottdis appeured, not it ed linns tit »»oik with a spade, luellingtlio topof a di ,iin nour the tut!; " 'Hie plueo was emisiqiientlx seureliu!, and tho hod) found, thpskitll bung tiiietured m semai pinces Hans hail be n lukin mtoeustod) 'I he gi uni innkli ot the lint ii \ ii toriti Club ngiunst the ullin rt and men ot tho garrison nuil 11 M s II u mindi, uune til with »cr» great eclat on Unirai! tv hut 1 ho pi i» on both sides was in sliiidltiit ibu United bcintc eleven made in their that innings it score of 11)4, mid tlio \i (ulm eleven scored DI. 'lins »tato ot iiHnT, hu»» ever, nuns nltired, lu the se ord innings, and the Victorians ou ulindi» ion the mutch willi iluto ttielatstogo down 11 tiittu the hrst and st conti innings luncheon was sirvtd uti, ut windi ul out stxt) per sons sat donn, iiidusivo nt his 1 x ellem» tho Governor, nth Ins still mid ti iiuinhei of other distuigiiishel gu sis lho lim Abs Steuart npputied on the " omi in (he ionise ot thoulUr lloOll. _ 