BETTER. LATE THAN NEVER. In a recent number (16th July) of the ' Colonial Times,' we have perused a leading article full of argument and solidity, on a very sensible subject. It seems that Earl Grey lias been devising a plan, so as to reimburse the imperial Exchequer, for the expenses incurred by the future transmission of prisoners of the Crown to these shores. It is proposed that each of these forced emigrants should thus be mulcted, for the benefit of the Home Government, in a sum of £15—the accumulation of the prisoners' savings, and on payment of which, depends the grant oi' a conditional pardon. It appears that Sir William Denison objects to the proposed arrangement.. Now we waive altogether, for the present, any participation in the adjustment of the merits of the question, pro or con. Our immediate object is merely to call attention to the most curious character of the objections so peculiarly alleged by the 'Colonial Times,' and from which it is very easy to see a return at last to the calculations of common sense, and something of a reviving glimpse at that stupid folly which has so well nigh plunged the colony into the depths of ruin. The ' Colonial Times' insists that these accumulated savings of the prisoners, proposed to be sent out under this suggested arrangement, are "clearly the property of the colony— the moveable capital — the general currency—the life-blood of commercial dealings ; without which, trade would stagnate—would cease." That journal further goes on to say, that by the refunding to the British purse, the cost of the transmission to the colony of these prisoners, a most serious evil—almost thoroughly destructive, would ensue to our colonial interests. We had better give its own language:—"To whatever extent the capital of circulation is withdrawn from the colony, to an equal extent will internal commerce be hampered, and the more nearly the amount withdrawn, approaches the whole amount of circulating capital, the closer will trade be to the point of stagnation and cessation. The ramifications of trade are so minute, and so intricatelyarranged, and withal so delicate, that it is dangerous to touch them at all, moie especially, with a rude hand. An unwary touch may cause sucli derangement and disorganisation, as years may not suffice to remedy, and may lead to the ruin of many individuals and families." Wcllj bere we have an argument of policy, and commerce, and finance, very evidently elaborated, with the assistance of some research over such celebrated tomes as those of the "Tfiat writers on 'political economies—- llicardo, Maculloch, and Adam Smith. 13ut what is this noisy trepidation all about ? What is this fearfully enormous amount of loss of colonial capital, which the ' Colonial Times' so alarmingly prophecies to be almost sure of plunging us all into sucli fearful ruin aud sueli sad dispair ? Why, is it to be believed that the mighty sum is a conjectural one of the "annual withdrawal of .£>20,000?" —occasioned by this suggestion of Earl Grey:—and which .£20,000 the ' Colonial Times' says will ctfuie merely out of the pockets of perhaps the 1500 holders -of ticket-of- leave, who it conjectures, may perhaps annually arrive on our sliores ! Alt! so colonial bankruptcy will be! well nigh consummated by the loss of this £20,000, to to paid and remitted to London, by and "/or, prisoners of the Crown ! Alas—we may cry—to what a sorowful pitch is poor Van Diemen's Land reduced at last! She is doomed by an old friend to die—not of a giant's disease—nor certainly a giant's death ! Her existence, too, must depend on this scanty purse of a band of poor prisoners ! Now, we must own,.that in all this, we see nothing but the canny half-penny higgling of a Scotch workshop. Who ever saw a more splendid illustration of the old homely proverb —" a penny wise—a pound foolish!" None of these sighs and groans and dismal forebodings were ever once uttered when the ' Colonial Times' and other portions of the press, hailed with a yell of such hysteric infatuation—not the probable flight of a paltry .£20.000, but of nearly half a million from our shores, in the ces satiou of transportation to this colony ! The overflowing slreams of the commissariat, and the almost gratuitous labour of passhalders and their large contribution to the general revenue, were seen to vanish for ever in an ecstasy of most convulsive rapture—now the colony, forsooth, is awfully perilled at the shadowy dream of but a few half-dozen thousands of pounds, paid out of their own hard earnings to the home government, by prisoners sent here uuder some other system ! We thus suspect that at length the admonitory hints, given as follows, are beginning to have some weight amongst us. Mr. Melville, it is well-kuown, held views by no means favourable to our prison- population, yet, in his published account of Van Diemen's Land iu 1833, he fairly states, in his observations on our ' jRevenue and Currency,' that—" first in real importance to the colony, is the revenue derived under a parliamentary vote, for tbe maintenance and custody of the convict population. This wholly in the hands of the commissariat, and of course varies each year according to circumstances. Some may hesitate to admit it as part of the revenue of the colony, although a very little consideration, it is submitted, must at once place the subject iD that point of view which will immediately remove an impression unfavourable to the ground thus assumed. The question is simply this. There is an annual charge of about one hundred thousand pounds incurred iu one way or other, in regard to I he prisoner-population, the whole of which is expended in this colony. Of course there must be some means of providing this sum. Whatever source therefore furnishes it, cannot be other than a revenue—and a revenue, in this instauce, be it observed, of the most beneficial nature, being exclusively raised without the contribution if a single shilling oil the part of the inhabitants oi' the colony. It may indeed be easily shown, that it is to this revenue more than to any oilier circumstance that Van Diemen's Land owes the commanding station she has at this moment readied in the scale of colo- nies. — (Melville's « Van Diemen's Land, p. 5. J Such are the impartial admissions made so long as seventeen years ago. We must also recall the truthspeaking sentiments of Mr. Bicheno, iu the Legislative Council (March 27, 1848),' on the subject of tlie thread-bare tale of pinching grievances. The question before the Council was, the appointment of a committee to enquire into the usual crowd of colonial grievances. Mr. Bicheno remarked —" It was like stirring up the ghosts of grievances. It could not be denied that the Home Government had got, if the claims were persisted in, a heavy demand upon this colony. The "colonists were always pressing their case on the consideration of the Home Government, and stating that their grievances were too hard to be borne. And what answer did they expect ? They might depend upon if, they would have the same as that given to ihe people of New South Wales —' We will give you a Legislative Council, but we will withdraw your convicts. You shall manage your own aifairs—shall receive none of our assistance.' Honorable members might depend upon it, that would be tiie reply of the Home Government —' Let pardons be given to all the convicts who are available, and let the rest proceed to Norfolk Island.' This, the bon. member considered, would be disadvantageous to the interests of the colony. The colony would never again be in such a flourishing state. Hon. members would act unadvisedly if they threw any obstacle in the way of that stream of irrigation—to use the simile of an lion, friend—flowing from the commissariat department, and fertilising tlie soil and prospects of the colony." The statement of Sir W. Denison in the Legislative Council is too forcible to be forgotten, when such questions are before us—" The free people had derived their subsistence from the labour of the convict population. Many of those who bad attained a wealthy position had derived that wealth from convict labour." Tlie still more recent remark of Sir W. Denison, in his comments on Dr. Gaunt's memorable letter-writing, is most apposite—" To the presence of the convicts—to the cheap labour thus afforded—Van Diemen's Land owes her prosperity, aye, even her existence."—(Sir W. Denison's Despatch to Earl Grey, November I, 1848.) Mr.John Morgan admits—" Convict labour was the bread every man ate." Nor can we forbear, when treating on tliis subject, to recall the memorable words of Mr. Carter, of Buckingham House, uttered upon a recent public occasion—a gentleman who has always, at all hazards, stood forward with unyielding firmness to advocate injured rights, aud abash the impudent frauds of selfish faction.— " 1 would shrink from the men, said Mr. Carter, who have betrayed their adopted country ; if they make use of their senses, their eyes, their cars, and their understanding, they must know it is not as represented by them —and why do they continue in that course of misrepresentation that has brought upon us the unmerited stigma ? I will look at the signatures to the requisition for this meeting— though not by name,—and I will ask them what reason they have to complain of the state of society ? There are many of them who came, and received a bonus for coming to liveamongst convicts ! They took convicts aud worked upon their land .so given to them, until they made fortunes ! Did not some of these gentlemen resort to the bush and work with the convicts upon the land, until Hobart Town increasing, they came there and set up in their professions ? Now they represent the convicts as not fit to breathe the same air with themselves ; aud yet with all this assumed contamination, they have brought up their families morally. I will say to these men who are joining in the cry of contamination—why do you not leave the colony ? There are some worth forty, others twenty, and some ten thousand pounds—if it is such a pest-hole, why do you not leave it? I notice others, some of them only resident here a few years, and who probably came with only a few hundreds of pounds to engage in business ef scqje sort or other ; we see that after a few years . they have built mansions wlncli a foreign prince might envy, and men with their carriages driven by convict servants."— Mr. Carter's Speech at the Mechanics' Institute, • 30th January^ 1850. Here then wo have authorities for' asserting that our very puny handful of free emigrant adventurers are actually indebted to tlie vast majority of the prison population for their very ' bread,' ' subsistence,' ' prosperity,' ' position* wealth,'—yes, their very ' existence' In a word, to that part of the population is the Government mainly indebted for all their taxes— the missionaries for all their salaries —the settlers for all their free grants, find their labour—the shops for all their trade—and the colony for all their roads, bridges, wharves, and public buildings, We presume it is with these startling reminiscences that the ' Colonial Times' bcg'ns, though late, to awake oat of its long leaden slumber. But its usefulness, as we think, is most sadly exhibited in • this nibbling cry about the fearful loss apprehended from the injury likely to be sustained in tlie colonists not being allowed to linger this expected pocket-money of the forthcoming compulsory emigration of Earl Grey's ticket-of-leave .holders ! We perceive tliat there is a reforming colonial Society just established at home, entitled, ' Society for Beform of Colonial Government' We have perused the initiatory Address published to the world, by the Council ui this Society. This Address lajnents over the ' heavy and unnecessary burden imposed on the United Kingdom for the government and protection of thecolonies.' It further denounces, in most angry terms, the ' extravagant imperial expenditure' occasioned by so tenderly nursing this and other sub-emerging infant colonies. Well, this sage Society ought, in duty bound, to pay very grateful homage to our press and patriots, in releasing with such labour the mother country from her long exhaustion, occasioned by such a wasteful profusion for years amongst us, of the protecting caresses of the Imperial exchequer, and throwing Tasmania at last on its own—as yet unknown resources ! But will this little boy's game of the 'Colonial Times,' in withholding the savings of our future prisoner-emigrants from the august Imperial mother, throw p,uy cloud over the otherwise unqualified praises of the colon ially reforming British Association ? We fear it will. This Association would diminish Imperial expenditure — the ' Colonial Times ' would slyly increase it! At all events, we are gratified at any symptom whatever of suspension of that bitter warfare carried on for years by the ' Colonial Times' and others against the unoffending population of this land. It augurs well. It is the beginning, we trust, of an abjuration of that pbarisaism of all our little Cautvvells, Maw worms, and Praise-God-Bare-Hones, who liave puffed themselves by a bubble inflation into an ephemeral existence, at tiie expense of sober decency and uncharitable outrage of all common honesty. We trust these Diotrephes of scheming sectarianism, will soon make room for our more sterling Goliaths of virtuous, manly industry. But, stop! we must hold our pens. Our contemporary, the * Colonial Times,' in its very next article, in the same page, denounces the whole system of transportation as an intolerable nuisance—though, as we have just seen, it was ably advocated in its leader—a profitable advantage ri commended to "be taken of a little corner of'that, there renouncecl system—we mt^n, of the saving^ of future prisoners of the Crown! Again, in tips article, the olti game s ccn.iuued more than ever of morality—all morality! And further still, Sir W. Denisou is railed at—for these Bible Christians can ' rail at dignities'—for falsely representing this colony as in most senses in a prosperous state—though this very article in question does admit that the colony is ' a flourishing and productive settlement!' The Lieut.- Governor must not presume to utter what the ' Colonial Times" claims for itself the exclusive privilege of announcing ! Well, really, through mere mercy to our indulgent readers, we must not drag their tried patience into any further contradictory vagaries. Had we the creative genius of our own noble countryman, Burke, who staggered even the subtle Lord Bolingbroke himself, by his ironical publication against that nobleman, of the « Vindication of Natural Society,'—or of our celebrated Swift, who so inordinately laughed at the follies of mankind, in the wandering achievements of his imaginary Gulliver, we might then attempt to benefit the world by such an anatomy of our colonial press, as would both right well amuse and somewhat instruct our neighbours: but as we profess to have 110 such parts, we must leave our droll contemporaries alone in all their glory! No fairer criterion—no more infallible exponent can certainly be adduced of civilization, tone, character, and feelings of any people, than its public press. We must, in most sober earnestness, crave leave to observe, that if onr habitations and population are to be judged by such a criterion and test, verily we do believe tlie world at large must, in good truth, imagine, that we are the most whimsical foolish people of the most foolish colony of the most foolish quarter of the habitable globe! 