WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. :O~iVMonday evening, 'th 23rd instaut, .the fifteenth annual meeting of the Wesleyan Mis sionary Society was held li, Patterson-street Chapel; the Rev. Mr. Sweetman irlthe chair. The meeting commenced with singing and prayer, and after some introductory remarks from the chairman, the Rev. Mi. Gadl read the report. Great improvement seems to have taken place during the past year in the funds of the parent society. The debt, which at the time of the last report amounted to £13,358610s. Id., has been redluced to £10,840 10s. 2d. The receipts for the year were £111,685 13s. 6d., the expenditure £109,108 10s. 7d. The contribution of Van Die. men's Laud towards thivtund hasbeen £50219s. 7d. The general tone of the report was encouraging; hut the committee lamented that in one part of the worlm, the West Indies, there had been a declen sion of piety. Mlr. Crookes, in moving the first resolution,, said: I rejoice In the various points of success touched upon by the report. It is pleasing tofind that the society umaintains its ground, and that in someu places new fields are being occupied. 1 rejoice to hear of the success of other christian 2bodies; the great object of all their exertions is the salvation uof the world. It becomes as to reflect on this desirable object, to consider the means by which this vast and glorious undertaking nmay be carried ouit, and to pray that God in his grace would bring to pass that saying, Tlhe knowledge of the Lord shial cover the earth as the waters cover the-deep, and all fleash shall see thle salvation of God." The duty of the christian chlurch is to set forth the truths of tile gospel. When the dis ciples, in obedience to the divine command, went into atll the world, preaching the gospel, great success attended their labors; idolatry disappeared, thie kingdom of Christrwas established, and menl acknowledged him as-the Saviour of the world. Whilst pursuing the same course we have evidence that the blessing:of :heaven attends ins.. The church. has the? means., at. comnfand, an?l if. slte willasse' tlihemas tite word of Goda directs, tlhe earth Iwill be filled with, tle'knowledge of God, the spirit will be poure pnut in answer to prayer, :and all the.world shall see God's glory.. Retv.Mr. rlndiey(Free Churcll), in seconding the' resodlition, obseerved : It gives mei heaitfelt jhilalitire to b'e presorit this eveening. Wheni hear frni' the reort Ihow God is working in Euro.pe, ha Asia, in Africa, and In the islands of the seo, I feel deeply grateful that one portion at least of the Chiirch ofOhrist is endavoring to fulfil the command of the Lord Jesus, "Go ye into all the world, and tealch all nations, baptisilg them in name of the Father, of tihe Son, and of the Holy Ghost." As the report gives one instance of prosperity after another, increased membership, improved funds, and the diffusion of a spirit of piety, we see that whilst the church is doing its dity, Christ is ful filling his promise, "Lo I am with yen alway, even to thile end of the world." The other part of the resolution refers to the apostolical injunetion, " In everything give thanks." It becomes you to give thanks to our Lord astd Savioar Jesus Christ for that large measure of success which he has already vouchsafed to you; yet, let not your thanks be mere empty words, but Iresent your thank offerings with hearts full of gratitude I and if that noble spirit of liberality,which was so strik ingly manifested last year in the reduction of the debt should be continued, and if the people should give inore largely as God has prospered them, then "God, even our God shall bless us, and all the ends of the earth shall fear him." O, if our thaskfulness bore any proportion to the thankful ness of Jacob, what might not be accomplished? We are not straightened in God, eut in ourselves. What an imporntant fact is the conversion of so many individlals; every hundred of such persons are so many fresh advocates of the cause oflChrist. Wesleyanism and success are not terms newly associated. The spirit of wesaleyanism has beent a missionary spirit from its very commencement. Wesley and his fellow- laborer Whitfield were the first home missionaries. Driven from the clhnrclh, they went unfettered through the length and breadth of the land, declaring the unsearchable riches of Christ to many who had scarcely heard his name. No missionary journeys can be com pared with those of John Wesley. My native land has had cause to rejoice in his labors; im portant revivals of religion date their commence ment from his visits. I cannot forbear to mention the fraternal manner in which the wesleyan body received the deputation of the free church, during that struggle which agitated the churelL.of my fathers, when we were legally, though unjustly driven from our places of worship; they opened to tlhem their chapels and their treasures, and contributed fiunds for their use. We-are called upon to rejoice, on the grould of our common christianity ; whenever we meet christians engaged in Iheir Master's work, let us rejoice with them as fellow-lahorers. On my passage to this couintry about three months ago, oar vessel, deeply laden and slowly moving tl!rough the waters, was overtaken by anotlher less.encum bered. The British ensign was hIoistei and signals made; pennons red, white, and blue, appeared on tihe mast of eaclh-a display which, to tile un. Initiated, seemed childish. We learned that these vessels had secret signals, and a com mon signal hook, by means of which they could read each other's history, and learnt from the state of their instrumaents whether their calculations were correct. Clhristians have a code of signals, a common signal book-one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ; their faith is founded oat the immovable rock of the Redeemer's godhead, and the gates of I)ell slall not prevail against it. Each token of God's goodness lays tis unader'an.additioaal debt of gratituade, aild if we go on in faithl, depending upon 'God for lils blessing, we may hole soon to see thie fil ' noontide of the goijiel day. . When this spirit shall pervade the earth, then God slall bless its: when the history of missions connected with different denominations of christians, shall merge into one, and become the history of the church of Christ, then shall the gospel, like a sea of glory, spread froma pole to pole." I have great pleasure il seconding the resolution. Tlie second resolution was moved, by the Rev. J. Egglestone, who said-The committee have shown their wisdom in appointing me to move a resolution of which Mr. Thomas is to be the seconder, naturally supposing that I should 'iot wish to occupy your time when a speaker of so much interest is to follow. One partlicularpoint int the report attracted my attention-lthe cheering accounts from Western Africa. The claims of the African have been for years nrged on oir'native land, and our nation has partly redressed'his wrotigs by striking off the fetters from the slave and employ. ing vessels of war to cruise about the coast, in order to 'check the slave trade. Missionary operations have been vigorously carried on, and have been attended with special blessings. Coomaslle, the capital obf Ashit?tee, was 'distin guishled for the sanoginary rites of its soperatition. When lthe missionaries commenaced their work there they were viewed with much suspicin, linut the king soon, permitted their stay, aid not the least itlterestitig lact connected with the history of that mission is tihe conversion of his ownnu'pltew. He was sent to Engluand to be edacated; on his return he offered himself as a missionary. and was appointed by tlhe Cape Coast district to Coomassie, hIis native place. He was affectionately received by his t?icle, conciliated the affection of the king's children, and made favorable impressions on tile minds 'ofmany chiefs. Often might he be.seen int the public street preaching the gospel. The governor of Fernando Po related a circumstance 'which was deeply affecting. A native killed the son of t1 chief by striking hIim on the head iith i hammer. He was seized, tried by a-jury of twelve, found guilty, and condemned to tdeath. -After sentence had been pronounced, a chief waited upon the governor with a requlest that ie mighlt be allowed to have ans interview with the prisoner; this was granted. The chief alterwardsappeareda Iefore the goverilor, pale -and.agitated, beseeching himio' spare the life of the cnlprlt; bhi said tlint be had been with him, and had left him praying and penitent: if he were truly penitent'le would never do the like again-if not, the fearful respon. sibility woild rest ulpon the governor of sending, a senl unprepared into the presence of its Maker. The governor hesitated; i lie was inclined to grant the request, blt there were circumstances of so aggravating a character connected with the case, that it seemei necessary to make a signal example of tile man. On the day appointed for his execn tion ten tlhousand natives assembled to witness it. Tile governor arrived ; the chief again fell at his feet beaeeching him.to spare the life of the pri soner; the governor proclaimed that the sentence of death was commuted to a year's imprisonment. That chief was the father of the murdered child. What lint the gospel conld have produced such. a result? The spread of tilhe gospel along thle coast of Africa will be the most effectual means of putting a stop to the slave trade. The missionary spirit is the chief glory of clristians. Cihrist, tile first missionary, left ius an example that we should follow in his steps. Tihe tendency of every one who feels the fire of divine love burning in Ihis heart, is to diffuse the blessings of which lie has been made partaker; and in proportion as this feeling becomes an element in our own clharacter, in that proportion shall we be instraniental in advancing the caulse of Christ. The Rev. J. Thomas, in seconding the resolu tion, observed :-Were I to consult my own in clination, I would rather sit and listen ; but as I am expected to say something, I will refer to the scene of my former labors. The people of the Friendly Islands were formerly very dark and barbarous. They had gods many and lords many. They conceived that their clietfs were related to tihe gods, that after death they became inferior deities, and acted as intercessors with their stn. periors on behalf of men. Female chiefs were sacrificed at tihe death of tleir husbands to secure blessings for their sons, their successors in the chieftainsliip. Until very lately human sacrifices were offered at the death of all chiefs. Tile first converts were exposed to persecution, and the inhabitants of six villages were driven from their homes. War would have been tile result, but it was prevented by tile intervention of thle mis. sionaries. Stations have been formed at Arpali Vavon, and the Navigators', which are supplied from Tonga. Two kings hIave died in the faithl, and many chiefs are under tile influence of relli gion. It has been reported that the Tongeese worshipped no inols; this is incorrect: they adored fishes, irds, chiefs, sacred houses, and sacred places. [The speaker exhibited two whales' teeth, which he said had been supposed to be the shrines of powerful divinities. One of these gods. was given to Mr. Thlctas by an old lady, now a consistent Christian, who remembers to have seen and conversed with Captain Cook. A Tonga New Testament was also shown.] The natives, amidst, all their dissensions, have regarded the lives of missionaries sacred : even the enemies of the trnth lhave been ready to defend them. God has said-"Toueh not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm." Let nis give chlleerfullly to the missionary cause. What we give unto the Lord lie is able to pay mis back again. Tile third resolution was moved by the Rev. H. Dowling. The committee (said Mr. Dowlilg) have shown their wisdom in appointing another missionary to second the resolution which it is imy duty to niove, and thus to relieve the prosiness of an old nlan like myself., Onle fact in the report struck me: it was the check giv.en to the flow of usefsilness and satisfaction in one part of the world. God often sanctifies seasons of adversity by awakening thought, and bringing his children nearer the throne of divine mercy. When I was a boy, returning to England from the East Indies, I saw a vessel near Gravesend witll a blue flag and three doves upon it. I. enqired of a sailor what vessel it was, and what cargo site carried. The reply was-"They have got a cargo of par. sons s" "Wlhat will they do with them ?" "Land them and send for more." This is just what Mr. Thomas wants,-a ship-load of missionaries; land them and send for more. I was once engaged in promoting female immigration: a gentleman said to me-" What shall 'we do ? if we get oust one emigrant ship, the people will want more." So one circle extends and formsothers. One section of tie churrll cannot carry out every thing. Dif fereut objects specially engage the attention of individual minds: Dr. Carey thought of the wants of Asia; Lady Huntingdon of the claims of Ta hiti. We want not merely money, but men well qualified for the work: yet they cannot go without means. We have heard of Christmas offerings ; 1 suppose we shall have new year's gifts, and the gleanings after all. The Rev. Mr. Rigg said the resolution Ihe had to second was most important. Did we seek to enlist your sympathies on behalf, of a people sprishing for lack of bread, you would join heart and hand in the cause. But when we ask you to give back part of what tie Lord Iras given you that the glad tidings of salvation may lie sent to linners, will you not respond to the call? Do not measulre your liberality by the tenth part of your substance, but give as the Lord has prospered yoe. The fourth resolution, appointing tile oflicers fur the ensuing year, was smoved by Rev. Mr. Gaud, seconded by J. G. Jennings, Esq. 