THE NEW YORK MIRACLES. (From an Auburn correspondent of the 'Boston Chronotype.') It is asserted that a sound of knock ing or rapping is every now nnd then heard in the rooms of many houses — heard alike by the regular inmates and by visitors or perfect strangers — and sometimes even in the open air and in the open country, nnd iu answer to ques tions! " At the risk," writes the cor respondent, " of exciting the wonder of those who are continually looking for .siz/wnalural things if they do not un derstand them, I will state that not only do we get the rapping in answer to questions, but other very singular manifestations, showing that there is absolutely a power in some thing which is invisible to us. and that that power has a will to direct Even the rapping is a sufficient proof of both power and will, for no sound could be produced without a vibration of the atmosphere. And it could not sound in different places at the request of persons unless there was a directing will. But there are plainer proofs than this : I have been witness, many times, to the moving of tables, chairs, Sic., at the request and without the request of persons present. 1 have been in vestigating with others, making every effort to detect any deception, or any visible cause for what was occurring, and have seen a table move some dis tance on the. floor and then back again -.1 I , me place irom wuence it started. At other times the table would adhere to the floor as if a great weight was upon it, and a person would have to lift very strong to raise it from the floor on one side, so that it would tip to an angle of forty-five degrees, and there remain while persons would bear heavily upon it without bringing it to the floor. AVhile in this situation you might feel, by laying your hands upon it, a peculiar tremulous motion, at times resembling the action of a very gentle galvanic battery. In fdet, there is much to remind one of something of the galvanic or the electric kind in the whole affair, for often where the rapping is heard, however light, there is a tremulous electric jar felt in the room. I know 1 may be told of the extreme liability, of the senses to jiJUMUii i uiai oil present were deceived or that some adroit person was deceiving the others ; but I would simply state that, with all due deference to those who have been often duped themselves, or are in the habit of deceiving others, there are too many witnesses, and the test has been too well applied, to make any of the observers obnoxious to such a charge. There is a class who are inclined to run into a wild frenzy of superstition. I have seen some of this class undertake the investigation, but they either receive it with great eyed wonder, and believe everything infalli bly correct that they hear, or they denounce those who have undertaken to teach them something as being " in league with the devil," and, being driven to a po'nt, declare that they believe that it really is spirits, but evil and only evil ones that communicate. Another strong argument in favour of the devilish theory with them is, that it is heard by so many ' infidels' and men out the pale of orthodoxy. Another correspondent of the same paper cites John Wesley's account of similar knockings and noises heard by members of his family. From the Spectator, Dec, 22. " Can such things he, : Without out special wonder ?" Spirits are reported to have mani fested themselves in the state of New York, with a rapid increase of that invisible population. In its present aspect, the case is a sort of multipli cation of the Cock-lane Ghost ; but it is remarkable for its duration, its wide geographical distribution, and its con nexion with the questionable facts of mesmerism. The msnifestions began, about two years ago, in " a house" of "Western New York," and in the shape of "a simple hollow rapping, ' which could be traced to no visible rapper. The neighbours assembled sometimes to the number of three hundred ; searched from garret to cellar, investigated, and finally listened in passive wonder. The invisible rapper was found to be sig nificant in the noises, and also a responsible being, inasmuch as answers were given to questions: the aes of children were connted correctly in raps; a child who snapped her fingers thrice was answered hy three raps ; and it was soon discovered that rapt in reply to questions bore on affirmative meaning. But the rapper proved a scholar apt at the hornbook :— " The question was put, 'Are you a n spirit ?' The ansiver was by rapping three raps. By this means, they found that it purported to be the spirit of a man Many expedients were resorted to by which to find out the name of the man whose spirit was making these manifestations. At length a stranger asked, 1 If I will call the alphabet, beginning with A, will you rap when I come to the first letter of his name ?' The answer was affirma-ive. He then commenced, ' A, U, C :' when he came to C there was a rap. Again he went on, and it rapped at H ; and in that way he spelled out the name of Gharles liasine.' As before stated, these sounds have from time to time been heard in various families in that place, and the cities of Auburn and Rochester, and various places in the country. Although eouflusd to Ibis rapping sound, ths mode of communication has gradually improved, so that many very curious and astonishing sentences have been spelled by the use of the alphabet. It no longer purports to bo the spirit nf one man or person ; but when an in dividual makes the enquiry, ' Who is it that wishes to commutiiciite with me? they will generally get the name of some friend or relative — a mother, father, sister, or hiother, who has passed from visible existence. Many persons have made the trial, and have had names spelled out to them of their friends, unknown to aoy persons present. Strangers have tried the experi ment, and had their names spelled out before any person present knew it, or where they came from. " In each family where the sounds appear, there seems to be some one or two whose presence is necessary to in sure communications freely. Generally we find that these persons are suscepti ble to magnetic influences and clair voyant, although we have heard it where there were none that had ever been magnetized or were known to be clairvoyant." About a year ago, this new sect of Rappites became known to the editor of the New York Tribune, a Fourierist journal ; and the journalist was reduced J to a state of provisional belief of the genuineness of what be witnessed, until it should be contradicted. Early in November last, lie received a message that the manifestations must be made more public ; and the editor very ob ligingly placed himself at the disposal of the invisible cotrespondent, under whose "directions" a public lecture on the manifestations was delivered in the Corinthian Hall of Rochester, on the 14th of November; a committee wns ap. pointed, and next evening the commit tee made a repot ton the affair. To the questions of this committee, it seems, the answers " were not altogether right nor altogether wrong so that the new Rappites are not altogether infallible. Another committee was appointed, in cluding two physicians and twoHonora. bles, who invested the manifestations in the office of Chancellor; then a third committee, entirely composed of " sceptics ;" tdso, a com mittee of ladies— as there always appear to be ladies involved in the manifesta- tions. ' The ladies of the haunted houses were "disrobed," stood upon glass, tied, placed under the stethoscope to. secure that the sounds should not be vocal, and held by the hand ; still the Rappites rapped, A vibration or " jarring'1 was felt on the floor aDd throughout the tooin during the raps; aud questions asked openly, on paper, or even "mentally," were duly an swered :— " Thus the matter, stands at present ; and whether it is only a remarkable phenomenon which will pass away with the present generation, or with the persons who seem now to be the medium of this extraordinary com munication, or whether it be the com mencement of a new era of spiritual influx into the world, it is certainly something worthy the attention of men of candour and philosophy. " E. W. Capros, Auburn. " Georb NVillets, Rochester." Something of course there is in these signs; but what? Conjecture makes many alternative answers to that ques tion. It may be a juggle ; and if so, it is remarkable among juggles for its extensive spread of the soil of the Emnirp Rutn o.xH rr «u„ _„i. -V, u.ew »WI IIJC MUlllUCr pui> ltcly juggled. As to the numbers and respectibility of dupes, precedents might be found ; but the geographical exten sion seems to be new. It may be a new natural phenomenon — such as a new function discovered by persons in a mesmerized state, who are conspiring to keep it unknown. It may be a newly- established or newiy.revived communi cation from some kind of creature im- pe.fectly cognizable to our sense, as a human being must be to a sightless worm. Or — it may be a real mani festation of ' spirits." The last possibility is suggested by an innate feeling in the human tnind to presume tile existence of supernatural beings. In one sense, super natural creatures there cannot be, since all must conform to the supreme laws which rule the uni verse. In another sense, supernntural- istn is identical with the proposition that creatures exist of which human senses are not cognizant; a probability established by the progress of science, which continually discloses to us things partially cognizable, and some wholly unknown previously; while the nature of other things — such as the "inpon- derables" — is very problematical. Whatever creatures manifest them selves, we may always assume that they are our lellow-creatures, in the sense of being subject to the Universal God. But that these sounds should be emitted by any order of " superior" beings is unlikely on the face of the evidence: it is also likely that they should be alien from humanity. Some traits will be observed in the narrative common to all such affairs. The "spirits" deul unhesitatingly with things not belonging to nature at largo, or the spiritual world at large, but artificially contrived by humanity — they dodge about closets and cupboards, they aie intimate with human usttages, they have learued not only the human but the Anglo-Saxon alphabet, and can spell. A good deal of humanity in all this, not more than might be shown hy a very foolish impostor. The second trait is the tendency of the supernatural visi tants to deal exclusively with trivialities and puerilities— startling woman and children with raps, spelling nnmes, nnd counting the ages of children correctly. Now, before it con be exposed that ally higher order of beings would stoop to such trillings we must alter our whole ideas of what is superior and inferior. If these Rappites are spirits, the appear to be spirits ol a very juvenile under standing, and quite inferior to the average of manhood ; if they are ghosts, then the ghostly condition is one of degradation — as a mathematician might say, it is dotage produced. However, it is impossible to repel n curiosity to learn the issue of the manifestations which thus hold our brethren of New York in wondering amazement. 