Original Poetry. "THE BRIDGE OF SIGHS," (AT YASS.) (Not exactly after the style of a poem bearing the same title, and written by the late Thos. Hood.) BY HARRY DASHBOARD, ESQ. Just now I've ta'en the fit o' rhyme, My barmie noodle's working prime, My fancy yerkit up sublime Wi' hasty summon; Hae ye a leisure moment's time To hear what's comin' ? O, HOOD, whose thrilling numbers caused Mild Pity's tears to flow, How oft in sadness have I paused, Struck by thy pictured woe! With timid step I fain would tread The footsteps of thy muse, And, as I'm certain thou art dead, A "Bridge of Sighs" I'll choose. But pray let not thy angry sprite From out its grave arise, And frowning ask, " Who dares to write About a Bridge of Sighs?" Rest, rest in peace, and trouble not; Strange things have come to pass Since thou wert coffined. Why we've got A "Bridge of Sighs" at Yass! And let no man express surprise, Or show his disbelief, When told that Yass's "Bridge of Sighs" Is Gunning's Bridge of Grief! Though builder Mayne, with all his might, So probed poor Gunning's piers, That, for my part, I thought it might, Be called a "Bridge of Tears." But when the work was called "a job," What clouds of sighs arose! Whilst every victim scratched his nob, Or looked straight down his nose. The shopkeeper, the publican, With grave and anxious looks, Kept sighing, as they homeward ran, To overhaul their books. The baker, butcher, snob, and snip, The smith who made the tools, All, sighing, dropt the nether lip, And looked like April fools. O, cruel Mayne! why not have let Poor Gunning run his race, Till arch and crown and parapet Were each one in its place? Then might the man who fancied that Too long he'd been alive, To passers-by bequeath his hat, And take a deadly dive. Insolvents, charged with fraud or guile, Instead of shedding blood, From off the battlements could "file Their shovels" in the flood. The crossed in love, the lass betrayed, The man with vixen wife, The coward fool who views, dismayed, The buffetings of life,-- Might make Yass bridge the starting post, When bidding life farewell; And if each left behind a ghost, 'Twould more romantic tell. Descendant of great Brian Boru, Assail the public purse, For "tin" to push the work right through, Ere things get worse and worse; For should a raging flood arise And loosen Gunning's stones, Instead of being a "Bridge of Sighs," 'Twill be a Bridge of Groans! Yassville, 6th March, 1850. We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions of Correspondents. 