DR, LANG'S DEFENCE, No. 2. Wb subjoin a second letter from the Doctor in vindication of his conduct. This com munication, which appeared in a ootemporsry of yesterday, is, if possible, more unsatis factory than the previous one. It, in fact, admits the truth of the Wilkinson job as well as the charge of the Hydney Herald, (backed up by the opinions of the Law Officers of the Government) touching the second assignment of the same land order. We can now perfectly comprehend why the reverend gentleman was reluctant to explain the accusation. The mass of mystification in which he endeavours to coneeai the gravamen of the charge renders it neces sary that we should analyse his defence at some length. THE MORETON BAY LAND ORDER Melbourne, May 15. 1850, When -the celebrated John Wesley had tome atroeiont charge preferred agalnt him In the newspaper press of the period, and bis friends assembled around him in great alarm, saying, "Surely you will answer this F' Mr. Wesley c .lraly replied. " No t wh n I gave my soul into God's keeping, I gave my character also, and I am in no way concerned about it." Now, Iconf-ss 1 have felt somewhat in the same way under the charges recently preferred against me by the Sydney Herald, With the conscientiousness of perfect rcetitudc on the one hand, and with a strong feeling of disgust on the other, that my disinterested and self-denying services on behalf of this colony should only be meeting with so vile a return, I have felt quite indifferent as to what might be said about me In that paper, and my resolution to offer no reply through its columns was in no way. shaken, when I found that Mr. M'Encroc, the tobacconist of Sydney, 'had' begun to harp upon the same chord and to express his doubts, forsooth, about my cha racter. Mr. M'Eacroe, your readers most be informed, is one of the leading Irish Roman Catholic demagogues of Sydney, a member cf the holy guild of St. Joseph, and the cousin and fugleman of one of tho priests. Now what right had I, a Presbyterian minister, to expect a certificate of character, cither pub lic or private, from any such quarter ? Iain n -t so unreasonable in my expectations. On the contrary, I feel so peifectly indifferent as to what may be cither said or written o( me by Mr M'Eneroe that I should almost. ss soon be condemned to smoke bis vile tobacco, as to read any letter of his of which I may be the subject. As I find, however, that gentlemen here, whom I respect, are beginning to think there must be something wrong on my put from my continued silence, I shall once for a.l at -tc the whole facts of the cite out of - which . the charge I refer to lias arisen, and leave th <se whom it concerns to judge . "for themselves as to whether I have deviated in any degree from tlie line uf strict integrity. The third of the three vessels which I was insttumcjilil during my stay in England, in sending out with emigrants ofa superior charscier to Moreton Bay, was the ship ' Lima,' which sailed fiom London in the month of June last. It was myde>i-e to pro cure for the emigrants by that vesstl, in ac cordance with a general principle which I wished to establish for the future action of the Company I have b.en labouring to form for the piomolion of e.migra-ion to tliis teiritorj , as well as for the great benefit of the colony at large, a portion of land equal in e tell case to the amount paid for their passage, the lan-l being estimated at twenty-five shillings per a:re. Fur example in tlie ca.e of any family numbt ring five adults and paying L100 for their passage out, it was my desire aud endea vour to obtain for every such family 80 acres of land in addition, free of cost, as I had as certained that such an arrangement wuuld be quite sufficient to give a pr. digious impulse to emigration to litis territory of the very best description and prove of incalculable benefit to the whole colony. But under the existing system and in con sequence of the impracticable character of those obstructives the Commissioners of Land and Emigration, an arrangement of this kind required considerable tact and management, and the emigrants bad to be examined and ap proved of individually by the agent of the Commissioners, before it could be ascertained to be practicable in any instance, while in every step of the process the most vexatious obstacles were thrown in the way, Nuw, if any amount of money had in the meantime been deposited in the hands of the Commis sioners for the purchase of land, the rule was that a certain portion of that amount should be paid back to meet the cost of passage, ac cording to a certain rate per hem! fur the whole number passed ; one half of such re payment to be made shortly after the sailing of tlie ship, and the other half on a certificate- of her safe arrival at her destination being piotluccd in England. Now the whole of the money paid by the emigrants per the ' Lima' was paid exclu sively for their passage, for the vessel could not l.e obtained on any other terms than thoso ol immediate payment. But in order to effect the arrangement I have mentioned in regard to the procuring land for these emigrant-, I had shortly before the sailing of tho ship, de posited iu the hands of the Commissioners other funds — funds of my own — 1> the amount of £950 for tho purchase of land at Moreton Bay. And the question was, what portion of that amount would be paid back by the Commissioners towards tlie payment of the passage of the emigrants they might pass i and this question could not be ascertained till after the sailing of the ves sel. Now so very few of the emigrmts per the ' Lima 1 were actually passed by tlie Commissioners, so as to entitle them to both lan-l anil passage for the same money, lift, only 1.400 was to l,e paid back f-r the whole company, viz., L200 shortly after the sailing of the ship, and L200 additional in perhaps twelve mouths thereafter. In short, the objections which the Commissioners had to make against the most unexceptionable families nnd individuals were so unreasonable, so frivolous, so vexatious, and the difficulties of other kinds were so great, that I dctormmcd ! to have nothing further to do with them in any way. Tlte whole amount therefore of tho money actually paid by the emiginnts per the ' L'ma,' that wm available for the pu- chase of land on their acc-unt, up to the hour 1 I- ft England, was only L200, Other 1.200 would be duubllcas paid in a twc'vcnionlh thereafter ; but as the land is not obtainable on credit, but for ready money only, this second 1,200 was not available. But I had previously pur- clinsrd with my own funds exclusively, land to the extent of L850 iu value, of which amount L200 was thus repaid mc. There was therefore, up to the hour of my Iraving England, land to the extent of L650 worth nt Moreton Bay, which I had purchased, and for which no consideration had been given by the emigrants, and none received by mc. list! I hot then an undoubted right to avai myself of tliis land by making it as I did a collateral security for the time being fur the payment of L578, the only portion of the whole amount originally due for the charter of six large ships which remained unpaid on the 14th of November last, 'the day I left En gland P Undoubtedly I had. But it ia alleged thit 1 had previously sold the land in question, and been fully paid for it, and that my procecdure in. th- matter was prcrlscly that of a person who fraudulently sells the second of a set of bills to one person after having sold the first for a full end adequate 'consideration to another. Now this is grossly false, and the falsehood is su«ceptiblc of the easiest demonstration. The emigrants per the Lima' will testify ton man that the only thing lliey actually paid tor was their passage; in the expectation, howevrr. of getting land in addition through my arrangements on their behalf with the Com missioners. Now lean show, from the Com missioners' own letter, the exact number, name, and surnamo, of the emigrants tbat were actually passed by them, nnd therefore entitled to land in add.tion to passago ; and a rrference to the well-known rules of the Department which arc known to every person at all interesttd in these n.atters, will prove that only L200. could have heen received, and applied to the purchase cf land for these emigrants, up to the 1 1th of November last— - the chain of evidence in my favour is therefore complete — there is not a link wanti-g. Fraud in such cases necessarily impl-.es that nn ade quate consideration has keen given and re- tetved ; but I drfy any person to prove that the'e wss any consideration cither givrn or received in the case, beyond the amount stated. It is quite true that I had previously autho rised Mr Peltigrew the Surveyor who had been appointed, with tho concurrence of the Com missioners, my agi-nt for telecting the land, but without aulh nily to sell or alienate it, to apportion out the whole among the emigrants, thattbey might go to work up-rn it imme- diately. But did this imply that the fee sim ple, wss thereby transferred to those of them from wham no consideration had been either given or rcceivtd P Cert. inly not, Why, not one of them can get ade-d, f -r any por tion of it withaut my signature yet. Did it in any way preclude me of availing myself of my own absolute right and title to more than llitre-fourths of the land, in the way of giving it 'pr j tempore' a. a colUt-ral secu rity for the payment r.f a sum of money till the completion of the airangements which were then in progress for the attainment of an object of vast importance, not o.ity to the emigrants themselves, but to the whole colony, viz., the reeognition of the principle that they should have both land and passage for the same money ? It was neither my de sire nor intention that the emigrants thuuld in any instan e be disturbed in their occupa tion of the land. Having every desire and intention that sufficient titles should eventu ally be given to the whole of them, whether they bad been' passed by the commissioners or not, for this was a part of- the sacrifice which had been contemplated frarr, tire first, in tire formation of the company I was la bouring to establish, nnd I had overcome far -more formidable difficulties In the progress of the affair thin this implied. Butts. tie up my hands from availing myself of what was still my own undoubted prop-rty,.as a -mesiis ofbringiug these complicated arrangements to a s ucctssful issue in the face of " all the difficulties that bad been thrown in my way, by the home government and its agents, would have been mons-roui. The Local Government it seems, have mB-le a merit of protecting the emigrants per the ' Lima' forsooth, against the fraud 1 am alleged to have attempted, in the ma'ter of the security. But why not have sent for me to explain the whole matter at once, an-i to confirm that explanation, as I could have done with the utmust facility, by producing the documents to which I have referred, from the Commissioners? — Why nut have done this, rather than in ent-rc ignorance of tlie real nature and character of the transaction, allow so foul a charge to be preferred against mc in th e Sydney Ilerald ! But there are parties in Sydney, and I do not except tlie Government, who are willing to be satisfied with evidence of any kind to inculpa'e me, to find me guilty of anything disreputable or dishonorable. But I set them atdi-funce. There lias ever, I understand, hi en a threat held out in certain quarters uf expelling mc from the Legislative Council, if I should happen to be returned for tliis district, on litis precious charge. There was a similar threat held out for a time, in the ycir 1843, on the ground of my being a minisl-r of religion ; but during the whole of the four Sessions tbat elapsed, previous to my voyage to England in 184G, the subject was never once alluded to, No sooner, however, had 1 turned my hack upon the colony, and gone to England, than the dastardly creatures brought in, and passed a bill to k- ep me out in future. Th- y made it all right here, and sent it home in due course for the sign manual in England. But Her Majesty, who it Beems, occasionally dips a Utile into colonial matters, happened lo ascertain that honest men were scarce in the Legislative Council of New South Wales, and she was therefore natnrally enough unwilling that the door should bo shut in my face in pirticular, so she vetoed their Bill, and it is therefore quite possible that I may be the surest gear in their aught'1 yet, and that they may all see " their old friend's ghost again," sooner than thoy imagine. JOHN DUNMORE LANG. M Tho gentleman who received the collateral security, did so with the perfect knowledge of the previous appointment of Mr. Pcttlgrcw, as my agent In tho matter. 