SCOTLAND. Shotts. — J..a8t Sabbath, the quiet village ot liarl hill was thrown into a state of great excitement, on account of Elizabeth Wyper (the daughter of a res pectable blacksmith^, aloiiir with her infant child. having gone amissing. A strict search was insti tuted, and, after a short time had elapsed, she was -found in a burn adjacent to the village, with her child lying by her side, both to all appearance dead. Dr Clarke, 'of Whitburn, was soon upon the spot, and used every means in his power to restore animation, but without effect — the vital spark had fled. Remarkable Preservation.— Recently, as a man was travelling between Kir.gswood, near Mtirthly Castle, and Dankeld, on the Stanley road, he came to the saw-mill, and turned off the road to get a short cut home. It being then rather dark, he lost his way, and fell into the mill-lead, upon the wheel, which turned round with h'.ia and left him at the bottom, where he remained all night standing in the water. In the morning, when the men came to their work, and were about to put the wheel in mo tion, a turkey-cock, which had been aware of the accident, commenced its babbling cries in the most earnest manner, going backward and forward to the wheel, where the unfortunate man was hemmed in. 'Its cries and gestures were so very remarkable, that it turne--l the attention of the men to the mill- whesl, where they found the man. On taking him out, he was alive, but much injured — one of his legs was broken, and he was otherwise much bruised. We understand he is in a fair way of recovery. — Perth- shire Courier. A Home of the Lindseys. — Till the death of Sir James of Crawford, in 1397, the family had re sided chiefly in Clydesdale ; but Earl David, and Sir Alexander before him, had spent their lives in Angus, and that country became henceforward the home of their predilection. Their priucipd residence was at Finhaven, a castle built on a high bank or hill over hanging the Lemno, nnd deriving its name ' Fion abhain,' or the ' White-river,' from the foam cast up by the rippling of the waters of that little stream at their confluence with the South Esk, almost under the castle walls. The site is not striking from ele vation or otherwise, but a more favourable position in a military point of view could not have been chosen — the castle being situated at the entrance of the great valley of Strathmore, so as to command the whole of the Lowlands beneath the base of the Grampians ; while at the same time it guards the passes of the Highlands through the neighbourine. valleys of Glenisla,- Glenprosen, and Glenclova. Little now remains of the fortress save the keep, a lofty square tower of the fourteenth century, split asunder as by lightning, and overgrown with ivy, and from the summit cf which a view was obtainable till recently over the whole surrounding country; but, judging by the graceful proportions and beau tiful masonry of the fragment that remains, and the extent of ground enclosed within the fosse, Finhaven — when entire — must have been a most stately structure. A noble Spanish chesnut, nearly fort)' three feet in circumference, ornamented the court of the castle, and probably served as the ' covin-tree,' under which the stirrup- cup was drunk when guests departed on their journey. It wa9 in full growth and vigour in the days of Earl David's greatgrand son, commonly called ' Eirl Beardie ;' but a gillie, or messenger-lad, sent on an errand from the Castle of Carriston to that of Finhaven, having cut a walking-stick from it, the Earl was so enraged that he hanged him on a branch of it — .such at least is the tradition — and from that moment the tree began to decay, though it was not till 1 740 that the bitter frost of that year killed it ; and for twenty years Inter it continued standing, till a storm in 1760 fi nally levelled it with the ground. The ghost of the gillie has ever since constantly walked between Fin haven and Carriston, under the name of Jock Bare foot — getting credit for all the tricks and rogueries commonly attributed in England to Robin Goodfel low. The Church of Finhaven— rebuilt, as already mentioned, by Sir Alexander Lindsey immediately before his departure for Palestine— arose contiguous to the castle-walls ; and the neighbouring hamlets of Amberlemno and Tannadyce afforded accommo dation to the families of the immediate retainers. Westward of the castle, a track of primaeval forest, chiefly of oak, styled the Barony of the Forest of Platane, extended for several miles— -nomin illy the property of the Crown, but de facto of the Earls of Crawford, who held it as hereditary foresters, and had a lodge or residence in the green-wood, the ves tiges cf which are still pointed out under the name of Lindsey's Hall. The forest has now entirely disappeared ; but the tradition of the country bears that the wild cat could leap from tree to tree, from the Castle of Finhaven to the hill of Kirriemuir.— Lives of the Lindseys. . 